5 
1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
fined to cither of the political part,ies which made from North Carolina, and judging from the noble The VICE' PRESIDENT. 'It must go ttFthe 
a struggle thcrc in the late elections. The current character of the State which hc represe*lts here— Committee onr Printi1iff,-excGpt- by unanimoåS 
a State that l)as always, while exhibiting the consent. 
of resistance is runninø• rapidlv over the South. 
l' firmness that belongs properly to her, carried the Mr. HALE. There will be no objection. 
is idle for men to shut their eyes to conse- 
, and has The VICE PRESIDENT. 
her hand constantly 
If anything can be done to olive branch in 
quences like these. 
I jection, the, Chair will put the question- nosv on 
avert the evil, let- those who have the pov„yei' do t.ausrht peace, harmony, and union, heretofore in 
tl)is country—I hope from him that, on recon- 
I will not now detain the Senate longer. 
it. 
IVIt•. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, i rc- sideration and calmer reflection, he wiil unite with 
crot that the honorabie Senator from North Car' us here in as true a spinl of union and devotion 
to the country as any man. 
olina has thought proper to make the speech 
am content, sir, that the gentleman's motion 
which he has just addressed to the Senate. 
hope that we had all come together upon this oc- for printing the Inessage shall be passed, and will 
casion dulv irnprcssed with the solemnity of the waive any remarks which [ might have been dis- 
posed otherwisc to make on that messao•e. 
busincss Chat would devolvc upon us, duly im- 
pressed with the great dangers that were impend- not agree that there is no power in the President 
will say that now. If 
to preserve tbe Union. 
incr over OUL• country, and especially with those 
we have a Union at all, and if, as the President 
dangers w hich tbreaten the existence of our Un ion. 
thinks, there is no right to secede on the part of 
'l'hat was thc temper in which I hoped we v.7ere 
now assembled. I hope this debate will proceed any State, (and I agree with him in that,) think 
'J'.he gentleman has hardly uttered a there is a rifflit to employ our power to preserve 
no further. 
I do not say how we should apply it, 
sentiment or an opinion in which do not dis- the Union. 
i have hopes 0.1' under what circumstances we should apply it. 
aqrree with him—hard! y one, sir. 
I leave all tlbQt open. To say that no State has 
of the preservation of that Union under which I 
have so long lived; I havc hopes that that Union a ricyht to secede, that it is a wrong to the Union, 
which was the glory of our fathers will not bc- and yet that the Union has no right to interpose 
come the shame of their children. But .1 rise any obstaelcs to its secession, seems to me to be 
here now, sir, not for the purpose of rnakiug a , • altogether contradictory. 
1' Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President, r occupy 
speech, and I intend to stick to my purpose. 
wish the gentleman had stuck to his when he said a different position toward the distinguished Sen- 
I rise here to ator from Kentucky from that which he occupies 
he rose. not, make a speech. 
I approvc of much that he says, 
express the hope, and that alone, that the bad toward me. 
example of lhcgentlcman wili not be followed, and though I regret, of course, that he does not 
I approve, ot• his 
with me on any of my points. 
that shall not allow ourselves now to be in- 
volvcd inan angry debate. We had better not have desire to see these questions barouoniouslv set- 
If' vvve tled—of his wish to preserve the Union on-hon- 
conie here at all if that IS out purpose. 
have not come here to give a deliberate and a orable terrns•, but we differ as to thc proper mode 
It seems to me, that io•noring these 
solemn consideration to questions which , i of' (loinsr it. 
are thrust upon us, we arc not fit for the places ovils is like talking of health when a man is very 
which we occupy. This Union was established iil. You must, appiy remcdics that will reach the 
frankly 
and I have spoken, 
by 2•re-at sacrifices; tllis Union is worthy of great (l isoa.sp 
and I think I shan be sustained 
sacrifices at-ld great concessions for 
nnpression,«•. 
Its rnmnte- 
my State in 
nance•, and I trust there is not a Senator here who by a vast InajD2'it.y of the pooplc of 
is pleased to compli- 
w bat I havo stud. 
is not to viekd and to corn inuch 
as one ot' ber representa- 
in order to prescrve the Government and the ment the State, 
thc last I 
tive.s, apprec:at.c it. INorth Carolina was 
Union of the country. 
I look forward with dismay and with sorne- State but one to conie into the Union; she hesi- I 
I think she has shown great 
try when the Union shall bc strickcn down, and devotion to it; but whenever it ceases to protect 
her honor and provide for hcr safety, she will 
we shall be turned loose acrain to speculate on thc 
policies and on the foundation upon which we bid it farewell, though she may be reluctant to 
do so. The Senator no doubt knows, far better 
I look at it, sir, 
are 10 establish governments. 
with a fear and trembling that predispose me to than I do, the feeling of Kentucky; but from what 
I have scen in all parls of the country in which I 
tbc most solemn consideraf.ions that I am possi- 
blv capable of feeling, to search out, if it be pos- have been, I think this movement among the peo- 
sible, some means the of all the ple will go on unless a remedy be applied. 
different sections and members of this Union, and I Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is to find that rem- 
see it' we cannot restore that harmony and i ed y that we are here. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 think one of wisest 
that fraternity and that union which once existcd 
remarke that Mr. Calhoun ever made was, that 
in this countrv,and which crave so nmch of bless- 
the Union could not be saved by eulogies upon it. 
I hope we t 
and so much of benefit to us all. 
shall uot now ennao•e in any irritatincr or angry have had eulogies upon the Union until they 
(lcbau•.. 0111' duties requirc of •as very different have bcen• productive of mischief. The Aboli- 
tl'lé South cannot bc kicked out 
tionists say that " 
di»posltions of mind; and trust none of us will 
and southern Inen say amen to it. 
allow ourselves to be irritat.ed provoked, or i of the Uuton,' 
do not refer to the Senator; but I zneau that the 
through an v inadvertence involved in any angry 
tone and language in the South has been calcu- 
or irritating discussions now. Calm consideration 
lated to encourage the Abolitionists, and render 
. (letnanded of us; a solemn duty is to be per- 
them only the nuore insolent and aggressive. 
fin•med•, not invectives to be pronounced; not pas- 
was therefore I frankly made the declarations 
sions to be aroused; not wrongs to be detailed and 
acro-ravated over arid over again. Let us look to already uttered. I will join the honorable Sen- 
the- fut.urc; let us look to the present only to see I ator, in good faith, in an effort to avert the evil 
that threatens us, if any fail; prospect should be 
what are the dangers and what are the remedies; 
presented. Failing in this, I will stand by my 
and to appeal, for the adoption of those remedies, 
to the good feeling of every portion of this House. State in any effort she may find necessary to pro- 
is in that way only that we can arrive ata tect her interests and maint.ain her honor. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion ofthe 
peaceable and satisfactory conclusion. 
I will not now allude further to any of the ques- Senator from North Carolina must go to the Com- 
tions which the gentleman has presented. I shall mittee on Printing. There is as yet no Commit.tce 
on Printing. If there be no objection, the motion 
not discuss the question whether Mr. Lincoln's 
will be entered , and when the committee is formed 
election be or be not a good cause for resistance. 
it will be referred. 
the motion to print the usual numberif. the Pres- 
ident's 
The motion was agreed to. 
On motion of Mr. HALE, the •Senate- then 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
TUESDAY, December 4, 1860. 
T hc I-louse- met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by thc Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS H. STOCKTOÉ. 
The J ournal of yesterday was read and apppoved. 
CIIANGES ON COMMITTBES. 
The SPEAKER app•binted Mr. MCKENTY asa 
member of the Committee on Public- Buildings 
and Grounds, in the placo Of Mi. MCPÄERSON, 
excused. 
Also, Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan, as a mem- 
ber of the Committee of Ways' and-Méang; in •the 
place of Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, excused. 
The SPEAKER also appöinted- ME. McPi1ER? 
SON to fill the vacancy in the Committee on Nava-I 
Affairs, occasioned by t.he death of Mr. Schwartz; 
and Mr. BARRET to fill the vacancy in the Commit- 
tee. on Public Lands, occasioned by the resigna- 
Lion of' Mr. Blair, of Missouri. 
ESTIMATE or SECRETARY OF TREASURY. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House the an- 
nuak estimate of the Secretary of the r I'reasury; 
•.vhich was referred to the Committee of Ways 
and Means, and ordered to be printed. 
Mr. FLORENCE. It is usual to have extra 
i move that it be 
copies of this report print-ed. 
reRn•red to tbc Committee on Printing to• report 
as to the propriet.v of printincr twenty thousand 
extra ('.e-ples. 
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not necessary. 
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Penn- 
sylvania is aware that thisis the annual estimate 
submitted by the Secretary of the Treasury, and 
ing to law. 
i withdraw 
Mr. FLORENCE. very well. 
the motion. 
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON TIIE PRESIDENT. 
Mr. MOORH EAD. The joint committee ap- 
pointed to wait on the President of the United 
States, to inform him that both Houses of Con- 
cress are organized and ready to reccivc any com- 
munication he may choose to make, have per- 
formed that duly, and were requested by the 
President to state that he. will communicato to 
Congress by messao•e, in writing, at twelve o'clock 
to-day. 
HOMESTEAD BILL. 
Mr. GROW. The House adjourned yesterday 
on a call for the previous question on a motion to 
reconsidei• the reference of the homestead bill. 
suppose that that is the first business in order. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on seco.nd- 
ing the demand for the previous question. 
Mr. PHELPS. I move to lay on' the table the 
motion to reconsider. 
N•lr. WINSLOW. on that motion 1 call for 
the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Some of us here are 
not advised as to t.he contents of this bill. 
order to ask to have the bill read ? 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled 
to have it. read. 
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill, but was 
interrupted by the receipt of the President's an- 
tell you there is at least diversity, great diver- 
sit y,of opinion, which should make us regard it Mr. FITCH. I move that the usual number i 
nual message, by the hands of Mr. ADAM J. Gl,oss- 
I do not believe t be printed, and that-.-number can be printcd with- 
thern is a in the State of Kentucky—we have out reference. The qucsuon of extra numbers BRENNER, his Private Secretary. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move to postpone the 
is man in Kentucky, of any I The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will further bill for the present, 
party, that ao•rees with the gentleman on that i go to the committee when for!ned. 
I think, v;it.h all due deference ted States read. We will not be called upon im- 
v..•e desire that all these difficulties and dissensions to the opinion of the Chair, that that motion mediate!y, perhaps, to vote upon that bill* 
be and appiicd to the not go to the committee, but only Mr. GROVvr. 1 propose this. Let the be 
Mr. That, motion may be put by can read and understand it-. Then let the gen- 
grievances of which we have a right to complain, 
tleman frorn Missouri [Mr. PHELPS] withdraw 
and that, there nyay be a restoration of' peace and 
I do not tbink there v„riil bc 
his motion to lay on the -table; and let the vote 
unanimous consent. 
'Phat is what we desire. 
fron'i the •reuc•ral character of h) y friend. 
any objecüon. 
