1860, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
fortunatcly absent from my seat when my name I Mr. HOUSTON. The House consented to 
was culied, and I ask the unanimous consent of the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. TAP- 
the House for leave to record mv vote. 
There xvas no objection. 
Mr. TAPPAN. I vote in the negative. 
PAN] voting, although he was not within the bar 
•.vhen his name was called. I was likewise out- 
side the bar when my name was called, and if 
Mr. SINGLETON. Mr. Speaker, before the the House will yield me permission, I wilk also 
record my vote. [Cries of " Consent!" ] 
vote is announced, desu•c to state that I decline 
voting on the I)cnding proposition, for the reason The SPEAKER. There being no obiection, 
the gentleman will vote. 
that the Legislature of the State of Mississippi 
has callcd a convention of the people of that State Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not hold the reason 
to take into consideration the subject-matter now i assigned by my colleague, by the gentleman 
1 was not sent here for the from Georgia, [Mr. GARTRELL,J or by the gen- 
before this House. 
purpose of making any compromise, or to patch 'l tlcman from Mississippi, [Mr. SINGLETON,] to be 
1 Icavc, sir, to the sov- i valid 
up existing difliculties. 
Mr. MILLSON. • I have already given notice 
creign State of Mississippi to determine for her- 
that I object to everything out of order. 
self loer Federal rclations. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I rise to state the II Mr. HOUSTON. I propose, sir, to do every- 
reason WII y I did not vote on this question. My thing I, can toward the accomplishment of the 
reasons are the samc as those just givcn by the greaten demanded by the country; and as the 
osition looks to that end, I cheerfully 
gentleman from Mississipti, [Mr. SINGLETON.] pending 
My Sta.te, like that of Mississippi, has called a vote in th affirmative. 
con vention to decide all these questions of Federal Mr. CURRY. I desire to say a word. 
rclations, and I atu disposed to leave it to her to The SPEAKER. Objection IS made. 
I Mr. RUFFIN. The gentleman from Alabama 
settle these questions for herself. 
Mr. HAWKINS. I am in a like situation [Mr. HOUSTON] was permitted to proceed, and I 
with the two gentlernen who havc already ad- trust objection I,viil not now be interposed to pre- 
dressed the House. The State of Florida, which vent his colleague saying what he desires. 
have the honor to represent, during the recent Mr. MILLSON. I must persist in my objec- 
I said that I would object to all discussion 
session of her _Legislature has appointed a day tion. 
out of order, and I desire that thatobjection may 
in January next for the of a conven- 
be regarded as a standing one. 
ti01'1 of her people, to take into consideration, 
amoog other grievances, the very subject-matter Mr. DAVIS, of Missiésippi. 
I want to state 
why 5. shall not changc my vote. 
of the pending proposition. The people of Flor- 
ida, sir, have resolved to determine in convention, 
in their soverei«rn capacity, the time, place, and 
It is for them to decide the 
manner of redress. 
qucstion; and they will settlc that, as well as all 
othcrs, in their sovcreiøn capacity in their own 
way. It. is not for me, therefore, as their Repre- 
sentative here, to take any action on the subject. 
While i am up, Mr. Speaker, I may as well say, 
in advance, that am opposed, and I believe mv 
State is opposed, to all and every compromise. 
T hc day of cotnpromise has passed; and further 
[Calls of " Order ! " from all parts of the 
House.] 
Mr. MILLSON. This discussion is not in 
order, and I rnust interpose my objection to its 
further continuance. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. And 1 also rise to 
If one gentleman is to be heard 
a point of order. 
in discussion of the resolution, I desire that others 
may have an equal chance to state their views. 
Mr. HAWKINS. For the reason 1 havcjust 
stated, I decline votino• on the pending proposi- I 
Mr. CLOPTON. For the reason urged bv the 
from Mississippi, [Mr. SINGLETON,] I 
and as the State of Alabama 
Mr. LMILLSON. 1 object to this discussion, 
which is in palpable violation of the rules of the 
SPEAKER.. Discussion is not in order 
at this time; ax!d, as it is obiected to, the Chair 
trusts that gentlemen will not insist upon address- 
ing {hc House in violation of the rules. 
N'lr. CLOPTON. I have declined voting upon 
the amendment oflin•ed by the gentleman from 
Virginia, because the State of Alabama is pro- 
ceedinsr to consider, in a convention, what action 
is required to maintain her rights, honor, and 
safetuy; and I do not intend to impair the means 
of a full, calm, and manly deliberation, under ex- 
istino• circumstances, or to impede the promre.ss I 
of her action. Believing that a State has the right 
to secede, and that the only remedy for present 
evils is sec.ession, I will not hold out any delusivc 
hope, sanction any temporizing policy. 
A1 r. DAVIS, of Mississ:ppi, took the floor. 
'l'he SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from 
desire, to vote? If so, he will answer 
whether he was within the bar when his name 
was caned. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. With the per- 
mission of the House, I desn•e to submit a single I 
The SPEAKER. is not in order. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The reason why 
I cast my vote ought to be stated. I will not. con- 
sume much of the-time of the House. The pend- 
ing proposition is to refer the President's annual 
message to a select committee. The message has 
to bc referred sornewhere. If the proposition were 
merely to refer to the Committee of the NvVhole 
on the state of the Union, would be compelled 
to vote for it; but for myself, I prefer that thc ref- 
erence of this message should bc to a special com- 
mittee instead of to Committcc of the Whole 
on the state of the Union. It is for that reason I 
voted in thc affirmative. 
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, 
desire to give my reasons for declining to vote. 
One of my colleagues has been allowed to state 
his reasons for voting in the affirmative. [Cries 
of Order!" all over the House.] 
The SPEAKER. During the call of the roll 
discussion is not in order unless by unanimous 
consent. Objection is madc, and the gentleman 
from Alabama therefore cannot procccd. 
Mr. COBB. Tho reasonsassigned by my friends 
who have declined voting have not been powerful 
enough to induce me to withdraw my vote, and I 
therefore hang on to it. 
Mr. MILES. . Mr. Speaker, the South caro- 
lina delegation have not voted on this question 
because they conceive they have no interest in it. 
W c consider our Slate as already withdrawn from 
the Confederacy in everything except in form. 
Mr. PUGH. As n'i.y State of Alabama intends 
following South Carolina out of the Union by 
the 10th of January next, I pay no attention to 
any action taken in this body. 
The vote was then annou nced asabove recorded 
Mr. BOTELER moved the vote 
by which the amendment was agreed to; and 
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid 
upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
The motion, as amended, was then adopted. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the motion was adopted; and also 
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon 
the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
custom in this House, as in,other parliamentary 
bodies,for the Chair toappoint upon a committee, 
such as the one just created, the member who has 
made the initial motion. wish' it to be distinctly 
understood at this stage of the proceedings, in_jus- 
tice to myself, in justice to the able 
rians from the State of Virginia, and above all,' iO 
justice to the great and all-important objet 
to be accomplished by the introduction of •my 
resolution, that I especially desire not to serve 
upon thc committee which has just been raised. 
I had no idea of serving upon it when I submitted 
my proposition, and so stated to my friends: 
hope, therefore, that the usual parliamentary coue 
tesy will be waived so far as I am concerned. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask the unan- 
imous consent of the House to introduce the res- 
olution which •.vas read by the Clerk at my in- 
stance, as a separate proposition 
Mr. RUFFIN. 1 object. 
Mr. FLORENCE. that the House do 
now adjourn. 
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the gentleman to with- 
draw his motion, in order that I may introduce 
a business resolution. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 insist on the motion to 
adjourn. 
The question was taken, and the motion:was 
agreed to; and thereupon (at a quarter to thiee 
o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
WEDNESDAY, December 5, 1860. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of yesterday was read, in which 
the following passage occurred : 
On motion of Mr. Fncn, and by unanimous consent, 
Ordered, That the usual number of the message and 
accompanying documents be printed. 
Mr. CLINGMAN submitted the following motion for con- 
sideration : 
Ordered, That there be printed, for the use of the Sen- 
ate. the sarne nutnber of extra copies of tl;e of the 
President of' the United States as was printed ofthc annual 
message at the last session." 
Mr. CLINGMAN. There to be aslight 
mistake in the reading of the Journal. It is not, 
I took the floor yester- 
perhaps, very material. 
day, and moved for the printing of the usual num- 
ber of the President's message. Then the Sen- 
ator from Indiana (Mr. FITCH] suggested the 
printing of extra numbers. Our names are trans- 
posed. He is represented as having made the first 
motion, while the first motion was made by me; 
and a motion in the naturc of an additional motion 
for extra numbers was made by the SenatorTrom 
Indiana. I hope that correction will be made. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The recollection 
of the Chair concurs with thatof the Senator, and 
he will order the Journal to be corrected, if there 
be no objection. 
The Journal was approved. 
Hon. GEORGE E. PUGH, of Ohio, and Hon. 
J0HN SLIDELL, of Louisiana, appeared in their 
seats to-day. 
NEW SENATOR. 
Mr. LATHAM presented the credentials of 
Hon. EDWARD D. BARER, chosen by the Legis- 
laturc of Oregon a Senator from that State for 
the term commencing on the 4th Match, 1859, 
which were read; and the oath prescribed by 
law having been administered to Mr. BAKER, he 
took his seat in the Senate. 
COMMUNICATION. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- 
ate the report of the Secretary of the Treasury 
on the state of the finances; which, on motion of 
Mr. HALE, was ordered to lie on the table, and 
be printed. 
PACIFIC RAILROAD REPORT. 
Mr. FLORENCE. I move thap the House do Mr. HALE. I submit the following order: 
now adjourn. 
Ordered, That the same number of the eleventh volume 
Mr. BOTELER. Mr. Speaker' I ask the per - of the Pacific railroad report, containing the maps and 
charts of tbe surveys for a railroad from the Mississippi 
mission of the I-louse to say a word or two. 
and Hear him river to the Pacific ocean, as of the preceding volumes, be 
remark in regard to the vote I have given. 
, published for the use ot• the Senate. 
I desire to sav a word personal to nwself. 
If there is no objection to the resolution, I 
A M object. 
M r. GARTRELL, Mr. Speaker, I do not Mr. FLORENCE. If nuv motion to adjourn 
[ checFfully should like to have it considered now. 
rise Ille purpose of enterincr into any debate, be entertained and now pendin'-r, 
but Inereiy to state that, for reasons already as- withdraw it, in order that distinguished friend : i Mr. CLINGMAN, I would rather it should 
go to the Committee on Printing. There has 
from Virginia may be heard. 
i been an enormous eum expended on these sur- / 
signed, i decline voting on tho pending proposi 
The SPEAKER. 
If -tbc Cotnmittec on Printing think ib 
and the fronl Virginia will proceed. 
NY r. MILLSON. I object to everything that I 
it is the necessary, I shall have no objection. 
i: Mr. BOTELER. 1 know, sir, that 
is not. in order. 
