8 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 5, 
Mr. HALE. There is no Committee on 
Printing as yet. Let it lie over until to-morrovt7. 
'Elli STATE or UNION. 
Mr.. POWELL. I notify the Senate that, to- 
morrow, shall introduce a resolution to refer so 
much of the, President's messao•e as relates to the 
present perils of the country to a special com- 
mittec. 
TARIFF. 
Mr. BIGLER. that the Senate pro. 
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 338, 
to régu)at'e the revenue. 
In making this motion 
my object is to fix a day foi• the considefation of 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Chair will 
state to the Senator, that it can only be takcn up 
by unanimous consent. during the first six days 
of the session. 
Mr. HALE. 1 0bject. 
VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will 
Jt is a joint rule, not a 
modify his statement, 
rule of the Senate, and thc bill cannot bc ttlkcn 
up at this time. 
T hc queslion before the Senate is the motion 
of thc Senator frorn illdiana to print additional 
copies of the annual nicssagc of the President of 
the United States. The Senate adjourned on that 
motion. 
Mr. CAMERON. As the referred to by 
my colleacue cannot be taken up under the rules 
for certain number of days, that some 
carly duy next week bc fixed for its considera- 
'i'he 'i"reasury has no Inoney now, and wo 
I nnovc that next Mon- 
outrht to do sornetluno. 
day be appropriated to the consideration of that 
MP. BIGLER. My was to up 
bill and fix a day for its consideration; but if 
understood the Chair rightly, he decided that, 
under the rules of the Senate, we could not take I 
up thc bill for cornsideracion. Without takirlg• the 
bill up, I do not see that a day can be fixed for 
•ts consideration. 
The VICE PRESIDEN'I'. 
r I'llC Chair will 
have the rule read. 
'I'l-tc Secretary read the 21st joint rule, as fol- 
lows: 
" After six days fronn the catnineneetneut of a second or 
subsequent session of Con•rres•. ail 
or 
reports, x,vhich ori"inate.d ill ciihcr I 
at. the close 
ot• the 
next preceding session rennatncd 
in 
eitbct• Ilouse, shall be resurnpd and acted on ili the satnc 
rnanvtcr as ii an adjourlljncnt 110t t a ken place." 
Ml•. CAMERON. 1 do that 
that rule 
prevents it being considered. 
Mr. WADE. we it up until after 
six days of the session have passed. 
Mr. Cannot we fix u day now 
for its consideration ? 
Mr. WADE. we touch it under the 
BORDER POLICE. 
I'vfr. GREEN. 1 ask leave 10 present fol- 
low ino- resolution; and as it is a resolution of 
ple election of any man to thatoffce, in my judg- 
méntf would not be cause for a dissolution.' Nor 
is that the cause Of complaint in the country; but 
it is the principles upon which the late clection 
has taken piace that have given rise to the trouble. 
Never in any previous presidential clection has 
the issue been so fully put, so directly made, as 
in the late one. The -question everywhere wås: 
shall the equality of the States be maintained; 
shall the, people of every Ståte have a right to go 
into the common territory with their 
property ? 
And the verdict of the people has been that equal" 
ity in this country shall not prevail. 
It is to the 
effect that fifteen States of this Union shall e de- 
prived of equality; that they shall not goi o the 
common territory with their property; th they 
are inferiors, and must submit to inequa ty and 
degradation. Then, sir, with such a statc of 
facts before us, is it strange that there be 
dissatisfaction and trouble? 
'I'he platform upon which tho Opposition have 
succeeded in electing their President is, as I look 
at it, directly in conflict with the Constitution. 
It is directly in conflict with the equality of the 
States; and though it is said that this'election is 
in accordance wiih the Constitution, I must say, 
in my honest opinion, that it is in violation of its 
It never was contemplated by those who 
spirit. 
made the Constitution that a sectional party, 
without an electoral ticket in nearly one half the 
Statcs of the Union, upon a platform conflicting 
with the Constitution and wit.h the. rights of the 
Statcs in one half of our country, should elect a 
President. 'I'hough it may not bc in conflict 
with the letter of bhc Constitution, yet, as I look 
, it is in conflict with its spirit. My opinion 
to-day is, if our fathers in forming that instru- 
ment had provided any means by which the 
legality of this election could bc lestcd, before the 
SGpreme, Court if you piease, they woul(l ili this 
case decide in equity that the election of Mr. Lin- 
coln conflicts with the Constitution of the United 
States, and is consequently void. 
Mr. HALE. No doubt of it. 
iVIr. LANE. And, sir, while I know there is 
no such redress, I anl nevertheless, notwithstand- 
ing the srniles or laurhs of gentlemen on the op- 
posite side, fully convinced of the correctness of 
position, that it never was contemplated, and 
it cannot bc consistent \Vith the Constitution , that 
onc section of this country, without regard to the 
rights of nearly one half the States, should have 
the pom..vct• to elect a President on a plat forn•) in 
conflict with the Constitution and in conflict Wilh 
the equality of the States of one half the country, 
depriving them of equality, and depriving them 
of the principle on which the Union was formed. 
Without the maintelnance of that principle, the 
Union never could have been fi)l'lned, and thc 
Constitution never could have been adopted. Sir, 
that equality must bc maintained, or this Union 
cannot and ought not to last. 
r 1k) say that the 
II people of fifteen States of this Union shall be 
blood? Can such unjust pretensions be allowed, 
or can the Union be preserved on such tetnns? I 
think not. To preserve the Union, we Inust be 
just, and carry out in good faith every 
and guarantee of the Constitution. 
that the platform of 
It iS not only true, sir, 
principles sets forth all tha•t I state, but I recol- 
lect lately reading the speech of the Senator from 
Illinois, [Mr. TRUMBULL,) made in the presence 
of Mr. Lincoln, in which he spoke of the great 
triumph—the election ofa Lincoln.' He said it 
had secured one great object. One great thing 
had been accomplished by this victory: it was, 
free territory; that slavery should never be ex- 
tended upon another foot of the territory of this 
country 
In addition to that, sir, wc have seen a letter 
from the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, 
[Mr. DOOLITTLEJ—I will have it before me di- 
rectlv—in which he •commences by saving that- 
it is indeed a great triumph; that it bas settled 
forevei• the question of free territory; that slavery 
shall not be extended into the ri'errit,ories by any 
act, however bold or however specious; neither 
by border-ruffian invasions, nor by the decrees 
of courts, nor by congressional slave codes; but 
that the territory now acquired, or to bc hereafter 
acquired, from Mexico or Great Britain—throw- 
ing his eye over all the opportunities of acquirincr 
territory, socincr we could only acquire it 
the one or the other—shall forever remain free. 
He does not stop there, sir. He professes to 
own a portion of the people of this country-— 
Florida, Louisiana, Texas—to have purchased 
them; and that he is going to hold on to tlH_nn•, 
that they paid a large sun) of money, and 
ficed forty thousand lives and 10 
defend them, and he is not goinæ to permit I ht n 
to go out of' this Union. They cost a pricc that 
he enumerates; and he intends to hold them note , 
and they shall havc no lot or part in the conotnon 
Territories of our common country. 'Will oar 
people in that portion of the country thus spoken 
of', knowing that the platforrn of' principles upon 
which that party succeeded in the late election is 
i!) conflict with their equality, is in conflict with 
the Constitution; and with these threats at meet- 
rejoici1)T over their success, and the written 
views of distinguished gentlemen on that side— 
will t lie y sit still? subn)it? I ask you, 
sir, and t.lle patriotisrn of the country, will they 
subrnit to this kind of inferiority, to this kind of 
, inequality, and degradation? 
sir, without a guarantee. that cannot hereafter be 
broken, that they shall have equality in this coun- 
try, and enjoy rights with the other States, then 
they arc not worthy to bc called American' citizens 
or frec.men . 
I would do anything, sir, to save this Union , 
but it Inust be saved upon honorable terms; it 
musl bc saved upon the principles of the Consti- 
tution. The obnoxious laws—laws violativc of a 
faithfuk and prompt execution of the fugitive slave 
INferiors, that they shall be qncquals, that they law—now on the statute-books of the northern 
shall not have rights equal with 1110 other portion 
appointed, I will meroly ask Ihat it be read. 
r L'he Secretary read the resolution, as follows: 
Resolved, rl'hat the Connnittee on the Judieittry be in- 
structed to inquire into the proxn•iety of providing by law 
for establishing an atlned police tOrcc at 
necessary 
points along the line separating the stavcholding the 
non-slaveholding States, for tuc purpose ot• rnaiutainincr 
the general peace between the States; of preventing the 
invasion of States by citizens of another ; and Ibr the 
eflicieot execution ()t• the fuyil.ive slave kav,rs. 
PRINTING OF I'llESIDEN'.e'S MESSAGE. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If 
tion is on the moti01i of the Senator from Indiana 
sa u•e. 
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, 
tention to consutne tbc tinn•. of the Senate at any 
length, but tnercly to say a words in relation 
to the unhappy condition of our country. 
We are an aware, N'] r. 
, that there is 
•reat dissatisfaction in this country, and a very 
near approach, unless smncthing can be done 
very speedily, to a dissolution of the Union. 
is not very strange, as I look at it, that this con- 
dition of things should exist. 
It has been truly 
said that the election of any man to the Presi- 
dcncy would not be good cause for a dissoll_ltion party set up exclusive claim to territory acquired 
of the Union. I tun prepared to say that the sim- at such sacrifice of southern as well as northern 
of the country, is a degradation that a proud, 
il'iquiry directed to a connnitt.oc that is not yet 
horior•able, and just people cannot submit to ; and 
it- they should, I would not entertain for them 
that respect that 1 do to-day. It is not consistent 
l.vith sense, it is not consistent -with 
, it is not consistent with justice, to say that 
one portion of this country shall exclude the. 
other half of it from the comnoon territory ac- 
quirod equally by the blood and treasure of every 
portion of it, and appropriate the whole exclu- 
sively to their use, and deprive the other half of 
II any participation therein. 
I have witnessed the process of acquiring ter- 
I know how it is done. 
I witnessed it 
to print extra nun'\bers of the President's Ines- upon the battle-field when I saw the bravc Mis- 
sissippi reffiment led on bv the gallant Davis. 
it is not my in- ii saw the Kentuc«y -reo•iment, too, behaving gal- 
lantly ill t hc satnc battle, comtningling their blood 
with the good soldiers of the northern States. 
By. the victories achieved in that war we acquired 
territory; and now o•entlemen on the other side 
say that it shall be appropriated to their exclu- 
Sive use and that of their section. 
I can see no 
It justice in such declarations. 
I can sce no good 
sense or patriotism, fraternity, or equality, or good 
faith, 
in such a declaration of principles. Upon 
what principle of riol'lt can a northern, sectional 
' States, must be repealed, 
and such guarantees 
made as will satisfy every man that hereafter their 
rights shall be safe. I would not advise them to 
bc- very ready in accepting promises. They are 
casily made and easily broken. 
Then I say, sir, without such guarantees as 
wilt secure to every portion of this country un- 
questioned equality, without such guarantees as 
w Ill enable every man of c very Statc in this 
Union to go into the comrnon territory and take 
his property and enjoy it svhilo the territorial 
condition remains, there can be no peace in this 
country; there can be no Union. 
It does not 
exist t•o-day. That fraternity, that good faith, 
that honorable feeling and just action that con- 
trolled our fathers, does not exist in this country 
to-day. There must be a change of head, 
would to God of heart also. 
I-leaven can work 
F a miracle. 
It did upon Saint Paul, and would 
be very glad to see it done in this countlv, and 
the hearts of tbc people 
throughout e 
changed, and good will, 
h o norable 
good faith, 
feeling, and just action restored, and then tbc 
country would go on together forever. 
'l while I say these things, I want it understood 
distinctly that I would ask nothing for Oregon 
II that she is not entitled to under tbc Constitut 
but that I would have, and nothing less. 
sir, I say, if the South had the numerical strength, 
and could, by action here, or in any other way, 
