1860. 
Sion of a State is an act of revolution taken through 
that particular means or by that particular meas- 
It withdraws from the Federal compact, 
ure. 
disclaitns any further allecriance to it, and sets it- 
self up as a separate government, an independent 
State. 
'I'he Statc does it at its peril, of course, 
because it rnay or may not bc cause of war by the 
remaining States composing the Federal Govern- 
they think proper to consider it such 
ment. 
an act of disobedience, or if they consider that 
the policy of the Federal Government be such 
that it cannot submit to this dismemberment, why 
then t.hey may or rnay not make war if they 
choose upon the seceding States. It will bea ques- 
tion of course for the Federal Government or the 
remaining States to decide for themselves, whether 
they will pctmita State to go out of the Union , and 
remain as a separate and independent State, or 
whether they will attempt to force her back at tho 
point of the bayonet. That is a question, I pre- 
sume, of policy and of expediency, which will be 
considered by the remaining States composing the 
Federal Government, through their organ, the 
Federal Government, whenever the contincrency 
arises. 
But, sir, whilc a State has no power, under the 
Constitution, conferred upon it to secede from the 
Federal Government or frorn the Union, ea.c,l'l 
State has the right of revolution, which all admit. 
Whenever the burdens of the Government under 
which it acts become so onerous that it cannot 
bear them, or if anticipated evil shall be so great 
that the State believes it would be better off— 
even risking the perils of secession—out of the 
Union than in it, then that State, in my opiilion, 
like all people upon earth, has the right to ex- 
ercise the great fundamental principle of sett- 
preservation, and go out of the Union—thougn, 
of course, at its own peril—and bcau• the risk of 
the consequences. And while no State rnay have 
the constitutional right to secede from the Union, 
the President may not. be wrong when he savs 
the Federal Government has no power under t be 
Constitution t.o compel the State to come back 
lb 11)ay be a casus onuissus in the 
into the Union. 
Constitution; but I should like to know where 
the power exists in the Coilstitution of the United 
Statos to authorize the Federal Government to 
It does not exist in 
coerce a sovereign State. 
tenns, at anv ratc, in the Constitution. 
I do not 
thibk t.herc is any inconsistency, therefore, be- 
twecn the two positions of the President in the 
message upon these particular paints. 
'l'he only fault I havc to find with the nlessage 
of the President, is the inconsistency of another 
He declares that, as the States have no 
portion. 
power to secede, the Federal Government is in 
fact a consolidated Government; that it is not a 
I den v it. 
voluntary association of States. 
was a voluntary association of States. No State 
was ever forced to con-ie into the Federal Union. 
Ever v State carne voluntarily into it. 
It svas an 
association, a voluntary association of States; 
arid the President's position that it is not a vol- 
untat•v association IS, in in y opinion, altogether 
wrono•. 
But whether that be so or not, the President 
declares and asst_unes that this Government is a 
that all 
consolidated Governm(.int to this extent: 
the laws of the Federal Government are to operate 
directly upon each individual of the States, if not 
upon the States themsel ves, and 111 ust be enforced ; 
and yet, at the same time, he says that the State 
which secedes is not to bc coerced. He says that 
the laws of the United States must be enforced 
against evei'Y individual of a State. Of course the 
State is composed of individuals within its limits, 
and if you enforce the laws and obligatimos of the 
Federal Government affainst each and every in- 
vidual of the State, you enforce them against a 
Sttue. While, therefore, hc says that a State is 
not to be coerced, he deciarcs, in the same breath, 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
movement, to accept the issue which the Senator 
from New Hampshire has seen fit to tender—that 
is, of war. Sir, the southern States that are now 
inoving in this matter, are not doincr it without 
due consideration. We have looked over the 
whole field. M/ e believe that the only security 
for the instit.ution to which we attach so much 
importance is secession and a southern confeder- 
acy. We are satisfied, notwithstanding the dis- 
claimers upon the part of the Black Republicans 
to the contrary, that they intend to use the Fed- 
eral power, when they get possession of it, to 
put down and extinguish the institution of sla#ery 
I do not intend to enter 
un the southern States. 
upon the discussion of that point. That, how- 
ever, is my opinion. It is the opinion of a large 
majority of those ',vith whom I associate at home, 
ana I believe of the southern people. Believing 
that this is tho intention and object, the ultimate 
aim and design of the Republican party, the 
Abolitionists of thc North, we do not intend to 
stay in this Union until we shall become so weak 
that we shall not be able to resist when thc time 
com for resistance. Our truc policy is the one 
we have made up our minds to follow. 
Ou true policy is, to go out of this Union now 
w ile we have strength to resist any attempt on 
t c part of the Federal Government to coerce us. 
I can tell the Senator from New Hampshire, 
well as ali of his friends, when they talk about 
South Carolina goincr out, that she is not the 
only State that is going out. Her destiny is be- 
yond doubt fixed. She is determined, in the 
graphic language of her distinguished Senator, 
not hcrc to-day, [Mr. HAMMOND,] to go out high, 
and there are other States that 
dry, and Jbrecer; 
intend to follow her example. So far as my own 
State is concerned, shc is the last one in thc 
scries of those who have ordered conventions to 
act upon the subject; but although she is the last 
one whose decision will be made of the five States, 
I have the confidence to assert here upor% this 
floor that she vv'iil not bc behind her sisters in 
the boldness, decision, and firmness of her action. 
I am satisfied that South Carolina will resolve 
herself into a separate, sovereign, and independ- 
ent State, before the ides of January; that Flor- 
ida and Mississippi , whose con ventions are soon to 
meet, will follow the example of South Carolina; 
and that Alabama—proud daughter of my own 
State—actuated by a patriotism and pride, will 
follow this noble example which South Carolina 
will set to her sisters, and will go out of the Union 
on the 7th of January. Then the Georgia con- 
vention follows on the 16th of that month; and if 
these other surrounding sisters shall take the 
step, Georgia will not be behind; and, sir, before 
the 4th of March—before you inaugurate your 
there will be certainly five States, if 
President— 
not eight of them, that will be out of thc Union 
and have formed a constitution and frame of 
trovernment for themselves. 
As the Senator from New Hampshire very 
properly remarked, it is time to look this thing 
in the face. The time is rolling rapidly to the 
consummation of these great objects; and, in my 
opinion, there is nothing this side of Heaven that 
can prevent their consummation. You talk about 
concessions. You talk about repealing the per- 
sonal liberty bills as a concession to the South. 
Repeal them all to-morrow, sir, and it would not 
It is not 
stop the progress of this revolution. 
and protection in secession anda southern con- 
federacy. 
Nor do we supposethat there will be any oqert 
aces upon the part of Mr. Lincoln, For one; -.1 
do not dread these overt acts. I do not propose 
to wait for them. Why, sir; the. power of 'this 
Federal Government could be so exercised "-against 
the institution of slavery in the southern States 
as that, without an oveftact, the institution WOüId 
not last ten years. We knff,v that,' sir; änd•'see- 
ing the storm which is approaching, although lit 
may be. seemingly in the distance, we are determ- 
ined to seek our own safety and security before 
it shall burst upon us and overwhelm us with its 
fury, when we are not in a situation' to defend 
ourselves. 
Now, sir, we intend to go out of this Union'.•.l 
speak what I believe upon this flooi•, that, before 
the 4th of March, five of the southern States at 
least will have declared their independence; and 
I am satisfied that thrce others of the cotton States 
will follow as soon as the action of the people can 
be had. Arkansas, whose Legislature is now in 
session, will, in all probability, call a convention 
at an early day. Louisiana Will follow-. Her 
Legislature is to meet; and although' there isla 
clog in the way of the lonc-star State of Texas 
in the person of her Governor, who will: not con- 
sent tö call her Legislature together, and give the 
people of that State an opportunity to act, yet the 
public sentiment in that State is so decided in 
favor of this movement that even thc Governor will 
be overridden; and if he does not yield to public 
sentiment, some Texan Brutus will arise to rid his 
country of the hoary-headed incubus that stands 
between the people and their sovereicyn will. 
We intend, Mr. President, to go out peaceably 
if we can, forcibly if we must; but I do not be- 
hieve, with the Senator from New Hampshire, 
that there is going to be any war. If five or eight 
States go out, they will necessarily draw all the 
other southern States after them. That is a con- 
sequence that.nothing can prevent. If five or eight 
States go out of this Union, 1 should like# see 
the man that would propose a declaration of war 
acrainst them, or attempt to force them into obe- 
dience to the Federal Government at the point of 
the bayonet or the sword. 
Sir, there has been a good deal of vaporing cin 
this subject. A great nnany threats have been 
thrown out. I havo heard them on this floor, and 
upon the floor of the other House of Congress; 
but I have also perceived this: they come from 
those who would be the very last men to attempt 
to put their threats into execution. Men talk 
sometimes about their eighteen million who are 
to whip us; and yet we have heard of cases in 
which just such men had suffered themselves to 
be switched in the face, and trembled like sheep- 
stealing dogs, cxpecting to be shot every minute. 
These threats generally come from men who 
would be the very last to execute them. Some 
of these northern editors talk about whipping the 
southern States like spaniels. Brave words; but 
I venture to assert none of those men wouldcver 
volunteer to command an army, to be-sent-down 
South, to coerce us into obedience to Federul 
power. 
But, sir, there is to be no war. The northern 
States are controlled by sagacious men, like the 
distinguished Senator from New York, [Mr. 
SEWARD.] Where public opinion and action are 
thus controlled by men of cor-mnon sense, -who 
your •personal liberty bills that we dread. Those 
persovhiberty bills are obnoxious to us not on know well that they cannot succeed in' a war 
account of their practical operation, not because a«ainst the southern States, no such attempt of 
they prevent us from reclaiming our fvitive coercion will be made. If State alone was to 
slaves, but as an evidence of that deep-seated, go out, unsustained by hcr surrounding sister 
wide-spread hostility to our institutions, which States, possibly war might ensue, and there might 
must sool')er or later end in this Union in their be an attempt made to coerce her, and that would 
but, sir, South Caro}ina is 
extinction. That is the reason we object to your give rise to civil war; 
In Inynopinion, she will be 
It is not because that in not to go out alone. 
personal libertv bills. 
sustained by all her southern sist.ers. They *nay 
their practical operation taey ever do any harnl, 
his determination to enforce the laws of the Union, 13ut, sir, if all the liberty bills vyrere repealed to- not all go out immediately; but they will, in -the 
.and t l}ercfore, to coerce theState if a Statcgoes out. day, the South would no more aain her fugitive end, join South Carolina in this important move- 
It is not rnent; and shall, in tho next twelve months, 
slaves than if thoy were in existence. 
r I'l)ere is the inconsistency, according to my idea, 
which I do not see how the President or anybody W the pe:sonal liberty laws; it is mob laws that we have a confederacy of the southern States, an(l a 
r l'hnt the Federal Government 
else can reconcile. 
is to enforce its laws over the seceding State, and 
yet not coerce her into obedience, is to me incom- 
prehcnsible. 
Buc L did not rise, President, to discuss 
these questions rciat.iotl to the messagc; rose 
in behalf of the State that. I represent, as welt as 
other southern States that are engugcd in this 
It is the existence and action of the public government inau'-yurated, and in successful oper- 
in my opinion, will bc a govern- 
sentirnent of the northern States that are opposed ation, which, 
to this institution of slavery, and are determined ment of the greatest prosperity and power that 
—to use all* the power of the Fed- the world has ever seen. 
'i' here will be no war, 
to break it down 
in m v opinion. Such an eß'ort would be fruitless, 
cral Govern n-:ent, as well as every other power 
about its ultilnate and and Inen of sense kilow it. 
hands, to briny 
in their 
'Ithere are but two instances in modern historv 
S}joe.dy extinction. That is what vv'Q apprehend, t 
and what ill part moves us to look for securitv i} in which a nation has been overcome by aföreFyn 
