THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 do not very well under- 
stand this business. I was not aware myself that 
any bills had been reported from the Committee 
of. Ways and Means at the •present session, and 
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the 
I do not think anybody else 
state of the Union. 
was. The bills have not been printed at all. The 
House has not yet bccn furnished with the esti- 
mates of the Treasury Department for the ensu- 
ing year. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to 
the gentieman from Ohio that the bill was re- 
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means, 
and referred to tbe•Committee of the Whole on 
the state of the Union, and was made the special 
It has been considered by the committee 
order. 
and laid aside, to be reported to the House with 
the- recommendation that it do pass. 
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague is a little be- 
hind time. The estimates have been printed, and 
are in the boxes of members. If he has not read 
thém, it is his own fault. These are the ordinary 
appropriations—the same sums us were appro- 
priated last year and the year before; and i can 
see no cause for delay. 
The CHAIRMAN. The biti has been laid 
aside, to be reported to the House. 
Mr. STANTON.- 1 do not so understand. 
The Chair stated that if there was no objection it 
would be laid aside, and I then rose to make ob- 
iection. I takc il that it has not been laid aside. 
'lido not desire to interpose any unnecessary ob- 
stacles, certainly,.to the passage of appropriation 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will consider 
the question still open for debate, if the gentle- 
man from Ohio desires to debate it. 
Mr. SEANTON. All to say is that 
-I was not myself aware that estimates had been 
If so, they have been 
submitted to the House. 
submitted earlier than usual. There has been no 
order to print them; and how they were printed 
I do not know. It is perfectly apparent, how- 
ever, that it is improper to pass appropriation 
bills in this way. There is not a single member 
-of this House, outside of the Committee of Ways 
and Means, who has looked into the estimates. 
It may be all 
This bill goes entirely on trust. 
well enough; but this action is a littie mote speedy 
I would a little rather this bill 
than -I desire. 
should go over till we havc an opportunity o?com- 
I would a little 
paring it with lhc estimates. 
rather-this bi!l should be priilted for that purpose. 
I am willincr that the bill should be laid aside in- 
formally, and passed éver for the present; and 
up in the Committee of the 
then let it be t.-akeu 
Whole on lhc state of the Union, when the Housc 
goes acain into committee. 
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chairman—— 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my friend from 
Iowa will allow me to correct an error into which 
my colleague has failcn in regard to the estimates 
of. the Secretary of the Treasury. My colleague 
ought to know that according to law, these esti- 
mates are printed and laid on tho table at the be- 
It is an old law, which, 
ginning of the session. 
believe, has been on the statute-book longer 
than either of us has been in Congress, and in ac- 
cordance with it, these estimates are now printed. 
Mr. CURTIS. I merely want to propose an 
amendment, which I hope the chairman of thc 
Committee of' Ways and Means will accept. 
is to add at the end of the section the following 
proviso : 
Provided, The term of study shall be reduced to the 
former standard of four years. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order. 
That amendment is not in order. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, d. 
having been raised, the Chair obliged to rule i would, therefore, perhaps, be better to delay the 
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1860. 
subject, then the amendment proposes independ- 
ent legislation in an appropriation bill, which 
the Chair holds to be out of order. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 believe 1 will appeal from 
the decision of the Chair. 
Mr. KUNKEL. If the gentleman from Iowa 
will permit mc to occupy the floor for a moment, 
I will remind the committee that when the Mil- 
itary Academy bill passed the House at the last 
session, a commission was authorized to be ap- 
pointed to inquirc and report to the House as to 
the term of study at the Military Academy at 
I think that we should receive the 
West Point. 
reportof that commission before this bill is taken 
up and passed. T hc Chair. has, it is true, ruled 
the amendment outof order; butl would rcépect- 
fully remind the Chair that a provision in regard 
to the term of study haseh•eady been incorporated 
in the law. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to 
the gentlé.man from Maryland that that was not 
done by the House, but by a committee of con- 
ference. 
Mr. KUNKEL. Yes; but it was acceded to 
by the House. 
The CHAIRMAN. The House has no con- 
trol over the rules of the Senate. That clause did 
not originate in the House, but in the Senate. 
The House concun•cd with the committee of con- 
fcrence. There is a law now on the subject of 
the term of study at the Military Academy; and 
therefore the amendment '.vould be a change of 
the law. 
Mr. CURTIS. Well, if my amendment is out 
of order, I will modify it so as to read, that no 
part of the money appropriated shall be applied 
to extend the study beyond four years. 
Mr. KUNKEL. would suggest to the 
Chair— 
Mr. CURTIS. I want to have this question 
settled. 
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from 
Iowa will put.hisnodified amendment in shape 
the Chair will have it submitted to the committee. 
Mr. KUNKEL. I would respectfully suggest 
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and 
Means—whose attention desire to have—that 
if this commission be prepared to report—and I 
am not informed whether it is or not—and shall 
recommend the reducing of the term of study to 
four years, the apm•opriations in this bill might 
be too much, because I presume they arc based 
upon the five years' term of study. 
Mr. SHERMAN. It makes no difference in 
the amount of the appropriations, whether the 
term of study be fixed at four years or five years. 
wili 
The same amount is necessary each year. 
say further, that if this commission Shail report 
to the House that the time ought to be limited to 
four years, will very cheerfully vote for that 
proposition whenever it is embodied in a bill and 
Introduced by the Committee on Military Affairs. 
I think, however, that it should not be allowed 
to embarrass an appropriation bill. 
Mr. KUNKEL. I very respectfully submit 
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and 
Means, that the haste with which thc bill is 
brought before the Committee of the Whole on 
thc state of the Union, to be folloved, of course, 
by its passage through the House, is certainly 
unprecedented. As his colleague [Mr. STANTON] 
suggested, none of the members of the House 
have had an opportunity of examining the esti- 
mates of the Secretary of the Treasury. f, at 
least, must acknowledge that I have not looked 
into them. The bill has not been printed. There 
has been no opportunity afforded the Commiltee 
on Military Affairs to examine into the correct- 
The CHAIRMAN. The quest.ion of order ness of the estimates Tor the next fiscal year. 
Mr. CURTIS. - Excuse -me. 
cuss this question. 
The CHAIRMAN. the mot.iöå of, 
tleman from :Ma'ryiand is not- before t.he ,commit;• 
tee. The -gentleman •Iowa. has' the- floor; 
and tho. gentleman from Maryland was only 
his courtesy. 
cupying it b 
Mr. CUR%IS. 1 have modified-. my amend"- 
ment; and I ask thatit may be réåd as modifieå. 
The amendment was -read, as follows: 
Provided, That the money hereby appropriated 
applied only on condition that the term of. snriies shall be 
reduced to the former standard, four: years-. 
Mr. CURTiS. I would sayi in -response: Co 
what has been said On the other side, that TLdO 
not think it necessary tom w.it for the report Of 
this commission. The question; has been before 
a standing committee.of the Housé9and ihateom- 
mittee has reported, in favdrof fotii• 
Th'at standing committee was the, 'appropriate 
committee to Consider the subject, 
full opportunity to do so. Four years was the 
term established by the distingåished head of the 
academy, Colonel Thayer, many years ago; and 
ail the distinguished offcers of the Army were 
graduated on the four years' course. . There is 
no necessity for five years' study. For the sake, 
therefore, of economy, and for the sake of the 
good government of the academy; I •ask that my 
amendment shäll be agreed to. 
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, 1 presume 
that the amendment presented by the gentleman 
from Iowa [Mr. CURTIS] will meet with the sanc- 
tion of the House. ain satisfied that the Chäir- 
man erred in the decision which he made upon 
the question of order raised upon this subject; for 
at tho last session a like question' of: order-was 
raised , and, on appeal , it wasdecided to?be not Well 
taken. The amendment then stibmutéd was de- 
cided to be in order; -and •it was incorporated in 
the bill. It went to the Senate, was there rejected, 
then returned to this House, and it afterwardsbe- 
came the subject of cbnference between •the two 
Houses. 
I think myselt• that we ought to await the ace 
tion of the commission that was appointed under 
a law of the last session before we decide with 
reference to the term of study at West Point. At 
the last session the subject was, sent, by special 
order of the I-louse—this subject of the teirn of 
study at the West. Point Mifitary Academy—to 
the Committee on Military Affairs. That com- 
mittec entered into correspondence with the head 
of that academy, and they obtained ali the in- 
formation on the subject referred to them that was 
available.. They. repdrted two bills, which', in thé 
end, went to committees of conference. The last 
committee of conference repotted to:thé Hou'se 
proposition for a Of 
two members of-thé Senate, :twö members of the 
House, and two Army omcers—the members of 
the Senate to be appointed by the President of the 
Senate, the members of the House by the Speaker 
of the House, and the Army omcers by the Pres- 
ident of the United States. i understand that that 
commission has discharged its duty, and is now 
prepared to make its report. 
In regard to constitution of that commis- 
sion, perhaps, sir, it may not bc amiss in this 
place to say a single word. If there is any rule 
of parliamentary usage settled better than an- 
it is that, in committees of conference— 
other, 
in the nature of which this commission really 
is—the •majority of the committee shall be con- 
stituted of the members in favor of sustaining the 
action of the majority of the House. Another 
usarre is, to appoint upon committees of confet- 
ence, to which certain subjects have been re- 
ferred, members of the standing committee who 
have had the subject previously under considera- 
tion under the rules of the House. Hence,-in 
the amendment out. of order, as it proposes to 
change an existing law, or a regulation made un- 
der the law. 
Mr. CURTIS. I think that. there is no law on 
It is simply a regulation which we 
the subject. 
have a right to correct by law. 
The CHAIRMAN. If there bc no on the 
2 
passage of the bill, at least until an opportunity 
i shall have been afforded to investigate it. With accordance with parliamentary usage, a portion 
that view, I shall move that the committee do I of the commission referred to ought toi8Ve'been 
taken from the Committee on Military Affairs of 
this House. So far as I am personallyeoncerned, 
now u•xse. 
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chairman—— 
Mr. GROW. I desire the gentleman from I am entirely satisfied with it. refer, sir, 
i to what has been done as dooking an insult 
Iowa to give way for a moment. 
