1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOOE. 
under consideration certain resolutions in relation 
to the reference of thc President's message, and 
had directed him to report the same to thc House, 
with a recommendation that they do pass; also, 
that it had had under consideration the pension 
bill and the Military Academy bili. and had di- 
rected •Iliü) to report the same to the House, with 
a recommendation that they do severally pass. 
The question being first upon the adoption of 
the resolutions, it was put, and decided in the 
affirmative. 
So the President's mcssame was referred ac- 
cordingly. 
'Che bill (H. R. No. 862) making appropria- 
tions for the support. of the Military Academy 
fc•n• the year ending the 30th of June, 1862, was 
then ordered to be engrossed and read a third 
time; and being en"rossed, it was accordingly 
read thc third time, and passed. 
The bill (H. R. No. 861) making appropria- 
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen- 
*ions of the United States för the year ending the 
30th June, 1862, was next ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time; and being eno•rossed, it was 
accordingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the sev- 
eral votes by which tho resolutions and bills were 
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to re- 
consider on the table. 
rl*he latter motion was agreed to. 
Aud then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, 
of Illinois, (at one o'clock and fifty minutes,) the 
House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
THURSDAY, December 6, 1860. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN, of Louisiana, appeared 
in his seat. 
TheJournal of yesterday was read and approved. 
MEMORIALS. 
Mr. LATHAM. I beg leave to present the 
memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of San 
Francisco, praying for the establishment of a 
. daily overland mail, and for the carry tng of the 
United States mail thereon entirely. I ask that 
it be refirred to the Committee on the Post Offce 
and Post Roads. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no such 
committee at present. 
'Ithe memorial will lie on 
the table, if there bc no objection, until the com- 
mittees are appointed. 
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY. 
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was 
Ordered, 'l'hat when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to 
meet on Monday next. 
STATE OF THE UNION. 
Mr. POW ELL. In pursuance of the notice 
1 gave yesterday to the Senate, I desire to intro- 
duce the followino• resolution: 
Resolved, 'I'ilat so Inucfl *rhe President's message as 
relat.es to the present agitated and distracted condition of 
tne country, and the grievances bctween the slaveholding 
and the 1101k -slaveholding States, be retort•ed to a special 
colinnittee of thirteen Iiicnibers ; and that said comniittee 
be it:strueted to inquire whether any additional legislation 
within the sphere Federal authority be necessary tor 
the protection and security ot• property in the States and 
'i'erritoriex•g -of the Unitéd States; and if so, that, they re- 
port by bill. And that said committee be also instructed 
to consider and report upon the expediency of proposina 
such au mnei!dHlent or aunendtnents to the Constitution of 
the United States as nray be 
ecessary to give eertain. 
pronapt, and fuil protection to the rights of' property of' the 
citizens of every State and 'Cerritory ot- the United States, 
and insure the equafity or the States, and the equal rights of 
all the citizens aioresaid, under the Federal Constitution. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator 
from Kentucky ask for the present consideration 
of the rcsoiutton ? 
Mr. POWELL. No, sir; 
let it lie over. 
The VICE PRESI DEN'I'. 
It will lie over. 
Mr. BIGLER, (after a pause.) As there 
before the House a communication submitting to 
Congress, in obedience to tho twentieth section of 
the act entitled An act legalizino and making 
appropriations for such necessary objects as have 
usually been included in the general appropria- 
tion bills without authority of law, and to fix and 
provide for certain incidental expenses of the 
Departments and offcers of the Government, and 
for other purposes," 
approved the 26th of Au- 
gust, 1842, and the act making appropriationsf01' 
the civil and diploma-tic expenses of the Govern- 
mentforthe year 1836, (section two,) the followincr 
statements; which were laid upon the table, and 
ordered to be printed: 
A statement showing the manner in which the 
fund for the contingent expenses of the Depart- 
ment of State has been expended, so far as the 
disbursements have been made by the disbursing 
clerk of the- Department, during the fiscal year 
ending on the 30th June, 1860; 
A statement of the balance of the same appro- 
priation remaining in the T teasury on the 30th 
June, 1860, and in the hands of the disbursing 
clerk ; 
A precise and analytical statementofall moneys 
disbursed by the disbursing clerk of the Depart- 
ment during the fiscal year ending on the 30th of 
June, 1860; 
A statement of disbursements from the fund for 
the contiwent expensesof foreiøn intercourse for 
the year ending on the 30th November, 1860; 
A statement of the contingent expenses of for- 
eion intercourse from the 1st of December, 1859, 
to the 30th of November, 1860, other than those 
paid by the agent of the Department of State, as 
stated by the Fifth Auditor; 
A statement of the contingent expenses of ali 
the missions abroad during the fiscal year ending 
30th June, 1860, as stated by the, Fifth Auditor; 
A statement of the contingent expenses of the 
Department of State during the fiscal year ending 
30th June, 1860, other than those paid by the dis- 
I bursing clerk of the Department, as stated by the 
Fifth Auditor. 
Tl'he SPEAKER also laid befbre the House a 
communication from the Secretary of the Inte- 
rior, a report of a special agent, Mr. 
Pritchette; which was referred t.o the Committee 
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0fWisconsin•. 'l'hecom- 
munication just presented is a report of a special 
acrent sent out to Wisconsin to investigate certain 
Indian frauds. At the last session, an order was 
made for the publication of the report whenever 
it should come in; and also for the publication of 
the report of the attorney who was employed by 
the Indians. I ask that this latter report may be 
I printed with the report of the Secretarv. 
No objection being made, an order to that effect 
was accordinglv entered. 
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a 
communication from the Secretary of War, in 
answer to a resolution of the 16th of April, 1860, 
, relative to removing obstructions in the mouth of 
the Mississippi river; which was referred to the 
I Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be 
printed. 
PRINTING OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE, ETC. 
Mr. MAYNARD. It has been usual at each 
session to print the President's messace and the 
reports of the heads of the Departments in pam- 
phlet form för the convenience of members. Ibe- 
' lieve that order has not been made at the present 
session. I move now that one copy be printed 
in that forrn for each mernber. 
The SPEAKER. Themotion be referred, 
under the rule, to the Committee on Printing. 
Mr. PHELPS. we do not a report 
'I'his is merely 
from the Committee on Printing. 
seems to• be no business before the Senate, I 
move that the Senate dö now adjourn. 
The n'101i0E1 was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
TIIURSDAY, December 6,Ä860. 
The House met at twelW6'clock, m. Prayer i 
by the Chaplain 'INHOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
FitheJournalo este rday was read and approved. I 
EXECü YE- COMMUNICATIONS. 
The unanimous consent, laid il 
a proposition to print the President's messace and 
the reports of the heads of the various Depart- 
ments in pamphlet form, for our convenience, 
one copy for each xnember. 
Mr. SHERMAN. This matter is not usually 
referred to the Committee on Printing. It is only 
propositions for extra copies that are referred to 
that committee. 
Mr. MAYNARD. It ought to be done 
prom ptl y. 
Mr. PHELPS. This is not a proposition to 
print extra copies. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that 
these are extfa coriiés. 
already been ordered to be printed, »nd;.as the 
Chair understa•nds the gentleman 'from Tennése 
see, he desires the printing of exti'a Copies: 
Mr:gL Y NARD. No, air; not, extra 
but on one. copy •for each membe+ (of *the t-n•eSé 
sage a d reports of the heads of the Depar&mevp,: 
printed in pamphlet form. 
Mr. SPINNER. They are published' as 
matter of coucse, and go to the document-rogn„e 
where each member can get a copy. 
Mr. MAYNARD. Not as a matter. ofcourse, 
Mr. SPINNER. Yes, sir; matter of? 
course. 
Mr. MAYNARD. At the commencement of 
the Thirty-Fifth• Congress a. similaq motion 
made by Governor Banks, of MassachuseEtsrthen 
a member of the House; but no such motion NAN • 
made at the last session, and I was-unable toget 
a copy. I hope there will be no objection-tom.y 
motion. 
The SPEAKE(Z. If there beano 
iVill be considered as the order Of the House. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 do not know 
authority to make such an order. 
I do not think 
it has been usual to make ithere_tofore. -I do not. 
remernber any such motion, having been made in' 
this House. 
The SPEAKER, It can only be done by unan- 
imous consent. 
Mr. BURNETT. As was remarked by the 
gentleman from New York, [Mr. SPINNER,] each 
member is entitled to a copy of these documents. 
The SPEAKER. Is any objection- made to 
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee ? 
Mr. BURNETT. Certainly; 1 have been 
making objection all the time., 
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the. 
motion cannot be received: 
PERPETUITY or THE UNION. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The House •will 
remember that on Tuesday I endeavored to ihti•ö-- 
duce a resolution in reference to the perpetuity.of 
the Union. Since that effort Was made,' I' have 
been called on -by various members to present the 
resolütion again; and how give notice to the 
Hotise, that all members may have an opportu- 
nity of voting on it, that on rMonday next I shali 
again offer that resolution, and move for a Sug- 
pension of the rules. 
• PACIFIC RAILROAD. 
Mr. DAVIS, oflndiana. 1 ask leave to have 
printed an amendment, in the nature ofa substi- 
tute, which I shall propose to the?acific railroad 
bill when it comes up for consideration. 
Leave was granted for the printing of the amend- 
men t. 
ADJOURNMENT OVER. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 move that when the *louse 
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday 
next. 
The motion was agreed to. 
• THE FRANKING PRIVILEG%. 
Mr. VALLANDiGHAM. Mr. Speaker, at 
the last session I reported back from the selegt 
committee on the franking privilege Senate bill 
(No. 35) to abolish the franking privilege, reserV- 
ing the right o? filing a written report and propos- 
I now ask leavc to present 
ilp amendments. 
from that select committee a report in writing, 
and amendments to the Senate bill. An order to 
print the report and amendments was made at the 
last session. 
Is the bill in- 
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 
cluded in the order to print? 
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; the bill will be 
printed as well as the report and amendments. 
NEWSPAPERS FOR MEMBERS. 
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. 1 ask leave 
to offer the following resolution: 
Resolved, 'I'hat the Clerk of this House furnish the métn• 
bers of the present Congress the same number of daily 
newspapers furnished the last Congress, and on the same 
terms. 
Mr. BURNETT. That resolution is not. a 
privileged resolution, and it can only come in by 
general consent. 
The SPEAKER. The res- 
olution is quite unnecessary, The a.rdér made at 
the commencement of the last session applied, to 
the whole Congress. 
