GONGRESSLONAL GLOBE. 
December 6, 
•ANIiÉRSON, Of Kentucky. I was not were passed, much of the land subject to entry had 
actually been taken up by settlers-and cultivators 
dfthüt 
at twelve and a half cents -per acre; but nevenhe- 
SPEARER proceeded, ther u- 
less, the Department require them to pay $2 50 
•oi•der Öf_ buSih"éS$_, to -call committee for I 
. per acre. They hold that, according to their con- 
reports. 
struction of.the word " minimum, " they cannotdo 
PRICE: OR, PUmå1C. LANDS. 
anything else. It will be seen from the letter of 
the Secretary of the Interior, which I shall ask to 
Mn COBB.- Mr. Speaker, •I desire to make a 
report' from the Committee On Public Lands, and I havc read, that the Department thc in- 
Ftrti±t- die Ht.ju•se Will apt updri it at once, in justice • of their own construction, while at the 
same time they fcel obliced to hold to that con- 
o.Éåer -to i•élie-fe anei•itorious class of our citi- 
zens, I reporé back a-bilk which' was refert•cd to struction. They therefore recommend the pas- 
the; committee IOSt.session , with substitute, and 
ifra;ithe subStitutebe passed. Before ( make 
any remarks on the measure which I propose to 
have either passed or rejected now, 
ask that'letters from "the Commissioner of 
thecLand Offce and' the Seeretary of thé Interior 
Stating very emrihatica)ly that the bill is 
right and proper, and ought 'to be passed. After 
ttrißéeletters liave been read, I will state the sub- 
stance of the bill, and I trust every fair-minded 
member Of the House will agree that it Shall be 
passed immediately. Reliefshquld be granted to 
citizens, and particularly at this time—not 
ohJy in connection -with the public lands, but in 
couneetion with every other department of the 
I ask tar the reading of the bill. 
GO véi•nment. 
The bili- (H. R. No. 50) to cons_true the min- 
imitm pr.ice of the publie [unds was read. It pro- 
vides that, the words minimu!XA price of the pub- 
construed to mean -the lowest 
aid Said construction shall apply 
sections of public lands 
heretofore reSet'+éd• by virtue of any grants made 
to the States«ir Territories for raili•oad purposes. 
Mr. COBB. The' Secretary of the Interior 
thillks that that bill is too indefinite, and he has 
prepared one that he says will carry out the 01)- 
Ject, and can be easily understood, not only by 
the Department, but by everybody clse. 
been. unanimously ordered by the Committcc on 
Public Lands to report it as a substitute for the 
ask that it be read. 
The Clerk •read the substitute. It provides that 
the tbltcrnate sections reserved to the United States, 
alOiig the hnes of railroads or other internal im- 
provements to aid in the construction of which 
granis Of lands have been made by Congress, 
Biiall, after. the same have been offered at public 
Balé •under existing be subject to entry ac- 
cording to the provisions of the aet of Congress 
approved August 4; 1854; entitled ' 'An to grad- 
ugte gnd reduce; the price of the public lands to 
actual settlers and cyltivators, at double the price 
at which- the lands were liable to entry under said 
act at the time they. were withheld from sale, with 
a view to the adjustment of said grants respect- 
Mr. COBB. 1. hope to be permitted, Mr. 
Speaker, to say a few words now in regard to 
this bill, although I do not much feél like speak- 
ing, for tliere are other questions of more import- 
•ance occu "Ying the public mind at this time. 
Mr. Hk WKINS. Is this debate in order? 
sage of the bill that has just been read, so as to 
enable them to construc the word " minimum" as 
meaning the price at which the lands were held 
[s not that right? 
whene the grants '.vere made. 
am sure that every member who hears me will 
admit that it is just and right. It isin accordance 
with the spirit of the grant. The object •was to 
increase the price of the alternate sections to double 
that at which they were held at the time of the 
passage of the bill. This bili proposes nothing 
If the lands were held then at 
more than that* 
#1 25 per acre, the price. should bc 50; if they 
were held at seventy-five cents, the price should 
be $1 50; if they were held at twenty-five cents, 
the price should be fifty cents; and if they were 
held at twelve and a half cents, the price should 
Is not that fair? Would 
be twenty-five cents. 
it be fair, I ask, to charge actual Settlers and cul- 
tivators more than double the price at which the 
lands could havc been entered at tl'10 time tho bills 
, were passed? The Government will have lost 
nothing by giving the construction which this bill 
It will have got as much for half the 
proposes. 
land as it would havc got for the whole of it if the 
grants had not been made. But if you charge 
$2 50 an acre for land which could have been 
entered at twelve and a half cents, you do the set- 
tlet•s injustice. The graduation bill only relates 
to actuul settlers, or to unen who luay have lands 
adjoining those swamp lands. Its benefits are not 
extended to speculators. Therefore the relief 
asked now is for the benefit of actual settlers and 
cultivators; and of course there can be no objec- 
tion to the passage of this bill. At least I trust 
there will not be. 
Now, I trust that I have said enough to show 
that there is no desire on the part of the Interior 
Department to act unfairly toward the actual set- 
tlers. The Government will still get double the 
price at which the land was held when the grant 
was made. Further, Mr. Speaker, the land grant 
bills themselves provide that the lands shali be 
offered for sale at $2 50 per acre, and if not sold 
at that price, that they shall come under the pro- 
visions of the law which I have now explained. 
I trust that this bill will pass by acclamation. 
Let us do something for the good of the country, 
whether it may prove effective or not. 
Mr. BRANCH. I wish to make a remark in 
relation to this bill. 
Mr. COBB. I ask that the letter of the Secre- 
tary of the interior may be read; and then I will 
yield to thc gentleman from North Carolina if he 
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that will move the previous question. 
I do not wish 
to occu y the time of the House. 
Mr. COBB. {Rhe object of the bill is to relieve 
the- country from R decision of the Department. 
W lieu: bills were passed by Congress making 
grantis of public land for railroad purposes, the 
word " nuinninm was used. It was thought 
by the Committee on Public Lands, when they 
reported these bills, that the word Ininimum 
meant tlic leastorlowestprice.. That question was 
•sdbmitted to the comnuitee, and it was decided by 
ei"ht out of thc ninc members it that that was 
thé' meaning of the term. The Interior Depart- 
anent, however, hold that the word " minimum ' 
meanS $1 25 per acre. The Committee on Pub- I 
lic Lands did not so regard it. They regarded iL 
as meaning this: that the public lands within six 
miles of the railroad shoulß be sold at double the 
price at which the lands were held at the time I 
Mr. BRANCH. 
I do not fell inclined to calf 
the previous question on this bill. 
I am not in 
the habit of calling the previous question. But 
when have made the few remarks which I pro- 
pose to make, I will yield the floor to the gentle- 
man from Alabama. 
Mr. COBB. very well. Let the letter of the 
Secretary of the Interior be read; and then I v,'ill 
yield to the gentleman from North Carolina. 
The letter was read, as follows: 
DEPARTMENT op THE INTERIOR, ..apri! 5. 1830. 
SIR : As requested by your letteE' ot• the 3d instant, re- 
ceived here on the 4th, I have the honor to inclose the 
The original bill No. 50, which is herewith returned, is 
objectionable, in- opinion, as proposing changes in ex- 
isting laws, which would . render their construction vacue 
and uncertain; and as being likely to have an effect, in the 
future, in particular cases, (vhich cannot now be foreseen. 
Very respectfully, your obedient servant, 
J. 'I'UOMPSON, Secretary. 
Ron. W. R. W. Conn, House 0ßRepresentatives. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 feel very little inclination, 
Mr. Speaker, to engage in the discussion of this 
or similar bills at this time. There ares undoubt- 
cdly, vastly more important -questions that are 
occupying the thoughts of at least most of the 
members on this floor; and it really looks to me 
—and / say it with all respect—very much like 
wrangling among ourselves as to who' shall have 
the privilege of gathering the old nails Out of the 
ashes and cinders after the house has been de- 
therefore, that the gentleman 
stroyed. I wish, 
from Alabama had withheld this bill; and I wish 
that all bills of a similar character could be with- 
held for the present, in order that the House may 
give its attention to those much more important 
Questions that the honorable gentleman has al- 
luded to. 
Mr. COBB. God knows, Mr. Speaker, 
am ready and willing to give way for the consid- 
I am ready to 
eration of those grave questions. 
sacrifice everythincr that possess for such a pur- 
pose. Is not that enough? White other questions 
arc not pending, my constituents demand that I 
shall do my duty. That duty I am endeavorino• 
I can assure the gentleman from 
to discharge. 
North Carolina that what my duty dictates that 
I will promptly do. In the absence of more im- 
I portant matters, I press thc pending bill, as I deem 
ought to. 
Mr. BRANCH. of course meant to cast no 
reflection upon the honorable gentleman from 
Alabama. 
Mr. COBB. I am sure of it; I know thc gen- 
tleman to be incapable of any such thing. 
I Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, 
remember, 
when the bills granting alternate sections of the 
public land for railroad purposes were pending, 
and about to be acted on, that the question pre- 
sented by the gentleman from Alabama occurred 
to the minds of a great manv members of this 
House. We were told thatthé Government really 
lost nothing by granting alternate sections for 
railroad purposes, because, in every instance, the 
bill making the grant doubled the price of the 
remainin«y sections so that the Government would 
thus get as much money for the alternate sections 
as both sections would have brouvht before the 
passage of the bills. I remember, sir, myself to 
have made the inquiry as to what the word niini- 
mum meant—whether the alternate sections were 
to be sold at $2 50 per acre, or only at double the 
graduated price of' the land; and in every instance 
was assured by the friends of the bills, and 
have assured others, that $2 50 was the price. per 
acre that would be demanded for the reserved 
sections. Those bills, sir, were passed under 
those assurances. They have become laws with 
the knowledge on the part of members of this 
House that if they were not subsequently altered 
the reserved sections would bring as much money 
as both sections would have brought if the laws 
had not been enacted. After the railroad com- 
panies have obtained one half of the land it is now 
proposed that the Government shall be deprived 
of the advantage. which was stipulated should 
accrue to it in 
having doubled the price of the 
rcscrved sections. 
shall not cnter into any discussion of the qucs- 
tion, whether the pending bill, 
in this regard, is 
I do not inyself think that it is. 
n•oper or not. 
I do not feel inclined to argue the question with 
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. COBß.] I only 
wish to call the attentio'n of the House to the fact 
dratt 01' a substitute fin• House bilt No. 50, to construe the E 
words "minimum price of the public Bv the pro_ that this bili is simply. intended to chanæe the 
visions of the graduation act of August 4, priee policy which has been adopted by Congress in 
of the public lands 'vas reduced in Favor or actÜal settlers reference to the alternate sections of land; in case 
the grantmwerc made. The Interior Department, 
however, construe the word " minimum 
metin 25 per acro. Therefore, they feel com- 
pelied to put up all (be alternate reserved sections 
within six Irües of the ro.ad at $2 50 per acre. 
Now, the injustice of that decision consists ill 
this: much of the land within six nrikes of the 
line had been held at graduation prices—some of 
it-at tweiity-five cents an acre, and some as low 
a half cents. At the time 'be bills 
and cultivators, but it tcnmined uniiörm, at $1 25 per acre, 
to all other purchasers. 
'I'hat law was liniited, so as not 
to extend to reserved to the United States in acts 
granting lands to States Cor r•aiiroads or other internal im- 
provernents and. as a anattcr ofiustico, tun of the 0fnn- 
i ion that actual .and cutuvators may properly be 
i relieved from that to the extent of aliowing 
them, after (lie lands haye .5een offered at public sale, to 
obtain t.hose lands at double •the prices at whie_h they could 
nave purchased then] be{bre the railroad grants were Inade. 
. i 'Elle inclosed substitute ibr the I.)ÅJ has been 
drawn to carry out this poliey ; and have 710 hesitancy in 
recommcnding it to the favora)Zß con.*idsx.gtion of the com- 
of grants of the public land for raiiroad purposes 
—io the fact, sir, that this is a new und a long 
stride in advance of that l')olicy as it was w ben 
ori&inally adopted, ano as it has stood ever sinæ 
it was first recommended to the country. Now, 
for the firs! rime, we are told that the Government 
is to lose I-noncy by ibpqperation—that we are 
l} not to get as much for the sections as we 
would have got for both sections ore the grants 
were madee 
Mr. COBB. I know Fiernt•tifrom North 
