CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
December 10, 
P. BROWN. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. act for the re- 
lief'0f John P. Brown (a Senate bili) was, at the 
last. session, sent to the House of Representatives 
and 'returned from the House at the request of 
It.' Will' lie on the tab'le for the pres- 
the Senate. 
ent, if bé made. 
Mr. MASON subsequently said: move that 
the bill for the relief of John P. Brown bé taken 
upfor consideFatiöh, with a view to refer it to the 
Committee on Foreign Relations. 
The motion was agreed to', and the bill (S. No. 
271) for-the:relief of John P. Brown was referred 
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
FRANKING PRIVILEGE. 
Mr. POWELL gave notice of his intention to 
ask-leave to introduce a bill to abolish the frank- 
ing privilege. 
MESSAGE FROM TliE nousE. 
A message from the I-louse of Representatives, 
by Mr. -P. BARRY HAYES, Chief Clerk, announced 
that the House had passed the following bills, 
in which the concurrence of thc Senate was re- 
quested: 
A bill (No. 50) to construe the word mini- 
mum" price of the public lands, and for other 
purposes; 
A bill (No. 861) makingappropriations for the 
payment of invalid and other pensions of the 
United. States- for the year ending the 30th of 
June, 1862; and 
A bill (No. 862) making appropriations for the 
support of the Military Academy for the year 
ending the 30th of June, 1862. 
PRINTING or DOCUMENTS. 
The message further announced t.hat the House 
had ordered the printing of the following docu- 
men : 
The annual report of the Secrctary of thc 
Treasury on the state ot• the finances—ordered 
on thc.51h instant, at t'.vclve o'clock and ten min- 
utes. 
The annual statement of the contmtrcnt ex- 
penses of the Department of the In t.erior—ordered 
On the 5th instant, at twelve o'clock and ten min- 
Report of the Secretary of War, showing the 
action of the War Department in the execution of 
the act of February 8, 1856, providing for the re- 
mOv.a-l Of-obstructions to navigation in the mouth 
the •Mississippi river, (it thc Southwest Pass 
and Pass 'Oütre—ordcred on the (3th instant, at 
iWelve o'clock and twelve minutes. 
Letter from the Secretary of' State, communi- 
eating the annual. statement of the contingent ex- 
of that Department—ordered on the 6th 
Instant, at twelve o'clock and eighteen minutes. 
Letter from the Secretary of the Interior, com- 
municating thc report of Mr. Pritchetle in the 
case of A. D. Boncsteel, United States agent for 
thc Menomonee. Indians—ordered on the- in- 
star,t, at twelve o'clock and nineteen minutes. 
Message from the Prcsident of United 
States, communicating a report from the Sccrc- 
tary of' State, concerning the African slave trade— 
ordered on the 6th instant, at one o'clock and 
twenty-nine minutes. 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, move that 
the resolution which I håd thc honor to present 
a few dys ago, be taken up foi• action. 
The motion-was agreed to; and the Senate pro- 
boedk)d 'to the consideration.of the fohöwing reso- 
lution, submitted by Mr. POWELL on the 6th in- 
stanü 
ResÖb•ed, That so much Of the President's message as 
relates to. the present agitated and distracted condition of 
the country, and the grievances between the slaveholding 
and the non-slaveholding States, be referred to a special 
eoinmkttec of thirteen Incmbers, and that said committee 
be instructed to inquire whether any additional legislation, 
within the spherc of the Federal authority and duty, be 
necessary for the protection and security ot• property in the 
States and Territories of the United States; and if so, that 
they report by bill. And that said committee be also 
instructed to consider and •rcport upon the expediency of 
proposinr such an amend:nent or amendments to the Con- 
stitution of the United States as may be-necessary to give 
certain, prompt, and full protection to: the. rights of prop- 
erty ot' the citizens of every State and Territory of the 
United States, and insure the equality of the Statésjand 
the equal rights of all the citizens aiöresaid, under the 
Federal Constitution. 
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, the object of 
the resolution under consideration is to initiate 
measures -to save the country frorn its present 
perilous condition; to avert, if possible, a dis- 
harmony, happiness, and security, to a distracted 
and divided people. Events arce rapidly crowd- 
ing upon us which, if not arrested, will speedily 
overthrow the Government. The mere anticipa- 
tion. of these sad and melancholy results have 
already caused distrust, alarm, and ruin, in many 
parts of the country. 
For the first time in the history of our country 
we •are in the midst of a fearful commercial and 
financial revulsion, now rapidly approaching a 
most alarming and disastrous crisis, which will 
reduce thousands upon thousands of our people 
to want, bankruptcy, and ruin; which has been 
guch is the 
• produced alone by political causes. 
disease in the body-politic that it requires prompt 
and effcient remedies. Delay in a crisis like this 
is equivalent to destruction. The remedy must 
bc promptly and quickly applied, or all hope of 
preserving a constitutional Union will be lost. 
Five of the States of this Confederacy, acting upon 
the avowal that there is no hopc or expectation 
of security for their equality of rights within the 
Union, haveiaitiated measures, which are rapidly 
tending to consummation, to form a separate Con- 
federacy; and three or four other States are pre- 
paring to follow them in the event they should 
secede. 
The resolution proposes to refer So much of the 
President's message as relates to the present agi- 
tated and distracted condition of the country, and 
the grievances between the slaveholding and non- 
slaveholding States, to a committee of thirteen 
Senators, with instructions to inquire whether any 
additional legislation within the sphere of Federal 
authority be necessary for the protection and se- 
curity of the property of the citizen in the States 
and Territories of the United States; and if so, 
to report by bin: and also, to consider and report 
upon theexpediency of proposing such an amend- 
ment or amendments to the Constitution of the 
United States as may bc necessary to give certain, 
prompt, and full protection to thc rights of prop- 
erty of the citizens of every State and Terrilorv 
of the United States, and insure the equality df 
States and the equal rights of tall the citizens afore- 
said under thc Federal Constitution. 
I do not believe that any legislation would be a 
remedy for the disease. Legislation, in my judg- 
ment, will not restore harmony or give just hopes 
of security to the people of these distracted States; 
it would at best be a palliative. That palliative, 
if within our power, we should promptly admin- 
ister; it would be an earnest of what we will do, 
and would indicate to- the country a temper and 
disposition on the part of Senators and Repre- 
scntauves that would cause the people of this vast 
country, who are anxiously looking to this Cap- 
itol, to hope and believe. that remedies wduld be 
speedily applied that wouid restore harmony, I 
peace, and pcrmanent security, to the people of 
every section of the country. Unequivocal con- 
stitutional guarantees upon- the points indicated 
in the resolution under consideration are, in my 
judgment, the only remedies that will reach and 
eradicate the disease, give permanent security, 
and restore harmony, concord, and fraternal feel- 
ing, between the people North and South, and save 
the Union from speedy dissolution. 
bvery Senator must see the necessity of prompt 
action. If something is not done to avert it, In 
less than thirty days, in all human probability, 
some of the States will have withdrawn from the 
Union. 
Senators, every impulse of honor, duty, and 
patriotism, demands that we, without delay, ex- 
haustevery constitutional means within our power 
to restore harmony and quiet to the country, and I 
prescrve a wise and just constitutional Union. i 
Our Government, if administered in the spirit and 
genius oftbe Constitution given us by our fathers, 
IS the best Governmentcver devised by man; and 
it should bc the governing motive of every patriot 
to preserve it, and labor to have the Constitution 
executed as it is. There is no rational liberty 
save in the supremacy of the laws. If experience 
I points out defects in the organic law, let us give 
our best energies to its perfection, instead of de- 
siring its destruction. jt cost our patriot fathers 
much toil, bloöd, and treasure, to form this Gov- 
ernment. It was not easily or quickly-done. It 
memberment of the Union, and restore peace, perfecting of the Government, which was at first 
required the most devoted patriotism and the- 
grcotest wisdom to accomplish it. Our wise 
ancestors devoted themselves assiduously to 
necessarily very dcfective. They first resorted 
to what hos been aptly called the revolutionary 
Government, Which existed from ahe meeting of 
the first continental Congress until the finzü rati- 
fication of the Articles of Confederation—a period 
of about seven years. 'I'h•e Governmen-t under 
the Articles of Confederation lasted about eight 
years, when it. was superseded by the present 
It was found that the Constitution 
Constitu t.ioo. 
defective, and required amendment. At the 
first session of the First Congress after the adop- 
tion of the Constitution, twelve amendments Weie 
proposed to the Constitution, tcn of which we-rc 
ratified by three fourths of the States, and became 
part of the Constitution. In 1794 the eleventh 
amendment was proposed by Congress,and subse- 
quently ratified by the States. hi 1803,the twelfth 
amendment was proposed by Congress, and after- 
wards ratified by the requisite number of States, 
and became part of the Constitution. Every 
amendment made to the Constitution was made 
in the manner now proposed. 
Let us follow the worthy example of the noble 
patriots who have gone before us.' When the coun- 
try was imperiled, and surröiinded _by-dangers 
that threatened its ruin, they never thought of a 
disruption of the Governmentasa re'medy. They 
went to work like sensible and patriotic men, to 
remedy the evils by providing additional securi- 
ties—by perfeczirw the Government; first, by the 
Articles of Confe&eration; then, by the adoption 
of the present Constitution; and at three different 
times amending it in such manner as to meet the 
exi&encics ot the times, and give more ample se- 
curity to the people in their persons, property, 
and religion, and curing such defects tis experi- 
once had pointed out. That is our duty to-day. 
Let us never despair of the Republic; but go to 
work promptly, and so amend the Constitution 
as to give prompt, certain, and full guaranteesto 
the rights of cvery citizen in every State and Ter- 
ritory of the Union. Unless we proceed to this 
wrork without delay, and exhaust every teffort to 
accomplish it, wc will not have discharged the 
duty we owe to ourselves, our country, and those 
who are to come after us. Let us employ consti- 
tutional remedies for the correction of the evils 
by which we are environed, and to avert thedan- 
gers that threaten to ingulf us in inevitable ruin- 
Unless we exhaust every means within our reach 
to preserve and perfect the Constitution, and save 
our common country, we will be degenerate sons 
of the noblest sires the world -ever saw. 
Mr. President, I trust the resolution will pass 
unanimously, and that the committee may be 
composed of the ablest and most experienced 
Senators, rcpreScnting _every political party 'and 
every section of the country; and 'thåt they may 
make a repon which will - receive our sanction 
and the approval of those ',ve represent', and thus 
restore unity, quiet, and security, to distracted 
and divided people. Such an event would cheer 
and make glad the hearts of the lovers of consti- 
tutional liberty throughout the world. 
I have intentionally forborne to enter into any 
discussion of the,causes that have led to the un- 
fortunate state of affai7s by which we are sur- 
rounded, for the reason that it would be mani- 
festly improper at this time. We should indulge 
in no crimination or recrimination in a crisis like 
this. Let us, if possible, rescue the country 
from impending ruin. It will -require all of our 
forbearance, patriotism, and abilitv, to accomplish 
this, the most desirable of all earihly objects to a 
patriotic heart. I have not stated specific amend* 
ments to the Constitution, believing it best to 
leave that for the consideration of the committee 
contemplated' by the resolution. 
Mr. Prcsident, I have briefly stated the -object 
of the resolution. I have no further remark to 
make, until the committee, if it- should be the 
pleasure of the Senate to pass -the resolution; 
shall report. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I am not one of 
those who despair of the Republic; I believe we 
shall go safely through this- crisis, as we have 
passed through many others that in my period of 
time have been said to exist. I should have pre- 
ferred H proposition, to refer this. subject to a 
standing committee, and that we should go foi••- 
