1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
ward in the regular course of our business; but I 
have no particular iöeling or choice about it, and 
shall make no question on a point of that kind. 
I propose to offer some amendinents to the 
resolution, whicb I presume the Senator from 
Kentucky will be willing to accept. I propose to 
insert next after the word necessary," where 
that word first occurs in the resolution, the words 
to maintain the constitutional power of the Fed- 
and next after the word 
eral Government, or;" 
" security," to insert the words " of pcrson or;" 
and nextafterthe word " rights," where that word 
first occurs, to insert the words " of person and." 
Mr. YULEE. Read -the resolution as it will 
be if it be so amended. 
'I'he Secretary read the amendments. 
Mr. HALE. Let whole resolution be read 
as it will bc when amended as proposed. 
The Secretary read the resolution as proposed 
to be amended, as follows: 
Resolved, That so much of the President's message as 
relates to the present agitated and distracted condition of 
the country, and the grievances between the slaveholding 
and the non .slaveholding States, be reterrc& to a special 
cotnnrittce ot thirteen Inernbers ; and that said com:nittee 
be instructed to inquirc whether any additional legislation, 
within the sphere of Federal authority and duty, lic neces- 
sary to ntaintain the constitutional power of the Federal 
Governrnent, or for the protection and security ot• person 
or property in thc States and Territories of thc United 
States; and if so, that they report by bill. And that said 
cornutittee be also-instructed to consider and report upon 
the expediency of proposing such an amendrncntor arnend. 
Ineut•s to the Constitution of the Uuited States as Enay ['e 
necessary to wive certain, protnpt, and full protection to 
the rights of person aud of property of thc citizens of every 
State and 'Perritory of the, United Statcs, and insure the 
equality of the States, and the equal rights of' all une citi- 
zens afOresaid, under the.FQderaI Const.itution. 
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to call the atten- 
tion of the Senator from Kentucky to the pro- 
pricty of striking out of the resolution all about 
the condition of the country and the rights of 
property, and simply i•efer that part of tho mes- 
saffe which relates to the stage of the Union, to a 
special committee. 
Mr. YULEE. I would ask the Senator from 
Ncw York to explain the purpose of the amend- 
ments he proposes. 
Mr. KING. As intimated, I doubted whether 
there was very good reason for raising this com- 
mittee at all; but if there be a fitness in it, I do I 
not desiFe to limit the inquiry. We hear a great 
dcal of disturbance and diffculty and disaffect.ion 
to tbc Union. The President's message indicates 
to us a diffculty in the enforcement of the laws, 
and speaks of devices by which the legitimate 
and constitutional power of the Governtnent is 
If there is to be any inquiry at 
to be exercised. 
all, it is a very proper subject of inqun•y whether 
there be any additional legislation necessary to 
maintain its constitutional power, which trust— 
indeed—that every good citizen 
which i know, 
desires to see fully sustained and exercised. T hc 
other amendments direct the attention of the com- 
mittec to the security of persons as well as of 
property. YVe hcar occasionally of a mob de- 
stroying property, and we also hear occasionally 
think 
of a mob which assails an individual. 
the security of person is as important as that of 
property; and I would therefore extend the in- 
quirv to all these objects, if it be made at all. 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, 1 to vote 
foi• this resolution, whether it be one way or the 
I do not dee1Yi it to be material whether 
other. 
the amendments arc adopted or rejected. 'I'his 
is a very critical period in our country's history, 
and I think every effort, fairand honorable, that 
ances, whether they be real or imaginary. It 
frequently occurs, in the course of human events, 
when the passions are excited and the judgment 
swayed, that we must make some concessions 
even where a proper sense and a proper judgment 
would say no real grievance exists. I do not 
intend to pronounce judgment, and say that this 
is one of those events; but I will say this: there 
is an excitement and embittered feeling which, 
without being allayed, will prove the death-knell 
of the. Union. 
Shall we then stop and permit these conse- 
quences to follow without making a little effort, 
Union? And when I say the Union, I mean the 
Union of the Constituüon. I do not mean a mere 
association or a conglomeration of States; but I 
mean that old constitutional Union under which 
we have prospered, - and under whiph we can 
continue to prosper in the future. 
This committee may fail ill its good offces. I 
there are desponding minds and desponding 
hearts who look upon it as a futile effort. hope 
I know there are excited 
they arc mistaken. 
passions in the extreme South ready to close their 
1 hope that they, too, 
ears against all appeals. 
will pause and reflect.until we have had an oppor- 
tunity to consider, to compare notes, to reason. . 
Surely, in the United States, a republican Gov- 
ernment, the popular intelligence IS to be repre- 
sented by an equality of intelligence in the Senate 
and in the House of Representatives. Surely we 
will not precipitately hurry over the precipice, and 
fall into the yawning gulf, without an effort to 
reason together, to pause a moment, to reflect. 
and see if something may not be done. That 
suffcient cause to irritate exists, I admit. I will 
not attribute it to the one nor the other. I shall 
not say the fault is upon the one side or the other. 
It will be time enough for that when the commit- 
tee investigates and proposes the remedy. 
My main purpose,- however, in seconding this 
resolution, and in saying that I intend to support 
it, is to indicate a line of policy which I briefly 
suggested in a resolution which now lies on your 
table. It is this: amendments to the Constitution, 
or legal enactments, unless the popular sentiment 
goes with them, or the strong arm of the Govern- 
ment goes with them, are not worth a straw. To 
talk about amendments to the Constitution while 
a vitiated and corrupted state of public sentiment 
prevails, North and South, or either, will amount 
to nothing. Hence I say there must be efforts 
brought to bear on the public sentiment, to correct 
what is wrono- in that; or the last alternative: 
you must arm the Federal Government with 
physical power to enforce the Constitution every- 
where. These are but the two peaceable means. 
I would not snap my finger for an amendment to 
the Constitution, except so far as it indicates pub- 
would not snap my finger för a 
lic sentiment. 
legal enactment, except so far as it indicates pub• 
lic sentiment—I mean on the part of the States. 
But when we come to enforce the Federal Consti- 
tution , you must arm the Federal Government with 
I hope I shall not be met with 
power to do it. 
the plea that you will build up a central despotism. 
f would rather have a despotism than anarchy. 
Within the lililits of the existing Constitution 
there can be no despotism. To the extent that 
the power is conferred by the present Constitu- 
tion, there can be no wrong in exercising the 
power of Congress, in arrning the Executive, in 
arming other public functionaries, and in arming 
States, with power to enforce and maintain con- 
stitutional rights. A repeal of those nullifying 
laws of the North would not amount to a straw, 
uilcss that repeal comes in consequence of a 
change of public sentiment. A change of the 
Federal Constitution, especially guarantying 
every point named in this resolution, will not 
wcigh a feather unless it comes as evidence of the 
sentiment of the people. 
There are but two modes of governing any 
country: one is by common consent and an •ap- 
proved and enlightened public judgment; the other 
is power—physical force. I propose, in the reso- 
lution which I submitted, to employ adequate 
physical force to maintain existing constitutional 
I do not want any additional constitu- 
tional rights. As a matter of course I shall never 
be a stumbling-block in the way of any reason- 
able adjustment, and I will forego my own opin- 
ions arid yield to those of my fellow-citizens and 
fellow-Senators who surround me, for the sake of 
peace and harmony and security; but I have no 
If we will enforce the -l 
feeling of confidence in it. 
1 call 
Constitution as it is, we have got enough. 
upon the Secretary to read my resolution, if he 
pleases. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
Resoined, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in- 
structed to inquire into the propriety of providing by law 
for establishing an arrned police force at all necessary points 
aiong Ehe line separating the slaveholding States from the 
non-siaveholding States, for the purpose of maintaining the 
general peace between those States, of preventing the in- 
vasion of one State by citizens of another, and also for the 
eficient execution of the fugitive slave laws. 
Mr. GREEN. In drawing that resolution, Mr. 
President, as a matter of course, it was suggest- 
ive. The details and the precise manner in which 
it is to be out, I lave for the committee 
on calm, cool reflection arid deliberation.. , BLit* 
the fugitive slave -qanriot be 
erally. A repeal of 'the enacted 
by sOme of thé northern States Will not • 
sure its execdtion. But. thei'd -is ghe power: im 
this Government—as it is a. constitutional' Obli-e 
gution, I trust we shall not •say it is too weak'tol: 
enforce and maintain its own 
the emergency. Ai•e we prepared to go tot work, 
and Call out that power, and exercise it in -the ériél< 
forcement of this constitutional right? There is 
not a single Senator on the other fideofihe'Cham-, 
ber, in my opinion, who disputes the right. Thefe 
is not pne upon this side who does not asSért the 
right. When we see that in the attempt 
to enforce it, diffculty is interposed and obsiåéles 
thröwn in the way, what ought we, asa Congress, 
to do but to go to work and provide the necessary 
strength and power in the Government to insure. 
the faithful execution of the laws. And if that be 
done, one of the. great pretended grievances of the 
South, if they be pretended, will be removed'. 
So far as Missouri is concerned, her gfievanée 
is real. ' Raids—I believe has now be- 
come Anglicized—have been •made iritp that Siate 
time and time again. As many- as twelve slaves, 
have' been taken in into the wagons 
of t.heir masters, and marched off with from ten 
to twenty-five horses, and two or three men killed 
to intimidate the immediate neighborhood. A 
force is raised and sent after them. Before it gets 
there, they are all dispersed and gone; and six 
weeks after it is renewed. There IS now a cbn- 
flict on the border of Ibat State. under this same 
Montgomery, whoj I betieve, was a lieutenant 
under John Brown; and we had to send six 
hundred men against him: it will cost Missouri 
$100,000; and yet they cannot cross the border 
If there had been a Federal police placed 
line. 
at proper points along there, our:propell'ty would 
have been protected; our lives would have been 
preserved; our money would have been saved, 
and the peace of the country would have been 
promoted. You can never accomplish it with. 
I? we separate into divided communities, 
out it. 
a northern confederacy and a southern confed- 
cracy, such- a• police will- be necessary; then a 
standing army and forts .and bristling 
and -ponderous_ cannon from one end of -the line 
to the other, costing a thousand times more; while" 
the peace of the country is ddstroyed, and that 
union and concentration of effort that give im- 
petus and progress to a people will all bölost and 
destroyed forever. Give us that peaceable po- 
It may be best to put it under mikitary com- 
lice. 
mand—l do not pretend to say. Imam only throw- 
I am only making the re- 
ing out suggestions. 
mark that the case is nota hopeless one; that, as 
grievous as the wrong is, as unfortunate as our 
circumstances are, there is adequate power yet, 
if we make use of it, to save the Government, 
and redress this wrong. 
On the other branches of the subject I shall 
say nothing at present. I shall wait untii the 
committee reports. But beföre I close, .1 shall 
take the liberty of referring tö the fact that this 
falls appropriately within the dUtj:of the Federal 
Congress. Section four Of article four of the 
Constitution says: 
The United States shall guaranty to every State in 
this Union a republican törm Of government, and shall 
protect each of them against invasion." 
Now, it is not enough to say that Congress can 
provide means to punish the invaders after: thc 
Invasion has been made. Congress has the right 
•to provide the preventive remedy, and an ounce 
of prevention is worth more thanapound Of cure. 
And shall protect each of them against invasion." 
Virginia has been invaded; Missouri has been 
invaded. What has Congress done to protect 
any State against invasion? Nothing, except to 
provide means to punish the invaders after the 
mvasion is over. Keep the peace; prevent in- 
vasion; and the only way to •do 'it is to have an 
armed military power. 
And on application of' the Legislature, or of the-exec- 
utive, (when the •Legislature cannot be coneened,) against 
domestic violence." 
I do not propose to go into that subjecti_ be- 
cause that depends on the application of the •exec- 
utive; but you can prevent invasion. -Then the 
other good result from it will be. this: tthere will 
be a total prevention of the abduction of slaves; 
-there will Be a totäl -prevention:oTrin+ei0DS our 
