28 
declinéd to üccept the amendments of the honor- 
ableSenator from New York ? 
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me, 
I Will- make a statement. In order to avoid au 
discussion on this matter and allow the commit- 
tee to. be free and untrammeled, I •propose to con- 
set-it in substance to 'the suggestion of the Senator 
from Vermont, and-that is •to strike out all after 
the worl " members," and add, " and that said 
committee be instructed to inquire into the pres- 
ent condition of the country, and 'report by bill 
or Otherwise. "c - That makes it as universal as it 
can be, and is, the substance of* the proposition 
of the Senator from Vermont. 
Mr. HAMLIN and others. That is well 
enotigh. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator 
from New York withdraw his amendments ? 
KING. 1 Would mystif; but 1 
suppose they share the fate of the original prop- 
osrtion; that being withdrawn. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senators can 
respectively wit!idraw what they have heretofore 
offered, and submit this. That is the shortest 
way. 
Several SENATORS, (to Mr. KING.) Withdraw 
your amendments. 
Mr. KING. I did not hear what was the cx- 
act pro osition of the Senator from Kentucky. 
Mr. BOWELL. It was to strike out all after 
the ivord members," and insert— 
DOUGLAS and others. Let the resolu- 
tion- be l'eäd as it now stands. 
Mr. POWELL. very well. 
The Secretary read the-resolution as proposed 
to be amended, as follows: 
Resolved, That so much of the President's mcseage as 
relates to the agitated and distracted condition of the coun- 
try, and the grievances between the slaveholding and non- 
slaveholding States, be to u special ccnnmittee of 
thirteen members, and that said corrnnittee be instructed 
to inquire into the present condition of the country, and 
report by bill or otherwise. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, if therc be any- 
thing whatever that ought to be inquired into, In 
my judgment, it is, whether the laws be sufficient 
to enable the Government to maintain itself and 
to enforce its constitutional powers; but I suppose 
that, by parliamentary rule, my amendment alsö 
fails when the original proposition fails. 
I have 
no disposition to embarrass this matter in any 
way; and if no instructions are given, then I 
take it what I have proposed will' be a subject- 
matter fdr 'the consideration of the committee. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition, 
ae ncjw amended, is before the Senate. 
Mr'. FOSTER. I am extremely rejoiced, for 
one, Mr. President—— 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 rise to a point of order. 1 
desire _to know whether there is not a special 
order geta art for to-da at one o'clock. 
The PRESID{NT. The Chair asks 
pardon of the Senate; he observes that the hour 
has passed by a few minutes; and he must call 
the attention of the body to the special order. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. hope we shall pro- 
ceed with the business before us. 
FLORIDA CLAIMS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order 
is the bill (S. No. 230) declaratory of the acts for 
carrying-into effect the ninth article of the treaty 
between the United States and Spain. 
Mr. IVERSON. As neither the Senator from 
Florida [MÉ. MALLORY] nor my colleague, [Mr. 
TOOMBS,] who have taken a very 'dee}i mterest in 
this bill, is present, I move, with the concur- 
rence of the friends of the bill, that it be post- 
potied for one week, and madc the special order 
for Monday next at one o'clock. 
MIE. HALE. 1 do not rise to oppose the mo- 
tiop, but I want to make a-suegestion to the chair. 
man: of the Committee on Claims, who has the bill 
in charge. It is a•very important measure, which 
excited [i Éreat deal of' discussion at the last ses- 
sion, and the action öfthe Senate was rather ad- 
verge to it. Since then I have been appealed to 
by some gentlemen who feel an interest in the 
matter, and am earnestly desired to examine it. 
I spoke and voted against it at the last session, 
and I am desirous to examine it, and willing to 
do so; I shall give it a fair examination; but f 
want to suggest to the Senator from Georgia that 
it is not possible that that can be done between 
now and next -Mdnday. If he will putit•ofuntil 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 10, 
est one) to promote peace and hdrmony in the 
after the holidays I think he will have an oppor- 
country. I certainly must not be understood as 
tunity to get a more intelligent vote on it. 
I am 
committing myself to some •in the 
desirous of examining the case, and if it is worthy 
resolution in regard to amendments to the Consti- 
ofa vote, givirv it. 
tution, and so forth; but .1 do commit myself to 
Mr. IVERSON. We can postpone it again 
any patriotic effort to promote harmony and peace 
on Monday if the Senator should not be in a con- 
in OUR' country. As the resolution stands, it seems 
dition then to consider it. 
I propose to postpone 
to me certainly to be quite unexceptionable to 
it until Monday, because I am. not advised of the 
any one. It covers the whole ground. It can- 
movements either of my colleague or the Senator 
It as tnuch 
not be said to have any party aspect. 
from Florida, both of whom feel an interest in the 
belongs to one side of thæ Chamber as the other. 
bill. 
I prefer to have it postponed until Monday, 
It is broad and liberal as language can make it. 
and no longer, for thc present, and then of course 
And if there is, as I trust there is, a disposition 
we can be governed- by circumstances; we ca 
here, and I hope elsewhere, to promote the har- 
postpone it until after the holidays and goon t n 
mony and peace of, the country, a. resolution of 
as the Senate may think proper. 
this sort is certainly a most appropriate one under 
The VICE PRESIDENT put the questi on 
Mr. IVERSON's motion, and it was agreed 
which we. may make the effort. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, 1 only rise 
STATE OF UNION. 
to express my regret that the Senator from Con- 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution of 
necticut should have deemed it consistent with 
the Senator from Kentucky is before the Senate, 
his duty to try to bring party politics and party 
and the Senator from Connecticut is entitled to 
discussion into this question at this time. had 
the floor. 
hoped that we could lay aside our party feuds 
Mr. FOSTER. 1 have no disposition, Mr. 
until we had saved the country; and then, if we 
President, to occupy the time of the Senate. 
I 
must, let us quarrel about who shall govern it af- 
hope the question may be takel'l on the resolution, 
terwards. I am ready to act with any party, with 
and that it may pass. 
I, for one, feel very much 
any individual of any party,- who will come to 
rejoiced that the honorable Senator from Ken- 
this question with an eye single to the preserva- 
tucky *has proposed it, :not because I suppose 
tion of the Constitution and the Union. [Mani- 
there is any great need of legislation here, but 
festations of approbation in the gallery.] i trust 
that the country is looking towards us, and if we 
we may lay aside all party grievances, party 
do nothing public excitement* will be rather in- 
feuds, partisan jealousies, and look to our coun- 
creased than diminished. If we take a step which 
try, and not to our party, in the consequences of • 
looks toward consideration of the distracted con- 
our action. Sir, I am as good a party man as any 
dition of the country, it may tend to allay public 
one living, when there are only party issues at 
excitement to some extent; and if it do to any 
stake, and the fate of political parties to be pro- 
extent, it is surclv desirable that it be done. 
I 
vided for. But, sir, if I know myself, I do not 
should have voted for the resolution of the hon- 
desire to hear the word party, or to listen to any 
orable Senator from Kentucky without amend- 
party •appeal, while we are considering and dis- 
mcnt, had hc not agreed to amend it, not because 
cussing the qnestioÖs upon which the fate of the 
I could agree with its terms and phraseology al- 
country now hangs. [Applause in the galleries.] 
together—I was much better satisfied, certainly, 
Mr. DAVIS oljtained the floor.. 
With the resolution as proposed to be amended by 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator 
the honorable Senator from New York—but still, 
from Mississippi pause moment? The Chair 
I say I sh.c•uil'l have voted, I think, for the ori- 
has observed several times this morning, as dif- 
ginal resoiu•acn had the amendments not been 
ferent Senators have been speaking, a disposition 
acceptable to the Senator who moved it, and I 
to applaud in the gulleries. It has not been-usual 
should have done.so for reasons satisfactory to 
in the Senate, and at this time pan be productive 
my own mind. 
of no good, and cannot be tolerated. No matter 
Our Federal Government, Mr. President, to- 
what Senator is addressing the Chair, the Chair 
day is, and for many years pasthas been, in the 
will deem it his duty to enforce tbc rurcs pf the 
hands ofa great political party called, usually, 
I body. There must be decorum and ordep in these 
the Democratic party. The President of the Uni- 
large galleries. 
ted States, belongs to that party; all the heads of 
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Mississippi 
Departments belong to that party; a large major- 
will me in adding to what has fallen from 
ity of the members of this Senate belong to that 
the President, that it not only has not been usual, 
party. The only exception to the remark I have 
but it can only bc considered an indignity to the 
made, if any exception can be made, is the House 
Senate for those in the galleries to express appro- 
of Representatives, where that party may not, 
bution or disapprobation at anything that passes 
and indeed does not, have a numerical maprity. 
here; and I trust that, if it occurs again, the Pre- 
Still, the rcmark is true that the Federal Govern• 
siding Offcer will order the galleries to be cleared. 
ment is now in the hands of the great Democratic 
It is an indignity to the Senate, whether the 
party of this country. 
manifestation be of approbation or disapproba- 
Under tbese circumstances, we are -told that 
tion. 
our Union is ill) danger of eing disrupted and 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom 
falling to pieces. In that stxe of things, a mem- 
Mississippi. 
ber of the Democratic party sitting on the Ad- 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, if the political 
ministration side of the Chamber, representing 
firmament seemcd to me dark before, there has 
certainly ag gallant and patriotic u State as •any 
been little in the discussion this morning to cheer 
one in this Union of States, comes forward with 
or illumine it. When the proposition of tbe Sen- 
a proposition which I should feel it my duty-to 
ator from Kentucky w•as presented,—not very 
support, because it looks toward allaying the 
hopeful ofa zood result,—l was yet willing to wait 
excitement said, and undoubtedly truly said, to 
and see what developments it might produce. 
exist in the country; and it looks toward bring- 
This morning, for the first-time, it has been con- 
ing back harmony and fraternal feeling to our 
sidered; and what of encouragement have we 
country. 
received? One Senator presente, as a cure. for 
The disruption of the country and its falling to 
the public evil impending over us, to invest the 
pieces, even though it happened in the hands of 
Federal Government with such power 
the Democratic party, would be deplored by me 
as properly belongs to monarchy alone. Another 
as much as by any man in this body; and such 
announces that his constituents cling to the fred- 
an event wou14 be as much deplored by tlie State 
erai Government if its legislative favors and its 
of Connecticut as by any State. in this Union. 
Treasury secure the works of improvement and 
She would consider it the duty of her represent- 
facilities which they desire; while another rises 
atives here, to do all that honorable and patriotic 
to point out that the evils of the land are of a 
men could do to avert that catastrophe. She 
party character. Sir, we have fallen upon •evil 
would expect them to rise far above all party 
times, indeed, if the great convulsion which now 
considerations, if by so doing they could prevent 
shakes the body-politic to its center is to be dealt 
so disastrous a result. 
With by such quack nostrums . as these. Men 
I therefore, entertaining the opinions I do in 
must look more decply, must rise to a higher alti- 
regard to the amendments proposed by the Sen- 
tude; like patriots, they must confront the danger 
ator from New York, should have voted for the 
face to face, if they hope to relieve the evils which 
original resolution; and would very cordially 
now disturb the peace of the land, and threaten 
have given my support to any honest effort (kind 
the destruction of our political existence. 
thie I t*lievej i may Say I know, isan h'ön• 
First of alls we rhUSt inquin What i' the causa 
