30 
iS aboUt toinstitute, by passing into hos- 
tild hands; beeömes a weapon for his destruction, 
not- his proEection. All dangers which we 
may be called- upon to confront as independent 
communities, are light in my est.imation compared 
with,that which would hang over ms if this Fed- 
eial•Government had such physical force; if its 
character. was changed' from a. repreSentatiVe 
agent•of States: to a central Government, with a 
military power to be used at discretion against 
the States, To-day it may be the idea that it 
will be used- against same State •which nullifics 
the Constitution and the laws; some State which 
passes laws •to obstruct or repeal the laws of the 
United States; some State which, in derogation 
of our rights of transit under the Constitution, 
passes laws to punish a citizen found there wit.h 
property recognized by the Constitution of the 
United States, but prohibited by the laws of that 
State.. 
But how long might it be before that same mil- 
itai•y force would be turned against the minority 
section which had sought its protection; and that 
minority thus become mere subjugated provinces 
under the great military government that it had 
thus contributed to establish? The minority, in- 
capable of is, of necessity, always on 
the deftnsivc, and often the victim of the deser- 
tion of its followers, and the faithlessness of its 
allies. It therefore, must maintäin, not destroy, 
barriers. 
I do not know that I fufly appreciate the 
purpose of my friend from Missouri; whether, 
when he spoke of establishing military posts 
along the borders of the States, and anning the 
Federal Government with adequate physical 
power to enforce constitutional rights, (l suppose 
hc meant obligations,) hc meant to confer upon 
this Federal Government a powm• which it does 
not now possess to coerce u State. 
If hc did, 
then, in the language of Mr. Madison, hc is pro- 
viding, not fora union of States, but for the dc- 
struction of States; he is providing, under the 
name of union, to carry on wnr against States; 
and I care not whether it be against Massachu- 
setts or Missouri, 
it is equally objectionable to 
me; and I will resist it alike in the one case as in 
the other, as subversivc of the great principle on 
which our Government rests, as a heresy to be 
confronted at its first p€esentation, and put down 
there, lest it grow- into proportions which will 
rendm; us powerless bcfore it. 
The theory 'Of our Constitution Mr. President, 
is one of peace, of equality of sovereign States. 
It was made by States and madc for States; and in 
the abundance of caution they passed an amend- 
ment, doing thal which was necessarily implied 
by the nature- of the instrument, as it y.'as a mere 
instrument of grants. 
But, in the abundance ot• 
caution, they deckarcd that everything which had 
not been was reserved to States, 
to the people—that is, to the State governments as 
instituted by the people of cach State, or to the 
people in their sovereign capacity. 
I need not, then, go on to from the his- 
tory and n•ature of our Govern Inent, that no 
of coercion exists in It 
It is enough for me to 
demand the clause of the Constitution which con- 
fers the power. 
If it is not there, the Govern- 
ment does not possess it. 
Tl'l-lat is the plain con- 
struction of .the Constitution, madc plainer, 
if 
possible, by its amendment. 
This Union is dear to-me as a Union of fra- 
ternal States, 
It would lose its value if I had to 
regard it as a Union hcid together by physical 
would be happy to know that every 
force. 
State now felt that fraternity which made this 
Union possible; and if that evidence cot.lld go out, 
if evidence satisfactory to the people of the South 
could bc given that thqt feeling cxisted in the 
hearts of the northern people, you might burn 
your statute-books and we would cling to the 
Ünion still. But it is because of their conviction 
that hostility.and not fraternity now exists in the 
hearts of the people, that they are looking to their 
reserved rights, and to their independent powers 
for their own protection. 
If t.here be anv good, 
then, which ',ve can do, it is by sending evidence 
to them of that svhich i fear does not exist—the 
purpose of your constituents to fulfill in the spirit 
of justice and fraternity all their constitutional 
obligations. 
If you can submit to them that evi- 
dence, I feel confidence that, with the evidence 
that aggression is henceforth to cease, will term- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 10, 
inate all the measures for defense. Upon you of 
the majority section it depends to restore peace 
and perpetuate the Union •of equal States; upon 
us of the minority section rests the duty to main- 
tain our equality and community rights; and the 
means in one case or the other must be such as 
each can control. 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President— 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator 
from Connecticut yield to the Senator from Mis- 
souri ? 
Mr. FOSTER. 1 have but to say. 
Mr. GREEN. Then 1 shall not interposc 
now. 
Mr. FOSTER. I was singularly unfortunate, 
Mr. President; in being so misunderstood by the 
Senator from Illinois and the Senator from Mis- 
sissippi. 
I surely have made no party appeal, 
and have made no charge against any party as 
reSponsiblc at all for the evils now existing in our 
country. I can scarcely imagine that those gen- 
tlemen did me the honor to listen to me, for if 
they did, they surely could not have fallen into 
such a mistake. 
I think I can appeal, with great 
satiety, to any gentleman who did me that honor, 
to bear me witness that I made no such charge, 
no such imputation, no such appeal. 
i did, it is 
true, say that our Federal Government was in the 
hands of the Democratic party. Is it not true? 
I didnotmakc the assertion in any offensive sense. 
i did not couple it with any intimation that that 
party was at all responsible for the evils under 
which we are now laborino•. 
Having alluded to 
that fact, I 'said that a Senator connected with that 
party, and representing as gallant and as patriotic 
a State as belongs to the Confederacy, came for- 
ward with a resolution looking toward the resto- 
ration of peace and harmony in the country, and 
that in that state of things, although its phrase- 
ology was not entirely acceptablc•to me, and al- 
though it would be Inade far more acceptable by 
the amendments proposed to it by the Senator 
from New York, still, if the amendments proposed 
proved unacceptable to the Senator from Ken- 
tacky, would vote for his resolution as it was, 
'.vithout an')endmentr, for the reason that, under 
those. circumstances, I considered it my duty to 
aid, and I believed that thc Statc which sent me 
here would hold accountable if I did not at- 
tempt at least to perform the duty of aiding, in 
the restoration of peace and harmony to the 
country. 
Sir, if that is a party appeal, or if that is making 
-a party charge, I have misunderstood and now 
greatly misunderstand the English language in 
its plainest and most obvious forms and words. 
That is all I said which can be construed into any 
party appeal or any party charge. My object 
was to show that I was ready to discard all these 
considerations, and discard them fully and abso- 
I am sorry that I was so misunder. 
stood . 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, 1 am a 
surprised, and not only a little but greatly sur- 
prised, that the Senator from Mississippi should 
deem it his duty to make use of languace which 
1 think so very unparliamentary in 
surr(ycstions Ilu•own out for the purpose of super- 
inducing reflection, as quack nostrums. There 
are quacks; and they expect to accompkish results 
without. means. Without considering the con- 
I slitulion and feeling the pulse, or exarnining thc 
I condition of' the patient, and the fitness of the 
adrninistcrcd rued icine to the of 
the desired result, 
they hope something without 
(loincr They are quacks; and so in po- 
litical science, there are quacks who, secing the 
i diseased condition of the patient, will do nothing 
to relieve him. 
But he is not a quack who, as an 
advising physician, does not adüiinister medicine, 
but, havin«yconsidered the condition of the patient, 
• su(-rcyests a proper subject for-consideration. There 
I is no quackery in that; and how he should feel it 
build -up a central military despotism? No; but 
to maintain constitutional rights according to the 
plan of the Constitution as given to us by our 
fathers. That is all we ask. Do you ask more? 
Is there a Senator from any State in this Union 
that will rise in his place and say hc wants more 
than that? If he does, I do not go with him, 
But it is said it is utterly impossible to •get this, 
because the state of public sentiment North is 
wrong. I said that, too; and I said that wre must 
devise some means to hold our rights until an 
opportunity—a fair, reaSonable opportunity—is 
grven for a reaction of public sentiment. As I 
remarked, but two principles controlled anv Gov- 
ernment; one, consent, and the other, pfiysical 
power. If the consent, the good feeling, is gone; 
you must have the physical power. How much? 
Enough to make a central despotism? Enough 
to ,build up a military power and overawe the 
States, and do what my friend from Mississippi 
condemns? No. To do what, then? To simply 
enforce the Constitution as it now exists; and If 
my friend will be a little more specific, and not 
resort to the use of these quackery terms, and read 
the fourth section of the fburth article of the Con- 
stitution, he will find it says this: It is the duty 
. of the Federal Government to protect the States 
acainst invasion without any application upon the 
part of the Executive, without any application 
upon the part of the Legislature. When domes- 
tic violence springs up, and you want to quell that 
with Federal power, Federal power cannot be ex- 
opted until the Legislature. or Executive demands 
it. But when invasion is about to occur, thc Fed- 
eral power is adequate to it without any request. 
I want him to read the Constitution once more, 
and then his notions of quackery I hope will be 
dissipated : 
The United States shall guaranty to every State in 
this Union a republican form of government, and shall pro- 
tect each of' them against invasiort." 
When does the other part apply ? 
And on application of the Legislature or of the Execu- 
tivo, (when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against 
domestic violence." 
The Federal authority, therefore, cannot be 
exerted to suppress domestic violence until the 
Executive or the Legislature demands it; but to 
prevent invasion, it is the duty of the Federal 
power to exert it whenever it is nccessary. Now, 
It' it be the duty of the Federal power thus to 
protect, I only propose to tu•rn the Government 
with that power, contemplated by the Constitu- 
tion, which might be necessary. Is that military 
despotism? If it is, Madison and Washington 
and Pinckney and Hamilton established that 
Government. I propose to do nothing but merely 
to make an inquiry to see whether this thing 
might notaccomplish some beneficiai result within 
the limits of the present Constitution of the United 
States, and to carry that out. To call that build- 
ing up a militm•y despotism amounts just to this: 
we are going out of the-Union, right or wrong; 
and we will misrepresent every proposition made 
to save the Union. 
Now, Mr. President, I undertake to say that 
thc state of public senti)nent in the North is 
wrong. There may be a sentiment in the South 
that is wrong; for aught I know. Within my 
i State, I know of no southern sentiment that 
is wrong; for know of no Inan that demands 
anything except what the present Constitution 
cruaranties and provides. 
I aln compelled to re- 
main in the Union. 
I will not say compelled; but 
it is my duty to remain in the Union, unless, in 
the (lovelopmcnt of future c vents, I find that a 
resort to a revolutionarv ri(Fht find the establish- 
m(.'t'lt of • new order of things will bettcr promote 
I the happiness of thc people of Missouri. As it 
IS, nobody talks of it. there. 
As it is, every one 
says therc arc these complaints, these orievances. 
It is the opinion 
that we have not had justice; 
and because the Constitution has not been carried 
out. When 
I suggest a mode by which one 
to be his duty thus to characterize it, is to rne branch of the Constitution can be carried out, I 
most extraordinary indeed. Hc has a right to am to bc taunted with the expression that it is u 
il condemn it, to oppose it, to vote against it, to quack remedy. 
show wherein it is wrong; but to call it a quack 
Sir, this Constitution is good enough for the 
remedy is such an expression as have seldonl I Union; and, as I remarked bcfore, an amend- 
heard in this Senate Chamber. So in regard to w ment of the Constitution, unless it indicates pub- 
my friend (rom California; so in regard to others. lic sentitnent, is not worth a straw; and, as I also 
i -we are making svgestions; we are hoping that said before, the passage of a new law, or the re- 
reflection may set in, and that a proper consid- 
peal of these nullifying laws of the North, are 
eration may devise something—to do what? TO worth nothing, except so far as they indicate pub- 
