1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
91 
many blessingsh,to humanity. Let us have it.c-Do 
lic sentiment. To give that sentiment opportu- 
will not despair of 
nify to react, I wish to arm the Federal Govern- you say wc can 
ment.with just that power contemplated in the it. Do you sa Lt is utterly impossible to have 
Constituuon—no more, no less; not to transcend it? Have we made the necessary efforts to get it? 
it one inch. Whether it shall ever react or not, There have been bitter speeches and complaining 
If it never does react, then we i' remarks and insulting remarks, all of which have 
we cannot tell. 
shall have to go; but I want to make every effort i done "harm. Havr. there been those honest, fair 
I desire, if possible, to petitions and rernonstrances and appeals to the 
that I-possibly can first. 
let every man refft•et. When the passions are sections of this Union that ought to be made. 
aroused, when excitement is upon tiptoe, you Why, for me to go on the stump or in this Sen- 
It may be that the ate Chamber, and denounce one sectiOn of the 
cannot make men regret. 
North will not regret; and it may be that the Union, or the other section of the U.nion, would 
do more harm than good; but let me appeal to 
the retreating South, will not stop to re- 
them, and ask them, as I say to them now, are 
•ret either. 
Who has fought her battles for the last twenty- you not willing to grant mc the Constitution ? 
five years in public sentiment, and borne the i Yes. You ask me, do you want any more than 
brunt of the diffcultysupon the border? Mis- II the Constitution? No. Then this one point only 
souri, Kentucky, Virginia, and Maryland, while 
Mississippi and Louisiana have been secure; and 
while you have lost but one boxed-up negro, sent i 
on board a vessel, that I remember, we have lost 
thousands and thousands and thousands; and i 
now, when I propose a means that the Constitu- 
tion contemplates and provides for, to secure my- 
self, he who has suffered no wron& except an i 
ideal, an imaginary wrong, says the stutc of pub- 
lic sentiment of tho North is so corrupt and viti- 
ated that I dare not stay in association with them. i 
I know that that sentiment is corrupt; and thero- 
fore, as I said before, and now repeat, that senti- 
rnent must react, or we shall have to go with you. 
remains: if you construe the Constitution one 
way, and I construc it another, let us as brethren 
put in an explanatory amendment, which will 
remove the •whole difficulty; that we may go on 
together in harmony and peace hereafter. A 
rigid enforcement of the fugitive slave law, a rigid 
protection of the States from invasion, and an 
éxplanatory amendment-of the Constitution, de- 
fimng the rights on every point where there is 
any dispute, will give us the same old peace we 
had, and we will go on with the same prosperity 
as we formerly did. 
I do not urge this; but I throw out these sug- 
gestions, and hope that my friend will do me the 
justice to .believe that I do not do it for the pur- 
But I want to give them an opportunity to have 
to coerce any State in our Union. 
pose of' tr 
that reaction. 
Do you say they have had twenty-five years to would co •cc no State; but I would coerce indi- 
do it? '"Ehe agitation has been fanned and fed, viduals as longas that State remains in the Union. 
If you are in tbc Union, 
and they saw not the impending danger. They I I deny nullification. 
sat.,v not the precipice that they were drivincr us i you arc subject to the Union laws, and I will en- 
If you are 
force the laws against individuals. 
to. In a deadly conflict, you may wrestle with 
me and may throw mc over, but I will prove to out of the Union, you are. an independent Power, 
and I have no right to undertake. to enforce Fed- 
you that both fail to the bottomless pit together. 
If the era] laws over you. 
It is like the travelers upon the Andes.- 
I did not intend even to be drawn into the dis- 
path be not broad enough for both, they will come 
Into conflict, and one must fall, and he -drags the cussion of that, nor to express an opinion upon 
it; but I do it to prevent myself from being mis- 
other down. 
I do not say understood. I am providing this force to protect. 
If we can avert this, Ict us do it. 
I hope and trust in God that our rights in the Union while our States are in the 
that we can do it. 
we may do it. Whether am successful or not, Union. Perhaps my friends will say, some am- 
bitious chieftain will pervert that power, and use 
I will stand upon the 
will make the effort. 
I do not belicve it. 
record as havino• raised my voice and givcn my it for a prejudicial purpose. 
vote and used every effort. in my power to save l, The corrective of public sentiment, thc rigors and 
the guards of'the law, will always be able to pre- 
my ri'Yhts in the Constitution, and to save the 
i know it, is a very unpopular theme ! vent such a result. 
Union also. 
Mr. President, I only deem it necessary to make 
in some sections of the Union to sav a word for 
the Union. Let it be so. I hope that that feel- this explanation because I think my fr_iend from 
I hope the sober second thought I Mississippi really misunderstood what I had said. 
ing will react. 
will again induce them to see tl'H) propriety of i Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, my friend 
being content with constitutional guarantees, and from Mississippi, in his allusion to me, cither 
misunderstood me or unintentionally did me great 
wheh means proposed to enforce the Consti- 
I did not say, because I did not think 
injustice. 
tution and carry it out, do not ridicule it by call- 
it—and if I did say it, I did not intefld so to be 
ing it a quack remedy. 
—that the State which I had the honcn• 
Mr. President, I havc not undertaken, as I underst.ood 
here in part to represent would think it any cause 
before remarked, to give the details of the plan. 
I have, within the resolution offered, embraced whatever for separation because of her failure to 
1 
constit.t_ltional provisions, and if the committee obtain the great measure to which I alluded. 
goes bevond them and erects a military despot- merely said this: that it would weaken her attach- 
Ism, h shall go aæainst their report; but if they ment, but would not c.ertainly destroy her alle- 
confine thcnose\ves strictly within the limits df giancc to thc Government, at any time or in any 
the Constitution, find give adequate power 
sense. 
Mr. DAVIS. I am very happy indeed to hear 
to carry it out and enforce it, I shall go for it. 
thc explanation of my friend from California, 
As to this idea that that power will bc in the 
hands of Mr. Lincoln, an Opposition President, with whorn i låve •so often coincided, and from 
hitn as whom I shall part with so much regret upon any 
I do not stop to consider it. 
much power to enforce the Federal Constitution great political principle. He wil] find, however, 
e as I would åpon examining the report, I think, that I under- 
and protect the rights of the peopl 
stood his language. f arn happy to find I did mis- 
anybody else; and I will hold him just as respons- 
ible for manner which hc exercises it. Do understand his meaning, and very glad to be cor- 
you say that that gives him power to overawe recled. 
'The Senator from Missouri has taken special 
I say it does not. Hc cannot in- 
t.he States? 
vade a single State; but hc can pve,vcnc States offense at the use of the word quacker 
or 
quack remedy. 
quack nostrums, 
quires the• Federal Government, to repel invasion 
—I have but to of; the 
GoVernment foi• , the meaning of, eiause.,: Was 
it to establish a military the 
States? W as it to raise afrn- 
aments should frown terrifieaTlyÉdbivn the 
people of a State? No, not at all, sir. 
It:wasao 
repel foreign aggression. That poWe2% Was-dele- 
gated when these States united for- common. de- 
fense. It was to bind their 
one whole; so that the power of all might' be- used 
against any common enemy that -invaded either 
of them; not the invasion of. one State by ah- 
other. That was a thought which would: h-åve 
deterred from union; that is the sad reflection 
which experience alone could have suggested to 
our minds. The Senator from SMissomi, there- 
fore , uses the phrase of the Constitution in a mean- 
ing which it cannot have; in an intent :which our 
fathers had not; and does to them the great injus- 
tice of believing that, whilst they were sweeping 
away even. the barriersrto the freest trade between 
the States, they were providing -to build up mili- 
tary cordons to keep the people apan. 
I am glad that, before thc Senator, closed , his 
remarks, he answered the on}y question which .1 
asked him; and that, because it was the •point on 
which I did not understand him. His answer, was 
so satisfactory, that if it had not been necessary 
for me to make the acknowledgment that I would 
take him out of the list of quacks and put -him 
on the rolls of learned pundits a-nd political doc- 
r I'he construc- 
tors, I should not have replied. 
tion Of the Constitution is the question which.we 
have to regard; and when we arc told that military 
power is to be given to enforce the Constitution, 
knowing that that Constitution has as many con- 
structions as clauses, and seeing the great error 
into ivhich . this State-rights and clear-headed 
Senator has fallen this morning, wc are warned 
not to confer new and extraordinary powers upon 
the Federal Government, to be exercised as that 
Government may construe the Constitution. The 
States in their sovereignty, the Stat.es in their in- 
dependence, the States havc full power over all 
local affairs; and this Federal Government is the 
agent to conduct their foreign intercourse, and 
'I'htlt is the 
provide for the common deftnse. 
Government our fathers made, gnd that alone is 
the Government to which I am willing to bear 
al\egiance. 
Mr. GREEN. I wish to remark that thank 
the Senattn• fop the compliment Gf taking me out 
of tho list of quacks and making me a political 
I an) sorry I cannot return it. 
doctor. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, what 
is tbe question before the Senate ? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition 
offered by the Senator from Kentucky. "i'he Sec- 
retary will read it. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. He proposed an 
ment. Was that amendment made as a matter 
of right by themmover? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It .had better be 
read for the information of the Senatc. The orie 
2111al resolution and the. amendments of the Sena- 
Eor from New York -were withdrawn, and the 
Senator from Kentucky proposed a general reso- 
lution. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senator from 
tacky modified his original resolution. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 propose that all of ori- 
resoluti01'1 after the word " members" be 
stricken out, and what is now in the hands of the 
i Secretary I suppose is to be added. 
VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will 
read as hc has it the last proposition of thc Sen- 
ator. 
The Secretary read it, as follows : 
And that said comrnittce be instructed to inquire into 
from being invaded. He cannot take one particle 
the present condition of the country, and report by bill -or 
of property; but he can protect your property puts the three phrases in my mouth, although I 
otherwise. 
It is one of those {i do not remember used cither of them; but 
from being taken by others. 
preventive means—but why do I stop here to let. t.hat go. I will not quurrcl with him about 
•l! it; and, if he is satisfied, will agree that hc is 
explain it? 
I a learned pundit; that he is thc hiehcst authority 
As before remarked, I am not urging it. 
on parliamentary etiquette; that he is the hicrhest 
only throw it out at as one of those suggestions, 
but I must protest 
as one of those thoughts that might be taken into authority on political merit; 
cvrainst his mode of quoting what anybody has 
consideration by your committee, for the purpose, 
said to whom he replies, and I cannot consent 
if possible, of givin«r us that protection which we 
t, to his coilstruction of' the Constitution. When 
cannot get with the present state of public senti- 
ment; so that, in the mean time, there might be a hc selects a clause from the Constitution, which 
reaction in that sentiment, and the good old Union he reads with peculiar emphasis, and invites me 
—that clause in the Constitution which 
remain such as it was when my praised it 
to study 
so highly, and lauded it to the skies as bringing so agthot•izes the Federal Government, or rather re- 
II Mr.. CRITTENDEN. That requires no ques. 
tion, if understand it. It is a modificationwhicll 
the mover can make. 
II The VICE PRESIDENT. Both the other 
olution and the tunendments werewithdrawnj and 
this is now the resolution before the Senate sim- 
ply. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then.l hope we shall 
i have the question on it. 
Mr. WADE. Let us in full. 
i The Secretary read it, as follows: 
i Resolved, -That so much Of tbe President's message as 
