32 
THE CONGRESSION L GLOBE. 
December 10. 
relates--to the present agitated and distracted- eondition of- 
ibe grievances between the slaveholdinrv 
and the ion Slaveholding States be •referred to a special 
. ccjmmittee of tliirtec-n members ; -and that said cornmittee 
be• instructed to inquire into the present •condition of the 
country, and report by bill or otherwise. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. have not a word to 
say upon the proposed resolution. It is nothing 
more than the ordinary fbrm of the motion for a 
reference of the President's message. 
It presents 
no snbject of, debate. 
I hope we shall have the 
question. 
It is very important to us, I think, 
sir:, to. avoid- premature •debates upon this subject, 
however interesting they may be. We are always 
in danger. of collisions produced or excitements 
ceeated. I wisl) to see the Senate, as 1 wish to 
sec-one and all of us, observe a perfect calmness 
and coolness of judgment to act upon the specific 
-measures that we shall so soon ha.ve presented to 
us for our action. 
hope that without further 
debate we shall take the question. I surrender 
my right to debate it. 
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, 1 
sire ,now to make a speech, nor to take any part 
in the discussion that has been commenced. I 
can bear yet a little longer the misrepresentations 
in the President's message, and I believe the 
North can bear them yet a little longer. The 
timewill come, perhaps, when I shall deem it my 
duty to sct forth those things in the light of rea- 
son and of history. Meanwhile, I content my- 
self witlb simply. offering to the Senate a piece of 
•teStimony -of direct and most authoritative bear- 
ing upon the. present state of the Union. 
may kid-opt the language of the Senator from Mis- 
sissuppi, [Mr. I)xvls,] it wiil help us to make the 
diagnosis of the present disease in the body-pol- 
hold in my hand an unpublished autograph 
letter, written by General Jackson, whilc Presi- 
dent of the United States, and addressed to a cler- 
gyman in a State. Omitting certain 
sentences which are of a purely private nature, 
the leuer is as follows: 
pies that a slaveholding comm- ity has given to with regard to the manner in which this subject 
is to be treated. I desire to say, for myself and 
our common country. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do no rise to discuss this for that portion of my constituents whom rep- 
matter at: all. My own State is about to discuss resent, and I desire to say it decidedly and dis- 
it for herself; and I do not feel at liberty to speak 
tinctly, that shall not treat the subject in apar- 
for her. She will speak very soon in person. But tisan •manner; nor shall 1 treat it in a menacing 
I think it is a matter of some interest to the coun- 
If there are those here who desire at 
manner. 
try that gentlemen who are here assembled as the , this time to use menaces; if there are those who 
accredited representatives of the public sentiment desire to threaten war in any event, I wish to say 
of their different States should understand , so far 
as communion bctween them will enable us to 
understand, what the views of the people of the 
different States are; and for this purpose, I desire 
to addiess a question to the honorable Senator 
from New York who offered an amendment this 
morning; and I would also desiro to address the 
same question to the Senator from Connecticut 
who has spoken. I was notable to catch the exact 
intent of the amendment offered by the honorable 
Senator from New York, and which, I under- 
stood, met the approbation of the Senator from 
Connecticut. 
I rise, therefore, for the purpose of 
inquirincr, with a view to this comparison of opin- 
ion, whether the intent of that amendment was to 
indicate the opinion, either on the part of the gen- 
tleman who offin•ed it, or on the part of the party 
of which he is a distinguished member, of a duty 
or purpose of the employment of physical armed 
force by the Federal Government against the State 
which might think proper to withdraw from the 
UD ion and declareits independence; that, Ofco urse , 
being used with a view to carry out t eexecution I 
Private.] 
' 'Mv DEAR SIR 
WASHINGTON, 1, 1833. 
'havc had a 
laborious task here, byt nullification is dead ; and its actors 
and courtiers will only be rctnclnbered by the people to be 
execrated for their wicked designs 10 sever and destroy the 
only good Government on the globe, and that prosperity and 
happiness we enjoy over every other portion of the world. 
I•iaujali's gallows ought to be the fate ot' all such ambitious 
inen, who would involve their country in civil war, and 
ali the evils in its train, that they might reign and ride on 
-its whirlwinds and direct the stonn. The frec peopic of 
these. United States haye epoken, and cotrsigned these 
wi6ked dunagogucs to tbeir proper doom. Take eare ot• 
yout nullifiers; you have thern among you ; let thegn 
meet with the- indignant frowns of every l.nan who loves 
his country. The tariff, it is nmv 
and he italicizes or underscores the word 
now' 
known, wag a mere pretext—its burden was on your 
coarse woolens. By the law of July, 1832, coarse woolen 
was reduced to five pcr cent. tör the benefit of the South. 
Mr. Clay's bill takes it up and cla*ses it witli woolerts at 
per cent. , reduces it gradually down to •twenty per 
cent. , aud there it is to remain, and Mr. Calhoun and all 
the nullifiers agree to the principle. 
'llhe cash duties and 
home valuation wiil be equal to fifteen per cent. •nore, and 
after the year 1842, you pay on coarse woolens thirty-five 
If this is not protection, 
per cent. 
I cannot understand; 
therefore the tariff was only the pretext, and disunion and 
a southern confk*deraey the real object. 
'I'hc next pretext 
Will be the negro or slavery question. 
"-My health is not good, but is improving a little. Present 
me kindly to your lady and fatnily: and believe ine to be 
your friend. I will always be happy to hear from you. 
ANDREW JACKSON. 
The Rev. ANDREW J. CRAWFORD." 
'I'here is the original autograph letter in the un- 
mistakable, well-k nown, bold, broad handwriting. 
[Here Mr. SUMNER held the letter up.] These 
are, the words of a patriot slaveholder of Ten- 
nessee, addressed to a patriot clergyman of a 
slaveholding State, and they are directly applica- 
ble to the present hour. Of practical sense, of 
inflexible purpose, and of various experience, 
•Andrew Jackson saw intuitively the springs and 
motives of human conduct, while he loved his 
country with a firm and all-embracing attach- 
ment. Thus inspired, he was able to judge the 
present and to discern the future. The tariff, in his 
opinion, wasa pretext only; disunion and a south- 
ern confederacy the real object. " The next pre- 
text,' 
says he—and you, sn•, will mark the 
words 
will be the negro or slavery question. 
These, sir, are his words, not mine. _ This is his 
emphatic judgment. These words and this judg- 
ment now belong to history; nor can they be as- 
sailed without assailing onc of the greatest exam• 
of the Federal laws now existiDff. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, as he question 
seems to be asked in fairness, I have no objection 
to express my opinion, and what I believe to be 
the opinion of the gl•eat body, almost the entire 
body of the people of New York. Their senti- 
ment upon this subject is, that the Union of these 
States must and shall be preserved. We hope 
that the civil powers of the Constitution, and the 
good sense and patriotism of thc people of the 
whole country, arc sufficient for that purpose; 
but we hold, too, that resistance to the law and 
constitutional power of the Federal Government 
is as xnuch an object demanding its attention, and 
that it is as much its duty to overcomc and sup- 
press any such resistance, as it is to protect a hum- 
ble individual w I'll) may be assaulted by another. 
Secession, which is talked about here, is but an- 
other name for insurrection and rebellion.. 
lieve that this Government cannot be dissolved; 
because I believe the great body of its people are 
attached to it, and that they will defend and pre- 
serve it. 
If the gentlernan talks about a Seate 
seceding, I take it that those who violate and re- 
sist the law will meet thc penalty which the law 
inflicts. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I had hoped to receive an 
answer from the honorable Sen'ator from Con- 
necticut, whom I understood to approve of the 
amendment of the Senator from New York. 
was really desirous to ascertain whetl)erhis views 
also werc that, in thc evcntofa declaration of in- 
dependence by a State, it was proper or it was 
intended to wage war against that State for the 
purpose of reducing it to obedience from its rebel- 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, 1 no 0b- 
jection at all to give any views that I may have 
upon this suuject to t.he hoioraBle Senator from 
Louisiana; but i must say that I see nothino• in 
the amendment proposed by the honorable gen- 
ator from New York to the resolution as intro- 
duced by the honorable Senator from Kentucky 
that involves any such question as that pro- 
pounded to me by the honorable Senator from 
Louisiana. I have not, however, any difficulty 
in answering the question at any proper time, 
although 1 do not suppose that my answer would 
give very much light to the Senator from Louisi- 
ana, or strengthen him in any opinion he may 
have upon thé subject, one way or the other. 
Mr. DIXON. 1 certainly did not understand 
my colleague to refer to the fact that the Demo- 
cratic party noware, and long have been, in power 
in this Government, in any partisan or offensive 
sense, but only as a fact in history; but whatever 
may be our differences of opinion as to the causes 
of the present troubles, the great truth is apparent, 
and we cannot, either as partisans or as patriots, 
shnt our eyes to the great truth that nothing less 
than the total disruption ofthis Government is the 
peril to which weare now exposed. And now, sir, 
decidedly for myself, and for that portion of my 
constituents whom I represent in opinion, that I 
am not with them. But I do not understand that 
to be the policy upon this side of the Chamber. 
In such an event it is useless to inquire which 
section of the country would suffer most, oc- suf- 
fer longest. Enough for us to know that every 
portion would long, and suffer deeply. 
Enough for us to know that a dissolution of this 
Union, for whatever cause, and however 'brought 
about, would be not only the great event, but, in 
its effects on the race of 'mankind, the great 
calamity of the age. 
Mr. President, the public mind is aroused to 
the perception of the fact of the existing danger 
to our at the precise moment when 
we have just passed through a presidential elec- 
tion. 
I [ence it may bc supposed that the result 
of this election is the cause, whereas it is only an 
occasion. The cause lies far deeper. 
In a very 
short time a crisis, differing only from the pres- 
ent in the occasion of its happening, would have 
occurred if either of the candidates for the Pres- 
idency had succeeded at the recent election. 
The controversy on the subject of African 
slavery which has been going on for several 
years between the northern and southern portions 
of this country has now reached a point where 
its final und rightful adjustment, conser,ted to by 
the people of both sections, seems to be indis- 
pensable to the. continuance of our Government 
In its present form. The election of Mr. Lincoln 
hastened the critical day. His defeat could only 
have postponed it. 
In saying that the controversy respecting sla- 
very is the cause of our present diffculties, I do 
not intend to say whether one section of the 
country is in fault more than another, whether 
both are equally in fault, or whether the blame 
is wholly on one side. Crimination and recrim- 
ination are now useless—nay, dangerous. 
be possible, tbc first thing should be to restore 
the fraternal spirit which once existed, ought to 
exist, and may still exist. 
How shall this be done? I know of no other 
mode than by cl'ieerfully and honestly assuring 
to every section of the country its constitutional 
rights. No section professes to ask more; no 
section ought to offer less. As to what are these 
constitutional rights, that is a question to be con- 
sidered in a spirit of confidence and mutual good 
will, and furthermore, in a spirit of devotion to,' 
the Union,' for the preservation of which my eon- 
stituents are ready to make. any sacrifice which a 
reasonable man can ask, or an hollorable man ean, 
grant, consistently with principle. 
In this spimit,. 
är, 1 shall meet this great question, and in doingso- 
I believe I shall be sustained by an ma- 
jority of my constituents. If time shall show that 
I am wrong in this belief, I shall instantly cease 
to represent them in this Senate. 
Sir, it' this spirit could prevail in our councils, 
how different would, almost instantly, be the con- 
dition of the country! Whether it shall prevail 
or not, depends wholly on that great power which 
underlies all laws and all constitutions in this 
country, and by which alone they can be sup- 
ported—the thinking, intelligent, public mindi of 
the nation. The people, under God, must save 
this Union, if it is to be saved. Politicians can- 
not do it. The people are now learning what they 
have never brought themselves to believe, that the 
Union is in danger: and they, and they alone, 
must apply the remedy. What I may be witling 
to do, or what the Senate may bc willing to do, 
will avail nothing, unless supported by the intel- 
I ligence and conscience of the people. 
If the •evils 
of disunion and civil war could bc delayed until 
thc action of the people could be had, [ should 
have entire confidence that the result would be 
the perpetuation of our Government inits present 
form, and that these confederated States would 
continue 10 be bound torether, in eternal Union, 
by the golden chains of mutual advaNage. But 
. the danger is that anger and precipitation on the 
