THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVOS, WASHINGiON, D. C. 
Tli1RTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
one side, and blind incredulity on the other; may 
involve in ruin the happiest people and the best 
Government on the globe, and that history will 
record the fact that the people of the United States 
were incapable of selfügovernment. 
One word more. There is a class of men, small 
in numbers and in influence, who assume that the 
present controversy is a conflict, as they say, of 
two civilizations; that it cannot be reconciled; 
that freedom o r slavery must now perish. The 
great body of those whom I represent do not thus 
believe. We believe that there is no conflict of 
systems of labor in the different States which is 
incompatible with the peaceful existence of our 
Unipn. We believe that the slaveholding and 
non-slaveholding States may still revolve in har- 
monious spheres, and that, if the question of 
slavery shall destroy our Union, it will not be 
because it could not be satisfactorily and ri•ll t- 
• fully adjusted, but because the statesmen of the 
day are incompetcnt to the task. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, cannot vote 
for the resolution introduced by the Senator fron-n 
Kentucky; and I desire, in a single word, without 
making a speech, to state the reason. Things 
have reached a crisis. The crisis can only be met 
in one way effectually, in my judgment; and that 
is, for the northern people to review and reverse 
their whole policy upon the subject of slavery. 
I see no evidence anywhere of any such purpose 
On the contrary, the evidences accumulate all 
around, day by day, that there is no such pur- 
In their newspapers, in the action of so 
pose. 
many of theii• Legislatures as have assembled, in 
the speeches of their Senators, with but one or 
two rare exceptions, we have accumulated evi- 
dence that there is no purpose on the part of the 
northern people to reverse their action or their 
judgment upon this question. The southern States 
do not expect that they are going to do it; and, 
having despaired of that reversal of judgment and 
that change of conduct, they are procccding ill) 
the only mode left them to vindicate their rights 
I cannot vote fot the resolution 
and their honor. 
of my friend from Kentucky, because it wolPld be 
an intimation—darklv given, it is trnc, bu•t yet an 
intimation—to my Sate which is moving, that 
there is a hope of reconciliation. I do not believe 
I see no evidence upon 
there is any such hope. 
I sec, through this dark 
which to base a hope. 
cloud that surrounds us, no ray of light. To mc 
it is all darkness, midnight gloom. I therefore, 
standing here as onc of the Senators from my 
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1860. 
of New York understand the public sentiment of 
that great State, the members of the electoral 
college are the men. They understand it better, 
perhaps, that the two Senators and thirty-three 
Representatives. They rebuked that journal for 
holding out the olive branch for an instant. 
Are these evidences that there is any disposition 
on the part of the Republicans to abandon any 
part of their programme? No, sir; what was 
said only yesterday, as reported 96 me by a Re- 
publican member of the House,' is true: We 
'never moan to ground our arms until we have 
emancipated the last slave in merica." That is 
their purpose, disguise it a they may; and we 
never mean to sink down that position. Bet- 
ter, ten thousand times 
tter, that we separate 
in peace; but if that c not be done, then we 
o be under your dom- 
must separate in war. 
ination we cannot and will not. Calmly, delib- 
erately, dispassionately, thc southern people have 
made up their minds to that. 
I make 
Gentlemen talk about making appeals. 
no appeals, because I will not appeal where 
know my appeal is to be rejected. I will not 
make appeals that my own friends will read as a 
hope that this difficulty may be reconciled. 
prefer to present to them the plain stubborn facts 
as they are; to tell them that Republic.anism has 
shown no disposition to rccedc, and we stand 
face to face, and all that is left to us is either a 
peaceable or a violent separation. 
I deem it hardly necessary, Mr. President, to 
say a word on the resolution introduced by my 
friend from Missouri. 
It is sufficient, perhaps, 
for me to say that the resolution, coming from 
that quarter, amazed mc. That a southern Sen- 
atop, representinff a State even as much exposed I 
as Missouri, should deliberately, in times like 
these, propose to arm the Federal Government 
for the purpose of protectinx the frontier, to es- 
tablish military posts all alöng thc line, struck 
mc with astonishment. Why, sir, if thev are 
only to protect the linc, the whole army of *Rus- 
If they are to make 
sin would be insufficient. 
incursions into the States, North and South, and 
capture those who are supposed by military judg- 
ment to havc offended against the laws, how far 
are they to eo, and what are they to do when 
they get there? I see in that proposition- the germ 
of a military despotism, established in advance 
of the period when we can sufficiently have vin- 
I want no mil- 
dicated our honor and position. 
itary force on the frontier, or anywhero else, to 
State to report faithfully what is croin«y on, will compci American citizens American States to 
I vvill not say to them, 
hold out no false hope. 
even by implication, that I believe that which, 
upon my soul, I do not believe. 
If the same spirit could prevail which actuates 
the Senator who has just now taken his seat, [Mr. 
l)1xoN,] a different state of things might be pro- 
duced in the next twenty days; but wc know that 
is not thc spirit of Republican Senators; it is not 
the spirit of Republican Representatives; it is not 
the spirit of the dominant party. They have 
forced the matter to the present crisis, and they 
mean t.o stand by their arnos. We have regis- 
tered our oaths in high Heaven that we wili not 
submit. Submission, to us, is the deepest dis- 
honor that ever fell upon a free people. I will not, 
do their duty. If the States will not make their 
own citizens obedient, to the laws of the country 
there is no power left to make them obedicnt. 
belongs to cach State, for itself, to compel obe- 
dience to tl'ie laws on the part of its citizens, and 
to the Federal Government by military force. 
I do not know what is to become of these artilies, 
or w llat is to be done with these military posts. 
I fancy that, in the hands of tho enemy, they 
might be turned against us; tiney would hardly 
I, sir, for one, 
ever-be turned against the North. 
believe, as my colleaoue believes, that this Union 
was fbunded in affection, and can only be main- 
that if the same spirit in 
tained in affection; 
which it was founded could be made to prevail, 
while things are progressing as they now are in it would go on, prospering and to prosper, as it 
my State, intimate to the people there that I have did during the first half century of its existence; 
any hope of a different course. On the Contrary, 
to-day, speaking in this presence, under all the 
solemnities of this occasion, with all the responsi- 
bilitics which surround me, I say to them; there 
is no hope that this matter is to be remedied. 
We have heard what the Senator from New 
York has said; we have heard what the Senator 
from New Hampshire has said; we hear in pri- 
vate discourse what others say. We read your 
newspapers. We have noted the fact that the 
great leading journal of New York, next to the 
Tribune—I speak of the Albany Evening Journal 
—proposed something which looked to a recon- 
ciliation; and the electoral college of that great 
State assembled dah or two after, and rebuked 
If any thirty-five men in the State 
them for it, 
3 
but, it' sectional hate has sprung-r up, you cannot 
extinguish it by acts of Congress or by resolu- 
lions. You might as well undertake to extracta 
cancer with a mustard pla.stel' as to root up this . 
political disease by means like these. 
If it be true that the northern people have been 
taught in the schools and in the churches follow- 
ing the advice delivercd to them by the Senator 
NEW SERIES.....-NO. 3. 
people with all the bitterness with which yöu hæv.e 
taught them to hate us, is it not nonsense;to brmg 
forward -resolutions like these with' thé .hope 
remedying the evil? It has taken you gwehty- 
five years to teach youi•- peoplé thus intently to 
hate us. If I could believe that 'you would goto. 
work in earnest and unteach them in twénty•fiVe, 
years to come, I would wait for'it; but I see no 
evidence of this. Your teaching is going On; it 
is going on now in your newspaperS, in. your 
churches, and _in your schools; and even -your 
gray-headed Senators go home and inculcate it. 
We have been driven to a position where 'it is 
absolutely necessary for us to take care of our- 
selves. will hold up •no false lights to the 
State which 1 represent. r will tell them thépläin 
and stubborn truth, and let them acts as I. think 
they ought to act, for themselves. I hope they 
will act like men and freemen; and whatevei• the;r 
action may bc, I shall stand by them for" goodOr 
ff Senators on _the other side have prop:' 
for evil. 
ositions to submit which look to reconciliation, 
I will consider them; but they must be proposi- 
tions which, in my judgment, strike at the root 
of this evil, not mere propositions for delay, such 
as that introduced by my friend from Kentucky. 
I can understand why a lawyer in court who has 
been driven to the wall may filé an uflidavit for 
delay, or put in a plea. for delay; but I cannotr 
understand why a southern Senator in the present 
condition of affairs puts in a plea, or an affdavit, 
or makes any application for delay. We are bet- 
ter prepared to defend ourselves now than we 
Shakl be next year. The people are ripe for it. 
Let them go' on. Hold out no delusive hopes. 
Lct them rnect thc issue as it is, and undertake 
to give my judgmcnt that they will mcet it suc- 
cessfully. 
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, 1 did not intend 
to utter one word in regard to this resolution, ox- 
cept to vdtc for it; but I cannot permit the speech 
of the. Senator from Mississippi I Mr. BROOWN] to 
pass wit,hout some particular observation. Grant- 
mg the premises of his argument, which Ido not 
entirely grant, he has failed to justify the conclu- 
Sion announced. After more than seventy. years 
of liberty and happiness and prosperity as a con- 
federation of States, must we now acknowledge 
that our constituents, some thirty million in all, 
with every advantage that men could.desire for 
self-government, are unable to decide their differ- 
ences in a satisfactory manner? Why, sir, what 
hope is left for mankind anywhere? Wil! you 
pretend that the southern people are-capable of 
frec govern men thereafter, if they cannot now com- 
mune with their northern brethren upon fair and 
honorable terms of adjustment? Or shall we, o 
our side, indulge a pretension equally vain? We 
stultify ourselves, all of us, in saying that we can- 
not hear, cannot discuss, apd cannot compromise 
the controversy with which we are threatened. 
That is to say, in so many words, that our ex- 
periment of the Union is a failure; and, more than 
that, your southern confederacy will be a failure, 
and all other confederacies to the end. of time. 
Mr. President, I have not attained any such con- 
clusion; am not of opinion, as yet, that a ma- 
iority, or any considerable number of the people, 
'South or North, desire the bonds of this Confed- 
eracy to be torn asunder. There has been crim- 
ination upon both sides; there have been outrages 
on both sides; there have been thingswhich ought 
to be redressed, somc by the arm of the law, some 
by a more faithful administration of our Federal 
and State Governments; but there has been noth- 
ing which cannot be redressed promptly, fairly, 
I believe, 
and in the most efficacious manner. 
before God and my country, -that ninetv-nine 
hundredths of tho people in every State, North 
I from New York [Mr. SEWARD] more than twelve and South, aro anxious this day to redress all 
" slavery must be and all causes of reasonable 
years ao•o, when he tom them, 
'W h v, then, do we hear such defianceg 
and that 
abolished, and you and I mast do it," 
I heard them on 
the mode to do it was to begin in the schoolaand i chatved ? 
in the churches; if this kind of teaching has so when I came hither and rov_ 
seized on the minds of the nonhecn people that I heard the Georgia 
the rising generation, and even the young and I declare that of; the North- hatedÆhe 
activegeneration, have learned to hate the southern people of South,' find the people of-the South 
