1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
35 
hoped; for, sir, l. have hoped that when the angel 
of Revelations stood at last with one foot upon 
ther earth and the other upon the sea, and 
by Him that liveth iörever and ever that time 
9hould bc no longer, this great Rcpublic w:ould be 
e the last tlaat would be wound up. 'l'hat has been 
my hope and my desire ; I have labored for it, 
and am willing to labor for it; but I am not will- 
ing that my humble efforts should be perverted 
and misrepresented. I do not apply that term to 
the honorable Senator; but I assure him that after 
we adjourn, or upon sorne Friday or Saturday 
when we adjourn over, and he has answered all 
his letters, and done all the rest of the works of 
necessity and mercy that lie before him, if he will 
take up my poor speech and read it, he will find 
that he has done me and the speech great injus- 
tice, and I know he will feel repentant when he 
sees it, because it was poor enough at the best, 
[laughter;] take it as it was, and let the eye of friend- 
ship scan it and pronounce upon it, and it was 
not much; but when it comes to be perverted and 
misrepresented, and made the thing that it was 
not, I know the Senator will be sorry for the 
injustice he has 
Mr. PUGH. I certainly must apologize to the 
Senator from New Hampshire. I did understand 
his speech as I said; but I am very happy to be 
under the necessity of apologizing, he has left so 
much more pleasant impressions on my mind by 
this speech than he did by tho other. 
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, 1 wish to say 
but a very few words. 
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Virginia wilk 
allow me, I will answer tbc question of the Sen- 
ator from New Hampshire, before he proceeds, 
or afterwards, as he pleases. 
Mr. MASON. I have but a very few words i 
to say; I am not going to make a speech. The 
resolution, as it stan(ls, is t.o refer certain parts 
of the President's messsage to a cornmiltee of the 
Senate—nothing more. The concluding para- 
graph, giving authority to the committee to report 
by bill or otherwise, seems to me surplusagc, 
because every committee of the Senate has that 
authority without its being specially given. 
is, therefore, simply a resolution to refer certain 
portions of the President's message to a commit- 
teo of the Senate. Now, sir, am not at liberty 
to vote against it, and 1 trouble the Senate with a 
very few rcmarks only lest my vote. in favor of it 
should be misconstrued elsewhere. There is a 
possibility that a vote in the affirmative may in 
some parts of the country, in the popular judg- 
ment, ascribe to the Senator so voting an idea that 
there is to be found in Congress any remedy for 
the present condition of the country. I fear it 
would mislead the public mind; that it would in- 
duce them to hope or to expect that it was within 
the reach of 10"islation here in some way to save 
tho country from the dissolution that is immi- 
nently pending. 
I shall vote for the resolution; 
but without an idea that it is possible for any 
thing that Congress can do to reach the dangers 
with- which we are threatened. 
Sir, in my own State 1 know that the people 
arc not looking to Congress for any legislation 
competent even to mitigate or palliate, far less to 
prevent those dangers. My State and a great 
many others of the slaveholding States of this 
Confederacy are going into convention with a 
view to take up the subject for themselves, and 
os separate, sovereign communities, to determine 
what is best for their safety. I know that the I 
public mind in the State of Virginia is in no 
sense, in no manner, directed to Congress with 
any idea that it is competent to them to afford 
relief. The States are taking the subject into 
their own hands. 
I should regret extremely if 
the of this resolution should lead the 
citizens of the other States, the non-slavcholding 
States, to look to Congress for any hope of an I 
adjustment of these differences. 
It would mis- 
I should certainly hope that those 
lead them. 
States North and East and West would do as 
we arc doing in the South, resolve themselves 
Into their separate political communities and 
there determinc whether anything and what can 
be done to save this Union. 
If they look to us 
with any such hope, they arc misled, in my 
judgment. 
I should regrctcxtremcly, therefore, if an aff rm- 
alive vote on my part, which will be given for 
mentary form than from any other reason, should 
lead them in any quarter to expect that it is com- 
petent to us, that we have the power to avert the 
perils that are impending. 
I should expect much 
from the northern and eastern States if they were 
to go into State convention, look at the evil as it 
exists, and apply a remedy if it be within their 
power. 
What is the evil? Gentlemen havc well said, 
it is not the failure to execute this fugitive slave 
law; it is not the passage of these liberty bills, 
as they are called, in various of thc States; it is 
a social war—so far not a war of arms—a war 
of sentiment, of opinion; a 'var by one form of 
society against another form of society. I pos- 
sibly may have a misinformed judgment, but I 
rely upon it until corrected; and my judgment is 
satisfied that, for some reason, the population in 
the States havino• no staves, feeling their great 
numerical majority, and having nursed this senti- 
ment, this mere opinion about social forms exist- 
ing elsewhere, have in some manner unfortu- 
nate[y brought themselves to a deternlination to 
extinguish it. 
I do not mean by any immediate 
blow, by any present law; but it is their purpose, 
having obtained possession of the Federal power, 
to use that power in every form _ to bring that 
social condition to a close. 
I look upon it then, sir, as a war of sentiment 
and opinion by one form of society against another 
fbrm of society. How that will end, I wili not 
undertake to predict; but if there be a remedy for 
it, 
it is not here; it must beat home in their own 
State councils; and should regret extqme]y if 
any vote I am to give herc should misleail public 
judgiucnt so fur as to lead them to suppose that 
they are to look here for saféty. If the people 
would go into convention in all those States, as 
wo are driven into convention, take up the sub- 
ject, probe it, analyze it, look *back to history and 
see what it is, they would l')ave it in their power 
to apply a remedy. The remedy rests in their 
hands, not in Congress; in the State councils of 
the several States; in the political society of the 
several States; and it* we induce them, by any act 
of ours here, to look to Congress for safety, we 
shall mislead them. 
I fear, too, sir, that in what fell from the hon- 
orablc Senator from New York, wc at•c admon- 
ished of the sort of legislation thåt is looked to 
on tl')at side as a for impen(ling dangers. 
The honorable Senator says that it is the duty of 
the Executive head of the Confederacy to exe- 
cutc the laws; that it is the duty of Cohgress, if 
he has not sufficient power now under the law, to 
(Tive it to him; that he knows of nothing that can 
resist the lax.vs unless it orioinates in insurrection 
or rebellion, which is to be put down. That is 
the sort of legislation, that is thc sort of remedy, 
to which that honorable Senator looks. That 
means, Mr. President, that in the relation which 
subsists between the States of tho Union and the 
Federal power, State cxistencc is not to bc recoc- 
nized; and that if a Statc abandons the Union, 
separates from it, sevcrs all political connection 
With it, that fact is not to be rccoo•nized by, or 
known to, the Federal Government. A State in 
the fall plenitude of her sovereignty entirely rc- 
sumed by her fundamental law, absolves her citi- 
zens from the allegiance they formcrly held to 
the Government which they abandoned. That 
is not to be known; but the law is to march 
straight forward, like tho car of .Tuggernaut, 
crushing all who may oppose it. That i undcr- 
stand to be the doctrine of the Senator from New 
York; his construction Federal power. Well, 
sir, if it bc truc, am not one of those who will 
lend my aid or my votc to any legislation con- 
templating suca a state of things. They may 
call it what they please; they may call it puttin«y 
down rcsistance to thc laws, or insurrection, or 
rebellion, or treason, in a citizen, but at last it is 
undisguised war, by one political 
war—open, 
power acrainst another political power. That is 
It; and the honorable Senator, seeking to evade— 
I use the term in no offensive sense; but the hon- 
orable Senator, seeking to characterize it in some 
terms that belong to civil jurisdiction, calls it in- 
surrcction or rebellion. The meeting of one po- 
lilical pox,ver with anot.hm• political power in hos- 
tility, in arms, is war, and can come to nothing 
I did not mean, as I said, sir, to address the 
the resolution more from what is due to parlia- Senatc on this subject. The•day may arise when 
we shall be obliged to address the Senate on this 
subject; not theorizing; not as arguments to 
prospective ills, but to meet events that occur; 
facts that exist and are practically -before us; 
when it will devolve on the American- Sena)e to 
determine whether, in the, cXecutiöri of the' Fed- 
eral laws against a State that has separated itßblf 
from the Confederacy, the Federal jUrisdiöCion 
i treats it as a merc insurrection of 
whether it is to be treated as war. 
fcar that 
that day may come, and come speedily; but suf- 
ficient unto the day is the evil thereof." 
sire only that the vote which I shall give foi• the. 
proposition to refer a part of the Presidént's mcs- 
sacye to a committee of the Senatc,. may not -mis- 
lead anybody, so far as my vote goes, into an 
idea that the people can look to the Senate or to 
the House for -relief in the present emergency. 
They must look at home, to their State convcn- 
tions, and nowhere else. 
Mr. BIGLER. Ido not rise, Mr. President, 
for the purpose of taking a general' vieW of the 
present unhappy condition of the country.. No 
one could do that at this time, without more de- 
liberato consideration than I have had the oppor- 
tunity o? giving the subject. Sir, it seems to me 
no Senator can close his eyes to the dangers 
which surround our common country. At this 
very moment, the great heart of the Republic 
throbs deeply, and the whole system shows evi- 
dence of sickness and decay. Sir, I approach 
this question with the utmost diffdeuce 
I Mr. HALE. With the consent of the Sena- 
tor from Pennsylvania, I move that the Senate 
adjöurn. 
Mr. DAVIS. Before that motion is put, I v.zill 
answer the question which the Senator from New 
Hampshire put to me, if he desires it. 
Mr. HALE. Oh, no. 
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator does not desire 
an answer, [ will not give it. 
Mr. BIGLER. Before the motion is put, I de- 
sire to say a word. I fear that the motion of the 
Senator from Newr Hampshire to which I yielded, 
may lead to a misunderstanding that I intend to 
makc a full, elaborate speech on this question. I 
do not. My intention only to thank the Sen- 
ator from Connecticut for the manly position 
which he has taken, and to answer, to sOme ex- 
tent, the views of the Senator from Virginia. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator 
pause? The confusion in the Chamber is so great 
that the Senator on the floor cannot be heard; and 
the Chair considers it his duty to cali the atten- 
tion of the Senate in •an emphatic manner to it. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 yield to the mötion to ad- 
journ. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
MONDAY, December 10, 1860. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by Rev. Dr. JENKINS, of Philadelphia. 
'I'he Journal of 'I'hursday last was read and 
approvcd. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. 
The SPEAKER before the House a com- 
munication from the Scctetat•y of State, transmit- 
ting an abstract of returns of registered American 
seamen; v,rhieh was laid on the table, and ordered 
to be printed. 
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a 
communication from tbc Secretary of tho Interior, 
transmitting a report from the Superintendent of 
Public Printing respecting the printing of the 
I-louse of Representatives, which was referred to 
the Committee on Printing, and ordered to be 
printed; and a report in relation to estimated de- 
ficiencies for paper and printing for the Thirty- 
Sixth Congress; which was referred to the Com- 
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be 
printed. 
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS. 
Mr. CRAWFORD asked and obtained leave 
to withdraw from the files of the House tho papers 
in the case of Mrs. Elizabeth Spear, for reference 
to the pension bureau. 
SERVICE ON SPECIAL COMMITTEE. 
The SPEAKER stated that the question before 
the House was on séconding the demand for the 
previous question on the request of Mr. HAWKINS 
