36 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 10, 
to be excused from serving on the special com- 
mitteé of- one from each State, to which was 
referred that -portion of thb President's message 
relatihg to secession movements. 
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. 1 ask the gentleman 
from Florida to withdraw his demand for the 
previous question to enable me to assign my 
reasons for voting to excuse him. 
Mr. HAWKINS. I will, of course, withdraw 
it With great pleasure to accommodate the gentle- 
man. from Ohio. It- was my intention, when I 
camo into the House this morning, to withdraw 
it mySelf,'Without any. request of that kind, so 
that; I-myself might be enabled to make some frw 
remarks foi• the purpose of better defining my 
position before the country. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Iprefer,ofcourse, 
to hear the i•easous of the gentleman from Florida 
more at length; and when he concludes, I shall 
ask to submit .somc on my own part. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 was entitled to the 
floor, and do not recoffnizc any understanding 
which shall forcclose my chance. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the 
gentleman from Florida to withdraw his demand 
tor the previous question, and that he wishes 
now to be hoard. 
He is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. HAVVKINS. Mr. Speaker, finding that 
my views and motives [Or asking to be excused 
ftöm serving upon the committee of thirty-three, 
have not only been misunderstood, but misrepre- 
sented, I- will' endeavor in a few rernarks to define 
my position somewhat more specifically than I 
have already done, and place myself in the true 
attitude in which I stand in relation to the ques- 
tion pending before the House. 
In this whole matter, sir, I have been guided 
by my own ideas as to what was to 
the occasion, nor did I hold counsel with a single 
person as to the course I should adopt. 
sohuion of the question was so silih)lc, the con- 
clusions to be arrived at so easiEy attained, I 
deemed advice superfluous, and I act-ed upon the 
dictates of n') y ow i) exclusi j•ndglnent. 
It is true, sir, after had marked out In y linc 
of conduct, and after I I'la•d acted upon the matter, 
I did ask the opinions of ynany southern 
mem- 
bcrs; and with one or two exceptions, they inost 
cordially agrccd with the cou rsc [ had taken. 
()t' course, sir, at this time I have no idea of 
nuaking för:mal or set speech—such a one, how- 
ever, i anticipate delivering before i leave this 
I-I',dl, sctting forth the causes which have impelled 
to the course she.has already pursued 
my State 
and will pursue within the next thirty days. 
In the first place, sir, it' I consented to serve 
upon this committee, I would be )lacing myself 
in false position. Every one w 10 consents to 
serve upon that committee, (in "my opinion,) 
though hc may not be bound by its ultimate ac- 
t.ion, certainly commits himself' to the projit ot• 
its formation as a rncans of compromisino• and 
settling» the disputes now between the 
North South, 
the removal of 
o•uovances and 
an adjustrnent- of' all qucstions now acritntino• the 
country. 
Now, sir, by virtue of the powers intrusted mc 
by the people of my State, I might act upon Sl.:ch 
a committee in circumstances dill'ercnt from those 
now cXisti1)g•, 'but my Slate, sir, has already taken 
tho initiative, and her Legislature has ordered an 
election for the purpose ot• choosing mernbers to 
a convention to be convened ou the *'Bd day of 
January, 1861. Florida is then to act in her 
soverei«n capacity, as a member of this Confed- 
eracy, a peer of thirty-two other sovereignties. 
She will then take such steps and pursue such 
measures, as may bc compatible with her dignity, 
her safety, and her honor. 
in populatiofi, a population re- 
It is true, sir, 
tarded in growth by unt.oWard circumstances, she 
is numerically weak; but yet, sir, she is not the 
less sovereign, not tho less cntitled to all the 
rights, powers and immunities of her sister States. 
Switzerland, among the nations of Europe, so far 
as her riffhts are concerned, and as a sovereio•n 
Pov,yer, is entitled to t.he same political considera- 
tion as France, and Portugal the Same as Russia; 
and I niicl)t add, in this Confederacy of Slates, 
rida, fin' the same, reasons, is the peer and 
-For a long period of time 
equal of New York. 
Repul)iic of San Marino existed 
as an Power, with all the attributes 
of full and sovereitrnty. 
I- make these remarks, sir, because the compar- 
ative sparsity of population of my State, and her 
weakness, as it is termed, have bcen sneered at, 
as if - power alonc is to command respect, and 
oppression was to be the destiny of that people 
who do not possess the requisite physical power 
by itself to redress a wrono• or resent an insult. 
Florida, sir, weak as she is, powerless as she 
rnay appear, could not be coerced to remain in the 
Union if she chose to go out. Such an attempt 
would be resisted by a force, if necessary, of ten 
times the number of your standing Army, rushing 
to the rescue from every southern State. 
But, sir, to return. As I have before remarked, 
Florida has determined to settle for herself, and 
in her own way, the time, the mode, and manner 
of redress. She will, beyond •doubt, take into. 
consideration the action of this •very comnuittec, as 
well as all other matters connected with her at- 
titude as now presen ted, or any other which in thc 
future she may assume. 
It must bc admitted, sir, that the Representa- 
tives in this body are but the agents of the States 
from which they are respectively sent; not that 
thcy arc members solely constituted for those 
States, but, in accordance with thc doctrine of Mr. 
Burke, they are to legislate for and extend a fost- 
erin«y care over the interests of the entire Union. 
i The Representative is the agent, the Statc is the 
principal. When the Stutc acts, or assumes to 
act, the acrcncy is virtually at an end, and dis- 
solved. this were, not so; the principal and the 
a(yent would bc coequals, and possess concomi- 
tant powers, and the latter, perchance, might in- 
fringe upon the rights and authority of the former. 
It is said, if members decline to serve upon this 
committee, why be members at all? right 
have they to make this comrnittee an exception to 
the ordinary rules of leffislation? I have an- 
say further, because. I 
swercd already in part. 
havo no power of' attorney upon this subject—I 
have recei ved no instructions proper. The subject 
before the House is not one of ordinary legislation, 
but of most extraordinary character, unlooked for, 
not. anticipated when I was elected a member of 
this H 0 u sc. 
But, sir, while I have received no positive in- 
struction, confess I fecl myself virtually instruct- 
It matters but little as to the medium or 
channel by which ideas, thoughts, or wishes may 
satisfied, from all the indi- 
be conveyed. 
cations in [n y Ståle—by the unanimity which has 
characterized its acts; the settled and stern re- 
solve, from the Executive to the humblest citizen, 
to seek redress through some other agency than 
that of compromise—that, wore I to servo upon 
this committee, such assent would elicit the most 
emphatic and general denunciation. 
But, sir, I n•rust not bc understood as shrinking 
from responsibility behind the barrier of implied 
instructions. The action already taken and that 
which is incvitubly to follow chimes with my own 
views, and finds a cordial cchoil)ff response in every 
feeling and sentiment of my heart. 
So, Mr. Speaker, you must sec, that by accept- 
ing a position upon this committee I would com- 
promise myself, compromise my constituents by 
consenting to serve upon it as one of its constit- 
uent parts. .Undcr such circuuns•tanc.cs, I would 
c.crtamly deem it illiberal and unjust in the House 
to persist in my serving, thereby using its inhe- 
rcnt power of quasi c.ocrcion to produce such a 
I ask, sir, if there is any lucrnbcr of this 
result. 
body who would bo willing to do aught in the 
I-.•.louse contrary to the direct or implied instruc- 
tions of his constituents? This is my case. It is 
true, my instructions are not in- totidean terbis, l)ut 
I have shown they are implied; and with a right- 
minded man there exists no difference. 
I know, 
sir, 1 might unite in a minority report, or brilP 
in one myself; but I do not wish, through my 
agency, to throw the least obstaclc in the way of 
the committee. 
My second ground of objection to serving upon 
this committee is, that I believe its action will 
elicit no favorable results, and effect nothing. 
1 
ha.ve no confidcncc in cono•ressional legislation 
as a means of restorin• permanent peace and 
harmony to the country. Has it ever done so ? 
Havo these compromises ever brought with them 
II 
any great healing remedies for the wounds in- 
flicted upon the Constitution and the country ? 
So fat' from it, they themselves have originated 
the bitterest quarrels, producin« crixninulion and 
recrimination, each party accusingr the other of 
perfidy and breach of faith. 
The process now attempted by wa-y of pan" 
acea for the ills surrounding us, 
(though I say 
it with the greatest respect for thc motives of its 
excogitators,) I regard as the veriest empiricism, 
a cure to be effected by nostrums, herbs, emolli- 
It will not do, sir. 
ents, homeopathic doses. 
is a case of surgery. It requires the scalpel of 
a Mott or a Carnochan. The patient may be re- 
lieved for a time, but a relapse is certain to follow; 
and a relapse is always more dangerous than 
the original attack. 
As to the composition of this committee, with 
the greatest possible deference to yourself, Mr. 
Speaker, I must say, in all candor, I regard it as 
unfortunate and ill-advised. I am satisfied, sii•, if 
left to the dictates of your judgment and the hon- 
est impulses of your heart, a different råle would 
have been played, a-different formation have been 
the result. Now, sir, I do not wish to be invid- 
I have not the 
ious or personal in my remarks. 
slightest personal animosity against any member 
of this body; and whatever I utter is to be taken in 
a politicäl sense, and in the light offair criticism. 
I wish to be parliamentary, sir; so much so that 
I may even rne.ct with ihe approbation of my 
friend from Virginia. Yes, sir; i wish to bc like 
the madman in the play, who he would not 
tie his cravat without a warrant from Justice 
Overdo. 
Upon this committee, Mr. Speåker, I do not. 
see the name of any Democratfi•orn the powerful 
I believe the party in 
and mighty Northwest. 
that region numbers some several hundreds of 
thousands of voters: they had a right to be heard 
in this matter; for, though only Democrats, com- 
mon charity would suggest that they felt some 
little interest in this question, in the integrity (ind 
preservation of the Union, if preserved it can be. 
I would have been glad to have seen my friends 
from Ohio [Messrs. V ALLANDIGHAM and Cox] and 
my friends from Illinois, [Messrs. LOGAN and 
l\åCCLßRNAND,] noble and true spirits, who have 
al ways stood by the South and fough t her battles— 
I would have been glad to have seen some of their 
names upon this committee. 
I suppose this committee was intended to have 
beeli a representatite committee, one reflectinø the 
policy, the rights, the interests, the opinions of 
the people of the various States of the Union. If 
this •was not the case, the great end and aim of the 
Its. materials 
committee would not be attained. 
are singularly incongruous and heteroøeneous•, for 
we see all shades, phases, and complexions of 
political sentiment, from the strongest Republican 
to the extreme Democrat; from thc most savory 
Unionist to the rankest Secessionist. Ali this, 
however, was very proper, and necessarily arose 
from the wish to obtain a comrnittee composed of 
all these ingredients; and if these could agree, and 
did agree, the panacea would be successful. 
Now, sir, I cannotthink thåt the gentleman from 
Maryland is a fair exponent of the opinions of' 
the people of that State. 
I believe, sir, that the 
Legislature of Maryland passed some resolutions 
rather denunciatory of the gentleman—and re- 
gret to say it—for voting for you, Mr. Speaker, 
and by that vote constituting you the presiding 
officer of this body. This noay have been very 
unjust in the people of Maryland; but they seemed 
to •think that the vote for Speaker was the test of 
southern fealty, and that all who voted for you 
were either Republicans out • and out, or at least 
Republicans in sympathy and affliation,and con- 
sequentiycnemicsof one great interest of the State 
—slavery. Ifthe criterion or test before alluded to 
is correct, the appointment was not appropriate; 
for one must possess superhuman virtue to repre- 
sent honestly and faithfully a great and com- 
manding interest ofa State, when at heart he may 
be averse to that interest. 
I may do the gentle- 
man wrong; if so, I am to be corrected; but till 
then, I must be guided by the resolutions of a 
sovercign State, passed, I believe, with only one 
dissentincr voice. 
Mr. [ rise to correct one of the 
statements just made by the gentleman from 
Florida. 
Mr. HAWKINS. 1 cannot yield the floor. 
Mr. BRIGGS. The gentleman has misrepre- 
sented lne•. and all I desire to do is to correct him 
and sot myself right. He misrepresents the vote 
which I gave for you, Mr. Speakef. 
