1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
39 
committee, and am thankful to the honorable gen- 
'leman from Virginia [Mr. BOTELER] for movinc, 
Itho had not done so i would have 
in favor of it. 
aonc it; only with this difference, that I would 
have specified the matters of difference between 
the North and the South, and instructed the com- 
mittec to inquire into them, and report by bill or 
by proposing an amendment of the Federal Con- 
stitution, for their upon fair and hon- 
Indeed, I proposed an amend- 
orable principles. 
ment to the resolution offered by the gentleman 
It is in the followilp words: 
to that effect. 
Resolved, 'I'hatso Inuch of the President's annual mes- 
sage.as relates to matters of grievance bctwecn the slave- 
holding and non-slaveholding States, and the proposal by 
Congress of' mnendments t') the Constitüt ion of the Ünitcd 
States for the ratificatißn of the several States, and ot• the 
question of State secession from the Fcderal Union, bc 
reitrred to a select conunittee, to be appo:nted by tliC 
Speaken• ; and that such coininittco be instructed to inquire 
into and report by bill, or by proposing an amcndment or 
amendments to the Constitution of the United States, or 
otherwise, upon such subject; and particularly whether any 
further legislation or a:nendmcut to the Constitution ig 
necessary to give prompt, certain, and full cffcct to the fast 
clause of the second section of the föurtli -article of' the 
Constitution concerning the return of fugitives from service 
and labor." 
The temper of the House did not seem to bc 
favorable to the adoption of this amendment, and 
hcncc it was exciuded by a motion for thc provi- 
it) which I was quiescent, as I 
ous question; 
agtccd with the gent\eman from Virginia in the 
general purpose of his resolution. 
With regard to the personality of the comrnit- 
tee., I have nothing to say in censure or in criti- 
I am persuaded that 
cism. On the contrary, 
every member of che committee will act in a spirit 
of patriotism, and for the best interests of the 
country. The. crisis demands it, and the corn- 
miltee cannot fall short of' its dcmands without 
incurrino an onerous responsibility to history and 
to posterity. They arc charged with the solemn 
and transcendent duty of providi0ff for the ptos- 
crvation of tho Government itself; and according 
as they may perform that duty, they will be 
applauded or condemned. 
Of the chairman of the committcc, thc honor- 
able qcntlcman from Ohio, [Mr. Conw1N,] it will 
be enough to say that he is a statesman of great 
experience and public reputation; and that, in 
iustice to his own fame as well as to the country, 
he will do his best to preserve both from injury. 
Differing from him, as I do, upon almost every 
question of internal policy, and particularly upon 
the slavery question, I am frank to say this of 
him. O? the distinguished gentleman from Vir- 
ginia, [Mr. MILLSON,] I may say that hc is as 
disinterested as he is firm, and as patriotic as ho 
I have the 
wise. I have no fears of hiln. 
utmost confidence in his moderation and integrity 
—-a confidence that is thc»growth of fifteen years 
expericnce and observation Like Aristides, he 
is a moral hero, capable of watching, by the 
flickering torches of night upon the battle-field, 
the priceless spoil wrung from a vanquished foe, 
untempted and unawed. 
When the question of secession comes up in a 
pi•actical form, I will be prepared to takc my po- 
sition upon it, in the view of the House and of 
tho nation; and having taken it, will endeavor to 
maintain it to the utmost of my limited influence, 
and by all the. legitimate means in my power. 
Until then i will forbear to enter into it, preferring, 
rather, to obey the dictate of the scriptural proverb 
which dictates t.hat 4' sumcient unto the day is the 
I will only say now, that no more 
evil thereof. " 
fearful question could c»vage the attention of this 
body. It discloses to my vision a boundless sea 
of horrors. Peaceable secession, in my judgment, 
is a fatal, a deadly illusion. T hc Government, in 
itself, may be weak, comparatively weak; but it 
is strong in the moral sentiment and patriotic feel- 
ing of the country. In this respect it is, or at least 
ough t to be, the strongestGovernmentin the world , 
for it is t.he most beneficent one in the world. 
Bound together as one people, by a common lan- 
guage, a common religion, common rivers, mount- 
ains and lakes, civil war alone, in my opinion, 
can sunder us into broken fragments—a tremen- 
dous civil war, such a war as would choke 
our rivers with carnacre and discolor our inland 
seas with human blood; such a vy'tu• as never 
before fattened the earth with human slaughter. 
It would not be awar in whiéh Greek met Greek, 
but Anglo-Saxon Anglo-Saxon; father son; and 
brother brother. 
I their whole vote is one million, five hundred..and 
If I am asked, why so? I retort the question', 
how can it be otherwise? How are the questions 
of public debt, public archives, public lands, and 
other public property, and, above the ques- 
tions of boundary, to be settled? Will it be re- 
plied, that, while we arc muti_tally unwilling now 
to yield anything, we will be Inutually willing, 
afterawhile, to concede everything? That, while 
we mutually refuse to concede anything now fpr 
tho sake of national unity, we Will be mutually 
ready to concede cvcrything by and by for thc 
sake of national duality? Who believes this? 
What, too, would be the fate of the youthhll 
I but giant Northwest, in thc event ofa separation 
of the slaveholding from the non-slaveholding 
States? Cut off from the main Mississippi and 
the Gulf of *Mexico on one hand, or from the cast- 
ern Atlantic ports on the other, she would grad- 
ually sink into a pastoral State, and to a standard 
of national inferiority. This the hardy and ad- 
vcnturous millions of the Northwest would be 
unwilling to consent to. This they would not do. 
Rather would they, to the last man, perish upon 
the battle field. No power on earth could restrain 
them from freely and unconditionally communi- 
cating with the Gulf and the great mart of New 
York. Any attempt to prevefit them from doing 
so would be as vain as the attempt to stay thc 
rushing waters of the great father of rivers 'by a 
fisherman 's net, or to restrain the irresistible ex- 
pansion of steam by an egg shell. Of themselves 
rather would they say: 
No pent-up Utica contracts onr powers, 
For the whole boundless continent is ours." 
'.rhcgentleman from Florida [Mr. HAWKINS] has 
alluded to the fact that the northwestern, nay, the 
whole northern Democracy, are excluded from 
any representation on the committec of thirty- 
three; and has urged that as one reason why he 
should be excused from serving on the commit- 
I appreciate the gentleman 's motives in al- 
tcc. 
luding to this act of injustice, and sincerely thank 
Ilin-i for his generous and manly condemnation of 
it; yet, the very reason hc urges for asking to be 
excused is the very one why I will vote against 
It is important that some Dcmo- 
excusing him. 
crats should be upon the committee; and if north- 
ern ones cannot be, at least let southern ones be, 
This is my view of the matter; and if, in carry- 
ing it out, I should seem to act ungraciously, I 
hope the gentleman from Florida will pardon me. 
For Ine now 1101 to notice thc slight thrown 
upon 111 y constituents in the orQyanizut-ion of this 
committee would be to show myself less jealous 
of their rights and honor than the gentleman from 
i would be 
Florida has showrn himself to be. 
recreant to duty if I did not do so. • Indeed, if he 
had not brought the matter to the notice of the 
House and the country, I would have done it. 
The committee of thirty-three, as an extrao•.•- 
dinary measure, x.vas called for, in thc languaoe 
of the resolution raising it, by the " perilous con- 
sixty-four thousand six hundred and fifty; 
showing that the vote of the northern Democracy 
alone is greater than that which clected :éither 
Pierce or Buchanan, and- is larger than- that ever 
before polled in any presidential election. 
And how is it with the other ,political torgani- 
zations in the country ? Let facts speak for-them- 
selves. With a popular vote, according to ,die 
same returns, of five hundred and eighty. thoti• 
sand two hundred and forty-nine, in the- same 
election, the Union party is represented by thrée 
i of its members on the committee. With a popu- 
lar vote of six hundred and seventy-five thou- 
sand seven hundred and eighty-two, the Breckin-, 
ridge party is represented. by six members; while 
the Republican party, comparatively with but 
few more Votes, aggregately; than the national 
Democracy, and no votes in most of the slave- 
holdinø States, and only twenty-six thousand 
five hundred and eight votes in all of them, is 
represented by fourteen members. The gentle- 
man from Tennessee [Mr. MAYNARD] corrects 
me, by saying there are sixteen. -If so, then the 
Republican party, with only one million eight 
hundred and fbrty-six thousand two hundred 
and three votes, is represented by sixteen mem- 
bers; whilc all the votes opposed to him, in -the 
late election, amounting to two million eight hun• 
dred and twenty thousand six hundred and eighty- 
one, are only reprcsentcd by eleven member's. 
How unjust such constitution of an important 
committee! There is no parallcl or precedent for 
it in parliamentary history, so far as f know. I 
can only account for such unfairness, such injus- 
tice, by attributing it to tho malignity of disap- 
pointed personal ambition, or to a facile surren- 
der of official manhood to party dictation, or to 
the implacable resentmentof the Republican party 
to their uncompromising political opponents in 
the Democratic ranks of - the North. In this way 
only can account for it. 
If it be answered that California and Oregon 
are renrcsentcd on {lic committcc by Democrats, 
then answer, in the language of friend from 
Ohio, [Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM,] who has anticipated 
mc in much that I intended to say, no thanks to 
the Chair for that. Those States are only repre- 
sented by Dcmocrats on this floor, and there was 
no other alternative thau to appoint a D.emocrat 
If therc had been, they too, 
from each of t.hem. 
no doubt, would have been i"nored. 
In view of the unhappy condition of the coun- 
try, of thc dangers which now threaten its very 
' existence, I had supposed that a powerful and 
victorious party would have raised itself to- the 
level of tho occasion, and forgetting thc low am- 
bition of demarrogues and thc mean ends of party , 
acted as became Americans, in a spirit of patriot- 
ism and for the good of the country. But in this 
I find myself lamentably mistaken. I still find 
that thc Republican party is incapable of learning 
dition of the country," and was designed, no II anything; 
that its only spring of action is party 
doubt, by the mover of it, to combine the influ- hate and the hope of offcial spoils. 
This flagrant •act of wholesalc- proscription is, 
enco of every political organization in the coun- 
try in favor of a satisfactory accommodation of no doubt, but the inauguration of, a system of 
the angrv questions n•ow agitating and distracting 
the public mind. Assuming this to be so, I am 
more than surprised that the northern Democracy 
arc wholly unrepresented on it. W h v have they 
been thus disfranchised? Is it because there ace 
no Democrats here from the North to represent 
them? Not so: there are some twenty-five or 
thirty Democrats here from the North, any of 
whom, exclusive of myself, is worthy of a place 
on the committee, and capable of asgistincr its 
counsels to a wise determination. As for myself, 
i I neither desired nor expected to be placed on the 
committee. 
What, then, is the cause of this offensivc dis- 
crimination ? Is it because, in the course ofevents, 
the northeL•n Democracy have become insignifi- 
It 
cant in numbers and influence? I deny it, sir. 
is true, they were defeated in the late presidential 
I election; but they are not conquered. Dema- 
gogism, fraud, and corruption, have overcome 
them for the time, but only for the time. What- 
I ever may be the issue of our present national 
troubles, they will soon reffttin an ascendency. 
Although defeated in the latc electi0Yl, they polled, 
according to official and •unofficial returns, one 
million three hund rod and forty-three thousand 
i proscription of which tho northern Democracy 
are to be made the especial victims. And whatis 
our offense in the eyes of Republicanism? 
that we have stood unfalteringly by the Consti- 
tution and the rights of' property, as guarantie.d 
by it. This is the head and front of our offend- 
ing; and for this the accumulated wrath of eight 
years disappointment is now about to be launched 
upon our devoted heads by a vindictive ahd 
merciless party. Yet wc ure told that our friends 
of the South, whose battles we have been fight- 
ing, are now about to desert usin the hour of Our 
extremity by withdrawing from the Union. 
will not bclicve it until I am forced to do so. I 
will not believe this of the gallant and generous 
I will not believe it of Illinois' 
men of the South. 
neighbors, Kentucky and Missouri. Neither wili 
I believe itof old Virginia; nor of Maryland; nor 
of Tennessee, the home of the immortaÄ Jackson ; 
nor of any of the southern States. If they are 
wronged, let them seek redress in the Union; 
first by all lawful methods, and next,- if necessary, 
by other means, but still as members of the Con- 
federacy. Let them do this, and we will still 
I stand by them in the right, as of yore..- Aban- 
doning us, however, to our fate, what must be 
one hundred and eighty-four votes; and, including i I our revulsion of feeling towards the South? I will 
not undertake to say, only so far as to predict 
I the vote of the national Democracy in the South* 
