1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Mr. HOUSTON. presume the second branch 
of "'t'he amendment falls with the first. 
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. move that the 
House do now adjourn. 
[Cries of No 
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the House will not 
adjourn until this bill is passed. 
SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from 
Kentucky insist on his motion? 
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. No, sir; I with- 
draw it. 
The question was then taken on the second 
branch of the amendment, and it was disagreed 
to. 
The question then recurred on the followinc 
amendment proposed by Mr. CRAWFORD: 
Strike out the fifteenth section of the bill ; which is as 
follows : 
Sec. 15. and be it further enacted, That -all moneys 
hereafter contracted for under the authority of an act en- 
titled 'An act authorizing a loan, and providing for the 
redemption of Treasury notes,' approved June 22, 1860, 
shall be used in redemption of Treasury notes now out- 
standing, and those to bc issued under this act, and to re- 
place in the Treasury any atnount in said notes which 
shall have been paid and received for public dues, and for 
no other purpose 
And insert in lien thereof the followin«: 
SEC. 15. vand be it further enacted, That so much of the 
act entitled "An act authorizing a loan, and providint' för 
the redemption of 'lireasurv notes," approved Juno '22, 
1860, as cniposvers the President to borrow a suen oxceed- 
ing $10,000,000, is bcreby repealed, it being intended that 
the annount of rrreasury notes authorized hy the preset)t. 
act shall take the place of the said loan beyond thc sum 
already contracted {Or. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think that amendment 
would very seriously embarrass the negotiation 
of these Treasury notes. The present loan law 
authorizes a loan of $21,000,000. tren million 
of that amount has been contracted for. Eleven 
By the pro- 
million is yet to bc contracted for. 
visions of this bill, Treasury notes are substituted 
'for one or two years for the balance of the loan; 
but the loan is reserved, to be necrotiated at a 
future time, and to pay off the Treasury notes. 
The amendment of the gentleman from Georgia 
repeals the balance of the loan bill, and will very 
materially affect the value of the Treasury notes. 
There would then bc no provision for the pay- 
ment of the Tr•easury notes, cxccpt the ordinary 
revenues of the Government, which wc all know 
to be wholly insufficient. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 desire to say, in reply 
to what has fallen from the chairrna•n of the Corn- 
miltee of Ways and Means, that my amendment 
simply repeals so much of the act of the 22d of 
June last as authorizes a loan of $10,000,000. 
That is all that it does; and I beg gentlenu•n to 
remember that this Treasury note bill will not 
expire, by its own limitation, until the 1st of Jan- 
uary, 1863; and it is certainly reasonable to sup- 
pose that the Government will bc prepared to 
make arrangements to meet these Treasury notes 
before that timo arrives. 
Mr. SHERMAN. With the permission of 
the genbleman, will say that, by the prpvisions 
of thc loan bill, the President of the United States 
is authorized at any time to Contract for the bal- 
ance of that loan, whenever in his opinion the 
I take it, the gentle- 
public service requires it. 
man from Georgia does not desire to keep out the 
Treasury notes as a kind of currency. It would 
be better to allow the Treasury Department to 
recieve the Treasury notes, and substitute a loan. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. By no manner of means 
do I desire to do that thing; but I cannot see why 
the act of last session, authorizing a loan of 
$20,000,000, shall now, by this bill, be made to 
stand over to the 1st of January, 1863, in order 
that we mhy provide to-day for the payment of 
the #10,000,000 of Treasury notes to be issued; 
because, if they circulate as money, there will be 
no necessity for their payment. The Treasury 
Department tell us that they can get on with 
$10,000,000 of Treasury notes, and t'hey are per- 
feetly willing that we shall repeal so much of the 
act of last session as au thorizes the issue of a loan 
of $10,000,000 by the Government. Wherefore, 
then, the necessity of giving them 
in Treasury notes, and a loan of 
swer that question. I know that a loan could not 
be negotiated as well by the Government. as Treas- 
ury notes, which will answer the purpose. We 
can pass tl'lcm at par; but if we attempt to nego- 
tiate a loan tile loss will be heavy, and the Treas- 
ury Department say they can get along with 
$10,000,000 of Treasury notes. 
will not detain the House longer, as I know 
gentlemen arc anxious to adjourn. 
I, ask for a 
vote on my proposition. 
T hc question was taken, and the amendment 
was disagreed to. 
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and 
read a third time; and, beino• encn•ossed, it was 
accordingly read the third time. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved the previous question 
on. the passage of the bill. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered. 
Mr. BARKSDALE demanded the yeas and 
nays on the passage of the bill. 
The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
The bill was passed. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider upon the tablö. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I offer the follow- 
ing resolution : 
Resoteed by the House of Representatives, That we prop- 
erly estin)at.e the immensc value of our national Union to 
that we cherish 
our collective and individual happiness ; 
a cordial, habitual, and immovable attachment to it; that 
we will speak of it as of the palladium of' our political 
safety and prosperity ; 
that we will wat.eh its preservation 
witli jealous anxiety; that we will discountenancc what- 
ever nmy suagest even a suspicion that it can, in any event, 
be abandoned, and indignautly frown upon tm first dawn- 
ing of every attempt to alienate any portion of our country 
from the rest, or cnfecble thc sacred ties which now link 
toaether the various parts ; that we regard it as a main 
pillar in the edifice of our real independence, the support 
of tranquillity at home, o.ur peace abroad, our safety, our 
prosperity, and that. very liberty which •vve so highly prize ; 
that we have scen nothing ill tbc past, nor do we see any 
present, either in the election of Abraham 
thing in the 
Lincoln to the Presidency of the United States, or from 
any other existing cause, to justif'y its dissolution ; that We 
regard its perpetuity as or unore value than the temporary 
that whatever evils or 
triumph of any party or any man ; 
abuses exist under it ought to be corrected within the 
Union,-in a peaceful and constitutional way ; that wc be- 
licve it has sutlicient power to redrcss every wrong and 
enforce every right growing out of' its organization or per- 
taining to its proper functions; and that it is a patriotic 
duty to stand by it as our hope in pe&e and our (iefi2nsein 
vvar. 
Mr. BURCH. 1 move that the I-louse do now 
adjourn. 
Mr. MORRIS, d' Illinois. Do 1 understand 
that my resolution will be considered the first 
thing to-morrow morning, if the House should 
adjourn now ? 
'Mr. BURNETT. That will depend on whether 
the resolution is in order or not. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Then, 1 will have 
the floor in the morning if the House adjourn 
now. 
Mr. COX. I object. to such an understanding. 
Mr. MORRIS, Illinois. Then raise the 
point of order that the gentleman from California 
[Mr. BURCHI has no right to move an adjourn- 
ment while I am occupying the floor. 
I believe I was recoc»nized by 
Mr. BURCH. 
If so, I surely had the right to make 
the Chair. 
the motion. 
had the floor, and 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
did not yield to the gentleman from California to 
I now, if there be any 
move an adjournment. 
objection to the resolution, move to suspend the 
rules. 
Mr. WINSLOW. Irise to a point of order. 
Is therc not already a question before the House 
••.vhich is not decided? 
The SPEAKER. There is. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. My motion being 
entered on the Journal, I am now willing to give 
wav to a motion to adjourn. 
NIt•. ADRAIN. 1 move that the I-louse do now 
adjourn. 
Mr. BIJRNETT. 1 desire to know whether 
there is not a motion now pending which calls for 
the couriesy of the gentleman from; llfinois;aand 
I moVed an 
The motion •was egreed to; and; -ther.eüpori (at 
ten minutes past four o'clock i p. the' House 
adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
TUESDAY, December 1.1, 1860.. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gunny. 
The Journal ofyesteiday was read and appro#ed-. 
110USE BILLS REFERRED. 
The bill (No. 50) to construe the word mini- 
naum" price of the public lands, and for other 
purposes, from the House of Represent- 
atives yesterday, was read twice by its -title, and 
referred to the Committee on Pubhc Lands. 
APPROPRIATION BILLS. 
On motion of Mt•. HUNTER, the following 
bills, received from the House of Representatives 
yesterday, were read twice by their titles, and 
referred to the Committee on Finance: 
A bill (H. R. No. 861) making appropriations 
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of 
the United States for the year ending 30th June, 
1862; and 
A bill (H. R. No. 862) making appropriations 
for tho support of the Military Academy for the 
year ending the 30th June, 1862. 
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 inquire the chairman of 
the Printing Com'Y1ittee whether the reports of 
the Departments have bccn ordered to be printed. 
Mr. F ITCH. The usual number has been 
ordered. By the way, if I mistake not, the ques- 
tion is now pending on a motion made by the 
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. HALE,] to 
reconsider. I presume the Senator will withdraw 
that, and permit the question to I.)C put. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That n-10tion has 
alrcady been withdrawn, by thc consent of the 
Senate, as the Chair understands. 
Mr. FITCH. 'l'hen suppose it is in order 
to put the question on printing the usual number; 
has that question already been put ? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'The Chairregards 
that order as having been made. 
Mr. FITCH. Then I offer the followil)ff res- 
olution: 
I That 
extra n umbers of the message of the 
President, with the accompanying docu:nents, be printed. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator 
ask for tbc present consideration Of thc resolu- 
tion ? 
Mr. FITCH. 1 suppose that it should be 
ferred to the Cornmittee on Printing, according to 
the usual course. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will -be so re- 
fen-ed. 
ADMISSION OF KANSAS. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, 1 wish to 
call up the House bill of the last session for- the 
admission of Kansas, l.vith a view of making it 
the order of the day for some futurc day. I -dc- 
sire to have it made the special order for Tuesday 
next. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 object to taking it up now, 
and I will give a reason it. There are certain 
laws, not yet received from that Territory , which 
I think have an important bearino• on tho bill, and 
we expect them every day. I sent to the State 
Department for them last week. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Territorial laws? 
Mr. GREEN. Territorial laws. 
I therefore 
object to making any special order of it now. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is already a 
special order on the Calendar. 
Mr. GREEN. It can remain as it is. 
Mr. COLLAMER. I'vfr. President, we are 
aware that our list of special orders, madc from 
time to time, covers a large number of bills, some 
If we wait 
of which will never be reached at an. 
for it to come up on the list of special orders, we 
k therefore ask that it 
Inay MI-ait a long while. 
be taken up, with a view of fixing a day för its 
Mr. N'IAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman the action of the House prior to the consideration consideration. 
if proposals have not already been issued for ne- of the gentleman's resolution. That question is 
do not know, Mr. President, what the gen- 
I tleman alludes to as beineimportaut. If he think-s 
II iiiformation to which he alludes is important, 
gotiatine thc balance of the loan of on excusing the gentleman from Florida from ser- 
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not know whether vice on a committee. 
I cannot an- Mr. A DRAIN. I believe I I-rad the floor, by that is enough for me, and tliat might constitute 
proposals have beelbissued or not. 
