THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOI-IN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
sir; they have never operated to prevent the exe- 
cütionof the fugitive slavc law. As I said the 
other day, it has' been mob and mob law will 
always exist, and svill always produce these re- 
sults, as long as the Union and slavery last to- 
gethet•. Whenever a fugitive slave from any of 
the southern States is accidently discovered in one 
of the free States, and the owner goes, in pursu- 
ance of the laws and the Constitution, to reclaim 
him, what follows? If he obtains the arrest of 
his slave, before he gets to a court of justice, or 
even after the judgment of the court remands him 
into the possession of his owner, there is a mob 
of free negroes, and of whites who are only one 
degree removed from their colored brethren in 
brutality and ignorance; they assemble and wrest 
the slave from the possession of his 0',vner; and 
the conservative masses of the northem States, 
the gentle, those who are in favor of justice and 
who believe that the owner is entitled, under the 
Constitution and law, to reclaim his fugitivc 
slaves—do what? They stand by with folded arms, 
and look upon these mobs, and laugh to scorn the 
southern people who complain. the Senator 
from New Hampshire, [Mr. HALE,] the other 
day, said that he believed the southern people 
were entitled to the reclamation of their fugitive 
slaves; and yet, how often has he st.ood by and 
seen these mobs execute their purpose, and how.' 
often has he attempted to control or to correct 
this vitiated public sentiment? Sir, he has stim- 
ulated it; and so have all the other Republican 
party members who have power and influence 
over public sentiment at the North. These are 
the facts in relation to thc public sentiment on this 
fugitive slave law. What more is it expected of 
Congress to do on this subject? Docs thc honor- 
able Senator from Kentucky by his resolution 
propose to amend the fugitive slave law? 
It has been suggested by gentlemen that a rem- 
edy may be found in the alteration of the Consti- 
tution, or in some act of C0Ylgress, by which the 
States, the free States, who secrete and refuse to 
bring back our slaves, shall be made liable in 
damages for the value of the slaves. Has that 
ever entered into the heads of sensible men? lu 
the first place, what woultsuch a law be worth ? 
You cannot sue a State; a State, in its sovereign 
capacity, cannot be brought into court; and if a 
thousand slaves were seized by Magsachusetts, 
and refused to be surrendered, how could you sue 
the State of Massachusetts, and malæ her liable 
for the value of the slaves? That would be im- 
practicable and impossible. Besides, you would 
have to sue in a court of Massachusetts; and the 
jury who were to decide upon the rights of the 
slaveholders would bc a jury of Abolitionists; 
and the defendants, who wcrc to bc mulct in dam- 
ages, would be tho party, the court, the jury, and 
the judge, to decide the claim of the owner. All 
such propositions as that are a mere mockery; 
and no sensible man can for a moment suppose 
that such a remedy as that could ever be enforced, 
or would be worth a dollar or a cent to the south- 
ern people. 
Then, sir, is it proposed by conmrcssional legis- 
lation to appease the southern States by the adop- 
tion of the doctrine of congressional protection to 
slavery in the Territoriesofthe United States? Is 
that the object of the remedy which this resolution 
is intended to find out and adopt? Sir, I want to 
know who expects that such a remedy as that will 
ever be accorded by this Congress or any other ? 
We know that the Republican party, so far as 
they are concerned, are a unit against any such 
provision. It was the great shibboleth on which 
they fought the recent battle and won it. It is the 
great principle which stands at the very basis of 
their political organization , that slavery shall never 
advance one inch beyond its present boundaries, 
and shall never plant a footpnnt in any Territory 
of the United States. they yield iO congres- 
sional protection? •No, sif. Put It as you please, 
either in the form of a law or an amendment to 
the Constitution, it must necessarily meet with 
the objection of every Republican—overy one of 
the onc million eight hundred and fifty thousand 
4 
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1860. 
who have recently cast their votes, on this very 
principle, for Lincoln and Hamlin. And how 
many of the northern Democracy will be brought 
to its support? We know well that, so far as a 
portion of the northern Democracy arc concerned , 
they are as hostile to this principle as the Repub- 
licans themselves. 
In this Chamber, tho north- 
ern Douglas-non-interference-squatter-sovereign- 
ty party is represented by the distinguished Sen- 
ator from Illinois himself, and his friend and ally 
from Ohio, [Mr. PUGH.] Would they vote for it? 
W c havc all heard, on a previous occasion, the 
distinguished Senator from Ohio say that he would 
let his right arm rot from its socket before he would 
give congressional protection to slavery in the 
Territories. Now, sir, what are we to expect, so 
far as that is concerned, from congressional legis- 
lation? How futile would be the attempt to get 
congressional protection to slave property by law ! 
And, sir, I tell Senators here to-day, that the 
southern people will never be satisfied with any- 
thing short of concn•essional protection to slavery 
in the Territories. We know our rights under 
the Constitution. W c stand as cquål States ill 
this Confederacy, and we are entitled to an equal 
participation in the common property. W c know 
well that I,ve can never enjoy equal possession of 
the Territories without protection to our property. 
We know well where the Wilmot proviso and 
non-intervention and squatter sovereignty will 
lead. They will lead to the total and eternal ex- 
clusion of the soutliern people from every Terri- 
tory of the United States, either now or hcreafter 
to be obtained. Sir, we svrill ncvcr submit to any 
such interdiction as that. W c ali entitled to the 
protection of our property, and wc intend to have 
It in the Union if ',ve can get it, and out of thc 
Union if we cannot. 
Sir, I understand the object and the ultimate 
end •and aim of all this prohibitory legislation, 
eitlier in the form of tbc Wilmot proviso, or in 
the shape of non-intervention and popular sover- 
eignty. The result of both is to exclude the 
South from entrance into the Territories with her 
slave property, and thus to circumscribe the area 
of slavery; to hem it in on all sides, and, by the 
opcrations of the Federal Government on tho 
border States, to compel them, as a matter of pol- 
icy and interest, to get rid of their slaves, and to 
precipitate them upon the extrerne sou thern States. 
It will be but % few years from this time before 
the border slave States in the Union will become 
free States. Let this Government pass into the 
hands of the Republican party, as It is about to 
do; them be seated in power, as they are about 
to he; let them get possession of the two Houses 
of Congress, as they will get possession of them 
in loss than two years from this time; Ict them 
brintr all the power and patronage of this Gov- 
ernment to bear on the border Sates; let it be 
understood, as it will be understood, that the 
Government is divorced from slavery, and that 
it will be left entirely to the people of the States 
themselves, with no sympathy and aid from the 
Federal Government, to maintain the institution 
in hours of difficulty and danger; 
Ict the post 
office and the mails be put into the hands of the 
Republican party, disseminating their scditious 
tracts through every holc and corner of thc south- 
ern States; let all the power and patronage of the 
Federal Government be brought to l)ear on the 
slave States, encourao•ino• incendiarism, John 
Brown raids, murderings, poisonings, and re- 
volts, and what will be the condition of the bor- 
der States? Sir, such will be their condition that 
slavery will become a burden to them instead of 
a blessing; and to get rid of it, such of their slaves 
as the underground railroad does not take off to 
the North and to Canada will be sent down to 
the. cotton States to bc sold, and Maryland and 
Virginia and Kentucky and Missouri will, in a 
few years, add to tho power and arrogance of the 
free States of this Confederacy. 
Such, sir, will be the inevitable result, in my 
opinion, of the continuance of this Union; and 
the slaves thus carried off f'rom the border States 
and sold to the South will be confined in a few 
NEW SERIES..,...NO.4•. 
I years to some eight or ten of •the-Atlantic and 
Gulf States. Well, now, look at the process. -WO 
have. now in the •southern States four and a half 
million slaves. They increase, according to the 
census tables, at the rate of about thirty-two -per 
cent. every ten years. If you precipitate all this 
slave population into the eight or ten States to 
which I have referred, in ten years from this time 
we shall have nearly six million slaves; in twenty 
years, eight or nine million; in thirty years, 
twelve or fifteen million. Sir, in less than twenty 
years from the present time, by this inevitable 
process, the slave population of the southern 
States will be largely predominant over the whites; 
and then wili come universal emancipation by the 
action of the Federal Government, or such scenes 
of murder between the two races-a-s have never 
been seen or heard of in the world'S history. 
Such, in my opinion, is the inevitable resült•of 
these causes, and this is the policy of the free 
•States, of the sagacious men. who lead this mov€* 
ment ofanti-slavery. They understand, as well 
I and other men at the South do, how these things 
are to work out; and they are shaping their course. 
so as to bring about these very results, and in that 
very form; and loncy before this event occurs, the 
free States iVill be swelled up to a majority that 
will be irresistible; 
the border States will have 
become free; the Territories west of our present 
frontier will have been manufactured into free 
States, under tbc hot-bed process of northern and 
foreign abolition immigration ; and in a fex,v years 
we shall have free State after free State admitted 
into the Union, and the SouEh lying at the very 
feet of the northern people. 
Sir, the border slave States of this Union com- 
plain of the cotton States for the movement which 
IS now in progress. They say that we have no 
right to take them out of the Union againSt their 
I want to know what right they have to 
keep us in the Union against our will. If we 
want to go out, let us go. If they want to stay, 
let them stay. They are sovereign and inde- 
pendent States, and have a right to •decide these 
questions for themselves. For one, I shall not 
complain when, where, or how they go. I am 
satisfied, however, that they will go when the 
time comes for them to decide. But, sir, they 
complain of us that we make so much noise and 
confusion on the subject of fugitive slaves when 
we are not affected by the vitiated •public senti- 
ment of the northern States. They say that we 
do not lose fugitive slaves; but they suffer the 
burden. We heard that, yesterday. know that 
we do not suffer in this respect; it is not the want 
of good faith in the northern people, so far as the 
reclamation of fugitive slavcs concerned, that is 
causing the soulhern States around the Gulf 
Mexico and the southern Atlantic coast to move 
in this great revolution now- progressirig. Sir, 
we look infinitely beyond this petty loss of a féw 
nwroes. We knom,v what is coming in this Union. 
It is universal emancipation, and the turning 
loose upon society in the southern States of the 
mass of corruption which will be made by eman- 
cipation. We intend to avoid it if we can. These 
border States can get along without slavery. 
Their soil and climate are appropriate to white 
labor; they can live and flourish without African 
slavery; but the cotton States cannot. We are 
obliged to have African slavery to cultivate our 
cotton, our rice, and our sugar fields.' African 
slavery is essential not only to our prosperity, 
but to our existence as a people. With this con- 
viction, it is not surprisino• or singular that we, 
looking at the storm which is brewing in the 
North, and coming to overwhelm us, are for seek- 
ing safcty while we can, and cutting loose from 
all this clement which is to operate on us and 
bring these terrible evils to pass, and setting up 
for ourselves an independent sovereignty, upon 
which none of these causes can produce any effect. 
And now, Mr President, again recurring to 
that question, I tell Senators that the southern 
States now moving for secession : will- never be 
satisfied with any concession made by the North 
that does not fully recognize, not on, y the exist- 
