50 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 11, 
ence of slavery in its present form, but the right 
of the southern people to emigrate to the common 
Territories with their •slave property, and their 
right to congressional protection while thc&rri- 
toi•ial existence lasts. The recent battle in the 
South- wmas töught upon that very issue. The 
friends. of Mr. Breckinridge put him upon the 
very gfound of congressional protection to slave 
properiy in -the Territories, and it was upon that 
ground that he carried the. cotton States. I know 
that there was a small party that were opposed 
to •thu principle. They followed the lead of the 
distinguished Senator from Illinois, who was 
their candidate for the Presidency; but how small 
—I had. almost said how contemptible—the ele- 
ment in the southern States 'Vho advocated his 
views! Look at the popular vote; that will tell 
the tale. Those wlio supported the third candi- 
date, Mr. Bell, were for congressional protection 
too, because in my State, as in others, his lead- 
ers and friends urged upon the people his support 
upon thO very ground that he was an avowed ad- 
vocatc of protection to slave property in the Ter- 
ritories. And now, sir, it is a fact X.vekl known 
to those who understand the case, that a large 
portion of the friends of Mr. Bell are the most 
ardent leaders in, and supporters of, this move 
ment of secession; and ib is because they have 
lost all hope of getting-protection under the Con- 
stitution and in the Union. Gentlemen need not 
mistake the popular sentiment of the southern 
States. I do not speak for the borderslave States. 
I spéak- for the cotton States. They need not 
mistake the sentiment which wo entertain. 
in favor of congressional protection, and no con- 
gressional legislation or amendrnentof the Con- 
stitution that falls short of it will ever be, or 
ought cver to be, accepted by the South. Now, 
what prospect have we of getting that? None 
here, I am satisfied—none anywhere. Therefore 
whence the necessity or use of this resolution of 
the Senator from Kentucky? None, that I can 
see. 
But, sir, suppose the object of this resolution be 
to present amendments to the Constitution (Fivinrr 
to the southern States additional constitutional 
guarantees: I want to know of the friends of the 
resolution what particular guarantees they are ex- 
pecting to get from the northern States? W hut 
concessions? I do not believe that any conces- 
sions can be obtained; and if they werc obtained, 
of what value would they be, grunted by interest 
and frar?- I do not use the terms in an offensive 
sense; I speak only politically. The North, if 
théy yield at all, yield from an apprehension that 
the South is going to dissolve the Union, and they 
yield from fear oftkÜconsequences. Of what value 
would any concessions made under these circum- 
stances be to the South? Nay, sir, I want.to know 
of what value any concessions, any guarantees, 
or any pledges from thc northern States will bc to 
the South? Nonc,as longae this vitiated public 
sentiment of anti-slavery exists in the hearts and 
minds of the northern people. And when is that 
ever going to be changed? Never, as long as the 
It is a part not only of their literary 
Union lasts. 
education, but of their religious creed. It enters 
into all the ramifications of' society. It pervades 
the pulpit, the halls of legislation, the popular as- 
semblies, the school-houses—all teach thedoctrine 
G' irrepressible conflict;" and how many 
of the 
arguments in favor of slavery, its morality, its -so- 
Cial and poli tical advantages, ever reach the north- 
ern eye and the northern oar? How are you going 
to reform this public sentiment in the northern 
States? How are you ever going to arouse it? 
There is but one way, and that is to let the south- 
ern States go out of this Union; and when the 
northern people see that that is a fixed fact, and 
come to t*Ste the consequences of their madness 
and folly, then they will begin to inquire and look 
into the subject, and public sentiment inay recoil 
and a sound state of opiniorp may possibly arise 
in the northern States; then, and not until then. 
Jut, sir, suppose that constitutional guarantees 
are presented by this committee; suppose they 
report and propose amendments to thc Consti- 
tution•, suppose they propose everything which 
the southern Statesor the southern people could 
in reason ask, or demand: what reliance can the 
South place upon the fäithful Qbsevyaoce of those 
guarantees by the North? bcptet• guaran- 
tees can be roade than the guarantees Gf Cop- 
If they were carried out in good 
stitution now ? 
faith, they are all that the South would ask, or 
expect, or demand. How many of them have 
been violated by the northern people? Sir, look 
back to the history of our country.. The Con- 
stitution was formed as a compromise; and one of 
its terms was that new States might be admitted 
into the Union. At thé time of the forrnation of 
the Constitution, all the States held slaves with 
the exception of a single State, and it certainly 
was never contemplated that the existence of 
slavery in a new State should be a valid objection 
If that had been understood, 
to its admission. 
the southern States would never have entered 
into this bond of Union. What was the result? 
When the Government had been scarcely a quar- 
ter of a century in operation, the northern States 
refused to admit a southern State into the Union 
bccausc her constitution tolerated slavery. I 
allude to the case of Missouri. The obstinate 
opposition of the northern States, then• opposi- 
tion to slavery, their violation of the spirit of the 
Constilution in this respect, drove the South, for 
the sake of peace and harmony and the preserva- 
tion of the Union, to adopt a degrading and dis- 
honorinm compromise. There was thc first vio- 
lation upon the part of the North of that great 
spirit of colnprmnise in which the Constitution 
had been made. 
Again: in 1844. when Texas applied for admis- 
Sion into the Union as a slave State, who opposed 
it, and upon what principle was tl'le opposition 
made? The opposition came from the northern 
States, and slavery was the ground upon which 
they put their opposition to the admission of 
It was admitted, however, in despite of 
Tcxas. 
this principle which existed in the northern niind 
In 1848, whe•n Territories 
even at that tin•xe, 
were obtaincd from Mexico, •with what faith did 
the North observe even the Missouri compro- 
mise which they had forced upon the South ? 
In 
1848 the South proposed to ru the Missouri 
compromise linc to the Pacific ocean and apply 
it to all rret•ritories which the Government 
then possessed. T hc North refused it by a pos- 
itive vote; in the of Representatives hy a 
they refused to carry 
u nan i n o rlh ern v o te 
out that compromise in good faith and in the 
it. was Inade. There was a pal- 
spirit in which 
pli«rhted faith. 
pable of their 
Then, sir, look at the tariff compromise of ]833. 
When this Union was convulsed 10 its very cen- 
tcr, to save it the Sont.h yieldod its objection to 
,tho protective principle, and agreed to the com- 
promise of that day; yet in 1842, before it had 
expanded itself—the, very first time that the North 
obtained possession of t.hese Halls—they repudi- 
ated that cmnpromise, and enacted a protective 
tariff. Now, sir, the compromises of 1850, sanc- 
tioned, as they have been, by the action of Con- 
gress and of the. Supreme Court, arc to be set 
aside and annulled by thc overpowerinry voice and 
power of the abolition sentiment of the North. 
Sir, WIIRt compronlise has the North cvcr ob- 
served in good faith that was opposed to their 
interests 01' their prejudices? Nonc that the his- 
tory oft.hecountry hus ever recorded. I ask, then, 
how can the South' rely upon any guarantees 
which the North may makc to us in the Consti- 
tution, especially under the circu mstances which 
now exist, when those. guarantees wili be wrung 
from them bv duress? For one, I have no con- 
fidcnce whatavcr in the plighted faith, Punicafldes, 
of our northern brethren; and I arn not willing, 
-—and I believe my constituents are not 
for one 
willing—to accept any compromise of this ques- 
tion, no matter how plausible it noay be upon 
paper, because we know well that it will be noth- 
more than a paper guarantee that is not worth 
the snap ofa man 's finger. 
Sir, I can look upon this proposition, as well 
as the one which has emanated from the House 
of Representatives, as nothing else than a delu- 
Mon and a snare, intended to operate upon tho 
public sentiment of the seceding States, to case 
them off, to put arguments in the mouths of the 
subruission party iii those States to urge upon the 
people a. little more delay, a little more folding of 
the arnos, a little more procrastination, to enable 
them to say put it off; let us 'What these 
great propositions of the Senator from Kentucky 
and others will work out; let us see if we cannot 
cret concessions from the northern States; try 
every thi ng in the Union , as my friend from Penn- 
sylytmi4 has suggested. Sir, we have tried the 
Union for twenty-five years since this agitation 
commenced; and what has it produced? We have 
been remonstrating; we have been threatening; 
but' instead of producing a revulsion of public 
sentiment, how has it operated? Twenty-five 
years ago they had but seven thousand men to 
support tknir candidate for the Presidency. Now 
they have carried one of the most ultra, and I had 
almost said, one of the most infamous of men— 
not in person but in politics—one of the most ultra 
men, ay, two of them, into the Presidency and 
Vice Presidency of the United States, by over- 
whelming majorities in every free State. From 
seven thousand, they have run up, in twenty-five 
years, to one million eight hundred and fifty thou- 
sand. That has been the result of our preaching* 
and our prayers and our expostulations and our 
beseechings of our northern brethren to do us jus- 
tice»and of our threats to dissolve if they did not. 
And, sir, they have accomplished all this in the 
face ofa party in possession of the Federal Gov- 
ernment, and of its power and patronage, to the 
contrary. They have accomplished all these 
things without the patronage and power of the 
Federal Government. Now, when they have that 
power and that patronage, with the whole ma- 
chinery of the Federal Government in their hands, 
what are we to expect but a rapid consummation 
of the dire and terrible results which I have feebly 
depicted ? 
Sir, believing that these propositions, whatever 
may bc the intention of the parties who urge 
them, can result in nothing but delay and pro- 
crastination, I shall not give the resolution my 
I believe the question is 
sanction or support. 
as I remarked the other day, no 
settled; und, 
power this side of heaven can avert the result. 
South Carolina is already determined, as I believe 
cverybody admits; and nobody doubts the gal- 
Jantry and determination of that small State. She 
has determined to' risk all upon this die, and I can 
tell Senators that there are other States whose fate 
is no less certain than Carolina. Even those west 
of the Mississippi are moving; and although a 
distinguished gentlcman from Texas has come 
here recently, as I understand, and has said that 
there is no secession element in Texas, and that 
all rrexas is for the Union, I apprehend that the 
wish is father to the thought;" but I leave the 
question as to thc soundness of that people to the 
distinguished Senators from the State, who un- 
derstand their public sentiment better than I do. 
But sir, that this I_TiWn is to be dissolved is a 
fixed fact; and no tinkerings with the Constitu- 
tion, no tinkerings of committees of thirty-three 
or thirteen in these Houses can avert that conse- 
quence. 
Sir, before I close I desire to say a few words 
by way of suggestion to the States of Virginia 
and Maryland, and especially to the District of 
Columbia. I hear here every day, not only as 
pass the streets, but I see in the public press and 
m discussions, curses loud and deep poured out 
upon the devoted heads of the southern States 
who are moving in this great question of seces- 
sion. T hc people of the District of Columbia 
have turned all their •wrath from the true cause of 
these diffculties—the Abolitionists of the North— 
and are venting their spleen and spite against us, 
because we are vindicating our deliverance and 
liberty. They expect that the dissolution of this 
Union is going to destroy the capital, and that 
their property is to be valueless. That may be, 
or it may not be. It will depend very much on 
their own conduct, in my opinion. That the five 
States to which I have referred will go out of this 
Union before the 4th of March, and form a confed* 
eracy of their own, in my opinion admits of no 
earthly doubt; and that the other slave States Inust, 
in the rapid process of time, go out also, and join us 
in our cQnfederate action, L have little less doubt. 
I will not undertake to discuss the reasons for this 
opinion; I express it merely, 
Well, sir, if Virginia and Maryland desire to 
have any iQfluence or part in the formation of our 
Tovernment—a government to which they must 
finally owe their allegiance—they had better fob 
low our example, and go out of tho Union quickly, 
and send their delegates to join us in forming a 
constitution and frame of government for our pro. 
It may be that a gov 
tection and our support. 
ernment will be formed and a constitution enacted 
and put in 0?eration before they have had time to 
take part in it; and that when they go out of this 
