54 
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE. 
December 11, 
threat;, I speak of consequences, like the Senator Captain Pitman, the constable, marched into the 
from New Hampshire—division is as certain as 
court-room, holding a physician by the collar with 
that God lives. And why ? Bccause th"ere is such one hand, and-a negro man with the, other, and 
a divcrsity the extreme North that said, '"If your honor please, I caught this Dr. 
controls the North, and the extreme South that 
controls the South, that there must be time to 
reflect and correct these -two ext.remes, or '•,ve 
How arc we to get that time to correct 
divide. 
thiS public sentiment in the two cxtrcmcs, both 
of which we conderhn ? - Only by planting a strong 
policc upon the border. 
It is the-last hope, it is 
the only hope within the limits of the Constitu- 
tion. I intend to stand by the Constitution as 
long as it, is worthy of being preserved; and as a 
friend tö it, I shall insist upon its being carried 
out. 
Mr. President, it does no good for Senators to 
statc individual cases. 
I can state hundreds of 
individual cases. Because of in y proximity to 
the bQfdcr, and rny connection with the partics, 
I know morc of it than most. Senators do. I have 
soon more of it, mingled with more of it, know 
morc of it. The law in Illinois is aenct•aily en- 
forced in cases to which public attcntion is called; 
but nine cases out of ten elude and evade the law; 
arid 1 suppose it is so with Kentucky, with Ma- 
and with other States. 
I want to correct 
all that; and I have only made this statcmcnt for 
the purpose of showing that while Senators can, 
with- propriety, with hbnor, with manliness, and 
with statesmanship, show that the law is enforced 
when the cases are brought into court, yet they 
lose sight of this other fact, that nine cases out of 
ten never come into court, nor is any cognizance 
ever takpn of them by the public. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. Presidcnt, one in 
explanation. My friend from Missouri who now 
sits behind me, [General CLARK, of the Elouse of 
Representatives,] resides in that putt of his State 
nearest to that portion of Illinois where the law 
would be the least likely to be executed, and yct 
he can bear the stron crest possible testimony that 
any man can from his personal knowledge of tl)e 
execution of the law in Illinois; but let •us talc 
the Senator's facts as ho states them. I-Ie tells us 
that in all instances where the attention of the 
courts is brought to the subject, a properc.ase 
is rnade out, the law is faithfully exccutcd; that 
Lhat is thc genertll rule. Well, sir, is not that all 
that any Inan can ask? When you talk about the 
non-cxe,cution of laws, do you speak of cases that 
nre never brought to the attention ot• the courts ? 
(f my horse is stolen and goes to Missouri, and 
is harborcd by the neighbor of the Senator, can I 
complain of him or of his courts unless I go and 
identify the horse and call the attention of the 
authorities to the fact that hc is stolen ? 
It is a 
new doctrine, that we are guilty of non-fi.llfillment 
of the law when we admiDist.crit fairly and.justly 
in every case- brought to our 
notice. The corn- 
plaint of the Senator is that while we administer 
the law fairly and impartially in thosc cases w herc 
au arrest is made and the attent.ibn of the author- 
ities is drawn to the subject, in nine eases out of 
ten they (ID not call the atu•ntion of our authori- 
ties' to fact. Whose fhtllt is that? 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow mc to 
explain ? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir. 
GREEN. I will simply explain whose 
fault it is. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. very well. 
Mr. GREEN. It is of who 
tivnte that kind of sentiment which enables thern 
to secrete our property, and to prevent anybody 
catching hold of the fhc,t that it is harbored. 
If 
the pcoplc of Missouri wore to inculcato a senti- 
ment encouraging the stealing of his horse, I 
would hold myself responsible for it. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, 1 was speak- 
ing only of the non-exccutiou of the law in those 
cases where it is proper for tl'1C authorities to take 
coganzane,e. The Senator alluded to a single 
case; occurring, as he said, when I was on the 
bench and he was the attorney. That was a case, 
too, where he did not call the attention of our 
authorities tp the facts; it was a case where our 
own citizens took the initiative. 
I remember it 
very well. 
IMP. GREEN. on a reward offered by my 
friend, General Durkee. 
1Mr. DOUGLAS. There may have been a re- 
ward offered; but the man did not get it or ask for 
it. Onc morning, just after 1 had opened court, . 
Eels running off a fugitive Slavo this mornitp, 
contrary. to thc statute of Illinois; and have 
brought him and the slave into court to know 
IVhat I shall do with them." 
I said, " Captain 
Pitman, you will hand the slave and the Doctor 
over to the sheriff, and go to the grand jury and 
state the facts." 
In a short time, the grand jury 
came in with a bill of indictment against Dr. •Eels 
for harboring, secreting, and attempting to run off 
a fugitive slave, contrary to the statute of Illinois, 
not contrary to the laws of the United States. 
When the jury were called, and the facts were all 
proved, the counsel for the defense moved an 
instruction to the jury that they must acquit, be- 
cause the Suprerne Court of the United States had 
decided, in the case. of Prigg against Pennsylva- 
nia, which had just been published, and which 
they presented to the court, that the power and 
•the duty of surrendering fugitivc slaves was ex- 
clusively in the Federal Government, and not in 
the Stato governments; and that thc right of legis- 
lating upon that subject was exclusivély in Con- 
gress, not in thc State Legislature; and therefore, 
that the law of Illinois making it a criminal offcnsc 
was unconstitutional and void. decided that 
the law of Illinois was not upon the same sub- 
jcct; that the object of the law of Illinois was not 
to return fugitive slaves, but to preserve lhe peace 
and quiet our own State; that it was a mere 
police regulation of our own; and that, il')asmuch 
us the Constitution had guarantied the right of a 
master to pursue and recapture his slave, if thc 
citizens were permitted to interfere with that right, 
it would lead to a breach of the peace, which it 
was tho duty of our own Legislature to makc , 
criminal; and that hence our law, being a police 
regulation, intended to preserve tbc peacc of our 
own people, was constitutional, notwithstanding 
the fact that it aided in the execution of laws 
oc the United States, which was an additional 
argument in its favor. '*ithc jury found Dr. Eels 
guilty; and I sentenced him pretty severely: ac- 
cordit)g to my recollection, he got nearly the full 
cxtcnt of the law. 
He appcaled to the supreme. 
court Of the Stiue•, and the supreme court of Illi- 
nois ufli rrned the decision . 
He appealcd, then, 
to the Supreme Court of tbc United States; but I 
believe he died before the casc was decided. 
Mr. GREEN. The judement affirmed, 
but ho died beföre it Wits affirmed. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes. Now, sn•, 
the case 
thc Senator cites is a case where the people of 
Illinois, through their own officers, interfered and 
arrested a fugitive without tl')C master knowina• 
•w herc hc was. VThat being thc fact, and it beincy 
the o•enera! adli)issiot) that in all those cascs where 
they do call the attention of our authorities to the 
su we perfi)l'lü our duties faithfully and irn- 
partially, I think there is very little cause of com- 
I really wish that this catalogue of' griev- 
ances could all be no ade out, with specifications, 
and let us take each case in turn; and I repeat, iC 
it could bc done, thosc who honestly believe 
that they have tyrievous causes of complaint will 
be utterly to know with what. fidelity this 
lavv has been executed, and how little real cause 
of complaint they have arisino• from that source. . 
Mr. DAVIS. the Illinois 
allow me to ask a question, as hc is about to 
sit down? He refers to an old case at 
a t.inu> when possibly the feeling tnay have been 
better than it is now. The newspapers have rc- 
cently given us an account of a case in the town 
of bis own residence. 
I sce that an indictment 
has been found against certain Persons there for 
rescuing a f'ugitive slave. Does that also contain 
I a history of the faithful execution of the law ? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. well, sir, 1 stated, when 
first rose, a casc in that very town 
Mr. DAVIS. Chicago, to. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes. 
I stated that in a case 
where a rescue took place in Ottowa, in the Chi- 
cago district, the next day, or very soon, 
the 
marshal went down, arrested the rescuers and i 
took them t.o Chicago, and they were committed 
to and kept in the Chicago jail for about five 
months until the trial. 
rl'hey were then tried and 
convicted by a jury sitting in' the city of Chicago, 
and they were sentenced by a court held in the i 
city of Chic,aoo to prison, and werc sent to prison i 
again until they paid $1 ,000 fino onch, and the 
costs of the suit. As that took place not very 
long ago, no longer ago than last October, not 
two months •ago, have a right to suppose that 
the law will now be executed with about. the same 
Inasmuch as another 
fidélity as it was then. 
rescue has occurred, I luke 
it for granted thac 
there wili be another indictment, another trial, 
another conviction; and I tåkc it for granted, fur- 
thermöre, that civil suits are already pending, 
and that the value of the negroes in each case, 
together with the damages, will be recovered, and 
the property of the rescuers will be sold on exe- 
cation to pay the judgments; and the master will 
find out in the end that he madd an admirable 
good sale of his negro. [Laughter.] It is truc 
that it does pot l'cturn the fugitives. In some 
cases, it is a matter of hardship that it does not 
return them. There Vila y bc cases where you 
would not give up your negro for any price; 
1- 
though I do think that if I owned a servant that 
did not like me well enough to stay with me, 
ran away, I would rather get the value of hilli 
and damages for his running away, than get the 
rdnaway negro back. But I do not think that 
this case arisino• in Chicacro, a place as stron!Yåy 
anti-slavcry as any place on the continent, shows 
such a non-fulfillment of the law as would be 
good cause for breaking up the Government. 
Mr. FITCH. Mr. President, were it 
the disclaimers, and doubtless truthful ones, by 
the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Illi- 
nois of the correctness of the charge of the Senn- 
tor from Georgia of the non-fulfillment of the fu- 
gitive slave law in their States, 1 should deem 
it worth while to r•nake one for my own State; 
but onc of those States being on the east and the 
other on the west of us, urithout any such dis- 
claimer it might perhaps be inferred that Indiana 
is not true to its constitutional obligation. Such 
is not the case. Its citizens have always fulfilled, 
and in full, so far as I know, all their constitu- 
tional obligat;ons. They intend doing so under 
all phases of political parties; and they desire the 
citizens of other States to do the same. If' we 
have failed in the performance of our obligations 
relative to thc rendition of fugitive slaves, or of 
any other constitutional obligation to thc South, 
the citizens of Kentucky, our border State, would 
certainly know it. 
Its representatives here can 
bring the charge. 
It is sumcient for me to say 
that, for the whole twenty-five or thirty years of' 
my residence within the State of Indiana, blü 
one case of the rescue of an arrested fugitive has 
corno to my knowledge. 
If any other attempt 
ever has been made, I have known nothing of it; 
and the parties implicated in that one case were 
so severely punished that no repetition of the ex- 
periment has been since tried, and probably it 
never will be tried. 
A word as to the question of the Senator from 
Mississippi to the Senator from Illinois, althotag•l') 
the occurrence referred to was not in my Staie. 
I perceive the Senator from Illinois confounds 
two cases. Very probably the late presidential 
election has been a blank his life. The Ottawa 
case was a year ago last October, I think. 
MI'. DOUGLAS. I am not mistaken, I think, 
and for this reason: I happened to be in Chicago 
the day one of the rescuers '•,vas sentenced, and 
read the sentencc of the court and his speech in 
reply; and I had time to do it, notwithstanding 
the 
presidential election was then pending. 
[Laughter.] I do not confound the two cases. 
'l'he one I was talking about, where the trial and 
sentence took place at Chicago,.was the Ottawa 
case; and the Senator from Mississippi then called 
my attention to the fact that there had been a res- 
cue in Chicago since; and I argued that inasmuch 
as the proceedings which I mentioned had taken 
place in Chicago not more than two months ago, 
the fair presumption was, that the law would be 
enforced in this case also. 
Mr. FITCH. The rescue in Ottawa was more 
than a year since. The Senator, no doubt, is 
correct about the time of the trial; when that 
occurred I do not know. But I was about to 
call attention to the result of a recent case which 
the Senator from Mississippi mentioned. It seems 
that the marshal of the northern district of Illinois 
was assailed in the street, and a negro, whom he 
had arrested as a fugitive, was taken from his 
custody. The assault was quite unexpected; but 
the very ncxt day, if I mistake not, a Repul)lican 
