1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
59 
fully;- but I did regard- that as a great principle, 
and under. those circumstances voted agamst 
both resolutions that have been referred to. 
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the Sen- 
ator, I will move that the Senate do now adjourn, 
in order that i e may continue his remarks. 
Mr. WIGI*ALL. The Senate seems to be 
thin, and Senators seem to be fatigued. I have 
no objection to the Senate adjourning now, and 
making the few remarks I intend to make in the 
morning. I thereforc yield to the motion. 
The motion wras agreed to; and the . Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
TUESDAY, December 11, 1860. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
RheJournal of yesterday was read and approved. 
PERSONAL EXPLAN . 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, said hc came 
into. the House yesterday suffering from indis- 
position; that during the discussion on theamcnd- 
ment to the Treasury note bill, introduced by the 
gentleman from Georg_ia, [Mr. CRAWFORD,] he 
becarne too unwell to remain longer; and that, 
had he been present, he should have voted in the 
affrmative on the first branch of said amendment. 
REPORT FROM POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com- 
munication from the Postmaster General, trans- 
mitting the information called for by resolution 
of the House of Representatives, showing the 
distances by the usual mail routes from the post 
offce of each Senator and Representative in Con- 
gress to the city of Washington; which was rc- 
förred to the Committee on Mileage, and ordered 
to be printed. 
NEW YORK CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE. 
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the 
testimony in the Newr York contested-election 
case, as to t.he seat of MI'. SICKLES; which was 
referred to the Committee of Elections, and or- 
dered to be printed. 
SERVICE ON SPECIAL COMMITTEE. 
The SPEAKER declared the business in order 
to be the motion of Mr. HAWKINS to •be excused 
from service on the special committee of one from 
each State, to which was referred that portion of 
thc President's messarre relatinc to seceskion move- 
nu•nts. 
Mr. COBB. It is not my purpose, Mr. Speaker, 
to occupy the time of the House by any extended 
Iam satisfied that. the 
remarks on this subject. 
eyes of the whole country are now directed to the 
when I ask the previous question under these 
considerations, will stop this debate, organize the 
special committee, and submit the question to 
their consideration; so that they may, if they 
can, present somethinff to cause harmony among 
the people of the country. The papers this morn- 
ing reflect a gleam of light from Boston, which 
may, perhaps, have a tendency to quiet •the pub- 
lic mind. Let the people of the northern States 
rneet in convention, and let them, whenever elec. 
tions are pending, give demonstration to the 
country that there is now a sense of 
justice, and that the questions which agitated the 
country will be taken.hold of by the people them- 
selves. 
I hope that the committee '•,vill be allowed to 
engrage in the duties assigned to them, and en- 
deavor to present something to the consideration 
ofthol-louseand thecountry. It is possible thatthe 
committee may be able to do something to har- 
monize the country. I know that my State will 
not remain in this Confederacy longer than the 
15th of January, unless something be done. My 
prayer is that somethirrmay be done by which 
that State may remain in this Union upon consti- 
tutional and equal principles. 
I am not a seces- 
sionist. I desire peace. But, sir, I desire that*ny 
State Inay be awarded her rights under the Con- 
stitution. 
If that can be done, may God help us 
to rernain in the Union so long as the sun shines! 
but if not, then my prayers will not be sent forth 
for tho perpetuity of this happy Government. 
I 
call the previous question. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 
I hope the gen- 
tleman from Alabama will withdraw that demand 
desire to detain the House for 
for the present. 
four or five minutes only. 
Mr. COBB. I will withdraw the demand, hoping 
tlaat the gentleman will renew it when he shall 
have concluded. 
.N•lr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, the 
members from Florida [MI'. HAWKINS] and frorn 
South Carolina [Mr. BOYCE] have each requested 
this Housc to relieve them from servinæ on Ibis 
cotnmittce, and havc given their reasons therefor. 
It may not be improper to give some explanation 
of my determined course of action. 
I accept the 
appointment, and shall meet with the committee. 
For this 1171ay be blamed here—I rnay be censured 
at home; still, since my judgment dictates this 
course as proper, and my conscience approves, I 
defy the world's opinion. 
stand here f.o-day, not the Representative of 
my own preferences, but the interest of fourteen 
thousand voters in my district. Their interests 
and their wishes shall be the rule of iny action 
while I hold a seat upon this floor. 
I must be alfowed to express my regret that 
proceedings of this House, watching what this the resolution creating this committc•e carne from 
rests upon public opinion." Then, if it lives at 
all, it must live in the affection of the people; and 
as that has been entirely -extinguished—at least' 
so far as the Republican party is concerned—I 
have no hope of maintaining it-by compromises 
or the use of the sword. Any pollCy, then, of the 
now dominant Republican party which destroys 
all affection for the Union .in the hearts of the 
people of the slave States, must, and has already, 
destroyed the only cord that can bind the Union. 
In my judgment, the subject-matter referred to 
this committee, does not properly belong to this 
House, and should not have originated here. 
The alarminT controversy which now so gen- 
erally disturbs the popular mind of this great 
nation, grows out of principles and systems ad- 
vanced by the dominant party of the free States 
of this Union, which, in the estimation of the. 
slave States, are subversivc of the constitutional 
compact betWeen tho States, and directly at war 
With their safety and material interests. ft has 
thus become a direct issue between the States, and 
can only bc adjusted and arranged by them. We 
cannot do anything, in a controversy like this, 
to bind the States, and it is fruitless to try it. 
The Senators are the representatives of the 
States, and if any action is had by Congress upon 
this subject, it should have originated with them, 
and not with us. 
I can but regard this committcc asa tub thrown 
out to the whale to amuse only until the 4th of 
March next; and thus arrest the present noble 
and manly movements of Jhe southern States to 
provide by that day for their security and safety 
out of the Union. 
With these views, I take my place on the com- 
mittee, for the purpose of preventing it being 
made a means of deception, by which the public 
mind is to bb misled and misguided; yet intend- 
ing honestly and patriotically to entertain any 
fair proposition for adjustment of pending evils 
which thc Republican members may submit. 
In obedienc.e to my promise, I now renew the 
demand for the previous question. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle- 
man will not call for the previous question until 
we shall havc heard from some gentleman upon 
the other side of the House. I particularly desire 
to hear from some gentleman from the other side 
upon this question. [Cries of Question from 
the Republican side.] 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
rnain question ordered to be put. 
The SPEAKER stated the question to be upon 
excusing the gentleman from Florida from serV- 
incr on the committee. 
Mr. HAWKINS called for the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
thc negative—yeas 95, nays 101; as .follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. 'l'homas L. Anderson, Ashley, Avery, 
Blair, Blake, Boteler, 
Barksdale, Barr, nealc, BingbaRi, 
Branch, Bristow, Brown, Burnett, Burnham, Carey, Case, 
House wilf do, and what report this special conn- 
I am anxious myself to see 
mitlee will make. 
the report of that committee, hoping—although I 
must confoss, such hopes are fain-t—that some 
good rnay result fron-n the action of the committee. 
If anything is to be done to save my State, it 
must be done immediately. The election for dele- 
gates to the convention takes place on the 24th of 
this month, and thc convention meets on the 7th 
like to make known rny 
of next month. 
views in relation to the various questions that. 
have brought about the excitement which now 
pervades the whole land; but a sense of duty ad- 
monishes me to withhold the expression of those 
views and to ask that the previous question be 
sustained, in order that we may have a votc on 
excusing the gentleman from Florida, as we will 
a southern rnenlber. 
It, however, did, and frorn 
a distinguished sen of the Commonwealth of Vir- 
ginia, and was indorsed by a vcry large majority 
of Incmbers from the southern States. 
1 cannot 
therefore consider it dishonorable to serve On it. Ei John B' Clark' Clopton, Colfax, Burton Craige, Crawford, 
While 1 expect nothing useful to the harmony of 
the country from the action of this committee, I 
shall guard against its being madc to operate to 
arrest the present action of the southern States 
in the progress they are making to secure their 
equality and their rights out of the Union, since 
they are unable to obtain them ill it. 
fn my judgment, a proper respect for the dig- 
nity of the South, demands that tbc members on 
thc committee from the southern States should 
withdraw, and leave the Republican members to 
meet, consult, and submit an ultimatum for the 
have togoover the same ground in relation to other separate consideration of the several delegations 
If we take up so I from the southern States. Since, however, this 
members of the committee. 
much time in discussing the questions that are 
will not be done, I shall act with them in the hope 
%uorrréVßcDee Fenton? 
Hamilton, Hardeman, J, Morrison Ilarris, John T. Harris, 
Hatton, Hickman, Hindnuan, Houston, Hughes, Hutchins,- 
Irvine, Jenkins, Jones, William Kellogg, Kilgore, Lan: 
drum, Leake, Love, Lovejoy, Maclay, Mallory, Elbert S. 
Martin, Millson, Millward, Laban Moore, Sydenham 
Moore, Morse, Nelson, Niblack, Pendlet.oß, Pettit, Peyton, 
Potter, Pryor, Quarles Reagan, Edwin R. Reynolds. Riggs 
Ruffin, Scott, Sirnms. William N. H. Stnith, Staliworth, 
Stanton. Stevenson, Williæun Stewart, Stratton, Thomas, 
Tompkins, Underwood, Vallandigbmn, Vance, Wade, 
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Webster, Wells, 
Winslow, VVood, and Woodson—95. 
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adanis, Green Adarns, Ad- 
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, VVitliam C. Anderson, Babbitt, 
Barret, Bouligny, Bravton, Briggs, Buflinton, Burch, Bur- 
lingame, Butterfield, Carter, Horace F. Clark, Cobb,• John 
H. Winter Davis, John 
Cochrane, Conkling, Cox, Curtis, 
Eiiot, Ely, 
Hawes, Delano, Due", Edwards, 
to comc before the committee, the committee itself that no southern member will so far disregard his I English, Foster, Fouke, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley, 
will not be able to take hold of the subject now self-respect as to propose terms to the northern Haskin, Heirnick, Hill. Hoard, Holman, Williatu Howard, 
I Of the opinion that our present I W' illiam A. Howard, Ilurnphrey, Junkin, Francis W. Kel- 
acritating the country; and men's minds will be I members. 
I Constitution is quite ample to secure to the south- 
DeWitt C. Leach, 
long, Kenyon, Killinger, Larrabee, 
kept in agitated suspense. 
James M. Leach. Lee, Logan, Longneck er, Loomis,Charles 
What mean the crowded galleries hcrc to-day? I érn States all ricyhts, State and individual, if hon- D. Martin, Maynard, McClernand, McKean. McKenty, 
The question is easily answered. It shows the estly and faithfully administered in strict accord- McKnight, McPherson, Montgomery, Morrill, Edward Joy 
excitement which pervades the public mind, not ance with its Ictterandspirit; and asthe conscience , Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Nixon, Nocli, Olin, Pahner, Perry, 
only here but all over the country. The people of the Republican party will not it thus to Phelps, Porter, Pottie, John H. Reynolds, Rice, Christo- 
pher Robinson, James C. Robinson, Scranton, Sedgwick, 
are looking daily and hourly for this House to i be executed, do not hope we can find any se- i Shennan, Sickles, William Siliith, Spaulding, Spinner, 
Stokes, Stout, 'I'appan, rrhayer, Theaker, 'Train, Varide- 
do something. Shall I now monopolize the time curity in any compromise or in any reconstruc- 
vcr, Vcrree, \'Valton, Ellihu B. Washburne, WBiteIey, 
which ought to be used by this committee in dis- tion of the Constitution. The only safe guarantee 
Wiis-on, i.Vindom, 101. 
cussing the questions which will necessarikv come 
up before them, and come up before the House 
after the report shall have been made? I think I 
ought not to do so; and I trust that the House, 
we can refy upon is evidence that fanaticism has 
So Mr. HAWKINS was not excused. 
been extinguished in the n)ind of the people of 
the North, and that a sense of justice has been During the call of' the roll, 
restored. It has well been said, " Our Union Mr. BURCH (when l) is name was C*lied) stqted 
