62 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 11, 
for the gentleman from Florida, [Mr. HAM'KINs,] 
and would do •nothing to harm his feelings by an 
attempt to force him to act contrary to hisconvid- 
tiohSof duty. Viewing the subject in that ligl')t, 
I shall vote hereafter to excuse every mcmber of 
that committee vv'ho shall desire to be excused 
from service upon that committee. 
Mr. STANTON.' I can see no reason in the 
ground alleged why the' gentle- 
man from Vermont should not be excused. For 
myself, "I have voted to excuse all the gentlemen 
who have made the request, upon the principle 
that it is ah act of ordinary courtesy to bc extended 
to any gentleman assigned to a service unpleasant 
to hims and which he desires to-avoid. It is upon 
that ground, and no other, that I voted to excuse 
the gentleman from Florida [Mr. HAWKINS] and 
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. BOYCE.] 
The gentleman from Vermont has two colleagues, 
one of whom he desires shall- be substituted in 
his place upon the. committee, not because of any 
indisposition upon his part to aid in accomplish • 
ing the object for which the commit•teewas sought 
to be raised, but merely with a view to the substi- 
tution of one of his colleagues. 
If there is any 
reason why the change should not be made, It 
passes my comprehension. 
Again: he assigns as anQther reason that, in 
the present embarrassed condition of the Treas- 
ury, a leading committee of the House, the finan- 
dial oi•gan of ihat Treasury, requires a large share 
of his attention; and for that reason he cannot 
devote his time to the labors of this special com- 
mittee. 
Gentlemen upon the other side of tho House 
have indicåted u desire that we should proceed 
and discuss the questions which agitate the coun- 
try, and they have exhibited some surprise that 
such a course was declined. I trust gcntlemen 
will givc us the privilegc of determining when the 
proper timc arri ves for that discussion. In my 
ludgment, premature discussion can do no good. 
*I'hcre is thousand times more injury done by 
prcmnture and uncalled for discussion, not rele- 
vanl to any question pending l.)efore t.be House, 
than good. My own course would be, without 
any discussion, to let this cmnmittcc take the 
subjects referred to them, sce what they can make 
of them, and present the result of then• delibera- 
tions. When we have that before us, gentlemen 
may rest assured -there will be no mdisposi- 
tion to engage in the discussion of the measures 
proposed. 'I do not. propose to do it now. I 
think it would be improper. 
I think that things 
have been said in this discussion that will do ho 
good. One of my colleagues [Mr. VALLANDIG- 
HAM] has talked about a Ivestcrn confederacy, 
and all that, which I do not desire to enter into, 
tind ccrtainlv shall not. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 ask the gentle- 
man if a pleusant, kind, and conciliatory dispo- 
sition on all sides of the House would not have 
had a finc effect upon the committee, and upon 
the country; but when one side says nothing it 
produces ill-feeling, of course, because it shows a 
stolid determination on their part to avail them- 
selves of the power they have. 
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, 1 would like 
to inquire of the gentleman from Virginia whether 
past experience of discussions upon the slavery 
question in this House warrants him in believinff 
that a discussion of it now, for no practical ob- 
ject, can long contil)ue a kind; conciliatory, and 
good-natured discussion? My own judgment is 
that il will not; that it will result in useless, in- 
jurious, and prejudicial crimination and recrim- 
ination; and because I think it will so result, I 
therefore do not desiro to precipitate any discus- 
Bion before it is called for on some measure dc- 
manding the action of thc House. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 say to the gen- 
tleman from Ohio-zand I say it with perfect con- 
fidence—that, if that side of the House had met 
the movement from this side in that spirit of kind- 
ness on which alone rest the hopes of tho coun- 
try, it would have had a pleasant and agreeable 
cflöct on ait sides. The asperity that has been 
disclosed here has grown out of the fact that no 
disposition has been evinced on the other Sidc of 
the Housc to do anything to allav the existing ex- 
I do say, and I repéat it, that had a 
citcment. 
liberal, kind , generous disposition been disclosed 
by the majority of this House, it would have car- 
ried healing on its wino•s not only upon the action 
o€the committee, but upon the I-louse itself and I 
the country at large. 
Mr. STANTON. -Mr. Speaker, 1 confess 1 am 
at a loss to know what has been said or done upon 
this side of the House to warrant the imputation 
of an exhibition of want of conciliation or kind- 
ness. When the resolution was offered by the 
gentleman 's colleague, [Mr. BOTELER,] it received 
the affrmative votes of a *large majority of 'the 
members upon this side of the House. Mine was 
not of the number, for confess that I had very 
little hope of any successful result; and I thought 
an unsuccessful attempt would, perhaps, do more 
harm than good. 
I confess too, further, that 
do not myself see what them is in the existing 
condition of things that can be remedied by legis- 
lation. We have elected a President—a thing 
that has been done every four years sincc the 
organization of the Government. 
I do not see in 
that anything that can bc cured by legislation. 
If there is any amendment to the Constitution to 
bc proposcd, I desire to sec it, and shall be very 
glad to consider it and act upon it; for that cer- 
tainly is the only effectual mode of accornplishing 
anything. 
Mr. MORRILL. Ido not desire to consume 
the time of the House. 
1 stated distinctly when 
I first rose, that it was not from any indisposi- 
tion to act on the committee that I asked to bc 
excused, but because I thought it would be more 
convenient to the House and to myself. I move 
the previous question. 
Mr. HOUS TON, I hope my colleague on the 
committee of thirty-three will not press his mo- 
tion until a report can be madc from that com- 
mittee, or a request can be made to the House 
by thc chairman of the committcc—l suppose I 
have a right to refer to its proceedings to this ex- 
tent—which, if madc and acceded to by the 
House, will deprive the gentleman from Vermont 
of all the reasons which he has assigned why he 
should bc excused from service on the committee. 
If the honorable chairman of the committee will 
make the report or request to the I louse, which 
I ur2derstand he has been to make, It 
will obviate all the objections, and rneet and an- 
swer all the reasons, that the gentleman from Ver- 
mont has presented. I hope the gentleman from 
Vertnont will allow that request to be mad.e be- 
fore he presses a vote upon his proposition to be 
excused. yoted to excuse tl'le gentleman from 
Florida and the gentleman from South Carolina, 
and I will vote to excuse the gentleman from Ver- 
mont, or any other gentleman; yet, as the House 
has seen fit to preserve the integrity of the com- 
mittee by refusing to excuse those gentlemen, r 
hopc the gentleman from Vermont will allow the 
integrity of the committee to be still further pre- 
served by withdrawing his request. 
Mr. coRWIN. Mr. Speaker, hope the 
tlcmul) from Vcrmont will withdraw his motion 
for the prescnt, that may subn)it a motion which, 
I think, will obviate the necessity of the request 
which he has made. 
Mr. MORRILL. 1 will withdraw it for 
present. 
CLERK TO SELECT COMMITTEE. 
Mr. CORWIN. 1 offer the 
tion: 
ResoZeed, That the select committee of thirty-three, ap- I 
ber, 1860, be authorized to employ a clerk, ',vho shall be 
paid four dollars a day iör his services ; and that said com- 
inittce have leave to sit during the sittings of the House 
until they shan report or be otherwise discharged. 
Tho resolution was agreed to. 
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the and nays. 
The SPEAKER decided that the call camc too 
Mr. SICKLES moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
'I'he latter motion was agreed to. 
APPROPRIATION BILLS REPORTED. 
M' r. SHERMAN, from the Committee of Ways 
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations 
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the 
The bills were severally read a first and second 
time, rcfcrt•ed to the Committee of the Whole on 
the state of"the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
EXPENSES OF INDIAN DEPARTMENT. 
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of 
Ways and Means, reported the following resolu- 
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to: 
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in- 
structcd LO inquire and report whether any of the omces of 
superintendents of Indian afläirs, Indian agents, or inter± 
prcters, now authorized by law, can be dispensed with 
without injury to the public service. 
DESTITUTION IN KANSAS. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I Inove that the committee 
be discharged from the further consideration of 
tbc memorial of Thaddeus Hyatt, praying Con- 
gress to makc appropriations in land or money to 
relieve the distress of the people of Kansas; and 
that it be referred to the Committee on Territories. 
Mr. GARNETT. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I call the previous ques- 
ti.on on my motion. 
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to lay the memorial 
on the table. 
Mr. GROW. I would say to the xentleman 
from Virginia, that that part of the President's 
message relating to the same subject has been 
referred to the Committee on Territories. This 
is merely a memorial, accompanied by papers, 
which was referred to the Committee of Ways 
and Means; and it is now proposed to transfer it 
to the Committee on Territories. 
Mr. BOCOCK. I have no particular objection 
to tho change of reference; but I see it stated in 
the papers that this man Hyatt made himself very 
busy In getting up stories about destitution and 
suffering in Kansas, when no such sufferinm 
existed . 
I see it also stated in the Philadelphia 
Inquirer that in one of the places where Hyatt 
represen ted great desti tution as prevailing, a grand 
ball was recently given by the people, at two dol- 
lars a head. I therefore do not wish to have his 
memorial treated with such respect as to have it 
referred . 
Mr. GROW. I do not know about that; but 
tho subject is discussed in the President's mes- 
sacre, and has been referred to the Committee on 
Territories. This memorial should take the same 
direction. 
The previous question x,vas seconded, and the 
main question ordered; and under its operation, 
Mr. SHERMAN'S motion was agreed to. 
PERPETUITY OF TIIE UNION. 
Mr. SHERMAN.' Unless it is the desire of 
the House to progress with some other business, 
I shall move that the rules be suspended and that 
the House i•csolve itself into the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I believe I am en- 
tilled to (he floor on the resolution which I offered 
in the House ycsterdav evening. 
Mr. BURNETT. i do not desire to interfere 
with the gentleman, but I desire to understand 
whether his resolution was received by the House. 
It was objected to at the time it was offered, and 
I want to know whether it is before the House 
now. 
The SPEAKER. There was some little con- 
fusion at the close of yesterday's proceedings on 
the subject of the resolution of the gentleman 
from Illinois; but the Chair is very clear on this, 
that the resolution was not received. 
Mr. BURNETT. so 1 thought. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair considered it in 
that light, and has so informed the gentleman 
from Illinois. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Then 1 certainly 
will not insist on the introduction of my resolu- 
tiotl in violation of the courtesy of the House; 
nor will I take an appeal on this occasion from 
the decision of the Speaker, 
I have sought to 
introduce thc resolution and to get a vote of the 
I House upon it. I think it I,vould contribute some- 
thing to our harmony and good feeling if we could 
only take that vote. But if I am not allowed to 
introduce the resolution now, 1 shall certainly 
Government for the year ending 30th June, 1862; claim that I am entitled to the floor on Monday 
and also a bil_l making appropriations for the cur- 
next, after tho expiration of the morning hour, 
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian de- 
and shalt then move a suspension of the. rules, 
partment and for fulfilling treaty stipulations in order to get it properly before the House for 
writh various Indian tribes for the year ending consideration. 
1 30th Jane, 1862. 
Now, all that I have to say in addition to what 
