1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
63 
I have remarked, is this: that I should like to 
have my resolution read for the information of 
members, and then, if the honorable gentleman 
frotn Kentucky will get up and say that he is op- 
posed to it, or if any gentleman will say that it is 
a pcsolution which ought not to be considered by 
the House, I will not, of course, ask for its con- 
sideration at this timo. 
I merely ask to have it 
read for infornvat_ion. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire to say that 1 am 
not on the confessional just now. That resolu- 
tion has been read, and has been printed. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman is 
entirely mistaken. This resolution has not yet 
been read in the House. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 ask the gentleman's par- 
I supposed it was the resolution which he 
offered the other day, when the proposition for 
raising the special committee was before the 
House. 
I presume he has changed or modified it. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Yes, sir. 
I ask 
for its reading now, so that members may know 
what it is. 
Mr. BURNETT. The resolution is not be- 
(ore the House; and the gentleman cannot get it 
before the House in order. 
I thought that ques- 
tion had been decided by the Chan•. 
If so, all 
this thing is out of order. 
The SPEAKER. There has bccn no decision 
to the contrary of that; but the gentleman from 
Illinois asks to have his rdsolution read for in- 
formation. It vv'ill be read, if there be no objec- 
tion. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object to it. 
PUBLIC STORES CONTRACT. 
Mr. SHERMAN, 1 renew my motion to go 
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The reportofthe 
special committee in regard to the contract for the 
labor of the public stores in Broad street, New 
York, was, at last session, postponed to this day 
of the present session, and is now in order. But, 
I believe that those interested in the report are 
not now prepared to proceed with its discussion. 
Under these circumstances, therefore, I movc 
that it be further postponed till this day week. 
Mr. CURTIS. I would say to the honorable 
gentleman from New York, that the Pacific rail- 
road bill is a special order for that day. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest 
to the gentleman from New York that he can call 
up the subject at any time on his motion to 
reconsider, without any postponement. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. very well, sir. 
SERVICE ON SPECIAL COMMITTEE. 
Mr. MORRILL. 1 would like to know what 
has been done with my motion to be excused 
from service on the special committee, to which 
was referred that part of the President's message 
relatinT to secession movements. 
I did not with- 
draw the motion. 
I merely withdrew the call for 
the previous ucstion. 
The SPEA]CER. The motion of the gentle- 
man from Vermont was waived in order to give 
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. CORWIN] an op- 
portunity to introduce his resolution. If the gen- 
tleman insist on his motion, it is now in order. 
Mr. MORRILL. I do; and ask the previous 
question. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered; and under its operation, 
the motion was not agreed to. 
PERPETUITY OF UNION. 
Mr. HINDMAN. heretofore con- 
sumed much of the time of the House in speech- 
making or in offering bills or resolutions; an4 1 
ask the courtesy now to be permitted to respond 
to the invitation extended by the genl.lernun from 
Ohio, [Mr. STANTON,] by offering resolutions 
arnendatory of the Constitution of the United 
States, with tha view, if possible, of settling the 
agitation of the slavery quest.ion on a just and 
fair basis, and of perpetuating the Federal Union. 
I hope that gentlemen will meet these propositions 
in a spirit of fairness and frankness, without rc- 
sorting—and 1 do not mean to impute an-y such 
intention to them—to legislative expedients or 
of the House must understand as fully now as he 
ever can, the issues involved in this sectional con- 
troversy. will let my proposition be read, and 
then I will continue my remarks. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I object to the 
resolutions bei ng received. I Offered a resolution 
dcclarhv our devotion to the American Union, 
and objection was madc to having it read. Now 
I object to receiving resolutions of this kind. 
'The SPEAKEä. If objection be made the 
resolutions cannot be read. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Let the Clerk send them 
down to me, arid I will read them myself. 
•rhe SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state 
to the gentleman from Arkansas, that the same 
objection which applies to their being read by 
the Clerk, applies also to his reading them him- 
Mr. HINDMAN. Can 1 not embody. them 
in my remarks, I having the floor? 
The SPEAKER. There is nothing before the 
House on which we can act; otherwise the Chair 
would be very happy to hear the gentleman's 
resolutions. 
Mr. I-IINDMAN. 1 should like to know from 
what source the objection comes. 
The SPEAKER. The gpntleman from Illinois 
objects. 
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the rules be 
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union. also move that the consular and diplo- 
matic bill be made the special order in committee. 
My purpose is, if the House be so disposed, to 
pass the consular and diplomatic bill to-day. 
The question was put on the latter motion, and 
it was agreed to. 
The question recurred on the motion to go into* 
committee, and it was agreed to. 
So the •rules were suspended; and the House 
resolved itself into thc Committee of tho Whole 
on the state of the Union,. (Mr. BINGHAM in the 
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the 
special order, being a bill making appropriations 
for the expenses of the consular and diplomatic 
service for the year ending 30th Junc, 1862. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask that the first reading 
of the bill be dispensed with, and that it may be 
now taken Lip and read by sections, for amend- 
mcnt. 
Mr. QU ARLES. Before the first reading be 
dispensed with, I desire to ask whether it has 
becn printed? 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed 
that it has not. 
Mr. QUARLES. Then 1 object to its consid- 
eration at t.his time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the gentle- 
man from Tennessee that the bill merely provides 
for the payment of the salaries of the consuls and 
forcign ministers of the Government, and for 
such diplomatic expenses as are required by law. 
It conforms to the estimates; and all the items 
may therefore be found in the annual cstimates, 
which have been printed, and every member fur- 
nished with a copy. 
Mr. QU ARLES. So far as the estimates are 
concerned, I will state that I have not been sup- 
plied with a copy, nor have I scen them. I have 
called for them, and have been informed that they 
are away, being printed bound. Every gentle- 
man knows the diffcutty there is in hearing the 
items as they arc read from the Clerk's desk. I 
move that the committee rise. 
It is not proper 
to legislate in this manner upon appropriation 
The question being upon the motion that the 
committee rise, 
Mr. QUARLES called for tellers. 
Tellers were not ordered. 
The motion was not acn•eed to 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now ask that the first 
reading of the bill may be dispensed with. 
Mr. GARNETT. object, and call for the 
first reading of the bill. 
The Clerk then cornmenced the reading of thc 
bill. 
Mr. BURNETT. understand that this is 
parliamentary maneuvering, by voting upon them 
the first reading of the bill. Now, sir, respect- 
directly and squarely, so thul we luay understand fully ask thc chairinan of the Comrniltee of Ways 
and Means whether, in passing important appro- 
precisely •what is the determination of the north- 
It seems to me that every member priation bills, we ought not to have them printed 
crn people. 
and before us? It is impossible, in -the cönfu•sion 
prevailing in this Hall, for us to understand •all 
the items of the hill from the mere reading. 
renew the motion that the committee rise. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Ifthe gentleman from Ken- 
tucky wilt alfow me, I will again state that 
the items of this bill are taken, without, 
from -the estimates, of which every member 
or ought to have, a printed copy. The bill; 
say, is copied from the estimates, and depends 
upon laws fixing the salaries of our consuls and 
other diplomatic agents. It does nqt change any 
Mr. BURNETT. Theestimates,lunderstand, 
have been sent off for the purpose of being printed 
or bound. They are not here certainly. The 
little delay that will be required to enable us to 
have the .bill printed, and before us, will makc 
not one particle of difference; and I insist upon 
the motion that the committee rise. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 hope the gen- 
tleman from Kentucky will withdraw his motion 
for a moment. 
Mr. BURNETT.. 1 will if from 
Maine wishes to make any suggestion. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. apprehend 
therc can be no occasion for the committee to rise 
at this time. 1 understand the chairmara of the 
Committee of Ways and Means to say that this 
bill includes no I')ew or independent legislation ; 
that it simply provides for carrying out existing 
laws, and is, in every respect, the same bill which 
was passed at the last session. Every member, 
therefore, knows precisely what are all the items 
of the bill, and is as well prepared to act upon it 
now as he would be if the bill and estimates 
had been printed , and before us fora month. So 
that I do not see any reason whatever for the 
committee rising, or for any delay in the action 
of the House upon the bill whatever. 
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman says that 
the biil provides simply for carrying out existing 
laws. Now, I understood the eClerk to read a 
clause making provision for the salary of a min- 
ister to Persia. 
Is .there any existing law pro- 
viding for a mission to Persia? 
SHERMAN. The misunder- 
stood the reading of the word Prussia, I presume * 
for Persia. 
Mr. GARNETT. Then, that is a good illus- 
tration of tbc remark of the gentleman from Ten- 
ncssee, (Mr. QUARLES, 
that it is impossible to 
understand the bill from its reading at the Clerk's 
desk. 
_I say to the gentleman from Ohio, the 
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means, 
that I think the bili and estimates should be 
printed and on our tables when we undertake to 
act upon an ajpropriation bill. Even the esti- 
mates are not before,us. 
Elihey have been sent 
off to the binder, as I am informed. want to 
examine the items, even if they are only for car- 
rying out existing laws. How can you carry 
out the existing laws, for instance, in reference 
to the Italian States? I have not seen the bill, 
and do not know what is in it; but I presume it 
contains provisions for the salaries of ministers 
at Rome and Na .)les. 
Mr. SHERMkN. Not for Rome. 
Mr. GARNETT. very well; 
that shows, 
then, that it does certainly not fully carry out 
existing laws. 
It may very possibly happen that 
in the progress of events, before this bill shan 
become a law, there may bc no need ofa minister 
at Naples. Why, then, should we pass this bill 
in this hasty and inconsiderate manner? To ask 
us to act upon it while the bill and the estimates 
are in the hands of the Printer, is to ask us to 
deliver over all deliberation upon the appropria- 
tion bills into the hands of the Commitlee of 
Ways and Means; and while I have great confi- 
dence in the gentlemen composing that commit- 
tee, I submit that this is asking a littke too much 
of the House. 
Mr. PHELPS. I would submit to the gentle- 
man from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee 
of Ways and Means, whether it will not expedite 
tho business of the House to allow the consider- 
ation of this bill to go over until it has been printed ? 
Unless some gentleman desires to discuss the bill, 
, I will rnovc that the committee rise. 
Mr. SHERMAN. will simply make this 
suuo•estion to the House. 
understand thei•e is 
some diffculty in getting our docurgents printe(L 
understand the orders which have heretofore 
