THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 21) SESSION. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, 1 want to 
report a bill— 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. It can be done 
by unanimous consent. The Chair hcars no objec- 
tion. 
Mr. HUNT Eli. I ask leave to reporttheTrcas- 
ury note bill back from the Committee on Finance, 
with certain amendments, and I want to have it 
taken up to-day. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be done 
by unammous consent, or the rcsoluti01) of the 
Senator from Kentucky can be passed over inform- 
Mr. HUNTER. This bill ought to be consid- 
ered to-day; we ought to have funds to carry on 
the Government. 
Mr. SWVIGFALL. 
Mr. HUNTER. This is a scheme to borrow 
money. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. There will be no objec- 
tion to taking it up. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move that the Senate pro- 
ceed to the consideration of that bill by unanimous 
co_nsent. 
'The VICE PRESIDENT. Tl proper 
would be to postpone the furthe consideration of 
thc resolution of the Senator fr uKentucky, and 
take up that bill. 
'I'he Cha' will put the ques- 
tion on that motion. 
i he motion was acrreod to; and the Senate, as 
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con- 
the biil (H. R. No. 863) to authorize the 
issue of Treasury notes, and for other purposes. 
It proposes to authorize the President of the Uni- 
ted Statos to cause Treasury notcs to be issued 
for such sum or sums as the eximencies of the 
pul)iic serv;ce Ilia y require, 
but not to exceed at 
uny time the amount of $10,000,000, at)d of dc- 
nominations not less than #100. 'Thcse Trcasury 
notcs are to bc paid and redeemed at the Trcas- 
ury after the. expiration of one year from the date 
of their issue, and are to bear six per cent. inter- 
esti but after their maturity, interest is to cease at 
tho expiration of sixty days' notice of rcadiness 
to redeem and pay them, which notice may at 
any time be given by the Secretary of the r lh•eas- 
ury in one more newspapers at the scat o? Gov- 
For the pay Iiient and reden•u-jtion of 
ernmcnt. 
the notes, the faith of tbe United States is sol- 
emnly pledged. 
The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized, 
with the approbation of the President, to cause 
such portion of these Treasury notes as *nay be 
deemed expedient to be issued by the Treasury 
in payment of warrants in favor of public credit- 
ors, or other persons lawfully entitled to pay- 
inent, who may choose to receive the notes in pav- 
ment at par; and the Secretary is also authorized, 
with the approbation of the President, to borrow, 
froin time to time, on the best terms proposed, 
such sums of money, upon the credit of the notes 
authorized by the act, as he may deem expedient, 
after having given public notice for at least ten 
days; of the sum or sums required, and inviting 
proposals therefor in newspapers published in the 
cities of Washington and New York. 
The notes are to be transferable by assignment 
indorsed thereon by the person to whose order 
they may be made payable, accompanied with 
the delivery of the notc so assigned. They arc 
to •be received by the proper ofiicers in paymcnt 
of all duties and taxes laid by thc authority of the 
United States, of all public kands sold bv their 
authority, and of all debts to the United States, 
of any character whatever, which may be due 
and payable at the time when these notes may be 
offered in payment thereof; and upon every such 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
way. • rrhe bill already pledges the whole rcv- ury and tbc Prcsidcnt, they propose that to the 
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1860. 
interest duc thereon at the timc of the purchase. 
In piace of such .rrrcasury notes as may nave 
been paid and redeemed, other Treasury notes to 
the same amount may be issued; but the acrore 
cyate sum outstahding, under the authority of this 
act, is at no time to exceed $10,000,000; and the 
powcr.to issue and reissue Treasury notes, con- 
tllis act, is to conso and determine, on 
thc 1st day of January, 1863. 
It is also provided, that alt money hereafter 
contracted for under the authority of the act en- 
titlcd " An act authorizing a loan and providing 
for thc redemption of Treasury notes;" approved 
June 22, 186(), shall be used in the rcdmnption of 
Treasury notes now outstanding, and those to 
be issued under this act, and to replace in the 
Trcasury any amount of thcsc notcs which may 
be paid and received for- public •dues, and for no 
other purposes. 
The Secretary procccdcd to read the amend- 
ments reported by; the. Committee on Finance; 
tho first of which was, in the scvcnth line of the 
first section, to strike out one hundred" and 
insert fiftv." 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 will state that that is to 
alter thc denomination of the Treasury notes, so 
as to make thcm fifty dollars. There will bc great 
difiiculty in gettiyvg them off at par, at any ratc. 
We think that will contribute to it. 
T•he amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment of the commitlcc was, at 
the ond of section two, to insert: 
And thc pt•occeds of thc sales the public lands shall bc 
specifically plcd=ed and set apart tn redeexn the said notes 
at par ; and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au ' 
thorized to purchase such notes at par with the funds thus 
specifically pledged Cor the redenii)tion of the notes issued 
under this act. 
Mr. SIMMONS 1 should like to hear some 
reason assigned for that amendment. 
NEW SERIES.....NO.' 5. 
pledge; and we never heretofore have scen the 
day when we were, not able to raise möhey at 
pleasure upon a general pledge. But zno•f.x,; the 
statc of public credit is•vcry different. T hc Seh- 
ate must be aware that it is very hard to get-off 
even United States sccut•itics. Our five cent. 
stocks aro down to ninety or ninety-two; and un- 
less We, do something to give -special seciu•ity to 
this note which we propose now to issue, there 
will be no chance of getting it off at par. 
I believc—l do not speak from my own opin- 
ion, but from what I have heard from sources 
that I respect—that if we reduce the denomina- 
tion of the notc to fifty dollars, and if we pledge 
the proceeds of the: public lands to redcom thiS 
specific issue, we shall be able probablj to get it 
off at par, or something like that; abd if wé do 
not do that, I fear we shall be as badly off with 
these notes as wc were with thc loan,' uriiesg we 
determine to do never would agree to do— 
to sell thc Treasury notes, and take anything they 
may bring, giving the Secretary of the Treasury 
unlimited discretion to sell them at anything. 
1 
an-I not willing to do that; and if I arn not, 
of no other moans of raising Inoney except by 
pledging this specific fund; and there is also an- 
other provision to which we shall soon come, in 
the shape of another amendment to be presented. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suggest to chairman 
oPthc committee whether it is not better to explain 
the bearings of alt thc amendments which the com- 
mittee propose, bcfore we proceed to vote on any 
of them. They secm to be connected together. 
I should like to have the matter fully understood, 
with reference to the amendments that will be 
proposed, and for what they are substituted, in 
order that we may know what are the differences 
between the proposition of the Housc and •that of 
the Scnatc committee. 
Mr. HUNTER. It will give mc great picas- 
Mr. HUNTER. This is an nmendmont which ure to do so. The bill, as it came from the House 
proposes to set aside tho proceeds of the sa]cs of I of Representatives, proposed to issue Treasury 
the public lands for the purpose of redcemino• 
these notes. There is a sul)scquent provision, 
that any of the public creditors who choose to 
take the notes at six per cont., may do so. It 
witl contribute to Inakc the notes pass it 
known that this fund is specifically set aside for 
their redemption. 'I'he Secretary of thc Treasury 
is authorized to purchase them at par, as far as 
this sum (roes, •at any time. This will c.ontribute, 
as we havc good reason to believe, to the currency 
of the note. It is much better to have it with this 
provision than without It. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 see that this section of the 
bill as it is now, pledffcs the faith of the Govern- 
ment to the redemption of these notes; and I never 
was willing, and never will agree, to give collateral 
securitv for the honor of this Government in any 
If the honor of this Government is not 
onue. 
suffcient to enablc it to get credit upon six per 
cent. notes, f shall be very much mistaken. It 
seems to me that this is a singular time to sct 
apart funds for the redemption of notes payable 
a year ahead, when we have not funds enough, 
with all the resources we have got, to pay our 
debts as they become due. The proceeds of the 
sales of the public land are now liable to pay any 
demand upon the Treasury, and ought to bc kept 
notes of a denomination not less than one hundrcd 
Jt also proposed that thesc Treasurv 
notes should be put at a rate of interest not ex- 
cecding six per cent. , avid that any of the public 
! creditors who choose, may take thcm at six per 
cent. ; and for thic residue, that •the Government 
I rnay borrow money upon these Treasury notes 
r I'he meaning of which pro- 
at any rate it can. 
vision was, that the Government might, sell: the 
i Treasury note below par, and get anything that 
it could, at the discretion of thit- Secretary of the 
Treasury and the President. 
Instead of that, the 
Committee on Finance proposc to reduce the de- 
'I'hat will to give 
nomination of the note. 
it currency. Then, instead of giving this unlim- 
ited discretion to take whatever can be had for 
the Treasury note to thc Secretary of the Treas- 
amount of $3,000,000, (trying it to a limited 
amount,) the Secretary should" advertise to give 
that amount of Treasury notes to thc bidder who 
will agree to give par for them at the lowest rate 
of interest, whatever it may be. We thus try the 
market, and put itout at that rate of interest which 
in this way, we save the 
will make it a par bid. 
discretion which is otherwise proposed to be re- 
posed in the Secretary of the Treasury and the 
President. W c ascertain what is the lowest rate 
in the Treasury for any demand that may be madc of interest at which we can get par for the Treas- 
from day to day, and wo should not issue notes I ury note. Bidders are invited. We put out the 
payable in a year out ofa specific fund when we Treasury notos to the amount of $3,000;000, in 
have. already sot apart all our funds for the pay- order that we may sec how it works, and limiting 
li it to an amount that we shall want very speedily 
I hope this amendment will 
ment of-other debts. 
not prevail, and be put in the Treasury note. bill. I in the Treasury. 
I recollect hearing it suggested, twenty years ago The advantage of this is not only saving this 
payment credit is to bc given for the amount of or more, but there never was avote in the Senate discretion in the Secretary and the President, but 
in this vvay may put out a Treasury note 
to put such a on the statute-book. 
principal and interest due on the note or notes rc- 
which will remain out, because we try the market, 
ceived in payment, on the day when tbc same i Mr. HUNTER. It used to be the old doc- 
and we give that market rate of interesb which 
trine, in Inatters of finance, when you were bor- 
shall have been received by the proper offcet•. 
The Sccretary of the Treasury is also directed rowing Inoncy to-pledge a specific surn to redeem will make the note go at par• We all know-that 
I believe, in the days of Mr. ,Tefferson, it was a Treasury note of that sort at this time Would 
to cause to be paid thc principal and interest of . it. 
these Troasury notes at the time when, according not thought safe to borrow money otherwise. be of immense advantage to the community. 
are not legislating in reference to commeréd; bilt 
to the provisions of the act, the same. should be After the. credit of the tJnited States became in- 
disputable and was good everywhere, there was II we ought to ••.vork our financea give to it 
II 
, and he is further authorized to purchase 
the notes at par for the amount of principal and no necessity for anything moi•e than a general all the. incidental benefit inay• bé afforded 
e) 
