1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
fere with the views of the chairman. My own 
judgrnent is different; but I give way. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary. 
will report the amendment proposed by the Sen- 
ator from Pennsylvania to the amendment of the 
Committee on Finance. 
The Secretary read the amendment to strike out 
the words " three million," and insert " ten mil- 
lion;" so that it wili read: 
"l'o issue so many of the notes hereby authorized to be 
issued as inay amount to a sum not exceeding 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on that amendment to the amendment. 
I'vlr. HUNTER. Is not the question on the 
amendment reported by the Committee on Fi- 
nance ? 
Mr. PEARCE. [understand 
mentto theamcodmentas reported by the Finance 
Committce. The Finance Committee limits this 
procedure to $3,000,000. The amendment, I un- 
derstand, goes to the whole amount. 
Mr. HUNTER.. 1 understand that to bewith- 
drawn. 
Mr. PEARCE. It is not withdrawn. The vote 
was about being taken on it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Chair un- 
dcrstands the Senator from Pennsylvania to insist 
on his amendment. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 understand him to with- 
it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is Senate 
ready for the question on the motion of the Sen- 
ator frotn Pennsylvania to strike out " #3,000,000" 
and insert 
HUNTER. 1 understand Senator to 
withdraw that annendnoent. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 did. 1 withdrew it for 
the purpose of giving up my views to the views 
of the chairman of the cornmit,tee. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did 
not so understand the Senator. The Senator is 
so remote from the Chair that hc did not hear 
(l'hc amendment was concurred in. 
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed , 
and thc bill to bo read a third time. It was read 
the third time, and passed.. 
Mr. YULEE subsequently said: 1 desire to 
make a motion to reconsider the bill passed a few 
moments ago, authorizing the issue of Treasury 
The,frRESIDING OFFICER. That n 
will be entered. 
STATE or THE UNION. 
The Senate resumed the consideration of the 
followincr resolution, as. modified by Mr. POWELL 
on the 10th instant: 
Rcsoh:cd, "I'hat so much of tbe President's messaae as 
relates to the present agitated and distracted condition of 
the country and the grievances between the stavcholdina 
and the non-slaveholding States, bc referred to a spccial 
cotaruittee of t.hirteeu mernbers; and t.hat said committee 
bc instructed to inquire into the present condition of the 
country, and report by bill-or otherwise. 
IVIr.WlGFALL. Mr. President, last week the 
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. POWELL,] moved, 
doubtless, by patriotic iE1tcn lions, introduced a 
resolution to have so much of the President's mcs- 
sage as related to the present distracted condition 
of the country referred to a committee of thirteen. 
That resolution came up regularly for discussion 
on Monday, and '.vas debated yesterday also. 
During the. discussion yesterday, the Senator from 
Illinois [MI'. DOUGLAS] was indulging in some 
patriotic p!atitudes upon the' subject of saving the 
Union; and understood him to say that he was 
prepared to make any effort in his power to ac- 
complish that very desirable object. Hc congrat- 
ulutcd the Senate upon thc fact that we were goin(F 
into details, and asked for specifications as to the 
t.hc 
wrongs, or imagined wrongs, til')der which 
southern States wore. suffering, or supposed them- 
selves to be suffering; and , as I understood , pledcred 
himself that, wben our grievances were made 
known, hc would be ready to redress them, as far, 
of course, as lay in his power. Under this state of 
things, I stated to hirn that one of the grievances 
under which the southern States sunposed they 
were sufferi1P was, that this Government denied 
that slaves were l)roperty, and, upon that denial, 
recused to protect the owners of slaves in their 
titlc W' hchevcr they were within the Federal juris- 
our property would be protected when within the 
I did not get a direct an- 
Fedcral jurisdiction. 
sv.rer, and suppose shall not. He answered, 
first, that if we desired protection, we should in- 
troduce a bill, and that I would Icarn by his vote, 
which would then bc recorded, whethcr he was 
ready to afford that protection or not. He then 
proceeded to charge upon me personally, and upon 
Senators from the South, that during ihc last ses- 
Sion of Congress we had, by our votes, rcpudi- 
ated this very doctrine—the right of protection. 
I took issue with him upon that fact, and asked 
10 bc tried by the record. He failed to produce- 
I-Ic atternpted to do so. He mistook a rcso- 
it. 
lution which was introduccd by the Senator from 
North Carolina [Mr. CLINGMAN] for a resolution 
that was introduced by the Senator from Missis- 
[ then stated lhy motives 
sippi, [ Mr. Davis.] 
for voting against the resolution offered by the 
Senator from North Carolina. A resolution was 
then referred to by him, which was introduced by 
thc Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. BnowN.] I 
denied again that I was committed to any such 
doctrincas hc had attril)uted to me. I- again asked 
He replied, that at the time the 
for the record. 
that he might 
debate took place, he sick; 
have been misled by thc newspapers; and that he 
would this morning bring in the record. Now, 
sir, I undertake to prove the negative; and I shall 
proceed to do so Very briefly, bccause it is amat- 
ter of very little concern whether I have been 
consistent or not. 
The Senator (roun Mississippi [Mr. IDA vrs] in- 
troduccd, among-r others of a serics of rcsoiutions, 
the following. 
RcsoLncd, 'L'hat neither Congress, nora Territ.orial Lc- 
gis}aturc, whether by direct. legislation or legislation Gf an 
incurcct and unfriendly character, possess power to annui 
or i:npair the constitutional right of any citizen of the 
United States to take his slave property into the common 
and there hold and cnjoy the saanc while the 
condition remains. 
Mr. CLINGMAN introduced the followino• reso- 
lution: 
'I'hat the existinn condition of the Tcrrit.bries of' the 
IJnitcd States docs the intervention ot• Congress 
for tbc protccüon of ptopcrty in slaves." 
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to strike out 
the word " not." Mr. CRITTENDEN said: 
It seems to me that that •presents a matter of-fact for 
the decision of thc Senate, whether tbe existing condition 
of the 'l'erritot'ies docs now demand any interposition of 
do not know that it does. I do 
eonaressional authority. 
not kilow that it does not. " 
Mr. DAvrs said: 
The. question presented is amere question of fact. The 
resolutions on which the Senate arc voting are deelarat.ions 
of principle. As to the question ot• ihct,-l should concur 
Inore with my colleague ; and if I had to vote tor either 
proposition, should vote for his dcclaration, because I 
rather think the ueccssity does exist; but tuatis an opinion 
which am not prepared now to declare as a fact. Neither 
is it truc that have ever retuscd to vote for the bill which 
the Senator, my colleague, introduced." 
The bill has never been before the Senate iör an expres- 
Sion of opinion." 
Mr. GREEN said: 
There is one other reason why this question of tact 
ought not now LO be considered and voted on, and that is 
this : there is no Senator here who can say that the Con- 
stitution and the laws and tile rclnedies provided by the 
laws at present, ate not adequate to protect every consti- 
I know Inyself, so far as 
tutional right in thc Territories. 
the slave question is concerned, that a replevin has been 
brought in the Territory of Kansas, which is now pending 
in the court." 
Mr. BIGLER said: 
Before the vote is taken, I desire to say that I shall 
vote aøainst the amendrnent, and against the ori"inal prop- 
ositi01'l of the Senator from North Carolina. Wew 1 obliged 
to meet the issue of' fact, I should say that there is no ne- 
ccssity at tllis for 
Mr. BENJAMIN suggested that the diffculty 
could be removed by both the res- 
olution introduccd by the Senator from North 
Carolina and the amendment of Mr. Bnowx. 
Mr. WIGFALL said: 
I shali vote against both resolutions, and for reason 
the Senator from Louisiana has given ; and in that way I 
think '.ve shall have aceotnplished everything can do 
by laying the reso!uti0i1 on the table. As has been ob. 
I believe the' Scnator from 
served by one ot• the Senator:g, 
i)avzs,] it is utterly' incongruous, it is 
unheard 09, that in a series of resolutions settin«r 'brth prin- 
ciplc•. n qties•tion oP fact should be brought up here to be 
It an entire non sequitur of the Senator from 
voted for. 
Ohio, that becau.*c we do obiect to vottng upon questions 
an v intention to eonnn it an •act of duplic- 
it is unddi• its jurisdiction, when the ncCessit.y shali arise. 
I do not know -Whether the necessity now arises. 1 
am ready; by actual legislation; 
does -arise, 'to Carry -these -rosohitions- into 
tny opinion, 
effect; but I not now 'prepared, for f believe thO CöV0de 
committee has not yet ascertaincd the fact as to:the con- 
dition of the logislation of Kansas. precisely at this time. 
Doubtless before the end of the ecssiOEi they-wil"ürnish• us 
the information. 
If-they do not, we may, at .söuie-• subse- 
quent tune, obtain the When. I-am satisfied 
either that Ibe Territorial Legislature haspasscd :aets that 
are unconstitutional, or that the courts håve failed and: re- 
(Used to render adequate redress; or that the courts arenot 
competent to do it, shall be prepared to vote {Or actual 
legislation." 
Now, sir, the complaint which I stated yester- 
day on the part of the slaveholding States, was 
not that there had been no legislation, but itwas, 
that the Senator from Illinois, and those whom he 
represents, deny our right to legislation. That is 
the grievance. That was the qucsäon which I 
wanted ansxxvered. When -we say that there is 
necessity for legislation, when our property has 
been confiscated in Territories that belong to the 
slaveholding well as to the non-slave- 
boldinc States, will he interpose by thc.legisl*tive, 
by thc executive and judicial departments of the 
Federal Government, to protect that species of 
property, as well as every other species of prop- 
erty? I"herc is the plann, naked proposition, a 
question which coen be understood by any one; 
but which, I say in all candor, 1 do not expect 
to be answered directly and plainky by him. I ask 
the Senator now, will he propose amendments to 
the Constitution; will he vote in [his bQdy for 
amendmcnts to the Constitution; will he pledgc 
himself, in good faith, to go back to the people of 
Illinois, and urge before them the ratification- of 
those amendment.s •to the Constilution, not only 
vesting in the Federal Government the power, but 
also making it its imperativc duty, to protect s!avc 
property, as it is its duty to protect every other 
spcc:es of property? If he wili do that, t]ieil there 
v„'ill be onc of the diffcullics to a reconciliation 
removed. 
But he answers me, that I am mistaken; there 
is no excitement upon the subject at tho South; 
we have never complaincd; the' pcople are not 
dissatisfied. He tells us that there are two ox- 
tremes in this country. The people of the far East 
and those who livc down upon thc Gulf misun- 
derstand this question entirely, and the people of 
Kentucky and of Illinois understand it all, and 
he, and some gentlernan, i do not know who, 
from Missouri, who happened to be in the Cham- 
ber, could, if they were appointed a committee, 
settle this whole diffculty in the course of very 
few minutes. Now, sir, I say to the Senator, that 
neither he nor any friend of' his in Missouri can 
settle this question. The people of these States 
can settle it; or, to makc myself understood, these 
States can settle it. They can settle it, and they 
I only can sett.le it. They made the Constitution. 
They provided in that Constitution for its amend- 
ment. The States who are, parties to the compact 
can altcr that compact. They can concede to this 
Federal Government powers *wvhich this Federal 
Government does not now possess. They can 
take from this Federal Government powers which 
it does now possess. If thesc Stoles, then, desire 
to have a new understanding of the bargain, and 
can agree upon the terms, this Union can be saved ; 
but this Union is not to be saved by flattering, 
either upon the floor of this Senate or upon the 
stump. You cannot save this Union by singing 
hosannas to it. You cannot save this Union by 
making 4th of July speeches. Whipped syllabub 
is not the remedy for the patient. You havc got 
to come down to your work, and you have got to 
do something practical. 
The Senator charged further, that by voting 
against Mr. BROWN'S resolution, i and other Sen- 
ators upon this side were committed against the 
doctrine for which I said the South is contending. 
the Senator from Mississippi [MI'. 
Now, sir, 
DAVIS] introduced another resolution, which was 
in these words: 
"Resolved, That it' experience should at any time prove 
that the judicial and executive authority do not po:2sess 
means to insure adequate protection to ConstitUt ionai rights 
ill a Territory, aud i!' the territorial government should fail 
or refuse to provide the necessary remedies for that pur- 
pose, it will be the duty of Congress to supply' -such defi- 
i cieney." 
of thet, it sbosv 
..lter on our part, in That resolution I voted fqr. The other Sena- 
ity or any disposition to n.paver or 
tor from Mississippi [Mr. BROWN] introduced, as 
carrvin" out. whenever it is proper. in our opinion, the 
M'12ieh we here avou••. 
a substitute for that resolution, the following: 
I asked him the plain question as to 
Now, sir, thc resolutions avow the doctrine that it is the 
diction. 
whether he was prepared to give us assurance that duty of Congress to Protect of an kinds, wherever "That experience liaViijg already Shown that the Con- 
