THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 12, 
and'. whether-any- further legislation- is required to secure 
such-on forcement. 
Resolved, 'I'hat to avoid all fürthc-r controversies in re- 
gard to the several Territories of the United Stat.es, said 
coti)mittee -divide said 'I'erritories into States or convenient 
size, wit." a view to their prolnpt.-adtn ission into the Union 
on an equal footing Witb the Qtlier States. 
By Mr. BINGHAM: 
Resolved, fl'hat the special committee of thirty-three re- 
port to the [louse such additional legislation as they may 
deem neeeseary to.snppress and put down anned rebellion 
against the laws and authority of the IJniEQ(l States, to pro- 
tect the property thereof against unlawful seizure, and the 
citizens thireol' against unlawful violence. 
By Mr. MALLORY: 
Resolved, Tbat thc special committee of thirty-three be 
fnsfructed to- report •amendments to the Constitut.ion of the 
United-States, so that in all the !lterritories o!' tbc United 
States north the line of 360 30/ north latitude, slavery or 
involuntary servitude, cxccpt for crime, be prohib\ted ; 
that in {ill territory south that line, the institution of 
-African slavery, as it exists at this time in the slavc States 
of this Union, may oxist, and shall bc protected by the 
Governmcnt of tho U n ited States. That when any 'l'crri- 
tory shall have attained a population sufljcient to entitlc it 
to at Icast Oile Representative in Congress, and 110t until 
then, it shall be authorized to ibrm a State governincnt, 
and, provided its fbrm of government be republican, be 
admitted into thc Union on a perfect equality wit.h l,hc scv„ 
era! States, with or without slavery, as its constitution inay 
provide; that Congree Shall be prohibited fa•otn abolish- 
ina OE interfering with the inter-State slave trade ; f 
slavery in the District of ('jolumbia, in the arse- 
nals and dock-yards or thc United States, and wherever it 
rnay have the power exclusive lewislation. 
By Mr. STEVENSON: 
Resolved,- That the committee of thirty-three be in- 
sttteted to inquire into the e.xpedicney of an-lending the 
fugitive slave law, _declaring it a felony to resist the 
oihccrs ot• tine United States in its exeeut.ion, or to at- 
tempt to rescue a IUgitive whp shali be in the eustody of 
an officer of the United States, under the provisions of said 
act. 
By Mr. ENGLISH: 
Resolved, That for the purpose of dåing justice, and se- 
curing peace and prosperity, the ittee of thirty-three 
be instructed to inquirt-: into the expediency of providing 
for thc settlement of lhc unftn•tunate and dangerou+ 
sectional controversy upon the Ibllovving basis: l. 'Phe 
l'erritories of the United States to be equitably divided be- 
tween the slaveholding and non-slaveholding sections, 
slavery to be prohibit.ed 
in that portion set apart iör tlle 
non-slaveholding, and to be reco«nized in that portion get 
apart for the slavehoEding section, the of .each upon 
tlJC subject slavery to rrnuain unchanged (luring the ter- 
rit.orinl condition; bat when the population in any portion 
of' the territory set apart to either section shall equal or 
exceed the raLio required for a Representative in Congress, 
and the people *ball have formed and ratified a constitution, 
arid asked admission' into the Union as a State 
., State 
shall be adrnitt.ed with or without slavery, as such consti- 
tution nnay prescribe. 2. 'I'he rights of property in slaves 
in the slaveholding Statee, and in the portion ot' thc tcrri- 
tories set apart for the slaveholding scctton, shall not be 
destroyed or nnpaired by in Congress, in the 
'I'erritories or in the noneslaveholding States ; and when- 
cvcr a fugitive slave Shall be rescued from his nntst_cr, ( 
frorn the proper (Jnit.cd States ofliccrs, by reason of unob 
violence or State legislation in conflict Witb thc Constitu- 
tion or laws of the United States, or whenever a slave, 
shall, -in like Inanner, be rescued froin his 'naster while in 
transitu through any non-slavebolding State, the city, coun- 
ty, or tow:isllip in which such rescue is bc 
liable. to the Inastcr in double the value of Ilie slave, recov- 
crablc in the United States courts. 
By Mr. KILGORE: 
Resolved, 'I'hat the eotnmittee to was referred that 
part of thc President's nuh=sane ',vhich relates to (hc preg- 
ent distraeted coriditioti of the country, be to 
inquire into the e.xpcdiency of so arncndinæ the law upon 
the subject of fugitives fro") labor, as to provide: I 
the right of trial by ju ry shall be illtowcd in all cases 
thc alleged fugit.ive claims to he free, if (lemanded. 
an appeal, or writ of error, be allowed to either party upon 
just and reasonable tertns. 
. 'l'hat in all cases where Lhc 
citizens of any free or non-slaveholding State aid or 
assist any fugitive in escaping, or where they shall 
biy prevent-the clailnant or any officer from arresting any 
fugitive, OE shall forcibly rescue any fugitive from the cus- 
tody ofa elailnant_ or any otlieer, either before. or after trial, 
full paytnent shall be madc by the United States to the per- 
son or persons to vvhom the fU2itivc owes service. 4. 'I'hat 
any person or persons who shali törcibly hinder tbc arrest 
of any such fugitive, or shall' forcibly rescue any such fugi- 
tivc, sliall be criminally prosecuted ; and such other amend- 
ments made as nxay be thought necessary to "ivc public sat- 
islåction, without destroyin•g the efliciency of such law, or 
in the least impairing the constitutional rights of any of our 
citizens or inhabitants of the United States. 
By Mr. HOLMAN: 
1. Resoh•ed, That the Constitution of the United States, 
by which the several States of thc Union are organizcd 
into one Govern rnent, is a compact iOundcd upon good 
faith betweén thg States, of mutual and pennanent obliga- 
lion; and the rigllt of a State to secede from the compact, 
and to resume the pnwers surfendcred in its adoption. is 
wholly unwarranted by the iettcr and spirit of its provis- 
ions. 
0. Resoh•ed, That the mutual and coxnrnon intcrest the 
several States, in thc obligations of the Constitution, ren- 
ders it the itnperativc duty of' the Federai Government to 
enforce, in good aud with ternperate firmness, the 
laws enacted in pursuance of its authority in all cases 
where tlæir infringement would impair the constitutional 
rights of any State, or the common and- reciprocal rights of 
the. several States. 
3. Resolved, 'That the. select committee thirty-three 
on the state of the Union bc instructed to inquire whether 
the acts of Congress now iu force are sufficient, in vieiv of 
the present coildition of public affairs, to protect the rights 
of' the- several States against attempts have been 
made, and which may hereafter be Inadc. by any State or 
States to nullify the laws necessary to the' existence of the 
Confederacy, and to carry out the provisions of the Con- 
stitution ; and if lh•c laws now in fbrce are insufficient, it 
shall be the duty of said committee to report the necessary 
bill or bills to provide {Or the Ciner"ency. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, do 
not rise for the purpose of introducincr ail y bill 
or resolution, but sirnply for the purpose of pre- 
senting the memorial of Colonel Daniel Sigler, a 
very respectable and intelligent gentleman resid- 
in(F in my district, who niakes very many good 
and valuable snopestions wif.h respect to the vari- 
ous matters d•efirred to the committee of thirty- 
I desire that it shall be received, and re- 
ferred to that committee. [Crics öf" Read it!" 
It is couched in respectful language. 
If it be the 
desire of the House that it shali be read, I cer- 
tuinly will make no ohjcction. 
Mr. BRANCH. 
As the memorial is the ex- 
prcssion of the opinions of only a single individ- 
ual, i hope that its reading will not be insisted on. 
Mr. CRAIGE,0fNorth Carolina. 1 certainly 
will not agree to its reference, unless I know what 
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the 
memorial cannot be received. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Why? 
The SPEAKER. Because it does not come 
within the provision of the resolution under which 
the House is now actincr. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. 1 do not 
rnake any objection, if tho memorial bc rea'd. 
SPEAKER. If there be no objection, 
the memorial will be read. 
There was no objection, and the memorial was 
read, as follows: 
To the honorable the Ilouse Qf Representatives of t,hc United 
States of .america in Congress assembled : 
The undersigned respectruily prays your honorable body 
to pass a law incorporatinu 
therein the provis- 
to wit: 
l. In a preatnblc annexed to said bill, settle by unpiication 
the question of slavery, 
in to the relation exist* 
ing between rnaster and 
by law, and ill'here it Inay 
bc and where it rnay not be, and that the sa:ne be forever 
excluded frozn conen•essional legislation. 
9. Mako ita crirnc, 'With heavy penalties annexed there- 
ill accordance witil the latter chausc, second section, 
to, 
third article of the Constitution, ti')r any person or persons 
to Inolest, destroy, steal, convey away, injure, or eti(lan- 
get', by any interference, the property ot' another • in any 
'.l'erritory of the United States, be that property of any kind 
sanctioned by the laws of any State frum which the owner 
of such property inay have emigrated. 
3. Fix a penalty punishing all persons who voluntarily, 
under cover of-any law in any State, including all who 
or 
nnay claitn to act in authority by the laws of such State, 
of 
cpccch or of the press, defining in theeame what 
would be till ahusc of that privileac. 
4. Fix a heavy l).enaity on any or persons, in any 
tate , 
who Inay, in any rnanncr or for:n, cither voluntarily 
ot under cover (if IQ\V, iu any State sanctioning the same, 
retar(l, ill tcree.pt, hinder, 
or oppose, in any way or manner, 
faithful execution of' the fugitive stave late. 
5. Enjoin on all Govern:ncnt ()flicers of't.he United States, 
includina the President, to sec that the foregoing be faith- 
fu ily executed. 
It. semns to us, if such a law could be passed, that 
there could be cotnplaint with thc people in any State 
or 'I'erritory in 'Iiis Union. 
'I'he people of 1M assachusctts, 
tv110 are conscientious in the proznotion of rnorals, could 
go to South Caroiina, and teach the slave to be obedient to 
his inaster, and the Inaster to do his duty to his slave ; and 
tbc South Czirolinian could go in peace to Massachuset.ts, 
and reclaim his slave that the Yankee had piously stolen . 
'I'll() people of Georgia would then be a110M'ed to eznigrate 
into any 'Territory with any property they saw fit to take 
with them, sanctioned or recognized by the statutc of 
Georgia. Thc question of slavery itselfwould be taken out 
of Congress, which contingency of itself would restore 
peace and bar:nony to the Union. Cannot South Carolina 
and Massachusetts both rnect on t.his platform? The under- 
signed prays that no steps be taken to alter or amend our 
present Constitution, for this is a dangerous time to try such 
an experiment, as severai States, both North and South, are 
in a state of revolution; tor we (10 not hesitate to say that 
any State in this Union, through her sovereign Legislature, 
who have enacted laws which, iC carried out, destroys our 
national omigations, which, under constitutional guaran- 
toes, cach State in the, Union owes to thc other, is in the. 
height of rcvoiution, and disloyal to the Union of States 
while those statutes retnain on the statute-books. Cannot 
our American Congress meet on this plan or one 
thereto, and set!le the pending diflieulties ; or shall we suffer 
our glorious Union to be torn asunder by divisions, hatred, 
and bloodshed? If it must be so, let that day be cursed, let it 
be struck the computation of timc, lost to the pen of 
the historian, not to be transmitted•-to the generations to 
come, that dates that awful catastrophe, when the •ar:ns 01' 
our Alnerican chivalry were brought to act upon itself. 
Caused by what? A simple abstraction. an ifnaginary con- 
tingency, that so;ne years hence, iilid thousand miles from 
the inhabited portion of our Republic, an African siavo 
inight be taken into some 'i'erritory as fca red by one of the 
l)eliiccrent or that he miffht. be excluded therefrom 
by the party. Cannot this sitnple question 
be adjusted by Arnerican st.atcslnen ? 
Ift.o divide is our fate; T, as a nat.ion, with all our com- 
Inercia}, political, and social advantazes we are to be sev- 
cred aud scattered to tlie four winds by the ravages of war 
on so simple an issue, the God of the u.niverse to 
visit us in venaeancc, and serve ns as he did the fallen an- 
gels who kept not their first estate—reserve us in chains of 
darkness into bondage forever. 
For the passage of tzueh a 
law your petitioner will ever pray. 
DANIEL SIGLER. 
JEFFERSONVILLE, December 7, 1860. 
Constitutional guarantccsfor the foregoin 
See tenth seetion of the mhended Constitution, reserving 
the right to the poopie to settlc slavery, atld not d&cgated 
-to United States to do so; also, 
first section of the same, 
granting freedom of specch and ofthe press. Latter clause 
of second section, third art.icle. Congress to place courts 
out of a State to punish cri:ne. Fourth article on reclaiming 
fugitives from labor. Also, the clause cnjoluing on the 
President to see the 
laws faithfully executed; and that 
which enjoins on all oflicers of the United States to take 
an oath to support the Constitution. Hence no odicer should 
suffer it to be violated, if he can prevent it. 
Mr. NIBLACK. Onc of the resolutions of- 
fered by my colleague [Mr. ENGLISH] anticipates 
some portion of the resolution which I had pre- 
pared; but as it does not meet fully all the points 
covered by my resolution, I will send up the one 
I had prepared. 
The resolution was read, as follows: 
Resolved, That the. select cornmittce to which has been 
referred so much of the President's message as relatcs to the 
perilous condition of the country be instructed 10 inquire 
whether it bé competent for Congress to provide by law for 
thc payrnent of the value of fugitive, slaves rescued by fbrce 
or violence by Lho counties, cities, or nnunicipal districts in 
which such fugitive slaves should be so rescued ; and if it 
bc fOund that Congress possesses the power so to cnact 
then that said conimittee inquire into the expediency o 
thus providing by law, and report by bill or otherwise. 
By Mr. McCLERNAND: 
Resolved, That the cotnrnit!ee ofthirty-three be instructed 
to inquire and report '.vl»ether Congress has constitu•tiönal 
power to make the people of any particular State, Inuni- 
cipal corporation therein, liable to indclm•uify any owner of 
any slave eseapin«r into such State and who has been r 
cucd froni rightful custody by force or otherwise ; and ai*0, 
whether it is expedient to establish a specicd Federal police 
för the purpose executing the laws ot' the United Staten, 
and promptly suppressincr any u lawful resistance thereof; 
also, whether any further le«yislation is requisite to 
secure a protnpt, certain, and full enforcement of the guar-- 
antees of the Constitution, or ivhcther an mncndmcnt of 
the Const.itution is necessary for that purpose. 
By Mr. NOELL: 
Whereas there now exists, on the part of the people of 
the southern States of this Union, a weil*founded appre- 
hension that they no longer hold the power in the Federal 
Governrnent necessary to secure their peaco and the safety 
of their property against the aguressions of the Federal Gov- 
erntnent, should it becomc the will of the people of the 
northern States to assail thern through the Federal AdlQin- 
istration or by hostile legislation; and whereas security 
and peace, held by one section at the inere 'Vill of an- 
other, cannot be safely relied on ; and whereas thc great 
Inaterial int.erest* of tho couvnry, in every section, are inn 
volvcd in the satiny of the Union and the perpetuity of the 
Constitution on such terms as will give to every section tfrle 
means of" protection atrainst the autrre.ssions of other sec- 
tions: Therefbre, 
De it resol-t•cd, That the select cmnmit.te,e of thirty-three 
be instructed to take into consideration the propriety and 
necessity of abolishing, by amendinenis to the Con$titu- 
tion, the oflicc of President of the United States, and of 
establishing, in lieu thcreof, an executive council, to con- 
sist of throe :uembcrs to be elected by districts contposed 
of contiguous States as ncar as practicable ; each Inember 
of said council to be armed with a veto power, such as is 
now vested ill the President of the United States; and if 
such plan be deemed practicable by said conunittcc, that 
they report to this House such details thereof as may be 
necessary to accommodate the satne to the existing Con- 
stitution of' thc United States. 
Be it . /:urtfier resoleed, 'P hat said committee bo also re- 
quested to take into consideration thé means necessary (if 
aoy can be devised) to restore tuc equilibrium between the 
frec and the slave States in the Senate of' the United States ; 
and particularly whether this end can be acconmlished by 
a voluntary division on the, part of some of the slave States 
into two or more States. 
By Mr. IIINDMAN: 
Resolved, That arnendrnents of the Constitution of the 
United States ought to he made as fbllows, to wit: 
l. An 
express recoønition of the right of property in slaves in the 
States where it now exists or Inay hereafter exist, 
and an 
express denial to the Federal Governtnent all right or 
power to prohibit or restrict t.he trade in slaves between 
the States. 2. An express requirerneut that the Federal 
Goverrnnent shall protect the right of property in slaves in 
the District of Cohnnl)ia. in am 'Cerritories of' the United 
States while the territorial condition exists, and wherever 
else the Federal jurisdiction extends. 3. A provision that 
every rrerritory authorized by act to hold a 
convention, and c.ijnvenf.ion shall adopt a congtitu- 
tion republican in form, shall be adlnitted into the Union 
as a State, with or without slavery. as its constitution may 
prescribe. 4. A provision that citizens of any State or 
