80 
to .ineurthc expense ofadditional clerical services 
and additional room-rentat their own cost. I have 
here •a statement of the accounts of the register 
and receiver at Springfield, in which- they state 
that they have incurred necessarily considerable 
expenses to enable them to discharge the duties 
of the offices to which they have been appointed. 
Thesc accountshave been presented to the proper 
officers of the Interior Department, who acknowl- 
edged the justice and •-equity of the claims, but 
failed to pay them, because of the want of power 
under any existing law-.- The Secreta*y of the 
Interior, hovvreverj as has been stated by the gen- 
tleman Indiana, recommended that an ap- 
propriation be made to provide for payment In 
Such cases. 
now- proposc an amendment to come in in 
the third section of the bill, •„vhich I will ask the 
Clerk to read. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
SEC. 3. and be it further enacted, That the provisions of 
this act be, and they are hereby, c.xtendcd to all other con- 
solidatcd land oflices. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 move to amend that 
section by adding as follows: 
Prorided, That this act shall bc construed to cxtend to 
and provide' tor expenscs I-wretofi)re incurred by any recr- 
ister or a:eceiver or such consolidated land oflice addi- 
tional clerical aid and office or : 02nd provided 
further, 
r]'hat the axuount of such expenses or indcnznity 
shall be abproved by tile Secretary of the Interior. 
CLARK, of Missouri. 
I ask, in connec- 
tion with the- remarks of the gentleman from Illi- 
nois, that-a letter f'romthe register of the oflice at 
Boonville, Missouri, in' reference to thc necessary 
expenditures of this othge, may bc read. 
' The Clerk read, as follows: 
BOONVILLE, MissouR1, Oetobcr 17, 1860. 
SIR : In cotnpliance witli your circular of 16th of August 
herewith trunsrnit a statcxnent ()t• the aenount of 
Inoney paid h)' nne ele,lieal services as cot)tmnplated by 
the law of 18111 August, 1856 ; also, vouchers tur the mnount 
so paid. 
'l'he oc April, 1859, to which titne the account goes 
back, was the counneneelncnt 01' official tcrjll. 
Plattsburg and Milan oiiices wcrc closed the 31st of the 
March prev ions, and reached herc about Illc 10th of April, 
frorn "viiiclk titne there was a {Or ('.xtraordinary cler- 
ical services in behalf of the reuister, not conteruplated by 
tEie law of 1818. 
(iles of those offices were rcccivcd in whole or in 
part, in the most inexplicable confusion. Thc Plattsburg 
prei.hnption proof' and declaratory 
some eightccn thousand, were thrown togethei without re- 
gard to 10011th or even year. None of the letter-files in any 
of the oiliceg, e..xcept Paltnyra, were put up in order ofdate ; 
and the Milan files were not even brielt.•d and dated. 
Fwettes Milan, Piattsbqrg patent-files were in such a 
couditi0fi that i wa•3 under tuc necessity of renuil)berint• 
and refiling the 01' them. In Lhe Plattsburg Otlie.e, iOr 
instnnec-, about one hali' of the warrant patents under act 
11350 had been incorporated with those under act 1855. 
The Milan casli applications were all thrown into a box, 
without regard to date or nurnber; so with preöxnption 
papers-. The Fayette oßic.e records were unpostcd iör over 
In üddition to the labor oi' attending to and prop- 
a year. 
Orly arranging all those patents and papers, the unprece- 
dcnt.ed nuvnber of lilislaites and conflict* of the Plattsburg 
oflice were 
precipitated upon Inc. 
froin yotu• 
ofliee ns hit'h as three letters days, and 
letters having nearly one hundred conflicts ette,ll, in which 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 12. 
engrossed and read a third time; and, being en- 
grossed, it was accordingly read the third Lime. 
Mr. ALDRICH. Is it too slate to offer an 
amendment? 
The SPEAKER. It is. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana," demanded the pre- 
vious question on the passage of the bill. 
The call for the previous question was seconded , 
and the main question was ordered ; and under the 
operation thereof the bill was passed. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to recon- 
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and 
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid 
upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
SALT SPRINGS IN OREGON. 
Mr. THAYER. 1 am instructed by the Com- 
mittee on Public Lands to report back Senate bill 
No. 82, to amend the fourth section of the act for 
the admission of Oregon into the Union, so .as to 
extend the time for selecting salt springs and con- 
liguous lands in Oregon, with the recornmenda- 
tion tllat it do pass. 
The bill was rcad in cctcnso. 
It extends the 
time for the selection of salt springs and contig- 
uous lands, according to the provisions of t.he 
I fourth section of tho act entitled " An act for the 
i admission of Oregon," approved February 14, 
1859, to any time within three years from the 
passage of thitact. 
IVIr. THAYER demanded the previous ques- 
tion. 
fl'hc call for the previous question was seconded, 
and thc main question was ordered; and under 
the operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be 
read a third time; and it was accordingly read the 
third,time. 
T hc bill was then pitssed. 
Mr. TI•IAYER moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the. bill was passed; and also n')oved 
that the motion to reconsider be laid u on the 
table. 
"I'he latter motion was agreed to. 
DAKOTA . 
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on Public 
Lands, reported back bill No. 611, to con- 
stitute the Dakota lalld district, and to provide 
for the ad rnission to the House ()fRepresentatives 
of a Delegate therefrom, with the recon-unenda- 
tion that it do pass; and dernanded the previous 
question on its engrossment und third reading. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, the 
gentlcunan cannot seriously expect this Elouv to 
act upon a bill of thc importance of the one he 
has just reported, under the operation of the pre- 
vious question. 
It ouffht. to go, at least, to the 
Commutce of the Whole on the state of the 
Union. 
IVII•. THAYER. The bill provides 
vey of the public lands in Dakota, or in so much 
of the formcr Territory of Minnesota as was not 
; and, added to this, was ad init.tcd as part of the State. 'l'he people of 
I had to conmare and report upon 
'l'hc great Dakota have their governznent already formed, 
an u itpreeedented individual correspondence. 
rush lands in Missouri, 
two years previous, and un- 
easiness Inanifösted by holders of Plattsburg certificates (0 
know the condition of their lands, or obtaln their patents, 
has itnposed on ine a labor I arn sure you will hardly at)- 
preciate. And in addition to all of this, the extent of this 
district, thO number or patents hero must necessarily bring 
large: number or persons daily to the oflice, often consunr- 
ing the whole of oflicc hours proper, and *caving the cor- 
respondence to -be attcrldcd to at night. My co:npcnsatioa 
for thiS period of time will vary but fro:n , 
000. Dc 
duet from this the amount paid clerks, and I have left 
$230 for my services, not to nnention the expense for fuel 
antl board. 
Very rcspcctt•ully, your obedient servant, 
11. L. BROWN, Rcgistm•. 
COMMISSIONER GENERAL LAND OFFICE, Washington city. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. As I intend to call 
. for the previous question on the adoption of the 
amendment, I will say, beföre doing so, that I 
have in rny possession letters frorn the Secretary 
of the Ir.terior and the Commissioner of the Gen- 
eral Land Office, in favor of the passage of this 
I now call for the previous question. 
The cali för the previous question was seconded, 
and the main qucstion was ordered; and under the 
operation thereof the amendment was adopted. 
kMr. DAVIS, ot• Indiana, moved to reconsider 
the vote by which the amendment was adopted; 
and a.so rnoved that the motion to reconsider be 
laid upon the table. 
'I'hc lattcr motion was agreed to, 
The hill, as an'iended, was then ordered to bc 
I and the bill only •provides for thc admission of a 
Delegate froin that government to sit I'lcrc, as do 
the Ihkegatcs from other "l'errit.orics, and at the 
sanH-' rate of compensation. Those, sir, are the 
main provisions of the bill. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. we of this 
the House, who are suddenly called upon to vote 
I on this important proposition, cannot hear a word 
of the geritlcrnan 's explanation. 
I hope he will 
speak louder, or come nearer to us. 
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, 
the bill is a 
vcry plain one. 
It contemplates the survey and 
sale of the public lands in Dakota. It does not 
propose to organize any government for the peo- 
ple of Dakota, for they have already organized 
It provides for the' admis- 
one for themselves. 
Sion of a Delegatc from that government to a seat 
in this House of Representatives. The provis- 
ions for the survey and sale of the public lands 
arc the same as have been adopted by Congress 
in former like cases. There is nothing new in 
•those provisions. The bill only gives the people 
a chance to purchase and secure as homcstcads, 
the tracts of land which they now occupy. 
-IM r. COX. I ask thc gentloman from Nfassa- 
chusetts, whether this is not the same bill that 
was reported at the last session ? 
Mr. THAYER. It is the same bill;anditwas 
not only reported but it was discussed at the last 
session. I now renew the demand for the pre- 
vious question. 
Mr. GROW . I hope the demand for the prem 
vious question will not be sustained. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think that on a 
measure of the magnitude of the one before. us, 
the previous question ought not to be sustained. 
If the bill is to be -pressed through in this hasty. 
manner, I must demand the yeas and nays on 
ordering the main quest'ion. 
The call for the previous question was not, 
seconded. 
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, this bill proposes 
the creation ofa new offcer, to be called the sur- 
vcyor general of Dakota. We are to have that 
new office, with ail the additional expenses attend- 
ant upon it, when we now have a surveyor gen- 
eral for that district; for it cannot be unknown 
that Dakota is embraced within the district of 
the surveyor general of Minnesota and • Iowa. 
Nothing, therefore, is gained by this bili so far 
as the survey and sale of the public lands are 
concerned. 
And it not only creates one new oflicc for which 
there is now no earthly necessity. It provides 
that a man may come here ond sit as a member 
of Congress—a from a land district, so 
that in reality it creates two new offices, the in- 
cumbents of which are to draw pay from the 
Government without doif)g anything for the peo„ 
ple of the Territory. Even if this bill become the 
law, the organization existing in Dakota, what- 
ever it is, will have no more legal validity than 
would that of a vigilance committee, in the nature 
of which it really is. The ptissao•c of this bill 
docs not legalize government of Dakota. It 
o•ives no sanction to it. Every lawyer of t:his 
House knows well enough that no court o? jus- 
tice would recvnize any rights accruincr or arising 
under a voluntary association of the people, like 
that which at this day is in förce in Dakota. They 
can only bc recognized as valid when sanctioned 
by the authority of the Congress of the United 
States. It is, then, mcrc bagatelle to undertake to 
pass tbis bill. it furnishes nothing to the people. 
It gives then-n no relief. It gives them nothing, 
that they have not now. They have a sur- 
Sir, 
vcyor general. They can have their lands sur- 
vcyed under the law as it now stands. The. biiå 
will accomplish nothing new in that respect, and 
it gives no validity to the form of government 
which now exists there. If Congress wishes the 
r rerritory organized, let it bc done in the usual 
and proper way. Let the law be so drawn that 
Congress authorizes thc people of Dakota to act 
as a political conn•nunity under the laws of the 
United States. When that is donc, rights will 
accrue which will be recognized by our courts of 
justice. 
So far, Mr. Speaker, as I understand the pow- 
ers of this Government and its duties to the peo- 
ple of the Territories, the mager can be summed 
up in a few words: that these Territories, until 
some action of Congress is taken in relation to 
them, are not opcn to settlement; that under the 
non-intercourse act, they cannot bc settled, ex- 
cept in violation of the laws of the. country. No 
Settler can go in and occupy a Territory l.\ntil such 
time Congress, by some authority, permits 
sonho sort. of a government to take the place of its 
own jurisdiction; for until open to settlement it is 
under the jurisdiction of Congress, placed there 
by the authority of the Constitution. Congress 
must bc the primary law-making power of these 
Territories. Suppose you acquire territory from 
I a foreign Government, and they cede to you all 
jurisdiction over it: then, of course, Congress is 
invested with power over that territory until some 
legislation delegates the power to the people to 
orcranize a government there under their own au- 
thority. Until they do that, there is no govern- 
ment In legal existence in the Territories 01" the 
Union. When Congress does that, you have a 
government deriving its authority from the law- 
making power of the Government. 
In the first 
instance, it must derive its authority from Con- 
gress; for, is therc such an anomaly that any foot 
of territory of thi•Government is Without a law- 
making power? In a State the law-making povv-er 
over the territory within its limits, is the Legis- 
, Iature of tho State. No State has jurisdiction 
over a foot of soil outside of the State. There- 
fore, no law-making power exists in the States 
for territory beyond their limits. Then, is it•pos- 
