82 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 13, 
DEFICIENCY BILL. 
-Mr. SHERMAN,• from the Committee of 
Ways and Means, reported a bill to supply defi- 
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of 
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1861; which was 
read a first and second time, referred to the Com- 
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, 
and ordered to be printed. 
RAILROAD GRANT TO KANSAS. 
Mr. VANDEVER. I am instructed by the 
Committee on Public Lands to report a bill (H. 
R: No.- 700) granting alternate sections of the pub- 
lie lands to aid in the construction of certain rail- 
roads in the Territory or future State of Kansas. 
I desire to say in reference to the bill, that it 
propoSeS to grant alternate sections of the public 
lands upon the line of various railroads in the 
qten•itory Of Kansas. It embraces one main lead- 
ing line mp the Kaw Valley to the mountains— 
the western limit of the present Territory— 
Mi•. SMITH, of Virginia. 
I would •suggest 
that it Would be better for the gentleman to reserve 
his remarks till the discussion of the bilk in Com- 
mittee Of the Whole on the state of the Union, 
where it will of coürso go, i suppose. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 did not intend any dis- 
I merely wish to explain the pro- 
cussion at all. 
visions of the bill. 
"I'lrere are some peculiarities 
IL is different from any that has 
about they bill. 
ever been presented before. 
Mr. DAVIS, Of Indiana. I ask the gentleman 
tö giVe Wåy for 'an amendment wlfich i a.m direct- 
ed by the Committee on Public Lands to offer. 
Mr. VANDEVER. lhopc the will 
_päuse until I ca-n make my remarks. 
Seveéal MEMBERS. Lct the, bill be read. 
The Clerk proceeded t.o read the bill. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 move that the 
House do now •o_diourn. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 
I have not yielded the 
I desired to have thc bill read. 
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 that this bill 
is a report from the Cmnrnittee on Public Lands. 
Was that committee regularly called? 
The SPEAKER, Yes, sir; and the gentleman 
from' Iowa is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the 
man from Iowa give way fbr a motion to adjourn ? 
The SPEAKER. The bill will come up the 
first thing iii- the morning. 
Mr. VAN'DEVER. 1 will yield the floor for 
motion to adjourn, if that is the:plcasure of the i 
Eld(ise. 
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. 1 hope 
gentleman will go on with his ex )lanation. 
Mi•. SMITH,' oc Virginia. O i, no. Let us 
adjourn. 
'I'he SPEAKER. Döeg the gentleman from 
Iowa yield to •élitlem•an from New York ? 
Mr. VANDEVf%'R. Yes, sir; a motion to 
ad •ourn. 
JMr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then 1 
the House do now adjourn, 
UNION PRAYER-MEETING—USE OF 
The SPEAKER. Will the allow the 
Chair to make a 51-wcrestion? A verv respectable 
body of gentlemen, clm•gvmcn of all denon'lina- 
tiOns, c-åkled upon me in my room this morning, 
and have the use of this Hall to-morrow 
evening to hold a union prayer-meeting, at which, 
I believe, Dr. Spring, of New York, is expected 
'to preside. 
'I hopc ther House will consent that 
they may have t-hc use of the Hail. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Oil, no; we cannot do 
that. 
Mr. COX. I will move that the consent of the 
House be given, if such a motion is necessary. 
Mr. SINGLETON. 1 object. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, sought the floor. 
Mr. GURLEY. T-las the morning hour 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Am 1 entitled to 
the floor? 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There is a motion 
to adjourn pending. 
T fie SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is 
the 0111 V qunstion order. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiai')a. Before the queslion 
is put on adjournm•eht, I desire to present an 
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the 
amendment will be ordered to be printed. 
No objection v„ras made. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Now, 1 hope 
will-be no objection to my a resolution. 
Mr. RUFFIN and others objected. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire to know If anything 
is in order pending a motion to adjourn? 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Just word— 
The SPEAKER. The Chair wishes to under- 
stand from the House one thing about which he 
is not informed. An application has been made 
to me in a respectful manner, and to which I have 
no personal objection. The subject is now before 
1 do not feel at liberty to grant the I 
the House. 
use of the Hall without the consent of the House; 
but I suppose the consent of the House will de- 
I pend upon the majority. If I am under a misap- 
prehension,l shall be happy to be corrected; but 
I suppose. it depends on that. 
Mr. COX. If a motion is necessary, I will 
move that the use of tho Hall be granted. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 rise to a question of order; 
and that is, whether anything is in order while a 
motion is pending that the House do now adjourn ? 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I want' to say to 
the enemies of this resolution that 
Mr. RUFFIN. 1 call the gentleman to order. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, continued his 
marks. 
Mr. RUFFIN. 1 call the gentleman to order; 
and I call upon the Speaker to enforce the rules 
of thc House. 
Mr. MORRIS, of 
I have said all that 
I desire to say. I shall ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the House to offer this resolution every 
(lay until it is received and acted upon. 
I am 
determined that gentlemen shall vote upon it. 
Mr. RUFF INS. 1 call upon the Speaker to 
on force the 
rules of the House; and if the Sl)eaker 
cannot do it, ho ought to resign his place. 
Mr. COCEIRANF,: i think it about 
tinoe that the unotion to adjou rn should be put. 
r L'he question '•.vas taktni•, and the motion was 
tvrrced to. 
The I-louse thereupon (at half past two o'clock , 
adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
December 13, 1860. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
EXECUTIVTCOMMUNICATION. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the 
nt.e a letter of tbc Treasurer of the United States, 
communicating copies of his accounts the 
third and fourth quarters of 1859 and tho first and 
second-quarters of 1860. 
Mr. BIGLER. It has been usual, 1 believe,to 
publish this docutnent. 
However, I will merely I 
rnove that it lie upon the table. 
'Che motion was agreed to. 
BILL RECOMMITTED. 
01) mot.ion of Mr. BRAGG, it. was 
Ordered, 'That the 
bill (11. R. No. 276) the relief 
Mrs. Ilannab McDowell, reported adversely croni the Com- 
RI i tl.ee Pensions, on the 
16th of May last, be recom- I 
mitte(l to the ('onnnittec on Pensions. 
MF*MORIAL. 
Mr. BROWN. 1 present the memorial of 
president and directors of the Columbia Institu- 
lion for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb 
and the Blind, praying for an appropriation for 
the purpose of providing suitable buildings and 
grounds. Not being willing to take any active I! 
part in thc legislation of Congress, I will simply 
say that, at the request of the memorialists, i in- 
troduce the memorial, and ask to have it referred 
to the Comruittce on the District of Columbia. 
It was so referred. 
MESSAGE FROM HOUSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
bv Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed a bill (No. 841) making further 
provision in relation to consolidated land offices; 
in which the concurrence of tile Senate was rc- 
li quested. 
r I"he inessage farther announced that the I louse 
arnendmcnt to the bill reported by the gentleman had passed the bili of the Senate (No. 82) to 
from Iowa, [Mr. VANDEVER,] that it may be amend the fourth section of the act for the adrnis- 
printed, 
Sion of C)rpgon into the 'Jnion, so as to extend 
the time for selecting salt springs and- contiguous 
lands in Oregon. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
The message further announced that the House 
had ordered the printing of the following docu- 
ments: 
Letter from the Postmaster General, transmit- 
tincT a statelnent showing the distance from .1he 
-post office of each'Senator and Representative in 
Congress to the city of MT ashington—ordered on 
tho 11th instant, at twelve o 'clock and ten minutes. 
Letter from the. Treasurer of the United States, 
communicating copies of his accounts—ordered 
on the 13th instant, at twelve o 'Olock and ten 
minutes. 
BILL INTRODUCED. 
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent 
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 520) to 
furnish arms and accoutennents to a volunteer 
company in Lexington, Ken tuck y; which was 
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com- 
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia. 
AMENDMENT OF TIIF, CONSTITUTION. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 offer the fol- 
lowing joint resolution, and ask that it be read: 
The Secretary read it, as follo•ws: 
Joint resolution (S. No. 48) proposing amen(hnents to the 
Constitution of' the United States. 
MY hereas the fifth article of the Constitution of the Uni- 
ted States provides [Or amen(hnents thereto in the :nanrtet 
following, viz: Congress, whenever two thirds of both 
Houses shall deem it necessary, shalR propose amendments 
to this Constitution, or, on the application o? the Legisla- 
tures of two thirds of thc several States, shall cail a con- 
vcntion itr proposing anlendlnents, which, in eithcr case, 
shall bc valid to ail int.cnES and purposes, as part of this 
Constitution, ratified by the Legislatures of three 
fourths of the several States, or by conventions in three 
fourths thereof, as the one or the other Inode of' ratification 
be proposed by the Congress : Provided, 'That no amend* 
rnent. which nv,ny be made prior to the year 1808 shall in any 
manner aflOct the first-lind föurth clauses in the ninth sec- 
tio:t of the first article ; and that no State, without its con- 
sent, shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate 
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represcntatiees 
of the United St.a•tcsoj' dZrnerica in. Congress assembled, (two 
thirds of both Houses concurring,) 'I'hat the töllowinm 
mn€mdlnents to the Constitution (if the United States be 
proposed to tho l.,egislatures of the several States, which, 
when ratificd bv the Legislatures of t.hree fourths of the 
States, shall be valid to ali intents and purposes as part of 
the. Constitution : 
'I'hat hereafter, the President and Vice President of the 
I hlited States shall be cboscu by the people of the respective 
in the manner fb!lowing: Each State shall be 
divided. by the Legislature thereof, into districts, equal in 
nurnber to the whole number of Senators and Representa- 
tives to which such State Inay be ent.it!ed in the Congress 
of the United States; the said districts to be emnposed of 
contiguous territory, and to contain, as nearly as may be, 
an equal number of persons entit\cd to be represented under 
Constituäon, and to be laid for the first time, inv 
inediately after the rati fication of this amendinent, and af'ter- 
wards, at the session Otl the Letris}atnre next ensuing the 
of representatives by the Congress Of' the 
•United States, that, on the first Tl'hursday in August, in 
the year 1854, and on the same day every tuurth year there- 
after, tllC citizens of each State possess the qualifica- 
tions requisite for electors of the numerous branch ot- 
the State Lfl"islatures, shall Inect within their respective 
districts, and •vote för a President and Vice'President the 
(Juited States; and the person receiving the greatest num- 
bcr of votes iOr President, and the one receiving the great- 
est nun)be.r of votes Vice President, ill cach district, 
shall be holden to have received one vote ; which ihctsha!l 
be inunediately certified by the Governor ot• *he State, to 
each of the Senators in Congress fi'01n such State, and to 
the President of the Senate and tbc Speaker of the House 
of Representat.ives. 
shall be in session on the second Monday in October, in 
the year 1864, and on the. same day on every fourth year 
thereafter ; and the President of the Senate, in the presence 
of the Sc.•nate and House of Representativos, shall open all 
the certificates. and the votes shall then be counted. Tlie 
person having ille greatest number of votes for President, 
shall be President, if such number be equal to a majority 
of the whole number of votes given ; but if no person have 
such majority, t.hcn a second election shall be held on the 
first Thtirsday in the Inonth 01' December then next ensu- 
ing. between the persons having the two highest numbers 
{Or the office, of President; which second election Shail be 
conducted, the resu}t certified, and the votes counted, in 
the saine Inanner as in •the first; and the person having the 
greatest nt_nnber of votes for President, shall be President. 
But, if two or more persons shall have received the great- 
est, and an equal nutnber of votes, at the second election, 
then the person who shall have received thc greatest num- 
her of votes in the greatest number of States, shan he Pres- 
'i'he person having the greatest number of votes for 
Vice President, the first election, Shail be Vice Presi- 
dent, if sneh uun)ber be equal to a majority of the vvhote 
number of votes given ; and if no persoru have such )najor- 
ity, then a secorid election shall take place between the 
persons having the two hiahe.st ntunåers, on the sayne day 
that the second cleeti0El is hc}d {Or President; and the per- 
son having the nun)ber the votes for Vice Pres 
ident, shall be Viée Ptesident. But if there should happen 
be un equality of' votes betweeli the parsons so voted ihr 
