1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
83 
at the second election, then the. person having the greatest 
number of votes in the greatest number of States, shall be 
Vice President. But when aseeond election shaiibeneees- 
in the case of V ice President, and not necessary in the 
case Uf President, then the Senate shall choose a Vice Presi- 
dent from the persons having the two highest numbers to tho 
first electien., as is now prescribed in the Constitution : Pro- 
shall bc chosen from one of the slaveholding States, and 
the Vice Prcsident from one ofthe non-s\avcholdiug States ; 
and in tbc year 1868, the President shall be chosen 
one of the nori-siavehoiding States, and the Vice President 
from ono of the slaveholding States, and so alternating the 
President and Vice President every four vears between the 
slaveholding and the .non-slaveho.tdin'* -States during the 
continuance of the Government. 
SEC. 2. aand, be it.further resolved, That att,icle one, sec- 
ture," and inserting in lieu thereot• the followinø words, 
viz; persons qualified to vote for members of the most 
so as to make the 
numerous branch of the Legislaturu,• 
third section of said article, when ratified by three tOurths 
of the States, read as ihltows, to wit : 
two Senators from each Statc, choscn by the persons qual- 
ified to vote for the members of the ntunerous munch 
of the Legislature thereof, for six years, and each Senator 
shall have one vote. 
SEC. 4. and be it furüa.er resolveå, That article three, 
seet.ion onc, Oe amended by striking out the words good 
behavior," and inserting the following 'words, viz : 
term of-twelve years." And farther, that said article and 
section be amended by adding the itllowing thercto, viz : 
and it shall be the duty of the President of the United 
States: within twelve anonths after the ratification of this 
amendment -ky three fourths Gf an the States, as provided 
by the Constitution of the Unitcd States, to divide {hc 
whole, number Gf judges, as near. as !nay be practicable, 
into three classes. The seats of the judges of the first class 
shall be vacated at the expiration of the fourth ycar from 
such classification; of the second class, at the exoiration of 
the eighth year; and •of the third class, at the expirationof I 
Ibe t'ielfth year, so that one third may be chosen every 
fourth year thereafter." 
The article, as amended, Wii! read. as follows : 
ARTICLE 
SEC. i. The judicial power of the United States be 
vested in onc Supremc Court, and in such .inftærior courts 
as the Congress from tnne to time may ordain and establish. 
The judges, both of the supreme and inferior courts. shall 
hold their offices during the tcrna or twelve years. and shall 
at stated times, receive their serviecs a co-rnpens•ation, i 
which shall not be durinr their continuance in 
omce. And it shall he the dnt.y oft_he Presidentof the Uni- 
ted States, •within twelve n*011ths after the ratification of 
this tunendment by three iUurths of all thie States, as vro- 
vided by the Constitution of the United States, to divide 
Ehe whole number of judges, as near as maybe p.racticable, 
rl'he seats of the judges of the first i 
into three classes. 
class shall be vacated at the ex:piration of lhe fburth year 
from such classification; of the second class, at. t.hc expi- 
ration ot•the eighth year ; and of the tl'lird class, at tlac ex- 
piration of the twelfth year, so thatone third may be chosen 
every fourth year thereafter: Provided, however, That all 
vacancies teet;rring Gunder the provisions of this section 
sliall be filled by persons, one ha!fof whom shali bechoscn 
from the slaveholdiwr States, and the half with per- 
sons chosen from. the nan-slaveholding States. so that. file 
Supreme Court will bc equally divided between slave- 
holding and the non-s'avehoiding States. 
JOHNSON, Tennessee. That 
mittee not having been appointed, though pre- 
sume it will be appointed., I ask. that the resolu- 
estate, with the that it .pasg. I 
trust that the bill will be put on its passage. 
It passed both Houses at the last session, but 
was not received by the President in time to be 
approved. 
Rhe motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No. 
518) for the relief of William A. Linn's estate 
was read the second time, and considered as in 
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct 
the Secretary of the Treasury to satisfy a judg- 
ment rendered by the circuit court in and for the 
county of St. Louis, State of Missouri, at its 
October term of the year 1857, in favor of Thomas 
C. Reynolds and against the late William A. 
Linn, for services in defending him in a suit 
brought against him by William H. Belcher and 
Charles Belcher, on account of acts done by Linn 
as an officer of the United States; and also to pay 
Reynolds a like additional sum in satisfaction of 
his demand in another suit brought by him in the 
St. Louis court of common pleas in and for the 
county of St. Louis, against Linn, and now pend- 
ing against Linn's administrator, for other like 
service in defendincr Linn. 
The bill was reported to (he Senato -svithout. 
amendmm.lt., ordered to be engrossed for a third 
reading, read the third time, and passed. 
ELIZA B. MILLS. 
Mr. CAMERON. • 1 ask the Senate to 
up the bill (S. No. 490) for the relief of Eliza B. 
Mills, widow of Robert Mills. 1 hope the Senate 
will indulge me by putting the bill on its passage. 
The motion was agreed to; and thc bill was read 
the second time, and considered as in Committee of 
It directs that there be paid to Eliza 
the Whole. 
B. Mills, widow of Robert Mills, the sum of $500, 
in payment for hi_s services as architect ill prepar- 
ino• and furnishing plansand estimates fora marine 
hospital -at New Orleans, and a public printino 
oßice in the city of i'Vashington, 
IS.1r. FESSENDEN. i should to hear the 
report in that. case, if there is any. 
Mr. CAMERON. There was a unanimous re- 
port madc by the Committee on Public Buildings. 
'The services performed a Iono• while ago. 
T herc is no doubt about the case. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in- 
formed that there is no report from the committcc, 
but there is a meniorial of the petitioner and a 
letter to the Secretary of tho Troasury. 
Mr. CAMERON. The Chair will pcrmit, 
to inform hint tho.t the covnmittee reported unani- 
mousiy in favor of it. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. is no written 
report. 
II Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us hear the letter of 
the Secretary of the r i'reasury read. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. to the 
Secretary of lhc 'Ih•easurv. 
The Secretary read the following lc{tcr: 
tion lic on the table, and be pril'lted, with view, I 
VVhSHINGTON CITY, June 15, 1852. 
at the proper iim% to refer it to that committee. 
The undersigned respectfuily present a claim 
The motion was agreed to. 
which he has on your Department för prqfessional serviccs 
I introduce I rendered, in forming designs, detail, drawings, specifica- 
Mr. JOHNSON, of 
the followino• resolution, with a vzew of referring tions, estimates, and drawing up and having executed eon- 
tracts Ibr a certain marine hospital thr the cit.y of New Or- 
it at the proper time: 
teun,s, which he has never rcccivcd any compensation. 
I papers aeecnnpauyiug this Ictter v.'ill show the char- 
Resoloed„ •r hat the seJe.et conunittee of thirteen be in 
acter ot• the the undersigned had with your 
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing, hy 
constitutiena-l -provision: i. A line running through the Department; and as justice Iras not. been Ineted to him by 
your predecessor. the undersigned would respectfully ap- 
territory of the United States, not included within Ehe 
I peal to you, sir, to examine this claim, and to judge upon 
States, making an equitable and just division of said terri- 
tory, sonf.h of which line slavery shall be recognized and 
its equity. 
'l'he ndörsigncd acted h.vith faith when hc accepted 
protected as property, by ample and full constitutional 
the incitation by the Deparunent to prepare pians for this 
guarantees, and north of 4,vhieh iine iL shall be prohibited. 
2. The repeal of all acts of Congress in regard to the res- I 
acceptance of these plans by a commissioner 
building. 
toration of fugitives from labor, and an explicit declaration appointed to examine the same, whicn was approved by 
the Department, and the consummation of the contract on 
in the Constitution, that it is the duty of etch State, {Or 
the part. of' the undersigned, also approved by the Depart- 
itselfto return fugitive slaves when demanded by the proper 
ment, was the fiilfiNment of the duties required of the un- 
authority, or pay donbkc their cash value out of the treas- 
dcrsizned, and which entitled him to be compensated tor 
ury of the State. 3. An amendment of' the Constitution. 
the laborious professional services rendered in this business. 
declaring that slavery shall exist in navy-yards, arsenals, 
'I'hc undersigned respectfully ask of the honorable 
&c., or not, as ii may be amnitted or prohibited by the 
States in •which such navy-yards, arsenals, &c•' may be Secretary ef the ' I'reasury to be allowed such compen- 
situated. 4. Congress shall never interfere with slavery I sation as service rendered is cntitlcd to, wbicki the 
in the District of Columbia, so long as it shall exist in the 
has valued at $500. * 
ROBERT Mll,r.s, 
State of Maryland, nor even then, without the consent of 
Respectfully subrnitred, 
Engineer and architect. 
the inhabitants and compensation to the owners. 5. Con- 
oress shali not touch the representation of three fifths of 
lion. CORWIN, 
the nor the inter-State trade, coastwise or inland. 
Secretary of thc "Beasutw, United, States. 
G. These provisions to be unamendable, like that which t 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood there was a 
relates to the (Auality of the States in the Senate. 
letter of the Sccrctarv of the Treasury, which i 
I move that the resolution lie on the table for 
called for. That seems to be a letter of the 
the prcsent, and be printed, 
was agreed to. 
WILLIAM A. LINN. 
petitioner. 
The vlCE PRESIDENT. There is no letter 
from the Secretary of the Treasury. There is a 
Mr. PUGII. I am instructed by the Commit- 
* The regular charge by the profession in business of this 
tee on the Judiciary to report back Senate bill i ; 
kind is at the rate of two and a half per cent. on the esti- 
No. 518, for the relief of William A. Linn's Inates, which amount to $1,500. 
letter to the Secretary. There is also a memorial. 
These are the only papers connected'with th6 
Mr. CAMERON. The chairman of'the dom- 
mittee. on Public Buildings is' not here. He*cöuld 
explain the. whole matter. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. that bill will be 
laid aside, unless we can have some explanation. 
There Seems to be no evidence whatever, and 
statement of any committee about it. It is 
ifestly improper to pass it under such circi.uh•- 
stances. 
Mr. CAMERON. Let lie until the 
chairman is present. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be laidover, 
if there is no objection. 
CLAIMS AGAINST MEXICO. 
Mr. IVERSON. As there seems to be no busi- 
ness before the Senate, Fmove that the Senate 
take up for consideration ther bili (S. No. 112) to 
carry out. thé provisions of the fifteenth section 
of the treaty between the United States and Mex- 
ico, concluded on the 2d day of February, 1848; 
The motion was agreed to. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theseqretarywill 
read the amendment pending to the bill, which was 
offered by the Senatorfrom Mail'ie, [Mr. HAMLIN.] 
The Secretary read the amendment, which: is, 
in lincs two and three of section two, to strike 
out. thc words, and a on the part of the 
so that it will read: 
United States, both;" 
'Phat the said board shall have a secretary versed in the 
English and Spanish languages, Ec. 
'Mr. HAMLIN. 1 recollect very distinctly the 
subject-matter when it was up at the last session. 
It seemed to mc unneccssary to have an additional 
It did not conförm to the usual practice 
oflicer. 
Ofco mm issioncrs in such cases, where the amounts 
invotvcd were no greater than those involved ih 
this commission. The amount is very 'small; 
and one good officer, in my judgment, would be 
I think the amendment ought 
amply suåcient. 
to prevail. 
Mr. IVERSON. The amendment, fthink, is, 
that, instead of three commiésioncrS, there shall 
Is that tbc object of the amend- 
be only one. 
ment? Perhaps did not distinctly understand it. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment 
was agreed to. 
Mr. IVERSON. Then what amendment is 
now pendil)ff? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will 
acyain read thc amendment. 
The Secretary again read the amendment. 
Mr. IVERSON. I do not feel any very great 
interest about the details of the bill; but in draw- 
ing it up, the Committee on Claims simply 
lowed the precedent by Congress in establishing 
boards of conunis•sions to adjudicate the original 
ciaims under tl-)is treaty. There Were three com- 
missioners. They had always a solicitor on the 
part of the Government, to see that thc Govern- 
ment was not imposed upon by claimants, and 
this money taken out of the Treasury by falée 
claims. I would suggest to the Senator from 
Maine, whether it-would not be better to•let theiée 
be a solicitor for this board. His pay will not 
come out of thc Treasury; it will be no expense 
It comes out of this fund, 
to the Government. 
which does not belong to the United States, but 
to the claimants, if they have any just claim. It 
will cost the Government nothing; and I think it 
will be a protection at Icast to other.claimants to 
have a solicitor and see justice done between 
them all. 
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, 1 repeat again, 
the history of the Government shows that we have 
not usually had solicitors in cases of the limited 
amount involved in this commission—very rarely. 
Now, sir, it is the duty of the commissioner to 
do precisely what the Senator from Georgiwsays 
—to see ti'lat improper claims are not presented; 
or allowed, if presented. It is his duty. Ho 
should be a lawycr; he ehould be a compe- 
Rnd if he is a competent man, you 
tent man. 
only want this solicitor for the sole purpose Of 
making a place for some particular person.' It 
is as useless as the fifth wheel to a coach. The 
commissioner is entitled to a secretary to a-idhirn 
in writing out his opinions and in preparing the 
papers; but the very duties that devolve 'On the 
chief officer are those of seeing !hat improper 
claims arc not allowed, and that thpse that are 
allowed are allowed on legal and equitable prin- 
