84 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
13, 
diplts-. The. amount is small, and I would not 
fritter it away by creating places for particular 
individuals. 'l'bat is all there is of it. 
Mt. BRAGG. Mr: President, 1 hope the 
amendment will not prevail. The subject was 
before the Committee on Claims that reported 
this bill, of which I am a member. 
It was dis- 
cussed at the list - session.' The Senator from 
Maine says there is no necessity for this off- 
I think the action of the board on these 
cer. 
very claims before, when there were three com- 
missioners, instead of one as now proposed by 
this bill, Bhows the necessity of such an offccr. 
Large {nd extensive frauds were committed on 
the Government, notwithstanding the vigilance of 
your commissioners. •Whether the Government 
has been in the habit of having solicitors all 
previous times, or not, I say experience shows 
that such an officer is necessary to prevent frauds. 
They were committed befbre, and, in my humble 
judgment, they will be committed again, without 
It is impos- 
the assistance of some such ofiiccr. 
Sible for one commissioner or a nurnber of com- 
missioners to investwate these claims. A priona 
facie case is made out in relatiDn to a clain-), and, 
for aught the commissioner can sec, it is all right 
and proper, as was the case when tbc Gardiner 
fraud was committed. Frauds Ilia y be committed 
ao•ain, perhaps even with this aid to the commis- 
sioner. - This be an additional safeguard to 
the Government and to honest claimants. I Iliopo, 
thei•efore, that the amendment will not prevail. 
T.he salary of the offceu• will bc but a small por- 
tion of the fund. 
The amendment was not agreed to; there being, 
on a division—ayes 20, noes 23. 
Mr. MASON. This is n bill in to the 
Florida cluitns, I understand. 
Mr. IVERSON. Oh, no. 1 will explain to 
the Senator and the Senate, in a few words, thc 
object of this bill. By the treaty bet weerl the 
United States and Mexico, mnoant was 
set apart to pay clailns of .Auncric.an citizens 
against the Government of Mexico. T herc is a 
portion ot' that fund in the rrreasury not 
haustcd. There are solue claitnants that either 
did not present their claims at the time thc cam- 
missi011ers were formerly in session, or werc pre- 
vented by some cause; and the object of this bill 
is to allow them to' go before a conunission with 
theil• claims, and if they can establish their claims, 
to take the balance of the• money in the Treasury. 
Mr. MASON. I desirc to know from thc Sen. 
ator whether the bill specifies any particular class 
of claims, or leaves it open to all claimants ? 
Mr. IVERSON. Secretary will that 
portion of the bill. 
Mr. HALE, and others. Read bill. 
The Secretary read thc bill, as follows: 
A bilk to further carry out the provisions of the fiftc•cnth 
scctiotl of the treaty between the United States and Mex- 
ico, conclude(l on the 2d day ot• February, 1848. 
W hercas thet•c reznains unexpcn(led in tiiC '.rreasury or 
the United States the sum of 10 '29 of the 
fund get 
apart by said treaty the payneut. of c! ailns ot• Atnee•ican 
cit.izens against Governtnent of Mexico: a nd whereas 
several clailns in vor ot• Anjerican citizens axainst Mex. 
ico, alleged to be ill existence prior to the date of said 
treaty, bave hcen presented to Congress, and payment 
unexpended balance or said 
thereofl clailncd out of said 
fund, which said claims were not adjudicated by the board 
of connnissioners appointed under the aet of the 3kl of 
Mateb,A849: 
Bc it enacted, ec., That the Presmcnt of the United States, 
by and with -the advice and consent or the Senate, shall 
appoint one person, •who constitute a board. to meet 
at the city of Washington nt. some early day, to be desig- 
nated by the President, whose duty it shall be to receive 
and exal)linc all ciailng of citizens of the United States 
upon the Republic of Mexico, or who were citizens at the 
date of said treaty, and which are provided ror by the treaty 
between -said Governments "t' the United States and Mex- 
ico, concluded on thc 2d day of February, 164B, and which 
tnay be prcsentcd to the said board, and which were either 
not presented to the board of conunissioners appointed un- 
der the act of the 3d of March, 1849, or werc not adjudicated 
on their :nerits by the same, and to decide thereon, accord- 
ing to the provisions of ihe said treaty, and of the first and 
fiffh til't_icles of the unratified convention concl uded at the 
city of Mexico on the '20th day of Novelnber, 1843. 
Sec, 2. and be it further enacted, That the said board 
shall have a secrctary and a solieiLor on the part the Uni- 
ted States, both versed in the English and Spanish Ian- 
guages, to be appointed bv the President, by and ß'ith the 
advice and consent of thé Senate; find the Gaid board is 
hereby authorizcd to make all needful rulcs and regulations, 
not contrary to the laws of the United Statos or the provis- 
shall be delivered to the said board; and when the eaid II be good enough to tell me when Mexico paid any 
commission shall be concluded, the journal of its proceed. • 
money into our Treasury? That is a new fact 
ings, together Witb all the records, documents, and papers 
I never heard it before. 
to me. 
which sliail havo come into its possession relating to the 
business of said board, shall be deposited the ofiice of Mr. IVERSON. By the treaty between the 
the Secretary of State; and the period of six months from United States and Mexico there was a certain 
and after the, organization of said board is hereby desig- 
nated, within which said commissioner may, at the instance 
of any ciaiinant or clannants, apply througb the Secretary 
of State of the United States to the Mexican Minister of 
Foreign Affdirs, for all such books, records, or documents 
in ti;e possession power of the Govenuneut of the Mexi- 
can Republie, as. be deemed necessary to the just 
decision of' any claim or claims submitted to said hoard in 
conformity with the provisions of said treaty. 
SEC. 4. ..and hc itjurther enacted, That the. Secretary of 
State is required, as soon as the President shall have desig- 
nated the day Ibr the meeting of the said board, to give 
public notice thereof, and to cause said notice to be. pub- 
lished in such newspapers as are authorized to publish the 
law•g of the United Stat.cg. 
SEC. 5. sand be it. _furtlter enacted, That the cotnpe.nsatif)n 
of the respective officers för whose appointment provision 
is Inade by this act, shall be as fOIlows, rjalnely to the 
commissioner at the rate of $3,000 per annulli ; to the sce- 
retary of the board at the rate of $2,000 per annuni ; and to 
the solicitor at the. rate ot- $3,000 pcr annunl. And the 
President ot- the United States shall be, and he is hereby, 
authorized to make such provision for the contingent ex- 
penses ot•eaid connnission as to hill' shall appear reasonable 
and propcr. And thc said salaries and expenses shall be 
paid out. of said unexpended balance of said fund. 
SEC. 6. and be it further endued, 'l'hat the said coin- 
missioner shall report to the Sccretary of Statc a list ot• all 
the several awards Inade by him ; a certified copy thereot' 
shall bc by him transmitted to the Secretary of the, Treas- 
I ury, who shall thereupon distribute, in ratable proportions, 
among the persons in whose favor the awards shall have 
been made, the amount of said unexpended balance of said 
fund, or such part thereof as shall not be consumed by tbe 
salaries and expenses ot• the commission provided tor by 
this act, according to the proportions which their respect, 
ive awards shall bear to the unexpended balance o? said 
fund, or such part thereof as shalt not be consumed by the 
salaries and expenses of the commission provided by 
this act, first deducting such sums of money as nnay be due i 
amount of. money which the Government of the 
United States agreed to pay to Mexico. They 
agreed to set apart a portion of it, $3,250,000, to 
pay the claims that citizens of the United Slates 
bad against the Republic of Mexico. Of course, 
it was a part of the consideration that the United 
States gave for the treaty, and the territory that 
we purchased from Mexico by that treaty. It is, 
therefore, a part of the fund of Mexico which the 
United States agreed to pay her, but which the 
United States was to retain and pay over in a cer- 
tain way, in order to extinguish the debts which 
the people of the United States had against the 
Republic of Mexico. It is, therefore, the money 
of Mexico, not of the United States. 
Mr. HALE. It was the money of Mexico if 
they had established their claim in the way that 
the law and the treaty pointed out; but the law 
and the treaty have been fully performed, and 
their obligations carried out in. letter and in sprit. 
Everything that we aoreed to do, everything that 
the law required us to do, has been done. Every- 
body that had a claiiu has been invited to conne, 
and has come, good and bad, and all have been 
1 
allowed together—not all, but many of them. 
believe the Gardiner claim •was one that was al- 
lowed under this treaty. There is no obligation 
now existing under the treaty or undcr the law to 
pay this rnoney. The reason that propose to 
postpone it is on the satne policy that governs the 
Administration in refusing to build custom-I-louses 
and some ot,her public buildings. The Senator 
the United States ll•onx said persons in whose t%avor said 
awards shall be nnade; and the said Secretary shall there- I i from New York [Mr. KING] will recollect that 
upon cause certificates of stock of thc United States to be Congress appropriated money to do certain things, 
issued to the said parties, respectively, or their legai rep- 
re.öentatives, for the tunount to which they niay bc entitled, 
wh stock shall bear an interest of six per centum per 
annum until paid, and redeemable nt any time at the pleas- 
uve of the United States, or pay the same in Inoney, at the 
option ot- United States. 
stc. 7. .fhtd 
it j•urth.cr cnactcd.. That thc said board 
shall tcrtninatc its business within onc year froin the day 
ot' orøaniza tion 
Mr. HALE. I move to add, as an additional 
section, to the bill, 
that it shall not take etYect. 
until after the public debt is pai(.l ; 
and I desire to 
explain the object of' that atnendmcnt. 
-w c ha ve once made provision lör these clainn- 
ants. We instituted a comrnission; the com mis- 
but, owing to the state of the Trcusury, the Ad- 
ministration declined to do them, because the 
Treasury was not full enough. That is the ground 
on which I wish to put this; but do not desire 
to occup any of the time of the Senate about it. 
Mr. SEIDELL. Mr. President, the Senator 
from Georgia, who reported this bill, could not 
i I have bccn farniliar with the facts and the stipula- 
! i tions of the treaty with Mexico, or else he has for- 
gotten then-u. By that treaty, we atrre.ed to pay 
Sion sat; and everybody that had a just claitn i 
came, and some that had unjust clainus came, as i 
wo know by thc judicial records of this District; 
and cvcry dollar that could be established beforc 
that commission has been paid out of tbc 'Ih•cas- 
ury. . There is an unexpended balance left, and, 
nominally, this is to reach that. Now, sir, I 
think, when ',ve have paid every dollar that could 
bc established before this commission, that we 
ought not to borrow money (for this money has 
got to be borrowed) to pay morc, and invite other 
creditors to corne in after such an opportu nit y as 
they have had. After the public debt is paid, 
and we have Inoney that we have not to go out 
to borrow, it will be time enouzh to invite claim- 
ants to con'le in and make claims on the 'I'veasury 
for this moncv. 
The PRESiD[NG OFFICER, (Mr. in i 
thc chair.) The question is on the amendrnent 
offered by the Senator prom New Hampshire, to 
insert, as an additional section, the following: 
and be it further enacted, 'I'hat this act shall not. take 
effect until the public debt ot• the Cnited States shall have 
been paid. 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 have only to say, in 
ence to that zunendment, that it seems to mc to 
be a very extraordintu•y proposition. 
are any claimants that. are entitled in justice and 
equity to this l)loncy, it would be very hard in- 
$15,000,000 to the Republic of Mexico in consid- 
cration of certain cessions of territory. Every 
dollar of that amount has been paid. Another 
provision of that treaty was that, to the extent of 
$3,250,000, the United States should undertake to 
compensate their citizens for all just claims they 
might have on the Government of Mexico, and 
at the same time release Mexico from all furthcr 
obligation on account of these claims. This money 
is not now a fund standing in the Treasury to the 
credit of these claimants. 
It is a distinct, abs()- 
lute, new appropriation of this amount. Arlicle 
clevcn of the treaty with Mexico, declared that, 
In consideration o?thc extension acquired by the bound- 
aries of' the United States, as defined in the filth artiele of 
the present treaty, the Government of the United States 
engages to pay to that of thc Mexican Republic the suin of 
The article then goes on to define the mode in 
which it should be paid: at a certain 
time, and subsequently in stock. All that rnoney 
has been paid. Now we. come to the article of 
the treaty under which the Senator from Georgia 
a•ssumes the fact, and that fact is assumed in the 
bill—the bill is based on a false hypothesis, and 
declarcs a fund to exist that has no existence. 
The moncy is now in the of the United 
States; it belongs to thc Unitcd States. Mexico 
has no claim upon it whatever. The fifteenth 
atticlc of the treaty is in those X.vords: 
deed to postpono 
them until the public debt. is I } 
paid, bcc,anae this n')oney docs not belong to thc 
United States. 
It comes. out of the Government 
of Mexico. It is money in the Treasury, paid i, 
by the Government of Mexico into our Treasury 
for the benefit of these claimants. Will the Gov- 
crnment of the United States withhold froin any i 
just claimant the amount of his claim until it has 
The United States, exonerating Mexico from a}! de- 
mauds on accou nt of the claims of their citizens mentioned 
in the preceding article, and considering them entirely and 
iörcvcr canceled, M'hatever their amount may be, under- 
takc tounake satisfaction the xnne, to an amount 11Dt 
exceeding 'l'o ascertain the validity and amount 
of these clairns•. a hoard of connnissioners shall be estab- 
, iished by the Government of the United States, whose 
awards shall be final and conclusive: Providcd., ']'hat in de- 
ciding upon thc validity of' each claitn, the board shall be 
guided and governed by the principles and rules of decision 
prescribed by the first and fifth articles ot• the unratified 
convention, concluded at the City of Mexico on the 20th 
ions of said treaties, for carrying their eaid commission into paid all the other public creditors? That seelns day of Novcmhor, 1813; and in no case shall an award be 
to me a very hard proceedin•v, 
full effect. 
I hope the SCD- made in ihvor ofany claim not embraced by these principles 
SEC. 3. .Hndbc it further enacted, That all record% doc- ate will not sanction that, but will vote the amend- 
and rules." 
uments, and papers, which now are. unti* the h 
close of said commission, may cotne into the possession ment down. 
II Now, if I recollect aright the provisions of this 
Mr. HALF.. Will from Georgia bill 
• —I did not hear it very distinctly as read by 
tho Department of having relation to *a-id elairn*, 
