1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
85 
the Clerk—but my impression is that the bill not Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 863) to authorizc 
only contemplates constituting this board for the the issue of Treasury notes, and for other pur- 
purpose of receiving claims that never were pre- i poses, and had agreed to the second amendment 
sented to the old board, whose proceedings were I of the Senate to the bill, with an amendment; in 
which the concurrence of the Senate was re- 
to bc final and conclusive, but undertakes to rc- 
open claims that had been rejected, and to permit i quested. 
claimants to make further proofs and to present NIr. HUNTER. I hope that, by general con- 
sent, this bill will bc now considered. 
further at'&aments. The decision of that tribunal 
was final and conclusive by the terms of the treaty ! The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objec- 
tion be interposed, the Chair will consider it the 
itself. I will be obliged to the Clerk if he will 
read that section of the bill, or if he send it II sense of the Senate to consider thc bill at the pres- 
to me, I preför to read it myself. This is the ent time. The Chair hears no obiection, and the 
bill is before the Senate for consideration. 
clause to which I rcfcr. Claims 
The Secretary read the message from the House, 
Which were either not presented to the board or com- 
as follows: 
missioners appointed under tiuc aet of t.he 3d of March, 
1849, or were not adjudicated on their merits by the sunc, 
and to decide thcrcon, according to the provisions of the 
said treaty." 
Now, there is one claim—a claim for two hun- 
dred and thirty or two hund red and forty thousand 
dollars—which will come within the scope of this 
provision of the bill. A citizen of the United 
States, or one who had been a citizen of' the Uni- 
ted States, but who had resided a long while in 
Mexico, held offce under that Government, and 
had virtually forfeited all claim to be considered 
a citizen of the United States, was expclled from 
Mexico by thc Government that succecdcd Santa 
Anna, on thc ground of his having been in tho 
enemy's camp. He had been in Santa Anna's 
camp, and had participated in the wars of' the 
IN TRE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
December 13. 
Resolved, That this House concur in the first amend- 
tncnt of the Senate to the bilt of the House (No. 863) to 
authorize the issue of Treasury notes, and tor other pur- 
poses. 
Resolved, That this [louse concur in the second amend- 
ment of the Senate to the said bill, with the following 
amendrncnt: Strike out the following words, in line first, 
of said amend:nent, so nuany of;" and in lines two, three, 
and tour, of said amendment, 
as may mnount to a sunn 
not exceeding 
As amended by the House of Representatives, 
the fourth section wfll read as follows: 
SEC. 4. vand be it further enacted, That the Secretary of 
the Treasury is heréby authorized, with the approbatlon ot' 
the President, to cause such portion of said Treasury notes 
I as may be (tee.lncd expedient, to be issued by tbc Treas- 
urcr in payupent of warrmnts in favor of public creditors, 
country, He was considered a dangerous subject 
or ofller persons lawfully entitled to payunent, who may 
and the Gulf, do not single political 
community, but are divided into 'thirty't:h+ee 
separate, distinct political communities,- called 
States, shall allude now to the second ;section 
of the third article of the Constitution, which 
provides that the judicial •powef shall -extend to 
all controversies— 
Between State and citizens of another State ; between 
citizens of different States." 
Here is a distinct declaration that there are 
States, and cvcry lawyer knows that a bill iS 
subject to demurrer in any or the Federal courts 
which does not state distinctly that the parties 
litigant arc citizcns of different States. Thefirst 
section of the fourth article declares that— 
Fun faith and credit shall be given in each State to the 
public act*, -records, and judicial proceedings of every 
other State." 
The second section declares that— 
The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all piiv- 
ileges and immunities of citizens in the several States." 
Now, is there any State constitution in which 
there is a declaration that 'the citizens of each 
county shall be entitled to the privilege- and im- 
munities of citizens of the different counties? 
Could such phraseology bc used in •this COnsti, 
tution unless•there were different States, different 
political communities, different governments, dif- 
förent nations—composing what? The Consti- 
tution in its preamble declares what—the United 
I States. That is the form of government under 
which wc urc living; that is the form of govern- 
ment that was cstablished by the thirteen original 
States; that is the form of government between 
the thirty-three present States. . There is one 
! other clause—it is the second clause of the second 
section of the fourth article: 
by the then authorities of Mexico, and was exiled. 
He presented a claim for ovcr two hundred thou- 
sand dollars. The board examined the claim; but 
they did not consider, under the facts of the case, 
whatever may have l)een the damages hc had 
suffered from the act of IVIcxico, that he was enti- 
tled to. any indemnity under the treaty. 'They 
considercd that the Government of Mexico had 
acted not beyond the SCQPC of any powerin drivino• 
from its territories a person who was warri1V 
its institutions, and that person, besides, 
having forfeited all claim to the protection of the 
United States by having taken up artns against 
it. This is one of.the class of claimants who will 
choose to reeeive such notes in pa.\'lnent at. par; and the 
I Secretary of thc Treasury is hereby authorized, with the 
approbation of tbc President, to issue the notes hereby 
authorized 10 be, issued, at such rate of interest ag may be 
offered by the lowest responsible bidder or bidders, who 
ynay aøree to takc the said notes at par, after public adver- 
tis{.nncnt of not less than ten days in such papers as the 
A person charged in any State with treason, felony, Or 
President. may direct; the said advertisement to propose to 
issue such notes at par to those who inay' to take the Other cri:ne, who shall flee fron: justice, and be found fn 
saine at the lowest rate or interest; but in deciding upon 
those bids. no fraction shall be considered which be of the State from which he fled, be delivered up, to be re- 
moved to the State having jurisdiction of the crltne." 
less than one fourth per centum per annulli. 
Now, here is, in this Federal compact, a deela„ 
Mr. HUNTER. The that amendment 
i ration that treason may be committed against„a 
will be to extend. the provision in regard t.o the 
I ask every lawyer who has a seat in this 
I State. 
$3,000,000 to the whole sum, and I hope the Scn- 
Chamber whether treason is a crime that can be 
I find that it is necessary 
ate will concur in it. 
committed 'except against sovereignty? If then, 
Mr. COL,LAMER. 1 ask the gentleman if II 
it should bc extended, in order that we may be i 
thcse States are sovcrcign, if they are political 
able to meet all our obligations in specie: J move i 
that the Senate concur in the amendment of the communities, iftreason may be committed against 
that sarne claim has not been beföre Congress ? 
Mr. SLIDELL. It bccn; and it has been 
House of Representat.ives. 
It has been bandied 
before the Court of Clairns. 
The n')0tion ',vas agreed to. 
about from Congress to the Court of Claivns, and 
it is now sought to bc providcd for by tllis i.)ill. 
has been rnade, and which the treaty has declared II 
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY. 
them, there is an end of the argument. But I may 
be answered that treason may also be commilted 
I am fully aware of 
against the United States. 
tfiat. T consists in levying war against 
when the Senate adjourn to-day, it be to meet on 
I now lenpw my that Ssttaatteess;, abt?nænae 
to be final and conclusive, on the ground that the Monday next. 
case has not been decided upon its merits, but 
was decided on the question of law. 
Now, Senators must not be deluded by the idea 
that this is n question whether our own citizens 
shall receive two hundrcd and thirty or two hun- 
dred and forty thousand dollars, or whether it shall 
be returned to Mexico; but '.vhethcr this money, 
which is now in the Treasury, upon which there 
is no claim, morally or legally, shall be distrib- 
uted as this proposed commission may think 
proper. 
Mr. HALE and others rose. 
The PRESkDING OFFICER. The Chair is 
about to remind the Senate that the hour of one 
o'clock having arrived, the unfinished busincsg o? 
yesterday upon which the Scnatcadjourned comes 
up, and that is now the business before the Son- 
ate—the resolution of the Senator from Kentucky, 
[Mr. POWELL.] 
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY. 
The motion was agreed to. 
WEST POINT COMMISSION . 
M r. DAVIS. I ask permission, before. pro- 
cceding to the consideration of the order of the 
day, to make a report from the joint commission 
instituted by Congress at its last session to in- 
quire into the affairs of the Military Academy. 
The commission have performed their labor, and 
submit their report, with an accompanying rec- 
ord, which I ask may be printed for the use of 
If it be the pleasure of the Senate to 
the Senate. 
have it referred to a committee, I shall also make 
though the commission itself being 
that motion; 
somewhat in t hc nature of a committee, I sup- 
United States, necessarily levies war against his 
own State, and is therefore guiltyof treason.' But 
while. that hypothesis is pcrföct!y consistent with 
the premise which I have laid down,- that the 
States are sovereicrn , the other is directly in con- 
flict with-it. Ifthei•nhnbitantsof the United Stalee 
be one political community; if they compose 
nation; if there are no States, bul alt the inhabit- 
I ant* together compose one State or nation„ then 
it is utterly impossiblc that treason can be com- 
mitted against any one ofthesegeographical divis- 
ions; as impossible as Illat treason can be com- 
mitted against acounty. I really do not know 
how to argue questions so plain. To my mind, 
they arc so conclusive that I need but to state 
them and feel that argument could not add to their 
I pose it may be considered by the Senate without 
I had intended to go somewhat at length into 
reference to any of its standing committees. If 
no one desires its reference, will move that the this question; but. I shall not weary the Senate 
It is important now that we shouJd 
il report and accornpanying papers bc printed for 
further. 
the use of the Senate; and I shall call it up fOr begin to understand our position and what we are. 
II 
early consideration. 
Mr. HALE. I simply rose to say that at this 
'I'hc rnotion to print was agreed to. 
time I wanted to make a which I hope 
STATE OF THE UNION. 
will receive the assent of gentlemen from cvcry 
section of the country. I think it advisable to 
make a motion to which all will agree rather than 
disagree; and that is, that when the Senatc ad- 
journs to-day, it be to meet on Monday next. 
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shali not agree to 
If we can pass thc Treasury note bill, 
that yet. 
I shall be willing; but if not, it will be Fiecessary 
to sit to-morrow in order to finish it. 
Mr. HALE. Well, ! withdraw the motion for try, and report by bill or otherwise. 
the present. 
TREASURY NOTE BILL. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Cierlc, announced that the 
House had agreed to the first tunendn•ucnt of the 
It is known to every Senator upon this 
floor that one of the States of this Union will, 
before this day next week, ceasc to bc one of thc 
IJnitcd St.a.tcs. She will pass a solemn ordinance 
T hc Senate resumed the of thc this day week. 
I see the Senator from 
i follovcin«r resolution, as by MI'. POWELL' New York fiM:•. KING) smiles. Probably on the 
other Sidc of your face you *Will laugh before this 
on the 10th instant: 
Resolucd, That. so '*luch of the President's Inessage as is tern)ihated. fLaughter.] Laugh on: 
relates to the present agitated and distracted condition of 
laugtl on. Before this day next week, I hazard 
II 
the. country, and the grievances betwce•li the slavehotdin" 
the assertion that South Carolina, in convention 
and non-siaveholding States, be rcfcrred to a speciai eon)- 
nnttee of thirteen Inembers; and that said cornn"ittee be assembled, will have revoked the ratification of 
. the treaty which makes her one of these United 
instructed to inquire into the presentcondition ot• the enun- 
States. HavillE revoked t.hat ratification, she will 
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, as a further adopt an amendment to her constitution- by which 
reason for supposing that, by the Constitution ot' shc will have vested in the government ot• South 
the United States itself, the. fact is established that i Carolina all those powers which she9 Conjointly 
the inhabitants Who reside upon that territory with the other States, had previously exercised 
through this foreign dopartmem., and in the gov 
! between tbc two oceans, and betweæn•l the lakes 
