1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
87 
those laws passed for the purpose of defeating the 
execution of that treaty has sworn before God that 
he will obey this Constitution; and that in open 
violation of his oath hc has passed a law punishing 
with fine and imprisonment any man who shall 
observe his oath. Is this not true? You do..ve not 
deny it. And when States confederated with your 
States complain of this perfidy and perjury, they 
afe told that if they do not silently and patiently 
" with bated breath and whispering humbleness" 
submit, your eighteen million froe white men will 
come down there and reduce them to the condi- 
tion of conquered provinces; that their own army 
and their own navy and their own treasury shali 
be used for t.heir subjugation. 
When some of these, States that are not robbed 
choose not to submit longer to be confederated 
with States that are faithless, they are answered 
by saying, " Why do not you wait till the States 
that are robbed shall resist?" Why, sir, if and 
a friend happen to be passing along Pennsylvania 
avenue, and both arc slapped in the face, and in 
addition to the indignity, the purse of my friend 
is also taken from him, does his submission de- 
volve upon me any duty also to submit? Because 
robbery has not been added to insultand perjury 
and perfidy, South Carolina and Georgia and 
Florida and Alabama and Mississippiand Texas 
and Arkansas arc not to complain ! 
This sort of {ogic we do not understand that 
section of the country. Our misapprehension, 
doubtless, is the result of the burbarism of sla- 
In that country there are men who, even 
very.' 
in this utilitarian age, are not dead to all senti- 
lost either patriotism or the sense of personal or 
national honor. They, I trust, will bring to the 
altar of the Constitution their feelings of aliena- 
tion, and, sacrificing them, stand by the Consti- 
tution. It' sve cannot save this Union as it was 
originally formed by these States, let it be dis- 
solved rather than sec a military despotism erected 
upon its ruins. There is now an effort making 
to crect such a despotism. The edifice is not yet 
completed. South Carolina, thank God! has laid 
her hand upon one of the pillars, and she will 
shake it until it totters first, and then topples. 
She will destroy that edifice, though she perish 
amid the ruins. 
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, if there is no dis- 
position to adjourn, or to take up any other busi- 
ness at this time, I propose to make some remarks 
upon this subject, because I believe 
I'vlr. DOOL'iTTLE. If the Senator from 
will give way, I will move that the Senate do now 
adjourn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the sen- 
ator from Ohio yield the floor? 
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; 1 yield the flom•. 
is of no consequencc to me whether the Senate 
adjourn or not. 
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Scnate will not 
adjourn. I very much desire to have a vote to- 
day upon the resolution under consideration. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That win not be possible. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the motion to adjourn, which is not a de- i 
batabie question. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 ask the yeas and nays. 
who defend with the hazard of The PREStDING OFFICER. The call for 
and with their blood their personal honor; and li the and nays is not seconded, a sufficient 
will be as ready to defend the honoroftkeirStates II number of Senators not having arisen. The ques- 
as they are their individual respectability. It is 
tion is on the motion to adjourn. 
the declaration of divine justice that he who sheds motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
man's blood shall have his blood shed by man 
; adjourned. 
and I sav that he who taints the blood knorc kills 
than he who sheds it. That proud State that I 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
am speaking of—and I speak of her because she 
THURSDAY, December 13, 1860. 
has no representative upon this floor, and because 
she •is about to act, and because thoro has bccn The I-louse mct at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer I 
an effort to isolate her from her sisters—has not by the Chaplain, Rcv. THOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
heretofore, and will not hereafter, show any in- 
sensibility to that which touches hcr honor. Her 
TREASURER'S ACCOUNTS. 
citizens arc few; they may be conquered; there 
I The SPEAKER laid before the I-louse a com- 
may be none left to tell the story of their disaster. 
munication from the Treasury Departincnt, trans- 
It does not follov,j, Senators, that because a peo- 
ple arc weak, they are coincr to submit to tyr- mitting copies of the Treasurer's accounts with 
the United States for the third and fourth quar- 
anny. 
Hist.ory tells us of the king of Lacedæmon and ters of the year 1859 and first and second quar- 
prosperity, and that very liberty which we so bighJy piize::; 
that we have -se'én nothing;in the past, nor do -we- 
thing in the present', either in the election, of 'Abraham. 
Lincoln -to the Presidency Of tbc United 
any other existing Cause, to jus,tity-its -dissolution: ; that Sve 
regard its perpetuity as of nioÉe value than tbO temporary 
triumph of any party or any man ; that Whatever évilS •or 
abuses exist under it ought to bc correcte& witbin' the 
Union, in a peaceful and constitutional way; that we bc- 
lieve it has suflicient power to redress every wrörig'<årnd 
enforce every right growing out of its organization or pers 
taining to its proper functions; and that it is} a -patriotiC 
duty to stand by: it as our hope in peace and 
war. 
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the 
introduction of the resolution ? 
Mr. CURRY. I object, unless it is proposed 
to refer it to the committee of thirty-,three. the 
object of the gentleman from Illinois i* to have it 
considered now, I object. 
I would -to the 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
gentleman from Alabama, that I. have not the 
slightest idea in the world of cver letting-this res- 
olution be buried in the coffn qf;th? qo.mmitteo of 
thirty-three. 
Mr. CURRY. Then 1 object to its introduc- 
lion. 
I want to geta vote 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
on my resolution; and I shall ask a vote ön it 
every day till I get it; and I think that, with the 
help of God, I shall succeed yet. 
LAND GRANT TO KANSAS, 
The SPEAKER stated the business first in or- 
der to be the bill (H. R. No." 700) reported from the 
Committee on Public Lands, granting alternate 
sections of public lands to aid in the cons_truction 
of certain railroads in the Territory or future State 
of Kansas. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on Public Lands. 
Mr. VANDEVER. The from 
nois has not the floor to make such a mQtion. 
Tho- SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa 
[Mt•. VANDEVER] is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. VANDEVER. have yery little to say 
in regard to the measure now proposed •to the- 
House, other than that it is a bill proposing to 
grant alternate sections of public lands for seven 
miles in width, to aid in the construction of a cer- 
tain line of road from the mouth of the Kansas 
river, through the Territory of Kansas, to the 
wcstcrn limits o? that Territory. This bill is dif- 
ferent from railroad grants that have been hcre-• 
toforo made, in this: it allows no float outside of 
It makes a grant of alter- 
the line of the road. 
nate sections for seven miles in width, without 
any right to float outside of the limits of seven 
his threc hundred who died at 'Thermopylæ. ters of' the year 1860, as adjusted by the account- 
ing ofliccrs of the. rl'reasury; which was laid ou miles. Another peculiarity of this measure con- 
'llhere was an oath in Sparta. as there is an oath 
t.he table, and ordered to bc printed. 
in South Carolina. The people of South Carolina 
have sworn to maintain the. independence and the 
PERPETUITY OF 'NIE UNION. 
freedom of their State. It is the law of that State. 
l\lr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker— 
When Lconidas and his gallant three hundred 
Mr. VANDEVICR. 1 was entitled to the floor 
fell, history tells us—I know' not whether the in- 
when the House adjourncd yesterday. I have no 
scription is still to be seen—that upon Itie stone 
which covercd that gallant dead were inscribed objections however, to yield to the gentleman from 
these words, " Stranger, tell the Lacedaemonians Illinois• 
have the floor I 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
that w c lie here in obedience to their laws.' 
now. I should be verv happy to yield to the 
In y own State there is an inscription not less 
I gentleman from Iowa ai any other time; birt not 
touching. Upon the blood-stained stones of the 
just now. 
Alamo there is now to be seen written these words: 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 understood that 1 had 
" Thermopylæ had her messentyers of death; the 
the floor at the conclusion of the session of yes- 
Alamo had none." Those who have no senti- 
I terday. 
ment; those who laugh at it; those who regard a 
SPEAKER. *Will the gentleman from 
sense of honor as one of the relics of barbarism 
Illinois state the purpose for which he rises? 
and the incident of the institution of slavery, I 
I Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I rise for the pur- 
know do not understand, or or ap- 
preciate the feelings which influence the people of I pose Of asking the unanimous consent of the 
House to introducc a resolution. 
the slaveholding States. 
terday, Mr. Speaker, that if there was no objec- 
Thank God, there are also in the other section i} 
a gallant few—that old, glorious Constitution- 
I The SPEAKER. Illinois 
loving Democratic party, from some of whom 
Is there any 
asks leave to introduce a resolution. 
we have, upon issues which wc regarded mate- 
that obiection? 
I trust in God, sir, 
rial, differed of late. 
Mr. CURRY. Let it be for information. 
the hatchet will be buried between us in this 
The resolution was read, as follows: 
areat struggle that is comina• on for constitutional 
Resol,eed hy the House Q/ Representatiecs, Tl_'bat we prop- 
sists in the fact that the grant is made tc the Ter- 
ritory or future State, but gives the territorial gov- 
crnmcnt authority only to locate the line of the 
road. The disposition of the lands is reserved 
for the action of the State government when the 
State shall be formed. Under the territorial form 
of government the road can only be located and 
thc lands selected and reserved. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I feel no particular interest 
in this measure above any other similar measüreS 
that may be propoSed for the action Of the House. 
This bill simply proposes to carry out what seems 
to have been the general policy of the Government 
in aiding the construction of works of this kind in 
the new States by •liberal donations or gppropria• 
tions of land. This bill is simply carrying out that 
general policy. I have nothing to say in regard 
It has been fully dis- 
to that policy at this time. 
cussed, and IS, no doubt, thorough}y understood 
it is desirable, 
by all members on this floor. 
think, that land grants should be made to carry 
forward that great systern of roads already com- 
plete and in operation to the banks of the Missis- 
sippi, and which are now in process of construc- 
tion across the State of Iowa and across the State 
of Missouri to the banks of the Missouri river. 
The ultimate object of all these roads is to reach 
the Pacific ocean; and I bccy leave to suggest, as 
liberty under the question as to whether one t 
of the sovereign Slates of this Union shall be erly estonat.e the inimense value of our national Union to I 
our collective and individual happiness; that we, cherish one reason Why this bill should receive the favor- 
remember how gallantly our a cordial, habitual, and immovable attaelnnent to it; that able consideration of this House, that the neces- 
coerced or not. 
we will speak of it as of the palladium of our potiticäl sity of a Pacific railroad is now fölt by all men. 
flag, with the Constitution emblazoned upon it, 
safety and prosperity ; that. we will watch its preservation 1 conceive that this proposition affords a basis for 
was borne by V ALLANDIGHAM and 
with jealous anxiety; t.bat will discountenance what- 
the construction of that road, and it will uvoid one 
SON and LOGAN and Cox and MCCLERNAND and 
ever even a suspie.i011 that it can, in any event, I 
others of that old guard; and tl-lough last, not I be aban[loned. and indignalktlv frown upon tuc first dawn- Of the objections that havc been urged againgWthe 
least, my friend from Ohio, PüG11,] a patriot ing of every ait.empt to alienaie any portion of our country different plans heretofore presented to the 
together the various parts ; that we regard it as a main 
and a soldier. When his country called upon 
to appropriate any money from the Federal Treas- 
him he answered promptly to the call, and in the 
pillar in the edifiec of our real indepenaenee, the support 
ury. The road contemplated ig to start froni the 
pence abroad, out our 
bloody fields of Mexico showed that he had not of tranquillity at 
