88 
Missouri river, pointing out to the wilderness in 
the direction of Pike's Peak, the-design being to 
continue it on ultimately toWard the Pacific coast. 
It secures the location of the line, and the selec- I 
tion and reservation of the lands along the line to 
the present western limits of -the Territory of 
Kansas. This road will accomplish a very con- 
siderable portion of that important wofk, the Pa- 
cific railroad. 
Mr. CRAIG' of Missouri. Will the gentleman 
from Iowa allow mc to say a word? I have an 
amendment which •I wish to offer to the seventh 
section of the bill; and before the gentleman closes 
his temai•ks I would be glad to offer it, so that the 
gentleman ma if he desire, comment upon it. 
VAND%'VER. r am to yield 
to -the gentleman from Missouri that hc may offer 
his amendmcnt. 
Mr. JONES.. I desirc to inquirc whether this 
bill is in order ? 
It is a rcport from 
The SPEAKER. It is. 
the Committee on Public Lands, and is now reg- 
ularly before the Hoüse. It was reported yester- 
day, and is open for discussion and amendment. 
-Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
I have the consent 
of the gentleman from Iowa to offer my amend- 
ment now, so that he can comment upon it. 
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment 
already pending, offered by the gentleman from 
Indiana, [Mr. Dxvxs. 
Mr. CRAIG, of 
issouri. Well; mine can 
b6'än amendment to his amendment. 
Mr. CRAIG'S amendment was read, as follows: 
,and be it further enacted, That there be and is hereby 
granted t? ihe Territories and States of Kansas and Ne- 
braska alternate sections of' the public lands, to the same, 
extent, and in thc same manner, and on like limitations 
and restrictions in every respect, as are by the provisions of 
the act granted to the. said 'L'e.rrit.ot•y and State of Kansas 
to' aid 'n constructing a railroad il•orn Elwood, in Kansas, 
via Maryville, to Denver City. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
I will explain tho 
amendment when thc gentletnaD Iowa will 
allow me. 
Mr.VANDEVER. say, in 
to the amendunent olibrcd the gentlcnman f*rorn 
Missouri, that I have no personal objection 10 it. 
It is a mere question as to the starting point of 
one of thcse roads. There is n local controversy 
betiveen the different points along 
the western 
bank of the Missouri river as to what localities 
Åhe.ll be -made Vthe initial points. 
It is a inatter of 
secondary importance altogether. 
a matter of entire indifference to a large majority 
of the members of this as to where shall 
be the precise Starting point on the Missouri river. 
T Ille grcat object of the grant will have been at- 
tained by thc construction of a road from any 
points on the Missouri river 01' western boundary 
of the State of Missouri. T lie Inain object'in the 
location of one of these roads is, that It. shall be 
an extension as a main trunk of the Hannibal 
I take it that it is a mutter 
and St. Joseph road. 
of small irnportanc,e for us detennine the 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 13, 
Now, another thing. When Kansas may be who is the oldest member of the Committcc on 
admitted into the Union as a State, her bound- Public Lands in this House, [Mr. COBB,] and 
who will bear me witness that, eight years ago, 
aries will be fixed considerably inside the limits 
when efforts were being made to carry through 
of the present Territory of Kansas. The object 
the House a bill donating lands to aid in carrying 
of this bill is to grant lands to aid in the construc- 
these roads through the State of Missouri, t 
tion of roads to the western boundary of t,hé Ter- 
ritory of Kansas. When Kansas is admitted as debates will show that the intention was that the 
roads should be continued directly west througb 
a State, within smaller limits, she v•ill of coursc 
the Indian country, in the direction of the Pacific 
have jurisdiction or control over only such por- 
I think, by refetring to the Globc, it will 
tion of the lands as are within the State, leaving coast. 
the remainder of the lands to be selected, and the I be found that in the debate which took place on 
roads located by such State government as may thatoccasion,itwas stated that when the Hannibal 
II and St. Joseph railroad should be completed, it 
hereafter be set up west of the State of Kansas. 
would be an advance to that extent in a line of rail- 
The passage of this bill will secure an import- 
road extending west from Philadelphia, Harris- 
ant step toward the completion of a continuous 
line of railroad from the Atlantic to the Pacific; a burg, Columbus, Indianap•olis, and Springfield, 
national necessity, which is at the present time 
fclt and admitted by all classes of all sections of 
tho Union. By thus making a liberal appropri- 
ation of the public domain, we may obviate the 
necessity hereafter of making appropriations of 
money directly from the natiorjal Treasury, to 
aid the construction of a railroad across the con- 
tinent. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I statc those t.hings, and 
cmnmend them to the favorablc consideration of 
I the I-louse. 
I drsirc that there shall be definite 
action upon the measurc at this time, and shall 
therefore ask that the bill may be put upon its 
passao•e. 
Before relinquishing the floor, I desire to state 
that the Committee on Public Lands, at the last 
session of Congress, considered propositions ofa 
similar character in reference to toads in Califor- 
nia and Oregon, and authorized reports to be 
madc to the House recommending the donation 
of lands along thc lino of tbc roads running east- 
',vurdly {'rorn [he Pacific. If these bill.' shall pass, 
and the roads thcy are designed to assist shall bc 
built, there will É.hen exist only a narrow strip of 
two h undred pr three hundred 
territory, scnne 
miles in width, between the terminations of the 
roads provided in this bill on the western bound- 
ary of the rrerritory of' Kansas and those runnincr 
eastward ill the, States California and Oregon . 
enabled to complete 
'I'h(' Go will thus be 
this o•reat work of railroad conun u nication 
! t \vecn the Atlantic 
arid Pacific at a very small 
cxpcnse t.o tbc public, '.Prcasury. 
f sub:nit these observations, Mr. Spcakcr, 1 n 
lb would also be in a 
towards the Pacific coast. 
direct line with Carson Valley-and the gold dig- 
gings. It was the uronment then relied on for the 
aid asked for in the construction of this road , that it 
would be extended directly west through Kansas. 
MESSAGE FROM SENATE. 
A rnessage was received from the Senate, by 
Mr. PATTEN, one of its clerks, notifying the House 
that that body had passed House bill No. 863, to 
authorize the issue of Treasury notes, and for 
other purposes, with sundry amendments. 
TliE TREASURY NOTE BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 that the gentleman 
from Missouri will yield the floor, so that the 
question now pending 3Day be informally passed 
over, and the Senate amcndments to the Trcas- 
ury note bill be taken up and acted upon. 
agree to that, if 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
the House consents. 
There was no objection; and the House pro- 
ceeded to the consideration of the amendments of 
the Senate to the Treasury note bill. 
The first amendment of the Senate was road , as 
follows: 
Strike out one hundred," in line ton of the bill, and 
insert in lieu thereof fifty." 
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill 
vides that the Treasury not.es to be issued shall 
not bc of a less denomination than $100. The 
amendment of the Senate strikes that out, and 
inserts the provision that they shafl not bc of a 
less denomination than fifty dollars. I move that 
oxt)larlation of the bill before the I-louse; and I the amendment, bo concurred in. 
ask for t henn a fair consideration fron'i the Ilouso. 
I now yield to thegcnlleman fi•m-n Missouri, [Mr. 
CRAIG,] to enable him to explain his amcnduncnt. 
Mr. CRAIG, Missouri. The gentleman 
from Iowa states t.he casc correctly. The Corn- 
mittce on Public Lands havc been induced, I have 
no doubt, to report this bill in the shape in which 
they have presentcd it to the House, for the rea- 
son that they did not desire to settle the contro- 
vcrsy bct.wccn certain towns on the Missouri 
I n)uyr say, bow- 
river, in Kansas and out of it. 
ever, f sunposp, without. any breach of confidence, 
cisc 1)0int of starting. The Comrnitlee on Public that the Committee Public Lands have repeat- 
The an'lendnnent was concurred in. 
The second amendment of the Senate was read, 
as follows: 
In section four, linc nine, after thc word Prcsidcnt," 
strike out the words, to borrow ti:ne to time, on the 
bcst terms proposed, such suins oc Inoney, upon the credit 
of the notes authorized by this act, as he Inay deenl expc- 
(lient, after havinrr "ivcn public notice of at least ten days, 
of the or smns required, and inviting proposals there- 
for, in newspapers published in the cities of Washington 
and New York and in licu thereof insert : 
'l'o issue so many of the notes hereby. authorized to be 
issued as 11)ay amount to a sun) not exceeding $3,000,000 
at such rate of interest as may be offered hy the lowest 
responsib5e bidder or bidders It'ho tnay agree to take the 
to leave that to cdly decided to report a bill with the section to said notes at par, after public advertisement of not less than 
Lands thought il would be 
be determined by the Kansas Legislaf.ure. 
which, my amcndn')cnt applies as I propose to 
road which is to make it. 
BLit, in consequence of the 
So in rcference to the other 
ties of gen t.!emen outside of' this I-louse, in the gal- 
start at or nea.r the mout.h of the Kansas rivet; 
it wilt be left to the Legislature of Kansas to lerics, if' you plcasc, the cotnmitte.e has been in- 
determine the precise poiilt of s.tarting. 
duced to believe that Ibe pussage of thc bill would 
And so in reference to the other road , 'which is 
bc endangered by settling that question; and they 
have theretbrc turned these parties loose into the 
desi"tucd as a continuation of tho Pacific railroad 
now in proccss of construction through the State Kansas Legislature to settle their conflictinc in- 
of Missouri* the initial point is to bo sonoo point terests. Now, sir, I object to goino• to the Kan- 
sas Legislature. First, because one of these roads, 
at or near thc terminus of that road on the west- 
although starting a quarter of a degree il)side 
ern border of the State. Tho Committee on Pub- i 
the Territory of Kansas—some twelve 01' fifteen 
lic Lands have not decmcd it within their prov- 
ince to designate the prccisc point of startin(?. 
miles south of the Nebraska line—is a road in- 
The proper point can only be determined by volving quite as much the interests of Nebraska 
actual survey, and we Kansas Legislature as Kansas; and yet the Committee on Public i' 
to determine that matter after such survey shall 
attempt to settle conflicting interests of diflln•ent 
localities along the 
line of tho river might en- 
danger the passage of the l)ill through the House. 
They have therefore deemed it best that the 
question should be referred to the authorities of 
I do not know what effect the amend- 
Kansas. 
ment of the gentleman from Missouri may havc, 
if adopted. 
I have no personal objection to it; 
but I have deemed it my duty to state the reasons 
which havc actuated the Connnittee on Public 
Lands in coming to the conclusion *Which is em- 
bodicd in this bill. 
Lands propose to Tive to the Le•rislature of' _Kan- 
have been made. The committee belicvcd thatany• sas the control over a roead which runs throtvrh 
a corner of that Territory, but the great body of 
which is within Nebraska. 
object to this fbat,nre of' the comenitt_e.e'N bill, 
Mr. Speaker, in the second place, because it will 
oblige you and the thousands and hundreds of 
thousands of people who travel that route to de- 
pend on the Legislature of K.ansas to decide upon 
carrying out a project in the location of this road, 
that will compel all who travel over the road to 
proceed twenty-one or twenty-two Iniles down 
the Missouri river béfore starting for the West. 
I refcr gentle)ncn to the gentleman from Alabama, 
ten days in such papr•rs as thc I'resident may direct ; 
said advertise!ncnt to propose t.o issue such notes at par to 
those who rnay take the s:une at the 
loxvest rate of 
interest; but in deciding upon those bids, no fractions shall 
bo considered which may be less than one pcr cent. 
per 
Mr. SHERMAN. a conference, with the 
members of the Senate Conm-littee on Finance, 
offer the followinff amendment to the amendment 
of the Senate. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
Strike out thc words so many of," and the words 
•as 
tnay to a sunn not exceedin«r $3 000,000 so that 
'l'o issue the notes hereby authorized to be issued at sach 
rate ot• interest as may bc offered by the lowcst responsible 
bidder or bidders, wha may am•ec to take said notes at par, 
after public advertiæmcnt of not Ices than ten days in such 
papers as the President may direct; the said advertise- 
. Inent to propose to issue such notes at par to those who 
gnay oflQ.r to take the saine at. the lowest rate of interest ; 
but _in deciding upon those bids. 110 fractions shali be eon- 
sidcrcd which be of less than onc fourth per centum 
per anntun. 
ri'hc amendment was agreed to. 
Mr.'S1-1ERMAN. 1 will state to I-louse 
that the House bill authorizes the President to 
sell these notes at any rate under par, in order 
to raise the nrjoney. The Senate have preferred , 
however, in allowing thc President to increase 
the rate of interest, to require that all the notes 
shall be sold at par. They also aut.horize the 
