92 
internal improvement. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
December 13, 
It is as 
attention: of -the House to the statement. 
follows: 
table QI public lands granted to tbc seueraZ States arbd Tcr- 
ritörie.$ by Congress, compiled from -Executive Documents. 
(-'I%iTty-Fifth Congress, Eaécutir.u Document 110-use of 
Representatives, first Session, No. 68; Thirty-Tl&ird Con- 
gress, 'Ezecutive Document House Of Represéntatives,ftrst 
session, NV. 52.) 
House. I ask that the two letters be read, and 
been increased in value because of the construc- 
thcn the resolution. 
tion of that canal. And I understand, sir, that an 
The letters were read, as follows: 
arrangement was made by the people of Illinois, 
by which the railroad company undertook to con- i 
OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT PUBLIC PRINTING, 
struct the road under the grant from the United 
VVASIIINGTON, December 10, 1860. 
States and to give to the St-ate one seventh of the SIR: The continued absence frorn this city of Thomas 
t H. Ford, Esq., House Printer, and the refusal of Messrs. 
cn•oss receipts from the railroad, which amount li & English, who executed for him the printing 
Internal 
States. 
improve- 
ments; 
Ohio.... ..... 
Ifidiariäs-....'.--. I 
Illinois.... 
2,595,053 
Missouri... 
2,315,435 
Alabåtna.. 
2,832,918 
M i&siésippi.... 
Louisiana 
Michigan 
Arkansas 
Florida... 
'2:6923.71 
Wisconsin 
Tenuessec. 
Minnesota.... 
500,000 i 
California .. 
Swamp Other 
Aggregate. 
lands. . purposes. 
32,448 9,584,179 
2,595 
2,834,090 1,764,672 
2,933,439 
7,273,724 
8,026,358 
4,756,791 
1;093393 
1 
8,990,937 
6,776,292 
13 218,796 
Now, sir, it is respectfully submitted to the 
consideration of Congress, whether Kansas and 
Nebraska ought not, in justice, to be placed on an 
equal footing with other States and Territories in 
relation to their intcrnal improvements, bv grants 
of •the public lands in accordance '..vith the long- 
I think 
established practice of the Government. 
that they ought. This having become the settled 
policy of the Government, my own opinion is 
that It would be illiberal, unfair, and unjust to the 
new Territories to refuse to grant them what we 
have granted to all the other new land States and 
Territories of the United States. There is no 
reason why the Territories of Nebraska and 
Kansas should not have railroad grants to the 
same extent as Iowa and Wisconsin and the other 
II goes annually into the treasury of the State. 
am informed that it amounted during the last year 
to between one hundred and fifty and two hun- 
dred thousand dollars; enough, sir, to pay the 
whole State expenses, if managed economically. 
Mr. Speaker, I do notintend to detain the House 
much longer. Every gentleman here who has 
been a member of this House for a number of I 
years, fully understands this proposition, and is 
I desire the vote to be taken 
ready to vote on it. 
to-day. I trust that the House will not recommit 
this bill to the Committee on Public Lands. We 
have had these bills before us for the past four 
years; and if gentlemen wait for conflicting and 
contending interests to settle thcsc questions, they 
will have to wait until doomsday before that is 
If this bill were recommitted to the Com- 
done. 
mittee on Public Lands, the probability is—I think 
I may say that the certainty is—that no change 
would be made by that committee. 
I therefore 
ask the House not to recommit this bill which 
grants lands to the Terri tory of Kansas for railroad 
purposes. Let us vote on it now. I know not 
what may be the temper of this House in reference 
togranting landsfor railroad purposes, and I care 
I am here to discharge my duty 
not what it is. 
as a member of the Committee on Public Lands, 
and as a member of this House. As a member 
of the committee, I have already discharged my 
duty, and I now desire to discharge my duty as a 
member of this House. I am ready to take the 
vote, and I call the previous question. 
The SPEAKER. The first question will be on 
recommitting the bill to the Committee on Public 
Lands. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 
If the call for thc 
north western States. 
Mr. Speaker, these reasons have induced me to previous question be seconded, will it apply to 
favor this proposition. Ever since I havc becn the whole bill. 
a member of this House I have uniformly given The SPEAKER. It will. 
my vote in favor of liberal grants of the public II Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope, then, that 
it will be voted (lown. 
lands for the purposes of internal improvement. 
After you go onc hundred miles west of the Mis- Mr. MONTGOMERY. I ask the gentleman 
souri river, these lands in Nebraska, as they now to withdraw the calk for the previous question for 
ordered at the last session or Congress, to continue that 
arrangement, make it rny duty to connnunicate the facts to 
the House of Representatives, and to respectfully request 
its direction as to the printing of the present session. a con. 
siderable portion of which is now in this office, the imme- 
diate colnpletion of which is urgently required by the exi- 
gencies of the' public servrce. 
The reasons of Messrs. Larcombe & English for the 
course they have pursucd are assigned in the accompany- 
ing letter. It is but justice to them to state that the work 
intrusted to them heretofore by this odice has been exe- 
cuted promptly and satisfactorily. 
In this connection, I deem it proper to state that, in pur- 
suance of the provisions of the joint resolution in relation 
to the public printing, approved June 23, 1860, I have en- 
tered into a contract with Mr. Joseph T. Crowell for the 
purchase of the printing establishment formerly owned by 
10 the Joint Committec on tbe Public printing. Should it 
*neet their approval, the entire printing and binding of. all 
the branches of Government, or any portion thereof, can 
at once be executed under its own control, and by its own 
otficers. The expediency and propriety ot• such a policy I 
have hereto(orc strongly advocated, and recent experience 
has but strengthened my convictions upon the subject. 
I have the honor to be very respecttUIJy, your obedient 
HEART, Superintendent. 
servant, 
Hon. WILLIAM PENNINGTON, 
Speaker of the House qf Representatives. 
WASHINGTON, D. C., December 8, 1860. 
SIR : Having executed the printing of the House of Rep. 
resentatives for thc first session of the Thirty-Sixth Con- 
gress, under a contract or partnership with Thomas II. 
Ford, House Printer, and, as we trust and believe, to your 
entire satisfaction, we deelll it due to you to inform you 
that we cannot any longer continue our contract with the 
House Printer. 
The reason for taking this step lies in the fact that Con- 
gregs, at the last session, reduced the prices to be paid för 
the printing forty per cent. below the prices paid at the 
tune we made our contract with the present House Printer, 
leaving barely enough, as •,ve believe, to pay the actual cost 
of t.hc work. 
While, thcrefore, we would be willing to execute tho 
printing ihr the House of Representatives directly, for the 
prices now allowed by law, "'e cannot consent to do it for 
any intermediate party. 
We arc anxious to keep our office employed ; our rela- 
tions to those who constitute tbc establishment ilnpcl us 
to obtain all the work sve can ; but it could not bc expected 
of us t') execute it at a sacrifice. 
VVe are, very respectfui]y, your obedient servants, 
LARCOMBE & ENGLISH. 
arc, are in fact totally worthless. They cannot five minutes, to allow me to make an explanation. JOHN HEART, Esq., Superintendent of Public Printing. 
be sold by the Government; but by making this 
little grant the purpose of constructing this 
great national thoroughfare, which is to unite the 
Atlantic and the Pacific slopes, you will make 
the lands on each side of thc toad valuable. They 
will then be brought into market, and the alternate 
gcotions reserved to the Government will sell at. 
If it were, 
tho increased price of $2 50 per acre. 
not for the construction of lhc road, the lands 
would remain for long years unsold and totally 
worthless to the Government. I take it, forgt•antcd 
that the Govcrnmcnt makes money by this opcr- 
I can give an illustration in the case of 
ation. 
Illinois. The State of Illinois has sold tnillions 
Mt. DAVIS, of Indiana. I would be glad to The resolution 'vvas read, as follows: 
accommodate both the gentleman from Virginia Rcsoh.ed, That the superintendent of Public Printing be 
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania; but i see 
authorized and directed forthwith to contract with com- 
that, unless the previous question is now called 
petcnt and responsible parties for the execution of the 
printing of the House of Representatives, ordered or to be, 
and insisted 011, this debate will rub on to an un- 
ordered, the present session, at prices not exceeding those 
I therefore refuse to withdraw 
necessary le. ngth. 
I now authorized by law. 
thc call tor the previous question. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virg•ima. The ought 
ENROLLED BILL. 
to know that these bills are sprung upon us sud- Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En- 
'denly, and t.hen attempted to be rushed throucrh II 
b il rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill (S. 
under the gag of the previous question. This bill, 
upon which we are now called to vote, has never 
beeru referred to the Committee of the Whole on 
the Stale of the U I')ion. 
of acres of the public la.nd lying in the very midst i I The call for thc previous question was second 
ed, and the main question ordered. 
of her vast plams at $2 50 per acre, which never 
'IPho guost,ion heino on the resolution to com- 
would have been sold but for the grant made to 
mit the bill to the Committee on Public Lands— 
her of ålternute sections for the purpose of con- 
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, appointed 
structing railroads. 
My friend from Illinois tells me that those lands Mr. CRAIG, of Allissouri, 
and N.'lr. IBCRNHAM. 
I-lousc di_vided, and the tellers reported— 
had been innarket unsold for thirty years before 
the grant was made. He will correct me if I am 
mistaken, when I state that under the grant made 
to his State have been constructed nearly eight 
hundred miles of railroad. They havc consn•ucted 
railroads through prairies where the lands would 
not have been sold for fifty ycars if they had not 
been constructed. Every acre of the rescrved 
alternate sect.io«ns has been sold at $2 5(), which 
is double the minimum price fixed by the Gov- 
I am told that those very lands cannot 
ernment. 
be bought to-day less than from fifteen to 
twenty dollars an acre. I can cive an illustration 
from my own State. Many years ago, the Con- 
gress of the United States granted one million six 
hundred thousand acres of the public land for the 
purpose of constructing the Wabash and Eric 
canal, by which grant that canal was constructed; 
and it is now the longest canal upon the face of 
the globe. The reserved sections of land were 
ayes 70, noes 63. 
So the motion was a(rrced to. 
ADJOURNMENT OVER. 
FLORENCE that when I-louse 
adjourns, it adjourn to Ineet on Monday next. 
The motion was agreed to. 
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SF.NA'I'F,. 
A mcs.sa«ye was received from the Senate, by 
Mr. PATTEN, one of their Clerks, informing the 
House thut the Senate had passed a bill (No. 
.518) for the relief of William A. Linn 's estate, 
in which he was directed to ask the concurrencc 
of the House. 
PUBLIC PRINTING. 
Mr. HASKINS. 1 am directed by the Comy 
mittee on Pilblic Printing of this House to report I i 
a resolution , in connection with a communication 
increased in value, and they have continued to from thc Superintendent of Public Printing, and 
increase in value, until to-day they are worth from a communication from Messrs. Larcombc & Encr- 
No. 82) to amend the fourth section of the act 
for the adn)ission: of Oregon into the Union, o as 
to extend the time for sclecting salt,sprin and 
contiguous lands in Oregon; when the 
)eaker 
signed the sarne. 
PUBLIC PIIINTING—AGAIN. 
Mr. HASKIN. It will be seen that the 
lution proposed by the committee provides that 
the Superin tenden t of Pu blic Printing, who, under 
the law creating his offc,c, is the officer contem- 
plated to do thc thing where neglecÆ takes place 
upon the part of the Printer of {he House, shall 
proceed to see that. the printinc.y required by the 
law-niaking power of this Government shall be 
forthwith attended to. Inasmuch as it has been 
stated by the friends of Mr. Ford, the Printer of 
the House, that he is absent, and is detained in 
consequence of illness, the resolution which the 
Committee on Printing at one time thou!fllt of 
declaring his offce vacant, has not 
proposing, 
been subrnitted to the consideration of the House. 
The exicrencv of the printin• requires that prompt 
action-should be had; and the committee deemed 
that the resolution which has been reported from 
the committcc is all-suff,cicnt to have the matter 
promptly attended to. 
I call the previous question upon the passage 
of the resolution. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 hope the gentleman 
will not call the previous question. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 ask the House to vote 
