94 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 13, 
ago, •whén the consular and.diplomatic bill came the omces of both House Printer and Senate Sion ab out it, postpone it. 
I iherefore call the 
up for consideration, objection was made to its I Printer vacant. But we must meet this case as previous question. 
MI'. STANTON. I move to postpone the 
it presents itself to the House; and that is by di- 
consideration because Che bill was not printed; 
recting the Superintendent to contrict to havc the 
arid: the statement was then made by the chair- 
nnan Of the Committee of Ways and Means that work done, so that we may proceed with our 
it •was not printed because the Printer 0€- the business. 
House was absent fronr the city, and because the I Gentlemen ask fora postponement of this prop- 
persons heretofore in the habit of doing the print- 
.tng refused to -do it. 
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from 
New York allow me to make an inquiry? I un- 
derstood him to say on a previous occasion that 
the.House Printer had- transferred this work to 
Laroombe& English, giving them eighty per cent. 
on the, prices paid. i will • now refer the House 
to the .proviso to the second section, of *the bill, 
chapter-eight.y,rof the acts of last session of Con- 
gre.Ss, and I ask the gcntleman whether the atten- 
tion of the Committee on Public Printing has been 
called to that proviso ? 
Mr.- HASKIN. If the gentleman from Ten- 
nessee will: permit me, I des-irc briefly to reply to 
the remarks of the gentleman from - Kentucky 
[Mr. BURNETT] especially,and also to the remarks 
ofthe gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. GRow ;] 
and 1 intend covering that qucstion. 
Mr. MAYNARD. verj well, sir. 
Mr. HASKIN. The from Ken- 
tucky [Mr. BURNETT] stated that the office of 
Public Printer was vacant. i have my doubts as 
to whetherhe is not correct in that statement; but 
a-é far•-as— 
Mr. BURNETT. The member from New 
•York is mistaken.. I did not state that the office 
was vacant; but I stated that the eflöct of the res- 
olution would be to declare, indirectly, the office 
vacant, and that by not doing so directly, the 
Public Printer would bo entitled to claim com- 
pcnsation, provided he would bc able to show that 
hc was ready to do the work. 
Mr. HASKIN. In reply to of the 
gevltkcnnan remarks, peril) it. me to call the atten 
osition until Monday. -WV e may to-day have ob- 
iections raised to the consideration of sqme bill 
'before the House, because it is not printed. 
there be an effort on the part of General Bowman, 
the Senate Printer, to do the House printing at 
the reduction made at last session of Congress, 
I know that he is now doino• the 
I am glad of it. 
work ordered by the Senate at thc reduced rates. 
I know that the House printing can also be done 
at the reduced rates. But, in regard to the con- 
tract entered into by Larcombe & English, by 
which they were to give Ford twenty per cent. of 
the price paid, if they were to do the x„vork at the 
reduced rates, they would only be receiving forty 
instead of eighty per cent. under the old rates al- 
further consideration of the resolution until Tues- 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 hope that motion will be 
i agreed to, and upon it I call the previous question. 
I Mr. FLORENCE. the demand for the 
previous question will be withdrawn for a mo- 
desire to say that, so far as my jüdgment 
ment. 
is concerned 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the 
I gentleman from Pennsylvania that the previous 
question has been called. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 appeal to the gentleman 
from Kentucky to withdraw it.. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 will, if it. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Idesire that, in my 
i judgment, gentlemen have not looked at this ques- 
tion practically. H.crc are facts suflicient,l think, 
to induce any gentleman who will examine them 
to concur with me that neithcr the Senate Printer 
to (10 the work at that m•ice; nor can the I-louse 
afford to enter into the wranglings and janglincrs 
between Public Printers and thosc who contract 
to do the work. The•way to meet the difficulty 
is to authorize the Superintendent of Pu blic Prin t- 
ing to give out the work on contract, as proposed 
by the resolution under consideration. 
Now, sir, on the sut)jcct of the purchase of the 
Wendell establishment, I desire to inform the 
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. BURNETT] that 
the Joint•Committee Public Printing, consist- 
ing of JEFFERSON DAYS, Mr. FITCH, and N'lr. 
, and Mr. 
ANTHONY, on the of the Senate 
I GURLEY and myself on the part of the House, 
met yesterday, on notification from the Senate 
com mittee, and we did a the contract 
be ha v.i 
the Superintendent. of Public Printing— 
first taken the ad vie.e and received the approval 
-l of' the Secrctarv of the Interior—inadc for the pur- 
'i' hat cop 
_tion of tho House to the law creating the ofliee of ehase Of this establishrnent. 
ibr *50,000 less than 
By that law tract is, ill in y .jüdgmel')t., 
Superintendent of Public Printing. 
it is provided that w.here the Public Printer n(tg- i the establishkne,lit cost, allowino• nothing for the 
persona! skill, and attention of IVit. w Ci'i- 
lects for sixty days to do tliC general w0rlc or- 
dered by the House, the Superintendent may II 
his verv 
r Govern niel)t prin t.ino• 
lowed by the law of 1852. They cannot afford (inasmuch he has been referred to in this debate) 
nor the House Printer bas conformed to the law. 
The law passed in the last Congress expressly 
provides that the printing of Congress shall not 
be underlet, that it shall not be so sub-contracted, 
that the personal supervision of the Senate Printer 
or the Housc Printer shall be withdrawn from the 
execution of the work. Now, there is no gen- 
tleman here who will maintain for a moment 
that the Senate Printer or the House Printer has 
either of them exercised that personal supervision 
over the Public Printing which the law contem- 
In referencc to the particular claims these 
su ID-contractors nuty have upon thcPrinters them- 
selves, I know nothing and care nolhing. There 
is one question, however, which gentlemen upon 
this side of the I-Tousc ought to look at. The 
other side of the House are anxious« to proceed 
with t.he legitimate public business of the country. 
other day we were prevented from passincy. 
A - II upon one of the appropriati01'1 bills, because it 
understood this morning, 
had not been printed . 
by the comrüQ1'lication the Superintendent 
o? Printing, that very little of the work 
ordered during thc 1') rcscnt session has yet been 
nrintcd , and cannot be, because the Printer olccted 
r l'hat provis- 
done-at the prices allowed by law. 
ion is designed to reach • the large work ordered 
by 'tho I-louse, but not t.he smaller matters. 
MT. BURN ETT. The gentleman will permit 
if that lye the law, 
ahe to:ask him. t.his -question: 
and -thc fact exists, why does he want to have this 
resolution adopted ? 
Mr. HASKIN. I reply to the. gentlernan that, 
this provision of the law creating the office of 
Superintendent Of Publie, Prinl.ing applies to tbc 
large work ordet:ed by the House, and not to tbc 
bills, and reports, aud Journals which we require 
At least. t.hat is the in- 
cvcry dny• for our use. 
terprctation wh ich the Superintendent of Public 
Printing, Mr. Ileart, gives to it; and it is on that 
account that he sent in tillis conn-muucat',on. 
had applied to the general printing, as the gen- 
tleman says it does, there would 
have been no 
necessity action bore. it is under this prows- 
ion of the law that we ask that the Superintend- 
ent shall have -the •power which tllis resolution i] or willi Ine at all. All that I desire 
II 
to know frolü hirn *'s, hat he means w hon hc 
proposes to give him. 
says hc wants to cro into the investin•at-ion of that 
Now, sir, on the subject of t.hc ta-catur of this 
II contract? 
office, At the last session of Congress, the gen 
Mr. HASKIN. 1 mean to say, sir, 
that I am 
tleman frorn Alabmna, [Mr. CLOPTON,] in a re- 
as well satisfied to have you the Gov- 
port inade on the subject of the public printinc,•, 
as I trust you 
offered a resolution Illat inasmuch as Mr. Ford crnment Printing Oi\ice Inatter, 
had entered into a contract -with Laréombe & would be to have the unalter of DeGroot's con- 
tract in . 
En('lish to do this work, he pecoivii')o• twenty per 
Mr. BURCLNE'IMI'. So far as respects any in- 
cent. , arid they receiving eighty per ccnL., t 
Eut the gentle- vestio•ation connected v/ ith him or any nuan, 
I 
fact was a cucatur of the oiliee. 
Chat is a question 
have nothing 10 do with 
man from Alabama did not press the 
r I'he law, on which ho based it is an act passed on which geutke.man can exercisc his own 
But I want him to ansxvcr this question: 
wishes. 
IViarc11 3, 1859. provides: 
rl'hat the ('f Printer. eätuer to the Senate or House 
rectly, indireet.\y, or remotely, to reflect on Ine 
Representatives, shall not 'be transiOrable, eit.her d ircctly 
in any mode whatever? That is what I want to 
ot ii'idirecfly, and that any attetnpt. to or transfix cithcr 
o:" said offices, or auy sale or ot• the same, shah know. 
operate ag a vacation and abandonlnent of said offices, or II M r. HASK.IN. I did not, si:•. 
II Mr. BURNETT. very well. Now, Mr. 
either of then}." 
the case nndm•consideration, within Speaker, so fku• as this resolution is concerned, I 
about a week after his election, Mr. Ford entered desire to make a motion to postponc it, unless 
into acontrac.t,.sub-letting the whole, of this work. somc other gentleraan has already made, such a 
motion. 1.3.elieviljg• that this resolution ought not 
'I' he same thing was done by the Senate? rinter•, 
to be acted upon at this time, I höpe that the 
and if we had Ghe power here to reach both these 
eases, l, for ono, would in favor of declaring ± i House will at once, w-ithout any further discus- 
ofiicc will not into operation until the 4th of bv the Elouse is not here. and those to svhom he 
i 
has sub-lot the work will not proceed with it. 
shrink from no in vostiffation on 
March next. 
Mr. GROW. Right here, with the consent of 
J can only say to the gentleman from 
this subject. 
my colleatyue, I wish to make a statement in rct- 
Kentucky, that therc wili be as nntch propriety 
i erence to the failure of the consular and diplo- 
ill investigating the matter of Lhc reso- 
It is very 
matic bill to bo printed the other day. 
lution, pas.scd at the 
last session, 
hereafter, as 
wckl that the bills in the hands of the 
there will bc in investigating the subject of thc 
standing corn mittees of th6. House are not printed. 
Government. printing-office; and { trust his skirts 
This bifl had on! y recently been reported by the 
will be as clear on that subject as mine arc on 
Committee of Ways and Means, and there had 
i understand that the 
not been time to prj'nt it. 
Mr. BURNETT. It is always well 
bill has now been printed. 
i inen"lbcr.s of Congress t.o u Eldersland each other 
Mr. FLORENCE. That is very well, so 
and I desire to propound 
clearly and distinctly; 
far as it goes; but it does not reach the point to 
to the member from New York this auestlon. 
In 
which I am speaking. 
order that he may full v understand the force of 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 will say to the 
the question I put to him, I will go into a little 
that 1 am informed 
tlcman from Pennsylvania. 
I oilöi•cd at the last session of this 
statement. 
that. the Senate Printer is (loincr the printino• 
I-louse a resolution, tbc account of one 
I of the House which the House Printer fails to 
l)cGroot to the Secretary of War for settlement. 
II Now, the cany)0t deai in any insinua- 
execute. 
i Mr. FLORENCE. Then is doing it with 
out authority of law. If the Superintendept of 
Public Pril'lt-ing ha.s delegated that trust which 
belongs to the House Priater to the Printer of the 
, hc has, in my judgmeut, not dono it in 
senate 
pursuance of any prov;sion of law. 
Mr. IV•IcCLiCRNAIND. I did not say the Su- 
perintcndcnt of Public Pripslin,o• had inade the 
I suppose the gon(letnan fro;n Pennsyl- 
j chan(re. 
vauia will not deny that - Nfr. Ford had the rio•ht 
10 ernploy Lhe Pcinler of 111B Senate to. do the 
; I work. 
Mr. FLORENCE. The communication this 
mort'iino• read frora the Superintendent of Publie 
whether by his rexnarlc he if)Lended either di- Print.ine states t.ha_t tho Peintc.i', or those 
cmployed by him, refused positively to do the 
how, then, is it 
work at the price fixed law; 
I know nothing a,jout. his arran(yement 
be done? 
1 wish, 
any sub-contractor, nor do I care 
ffentlelncn, as I said at the outset, to look at the 
the face. Oar 
Inatter practically and fully in 
printincr is not being done. 'I'he House Printer 
he has not, the pur- 
cannot perform it; 
view of {he law, madc any provision for tho per- 
formance of' it, neither has the Senate Prinler•. so 
that I do not care for of them so far a_s they 
