96 
ME. BURNHAM stated that Mr. WOODRUFF 
was:confined to his room by sickness. 
The result Of the vote was announced as above 
recorded* 
ORGANIZATION OF IIOUSE. 
Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous consent, intro- 
duced a bill to provide for and facilitate the organ- 
ization of the House Of Réprésentatives of the 
United States on the agsem'bling of each Con- 
gress; which was read a. first and second time, 
and-referred to. the Committee on the .Tudiciary. 
CENSUS. 
Mr. ASHLEY also, by unaniznous consent, 
introduced a bill to amend the act providing for 
the taking of the seventh census, and for other 
purposes, approved May 23, 1859; 'Which was 
read a first and second time, and referred to the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
STATE OF THE UNION. 
I have in my 
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri. 
hand-some resolutions 1.1 pon the subject of our. 
national difficulties, which were not ready to bc 
såbmitted yesterday when the State of Missouri 
was called; and I ask now that they be received, 
and referred to the select committee of thirty- 
three. 
No objection being made, the resolutions were 
read, and referred according;y. They are as fol- 
lows: 
Resolecd-, That the quest.ions at issue between the slave• 
holding and nou--*laveholding States now involving the 
integrity and stability of tuc Union, are: i. The consti- 
tutional power of Congrcss to prohibit. the introduction of 
slaves into the Tcrritöries of the United States by persons 
emigrating to said 'l'erritm•ies from States wherein slavcry 
exists. 2. 'I'lle constitutional power ot' a Territorial Legis- 
iature to prohibit or establish glavery. 3. 'I'he. 
tional right of Congress to protect slave property in the 
Territories of the United States. 4. T Ite constitutional 
power of' Congress to pass laws making it a crisnina) of- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 17. 
IN SENATE. 
MONDAY, December 17, 1860. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
Fort* Moultrie and Sumpter, respectively ; whether, in his 
opinion, the number is sufficient to hold tho forts against 
any apprehended attack or domestic violence ; whether any 
additional men have been ordered to either of said forts, 
or any steps have been taken to put them into a condition 
The Journal of Thursday last was read and I toresist any attack that. may be Inade upon thein ; 
in whose 
approved. 
Ilocsn BILL REFERRED. 
possession and custody, and under what guard, the arsenal 
at Charleston, Snutb Carolina, is; what. and othcr 
property is there, kept, or has been there within the last. 
I three Inonths, and iflnoved,what has been done w•ith it; and 
! Thö bill (No. 841) making further provision in 
if such arsenal, arms, and property is under the cust.ody and 
relation to consolidated land offices, received from 
controi of persons other than officers of the United States, 
by what authörity they hold the possession and custody 
the House of Representatives on Thursday last, 
arsenal, arms, and property ; why they are not put 
l.vas read twice by its title, and referred to the I 
in possession of officers of the United States ; and whether, 
Committee on Public Lands. 
MEMORIALS. 
Mr. PUGH presented the memorial of M. C. 
Mordecai and others, owners of the steamship 
Isabel, praying compensation for mail service 
between Charieston and Havana; which was re- 
ferred to the Committee on the Post Offce and 
i Post Roads. 
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of Jane 
Gantt, praying indmnnily for losses sustained by 
her husband, Dr. Joseph Gantt, by the invasion 
i of Florida by the troops of the United States in 
1812; which was referred to the Cormnittee on 
i Claims. 
DILL INTRODUCED. 
Mr. HEMPHILL asked, and by unanimous 
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 
521) for the relief of E. P. Hunt; which wus read 
twice by Its title, and referred to the Committee 
on Commerce. 
MAIL ROUTE. 
Mr. HEMPHILL submitted the following res- 
olution; which was considered by unanimous 
consent, and agreed to: 
Resolved,• That the C.ommittee on the Post Oflicc and 
PORt Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of 
'Onse for any person to prevent or obstruct, attetnpt to establishing a tri-wcekly mail route t'rom Monroe, in Lou- 
prevent or obstruct the e..xecution of the fuoiLive slave 
act." 5. The constitutional power of Conrrrcss to pass 
laws punishing any person who shall, directly or indirectly, 
aid or assist any other person held to service or labor in one 
State, uude.•• the laws thereof, to escape Croni the person 
to whom such service or labor Inay bc duc. 
*titutimtal right of' State 10 pass taws preventing. hinder- 
indirectly, obstructing thc 
ing, or in any way. directly 
execution of tt)C " fugitive slave act." 
'Resolved, That the 'Ore«oing auestionx should be eub- 
n:itted to the Su pretnc Cou-rt ot• the. Un ited States by a joint 
resol uti0'-1 of'hoth Houses Congress, för t hei r ; a nd 
that said trihnnal be requested to subinit said opinion to 
Coui«ress,- speedily as practicable. 
Rcsotocd, rl'hat as. a final settlernent of said questions 
between the North and the South, Congress should with- 
out delay, after said opiiiion shali have been subinitted, 
enact such laws as 'nay be necessary tc carry into ctü2et 
the opinion uf satid court, or any part thereof, that nuay 
require legislation. 
MILITARY ACADEMY. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, by unanimous 
isiana, to Rondo, in Arkansas. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. 
A message from the House of Represen tatives, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
Speakcr of t11C f--loasc had signed the followin(F 
enrolled bills; which thereupon re ceived the sin 
nature of' the Vice President: 
A bit! (H. R. No. 863) to authorize the issue 
of 'Preasury notes, and for purposes; and 
'l A bill (S. No. 82) to atne,nd the foa rtb section 
of the act for the athnission of Oregon into thc 
Union, so as to extend the time for selec.ting salt 
springs contiguous lands in Oregon. 
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 
Mr. GWIN. The 
und POSI Roads, to w honi referred a memo- 
rial of thc Chamber of Commerce of -the city of 
sent; presented to the House the report of the San Francisco, California, in favor of the trans- 
- mission of' the entire mail overland between the 
commissioners appointed to exmninc into the or 
and course of east.ern States and California daily through the 
ganization, system of discipline, 
territory of the United States, havc instructed mc 
study, of the United States Military Acadetnyat i 
to report it back, and move that the committee be 
West Point, together with the record of' evidence 
taken; which were laid on the table, and ordered discharged froin its further consideration, as the 
connnittee and the Senate have already acted on 
to bc printed. 
it, by reporting and passincr an amendment to the 
PACIFIC RAILROAD, 
post route bili during the last session, providing 
ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, 
- for an ovcrland daily mail on the central route, 
troduced a 5ill as a substitute for the Pacific rail- 
road bill reported frorn the select committee of which bill' with that amendment, is now pending 
in the House of Representatives. 
lust session; which was laid on the table and 
ordered to be printed-. 
Mr. VANDEVER.moved to reconsider 1110 vote 
by which House bill No. 700 was this mornincy 
recommitted to the Committee on Public Lands. 
rl'he motion was entered upon the Journal. 
CALVIN B. SEYMOUR. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 move that the petition 
of Calvin B. Seynnour, surviving partner of Staf- 
ford, ScytYlOUt• & Co., for indemnity for 
losses 
r I'he comrnittee was discharged. 
MI'. FITCH. The Committee on Printing, 
whom was referred the motion to print the report 
of the Secretary of State, commumc.ating, in obe- 
diel')ce to law, an abstract of returns of reeistered 
' American seamen, have instructed me to report it 
back, and ask to discharged from its further 
con sideration , the I.h-louse having ordered the print- 
ing of this document. 
The motion to discharge the connnittee was 
by Indians in 1836, be referred to the Committee agreed to. 
on \ l)dian Affairs. 
The motion was agreed to. 
BILL REFERRED. 
EXECUTIVE, MESSAGE. 
Several messaoes in writing, of an executive 
character, were received frorn the President of 
the United States, by Mr. A. J. GLOSSBRENNF„R, 
IN'h'. STOKES. I ask the unanimous consent 
or the I-louse to discharge the Committee. of the his Secrcvary. 
Whole House from the further consideration of 
FORTS IN CHARLESTON IIARBOR. 
House bill No. 467, and that it bc referred back to 
IV'1r. CLARK. I. havo a resolution of' inquiry 
the Conunittee on Invalid Pensions. 
and I de.sU•e its immediate passage, if 
IN 0 01-)iection made, it was so ordered. 
. there be no objection to its consideration: 
A ilid then, 
on the motion of Mr. HARRIS, of 
Resolved, 'I'hat tile President ot' the United States be 
Maryland, (at three o'clock, p. m. , ) the House requested to infornx the Senate, if not incompatible with 
the public service, what number of men are stationod at 
adjourned. 
in any instances, the persons in possession Öf such arsenal, 
arms, and property, have refused to comply with ret-pusi- 
tions anns and atnmunitiou, when properly madc ; and. 
further, what instructions have been given to the odicers 
in colnmand of said forts and arsenal in casu of a demand 
for their surrender by or to any person or authorities, or an 
attack upon them ; also, that the President be requested to 
furnish the Senate with copies of all such instructions and 
of all orders in relation to said förts or arsenal, within the 
last three Inonths, and of all correspondence with the Lieu- 
tenant General, or any other officer of the United States 
! Anny or Navy, relative to the security of said forts and 
arsenal, and to the necessity of supplying additional iOrce 
for their protection. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
If no objection be made to the pres- 
the chair.) 
ent consideration of the resolution, it will be con- 
sidered as before the Senate. 
Mr. BROWN. 1 object. 
ThePRESIDINGOfrFICER. Objection being 
made, it lies over. 
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE, ETC. 
Mr. FITCH. The Committee on Printing, to 
whotn was referred a resolution relative to print- 
inc extra numbers of the President's messa«rc 
and documents, report these resolutions, and ask 
for their adoption: 
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate, 
in addition to the usual number, fifteen thousand copies of 
annual Inessage of the Presi(lent of the United States, 
iVith the reports of the heads of Departments and chiefs of 
bureans cornynunieafed t.herewith, 01nitting the statistical 
, Inattcr accompanying said reports. 
Resolved further, 'l'hat there be printed in addition, for 
the use of Ileads of Departunents, eighteen hundred copies 
• of the annual rncs:sagc o? the President and accompanying 
docu:nents, '•,vitl) the statistics and inaps, viz.; two hun- 
dred copies {Or the use of' the Interior 1)epartEnent, and 
one thousali(l copies iör distribution to public libraries in 
l.hc several Sta:vs and 'Derritories, to be distributed by the 
Secrctary. as tåc Arnerican State ' Papers now are distrib- 
two hundt•cd copies tar the usc of the State 
ntcd by hin' ; 
l) c partinent. ; 
two hundrcd copies for the use of the VVar 
one hundred copies for the use of thc Navy 
l)epart.lnent; and one hundred copies for tho use of the 
f].'reasury .Department. 
Also, one, thousand additional 
copies of the report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs 
iör the use of his office ; one thousand copies ot• the report 
of the Co;nmissioner of the General Land Office iör the use 
of his office; five hundred copies of the, report of the Corn- 
missioner of Public Buildings för the use of that office; five 
hundred copies of the report of the oflicers in charge of 
the Governincnt Hospital for the Insane for the use of said 
ofliccrs; live hundred copies of the reports of the offcers 
in charge of' the Penitentiary for the District of Colunlbia, 
for their use. And in order that the views of the Secre- 
tary of' the Interior upon the various subjects treated of in 
these reports may bc the more fully understood : Be it fur- 
ther resolved, That so \nuch of his annual report be printed 
theresvith as relat.es to the same subject. 
Mr. YULEE. action on the resolutions, 
I would inquire of the chairman of the Corn Illit- 
tee on Printing why there is no recommendation 
for printing extra numbers of the report of the 
Post Offce Department? It is usual to allow 
them. 
Mr. FITCH. 
I believe the resolutions are 
transcript of those heretofore reported from the 
committee. Last year, I think, the Post Office 
Department printea its own report, and•perbaps 
the resolution of last. year was modified on that 
account; and we may have been led into error 
this year from the absence of that clause; but I 
belicvc it proper to allow the head of that Depart- 
ment number of copies of his report, and on the 
motion of the Sellator so to amend the resolulions, 
I think it witl be acceded to by the Senzue at 
once. 
Mr. YULEE. lhope the amendment will be 
made. 
It was not included last year in the gcn- 
eral resolution, because it was ordered by a spe- 
Cial and separate resolution presented by myself. 
Mr. FITCH. Such is the fact, believe; and 
this resolution being a copy of that one, I pre- 
smne that is the reason of the omission now. 
Mr. YULEE. r I' hc usual nulnber, .1 think, is 
five hundred for the use of the Departinent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the sen- 
ator from Florida move an amendment to either 
of these resolutions? 
