THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 20 SESSION. 
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir; and 1 understand it 
to be accepted bv the chairman of the committee. 
Mr. FITCH.• Yes, sir. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
will request the Senator from Florida to propose 
his amendment in form. 
Mr. YULEE. The amendment is to add to 
the first resolution: 
And one thousand copies of the report and documents 
from tho Postmaster General—five hundred copies of which 
shall be for the use of that Dcpartment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By the consent 
of the Senate, the resolutions reported by the 
Printing Comrnittee will be modified according to 
the suggestion made by the Senator from Florida. 
Agreed. ' 
The resolutions, as amended, were agreed to. 
WILLIAM 11. DE GROOT. 
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con- 
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu- 
tion (S. No. 49) to repeal the joint resolution ap- 
proved June 15, 1860, for the relief of William 
H. De Groot; which was read twice by its title. 
Mr. WILSON. I move the reference of the 
resolution to the Committee on Claims. The. 
resolution which I propose to repeal came ori- 
ginally from the House of Representatives, went 
to the Committee on the District of Columbia, 
and was passed, I think, without as much consid- 
eration as it ought to have had. I believe that 
matters are not right under it, and that il is the 
duty of Congress to repeal that act. 
The joint resolution was referred to the Com- 
mittee on Claims. 
RAILROAD CONNECTION AT WASHINGTON. 
Mr. KENNEDY. move now to take up 
Senate bill No. 377 of the last session, for consid- 
eration. 
The Secretary read the title of the bill (S. No. 
377) to authorize the Baltimore and Ohio Rail- 
road Company to extend the Washington branch 
of their road to the Potomac river, and across the 
same, by an extension of the present structure 
known as the Long Bridge, for the purpose of con- 
necting with the Virginia raih•oad at that point. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 merely rise to inquire 
of the Senator from Maryland whether he dc- 
signs to put that bill on its passao•e now, or to 
fix day for its consideration. 
1 am not pre- 
I wish to look 
pared to act upon it at present. 
Into it. 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 should like very much to 
have a vote on it to-day, if possible; but if it is 
deemed impossible to do that now, I should bc 
very glad to have the Senate appoint a day when 
If gentlemen's minds 
the vote shall be taken. 
are not made up upon it, I have no desire in the 
world to force this bill on the consideration of the 
body now. It is a bill of very great importance 
to the traveling community generally in the Uni- 
It was sornewhat discussed last ses- 
ted States. 
It was before the Senate last winter, and 
61011. 
several times postponed; but to meet the views of I 
gentlemen who may want further time to look at 
this' bill, I am perfectly willing to agree to make 
it the special order for MT ednesday at one o'clock. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 would suggest to the 
Senator that I have had an interview with a gen- 
tleman connected with that matter recently, and 
have somewhat modified rny views with reference 
to it, as the line is now supposed to be intended 
to run; 'but still I am not prepared to act upon it 
quite yet, and I certainiy wish to examine the bill 
very carefully before I give no y assent to it. 
have no objection to a future day being fixed, be- ; 
CRUSC, if I should be opposed to the bill then I 
can say so; but. at present, I must necessarily op- 
pose action on it until I can have an opportunity 
to look at it more fully. 
Mr. MASON. say Wednesday. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
now is on taking up the bill for consideration. 
The motion was ao•reed to. 
Mr. KENNEDY. move to make it the 
special order for Wednesday at one o'clock. 
The motion was agreed to. 
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1860. 
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS. 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, 1 move that the 
Senate set apart Wednesday and Thursday of 
next week for the consideration of territorial busi- 
ness. W c have had no hearing of our territorial 
business; and it is very important that Congress 
should take some action for Dacotah, for Jéflér- 
son, for Arizona 'Territories, and for the Carson 
I do not pretend to say what we 
Valley people. 
shall press, but I think the territoriui business 
ought to be considered. I move that Wednesday 
and Thursday of next week be set apart for it. 
SEVERAL SENATORS. That •will be Christmas 
week. 
Mr. GREEN. If the Senate do not take it up 
then, they will give me some other day. 
The motion was agreed to. 
CLAIMS AGAINST MEXICO. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F00T in 
If there be no further busincss for 
the chair.) 
the morning hour, the bill (S. No. 112) to fur- 
ther carry out lhc provisions of the fifteenth sec- 
tion of the treaty between the United States and 
Mexico, concluded on the 2d day of February, 
1848, which was under consideéation at the last 
is now befin•e the Senate as in 
morning hour, 
Committee of the Whole, the pending question 
being on the amendment of the Senator from New 
Hampshire [Mr. HALE] to insert, as an addi- 
tional section, the following: 
vend be it further enacted. 'I'hat this act shall not take 
effect until the public debt of the United States shall have 
been paid. 
Mr. IVERSON. i propose to make a very 
brief statement of this bill, and then let the Senate 
decide upon it. MT hen it was up for considera- 
tion before, the Senator from Louisiana, not now 
in his place, [Mr. SLIDELL,] made some remarks 
in relation to the bill itself, and the claims that 
he supposes are covered it; and the Senator 
took occasion to say that by the treaty between 
the United States and Mexico, the United States 
agreed to pay to Mexico $15,000,000 for certain 
territory ded Mexico to the United States, 
and that that had all been paid. I do 
not suppose the Senator intended to niisrepresent 
the facts of the case, and hc made this statement 
through mere inadvertcnce. However, his remark 
would lead a person not conversant with the facts 
to believe that the United St.ates had paid to the 
Republic of Mexico in cash, and that 
this #3,250,000 was a different, an outside matter, 
which the Government of the United States was 
not called upon to respond to. That, however, 
'i'he United States did agree 
is a oreat mistake. 
to pay to the Government of Mexico $15,006,000 
as a consideration for the cession of the territory. 
Of that sum, $3,250,000 were seb apart by the 
treaty, with the consent of Mexico, to pay claims 
of Ahnerican citizens atyainst the Governrncnt of 
Mexico. The whole therefore, have 
not been paid. All was paid to the Republic of 
Mexico with the exception of the $3,250,000; 
and that sum, as I have said, vvras set apart by 
the Republic of Mexico in this treaty to pay the 
claims of the citizens of the United States against 
that Government, the Government of the United t 
States undertaking to pay those claims out of the 
$3,250,000, and to release the Government of 
Mexico from all obligation to pay those private 
claims. 
Under the provisions of the treaty a commis- 
Sion was established for the purpose of ascertain- 
ing those claims, and paying them out of these 
$3,250,000. 'That commission sat in this place, 
and a large amount of claims svere adjudicated 
But• there remains of the fund of 
ai')d paid. 
$3,250,000 thus set apart by Mexico to pay the 
claims of individual citizens of the United States, 
#211,000, now in the '1' reasury. I therefore stated 
the case correctly when I said, the other day, that 
this was the money of Mexico, deposited in the 
United States Treasury to pay certain claims of 
citizens of the United States. The $3,250,000 was 
a part of the $15,000,000 which this Government 
NEw SERIES.....NO. 7. 
•agreed to pay to Mexico for -the. cession of ter- 
ritory; and Mexico appropriated the $3 250,000 
to pay the claims of United States citizens. Of 
course, therefore, the $3,250,000 was a fund be- 
longing to the Republic of Mexico, Which she 
placed as a trust fund in the hands of this Gov- 
ernment to pay the debts due to our citizens; and 
the whole $3,250,000 is justly due to such citi- 
zens of the United States as may have just and 
honest claims against the Government of Mexico. 
Now. sir, as I understand—and that is the 
foundation of this bill—there were some persons 
who had claims against Mexico, who did not pre- 
sent them to the original commission. One of 
these is a claim now held by the heirs of General 
Robinson, which has been before the Committee 
on Claims, and has been investigated and decided 
upon unanimously by that committee, on more 
than one occasion, to be a just claim against thé 
Government of Mexico, which ought to be paid. 
That amounts to fourteen, or fifteen, or sixteen 
thousand dollars; but-it v.,ras not presented to the 
original commission for the reason that the heirs- 
at-law in the case were minors, probably, and 
there was no person to represent them. it was 
not presented, and therefore has never been ad- 
judicated by the original board of commissioners, 
or any other commissioners. There is another 
claim, as the committee understand, of the heirs 
of Conunodore Porter—a pretty large claim ; how 
much it amounts to, I do not know. Whether it 
is a just claim or not, I do not know. All can 
say 'is, that it is a claim presented by the repre- 
sentatives of the estate of Commodore Porter; and 
that clailü, we understand, was never presented 
to thé original board of commissioners. There 
is also the Clair}), to which the Senator from Lou- 
isiana alludcd the other day, of Atocha. That is 
a claim existing and pressed. Whether it is a 
meritorious claim or not, I do not undertake to 
say, because I know nothing about it. The Sen- 
ator is opposed to the raising of this commission, 
because that claim may by possibility be adjudi- 
catcd by this board; and he says that it was be- 
fore the old- board originally, and was rejected on 
a question of law. Well, sir, if it was rejected 
on a question of law, it is precluded by this bill, 
and cannot be brought forward as a clann aoainst 
this fund. This bill . provides that only such 
claims shall be adjudicated by this board as were 
not presented to ibe board formerly established; 
or if presented, were not decided on their merits. 
Now, sir, there may be merits of law as well as 
merits of fact; and if this claim of Atocha was 
overruled by the former board on the ground that 
-that it had 
it was illegal; that it was improper; 
no foundation in law; that it was not embraced 
within the terms of the treaty—then, as a matter 
of course, that is an adjudication which-will be 
in bar of any consideration by this board, so 
that it will do no harm whatever so far as that 
[f, on the other hand, that 
claim is concerned. 
or any other claim has never been properly adju- 
dicated, either for the want of sufficient. proof or 
on any other ground not affecting the merits of 
the claim and the right of tl'le claimant to recover 
froin the Government of Mexico, it seems to me 
nothing more than just and fair that this fund 
should be thrown open to the payment of it. 
was the intention of the parties, both the Amer- 
ican and the Mexican Governments, that all the 
just claims of American citizens against the 
'Republic of Mexico should be paid out of the 
$3,250,000, if it was suffcient to pay them. 
Now, sir, if there be any just claims, any other 
meritorious claims that have not been paid, cer- 
tainly every principle of fairness and justice would 
require that this fund w)lich is in the Treasury 
of the United States, put there by Mexico for the 
express purpose of paving the just claims of our 
citizens, should be appropriated to the payment 
of thorn. 
I make this brief statement; it is all I have to 
I trust the amendment will 
say about the bill. 
not prevail, and that the original bill will pass. 
At any rate, I must insist on the Senate making 
an adjudication of the question, and deciding it 
