1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
ligent afterwards to come in? Besides, they had 
public notice further from the action of the spe- 
Cial committee of the Senate in 1852—53, that 
they would be heard if they came in then; and 
onc of the very questions before that committee 
was whether there had been, in the conduct of 
the commission, such negligence or such dis- 
regard of the frights of American citizens as to 
justify the recommendation of anew commission, 
and the committee decided unanimously against 
that; but they reported in favor of special action 
in two claims. I can say, for myself, that I ex- 
amined evcry petition personally, read them all 
at tho cost of weeks and months of labor, and I 
am sure I am not wrong as to the facts, and that 
the decision of thecommittee was, as I mentioned, 
that there was no ground prcsentcd to them from 
any source whicÅ would either justify or require 
the United States to establish a new commission. 
That was in 1853. 
sir, is not this a suffcient answer to the 
argument of the honorable Senator from Georgia ? 
He assumes the fact that the $3,250,000 was ap- 
propriatcd by Mexico out of the $15,000,000 we 
had agreed to pay her. He is mistaken, I think; 
clearly mistaken. Article thirteen stipulates ex- 
pressly for the payment to the Government of 
Mexico of in cash and 
It has been all 
the rest in annual installments. 
paid. The matt.cr of claims is totally distinct. 
The is a mere limitation. we had 
exonerated Mexico from all the claims of our cit- 
izens, which the Government had the power to do; 
and in consideration of that we aqrreed that if 
those claims were presented to a board created 
under our laws, and adjudicated in favor of the 
claimants, we would pay them to the cxtent of 
$3,250,000; and yet the claims prescntcd and al- 
How docs 
lowed did not amount to that sum. 
that make the residuc belong to Nlexico? Sup- 
ose. thc claims presented had amounted to but 
1,000,000: is that any reason why you should 
pay subsequclit claims which thc parties chose 
to neglect t-o present before the board of comnois- 
If you do it 
sioners? 'W herc must this reach ? 
in this case, why should you refuse to do it ill) 
the case of the treaty with Spain of 1819? Why 
refuse to do it in the case of the trcaty with 
France of 1833? There is scarcely a treaty we 
have necrotiated in reference to the payment by 
the United States of claims of their citizens against 
a foreign country in which there is not a •limita- 
tion of the amount that we agree to pay; and in 
all those cases, if this precedent be established, 
you will be bound to pay, for there is no special 
fund here any more than there is ill any other 
In one. or two of the other cases, I think, 
case. 
I think that 
the amount did not roach the limit. 
was the case under the treaty with the Two Si- 
cilies. We have every vayiety of treaties of that 
kind; and under many of them the amount did 
not reachi the limit. MT het,her it did or not would 
be perfectly immaterial, if you establish the prin- 
ciple that you will readjudicatc or rehear them in 
this M..ray. If, after a commission has been ap- 
pointed under a treaty, and the parties have had 
full notice for the purpose of thc presentation of 
their claims, and have neglected to do it, you sot 
the precedent of establishing tuxain a second com- 
mission, why not a third? 'If at the lapse of 
twelve years, why not at the lapse of twenty, 
when all the facts have been,oblitcrated and there 
is no power on the part of the Government to get 
at them? 
I bmit, Mr. President, that there is no ground 
for the passagc of this bill to provide for these 
claims which have had a privilege that, I believe, 
in no other case have claims of this character had 
accorded to them, of an investigation, by a special 
committee, of the entire proceedings of the board 
of commissioners under the treaty with. Mexico, 
with full notice published through the country 
that persons rnight comc in and niakc their com- 
Now, sir, what is it of which gentlémen com- 
missioners? If I could suppose that this money 
plain? When I left my home in the-West to come 
belonged to Mexico, that It was a special fund 
to this place , ail was calm, cheerful, and contemted. 
held by the United States which did not bclong 
I heard of no discontent. -I apprehended that 
t.o us, nor form part of our regular assets, it would 
there was nothin(r 10 interrupt the hauhnonious 
be a difli2renl question. I think, however, that 
I did not learn that, 
course of our legislation. 
if any Senator will examine the treaty, he cannot 
since we adjourned from this place at the end Of 
but come to the conclusion that the $3,250,000 is 
the last session, there had been any new fact 
a mere limitation on the amount this Government 
intervening that should at all disturb the public 
bound itself to pay. If the claims did not come 
I do not know that there has been any 
mind. 
to that amount, it was only bound to pay the 
encroachment upon the rights of any section of 
amount of the adjudication; and if they exceeded 
the country since that time; I came here, therefore, 
that amount, it was only to pay to that extent. 
expecting to have a very harmonious session. It 
FLORIDA CLAIMS. 
is very true, sir, that the great Republican party 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes the 
which has been organized ever since you repealed 
duty of the Chair at this hour to call up the 
the Missouri compromise, and who gave you, four 
special order, which is the. resolution of the Sen- 
years ago, full warning that their growing strength 
ator from Kentucky [Mr. POWELL.] The Chair 
would probably result as it has resulted, have 
further announces to the Senate that there is an- 
carried the late elccticw but I did not suppose 
other special•order which takes precedence at this 
that would disturb "the &quanimity of this body. 
hour, and must first be disposed of, and that is 
I did suppose that every man who was observ- 
the bill (S. No. 230) declaratory of the acts for 
ant of the of the times might well see that 
things woulä result precisely as they have rc- 
carrying into effect the ninth article of the treaty 
between the United States and Spain. 
sulted. Nor do I understand now that anything 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 do not desire interfere 
growing out of that election is the cause of the 
with the privilece of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. 
present excitement that pervades the country. 
WADE] to go on¯with the debate upon the resolu- 
Why, Mr. Prcsidcnt, this is a most singular 
Lion of the Senator from Kentucky to-day; and 
statc of things. Who is it that is complaining? 
as the Senator from Florida, [Mr. M ALLORY,I 
They that have been in a minority? They that 
who takes a deep interest in the bill just referred 
have been the subjects of an oppressive and ag- 
is not present, I move to post- 
gressive Government? No, sir. Let us•suppose 
to by the Chair, 
pone that bill, and make it the special order for 
that when the leaders of the old glorious Revo- 
the first M/ ednesday in January; or, perhaps, I 
lution met at Philadelphia eighty-four years ago 
shoukd say the Wednesday after Congress reas- 
to draw up a bill of indictment against a wicked 
sembles subsequent to thc holidays—say the sec- 
King and his ministers, they had been at a loss 
what they should •set forth as the causes of their 
ond Wednesday in January. 
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was made 
complaint. They had no difficulty in setting 
the special order for Wednesday the 9th of Jan- 
them forth so that the great article of impeach- 
ment will go down to all posterity as a full justifi- 
uary. 
cation of all the acts thcy did. But let us sup- 
STATE OF UNION. 
pose that, instead of its being these old patriots 
The Senate rcsumed the consideration of the 
who had met there to dissolve their connection 
following resolution of Mr.PowELL, as modified 
with the British Government, and to trample, 
bv him on the 10th instant: 
their flag under foot, it had been the ministers of 
Resolved, That so nutch of the President's messaøe as 
the Crown, the Icading mcrnbers of the British 
relates to the present agitated and distracted condition of 
Parliamcnt, of thc dominant party that had ruled 
the country, and the grievances between t.he slaveholding 
and the non-slaveholding States, be refin•rcd to a special 
Great Britain for' thirty years previous: who 
cmnmittee of thirtee.n me!nbers; and. that said committee 
would not have branded every man of them as a 
be, instructed to inquire into the present condition of the 
traitor? It would be said: You who have had the 
country, and report by bill or otherwise. 
Government in your own hands; you who have 
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, at a time like 
boon the ministers of the Crown, advising every- 
this, when tbcrc seems to be a wild and unrea- 
thing that has been done, set up herc that you have, 
sonino• excitemey:t in many parts of the country, 
been oppressed and aggrieved by the action of 
I certainly havo very little faith in the c{hcacy of 
that very Government which you have directed 
any argument that may be made; but at the same 
Instead of a sublime revolution , the 
yourselves." 
time, I must say, when I hear it stated by many 
uprising of an oppressed people, ready to battle 
Senators in this Chamber, where we all raised our 
against uncqual power for their rights, it would 
hands to Heaven, and took a solemn oath to sup- 
have been an act of treason. 
port the Constitution of the United States, that 
How is it with the leaders of this modern rev- 
we are on the eve ofa dissolution of this Union, 
olution? Aro they in a position to compEain of 
and that the Constitution is to be trampled under 
the action of this Government for years past? 
foot—silence under such circumstances seems to 
they have had more than two thirds 
Why, sir, 
me akin to treason itself. 
of the Senate for many years past, and until very 
I have listened to the complaints on the other 
recently, and have almost that now. You—who 
side patiently, and with an ardent desire to as- 
complain, I ought to say—represent but a -tittlc 
certain what was the particular difficulty under 
morc than öne fourth of the free people of these 
which they were laboring. Many of those who 
United States, and yet your counsels prevail, and 
have supposed themselves acrcn•ieved have spoken ; 
have prevailed all along for at least ten years past. 
but I confess that am now totally unable to un- 
In tbc Cabinet, in the Senate of the United States, 
derstand precisely what it. is of which they com- 
plain. Why, sir, the party which lately ciected in thc Supreme Cou rt, in every department of the 
their President, and are prospectively to come I Government, your offcers, or those devoted to 
into power, have never held an executive offcc you, have been in the majority, and have dic- 
tated all the policies of this Government. 
under the General Government, nor has any indi- 
not strange, sir, that they who now occupy these 
vidual of them. It is most Inanifest, therefore, 
that the party to which I.belong have as yet positions should como herc and complam that 
rights are stric7cen down by tho action of 
committed no act of which anybody can com- 
plain. If they have fears as to the course that we the Government? 
But what has caused this great excitement that 
may hereaftcr pursue, they are mere apprehen- 
undoubtedly prevails in a portion of our coun- 
sions—a Ijare suspicion ; arising. I fear, out of thcir 
try? If the newspapers are to he credited, there 
unwarrantable. prejudices, and nothing c}se. 
I wish to ascertain at thc outset whether wo is a reicrn of terror in all the cities and large towns 
in the southern portion of this community that 
are right; for I tell gentlemen that, if they can 
convince me that i am holding any political prin- looks very much like the reign of terror in Paris 
ciplc that is not warranted by the Constitution 'i during the French revolution. 
'I'here are acts 
plain ts in any respect as regarded the action under 
that trcaty. Yet before that commission no such under which we live, or that trenches upon their of violence that we read of almost every day, 
ctailus v,rere presented as are now mentioned. On riohts, they need not ask me to compromise it. 
what ground is it, then, that you ape to go still I wiEl be ever ready to grant redress, and to right down, where they are sent back with indignities, 
further now, and pay out of the Treasury of the myself whenever I am wrong. No man need I • where they are scourged, tarred, feathered, and 
United States money belonging to the American 
people to those whose claims were at that day 
either so worthless or so unsupported by proof 
that they did not think the evidence suffcient to 
justify them in presenting these claims before 
either a committee of the Senate or board of com- 
approacl) me with a threat that the Government murdered, and no inquiry made as to the cause. 
under which I live is to be destroyed; because I q I do not suppose that the regular Government, in 
hope i have now, and ever shall have, such a times of excitement like these, is really responsi- 
sense of jasticc that, when any man shows me ble for such acts. 
of passion, these terrible cxcitements that some- 
that I am wrong, I shall be ready to right it with- 
times pervade a community, are' entirely litre- 
out pricc or compromise. 
