1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
103 
and most palpable issuc that ever was presented 
to the American people, and one that they under- 
stood the best. There is no mistaking it; and 
now, when we come to the Capitol, I tell you 
that our President and our Vicc President must 
be inaugurated, and administer the Government 
as all •tiieir predecessors have done. Sir, it would 
be humiliating and dishonorable to us if wo were 
to listen to a compromise by which he ho has 
the verdict of the people in his pocket, should 
make his way to the presidential chair. When 
it comes to that, you have no Government; an- 
archy intervenes; civil war may follow it; all the 
evils that may come to the human imagination 
may be consequent upon such a course as that. 
The moment the American peopie cut loose from 
the sheet anchor of free government and liberty— 
that is, wherlever it is denied in this Government 
that a majority fairly given shall rule—the people 
•are unvwot•thy of free governülent. Sir, know 
not what others may do; but I tell you that, with 
the verdict of t.ho people given in favor of the plat- 
form upon which ourcandidates have been elected, 
so far as I am concerned, I would suffer anything 
to come before would compromise that away. 
regard it as a case where I havc no right to ex- 
tend comity or generosity. A riffht, absolute 
right, thc most sacred that a free people can ever 
bestow on any man, is their undisguised, fair 
verdict, that gives him a title to the oflice that he 
is chosen to fill; and hc is recreant to the princi- 
ple of free government who will ask a question 
beyond the fact whether a man has thc verdict of 
the people, or if he will entertain for a motnenta 
It is all I want. 
proposition in addition to that. 
If we cannot stand there, we cannot stand any- 
whcre. Any other principle than that would be 
as fatal to you, my friends, as to us. On any 
other principle, anarchy Illust inuncdiately crnsue. 
You say that hc comes frorn a particular section 
If he is an hon- 
of the country. What of that? 
est man, bound by his constitutional duties, has 
he not as good a right to come from one side as 
the other? Here, gentlemen, we ought to under- 
stand cach other's duties a little. I appeal to every 
candid man upon thc other side, and I put this 
question: if you had ciected your candidate, Mr. 
Breckinridge, although we should have bccn a 
good deal disheartened, as everybody is that loses 
his choice in such a matter as this; although it 
would have been an overthrow that we should 
havc deplored very Inuch, as we have had occa- 
Sion almost always to deplore tbe result of national 
elections, still do you believe that we would have 
raised a hand against the Constitution of our coun- 
try because we werc fairly beaten in an election? 
Sir, I do not believe there is a man on the other 
side who will not do us more credit than to sup- 
pose that if the case were revcrscd, there would 
'I' bere never has 
be any complaint on our side. 
been any frorn us under similar circumstances, 
and there would not bc now. Sir, I think we have 
patriotism enough to overcorne the pride and the 
have no right to yield to any such thing; and 
therefore i would not entertazn a proposition for 
anv compromise; for, in my judgment, this long, 
chi•onic controversy that has existed between us 
must. be met, and met upon the principles of the 
Constitution and laws, and met now. I hope it 
may be adjusted to the satisfaction of all; and I 
know no other way to adjust it, except that way 
which is laid down by t'hc Constitution of the 
United States. Whenever we go astray from 
that, we are sure to plunge ourselves into (liffcul- 
'l"he old Constitution of the United States, 
E ties. 
although commonly and frequently in direct oppo- 
sition to what I could wish, nevertheless, in my 
judgment, is the wisest and best Constitution that 
ever yetorganizcd a free Government; and by its 
provisions 1 willing, and intend, to stand or 
fall. Like the Senator from Mississippi, I ask 
nothing more. I ask no ingrafting upon it. I ask 
nothing to bc taken away from it. Under its pro- 
visions a nation has grown faster than any other 
in the history of the world ever did beforo in pros- 
perity, in power, and in all that makes a nation 
It has ministered to the ad- 
great and glorious. 
vantages of this people; and now I am unwilling 
to add or take away apything till can see much 
clearer than I can now that it wants cithct any 
addition or lopping off. 
There is one othcr subicct about which I ought 
to say something. On t'hat side of the Chamber, 
you claim the constitutionai right, if I understand 
you, to secede from thc Govcrnment at pleasure, 
and sot up an adverse Government of your own; 
that one State, or any number of Staies, have a 
I perfect constitutional right to do it. Sir, I can 
find no warrant in the Constitution for any doc- 
trine like that. In rny judgment, it would be sub- 
If this is 
versive ot ali constitutional obligation. 
so, we really have not now, and never have had, 
a Government; for that certainly is no Govern- 
ment of which a State can do just as it pleases, 
any more Lhan it would be of an individual. How 
can a rnan be said to be governed by law, if he 
will obey the law or not just as hc sees fit? 
puts you out of the pale of Government, and re- 
daces this Union of ours, of which we have all 
boasted so much, to a mere conglomeration of 
States, to be held at the will of any capricious 
member of it. As to South Carolina, will say 
that she is a small State; aild probably, if she 
were sank by an earthquake to-day, we would 
hardly ever find it, (Hit, except by the unwonted 
harrnony that might l')rcvail in this Chamber. 
[Laughter.] But I think she. is unwise. i would 
bc willing that she should go her own gait, pro- 
vided we could do it without an cxtunple fatal to 
all government; but standing here in the highest 
council of the nation, my own wishes, if had 
any, ruust bc under the control of my constitu- 
tional duty. 
I do not. sce how any *nan can contend that a 
State can out of this Union at pleasure, though 
I do not propose now to argue that question, be- 
prejudice of the. canvass, and submit gracefully cause that has been done by men infinitely morc 
to the unmistakable verdict of the pcoplc; and as I able to argue it than I am. When it was raised 
some thirfy years ago, and challenged the investi- 
I have shov,xn that you have nothing else to com- 
gation of the best minds of this nation of all par- 
plain of, I take it that this is your complaint. 
Some of you have said that the election of Mr II ties, it received a verdict that J. supposed had put 
Lincoln showed hostility to you and your insti- 
tution. Sir, it is the common fate of parties to I eminent men that surrounded him in his Cabinet, 
differ, and one does not intend to follow exactly and in thc councils of thc nation, with hardly any 
the course of policy of the other; but when you exception, except Mr. Calhoun, held that. the 
talk of constitutional rightsand duties, lionest men doctrine was a delusion, not to be found in the 
will observe them alike, no matter to what party Constitution of the United States; and not only 
so, but utterly destructive of all Governments. 
they belong. 
I say, then, that so far as I am concerned, I Mr. Calhoun 'held the contrary. Mr. Webster, 
Ido not come here in his great contt•ovcrsy with Mr. Hayne upon 
will yield to no compromise. 
that subject, was supposed to have overthrown 
begging, either. It would be an indignity to the 
him, even upon nullification, so utterly, that it 
people that I represent if I were to stand here 
i was believed at tho time that the doctrine could 
parleying as to the rights of the party to which 
f belong. We have won our right to the Chief never arise or sprout up again. But here it is to- 
Magistracy of this nation in the way that you day in full bloom and glory: a State has a right 
have always won your predominance; and if you to secede. Mr. Calhoun did not hold so. He 
held that a State had a right to nullify a law of 
are us willing to do justice to others as to exact 
it from them, you would never raise an inquiry Congress that they believed to be unconstitutional. 
as to a committee forcompromises. Here I beg, I He took that distinction between the power of 
barely for myself, to say one thing more. Many I a State to nullify a law of Congress and seces- i precisely in the same. way and to the same extent 
of you stand in an attitude hostile to this Govern- sion. Grounding herself upon the resolutions of 
ment; that is to say, you occupy an attitude W 1798—99, he held that a State, in her, sovereign 
where you threaten that, unless we do •se and so, capacity', judging in the last resort as to whether 
you will go out of this Union and destroy the a lax,v was warranted by the Constitution or not, 
I say to you, for myself, that, in must be the sole judge of the infraction oc the 
Government. 
my private capacity, I never yielded to anything Constitution by the enactrnent of a law, and also 
by way of threat, and in my public capacity I of the mode of remedy. 
In that, he hardly had 
a second at t.hat period. But when you come-to 
the doctrine of secession, he himself says that 
that is not a constitutional remedy.' He did not 
treat it as such. Nay, sir, he goes much further 
than the President of the United States has gone 
in his Inessage, in which he deciares that the 
United States has no power to make war upon a 
seceding State. Mr. Calhoun says we undoubt- 
I edly have that power. One remedy he calls peace- 
able and constitutional, and the other not. I have 
not the book with me; I intended to have brought 
it, but forgot it; but you will find this doctrine 
laid dourn in his famous letter to Governor Ham- 
ilton, taking and working out the distinction be- 
tween peaceable nullification and secession, that 
puts an end to all the relationship between the 
General Govcrnment and thc State, and enables 
the General Government, if they see fit, to declare 
war upon such a State. Therefore I take. it that 
a Stato has no constitutional right to go out of this 
Government. 
I acknowledge, to the fullest extent, the right 
of revolution, if you may call it a right, and the 
destvuction of the Government under which we 
live, if wc are discontented with it, and on its 
ruins to ercct another morc in accordance with 
our wishes. I believe nobody at this day denies 
the right; but they that undertake it, undertake it 
with this hazard: if they are successful, then all 
is right, and they are heroes; if they are defeated, 
they are rebels. That is the character of all rev- 
if successful, of course it is well; 
olution: 
successful, then the Government from which they 
have rebelled treats them as traitors. 
1 do not say this because I apprehend that any 
party intends to make war upon a seceding State. 
I only assert their right from the nature of the 
act, if they see fit to do so; but I *.vould not ad- 
I should be very tender of 
visc nor counsel it. 
the rights of a people, if I had full power over 
them, who are about to destroy a Government 
which they deliberately come to the conclusion 
they cannot live under; but I am persuaded that 
the necessities of our position compel us to take 
a more austere ground, and hold that if a State 
secedes, although we will not make war upon 
her, we cannot recocynize her right to be out of 
the Union, and she is not out until she gains the 
consent of the Union itself; and that the Chief 
Magistrate of the nation, be who he may, 
will find under the Constitution of the United 
States that it is his sworn duty to execute the law 
in every part and parcel of this Government; that 
he cannot be released from that obligation; for 
there is nothing in the Constitution of the United 
States that would warrant him in saying that a 
single star has fallen frorn this galaxy of stars in 
the Confederacy. He is sworn not to know that 
a State has seceded, or pay the least respect to 
their resolutions that claim they have. What 
follow's? Not that we would make war upon her, 
but we should have to exercisc every Federal 
right over her if we had the power; and the moét 
important of these. would be the collection of the 
revenues. There are many rights that the Fed- 
eral Government exercises over the States for the 
peculiar benefit of the people -there, which,. if 
they did not want, they could dispense with. If 
thcy did not want the mails carried there, the 
President might abolish the offices, and cease to 
r I'hey might forego any such 
carry their mails. 
duty peculiarly . for the benefit of the people. 
Fl"hey might not clect thcir offcers and send them 
here. It is a privilege they have; but we cannot 
force them to doit. 'I'hey have the right under the 
Constitution to be represented upon equal terms 
with any other State; but if they see fit to forego 
that ricrht, and do not claim it, it is not incum- 
-bent upon the President to endeavor to force 
them to do an act of that kind. 
But when you come to those duties which im- 
pose obligations upon them, in commoh with the 
ot.her members of the Confederacy, he cannot be 
released from his duty. Therefore, it will be in- 
cumbent on the Chief Magistrate to proceed to 
collect the revenue of ships entering their ports, 
that he does now in every other State of the Union. 
We cannot release him from that obligation. 
The Constitution, in thunder tones, demands that 
he shall do it alike in the ports of every State. 
I What follows? Why, sir, if he shuts • up the 
ports of entry so that a ship cannot discharge her 
cargo there or get papers foie another voyage, then 
