104 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 17, 
ships will cease to -trade; or, •if he undertakes to 
blockade her, and thus collect it, she has not 
gained her independence by secession. W hut 
must she do? If she is contented to -live in this 
equivocal stqte all would be well, perhaps; L?ut 
she coald not live there. No people in the world 
could live in that condition. -What will they do? 
They must take the initiative and declare war 
upon the United: States; and the moment that they 
!evy war force must be met by force; and they 
must, therefore, hew out their independence by 
violence and war. There is no other way under 
the Constitution, that I know of, whereby a Chief 
Magistrate of any politics could be released from 
this duty. If this State, though seceding, should 
declare var acainst the United States, I do not 
suppose there is a lawyer in this body but what 
'.vould say that the act of levying war is treason 
against the United States. That is where it re- 
suits. We might just as well look the matter right 
in the face. 
The Senator from Texas says—it is not exactly 
his languace—we will förce you to an ionomin- 
ious treaty up in Faneuil Hail. Well, sir, you 
may. We know you are brave; we understand 
your prowess; we want no fight with you; 
nevertheless, if you drive us to that necessity, wc 
must use all the powers of this Government to 
maintain it intact its integrity. If we aro over- 
thrown, we but share thc fate of a thousand other 
Governments that have been subverted. If you 
are the weakest, then you must ko to the wall; 
and that is all there is about it. 
'I'hat is the con- 
dition in which we stand, provided a State sets 
herself up in opposition to the General Govern- 
men t. 
I say that is the way it seen-is to rne, as a law- 
1 see no power in thc Constitution to re- 
Y er. 
lease a Senator from this position. Sir, if there 
was HI') y other, if there was an absolute right of 
secession in the Constitution of the United States 
when we stepped up there to take our oath of 
offce, why was there not an exception in that 
oath? Why did it not ran " that we would sup- 
port the Constitution of the United Statcs unlcss 
our State shall secede before our term was out? 
Sir, there is no such immunity. 'I'here is no way 
by which this can be done that I can conccive of, 
except it is standing upon the Constitution of the 
United States, demanding equal justice for all, 
and vindicating the old flag of the Union. idVe 
must maintain it, unless we are cloven down by 
superior force, 
well, sir, 
it may happen that you can make 
your x.vay out of the Union, and that, by levying 
war upon the Government, you may vincllcate 
your. right to indepel')dence. If* you should do 
so, I have a policy in my mind. No man would 
regret more than myself that any portion of the 
people of these United States should think them- 
selves impelled, by grievances or anything else, to 
depart out of this Union, nnd raise a foreign flao• 
17 
and a hand against the General Government. 
there svas any just cause on God's carth that I 
could see that was within my reach, of honorable 
release from any such pretended grievance, they 
should have it; but they set fort,h none; can sce 
none. It is all a matter of prejudice, superin- 
duced unfortunately, I believe, as I intilnatcd 
before, mot•c because you have listened to the 
enemies of the Republican party and what they 
said of us, while, from-your intolerance, you havo 
shut out ali light as to what our real principles 
arc. We have been called and branded in thc 
North and in the South and everywhere else, as 
John Brown men, as men hostile to your institu- 
tions, as meditating an attack upon your institu- 
tions in your own States—a thing that no Repub- 
lican ever dreamed of or ever thought of, but has 
protested against as often as the question has been 
up; but your people believe it. No doubt they 
believe it because of the terrible excitcmcnt and 
reign of terror that prevails there. No doubt they 
think so, but it arises from fhlse information. or 
the want of information—that is all. Their pre- 
judices have been appealed to until they have be- 
come uncontrolled and uncontrollable. 
Well, sir, if it shall be so; if tfiat " glorious 
Union," as we, all call it, under which the Gov- 
ernment has so long lived and prospered, is now 
about to come to a final end„ as perhaps it may, 
I havc bccn looking around to see what policy 
ivo should adopt; and through tha_t gloom •which 
has been mentioned on the other side, if you will 
have it so, 1 still see a glorious future for those 
who stand' by the old flag of the nation. There 
lie the fair fields of Mexico all before us. The 
people there are prejudiced against you. They 
fear you intend to overrun and enslave them. 
You are a slavery propaganda, and you are fili- 
busters. That has raised a violent antagonism 
between you and thcm. But, sir, if we were 
once released from all obligation to this institu- 
tion, in six months they would invite us to take 
a protectorate over them. They owe England a 
large debt, and she has been coaxing and inviting 
us to take the protectorate of that nation. They 
will aid us in it; and I say to the commercial 
men of the North, if you go along with me, and 
adopt this policy, if we must Come to this, you 
will bc scvcn-fold indemnified by the trade and 
commerce of that country for what you lose by 
the secession. Talk about eatine ice and granite 
in the North! Why, sir, Great Britain now car- 
pies on a commerce with Mexico to tho amount 
of nearly a hundred million dollars. How much 
of it do we get? Only about eight million. Why 
so? Because, by our treatment of Mexico, we 
have led them to frar and to hatc us; and they 
have been compelled, by our illiberal policy, to 
place themselves under the shadow of a stronger 
nation for their own protection. 
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. DOUGLAS] and 
my colleague [Mr. PUGII] have said that we Black 
Republicans were advocates of negro equality , and 
that we wanted to build up a black government, 
Sir, it will be one of the most blessed ideas of the 
times, if it shall come to this, that we will make 
inducements for every free black among us to find 
his home in a morc concrcnial climate in Central 
America or in Lower Mexico, and we will bc 
divested of every onc of them; and then, endowed 
with tbc splendid domain that we shall get, we 
will aßopt a homestead policy, and we will invite 
the po-or, the destitute, industrious wl)ito man from 
every clime under heaven, to come in thero and 
make his fortune. So, sir, we will build up a 
nation , 
renovated by this process, of white labor- 
ing men. You may build yours up on compulsory 
servile labor, and the two will flourish side by 
side; and we shall very soon see whether your 
principles, or that state of society, or ours, is the 
i Inight say, Sir, 
Inost prosperous or vicrorous. 
that, divcstcd of this illstitution, who doubts that. 
the provinces of Canada would knock at our doors 
in n day? Therefore, my friends, we have all the 
elemenis for building up an empire—a Republic, 
founded on the great principles of the Declaration 
of Independence, that shall be more magnificent, 
morc powerful, and more iust than this world has 
ever seen at any othcrpefiod. I do not know that 
I should have a single second for this policy ; but 
it is a policy that occurs to me, and it reconciles 
ine in some measure to the threatened loss or 
secession of these Slates. 
But, sir, I am for maintaining tho Union of 
these States. i will sacrifice everything hut honor 
to maintain it. 'That glorious old flag of ours, by 
any act of mine, shall never cease to wave over 
the intem•ity of this Union as it is. But if they 
will not -have it so, in this new, renovated Gov- 
ernment of which I have spoken, the 4th of July, 
with all its glorious nnemories, will never be re- 
I pealed. T hc old flag of 1776 will be in our hands, 
and shall float over this nation forever; and this 
Capitol, that some gentlemen said would be re- 
served for the southern republic, shall still be 
the Capitol. 
It was laid out by Washington; It 
was consecrated by l')im•, and the old flag that he 
vindicated in the Revolution shall still float from 
the Capitol. [Applause in the galleries.] 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sergeant- 
at-Arms will take proper measures to preserve 
order in the gallery or clear it. 
Mr. WADE. i say, sir, 1 stand by the Union 
of these States. Washington and his compatriots 
fought for that good oldülacr. 
It shall never be 
hauled down, but shall be thé glory of the Gov- 
ernment to which I belong, as long as my life 
President, although it may be assailed by traitors 
on every side, by the grace of God, under its 
shadow I will die. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, obtained the 
floor. 
Mr. LATHAM. s,Vith the permission of 
Senator from Tennessee, I move the Senate do 
now adjourn. 
Mr. MASON. Will the that 
motion, for an executive session ? 
Mr. LATHAM. Certainly; 1 withdraw it for 
that purpose. 
EXECUTIVE SESSION. 
Mr. MASON. I now' move that the Senate 
proceed to the consideration of executive busi- 
ness. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro- 
cceded to the consideration of executive business; 
and after some time spent therein, the doors were 
reopened, and the Senate adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
MONDAY, December 17, 1860. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by Rev. JOHN CHAMBERS, of Philadelphia. 
The Journal of Thursday last wras read and 
approved. 
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS. 
Mr. GROW. I ask the unanimous consent of 
the House to make thc usual order setting apart 
two days for the consideration of territorial busi- 
I prefer that those days should be before 
ness. 
the holidays, so that if the House adjourn over, 
tl'le Senate can takc up and act upon whatever we 
shall pass. 
I ask the House to set apart Thurs- 
day and Frida of this week. 
Mr. MAYdARD. Before that is done, 1 would 
suggest that it would be better to determine the 
question whether we will or will not adjourn over 
during I-hc holidays. 
Mr. GROW. Whether we adjourn over or not, 
this is a proper time to determine what days we 
will devote for territorial business. 
Mr. MAYNARD. forholidays, 
we '•.vill probably adjourn over from Thursday, 
which is one of the days indicated by the gentle- 
man; but as I dislike to make objection, if no 
other gentleman entertains the same views I do, 
I withdraw mv objection. 
Mr. HUGHES. What days are proposed to 
be set apart? 
The SPEAKER. Thursday ofthis 
week. 
Mr. HUGHES. 1 certainly shall object if 
Friday is embraced in the motion, for thai is the 
day always devoted to the consideration of pri- 
vate business. 
If we transact any business on 
Friday, I insist that we shall devote that day to 
doing justice to private claimants. 
Mr. GROW. Friday has usually been onc of 
the days set apart for territorial business. 
Mr. HUGHES. If the gentleman will indicate 
any other day than Friday, shall not object. I 
would suggest Wednesday and Thursday. 
Mr. GROW. I have no objection to those 
days. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. the 
Committee on Territories been called for bills in 
reference to the 'i'crritories? 
The SPEAKER. That will be the regular 
order of business this mornin€r. 
Mr. GROW. I ask the unanimous consent of 
the House—and to that I suppose there will be 
no objection—to allow the Cornmittee on Terri- 
tories to have thc bills they propose to bavc acted 
upon that day, numbered and printed in the same 
manner as if they had been reported. 
No objection being made, an order to that effect 
was entered. 
MAJOR LL'WIS TALIAFERO. 
Mr. McPHERSON. 1 move that the Com- 
mittee on Private Land Claims be discharged 
shall continue. To maintain it, Washington and from the further consideration of the petition of 
his compatriots fought for liberty and the rights 
of man. And hcrc I will add that my own father, 
although but a humblc soldier, fought in the 
same great cause, and went through hardships 
and privations sevenfold worse than death, in 
order to bequeath it to his children. 
It is my 
inheritance. It was my protector in infancy, and 
the pride and glory of my riper years; and, Mr. 
Major Lewis Taliafero, of Pennsylvania, and 
that, the same be referred to the Committee of 
Claims. 
The motion was agreed to. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House a communication from the Sec- 
