106 
The resolution was read, as follows: 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 17, 
Resolved. That the following amendments be proposed to 
the Constiiution of the Unitea States: 'Phe right of prop- 
erty ili slaves is reco:rnized ; and no law shall be passed, a-ud 
nothing shall be done, to ifnpair, obstruct, or prevent, the 
full and free enjoyment and use of sUÖli tight in any "L'erri- 
tory or other property of the United States. No new State 
shall be ad•nitted into the Union without thc consentoftwo 
thirds of-ail the Inembers of both branches of Congress, and 
the vote shall be taken by yeas and nays, which shall be 
entcwd on the Journal; and every bill Cör such purpose 
Shail be subject to the approval or rejection oC-the President 
of the United States, as in other cases, except that, when 
returned with his objections, it shall require the votes of 
tllfee fourths of all the me:nbers of Congress to pass it 
notwithstanding. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. If that is not in order, 1 
,öb'ect, 
{dr. FLORENCE. I apprehend that) having 
had the consent of the House to (_)flör these propo- 
sitions, it is now too late• to object. They are to 
go to the committee of thiM,YEthrce. 
The SPEAKER. The Chairconsidcrs that the 
consent was (riven merely to have the propositions 
read. IF, therefore, the gentleman from Illinois 
ob'ccts, the ob•cction is in time. 
{dr. LOVE/OY. 1 do object. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Perhaps the. gentleman 
from Illinois did not hear the resolution read. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, did. 
Mr. FLORENCE. TVcll, perhaps it is 
to have it read again, so that the gentleman may 
understand it. 
i ask that it be rcad again. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 object to it. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 ask leave to prcsent cer- 
tain resolutions, adopted by the citizens of Phil- 
adelphia, in regard to the present condition of the 
country, with a view to their refbrence to the 
special committee thirty-three. 
Mr. SHERMAN. This is call of States for 
bills on leave. 
I object to anything else being 
brought forward. 
Mr. FLORENCE. very well; 1 will not. in- 
tcrpose at this stage of the business; but I will 
seek anothcr opportunity to ask for tbc reference 
of thcsc• resoluti0F1s. I understood, however, that 
my resolution was referred. 
The. SPEAKER. No; it was merely read for 
information. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 did ask it to 
for information. I merely suggested most respect- 
Cully to the Chair that the objection of the gen- 
deman from Illinois ',vas not in tilue. 
I expressly 
stat.ed that I desired it to be read with a view to 
its reference to the committee of thirty-three; and 
it was so read. i now subnlit to the Chair that; 
having fulfillcd these functions, so far as the rcadw 
ing is concerncd, the resolution goes to the com- 
mlttce of thirty-three. I think •should be there. 
and I also think that it should receive lhe con- 
currence ofa majority of the committee. 
The SPEAICER. Objection being made, it 
cannot be received. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Then 1 shall take occasion, 
with the perrnission of the Chair, to ask its refer- 
cnce at another time. 
SPEAKER. Thc Chair that another 
opportunity will be offered to the gentleman. 
LOUISIANA LAND CLAIMS. 
Mr. TAYLOR introduced a bill authorizing 
floats to issue in satisfaction of claims against the 
United States for lands sold by thern within the 
Las Ormio•as and Lackawan grants, in the State of 
Louisiana; which was read a first and second 
time, and referred to the Committee on Privatc 
Land Claims. 
RIGHTS OF CITIZENS OF Tl-lß UNITED STATES. 
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, introduced a bill 
more effectually to protect the righ ts of citizens of 
the United States. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Let the bill be read for 
information. 
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I move its rcfbr- 
ence to the s ecial commit.tee of thirty-three. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 ask that it first. read 
for information. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Ifthe object be to 
make this thing uniform, I satisfied; I have 
resolutions on the same subject which wish to 
The bill was read. It provides that any State 
court or judge thereof, or officer, citizen, 'or in- 
habitants of any of the United Ståtcs or 'Territo- 
ries, or any person whatever, who shall hereafter 
enforce, or attempt to enforce, any law passed by 
any of the States or Territories of the United 
States making it a penal offense for any of the 
citizens of such State or Territory to assist in the 
capture and rendition of any fugitive slave, shall 
for every such offönse be subject to and suffer the 
same penalties prescribed b' the seventh section 
of the act approved 18th September, 1850, to 
amend and supplemental to the act entitled " An 
act respecting fugitives from justice and persons 
escaping from the service of their masters; ap- 
proved 12th February, 1793. 
The second section provides that, if any county, 
city, or town, within the jurisdictional limits of 
which any of the provisions of the first section 
of this act, or the provisions of the aforesaid act 
approved 18th September, 1850, shall hereafter be 
violated) by reason of which any master or owner 
of a slave shall bc in any wise injured thereby, 
such county, city, or town, shall pay to the master 
or owner of such sluvc double thc arnount of dam- 
ages sustained by such master or owner of such 
slave, to be recovered by action in any of the State 
or Federal courts in the United States. 
T hc third section enacts that any person or 
persons whatever, who shall violate that part of 
the second section of the fourth article of the Fed- 
era) Constitution giving to citizens of cach Statc 
all the privileges and immunities of citizens of the 
several States, or who sha!l be found guilty of 
inflicting summary punishment upon any citizen 
of the United States without duc process of law, 
shall, in like manner, be liable to double dam- 
no•es•, arid the county, cit.y, or town, within which 
tbc stunc shall bc perpetrated , shall in like manner 
be liable to the penalty of double damages; pro- 
vided the samc be not necessary to prevent, sup- 
press, or repel invasions or insurrections. 
The bill was referred to the select committee 
of thirty-three. 
ENROLLED BILL. 
Mr. THEA KER., Committee on En- 
rolle(l Bills, rcportcd that the connnittcc had ex- 
amined and found truly enrolled an act to author- 
izc the issuing Treasury notcs and for other 
purposes; when the Speaker signed the same. 
JUDICIAL EXPENSES IN INDIANA. 
Mr. PORTER introduced a bill 
appropriatincr 
money to the State of Indiana for apartrnents 
furnished by said Stato for the use of the circuit 
and district courts of the United States for said 
State, from 1838 to 1858, inclusive; and for fuel 
and lights furnished to said courts; which was 
read a first and second time, and referred to the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
MARIA W. KINDER. 
Mr. PORTER also introduced a bill for the 
relief of Maria W. Kinder; which was read u 
first and second timc, and referred to the Com- 
rnittec on Invalid Pensions. 
ILLINOIS LAND TITLES. 
Mr. LOVEJOY introduced a bill to ascertain 
and adjust the titles to certain lands in the State 
of Illinois; which was read a first and second 
time, and referred to the Committec on Public 
Lands. 
GABRIEL J. JOIR{STON. 
Mr. NOELL introduced a bill the relief of 
Gabriel J. Johnston; which was read a first and 
second time, and refcrred to the Committee on 
Privatc Land Claims. 
ARSENAL AT ST. LOUIS. 
Mr. BARRET introduced a bill to remove the 
United States arsenal from the city of St. Louis, 
and for other purposes; which was road a first 
and second time, and referred to the Committee 
on Military Affair. 
PONY EXPRESS MAIL. 
Mr. SCOTT introduced a bill authorizing and 
directing the Postmaster General to contract with 
the Pony Express Company for the transporta- 
tion of Government mail Inatter; which was read 
a first and second time, and referred to the Com- 
I mittee on the Post Oflice and Post Roads. 
MILITARY POST IN MINNESOTA. 
Mr. ALDRICH introduced a bili making ap- 
propriations for the construction of a military 
post on or near thc Red River of the North, be- 
tween the forty-seventh and forty-ninth degrees 
of north latitude; which was read a first and 
second time, and referred to the Committee on 
Military Affairs, 
HOMESTEAD BILL. 
Mr. ALDRICH also introduced a bill to secure 
homesteads to actual settlers on the public lands; 
which was read a first and second time, and re• 
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands. 
RIVER IMPROVEMENT. 
Mr. STOUT introduced a bill for the removal 
of obstructions to navigation in thc Missouri and 
Columbia rivers; which was rcad a first and 
second time, and referred to the Committcc on 
Military Affairs. 
OREGON INDIAN DEPREDATIONS, 
Mr. STOUT. As am on the special 
mittee of thirty-throe not,v in session, and shall 
not be in the Hall when 111 y State will be called 
for resolutions, I ask the consent of the House 
to enable me to introducc a resolution, to which 
there will bc no objection, sitnply for the purpose 
of havino• it referred to the Cotmhit,tee on Indian 
Affairs. 
The resolution was read for information, as 
follows: 
Resolved, That the Secretary of War and Secrctary of 
the Interior be requested to report to Congress all 
tion in their possession in relatiori to depredations ccnn- 
rnitted by the Indians in the State of Oregon and the Tec-- 
rity of' Washington during the present year, and csppcially 
in relation to Illc late Inassacre of' crnigratlts by the Snake 
River Indians; also, the relation now existing between this 
Governrncnt and said Snake River Indians. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 suppose there is no ne- 
cessity for the reference of that resolution. 
merely a call for information. 
I would suo•rrcst 
that tbc gentlcman add a provision that no addi 
tional force shall bc employed by the Department 
in furnishing t.hc information, and then that the 
resolution be adopted. 
Mr. S'110UrI'. I should be very willing to in- 
sert the amendment suggested by the gentleman 
from Goorffia•, but havino• received thccourlcsv of 
the I-louse to introduce the resolution for rcfüet•- 
et')cp, dislike to ask a further indulgence for its 
passaøe. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 hope the resolution will 
be modified as I have suggested, and passed. 
'l'here beine no objection, the resolution was 
accordingly modified, and adopted. 
PUGET SOUND DEFENSES. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, introduced a 
bill for the defense of Puget sound and the en- 
trance of the Columbia river; which was read a 
first and second time, and referred to the Com- 
mittee on Military Affairs. 
WASHINGTON MILITARY ROADS. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also intro- 
duced a bill for twe construction of a military road 
in the Territory of Washington; which was read 
a first and second time, and referred to the Com- 
mittee on Military Affairs. 
IMP. STEVENS, of Washington, also intro- 
duced a bill for thc completion of' military roads 
in the Territory of which was read 
a first and second time,' and referred to thc Com- 
mittee on Military Affairs. 
WASHINGTON PUBLIC BUILDINGS. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Mias•hington, also 
duced a bill for the completion of public buildings 
in thc Tetritory of Washington; which was read 
a first and second time, and referred to the 
mittec on Territories. 
KANSAS PUBLIC BUILDINGS. 
Mr. PARROTT introduced a bill ap- 
proprialions for the public buildings in the Ter- 
second tirne, and referred to the Committee on 
Territories. 
EXTINCTION OF TITLE. 
Mr. PARROTT also, by unanimous consént, 
offered the resolution; which was read, 
considered, and agreed to: 
Resolved, 
']'hat the Cmmnjttce on Indian Affairs be in- 
structod to inquire into the expediency o? providing by law 
for Ibe extinction of the title of the Cherokee Indians to 
the tract of country known as the neutral lands lying in 
the 'l'erritory of' Kansas. 
