1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
107 
GEORGE FISHER. 
Mr. EDWARDS: 1 ask the consent of the 
House to submit a resolution merely for the pur- 
pose of reference. 
'l"he resolution was read for information, as 
follows: 
Rcsolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in- 
structed to inquire into the cxpediency of rescinding a res- 
olution relating to the claim of George, Fisher? late of Flor- 
ida, deceased, passed at the first session of the present 
Congress, approved June l, 1860. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 that the res- 
olution Inay be again read. I do not think it is 
understood. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman from Flor- 
ida [Mr. HAWKINs] is not in his seat. 
Ido not 
know the character of the claim which was passed 
upon at the first session of the present Congress. 
I ask the gentleman from New Hampshire to 
postpone the introduction of the resolution until 
some day when the gentleman from Florida will 
be in his seat. 
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 would accede at once to 
the request were it not important that there should 
be immediate progress made in this measure, if 
any progress is to be made at all. 
If the gentle- 
man from Florida were present, I do not think 
that he would ohiect to or oppose the adoption of 
It is a resolution merely of in- 
my resolution. 
quiry; nothing beyond that. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. I merely make the sug- 
gestion to the gentleman who offered the resolu- 
lion, and he can accept it or not, as he pleases. 
Mr. EDWARDS. the resolution will 
be adopted. 
It ought at once to be beiöre the 
Committee on Indian Affairs. 
The resolution was adopted. 
UNITED STATES ARMORIES. 
Mr. DELANO offered the followiüff resolution ; 
which was read, considered, and agreed to: 
Resolved, 'I'hat the Connnitt.ee on Militarv Affairs be in- 
structod to inquire whether the I_Jnitod States artnories at 
Springfield and Ilarpcr's Ferry are nmv or in a con- 
(lition to be worked, up to their full capacity in the fabri- 
cation oCarrns; and whether any plans, estitnates, or recon)- 
Inendatious, looking to the rnore efficient operation of those 
establishments, or either of thetn, have been subinitted to 
the War Departunent; and to report the result of their in- 
quiry at any time. 
UNITED STATES ARMS—WIIDRE DEPOSITED. 
Mr. DELA.NO. I offer the föllowing resolu- 
tion: 
R.esoleed, That the Secretary of War be requested ro fur- 
nish to this House etatelnents showing bow nrany stand of 
arlns 01' the latest standard ntodcl, rnanufactured at the na- 
now in the itnnuediatc custody of the 
t.ional arrnories. arc 
how Inany of 
and "'here deposited ; also, 
United States, 
any intörior *node) are in tbc like• custody, and whcrc de 
bow Inanv arms of the Inanufacturo of the 
posited; also, 
United States arniories, and of what model, have been fur- 
nished to either of the States, or otherwise disposed of, 
since thc 1st ()t' January, 1860, and under what authority. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Before that resolution is 
rcccived, I ask that it bc again read. 
The resolution was acain read. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Are the resolutions under 
this call offered for adoption? 
The SPEAKER. They are; but if there is 
debate on this resolution, it must lie over under 
the rule. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 desire to understand 
more about this resolution than I know at pres- 
cnt, and I think it had better lie over for the 
present. 
Mr. DELANO. I can, in a word of cxplana- 
tion, obviate the gentleman 's objection. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. The from Mas- 
sachusetts calls upon the Secretary of War to 
(Five him the authority under which he has pro- 
cecded, if he has proceeded at all, to dispose of 
any of the arms of' the United States. He asks 
to bc informed what numbers of arms have been 
distributed to certain localities from the Spring- 
The SPEAKER. It is notin order to move to 
suspend thc rules, the hour sét apart for this call 
not yet havirv expired. 
Mr. DELANO. I I,vithdraw the resolution for 
the present. 
UNION. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE offered the following 
preamble and resolutions; which were read, con- 
sidered, and refgrred. to the select committee of 
thirty-three: 
VVhercas a conflict of opinion, dangerous to the peace 
and pennanence of the Union, has arisen concerning the. 
true intent and meaning of the Constitution of the United 
States in relation to African slavery within the Territories 
of the United States; and whereas the opinion of the ma- 
jority of the court pronounced in the Supreme Court of the 
United States, in the Dred Scott ease, detcnnines that the 
citizens of the Unité.d States have an equal ri«r12tM) take 
with thein into the Territories of the United States any 
article of property which the Constitution of the United 
States recognizes as property, and that said Constitution 
recorrnizes slaves as property; and further, that the right 
neither of persons nor of property can be destroyed or im- 
paire(l by either congressional or territorial legislation ; and 
"'hereas such detenninati(jn, while it has been accepted by 
smne as a judicial exposition of the Constitution aiOresaid 
by the supreme judicial tribunal, has by others been re- 
jected as destitute of the törce of a judicial precedent ; yet, 
in view of the probability that. euch opinion will hereafter 
become the reason of decisions of a silniiat• character by 
thc sarne tribunal, and in the hope of averting tbc imtneas- 
urable calmnities which national dissolution threatens: 
'I'herefore, 
Resolved, 'That the opinion of' the nyéot•ity of the Su- 
pr(.nne, Court of the United States, delivered by Ollie? J 
tice 'I'aucy, in the Dred Scott case, should be received as 
the settlement of the questions, under the, Constitution of 
the United States, therein discussed and decided. 
Resolced./'uj-ther, (two thirds of both nouses concurring.) 
'}'hat. the föliowing articles be proposed as an arnendment 
to the Constitution of tho United States, which, when rat- 
ified by conventions in three löurths of the several States, 
shall be vakid as part of such Constitution, namely: Con- 
gress may establish govcrnrnents fbr the 'I'erritories of the 
IJnitcd States ; but any Territory having a population equal 
to the constituency of one mnen)ber of Congress, and hav- 
ing adopted, by a vote of the citizens of the United States 
resident therein, a constitution republican in form, may be 
adnüt.ted by Congress into this Union as a State ; and nei- 
ther Congress nor the people of a Territory, during the 
territorial condition, shall, by legislation or otherwise, an- 
nul or impair thé rights of property recognized by the laws 
of any of the States. 
METROPOLITAN POSTAL DISTRICT. 
Mr. SICKLES offered the following resolution; 
which was read, considered, and agreed to: 
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and 
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of 
establishing a Inetropolitan postal district tor the delivery 
of letters aud newspapers, daily or oftener, within a limit 
ot• twelve Iniles around the City Hall, in the city of New 
York ; and that. said conunittee be authorized to report by 
bitl or otherwise. 
UNION—AGAIN. 
Mr. SICKLES offered the following preamble 
and resolutions; which were read, considered , and 
referred to the select committee of thirty-three: 
Whereas it is represented that one or morc of the States 
have declared, through their executive and legislative au- 
thorities, the desire of such States to reconsider and annul 
their ratification of the Constitution establishing the Gov. 
ernrnent of thc United Staws ; and whereas conflicting 
opinions prevail as to the right of any State to secede from 
the Union ; and whereas it is expedient to prescribe the 
rnode ill which a State may resume its sovereignty with the 
consent of the other States, thereby removing all occasion 
' för the employnnent of forcible Ineans, of constraint, or re- 
sistance, and, at the sanic time, providing additional guar- 
aritees arrainst injustice by ordainintr au effectual, prcnnpt, 
and peaceful rmnedy {Or grievances : 
Be it therefore resolved, That the Congress propose to thc 
several States the followina amendment to the Constitu- 
tion : 
ART. 8. Whenever a convention of delegates, chosen in 
any State by the people thereof, under the reconunendation 
of its Legislature, shall rescind and annul its ratification of 
this Constitution, the President shall nominate, and by and 
with the advice and consent of the Senate shall appoint, 
commissioners, not exceeding three, to confer with the 
duly appointed agents of such State, and agree upon the 
disposition of the public property and territory belonging 
to the United States lying within such State, and upon the 
proportion of the public debt to be assumed and paid by 
such State ; and if the President shall approve the settle- 
field and Harper's Ferry armories during the pres- ment agreed upon by the commissioners, he shall there- 
upon transmit the saene to the Senate, and upon the ratifi- 
ent year; and he also asks to be informed of the 
character of those arms. Now, as to the author- 
ity by which the Secretary of War may have 
done this thing, the gentleman ought himself to 
be informed; and therefore I must object to the 
resolution being taken up for consideration at this 
time. want to havc an opportunity of looking • 
into it. 
Mr. DELANO. 1 move that the rules be sus- 
pended in order that I may introduce the resolu- 
tion. If I am allowcd a word of explanation, I 
can obviate the gentleman 's objection. 
cation thereof by two thirds of the Senators vesent, he shall 
forthwith issue his proc;amation declaring the assent of the 
United States to the.withdrawal of such State from the 
Union. 
Mr. ADRAIN. I offer the following preamble 
and resolution, and rnove that they be adopted: 
iVhereas the Constitution of the United States is the 
supreme law of the land, and its ready and faithful observ- 
ance the duty of all good and law-abiding citizens: There- 
fore, 
Resoh•ed, That we deprecate the spirit of disobedience 
to that Constitution whereyer manifested, and that we 
earnestly recommend the repeal of all statutes enacted by I 
State Legislatures conflicting with, and in violation of, 
that sacred instrument and the laws of Congress made in 
pursuance thereof. 
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays 
upon the adoption of that resolution. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 believe, sir; the 
mornin hour has expired. 
The {PEAKER. It has not•expired. 
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope we shall vote upon the • 
resolution. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 amend. 
ment to offer to that resolution. 
Mr. ETHERIDGE. 1 move ques- 
tion upon the resolution. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 have the 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 respectfully submit that 
the gentleman from New York was upon the 
floor long before the gentleman from tilennessee, 
[Mr. ETHERIDGE,] and addressed the Speaker, 
and that the Speaker, though he may have for- 
it, recoqrnized hirn. 
Mr. 1 demanded 
thc previous question long ago. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANLC. 1 was upon the 
floor. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the 
gentleman from Illinois, and will recognize him 
now if he says he demanded the previous ques- 
tion before the gentleman from New York took 
the floor to offer an amendment. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 think, upon 
flection , that it will bc admitted by every one that 
I proposed, as an amendment 
I had the floor. 
to the resolution, that the personal liberty bills 
and all such resolutions of States wherever passed 
shall be repealed by the-States. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution as it stands 
covers that and everything else. 
Mr. A DRAIN. ihtroduced the resolution, 
and it covers personal liberty bills, and was in- 
tended to reach them. The resolution uses the 
language, " all statutes enacted by State Legis- 
laturcs." I havc no objection to accepting the 
modification suggested 'by tbe gentleman from 
New York; and r do accept his amendment. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The the 
rcsolution accepts the amendment, and I call the 
previous question. 
The SPEAKER. Let us have no confusion, 
The demand for the previous question is upon 
the original resolution. 
Mr. I-IINDMAN. Was not the amendment 
accepted by the mover? 
The SPEAKER. Did the New 
'Jersey accept the modification ? 
Mr. A DRAIN. • I hope gentlemen will retain 
their seats a moment until 1 say a word. 
Mr. STANTON. The question is not debat- 
able. 
Mr. ADRAiN. 
I call the previous question upon the resolution 
as modified. 
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from New 
Jersey has a right to modify his resolution, and 
he has done so. 
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 have accepted the modifica- 
tion . 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want the resolu- 
tion read as modified. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of order. 
I understand thatthe gentleman from Illinois [Mr. 
WASHBURNE] demanded the previous question 
before the resolution was modified; and after the 
previous question has been demanded the gentle- 
man from New Jersey cannot modify his resolu- 
tion. It, must be sunmitted to t.he House as it was 
originally offered. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois 
states to the Chair that he demanded the previous 
question. I ask the gentleman from Illinois if that 
f vvas before the gentleman from New York [Mr. 
COCHRANE] proposed to amend the resolution? 
I think it 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
was about the same time. 
The SPEAKER. Under that statement, t 
Chair decides that the resolution was modified in 
time; and tho pending question is the demand for 
the previous question. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 wish to offer another 
If the gentleman will include, -not 
modification. 
only personal liberty bills, but all other nul_lify- 
ing laws, I shall have no objection; otherwise, I 
shall move to lay the resolution on: ghe table. 
