108 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
17, 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Let the amend- 
ment stand as it is. 
Mr. A DRAIN. I hope therewillbeno objection 
to thc resolution as it is. 
If we are to preserve 
this Union, there must be a spirit of conciliation 
exhibited on all sides. What objection can there 
be now to that resolution as amended by the 
gentleman from- New York? The resolution de- 
clares that. all laws enacted by State Legislatures, 
pcrsonal liberty bills and all, should bc repealed 
If they conflict with the Constitution of the United 
States and the laws of Coogress made in pursu- 
ance -thereof. Does the Republican party ouject 
to such a resolution as that? If they •do, this 
•Union, in my humble judgment, is at an end. 
[Cries of " Read the resolution ! ' 
Mr. BURNETT. Before that is done, 1 desire 
to kno+.,r whether the previous question has been 
called? 
The SPEAKER. It has. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order. 
The previous question was called upon the ori- 
ginal resolution; it never has been demanded upon 
the resolution as amended. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman is 
mistaken. 
Mr. A DRAIN. I demanded the previous ques- 
tion upon the resolution as modified. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen- 
tleman from Illinois is mistaken. The demand 
for the previous question, however, has not yet 
been seconded. 
The resolution, as modified, was then read, as 
follows: 
Whereas the Constitution of the United States is the 
suprenle law of the land, and its ready and Faithful observ- 
ance the duty of all good and law-.abiding citizens : There- 
Rcsolvcd., That we deprecatc the spirit of disobedience to 
that Constitution wherever manifOsted, and that we carn- 
estly recommend a repeal of all statutes, including personal 
liberty bills, so called, enacted by State Legislatures, con- 
flicting with, or in violation of, that sae red instrwnentand 
tbc laws of Congress Inade in pursuancc thereof. 
Mr. GROW. a Ide- 
sire to know if this resolution was introduced 
within the hour fixed for calling States ? 
The SPEAKER. It was. 
Mr. GROW. Then it must be referred with- 
out debate, under the rule. 
Mr. BURNETT. The resolution was received 
by unanimous consent. 
The SPEAKER. The rule will be read on 
that point. 
The 130th rule was read, as follows: 
All tbc States and Territories shall be called for bills 
011 leave and resolutions on each alternate Monday (lurin'T 
each session o? Congress; and, if n&cessary to secure the 
object on sai(l days, all which shall give rise 
to debate. Shall lie over Cor discussion, under the rules of 
thc•llousc already established ; and the whole of said days 
shall be appropriated to bills on leave. and resolutions, until 
all States and 'Derritories are called through." 
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. Un- 
der that rule, this resolution rnust be referred. If 
thc gentleman who offcred it will leave out the 
specification, will put in a spccification of all 
the laws conflicting with the Constitution, I will 
not object to thc resolution. 
Ido object to speci- 
fying a part of the laws referred to, and leavi11(F 
out a specification of the others. 
The. SPEAKER. The question is on second- 
in the demand for the previous question. 
SHERMAN. Icall for the yeas and nays 
on ordering the main question. 
I wish simply 
to add two 01' three words to the and 
then, I believe, it woul(l be voted for unanimously. 
Mr. BRANCH. 'The previous question has 
not been secondod yet. 
The SPEAKER. There can be no demand for 
the yeas and nays on the second for the previous 
question, 'Ithey may be demanded on ordering 
the main question. 
Mr. SHERMAN. That is what 1 desire. 
Mr. GROW. What has become of tho point 
of order which I made? 
The SPEAKER. The Chair it. 
Mr. ADRAIN. That is right, Mr. Speaker. 
Now, 1 hope we shall have a vote upon In y reso- 
lution. The yeas and nays have been ordered 
upon it; and I call for thc vote. 
Mr. WELLS. I call for a division of the res- 
olution. 
The SPEAKER. That can be done after the 
main question is ordered. 
The previous question was then seconded. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now demand the and 
nays on *ordering the main question. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 55; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Allen, 
Thomas-L. Anderson, Wii}ialil C. Anderson, Avery, Barr, 
• Barret, Bocock, Boteler, Boulignv, Branch, Briggs, Brown, 
Burnett., Horace F. Clark, Johu 'B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, 
John Cochrane, Cox, James Craig, Button Craige, Craw- 
ford, Curry, John G. Davis,Dc Jarncttc, Delano, Edmund- 
son, Dnglish, Etheridge, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gar- 
trell', Gilmer, Hale, Ilakl, Hardcman, J. 'Morrison Harris, 
John T. Harris, Ilatton, Hill, Hindman, Ilolman, Houston, 
William Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Fran- 
Kenyon, Kilgore, Killinger, Landrum, 
cis VV. Kellogg, 
Larrabee, Jarnes M. Leach, Leakc, Logan, Longnecker, 
Maclay, Mallory, Charles I). Martin, Elbert S. Martin, 
Maynard, McClernand, McKenty, McKnight, McPherson, 
Millward, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Ed- 
ward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Nixon, Pen- 
dlcton, Peyton, Porter, Pryor, Quarles, Reagan, John II. 
Reynolds, itiggs, James C. Robinson Rufiin, Scott, Seran- 
ton. Sickles, Silnrn.s,Williarn Smith, Williatn N. I-I. Smith, 
Stailworth, Stevenson, Stokes, 'l'hayer, 'I'homas, Vance, 
Verrce, Webster, Wood, VVoodson, and Wright—106. 
NAYS—Mcssrs•. Babbitt, Bealc, Bingham, Blair, Blake, 
Brayton, 13utfinton, Burlingame, Butterfield, Carcy, Carter, 
Case, Colfå„x, Conkling, Duell, Edw•ards, 
Prank, Gooch, Grahaln, Grow 
Farnsworth, Fenton, 
I-lutehins, Irvine, DcVVitt C. Leach, Lee, Looniis, Love- 
joy, McKean, Olin, Paliner, Perry, 'Pettit, 
Potter, Pottle, 
Royce, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, 
William Stewart, 'l'ompkins, Train, 'I'riülble, Vandevcr, 
VVade, Waldronö•Valton, Cadwalader C.VVashburn, Ellihu 
B. VVashburne, Israel Washburn, and Wells—55. 
So the main question was ordered. 
During the roll-call, 
Mr. BARKSDALE (when his called) 
said: Mr. Speaker, the people of Mississippi have 
taken the questions referred to in this resolution 
into their own hands, and will make their own 
decision upon them. So far as I arn concerned, 
sir, I have no proposition for a compromise to 
make and nonc to receive; and hence I have no 
suggestions to offer to the North with reference 
I decline to vote. 
to their personal liberty bills•. 
Mr. SINGLETON (when his name was called) 
said: T"or tl-)0 reasons assigned by my colleague, 
and inasmuch as I do not feel inclined to volun- 
tcct• advice to the northern Statos as to what 
course they should take in regard to their so-called 
personal liberty bills, knowing that they will not 
take it, I decline to vote on this proposition. 
Mr. SHERMAN (when his name was called) 
said: I again ask the House to allow rnc to offer 
an amendrnent inserting the wrords 
and nullify- 
ing laws' 'after the wordk personal liberty bills," 
so that we may all be able to vote for this resolu- 
tion. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 call the gentle- 
man to order, 
Mr. SHERMAN. There can bc no objection 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, we object to 
it. We are voting on the resolution. 
Mr. BURNHAM (who was not within the bar 
when his name was called) asked unanimous con- 
sent. of the Flouso to vote. 
Mr. BURNETT obieéted. 
Mr. BURNHAM. '1 wish to say that if 1 had 
been present, I have voted against order- 
ing the main question, simply for the purpose of 
amending the resolution. 
Mr. KILGORE. I promised the gentleman 
from Ohio, [Mr. FJ'IIF,AKER,] in case a vote was 
taken, to (rive notice that hc is absent upon a com- 
rnittec upon important business, and could not be 
here. 
Mr. NIXON stated that Mr. STRATTON was 
absent on the committee of thirty-three; if pres- 
cnt, he would doubtless have voted {'or the reso- 
lu tian. 
The result of tho vote having been announced 
as above recorded, the question recurred upon 
am•ccing to Mr. ADRAfN'S resolution. 
Mt. ADRAIN. 1 ask for a vole on reso- 
lution. 
Mr. WELLS. 1 call a 
olution. 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman be good 
enough to indicate the division which he desires. 
Mé. WELLS. The resolution embraces two 
distinct propositions. 
Mr. I-INI'TON. I call the yeas and nays 
on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER. They have been already 
ordered. 
Mr. WELLS. I ask .that the resolution be 
divided after the word manifested. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution is not divisi- 
ble. 
Mr. FLORENCE. That division would take 
away the sense of the resolution. The object ot 
the resolution is to declare against these obnoxious 
laws. We all know what an instrume'Ät the Con- 
stitution is, and we know that we ought to ob- 
serve it. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the res- 
olution is not divisible. 
WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Speaker, 
I understand the Chair to decide that the resolution 
is divisible, and I am glad that we are to have an 
opportunity to vote on the different propositions 
contained in it; for while I am in favor of the 
peal Of all laws in conflict with the Constitution 
of the United States, I have not sufficient knowl- 
edge of the personal liberty laws of the States to 
authorize me to sav that they are unconstitutional ; 
and thinking twat the latter clause may contam, by 
I implication, a staten')ent that they are, I cannot 
vote for it; and so if there had been no division, I 
should have been obliged to vote against the res- 
olution. [Cries of " Order ! ' ' 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken. 
The Chair decided the question to be not divisible. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then 1 mast 
vote against tho resolution, although I would bc 
glad to vote forall of it, except that which seeins Lo 
infer the unconstitutionality of the personal liberty 
laws. [Cries of Order ! ' ' " Order!" 
The question wras taken on aa•reeing to the rcs- 
alution; and it was decided in the affirmative— 
yeas 153, nays 14; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Allen, 
Thmnas I). C. Anderson, Ashley. Avery, 
Babbitt, Barr, Barret, Beale„ Binghan), Blair, Blake, Bo- 
coc.k, Boteler, 
Rouii«ny, Branch, Brayton, Brigexs, Brown, 
Bufiinton, 
B uriingame, Burnett, 
Burnhan), Butterfield, 
Carnpbell, Carter, Case, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, 
Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Covodc, Cox, 
.Jmnes Craig, Burton Ct•aige, Crawförd, .10111) G. Davis, 
De Delano, , , Ely, 
F,nglisli, Etheri(lge, Farnsworth, Fenton, Florence, Fouke, 
Fr,ånk, Garnett, Giltner, Gooch, Graharn, Grow, Ilale 
Hard(nnan, J. Morrison Harris, John H art•is, Hatton, 
Ilelrniek, I-I ill, I-lindinau, Holman, Houston, VVilliam How- 
Irvine, Jen kins, Jones, Junkin, 
Iluzhcs, Ilumphrey 
Francis ',V. Kellogg, 
Kenyon, Kilgore, Killir;ger, Land ruin, 
Larrabee, Jaincs M. Leach, Leake, Lee, Logan, Long- 
ncckcr, Loon)is, Lovejoy, Maclay, Mallory, Charle* I). 
iMartin, Eibcrt S. Martin. Maynard, McClet•nand, McKean, 
McKent.y, McKnight, Mél)herson, Millward, Montgmncry, 
Laban 'I'. N:ioorc, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, 
Morris, Niblack, Nixon, Noeli, Olin, Pendleton, 
Pettit, Peyton, 
Porter, Pottlc, Pryor, Qnnrles, Reaga\l, 
John fl. Reynolds, Rice, Riggs, 
Janres C. Robinson, Royce, 
Ruflin, Scott, Scranton, Shérnlan, Sickles, Simrns, 
liam N. I-I. Smith, Spaulding, Stanton, Stevenson, Wii- 
liam Stewart, Stokes, 'I'hayell, Tl'hoznas, Tompkins, 'I'rain, 
Trimble, Vance, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, 
B. Washburne, Webster, Wilson, Wood, YVoodhon, and 
Wright—-153. 
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Carcy, Edwards, Eliot, I-lutchins, 
Potter, Edwin R. Reynolds, Sedgwick, Spinner, 'I'appan, 
Vandever, Cadwalader C. Wasllburn, Israel Washburn, 
and wells—14. 
So the resolution was acrreed to 
During the roll-call, 
Mr. SPINNER (when his name was called) 
said: I would have voted for the original resolu- 
tion, or for the amendment if it had been put in 
without debate; but the I-louse having refused to 
" nullification laws," 
no." 
Mr. VANDEVER (when his was called) 
said: Had the resolution applied to " nullification 
I should have voted for it; 
as it is, vote 
no. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Arc not personal liberty 
bills nullification laws? 
Mr. VANDEVFÆR 
'Phe resolution should 
include any nullification laws. 
Mr. BRANCH. 
I hopc the, gentleman will be 
allowed to specify what nullification laws he 
wishes repealed. 
Mr. BURNHAM stated that Mr. WOODRUFF 
was confined to his room by indisposition. 
The result ot the vote having been announced 
us above recorded, 
A•flr. A.DRAIN moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the resolution was acyreed to; and also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
The question recurred upon aorceii)ff to the 
preamble to the resolution. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded the 
yeas and nays on the premnhle. 
The yeas and nays •,vcre ordered. 
The qåestion was taken; and it was deeidcd 
