110 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 17, 
dent Of the United States in any of the contingen- 
cies now looked forward to. 
Mr. AVERY. Mr. Speaker, if 1 had thought 
that the resolution could be interpreted to mean 
anything like the sanctioning of civil war , it could 
never have commanded my vote. 
The vote was announced as above recorded. 
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the resolution. was adopted; and also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
ADJOURNMENT OVER THE HOLIDAYS. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, obtained the 
floor. 
I rise to a point 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
of order. suppose I can bc heard upon a point 
I know nothing 
of order if upon no other point. 
of the proposition which my colleague has to 
present, but I object to my Republican colleagues 
being allowed to occupy all the time of the House, 
I have a resolu- 
when I am entitled to the floor. 
tion upon which I have been endeavoring to cret a 
vote for a long time, and I am entitled to be reco(Y- 
nized by the Chair to present tllåt resolution. 
I desire to 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
say that I have no objection to tbc proposition of 
my colleague, whenever he can obtain the floor to 
offer it. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois 
will state his point of order. 
Mr.- MORRIS, of Illinois. My point of order 
is this: that ut the cxpiration of the morning hour 
I had the right to call for the regular order of 
f took the floor for that purposc, and 
business. 
I did not aban- 
was recognized by the Speaker. 
don the floor. My colleague, [Mr. Lov'EJ0Y,] 
however, was permitted to prcsent his prol)osi- 
tien, which hus bccn voted upon by the House. 
Now, sir, as tho Speaker well knows, have, been 
trying from day to day to press the resolution 
which I havc in my hand for a vote of tbc House. 
I think I was entitled to the floor when the rcs- 
olution of my colleague was disposed of. My 
other collcaguc, [Mr. WASIIBURNE,] however, 
has been assigned the floor, and now i appeal to 
him whether, as a matter of courtesy, it is not 
due to him to yield to me, and enable me to oflin• 
my resolution. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I will say 
to my colleague that, if ho will allow' me to have 
the resolution which I propose read, if there be 
objection, I will not press the motion to suspend 
the rules until he shall have had an opportunity 
to Rct- his resolution before the House. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question 
I ask thc Chair whether a call of the 
of order. 
States for resolutions is not the regular order of 
business; and whether Illinois has any right to 
bc hoard at this moment? 'The State of Vi'rginia 
has not been called, as yet, for rosolutions; nor 
has any other southern State been called. 
SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the 
gcntlcman from Virginia that it is in order, under 
the rules, t.o move to suspend the rules on this 
day. 'The gentleman from Illinois is therefore in 
order, and his proposition will be read. 
Mr. WASHBURNE's resolution was read, as fol- 
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when t.hc two 
notrscs of Congress adjourn on 'I'hursday next, the 20th 
instant, they adjourn to meet on January 2, 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 object. 
1 shall not 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
now move to suspend the rules, but yield to my 
colletvuc. I give notice, howcvcr, that as soon as 
his resolution is disposed of, I shall endeavor to 
obtain the floor to introduce the resolution which 
has just been read ; and if objection then bc made, 
I will move to suspend the rules. 
UNION. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 1 now 
send up to the Clerk's desk a resolution upon 
which I desire the vote of the I-louse. 
Mr. LANDRUM. to of or- 
I call for the regular order of business. 
der. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must be allowed 
to say to the gentleman from Louisiana that, al- 
though thcse proceedings seem a little irregular, 
yet, under the rules, the House is now procecd- 
ing with the regular order. cf business. [Laugh- 
I am now entitled 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
to the floor, and I do not. yield it to any one, nor 
do I intend to bc cheated out of it.' 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has assigned the 
floor to the gentleman from Illinois, and he will 
submit his proposition. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Yes, sir; the 
floor, and I want to see a fair fight. [Laughter.] 
This House has to-day, by large majorities, rec- 
ommcnded the repeal of the acts of the State Le- 
gislatures, known as personal liberty laws, rec- 
ommending the repeal of the nullification laws, 
and all laws in violation of the Constitution and 
laws of the United States. Now it only remains 
for us to declare our devotion to the union of these 
Slates. 
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 call the gentleman from 
Illinois fo order. 
I do not yield to 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
the gentleman from Mississippi, or to any other 
gentleman. [Laughter and cries of Order ! " 
Mr. HUGHES. Permit me to call the atten- 
tion of the Chair to the question of order before 
I think that while the House is car- 
thc House. 
rying out the regular order of business under the 
130th rule the motion to suspend the rules is not 
in order. 
I decline to yield 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
the floor to the gentleman from Maryland or to 
any other gentleman. I ask that my resolution 
may be read. 
The resolution was read, as follows: 
Resoh:cd hy the Ilouse of Rcprcsentativcs, 'I'hat we prop- 
crly cstilnaté the i:nrnense value of our national Union to 
that we cherish 
our collective and individuak happiness ; 
a cordial, habitual, and itnmovablc attachment to it; t 
we will speak of it as of the palladium of onr political 
safety and prosperity; that we will watch its preservation 
•witli jealous anxiety ; that we will discountenance what- 
ever rnay survacst even n suspicion that it can, in any cvellt, 
be abandoned, and indignantly frown upon the first dawn- 
ing of cvcry attctnpt to alienate any portion of our country 
rest, or enfeeble the sacred tics which now link 
fronl thc 
together the various parts; that Ive regard it as a main 
pillar in the edifice of our real independence, the support 
Of' tranquillity at honie, our peace abroad, our safety, our 
prosperity, and that very liberty which we so highly prize ; 
that wc have seen nothing in the past, nor do we see any- 
eit.her in the election of Abraham 
thing in the 
Lincoln to the Presidency of the United States, or frorn 
any other existing cause to justify its dissoluüon ; 
that 
regard its perpetuity as of nnorc value than the temporary 
that xvhatever evils or 
tri-utnph of any party or any Ilian ; 
abuses exist under it ought to he corrected within the 
Union, in a peaceful and constitutional way ; that we bc- 
licve it has sufficient power to redress every wrong and 
enforce every right growing out of its orm•mization or per- 
taining to its propci• functions ; and that it is a patriotic 
duty to stand by it as our hope in peace and our detonse in 
Mr. LANDRUM. 1 object to that resolution. 
I havc no objection to the 
Mr. BRANCII. 
reception of the resolution; but I nnovc that it be 
referred to the select cornmittee of thirty-three. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. As 1 understand 
there is objection to the, resolution, I move a sus- 
pension oi• the rules. The rcs•ohltion is in the 
language of the Farewell Add ress of the Father of 
his - Country, and I want to see •who will vote 
acainst it. 
Mr. JENKINS. 1 to ask the gentleman 
from Illinois, whether Lincoln had becn elected in 
and cries of 
Washington 's time? [Lau 
and the rules were 
The question ivas taken; 
suspended, (two thirds having voted t.hcrefor.) 
Mr. IN:IORRIS, of Illinois, then submitted his 
resolution, an(L demanded the previous question 
upon it. 
I move the reference of that 
Mr. BRANCH. 
resolution to the select committee of thirty-three. 
The SPEAKER. is order 
pending the demand for the previous question. 
If the demand for tho pre- 
Mr. BRANCH. 
vious question be voted down, will it then bc in 
order to submit the mot.ion ? 
The SPEAKER. It will. 
I hope the previous question 
Mr. BRANCH. 
will bc voted down, then. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered to be put. 
Mr. HINDMAN called for the yeas and nays 
upon the resolution. 
r l'he yeas and nays werc ordered. 
T lie question was taken; and it was decided in 
the 116, nays 44; as follows: 
VEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Alien, 
Alley, Willian) C. Anderson. Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bin=- 
ham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs, Buflinton, 
I Burnham, Buttcrfield, Carnpbei', Carey, Carter, Case, Col- 
fax, Conkling, Covode, Cox, John G. Davis, Dawes, Del- 
ano, Duell. Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, English, 
Etheridge; Farnsworth, Fenton, Poster, Frank, French, 
Gooch, Graham, Grow, Hale, Hall, J. Morrison Harris, 
t] oard, Holman, William Howard, 
Hellüick, [Ij_cktnan, 
Hunophrey, Hutchins, Irvine. Junkin, Francis VV. Kcliogg, 
Kenyon, Kildore, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Logan, 
Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Charles D. N} artin, McCler- 
nand, McKean, McKenry, McKnight, McPherson, Mont- 
gomery, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Blorris, 
Niblack, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Perry. Pettit, Porter, Potter, 
Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds. John H. Reynolds, Rice, Riggs, 
Jaines C. Robinson, Royce, Scranton, Sedgwick, Shonnan, 
Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Stokes, 
Tappan, 'Phayer, Ton)pkins, Train. rrrimble, Vandever, 
Vcrrec, Wade, Waldron, Walton, B. Washburne, 
Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, and Wood—116. 
Anderson, Avery, Barks- 
•NAYS—Messrs. 'l'homas L. 
dale, Bouligny, Branch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton, 
Cobb, Crawford, Curry, DeJarnette, Ednmndson, Flor- 
ence, Garnett, Gartrell, Hardeman, Iliil, {lindinan, Iluglles, 
Jackson Jenkins, Jones, Landrum, James M. Leach, 
I,cakc, Elbert S.•Mart.in, Sydenham Meore, Noel), Pryor, 
Quarles, Reagan, Rufiin, Scott, Sickles, Singleton, William 
Sinith, Stallworth, Underwood, Vance, 
Webster, and Wright—44. 
So the resolution was adopted. 
During the vote, 
Mr. MORRIS, of 1Minois, said: Mr. Speaker, 
1 observe that several gentlemen who sit near me 
have not voted, and I now give notice that, if in 
order, I shall insist on their voting. 
Mr. COBB. 1 have not voted, and 1 would like 
to see the gentleman compel me to vote before 
am ready to do so. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 call gentlemen to 
order. The votc ought- not to be interrupted by 
debate. 
Mr. LEAKE. Mr. Speaker, no hesita- 
tion about voting for some of the propositions of 
the resolution, butforothers I cannot vote. [Cries 
of Order l" 
Mr. STAL TON. 1 rise to a question of order. 
This practice of interrupting the call of the roll 
with debate all will admit is not a good practice. 
It certainly is not in order, and I object to it. 
Mr. LEAKE. 1 vote no.' 
Mr. NOELL. I regard these resolutions as 
mere abstractions, and as conducing to no practi- 
cal good, and I therefore vote in the negative. 
Mr. BOULIGNY. wish to know whether it 
is not one of the rules of this House that members 
who are present shall vote on the pending propo- 
sitions when their names are called ? 
The SPEAKER. That is undoubtedly the 
Mr. COEB. I did not understand the question 
when my name was first called, I will now cast 
my vote. While I am willing and ready to tn- 
dorse the language of the Father of his Country, 
yet I cannot swallow all that is said by thc gen- 
I therefore 
tlcman from Illinois, [Mr. MORRIS.] 
vote in the negative. 
Mr. QUARLES. Mr. Speaker, while 1 
cur in most of the resolution offered by the gen- 
tlcman from Illinois, now before the House, we 
have appointed a counmit.te(' to which all our 
troubles growing out of the recent election of Mr. 
Lincoln, and the slavery question generally, are 
referred ; and I do not desire to forestall its action 
in advance of its report by resolutions of this 
It can do no good. sir, and 
crcncral character. 
I thcrefore vote " no. " 
may do harm. 
I ask, before 1 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. 
cast my vote, to have thc resolution aøain read. 
T hc Clerk read the resolution 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. That is enough 
no.' 
for me 
Mr. STANTON. Several members were 
sent when their names were called, and 1 move 
that, by unanimous consent, all those who wish 
to vote numy be allowed to do so. 
There was no objection; and it was ordered 
accordingly. 
Mr. FLORENCE. There are several objec- 
tionable phrases in the resolution, which I cannot 
If they were stricken out, I would vote 
vote for. 
for the resolution; as it is now I vote acrainst it. 
I do so from a sense of duty, and E)0t, sir 
IVir. MORRIS, of Illinois. What are the 0b- 
jecGonable phrases ? 
I BURNETT. 1 call gentlemen to order. 
Debate is not in order. 
Mr. FLORENCE. If permitted, J would an- 
swer the gentleman from Illinois very cheerfullv. 
Mr. WEBSTER. I wish to put a question to 
the from Illinois. [Cries of" I object ! " 
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 hope there will be no 
objection. 
