December 18. 
11:2 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
of a •letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, 
transmitting an account of receipts and expendi- 
tares of4he United States for the fiscal year end- 
ing June 30,-1860. 
PROPOSED CONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTION. 
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, 1 ask leave to 
introduce some resolutions; and if it is not the 
pleasure of- the Senate to consider them now, I 
desire to give notice that I shall move them as a 
substitute for, or amendment to, the resolution 
introduced, by the Senator from New Hampshire 
[Mi. CLARK] yesterday. 
The Secretary read Mr. LANE 's resolutions, as 
follows: 
Whereas in the, years 1847—48 the northern States of this 
Union, by their Legislatures, and almost with unanimity, 
adopted resolutions in favor of what was called the Wilmot 
Proviso, prohibiting slavery in all the territory acquired 
passed counter resolutions, declaring that they would resist 
that ineasure at all hazards, and to the last extremity; and 
whereas in 1850 certain laws were enacted to settle the 
controversy between the two sections, caned the cmnpro- 
mise measures, agreeing that the people of the Territories, 
on entering the Union, should decide the question of sla- 
very tor themselvcs; and whereas at the last presidential 
election the peoplc of the northern States, by the election 
of a President on the Chicago platform, have reaffirmed 
their previous position, that slavery shall be excluded from 
ail the 'J'erritories of the Union, now and hereafter; and 
whereas a numÉer of tnc southern States, regarding eaid 
decision as destructive of the equality of the States and of 
their equal rights in the common territory of our e.ommon 
country, ultin•ately fatal to tbevystcm of society, and 
the agitation- resulting from such policy as imminently 
dangerous to their domestic peace and safety, have indi- 
cated a purpose to dissolve their political connection with 
thc northern States, and there is reason to believe that all 
the southexn States will-soon unite in said rnovement ; and 
whereas a dissolution of this Union woutd result in great 
disasters to both sections, and, if attended with Civit war. 
in horrors perhaps exceediug any that history has ro- 
corded; and whereas it is now apparent that the present 
syst.ein of governJnent is not adequate to the exigenéies of 
the times, to the changes of opinion and of circtunstance.s ; 
and, particularly, that the mode prescribed in the present 
Constitution for atnendtncnts thereto, is not, froun the sec- 
character of the controversy, and the urgency of 
events, ade.(luate to tbc occasion ; und whereas in a sin-ü- 
lar ditlieulty our (ijretht.bers, finding the of the. 
Articles of the Conti„uleration ilnpracticablc, called on the 
States to aet separately, t.o devise another plan govern- 
tnent, aud that course was adopted and crowned with sue. 
Resolved, 'I'hat the several States be requested to send 
co:mnlssioners ('r delegates to a convention, to consult on 
the ehanges which the present. times require. 
And whereas the southern States, being in a numerical 
minotity; complairi of aggressions, previous and prospect- 
ivc from the northern States : 
ic it resolved, That the delegates of said southern States 
be requested to convene firs) -by themse.lves to confer on 
the ('011ditlons ncccssary för their security arid peace, and 
submit their conclusions either to the delegates or tbc 
northern States separately convened, or to a convention of 
all the northern States. 
und hc it further resolucd, That it is contrary and abhor- 
rent to thc religion and civilization of our aoe, and to the 
si)irit of our Constitution. to interfere in any way by rorcc 
with such steps as any of the States feeling ao«rieved Inay 
*Rnd be it further resolved, That the Federal Govcrnrncnt 
will abstain from the ernployment all or any torcc to 
prövent or interfOrc with any State or States which Shall 
(let.ortnino by itself or themselves on any course tor their 
own prosperity and which shall not be aggressive 
,owards the other States ; and iu any case where thcrc 'nay 
be danger of collision between any State and tile _FQderal 
forces stationed there, the it»rces bc pronnptly withdrawn. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would suggest that these 
resolutions lie over, and when the committee of 
thirteen is appointed on the motion of the Sena- 
tor from Kentucky, (Mr. POWELL,] that this and 
all similar, propositions go to that committee for 
consideration. 
Mr. DAVIS. And be printed. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes; and be printed. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator 
move the printing of these resolutions ? 
Mr. LANE. What did the Senator from Illi- 
nois propose? I did not hear. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 'I'hat the resolutions lie on 
view and without the least ambitious feeling what- 
ever connected with it, prepared a series of con- 
stitutional amendments, which I desire to offer to 
the Senate, hoping that they may form, in part at 
least, some basis for measures that may settle the 
controverted questions which now so much agi- 
tate our country. Certainly, sir, i do not pro- 
pose now any elaborate discussion of the subject. 
Before presenting these resolutions, however, to 
the Senate, I desire to make a few remarks ex- 
planatory ofthcm, thatthe Senate may understand 
their general scope. 
The questions of an alarming character are 
those which have grown out of the controversy 
between thö northern and southern sections of 
our country in relation to the rights of the slave- 
holding States in the rrerritories of the United 
States, and in relation to the rights of the citizens 
I have endeavored 
of the latter in their slaves. 
by these resolutions to meet all these questions 
and causes of discontent, and by amendments to 
the Constitution of the United States, so that the 
settlement, if we can happily agree on any, may 
be permanent, and leave no cause for future con- 
troversy. These resolutions propose, then, in the 
first place, in substance, the restoration of the 
Missouri compromise, extending the line through- 
out the Territories of the United States to the east- 
ern border of Califörnia, recwnizing slavery in 
ali the territory south of that line, and prohibiting 
slavery in all the territory north of it; with a pro- 
vision, however, that when any of thosc Terri- 
arc formed into States, 
tories, north or south, 
they shall then be at liberty to exclude or admit 
slavery as they please; and that, in the one case 
or the other, it shall bc no objection to their ad- 
mission into the Union. In this way, sir, I pro- 
pose to settle the question, both as to territory 
and slavery, so far as it regards the Territories of 
the, United States. 
I propose, sir, also, that the Constitution shall 
be so amended as to declare that Congress shall 
have no power to abolish slavery in t.he District of 
Colurnbia so long as slavery exists in the States 
of Maryland and Virginia; and that they shall 
have no power to abolish slavery in any of the 
places under their special jurisdiction within the 
southern States. 
These arc the constitutional amendments which 
I proposc, and ennbrace the whole of them in re- 
gard to the questions of territory and slavery. 
There are other propositions in relation to griev- 
ances, and in relation to controversies, which I 
suppose are within tho jurisdiction of Congress, 
and may be removed by the. action of Congress. 
I propose, in regard to legislative action, that the 
fugitive slave law, as it is commonly called, shall 
be declared by the Senate to be a constitutional 
act, in strict pursuance of the Constitution. 
propose to declare, that it has been decided by 
the Supreme Court of the United States to be con- 
stilutional, and that thc southern States are enti- 
tled to a faithful and complete execution of that 
law, and that no amendment shall be made here- 
after to it which will impair its efiiciency. But, 
the table until the committee is appointed, and 
then send them all to the committee. 
Mr. LANE. I have no objection. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will put 
the question now on the motion to print the reso- 
lutions. 
The motion was agreed to. 
COMPROMISE OF SLAVERY QUESTION. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 am gratified, Mr. 
President, to see in the various propositions which 
have been made, such a universo.l anxiety to save 
the country from the dangerous dissensions which 
now prevail; and I have, under a very serious 
thinking that it would not. impair its efficiency, I 
have proposed amendinents to it in two particu- 
I have understood from gentlemen of the 
North that there is objection to the provision 
giving a different fee where the commissioner de- 
cides to deliver the slave to the claimant, from that 
which is given where he decides to discharge the 
ulieged slave; the law declares that in the latter 
case he shall have but five dollars, while in the 
other he shall have ten dollars—twice the amount 
in one. case than in the other. The reason for this 
In case he delivers the servant 
is very obvious. 
to his claimant, he is required to draw outa lentrthy 
certificate, stating the principal and substantial 
ffrounds on which his decision rests, and to 
return him cither to thc Inarshal or to the claim- 
ant to remove him to the State from which he 
escaped. It was for that reason that a larger fee 
was given to the commissioner, where he Kad the 
largest service to perfortn. But, sir, the act being 
viewed unfavorably and with great prejudice, in 
a certain portion of our country, this was regarded 
as very obnoxuous, because it seemed to give an 
inducement to the commissioner to return the 
much as the fifth section of that law was worded 
somewhat vaguely, its general terms had ad- 
mitted of the construction in the northern States 
that all the citizens were required, upon the •sum- 
mons of the marshal, to eo with him to hunt up, 
as they express it, and arrest the slave; and this 
is regarded as obnoxious. They have said, 
the southern States you make no such requisition 
on the citizen;" nor do we, sir. The section, con- 
strued according to the intention of the framers 
of it, I suppose, only intended that the marshal 
should have the same right in the execution of 
process for the arrest ofa slave that he has in all 
other cases of process that he is required to exe- 
cute—to call on the posse comitatus for assistance 
where he is resisted in the execution of his duty, 
or where, havino• executed his duty by the arrest, 
an attempt is made to rescue the slave. I propose 
such an amendment as will obviate this difficulty 
and limit the right of the Inaster and the duty of 
the citizen to cases where, as in regard to all other 
process, persons may be called upon to assist m 
resisting opposition to the execution of the laws. 
1 have provided further, sir, that the amend- 
ments to the Constitution which I here propose, 
and certain other provisions of the Constitution 
itself, shall be unalterable, thereby forming a 
permanent and unchangeable basis for peace and 
tranquillity among the people. Among the pro- 
visions in the present Const.itution, which I have 
by amendment proposed to render unalterable, is 
that provision in the first article of the Constitu- 
lion which provides the rule for representation, 
including in the computation three fifths of the 
slaves. That is to be rendered unchangeable. 
Another is the provision for the delivery of fugi- 
tivc slaves. That is to be rendered unchangeable. 
And with these provisions, Mr. President, it 
seems to me wc have a solid foundation upon 
which we may rest our hopes for the restoration 
of peace and good-wilt among all the Ståtes of 
this Union, and all the people. I propose, sir, to 
I have ex- 
enter into no particular discussion. 
plained the general scope and object of my prop- 
I have provided further, which I ought 
osi tion. 
to mention, that, there having been some difficul- 
ties experienced in the courts of the United States 
in the South in currying into execution the 
prohibiting the African slave trade, all additions 
and amendments which may be necessary to those 
laws to render them effectual should be immedi- 
ately adopted by Congress, and especially the pro- 
visions of those laws which prohibit the import- 
1 
ation of African slaves into the United States. 
have further provided it as a recommendation to 
all the States of this Union, that whereas laws 
have been passed of an unconstitutional charac- 
ter, (and all laws are of that character which either 
conflict with the constitutional acts of Congress, 
or which in their operation hinder or delay the 
proper execution of the acts of Congress,) i.vhich 
laws are null and void, and yet, though null and 
void, they have been the source of mischief and 
discontent in the country, under the extraordi- 
nary circumstal')ces in which we are placed ; Ihave 
supposed that it would not be impropel' or unbe- 
comirw in Congress to recommend to the States, 
both North and South, the repeal of all such acts 
of theirs as were intended to control, or intended 
to obstruct the operabion of the acts of Congress, 
or which in their operation and in their applica- 
tion have been made use of for the puroose of such 
hindrance and opposition, and that they will re- 
peal these laws or make such explanations or cor- 
rections of them as to prevent their being used 
for any such mischievous purpose. 
I have endeavored to look with impartiality 
from one end of our country to the other; I have 
endeavored to search up what appeared to me to 
be the causes of discontent pervading the land; 
and, as far as I am capable of doing so, I have 
f am 
endeavored to propose a remedy for them. 
far from believmg that, in the shape in which I 
present these measures, they will meet with the 
It will be sufficiently 
acceptance of the Senate. 
gratifying if, with all the amendments that the 
superior knowledge of the Senate may make to 
I them, they shall, to any effectual extent, quiet the 
country. 
slave to the master, as he thereby obtained the} Mr. President, great dungers surround us. _ The 
larger fee of ten dollars instead of the smaller one Union of these States is dear to the people of the 
of five dollars. I havc said, let the fee be the same United States. The long experience of its bless- 
ings, the mighty hopes of the future, have made it 
in both cases. 
dear to the hearts of the American people. What- 
I have understood, furthermore, sir, that inas- 
