1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
115 
provide for thé admission of Kansas into' the 
Union unfil Monday next. 
The motiori was aqreed to. 
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, whatever may be 
thought of the wisdom or the expediency of the 
remedies proposed by the honorable Senator from 
Ken tuck y— 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Ido not wish to interfere 
with the Senator from New Hampshire, but as 
we have been actin« upon the rules of the Senate, 
and as there is another special order taking pri- 
ority, I think it but proper .that that should be 
taken up, so as to preserve the regularity of pro- 
ceedings. The. Senator from Tennessee [Mr. 
JOHNSON] is entitled to the floor on anothér special 
I tried to get it, but failed. He certainly 
order. 
is entitled to it, unless he waives his right. 
The The Chair will 
remark to the Senator from.New Hampshire that 
there is no question before the Senate. The busi- 
ness upon which he proposed to fou'nd some 
remarks was superseded by thc Special order 
assigned for one o'clock to-day.' 
Mr. HALE. That Was postponed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir; and 
there is no question now, before the Senate, and it 
becomes the duty of the Chair to call up the spe- 
cittl order indicated by 'the Senator from Illinois, 
which is the resolution offered by the Senator 
from Kentucky. 
Mr. HALE. Will the Chair be good enough 
to say how many special orders there are, so that 
we can dispose of thern ail at once ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is 
not aware of the number of special orders on the 
Calendar. 
Mr.' HALE. I move to postpone them all. 
Mr. YULEE. I suggest that we postpone the 
special order for a few Inomcnts by general con- 
sent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
state that there is no other special order for to-day. 
Mr. HALE. Then I move to postpone it until 
to-morrow. 
Mr. BIGLER. Do 1 understand the Senator 
from New Hampshire to move to postpone thc 
consideration of the resolution oftäe Senator fi'om 
Kentucky? I hope the Senator from New Hamp- 
shire will writhdraw that motion. 
Mr. HALE. Have 1 the floor, Mr. President? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from New Ham shire is ent.itled to the floor, 
Mr. HALE. Ehen, sir, I will submit the very 
few remarks I propose to make upon that motion, 
and I do not propose to say nhuch; very little. 
What I propose to. say relates to the proposition 
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky. . I was 
about to say whatever might be thought of the 
wisdom 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 rise to a question of order. 
My object is not to embarrass the Senator from 
New Hampshire, but I think it— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator frorri Now Hampshire yield the floor? 
Mr. HALE. Only upon a question of order. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 rise to a question of order. 
I rose simply to *pieserve the order of business. 
If the Senate proposes to postpone it, very well; 
but I understand the motion to postpone is not 
a debatable question. As regards the priority of 
business, I suppose the unfinished business cornes 
up, and the Senator from Tennessee is entitled to 
the floor, unless he waives it. 
I am Willing to 
postpone it if it is the wish of the Senate, but [ 
want the. order of business preserved according to 
the rule. 
Mr. HALE. On the question of order, I would 
like to have the judgment of the Chair whether a 
motion to postpone is debatable. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
understands that the rule has been construed not 
to allow discussion upon the merits of the ques- 
tion; but it has been usual in the Senate to allow 
the Senator time to' state his reasons why he wants 
the order postponed; and in that view the Sena- 
tor can do so. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. To relieve the 
Senate from the difficult.y in which it seems to be 
involved, I think the business had better come up 
lam entitled to the floor when 
in regular order. 
that comes up; and if the Senator desires to con- 
sume but a few minutes, I will yield-him the floor 
for a short lime. 
Mr. HALE. I am much obliged to the Senator. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is 
for the Senator from New Hampshire to state the 
reasons why he wants it postponed. 
Mr. HALE. •The reason why I wish it post- 
poned is this— 
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. 1 wantto know 
how thc Scnator from •New Hampshire got the 
floor to make the motion, when I was upon the 
floor ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. Thatquestion 
was not made by the Senator from Tennessee, 
and the Senator rose from his seat and was recog- 
nized by the Chair. According to strict parlia- 
mentary rule, the Senator from Tennessee, when 
the regular business is up, is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. HALE. well, sir, he may take it. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Senator 
from New Hampshire perhaps did not understand 
me. I wanted business to proceed in:its regular 
order; and then I said I would x,vaive a few mo- 
ments of my time if, he wished to say anything 
to the Senate. 
Mr. HALE. Oh, I do not know that I care 
about it. 
The PRES\DING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Tennessee is entitied to the floor. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 beg leave to ask the 
Senator from Tennessee to allow me simply to 
have a motion made for printing the resolutions 
I have offered. 
IVII•. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Certainly. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I believe that has already 
been done. 
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
understands that that motion has been agreed to, 
and the resolutions have been ordered to be 
printed . 
Mr. HALE. No, sir, that question was not 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 1 the 
Senator from New Hampshire is right. The 
motion was not put. Does the Senator from 
Tennessee yield the floor to allow -the Senator 
from Kei')tueky to have the question taken upon 
thc motion to print his resolutions ? 
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. Certainly. 
'Mr. TRUMBULL. There is some confusion 
here, occasioned by the attempt to enforce strictly 
the rules of the Senate. Now, if the Senate will 
indulge rne for one moment, I will state how I 
think it may be obviated. The hour for calling 
up the special order passed w bile the Senator 
from Kentucky was on the flocn•, every one de- 
siring to hear him conclude his The 
Senator from New Hampshire has but a word to 
say, as understand, and the Senator from Ten- 
nessee is quite willing that he should say it. 
It 
seems to me that as we have passed the hour, the 
Senator from New Hampshire might be permitted 
to say his word or Iwo, and we go on regularly 
with the business. We have already lost more 
time. in this attempt to cnforce the strict. rule than 
it would havo taken to hear him twice over, as I 
understand hiln. I hope the Senate will allow 
him to say the few words he wishes to say, ['K cer- 
tainly,"] and then the Senator from Tennessee 
will proceed, as I understand he is willing that 
the Senator from New Hampshire should pursue 
that course. 
i stated dis- 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
tinctly that I woultl consent to that. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is nobody objecting 
to the Senator from New Hampshire now speak- 
ing but himself. The Senator from Tennessee 
has yielded the floor to him, no other Senator ob- 
jects, and he himself is the only man thatobjects 
[Laugh ter.l 
now to his speaking. 
Mr. HALE. well, Mr. President, 1 am ex- 
ccedingly obliged to the Senate, and to the hon- 
orable Senator from Tennessee, and to the hon- 
orable Senatoe from Illinois; butl am afraid that 
there has been so much fuss about my getting on 
the floor that expectations may havc been excited 
that I piqopose to make a speech, when I do not in- 
tend any such thing; but I simply rose in my place 
for the purpose of saying that whatever might be 
thought of the wisdom, or the practicability, or 
the expediency of the remedy suggested by the 
honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. CRIT- 
TENDEN,] nobody would doubt the purity of his 
motive, the integrity, the disinterestedness, and 
poses, and I do pYöpöse's to,disebSsVit. 
erise 
for a simple purpost% which I Will State. , 
A few davs„sinée when the honoråble-' Senator 
from New York [Mr. KING] proposed an amend- 
ment to the resolution introduced, hon- 
orable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr., 
and the honorable Senator.from C,önbeeiictiGäiot 
now in his seat, [Mr•.' FOSTER',] 
marks expressive of. his sympathy Withithe i'.iows 
of the Senator from Nev,v York, an honorablé 
Senator from- Louisianas now in rn,y eye,- [Mr. 
BENJAMIN,] arose, and i thought: with -great pet- 
tinency and propriety suggested that, for the pai!- 
pose of informing himself as to' the state of public 
sentiment here, and among the people that We 
represent, he desired to know-zl- cannot state •his 
very words; but I think I state the substance of 
what if I do not, shoukd- be glad to 
be corrected—he desired -to know 'What was •in- 
tended by the .motion of the, honörable Seriator 
from New York; and further than that, in an like 
spirit of for information 
at that time, he would like also tohave the_views 
of the Senator from Connecticut upon: the, same 
subject. Now, sir, I stand here in .preeisOlY'that 
situation; seeking for -införmation. 
I listened last week, with a good deal •of pleas- 
ure, to the •long, able, erratic speech of the dis- 
tin uished Senator from Texas, right before -me, 
] If it had no- Other merit—aid 
IGFALL. 
i do not mean to sav that it had not a great many 
others— it was explicit. 
I understood it; I un- 
derstood what he wants, what he expects, what 
he demands; and the way it was put to us was 
that we, northern men representing the success- 
ful party—he appealed to several of us here whom 
he designated as representative men, and even 
went so low as to name so individual 
as myself among them—he said we mustgo home 
and teach our people •certain things. 
1 do not 
remember all that he said; 1 have a-general im- 
pression of it, and I suppose -:his words can be 
found in the chronicles of the 
the Globe. 
I have also listened to the honorable Senator 
from Kentucky [Mr. CRITTENDEN] to-day; and 
from my recollection of the speech of the honor- 
able Senator from Texas, and comparing it with 
that of the -honorable Senator from -Kentucky to- 
day, I should judge, as the old theologians say, 
that they do not belong to the same see" of po}- 
itics. 'The demands which are put forth to-day 
as being sufficient to produce quiet, restore har- 
mony, and preserve " this glorious Union,' are 
of an entirely different character from those pro- 
posed by the honorable Senator from Texas. The 
honorable Senator from Texas spoke for the Union 
wing of his party. My desire is to know vyrhich 
of these two distinguished Senators represents 
the demands that are to be made upon our people 
at home in order to secure this Union; because it 
has been said, and well said, that we cannot do it 
here; it must be done by our people. Well, sip, 
in .the communication which I have with the peo- 
ple that I represent, when ul talk. to them 'and'i•ep- 
resent to them that if they• accede to the proposi- 
tions and demands made by the honorable Senator 
from Kentucky to-day, the Union may be pre- 
served and harmony restored, and some one then 
gets up and flings in my face the eloquent-speeca 
of t.he Senator from Texas, altogether different in 
its demands, and covering a vastly broader field 
of concession, I want to know whether then -I 
may be permitted to say, " the hon'orable Senator 
from Kentucky represents the real, genuine, bona 
fide sentiments of the Union-loving people of tho 
South; and the honorable Senator from Texas, 
where he differs from him, does not;" or, shall I 
I be compelled to say that the patriotic effusion of 
the -honorable Senator from Kentucky is simply 
the effusion of his• ov.rn benevolent and .patriotic 
heart, but does not embody the-demands-and sen- 
timents of the southern. people, and that they are 
more correctly presented in the speech of the hon- 
orable Senator from Texas ? 
Now, sir, this is what I want to know—not that 
I wish to flatter gentlemen that either the. one or * 
the other will be acceptable to the people whom 
rcpresent. i do not knowe The honorable 
ator from Texas says he never gives.hjs opinion 
unless it is asked; and not then, unless be 
the fervor of his patriotism. Everybody accords I I or expects to be paid for it. - ['Laughter.] 
to him that, whatever may be thought of thc sir, my opinion has not been asked, -nor do II 
value or thc practicability of the remedy he pro- 
expect any pay. 
