116 
MF:. WIGFALL. When did the Senatorfrom 
Texas say _that ? 
Mr. HALE. -He said itin his speech the other 
day. 
Mr. WIGFALL. I do not think so. It may 
have not looked. at the Globe. 
be, though. 
Mr. HALE. Welb I have- not looked at the 
Globe; but i heard it. 
Mr. WIGFALL. J well; it is in there, if you 
heard it. 
Mr. HALE. I: think I cannot -be mistaken. 
But, sir, all: jesting. apart, for I am np,t- jesting, I 
do really.want to know. My judgment, if it be 
given; my advice, ifit be te-ndered, may be over- 
ruled; and it;rnay depend very much on the fact 
which -of these two gentlemen really is the. organ 
to the demands of the South as to the continu- 
ance and preservation of the•Union. When I say 
I desire that, of course 1_ do not desire an answer 
to this question from either of these two gentle- 
men, becauseW•ney have given their views; but 
the information that I desu•e would come (as that 
solicited•by the Senator from Louisiana, if I un- 
derstood him) from different gentlemen upon that 
side of the Senate. It gentlemen who, I 
think, can answer this question; and it seems to 
me that it.is due to candor, when such widely dif- 
ferent propositions- as these are made as to the 
price. and condition of the permanence of the 
Union, that before. we consult with our constitu- 
ents, and ask them, if-they will accede tothe terms, 
they ought to know-which is the..genuine demand 
of the southern -side-4 mean of the Union party 
of the South, because, that is the party that the 
. Senator from Texas belongs to. - After we have 
got an answer from the Union Senators on that 
side of the Chamber, if there are any disunion- 
ists I should like to hear from them; and I should 
like to know whether those that favor disunion 
are willing to abide by the conditions which have 
been announced by one, of the Union members 
from that side—I refer to the honorable Senator 
from Texas. 
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mu•. President, will the 
Senator from New Hampshire allow me sto say a 
word? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from New Hampshire yield the floor ? 
Mr. HALE. If the Senator is one of that class. 
Mr. SAULSBURY. i am. one of the 
Union Senators on this floor; and my State is in 
favor of-thspreservatiön of the Union. l, for one, 
amkwilling to accept the proposition presented by 
the Senator from- Kentucky. now ask the Sen- 
ator from New Hampshire whether he will rec- 
ommend the adoption of the propositions submit- 
ted by the Senator from •Kentucky to his people, 
provided he is assufed that that will preserve the 
Union ofnthe States ? 
Mr; HALE. Well, sir, I was trying to get 
thc ground.all before me before I answered: I do 
not want to answer by installments. I wanted to 
know; I was inquiring for information; and the 
honorable Senator from Delaw_are must have mis- 
understood my interrogatory, bccause I said that 
the honorable Senatorfrom Texas had represen ted 
himself (and, of course, I had no disposition to 
question him) as one of the strongest Union mcn 
on that sideof the Chamber, and I desired to hear 
from the disunionists,if there were any such ; and 
it was in answer to that appeal that the Senator 
from Delaware avoweüimself to be one of them, 
evidently misunderstånding the form in which 
put the question. Well now, sir, the honorable 
Senator from Delaware asks me a_question which 
I will answer, though I do not feel myself bound 
to do So. With my present conviction, I will not 
agree to theSe propositions in all their, extent. 
T here are some things there that I would. agree 
to; but to the extent that those resolutions go, 
would not recommend my people to accede to 
them. If they ask my advice, they can have it. 
But when i say 'thåt, I do not mean to say that 
there are not many things in the proposition of 
the Senator from Kentucky that' commend them- 
selves to my judgment. There are some things 
that do not. 
I have -listened to denunciations of 
a geographical line so long that 1 have not all at 
once become a eon vert to it. fl'here was a dis- 
tinguished lawyer once in my State who, when 
he began his arguments) sometimes produced an 
impression upon the mil'Jd of Lbe court that inr 
duced thetn to go off with an intimation of an 
opinion when thcy had not maturely considered 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 18, 
the subjeCt; and béföre the case Was throügh they 
had to reverse it. On a certain occasion, he was 
arguing a great- question before them, and the 
court Iritimated an opinion in his favor. He 
looked up in their faces with a good deal of saga- 
city sand said, Will your honorsstick?" Taught 
by past experience, when another geographical 
line:is proposed as the great remedy, I should sa 
to you, gentlemen, ' 'Will your honors stick? 
Will you give an assurance that after the geo- 
craphlcal line has been established, and run to the 
Pacific ocean, or to the islands beyond, in the 
progress of time the interests of the country, or 
the demands of the party, or some new construc- 
tion of the Constitution, may not require that 
that shall be abandoned? I should want to have 
some assurance upon that point before I agree at 
once to recommencr another geographical line. 
I do not believe, sir, that the remedy is to be 
sought there, I do not believe that the •remedy is 
to be soughtin new constitutional provisions; but 
in an honest, faithful execution of the things that 
are already written in the compact and in the bond. 
am willing, and I hope the State I represent is 
willing, to look this matter all over fairly, calmly, 
and dispassionately, and if there be anything that 
can be demanded of that State consistent with the 
dignity that belongs to a free State, and the re. 
gard •that she owes to the Constitution, I have no 
doubt that she will render and perform it to the 
letter and to the spirit. But I say, with all defer- 
ence, that I think these new compacts and these 
amendments are the mere daubing of the wall with 
untempered mortar. They arenotwhatis required 
to sustain the fabric of our Government. 
But, sir, I do not wish to say anything that 
shall be construed into a pledge for my people. 
I haw no right to give it. They have given t leir 
own pledge in the history of their own lives, and 
I think that is a pledge of fidelity to the Consti- 
tution; and they will givc it still. But, sir, let 
me say to gentlemen on the other side of this 
Chamber, whatever may be your grievances, I 
think you are too prone, constantly and contin- 
ually and perseveringly, to throw thc blame over 
here; as if this Republican party, 'vvhich, as it 
were, sprang up like Jonah 's gourd in the night, 
is to be the pack-horse upon which are to be 
saddled all the evils that you bear or fear in the 
present or in the future. You fear that this Re- 
publican party is to be proscriptive and violative 
of the Constitution. Where do you find it? You 
fear that you are to be under the ban. Sir, where 
have we been, where have I been, where have 
the men that sympathize with me been, in all the 
long years that are past? Have we not been 
publicly proclaimed upon the floor of this Senate 
to be.unworthy ofa seat on one of your commit- 
tees? Yes, sir; we, and the States we repre- 
sented, have been disfranchised by the iron rule 
of a relentless political majority on this floor. 
I 
that it is not mhy years since 
remember, sir, 
the nomination of Edward Everett—who has been 
making speeches on Washington for do not 
know how long, and singing peons to the Union 
—to represent this Republic at the Court of St. 
James was hung up, and confirmation refused for 
weeks and weeks, because it was intimated that 
at some time in the course of his life—it must 
have been a good while ago—he had uttered some 
sentiments which were not deemed sound upon 
this subject of slavery. With all his learning, 
and all his great att.ainments—and his learninff 
and his attainments are such as do honor to the 
country—he was not deemed qualified to repre- 
sent this. Government at the Court of St. James, 
because it wras supposed that at some time, on 
some occasion, he had given utterance to senti- 
ments that were not deemed sound and orthodox 
by the political majority on II-nis floor. Sir, so 
•far as my experience •oes, in from 
which I come, and in the State that I rcpresent 
on this floor, there has not been, in the whole Re- 
publican party of that State, nor in the *Whig op- 
position when the Opposition were called Whigs, 
a man who was considered worthy to receive a 
letter and put it into the post offce, or to be a 
tide-waiter around any of your custom-houses, 
or to do any act that required the sanction of this 
Federal Government or any of its subordinates. 
And how is your Post Offce administered to-day ? 
L in some public paper, this very day, an 
by the Acting Postmaster General, 
Mr. King, Of onc of his subordinates; and the 
crime alleged against him was, not that he did 
not faithfully and honestly and to the letter per- 
form everything _that was required of him, but it 
was that he was an Opposition man, and had 
been heard to speak disrespectfully of the Presi- 
dent of the United States: and he was called upon 
to account for that. 
Now, sir, I do not say this in any disposition 
to stir up angry feeling on the other side; but, 
gentlemen, while you call on us to look at the 
truth, why not look at it yourselves? Why not 
yourselves look and see if there has been no occa- 
Sion for the formation of the party that has been 
formed? You say we are a sectional party. Well, 
sir, why are we a sectional party? We are no more 
a sectional party than the party -that has been op- 
posed to us, with this difference, that you have 
been able to bring over to your side men who live 
where we do, to favor your sectional views; but 
your views and your measures have been more 
sectional, infinitely more so, than any that are to 
be apprehended from this Republican party. 
Now, sir, I know thatevery speech of this sort 
will be represented by those opposed to me as 
calculated and intended to stir up angry feelings 
on the other side. The honorable Senator from 
Georgia may tell us that there is a feeling of ha- 
tred, deep as hell, between his people and mine; 
and that will not be deplored in the President's 
prayer-meeting that he has got up. [Laughter.] 
NO, sir; not a word will be said about that; but 
the angry effusions of such a " fanatic" as I am 
will be deplored as sadly tending to a dissolution 
. of the Union ! 
Sir, I do not know that this Congress can do 
anything; but this controversy will not be settled 
It has been well said, it will be done by 
here. 
the States; but, sir, the enlightened tribunal of 
the public opinion of Christendom will utter its 
voice, and I tell you there is no power on God's 
I remember 
earth that can stand before that. 
when Kossuth was a wanderer and an exile in 
the Empire of Turkey, and the Emperor of Rus- 
sia, think it was, demanded his deliverance—or 
the Emperor of Austria, I do not know which; 
they were allies in the war—but when the deliv- 
erance of Kossuth was demanded from the Sul- 
tan of Turkey, Mr. Webster, in one of the sub- 
limest effusions that fell from his lips, said that 
not a hair of his head should be. injured; and that 
if the Emperor of Russia or Austria dared to vio- 
late the sanctity of the shelter which Turkey had 
given him, he should stand up like u crimnal and 
plead before the >arof public opinion of the world ; 
he should 'hear himself arraigned and should hear 
the sentence which that tribunal would pronounce. 
Well, sir, the Kentucky Senator has welk said 
we are making history. We are making it, and 
making - it rapidly. Events are crowding upon 
us in thick succession. It does not become any 
of us, with rash and presumptuous courage or 
temerity, to shut our eyes -to what is before us. 
But, sir, I will say here—and with that close the 
few remarks that I have to make—that 'let be be- 
fore us what may, let the teeming womb of the 
future pour out upon this land what it may, I 
have no doubt and no fear that a righteous judg- 
ment will be pronounced by the enlightened pub- 
lic sentimentof Christendom; and when it is pro- 
nounced, it will be more omnipotent than fleets 
and armies; and it will silence, with its withering 
scorn, the carpings of those who undertake to 
utter anAhing in this day and this crisis incon- 
sistent with the demands of truth and ofa sound 
and conservative patriotism. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi- 
den t— 
PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator yield the floor to enable the Chair to put the 
question on the motion to print the resolutions of 
the Senator from Kentucky ? 
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessec. Yes, sir. 
The motion to print was agl:eed to. 
STATE OF THE UNION. 
The Senate resumed the consideration of the 
following resolution of Mr. POWELL, as modified 
by him on the 10th instant: 
Resolved, That so much of the President's message as 
relates to thé present agitated and distracted condition of the 
country, and the grievances betvveen the slaveholding and 
the non-slavehoiding States, be referred to a special com- 
mittee of thirteen members ; and that said committee be 
instructed to inquire into the present condition of the coun- 
try, and report by bill or otherwise. 
