118 
with the spirit and letter of-the Cori- 
-apd its goaia-nt.ees; and when •.this Shail ; nave 
done, and thé States now in open rebellion against the 
Cnited States, in rCfusing•tO execute the' fugi- 
tiVu shill! persist in- t.heir -present *itieonstitu• 
tional• course, aid the -Federal Government shall' fail or 
ret.Use -t.o execute the daws, in good faith, it (the GQvern- 
npent) not have -t-h@.great design •of, its 
creåttoo,-and Will theretbte, in fact. bé a epråctical diSsoIti2- 
tiön-,--and the StateS,aS .released from thé 
compact wi-i-ich for-med tire:Upion." 
The people Of T-enriesSeb, irrespective of party, 
go on and •declåéesftii:ther: 
'That; iti tti.e icipinion Of-this meeting no State has the 
c6nStitåtlonai hlight- -to geeedé from the Union 'Without the 
off-the -other; States -whieh ratified -the compact. 
The compaet,. when ratified, 'tormed the Union without 
makiig any provision whatever for its dissolution. 
It (the 
Compact.) was adopted by the States in toto and forecer., 
qbithoqitq•esenation-br conditioh hence a secession of one 
orrnore States fro:n the Union, without tbc consent of the 
others ratifying the compact, would be revolution, Icading 
in the cild to civil, and perhaps servile war. VVhile we 
deny the right of a State, constitutionally, to secede froin 
the Union,' we admit the great and inherent right of revo- 
lution, abiding and temaining with cvery people, but a rjuht 
not be exercised, except in extreme cases, 
aod ia the last resort, when grievances are without redress, 
and has become intolerable." 
'Ilhcy declare further: 
That-in our opinion, we can more successfully resist 
"gressjon of Black Republicanism by reinainjng vvithin 
the Union, than We can by going out of it; and niore espe- 
claliy so: •While there is a majority of both branches in the 
Nati(inal' Legislature-oppostd to it, and the Supreme Court 
tutiOn, 
Fi'_bey- go on, and declare further: 
hat we are not willing•.toabandon our northern friends 
who stood by the Constitution of the United States, 
and- in standing by" it have vindieated our rights; arid in 
tlieir vindication have been struck down ; and now, in their 
extretnity,.wc cannot and will not desert them by seceding, 
or otherwise breaking up the Union." 
This is the basis upon which a portion of the 
people of Tennessee, irrespective of party, pro- 
pose to fight this battle. We believe that our true 
position is inside of the Union. We deny the 
doctrine of secession; we deny that a State has 
the power, of its own volition, to withdraw from 
the ConiZ•deracy. W c arc 110t willing to do an 
to comply •with the Constitution of the United 
States. We prefer complying •tvith the Constitu- 
tion and fl&hting our bal.tle, and making our de- 
mand inside of the Uhion. 
I know, Mr. Pi•esident, that;therc are some who 
believe-zand- sce_ some of the States are 
acting •oh State has the right 
to seéedc; that, of its own will, it has a right to 
withdraw from t)'le Confederacy. I am inclined 
. and I know it is in fact, that in many 
portions of the -country this opinion has resulted 
from tho- resolutions of your own State, sir, [ M r. 
MA-sox in the of 1798 and 1799. I propose 
to-day to exa-mine thatsub.ject, for I know from the 
examination of it that tl'iere has been a false im- 
upon my own* tnind i'n reference to 
those resoiutions, and the power proposed to be 
exercised by a State in ing upon its own will. 
W heri we ccnne to cxan-)ine those resolutions, we 
find that the third reads as follows: 
That this Asselllbly doth (i.xplieit.l.y and pereinptorify 
declare that it views the powers of'the Federal Goverurnent, 
as the corn part, to M'bich the States are par- 
ties, as limited by the plain sense and intention of the 
in- 
strument constituting that compau, as no valid than 
th-éy are ;tnthorized by the grallt.anutuerot.ed in that 
pact and that: in ease deliberate, palpable, and dan- 
gerous ex'crci-xe of otbC! powers not. granted by the said 
cmnpaet> the States who are parties. thereto have the right, 
ond are. in duty böu:fid, interpose arrestif)C the progress 
of the evil, 
and -for maintainin« within their respective 
limits, the anil liberties appertaining to 
The.phrascelogy of the Kcrltucky resolutions 
is somewhat broader and more extensive than that 
a St.ote, of' its own will, has the right to secede or 
withdraw. from the Union. The Kentucky reso- 
luti01] ec.'cs to declare that a State has the right 
to judge of the infraction of the Constitution, as 
weål as the mode and measure of redress. This 
is what is declared by that resolution which is 
rc•poatod by so many in speeches and publications 
uiade Ihrotigh the country. Now, let Mr. Madison 
speak for himself* as to what he meant by that 
Mr. Madison, 
in his report upon 
resovat'ion. 
resolutions, goes .on and states e.xpressly 
that in the resolution the 'word States" IS used, 
nolwithstandir)g the word respective" is used. 
Mr. Madison says: 
'•-lt appears to your committee to be a plain princil*d, 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 18, 
founded- in common •sense; illustrated by common prac- 
tice, and essential to the nature of compacts, that, where 
resort can be had to no tribunal superior to the authority ot• 
parties, the parties themselVes must be the' rigbtt•ul judges, 
in•the last resört, whether the bargain made has been pur- 
sued Or violated. The Constitution of the IJnlted States 
was formed by .tbe sanction of the States, given by each 
in its sovereign capacity. It adds to the stability and dig- 
nity, as well as to the authority of the Constitution, that it 
rests on- this legitimate and solid foundation. The States, 
then, being the parties to the constitutional -compact, and 
in their sovereign capacity, it follows of neeessity, 'that 
there can be no tribunal above their authority, to decide, 
in the last resort, whether the compact made by them be 
violated ; and, consequently, that, as the parties to it, they 
must themselves [that is,the States] decide, in the last re- 
sort, such questions as may be of sufiicicnt magnitude to 
require their interposition." 
The States is the idea that is kept up through 
the report. He further remarks: 
But the resolution has done morc than guard against 
misconstruction, by expressly referring to cases of a defib- 
crate, palpable, and dangerous nature. It specifies the ob- 
ject ot the interposition, which it contemplates to be solely 
that of arresting the progress or the evü of usurpation, and 
of maintaining the authorities, rights, and liberties apper- 
taining to the States, as parties to the Constitution." 
Now we find, by thc examination of this sub- 
ject, that Mr. Madison, in his report, explains it, 
and repudiÄtcs the idea that a State, as a member 
of the compact, has a right to judge of an infrac- 
tion of the Constitution or any other grievance, 
and, upon its ox,vn volition, withdraw from the 
Confederacy. I will' here read a letter of Mr. 
Madison to Nicholas P. Trist, in explanation of 
this very proposition: 
MON+PELIER, December 23, 1832. 
DEAR SIR : I have received yours or the 19th, inclosing 
some South Carolina papers. There are in one of them sorne 
interesting views of the doctrine of secession, atnong which 
onc that had occurred to me, and which for the first time I 
have seen in print, namely: that if onc State can at will 
withdraw frcnn the others, the others can withdraw from 
her, and turn her, nodcntem Dolentem, out of tl)ä Union. 
Until 
late there is not a State that would have ab- 
horred such a doctrine inorc than South C•arolina, or 
dreaded an application of it to herself. !lthe saruc may be 
said of the doctrine ot' nullificatiou,which she now preaches 
as the only doctrine by which the Union can be saved. 
I partake of thc M,'onder that the you narne should 
view secession in the li"tlt ynent.ionod. 'I'hc essential diflOr- 
ence between a free Government and a Government not 
free is, that the former is tbunded in compact, the parties 
to which are mutually and equally bound by it. Neither 
of them, thercforc, can have a greater right to break off 
frorn the bargain than thc other or others have to hold him 
to it; and certainly there is nothing in the Virginia reso- 
lutions of 1798 advene to this principle, whicli is that of 
common sense and cornmon justice. 
'I'he fallacy which draws a ditiOrent conclusion from 
them lies in confounding a single party with the parties to 
the constitutional compact of the United States. 
ter, having made the compact, may do what they will with 
it. 'The former, as one of the parties, owes fidelity to it 
till released by consent or absolved by an intolerable abuse 
of the power created. 
In the Vil•ginia resolutions and re- 
port the plural number (States) is in every instance used 
whenever reference is Inade to the authority which pre- 
sided over the Governmeut." 
I-Ic says the plural is used; that G' States" is the 
word that is used; arid when we turn to the res- 
olution we find it 
just as Mr. Madison states, 
thereby cxcluding the idea that a State can sep- 
aratcly and alone detennine, thß question, and have 
the right to secede from the Union. 
As [ am now known to have dr.zwn those documents. 
may say, as do with a distinct recollection, that it was 
intentional. 
IL was in tact require(l by the course of rea- 
sonina on the occasit)l'i. The Kentucky resolu- 
tions, being less guarded, have been nnre easily perverted. 
The pret.ext {Or the liberty taken v.'ith those of Virginia is 
the word 'respective' prefixed to the rights, &c.' to be 
secured withiu the States. Could the abuse of the expres- 
Sion have been foreseen or suspected, the forin of•it would 
doubtless have been varied. But what can be morc con- 
sistont. Witb connnon sense than that all having the right* 
&c., should unite in contending for the security of them to 
It is rein ark able 
how closely the nullifiers, who make 
the name. at• Mr Jefferson the pedestal for their colossal 
heresy, shut their eyes and lips whenever his authority is 
ever so clearly and emphatically against them. You have 
noticed what hc says in his letters to Monroe and Carrinø- 
ton (pp. 43 and 203, vol. '2) with rcspect to tile power of the 
0111 Congress to coerce delinquent States ; and his reason 
for preferring the purpose a navai to a military force ; 
and, moreover, his retnarlc that it wag not necessary to find 
a ritrht to coerce in the Federal articles, that being inherent 
in tnc nature ofa compact* 
*'is high tirne that the claim 
to secede. at will shou\d be pu down by the public opinion, 
and I am glad to see tbc task cornrneneed by one who under- 
stands tbe subject. 
i know nothing of what is passina at Richmond morc 
than what*is scen in the newspapers. You were rigtlt in 
your foresight of the cfFect of passages in t.he late procla- 
mation. They have proven a leaven for much fermenta- 
tion there, and created an alarm awainst the danger of con- 
solidatinn balancin(' that of disunion. 
"VVit11 cordial salutations, 
" JAMES MADISON. 
NICHOLAS P. T Ris•r.-" 
I have another letter of Mr. Madison, written 
in 1833, sustainin«r and carrying out the, same 
interpretation of the resolutions of 1798 and 1799. 
I desire to -road son-le extracts fh•orn that letter. 
Mr. Madison says: 
Much -use has been inade of the terni 'regpcctive' in 
the third resolution of Virginia. which asserts thc right Of' 
the States, in case of sufficient to interpose 
rhaintaining within their respective limits the authorities, 
&c., appertaining ; the term.' respective' bell)" con- 
strued to lhean a constitutional right in each State, sepa- 
rately, to decide on and resist by force encroachrnents 
within its limits. A foresight or apprehension of the mis- 
construction *night cagily have guarded against it. But, to 
say nothing of the distinction between ordinary and extreme 
cases, it is observal)le that in this, as in other instances 
throughout tbe resolutions, the plural' nunber (States) is 
used in referring to them ; that a concürrenee and coöpeea- 
tion of all might well be contemplated in interposiUons fin• 
effecting 'be objects within reach ; and that the languarre 
of the closing resolution corresponds with this view Of the 
third. 
'I'he course of reasonincr in the report on the reso- 
lutions required the distinction between a State and the 
States. 
it surely does not follow, from thc fact of the States, or 
rather the people einbodied in them, having, as parties to 
thc constitutional cotnpact, no tribunal above them, that 
in controverted rneanings of the compact, a minority of the 
parties can rightfully decide against tile majority, still less 
that a single party can decide against the rest, and as litt}e 
that it can at will withdraw itself altogether from its com- 
pact witli tbc rest. 
The characteristic distinction between free govern- 
ments and governments not free, is that the. fortner are 
founded on compact, not between the govermnent and those 
for vvhom it acts, but among the parties creaf,ing the. gov- 
ernrnent. Each of these being equal, neither can have more 
right to say that the compact has bfen violated and dis- 
solved than every other has to deny the fact, and to insist 
on the execution of the bargain. An infbrenco the 
doctrine that, a single State has a right to secede at will 
from the rest. is that the rest would have an equal right to 
secede from it; in other words to turn it, against its will, 
out of its union with them. Such a doctrine would not, 
till of late, have been palatable anywhere, and nowhere less 
so Lbau where it is now most contended tör." 
When these letters are put together they are 
clear arid conclusive. 'Cake the resolutions; take 
the report; take Mr. Madison's expositions of 
them in 1832 and 1833; his letter to Mr. Trist; 
his letter to Mr. Webster; his letter to Mr. Rives; 
and when all are summed up, this doctrine of a 
State, either assuming her highest political atti- 
tude or otherwise, havincr the righi of her own 
will to dissolve all connection with this Confed- 
eracy, is an absurdity, and contrary to the plain 
intent and meaning of the Constitution of the 
United States. I hold that the Constitution of the 
United States makes no provision, as said by the 
President of the United States, for its own de- 
struction. 
It makes no provision for breaking 
up the Governznent, and no State has the consti- 
tutional right to and withdraw from the 
Union. 
In July, 1788, when the Constitution of the 
United States x.vas before the convention of New 
York ratification, Mr. Madison was in the city 
of New York. Mr. Hamilton, who was in the 
convention, wrote a letter to Mr. MadisD1'1 to 
Know if New York could be admitted into the 
Union with certain reservations or conditions. 
One of those. reservations or conditions was, as 
Mr. Hamilton says in his leeter, that they should 
have the privilege of receding within five or seven 
years if certain alterations and amendments were 
not made to the Constitution of the United States. 
Mr. IVIadison, in reply to that letter, makes use 
of the following emphatic language, which still 
further corroborates and carries out the idea that 
the Constitution makes no provision for break- 
ing up the Government, and that no State has a 
right to secede. Mr. Madison says: 
NEW YORK, Sunday eveninry. 
MY DEAR SIR : Yours of yesterday is this instant come 
to*hand; and I have but a few minutes to answer it. mn 
sorry that your situation obliges yon to listen to proposi- 
tiouso the nature you describe. My opinion is, that a 
tion of a right to withdraw if arnendment.s be not 
decided on under the fornr of t.he Constitution within a 
certain tune, is a conditional ratification ; that it does not 
make New York a Inember of the new Union. an(l conse- 
qucntly that she could not be received on that •plan. Cotn- 
pacts must be reciprocal—this principle would not in such 
a case be preserved, 'Phe Constitution requires an adop- 
tion in toto and forever." 
This is the language of James Madison. 
It has been so adopted by the other States.. An adnp. 
lion for-a limited time would be as defective asan adoption 
of sorne of the articles only. In short, any condition "'hat- 
ever must vitiate the ratification. Whåt the new Conzt•ess, 
by virtue of the power to admit ncw States, may he able and 
disposed to do in such ease, do not igqutre, as r suppose 
that not the material point at present. 
havo not a Ino- 
ment to add more than my fervent wishes for your success 
and happiness. The idea of reserving a right to withdraw 
