1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE: 
X,.vas started at Richmond, and considered as a conditional 
ratification, which was itself abandoned as worse than a 
rejection. 
Yours, 
JAMES MADISON, Jr." 
I know it is claimed, and I see it stated in some of 
the newspapers, that Virginia and some ofthe other 
States made a reservation, upon the ratification of 
the Constitution , that certain conditions were an- 
nexed; that they came in upon certain conditions, 
and therefore,they had a right, in consequence of 
those conditions, to do this or the other thing. 
When we examine the journal of the conven- 
tion,- we find that no mention is made Of any res- 
ervation on the ratification of the Constitution by 
the State of Virginia. We find that Mr. Madison 
says, in his letter to Mr. Hamilton, that this idea 
was first mooted at Richmond, and was aban- 
doned as worse than a rejection. His letter was 
written after the ratification of the Constitution 
of' the United States by the State of Virginia. 
Hence he spoke with a knowledge of the fact that 
existed, that no reservation was made; and even 
if it had been made by one of the parties, and not 
sanctioned by •the other parties to the compact, 
what would it have amounted to? T lien we see 
that Mr. Madison repudiates the doctrine that a 
State has the right to secede. We see that his 
resolutions adrmt of no such construction. We 
see that Mr. Madison, in his letter to Mr. Ham- 
ilton, puts the interpretation that this Constitution 
was adopted in toto and forever, without reserva- 
tion and without condition. 
I know that the inquiry may be made, höw is 
a State, then, to have redress? There is but one 
way, and that is expressed by the people of Ten- 
messee. You liave entered into this compact; it 
was mutual; it was reciprocal; and you of your 
own volition have no right to withdraw and break 
the compact, without thc consent of the other 
parties. What remedy, then, has the State? It 
has a remedy that remains and abides with every 
people upon the face of the earth—when griev- 
ances are without a remedy, or without redress, 
when oppression becomes intolerable, they have 
the great inherent right of revolution, and that is 
all there is of it. 
Sir, if the doctrine of secession is to be carried 
out upon the mere whim of a State, this Govern- 
ment is at an end. am as much opposed to a 
strong, or what may be called by some a consol- 
idated Government, as it is possible for a man to 
be; but while am greatly opposed to that, I want 
a Government strong enough to preserve its own 
existence; that will not fall to pieces by its own 
weiøht or whenever little dissatisfaction takes 
I? tl'iC States have 
place in one of its members. 
the right to secede at will and pleasure, for real 
or imtwinary evils or oppressions, I repeat again, 
this Government i_s nt an end; it is not stronger 
than a rope of sand; its own weight will tumble 
it to pieces, and it cannot exist. Notwithstandino 
this doctrine may suit some who are engaged in 
this perilous and impending crisis that is now . 
upon us, duty to my country, dutv to my State, 
and duty to n'W kind, require Ille to avowa doctrine 
that I believe will result in the preservation of the 
Constitution of the United States it expressly 
I provided that you cannot even put one of the 
States of this Confederacy before one of the courts 
I of the country as a party. As a State, the Fed- 
eral Government has no power to coerce it; but 
it is a member of the compact to which it agreed 
in common. with the other States, and this Gov- 
ernment has the l*ht to pass laws, and to enforce 
those laws upon individuals within the limits of 
each State. While the one proposition is clear, 
the other is equally so. This Government can, 
by the Constitution of the country and by the 
laws enacted in conformity with the Constitution, 
operate upon individuals, and has the right and 
the power, not to coerce. a State, but to enforce 
and execute the law upon individuals within the 
limits of a State. 
I know that the term, " to coerce a State," is 
It is a sover- 
used in an ad captandum manner. 
eignty that is to be crushed! How is a State in 
the Union? What is her connection with it? All 
the connection she has with the other States is 
that which is agreed upon in the compact between 
the States. I do not know whether you may con- 
sider it in the Union or out of the Union, or 
whether you simply consider it a connection or a 
disconnection with the other States; but to the 
extent that a State nullifies or sets aside any law 
or any provision of the Constitution, to that ex- 
tent it has dissolved its connection, and no more. 
I think the States that have passed their personal 
liberty bills, in violation of the Constitution of the 
United StateS, coming in conflict with the fugitive 
slave law, to that extent have dissolved their con- 
nection, and to that extent it is revolution. But 
because some of the free States have passed laws 
violative of Che Constitution; because they have, 
to some extent, dissolved their connection with 
this Govern ment, does that justify us of the South 
in following that bad example? Because they have 
passed personal liberty bills, and have, to that ex- 
tent, violated the compact which is reciprocal, 
shall we turn around, on the other hand, and vio- 
late the Constitution by coercing them to a com- 
pliance wit b it? -Will we do so? 
Then I comc back to the starting point: let us 
stand in the Union and upon the Constitution; 
and if anybody is to leave !his Union, or violate 
its guarantees, it shall be those who have taken 
the initiative, and passed their personal liberty 
I am in the Union, and intend to stay in 
bills. 
I intend to hold on to the Union, and the 
it. 
guarantees under which this Union has grown; 
and I do not intend to be driven from it, nor out 
of it, by their unconstitutional enactments. 
Then, Mr. President, suppose , for instance, that 
a fugitive is arrested in the State of Vermont to- 
morrox.v, and under t.he personal liberty bill of that 
Slate, or the law—I do not remember its precise 
title now—which prevents, or is intended to pre- 
vent, the faithful execution of that law, Vermont 
undertakes to rescue him, and prevent the enforce- 
ment of the law: what is it? It is nullification; it 
is resistance to the laws of the United States, made 
in conformity with the Constitution; it is rebel- 
lion; and it is the duty of the President of the 
United States cnforce the law, at ail hazards 
good deal said. &bout the, äcgion, of Vevmont' re- 
cently, in relation -to refuÅing: -to repeal cértäin 
Iat,vs. Much is said aboüt•ita papers 
of the South. I- wiéh that '-thé tfuth: df•that. mat, 
ter was all .lmowp togethef.? The whole: 
should be told. I shall not ocå.zpy time. 
The gentleman can hafe a -little rest;} 
occupy a great while. I {vishq that: I' 
ceed in once obtaining short attention of' 
men on the other side, who seem,to suppoge Chai 
every law concerning. the colored people.. in 'the 
free States is made aøainst the fugitiveslave law. 
Theylook at in thatfiight; and I. see that the one 
in Vermont. which is quoted is the act of 1844. I 
see it is quoted inthe Constitution newspaper as 
being of the number. When Senators speak 
about their being in opposition to the fugitive 
slave law, undoubtedly gen.tlemen mean the 
tivc slave law of -1850. Now, will gentlemen bea:r 
in milld -that. that Very act of Vermont was made 
. six years before that law was Bassed! 'It- had 
nothing in _the world to do with it. 
It should be remembered that in .1842, ip- the 
case of Prigg cs. The Commonwealth of Pennsyl- 
vania, the Supreme Court of the- United .Staæg 
decided that the owner of fugitive slav.é had 
right to go and recapture him in the same-way 
that a Aman might recapture any other personal 
property, subject to having a. suit brought abdut 
it afterwards. When a mun takes a suit 
cun be brought afterwards t.Q. try the title. The. 
Supreme Court decided that -it would be just like 
that, provided the man, in so taking his slave, did 
not violate•nny State law. Now, I say it is to be 
borne in mind that the court recognized two modes 
of reclaiming fugitive staves. One of them is ac- 
cording to the fugitive slave law of Congress, and 
the other is the one I have just spoken of. Now, 
the laws that are made in my State, so far as I 
understand them, with regard to the recapture or 
reclamation of slaves, have nothing whatever to 
do with proceedings under the.fugicive slave law•, 
they relatc to this other branch; this. other mode 
of getting baekzslaves. The- law was passed bc- 
fore the present fugitivc slave law was 
There was a fugitive slave law in 1793; but, any 
man .whc; will read this act of Vermont that'is now 
quoted read it in the light of what have now 
suggested to him, Will see that it does not. relate 
at all to any action under the law of Conuress. It 
goes upon the basis that every State is bound to 
protect. its own citizens; its own people that are 
residents of the State; those who are commorant 
in the State, let their color be whntit, may. That, 
Government, and to repudiate one that I believe 
and to the last extremity. And, to come back to I 
will result in its overthrow, and the consequent I 
the premises, if the Federal Government fails or 
disasters to thc people of i.he United States. 
refuses to execute the laws made in conformity 
If a State can secede, at will and pleasure, and I 
this doctrine is maintained, why, I 'ask, on the w,ith the Constitution, and those States persist in 
their violation and let those unconstitutional acts 
other hand, and as Mr. Madison atBues in one of 
remain upon their statute-books and carry them 
his letters, •cannot a maiority of the States com- 
bine and reject a State out of the Confederacy? I into practice; if the Government, on the one hand, 
fails to execute those laws, and those States, by 
I presume, no one will deny. Then, Wlien it WELB 
said that a man had a right to go and take hie 
slave in a free State by mere rhanucaptiøn, with- 
out resorting to any legal process whatever, can* 
not any man have candor enough to see that it 
was utterly impossible to protect our colored peo- 
ple against those persons who are kidnapperst 
Hence it was that we did what in effect the Su- 
preme Court of the United States.invited sh6uld 
be done; that is,_make such laws as would secure 
our people in their rights against the-assertion of 
the rights of those who go to take uppntheirvown 
strength. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I would ask 
the Senator, before he concludes what he lias to 
say, if the.Legislature of his State did not pass an 
additional law in 1858? 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 was about to remark 
that there are some other laws; but the onc which 
is quoted, tho.one which is relied upon—- 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. well, sir, 1 
Have a rnajorily of these States, under the com- 
pact that they have made with each other, the their enactments, violate them on the other, the I was alluding to their taws generally, the 1 steps 
they have taken either in tbrrner times or recent.ly, 
right $0 combine and reject any one of the States Government is at an end, and the parties are.all 
which come in conflict with the execution of that 
from Confederacy? They have no such right; 
released from the 
provision of the Constitution which provides for 
It was ratified with- Mr. COLLAN/IER. Will the gentleman in- 
the coynpact is reciprocal. 
the restoration of fugitive slaves. 
out reservation or condition, and it was ratified I dulge me one moment? 
Mr. COLLAMER. Before 1 get through, the 
such is the language Of I Mr. .TOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir. 
in toto and forever;" 
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman has made gentleman will hear all that I have got to.say on 
James Madison; and there is but one way to get 
I do hot want to occupy his time much; 
that. 
out of it without the consent of the parties, and i allusion particularly to the laws of my own State. 
I will say to but to co'mplcte my explanation, I must say a lit- 
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
that is, by revolution. 
I say that if any mun will read the law 
I know that some touch the subject with trem- the Senator that his State happened to occur to tle more. 
bling and fear. They say, here IS a State that, I my mind, and I spoke. of it sinoply by way of to which I have alluded—the one that is quoted 
in the. papers—and read it in the light ofthi.s 
perhaps by this time, has seceded, or if not, she 
i}lustration. 
on the road to secession, and we must touch Mr. COLLAMER. I claim the privilege of i decision, and in view of the facts of history ' as 
they h"ve. transpired, he will see that -it was not 
saying a few words about that subject, if the gen- 
this såbject very delicately; and that if the State 
dictated by anv enmity to the fugitiveslaye law; 
secedes, conceding the power. of the Constitution tleman will indulæe me. 
because, while: it imposes severe .peualbies upon 
to her to secede, you must talk very delicately i i Mr. JO NSOiN, of Tennessee, Certainly.- 
the taking away of colored people, and subjects 
II Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, 
upon the subject of coercion. I do not b€dieve 
to punishment all who participate ib such trans. 
tho Federal Govecnment has the power to coerce entering into the thread of the Senator's remarks, 
a State; for by the eleventh amendment Of the with which I generally agree, there- has been a actions, iL goes on to provide, in the. last pqction 
