THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBØ. 
December 18, 
Perry,' Pettit" Porter,-Pottie; Edwin R. Reynolds, John H. 
Reynolds, Rice, Royce, Scranton, Sédgwiék, Spaulding, 
Spinner„ Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan Thayer, 
Tompkins Train; Trimble, Vandever, Verree, Wade• Wal- 
dron, Warton Cadwalåder C.Washburn, Be 
burn-ej israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, and Wood—89. 
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams Adråin, Thomas L. An- 
derson; W illiam C. Anderson, Ashmore, Avery, Barks- 
dare, Barret, Bocock, -Boteler; 'Böüligny- Boyce, Branch, 
Briggs, Cårter - Horace Clark, John B. 
Clark, Clemens, Clopton, Coi)b, John Cochrane,' Cox,- 
James Craig, Craige,- Crawford, Curry, John G. 
Davis, De J4tOéite, Edmund-on, Eriglishl, Etheridgæ,-Flor- 
:enee; -Garriétt, •Gartren. Gilmer, Hardeman; J.- Morrison 
Hairis, Jobn 'If. Harris; Hatton, Holman, 
. William now-ard Hughés» -Jackson Jones Kunkel* Lan- 
d'_um, Larrabee, .%ames M.' Leach-, deake, Logan, Maclay, 
Mgllory Chories D. Martin, Maynard, McClernä1id, Mc- 
Kenty;in3Queen, Mpntgomery, Laban T. Moore, Syden- 
mm Moore; Isaac N. Morris,' Nibiack, Noell, Pendleton, 
iPryor, Pugh,. Quarles, Reagan Riggs, James C. 
Robinson - Scott, Shertnan, Sickles, 
imms, Singleton. 
William• gniith;WilIiain N. II. Smith, Stallworth, Steven: 
son, •James A, Stewart, Stokes, Thomas, Underwood, 
Vance, Webster, Woodson, and Wright—92. 
So the House refused to lay the whole subject 
on the table. 
Daring the vote, 
Mr. SCOTT stated that Messrs. BURCH and 
STOUT were engaged on the committee of thirty- 
Mr. BRANCH stated •that Mr. RUFFIN was 
confined to his room by indisposition. 
Mr. BURNHAM made a statement in 
re ard to Mr, WOODRUFF. 
VALLANDIGHAM (when his name 
was caliéd) •said: I concur generally in this reso- 
lution, though, upon one point, I would word it 
to avoid miSinterpretation. But this 
Gofeynment cannot now be saved by resolutions. 
I was absent yesterday, and did not vote then 
upon certain resolutions for that reason ; and I pro- 
pose now to decline voting upon all similar prop- 
ositions, until someåing shall be presented in a 
practical way and form. 
Mr. THLAKER stated that if he had been 
present when his name was called he would have 
voted ay." 
Mr. MOORHEAD made a similar statement. 
Mr. FOUKE stated that if he had been present 
when his name was called he should have voted 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. 1 ask the unani- 
mous consent of the House to vote on this ques- 
tion. 
It has been customary to allow gentlemen 
who Were absent to come in and vote on these 
questions. 
MrwHOARD. 1 object. 
Mr. B,+RTIN, of Virginia. 1 was on 
business at the Department, and could not pos- 
Bibly get here in time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose of enabling 
me to submit a privileged motion, I change my 
*Otejand vote in the negative. I wish all the 
members of the Houseto be present, and to record 
their votes on this proposition. 
The vote was announced as above recorded. 
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose of giving 
all an opportunity ofa direct vote upon this ques- 
tion, I svill move to reconsider the vote just taken, 
by which the House refused to lay the resolution 
Oh the table. That will give us all an oppor- 
tunity. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If it be in order, 
I will mover that there tbc a call of the House. 
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order to 
move a Call Of the House, the main question 
having- been 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 desire now, in order to 
accomplish the same object stated by the gentle- 
man from Ohio, that we may have a direct vote 
upon the issue which we on this side desire to 
present, to state modification which I propose 
to the resolution as submitted yesterday. I ask 
that it be read; and then gentlemen can determine 
whether they object to it. 
Several MEMBERS objected. 
Mr. STEVENSON, lay the motion 
to reconsider on the table, and upon that motion 
call the eas and nays. 
Mr. JURRY. 1 desire to ask this question 
of the Chair: I wish to know whether it is in 
order to make the motion to reconsider twice? 
We have' just voted down a motion to lay the 
motion to reconsider on the table. 
The SPEAKER. The motion iust voted on 
was to lay the resolution on the table. 
Mr. BARKSDALE. -1 desire to inquire of the 
the motion to reconsider on the table, if carried 
by the House? What would be the next ques- 
tion before the House ? 
The SPEAKER. The question would then 
recur on the motion of the gentleman from Ken- 
tucky [Mr. STEVENSON] to lay on the table the 
motion to reconsider the vote by which the main 
question was ordered to be put. 
Mr. BARKSDALE. And if the motion to 
reconsider be laid on the table, the question will 
then come' up directly on the resolution? 
The SPEAKER. It will, unless another mo- 
tion to lay on the table be made. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I hope v.ze shall be 
permitted to take a direct vote upon this question. 
Mr. SHERMAN. If 1 withdraw my motion 
to lay on the table, can we have one square vote 
upon the resolution ? 
Several MEMBERS. Yes. 
Mr. ADRAIN. The gentleman from Ohio can- 
not withdraw my motion. I moved to reconsider 
the vote by which the main question was ordered, 
and do not withdraw that motion. 
Mr. KUNKEL. I understand the previous 
question •has been called, and the main question 
ordered, on the resolution of the gentleman from 
Georgia. Am I correct ? 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states cor-. 
rec.tly. 
Mr. KUNKEL. Then, sir, 1 make this point 
of order: that it is not now in order to move 
to reconsider the vote of the House refusing to 
lay upon the table the main proposition, or to 
vote upon any other proposition except upon 
the motion of the gentleman from Newy Jersey, 
or a motion to adjourn. The privileged ques- 
tions are specified in their order m the rules, and 
one of them is the motion to lay on the table. The 
vote has been taken on that motion, and I submit 
that it is not in order to move to' reconsider the 
vote by which the House refused to lay the res- 
olution on, the table, while the main question is 
still operating. 'Tl')at is my question of order; 
and I ask that, before the Chair decides it, he will 
have the rule read which states what. privileged 
questions have priority. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the 
question of order, and decides that the motion of 
the gentleman from Ohio is in order. 
Mr. KUNKEL. ask the Clerk to read the 
rule stating the privileged motions which it is 
competent to make after the main question has 
been ordered. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of no spe- 
Cial rule governing this case. 
If the gentleman 
will refer to the rule, it will be read. The Clerk 
cannot find such a rule. 
IVIu•. STEVENSON. If 1 withdraw my motion 
to lay on the table, will the question then arise 
directly upon the motion of the gentleman from 
Ohio? 
The SPEAKER. It will. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 understand that 
if the motion to lay on the table be withdrawn, 
the motion to reconsider, made by the gentleman 
from New Jersey, will then be withdrawn, and we 
may have a vote directly upon the resolution. 
Mr. SHERMAN. With the understanding 
that we may have one direct square vote upon the 
resolution, without division of the question, I am 
willing to withdraw the motion to lay on the table. 
Mr. A DRAIN. I desire that my amendment 
shall be acted on by the House; and to enable me 
to offer it, I moved to reconsider the vote by which 
the main question was ordered; and cannot 
withdraw that motion unless the gentleman from 
Georgia is willing to accept my amendment as a 
part of his resolution. 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 will not consent to 
any modification. of the resolution, unless it be 
done in order. 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 now ask that the Clerk may 
read, upon the point. of order which I a moment 
ago raised, from page 127 of the compilation made 
up by the Journal clerk of the House. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
When a question is under debate, no motion shali be 
received but to adjourn, to lie on the table, för the previous 
question, to postpone to a dw certain, to commit or amend, 
to postpone indefinitely ; which several motions shall have 
precedence in the order in which they are arranged." 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 am aware that the motion 
to reconsider may be made after the main question 
Chair, what will be the effect of the motion to lay II hag becn ordered; but i submit that the motion I 
to lay on the table having been décided by the 
House in the negative, it is not in order to bring 
it again before the House on a motion to recon- 
sider; otherwise, we cou\d never be able to dis- 
pose of the preliminary motions, and come to a 
direct vote upon the main question. 
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the 49th 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
When a motion has been once made, and carried in the 
affrmative or negative, it shall be in order for any member 
of the majority to move for ibe reconsideration thereof on 
the same or succeeding day'; and such motion shall take 
precedence of all other questions, except a Inotion to ad- 
journ, and shall not be withdrawn after the said succeeding 
day Without the consent of the House ; and thereafter any 
member may call it up tör éönsideration." 
Mr. KUNKEL. In connection with that, 1 
ask the Clerk to read down to the bottom of the 
page from the Manual. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 object. The .Chair has 
decided the point of order, and there is nothing 
before the House upon which this reading can 
proceed. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided the 
question of order. He, however, was willing to 
hear the rule read. The Chair is perfectly satis- 
fied that it is competent for the gentleman from 
Ohio to make the motion to reconsider. Does he 
insist upon his motion 
Mr SHERMAN. 1 do. 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from 
Kentucky insist upon his motion to lay the mo- 
tion to reconsider on tlO table? 
Mr. STEVENSON. do. 
The SPEAKER. Then the question is upon 
the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Before a vote is taken upon 
the proposition pending, I would be glad to ac- 
cept of the proposition of the gentleman from 
Ohio, to 
e one direct, square vote upon thc 
matters in bntroversy between the different sec- 
tions which we respectively represent. But ac- 
cording to my understandine, the proposition as 
now presented does not, with as perfect accuracy 
as it might, make its statcments of facts; and in 
order that these statements may be made perfectly 
plain and palpable, that there may be no dodging, 
I ask that a substitute which I have before me 
may be read, and that the gentleman from Geor- 
Bia may be permitted to substitute it for his own, 
If he shall so wish. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 object. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Then it is evident that gen- 
tlemen do not desire a fair and square vote upon 
this matter. 
Mr. GILMER. I have desired all the nn•ning 
to have an amendment which wish to propose 
to the resolution of the gentleman from Georgia 
read. Now, unless that can be done, must 
respectfully object to any other proposition being 
read. 
Mr. A DRAIN. I object to the reception of any 
amendment until my own is received, for it was 
the first one offered. 
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the 
amendment of the gentleman from North Carolina 
cannot be entertained. 
The yeas and nays were ordered on Mr. STE- 
VENSON'S motion that the motion to reconsider be 
laid upon the table. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the negative—yeas 87, nays 91; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adraln, 'Thomas L. An- 
derson, William C. Anderson, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, 
Barret, Bocock, Boteler, Boulignv, Boyce, Branch, Briggs, 
Brown, Burnett, Horace F. Clark; John B. Clark, Clemens. 
Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox, Jan)es Craig, Burton 
Craige, Crawford, Curry, John G. Davis, De Jarnet.te, Ed- 
mundson, English, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell, 
Gilmer, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harris, 
Hatton, Hill, Hindman, Hohnan, Hughes, Jackson, Jones, 
Kilgore, Kunkel, Landrum, Larrabee. James M. Leach, 
Leakc, Logan, Maclay, Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Elbert 
S. Martin, McClernand, McKent.y, Montgomery, Laban 
T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, 
Noel', Pendleton, Peyton, Pryor, Quarles, Reagan, Riggs, 
James C. Robinson, Scott, Sickles, Simms, Singleton, 
William Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson, James A. Stew. 
art, Stokes, Thomas, Underwood, •Vance, Webster, Wood- 
son, and Wright—87. 
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, 
Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Bumnton, Burlin- 
garne, Buriham, Butterfield, Cärev Carter, Case, Colfax, 
Conkling, Covode, Curtis, Dawes • belano, Edgerton. Ed- 
wards, Diiot, Ely, Farnsworth, Benton, Fosier, Frank, 
French, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Guriey, Hale, 
Hall, Hel- 
mick, Hoard, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis VV. Kcl- 
necker, Loomis, Lovejoyj McKean, McKnight, McPher- 
