1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
r25 
son, Millward, Moorhead, Edward Joy Mörris, Nixon, 
Perre#, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, 
John Reynolds, Rice, Royce, Scranton, Sedgwick, 
Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, 
Tappan, Thayer, rr•heaker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, 
Vandever, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader 
C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, 
Wells, Wilson, and Wood—n. 
So the House refused to lay the motion to re- 
consider upon the table. 
The question then recurred on the motion to 
reconsider the vote by which the House refused 
to lay the whole subjectupon the table; anditwas 
taken, and a reed to. 
The SPE{KER. The question now is, shall 
the whole question be laid upon the table ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it the understanding of 
the House that there shall be but one:vote on the 
adoption of the resolution ? 
Mr. BURNETT. Oh, no. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Then 1 demand the yeas 
and nays on the motion to lay upon the tablei 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was takep on Mr. SHERMAN'S 
motion; and it was decided in• the amrmative— 
yeas 88, nays 81; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Babbitt, Beåle, 
Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Buffnton Burlingame, 
Butterfield, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax, Conkling, Co- 
vode,'Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duel', Edgerton, Edwards, 
Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Frank, Gooch, 
Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Helmick, flick:nan, 
Hoard, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, 
Kenyon, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, 
Loomis, Lovejoy. McKean, McKnight, McPherson, Mill- 
ward, Moorhead,' Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Perry, Pet- 
Rice, Royce, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, 
Stanton, William EStewart, Tappan, Theaker, 'l'ompkins, 
'I'rain, Trimble, Vandever, Verree, Wade, Waldron, W Zü- 
ton CadwaladerC. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel 
Wells, Wilson, and Wood—S7. 
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adatns, Adrain, 'l'homas L. An- 
derson, Ashley, Barksdale, Barret, Bocock, Boteler, Boyce, 
Briggs, Brown, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, 
Cteniens, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox, James 
Craig, Burton Craige, Cravvford, Curry, John G. Davis, De 
Gilmer, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, John Harris, 
Hatton, Hill, Hindman, I-Iolrnan, Hughes, Jackson, Jones, 
Kunkel, Landrutn, Larrabee, Jmnes M. Leach, Leake, 
Locræui, Maclay, Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, McClernand, 
Mckenty, Montgomery, Laban Moore, Sydenham 
Moore, [sane N. Morris, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Pey- 
ton, Pryor, PuglJ, Quarles, Reagan, Riggs, Scott, Sickles, 
Simms, Singleton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith, 
Stall worth , Stevenson, J ames A. Stewart, Stokes, Thomas, 
Underwood, Vance, Webster, WoodsOn, and Wright—el. 
So the I-louse agreed to lay the whole subject 
upon the table. 
During the vote, 
Mr. KILGORE stated that his colleague, Mr. 
DüNN, •was absent, and in attendance on the select 
committee of thirty-three by leave of the House. 
Messrs. AVERY and MAYNARD (not 
within the bar when their names were called) asked 
leave to vote. 
Objection was made. 
The vote was announced as above recorded. 
Mr. WA'SHBURN,0fMaine. recon- 
sider the vote just taken; and also move that the 
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider 
having been once made and acted upon, it is not 
now in order to renew it. 
LANDER'S WAGON ROAD. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 ask the 
unanimous consent of the House to introduce the 
following resolution: 
Resolved, That tbe Secretary of the Interior be requested 
to communicate to this House a copy of the report Inade by 
F. W. Lander, superintendent of the Fort Kearny, South 
Pass, and Honey Lake wagon road, to the Commissioner 
of Indian Affairs, on the subject of hostilities on the part 
of the-Pah Utah Indians in western Utah during the spring, 
stnnmer, and fall of 1860. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 should like to 
hear some reason stated for the adoption of the 
resolution. 
It calls for 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
important införmation which this House ought 
to have in its possession. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 do not see what 
use it can be to us. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Win the resolution re- 
quire additional clerical force to supply the inform- 
atiön ? 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I presume 
not, sir. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. If that provisiån be in- 
serted in the resolution, i will not object to it. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 accept it 
as a modification of mv resolution. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 object to the 
introduction of the resolution.. 
REVENUE LAWS. 
The SPEAKER. The business first in order 
is the consideration of the special order for this 
day, which is House bill No. 21, for the simplifi- 
cation and codification of the existing revenue 
laws of the United States, and for other purposes. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. That bill Was made 
the special order for this day. It is not proper, 
nor has it been understood by the friends of the 
bill, that' it should be -taken up and acted upon 
to-day. It ought at all events be acted upon at 
this session of Congress. As it has been suggested 
there is urgent business which ought to be passed 
upon to-day, I move that the further considera- 
tion of this special order be postponed until the 
third Tuesday of January next. 
The question was taken; and the motion was 
agreed to. 
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL, 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 now call up for consideration 
House bill No. 835, to secure contracts and make 
provision for the safe, certain, and more speedy 
transportation, by railroad, of mails, troops, mu- 
nitions of war, military and naval stores, between 
the Atlantic States and those of the Pacific, and 
for other purposes, which was postponed to this 
dav. 
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, it is perhaps 
necessary for me to state at this time that I ob- 
I object to 
ject to the consideration of that bill. 
it upon the ground that it must have its first con- 
sideration in the Committee of the Whole on the 
state of the Union. I made this point of order at 
the time this special order was last under consid- 
eration. While I have no disposition to inter- 
fere with anv remarks which the gentleman from 
Iowa [Mr. CURTIS] may desirc to submit, still I 
presume that it is necessary for me to make and 
to insist on my point of order at- this time—that 
this bill, making an appropriation, must have its 
first consideration in the Committee of the Whole 
on the state of the Union. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has distinct 
recollection that the point of order now stated was 
raised by the gentleman from North Carolina 
when this Pacific railroad bill was last under con- 
sideratfon. When it was about to be postponed, 
the Chair stated that when the bill again came up 
the point of order would be acted upon. The 
point of order, therefore, will now be considered 
and acted upon. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 will present the grounds 
upon which I base my point of order. 
Mr. CURTIS. I think that this matter was 
fully argued at the last session, and that the gen- 
eral opinion was thata bill like this might, under 
the amended rules of the House, be considered 
and acted upon without a reference to the Com- 
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. 
I am, however, willing to submit the question to 
If it be decided that 
the decision of ethe Chair. 
the bill must go to the Committee of the Whole 
on the state of the Union, I shall move that the 
House resolve itself into the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union, in order that we 
1 hope 
may take it up and consider it at once. 
it may be considered and acted upon in the House. 
The SPEAKER. The point of order will now 
be considered and decided. 
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Iowa is 
mistaken in supposing that this question was dis- 
cussed at the last session. i made the point of 
order when the bill was reported from the special 
committee; but on the postponement of the bill to 
this day, the point of order went over with it. 
This, Sir, is the first time that the point of order 
could properly be discussed and decided. The 
grounds upon which I make the point of order 
are these: the fourth section of the bill provides 
for the issuing of bonds of the United States in 
certain contingencies and in prescribed amounts. 
The 110th rule of the House requires that— 
No znotion or proposition for a tax or charge upon the 
people shall be discussed the day upon which it is made or 
offered ; and every such proposition shall receive its first 
discussion in a Committee of the Whole House." 
And rule 112 requires, further, that— 
All proceedings touching appropriations of money shall 
be first discussed in a Committee of the Whole House. 
As I have, already stated' 'the bill provides for 
issuing bondsof the United States on certain con• 
tingencies therein described:. The : act of Con- 
gress of 1853, tenth chapter of 'the Statutes. at 
Large, page 212, provides as follows: 
"sand be it further enacted, That the Secretary of?' the 
Treasury be, and he is héreby, authori±ed to purchase* at the 
current market price, any of the outstanding -stocks;of- tbé 
United States, as he may think most advisable, from "any 
surplus funds in the' Treasury : Provided, That the bältinéb 
in the Treasury shall not at any time be reduced below 
Under that section of the act of, 1853, the Sec• 
retary of the Treasury can purchase, or in other 
words, apply the- surplus-in the Treasury to- the 
redemption of the bonds provided for in this bill 
without any further appropriation by Congress. 
I therefore'hold that this bill does make an appro- 
priation of mongy, Such asis contemplated by the 
rules, and such as requires that it shall have its 
first consideration in the Committee;of the Whole 
on the state of the Union. - This same point was 
made during the last Congress,- on the -bill pro- 
viding for the payment of the claims for Flinch 
It was then fully argued.: It was 
spotiations. 
discussed by the möst skillful and experienced 
parliamentarians of the House. Mr. Speaker Orr, 
having taken full time for reflection, decided that 
the bill must go to the Committee of the Whole 
on the state of the Union; and to that committee 
it went. There was an appeal taken from the de- 
cision of the Chair, and the House at that time 
sustained the decision made by Speaker Orr by a 
vote of 128 to 59. I take it, then, that the point 
has been fully settled by the House itself. 
sustained by an overwhelming vote of the House 
itself. 
I might as well rest the case on this decision of 
the House, and On the plain language and intent 
of thc rule itself; but, Mr. Speaker, I think the 
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. CURTIS J will agree 
with me that a bill of the magnitude of this; a bill 
that, in all probability, involves a larger pecuniary 
interest, and more important material interests of 
this country, than any single bill that ever came 
before Congress, ought not to be passed under the 
operation of the previous question, withotit giving 
those gentlemen who are familiar with the subject- 
matter of it, and who desire to offer amendments 
and discuss it, an opportunity to do so. I think 
the very reason of It ought of itself to carry the 
bill to the Committee of the Whole. I should en- 
tertain strong hopes, even if the rules of the House 
did not require it, that a majority of the House 
would not take up, and undertake to consider and 
pass, a bill of the magnitude•of this, witho•ut re- 
ferring it to the Committee of the Whole on the 
state of the Union, where an_opportunity will be 
given for amending and discussing it. I rest the 
case on that rule of the House, and the ruling of 
tho Speaker of the last House, sustained by the 
House itself; and therefore I insist that the bill 
shall be referred to the Committee of the Whole 
on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SICKLES. Is this question debatable? 
The SPEAKER. It is.„ 
Mr. SICKLES. I suppose that the question 
whether the bill ought, from its importance, to 
be considered in the Committee of the Whole on 
the state of the Union is wholly distinct from the 
point of order. There are many reasons adduced 
why this bill should properly be considered in the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, 
but those reasons ought to be rendered upon a 
motion to refer the bill to that committee. The 
point of order is • technical one, strictly, and I 
do not concur with the gentleman from North 
Carolina in the view he takes upon that point. 
There are, I think, many precedents which may 
be referred to, where bills which have authorized 
contracts to be entered into have not been consid- 
ered in the Committee of the Whole on the state 
of the Union. If I •remember rightly, a bill which 
was considered at the last session of Congress, 
authorizing a telegraph line to the Pacific to be con- 
tracted for, was not considered in the Committee 
of the Whole. That is my impression. At all 
events, the rule does not require that latitude of 
construction. An appropriation bill, we all -know, 
must be considered in the Committee of the Whole. 
This is not, in any fair sense of the- Word', - an 
appropriation bill. The point, I repeat, is a 
technical one, and must be. •decided by the rule. 
Whether or not the bill, from its importance, 
