1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOOE, 
127 
Isa t. weas precisely the point that was in issue 
:ase in the last Congress. The words in 
frifl weie the same. The reasons are the 
If' we should pass the bill now bcforc us, 
the- Secretary of the Treasury could, under the 
aet of' 1853, whenever there is a surplus in the 
Treasury, recieeln everv single one of the bonds 
provided the •bill, without Congress ever 
being called - upon to make an appropriation, or 
withoutour having an opportunity to exercise any 
control whatever over it. A general law of Con- 
gress makes an appropriation for the payment of 
'I'he gentleman from 101,va shakes his 
bonds. 
head. The act of 1853, to which I have referred, 
expressly authorizes the Secretary -of the Treas- 
ury to pay any outstanding bonds of the United 
States whenever there is a surplus in the Treas- 
ury amount.ing to more than $6,000,000. This 
bill provides only for issuing the bonds. The 
ge.neral act of Congress then comes into play, 
authorizing the Secretary of the 'Treasury to pay 
these bonds. So that in the act of passing this 
bill we autl-lorize the withdrawal from the 'I'reas- 
ury of as much money as shall be required to pay 
the bonds provided for in the bill itself. 
Now, since have been a member of the House, 
I have never known any question relatincy to the 
proceedings of tbc House, more fully or more 
thoroughly discussed tllan was the question of 
the French spoliation bill, last Congress. The 
point of order was made by the honorable gentle- 
man from Virgikia, (Mr. Letcher.) 
It wag dis- 
cussed by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. 
HOUSTON,] and the gentleman f'rom Georgia. (Mr. 
Stephens.) 'l*he Speaker, himself an experienced 
parliamentarian, considered the question for sev- 
eral hours. He examined it thoroughly, and thc 
decision ho thon made covered not only 
the whole ground in that case, but ig identically I 
' on all fours" with the case now before us. 
The language is so identically the sarne that we 
might very well infer that the fourth section of 
this bill had been copied from the section of the 
French spoliation bill on which the Speaker sent 
that bill to the Committee of the Whole on the 
1 desire to take no advantage 
state of the Union. 
I only ask that the bill 
of the friends of the bill. 
shall take the course which our rules prescribe 
for bills not involving a hundredth part of the im- 
portant considerations involved in this, because 
the public interest demands full discussion and a 
fair opportunity of amending the bills; which 
opportunity cannot be had except in the Com- 
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. 
Tl'he gentleman from Iowa refers to the fact that 
this bill was before the House for two days last 
session, and that no point of order was made on 
it, as an arcrumcntwhy this point of order should 
not be now sustained. Does not the gentlenmn 
from Iowa perceive that it may be, that the very 
diversity of opinions that was made manifest 
during those two days in the discussion of the bill, 
may have been the very reason that induces me 
and other membcrs to desire now that the bill 
should mo to the Committee of the W hoic on the 
state of the Union, vv•here every gentleman feel- 
ing an interest in it, and whose constituents feel 
an interest in it, can have an opportunity to dis- 
cuss and amend it? I confess that no point of 
order was made. I do not know that I was pres- 
ent when the bill was taken up for consideration 
before; but if I had been present, and had failed 
to make the point of order, I am perfectly Well 
satisfied, from my recollection of the debate, that 
Mr. am of 
the practice of the House, he held that it was com- 
l)etent for the House to consider it without its that committee, and •I' desire to Say that; accord- 
having been considered in the Committee of -the ing to my -underständing, the bill', US recOrnmittéd 
Whole on the state of the Union. An appeal was to the cömmittee, underwent some. material-'niddi„• 
ficat.ions and changes, cmbracihg,.iij• fact, the fea- 
taken from the Speaker's decision; and on motion; 
the appe.al was laid on the table. I think the cases I ture in question in relation to thåSe-bohds.t 
The provisions in the original bill Néré •whdil',y 
are precisely analogous. 
Mr. GARNETT. f suggest that the case to 
which the; gentleman from Pennsylvania refers 
was before the passage of the act of 1853, referred 
to by the gentleman from North Carolina. 
The. SPEAKER. The Chair asks the gentle- 
man from Pennsylvania whether an appropria- 
tion had riot been previously made in that case? 
Mr. McKNIGHT. No, sir; This 
decision was made by a gentleman who was per- 
fectly familiar with parliamentary rules. 
Mr. BRANCH. What is the de- 
cision ? 
Mr. McKNIGHT. August, 1850. 
Mr. BRANCH. That was three years before 
the passage of the law on which I based lily Ob- 
jection. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 suggest that the act of 1853 
only relates to the bonds then . issued, and could 
not, havo a-prospective effect. 
It could not refer 
to bonds 1')0t then in existence. 
Mr. BRANCH. The House decided differ- 
cntly; because the French spoliation bill required 
bonds to be issued, and the House decided that 
they were mnbraced within the act of 1853. 
Mr. SHERMAN. It me that 
stated by the gentleman from Iowa settles this 
tnatter. T hc bill has been already considered in 
the I-louse for two days without objection. 
was discussed and amended. 
'ithat is an entire mistake. A 
BRANCH. 
Pacific raiiroad bill was discussed for two days 
by tho House. 'At. the end of these two days, 
owing to the diversity of opinionsmaniföstcd, the 
House reéornmitted the bill to the special com- 
r l'hc bill now before the 
mittee on thc subject. 
House is reported by that special committee, and 
has never been considered in the House. 
Mr. SEIERMÆ\N. I arn Informed that. this is 
t hc sarne bill as was discussed last session, with 
some amendrucnts. 
iV1r. BRAINCH. Will the gentleman from Ohio 
contend that that alters the case, even though the 
bill was word for word the same as that which 
svas recommitted ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. I f' it is thc sarne bill as was 
lust session, and is merely reported 
back with certain amendments, thilllc the gen- 
tleman '8 objection not to it. 
Mr. BRANCH. Does the gentleman from Ohio 
con tend that because tho same bill is reported 
back, the point of order is waived because that 
bill was discussed for two days under a former 
report ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 that if this bill was 
discussed for two days without obicction, it is too 
late now to interpose objection. ft makes no dif- 
fercnce if that bill were, in the mean time, referred 
It comes back I-he same 
to dozen committees. 
bill, W'ith amendmeuts•. and it sccms to me that, 
it having been discussed in thc House, the point 
that it should be considered in the Cornrniftee of 
the -Whole on the state of the Uni01) is waived. 
do not say whether the point is well taken or 
I have not read the bill, and arn not compe- 
not. 
tent to judge' of it. 
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Ohio-is 
I tuistaken. in supposing that this bill has becn dis- 
I would have seen the necessity of having the bill cussed in the House two days. This bill hos 
never been under consideration at all. The mo- 
sent to the Committee of the Whole on the state 
of the Union, in order that it might be fully dis- 
cussed and considered. 
Mr. McKNIGHT. to call the atten- 
tion of the House to a precedent referred to in 
Barclay 's Digest. It is a decision made in August, 
1850, by Mr. Cobb, the then Speaker. Mr. Rich- 
ardson, from the Committeeeon Military Affåirs, 
had reported a bill for the relief of Jacob P. Mont- 
gomery, and it being proposed to discuss it at that 
time, the point of order was raised that, as the bill 
directed the payment. of a sum of money by the 
Paymaster General, it should be first, under the 
133d rule, considered in the Committee of 
' l" he Speaker 
Whole cn the state ot• the Union. 
decided that, notwithstanding the Pay lnaster Gen- 
eral was directed to pay•a cert.ain sum of money, 
there was no appropriation made by the bill out 
of which it would be paid; and in conformity with 
ment it was reported by the committee I made the 
point of order that it must to the Committee of 
It has never been considered in the 
the Whole. 
House at all.. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not know anythingas 
to that fact; but I am informed by chairman 
of the committee which reported the bill, that this 
is substantiallv the same bill which was under 
discussion for •two days in the House. 
Mr. CU R'I'IS. I do not recollect. the number 
of the bill as it was originally • reported to the 
Elouse, but this is substantial! v the same bill. 
IN'1r. BRA N CH. I understand the gentleman 
t from Iowa, then, to admit that this is not the 
same bill. 
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly it is the same bill, 
with amendments, which have been made by the 
It is substantially the same bill. 
committee. 
, different. 
Mr. CURTIS. The -gentleman is mistakéri. 
The- provision in relation to these contracts 'is: in 
precisely the same words asin the bill which 
cönsideréd in the last session. There were, how- 
ever, several modifications made. One-question 
which arose in the House, was, as to whether 
. there should bo a corporation, and-in relation to 
that we introduced certain words into this -bill, 
which I wilt read to the House: 
Pro-vided further, 'l'hat the said persons and their- assö- 
ciates shall- not be:or. becomevested:wlttl any grant, right/ 
or interest intended to be secured by the provisions of this: 
act otherwise than in' a corporate character and capacity; 
to be first acquired by them or such of tfjern as shall a-céebtk 
the terms ahd conditions -Of t)iS aög, Within (lie -terri.törial 
ana State jurisdictions into •anß-througb whiCh the rai-froad.' 
contenvlated by this act shall ber constructed. 
That is one of the amendments whiclv we -in-: 
•serted, and a principal one, too. But to make the" 
provision still more definite in regard •to -mort- 
gages, we introduce another proviso, which is as 
follows: 
Proeided, That said corporation or corporations shäll 
have fifty milc sections ofa railroad and telegraph line -conv 
pleted as herein mentioned, and such State or territorial 
laws procured and first mortgaae executed as shall, in the 
opinion of the Attorney General of the United States, render. 
the mortgage lien herein conten)plate.d a legal security for 
the bond* advanced, betöre lands or bonds shall be con- 
veyed by the Government of the United States. 
Another amendment was attached-to the bill in 
committee, and this is in reality the most import- 
It is comprised .in "the 
ant change in the bill. 
thirteenth section, and provides for a southern 
Pacific railroad to be carried on in connection- 
with a central and northern, railroad. Still, t 
is, as I have said, substantially the same bill* as 
the one on which the House has already acted. 
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman will allow 
me, I desire to say that I have sent for and have 
before me the report of the select committee, in 
which they refer to the bill now reported as con- 
taining certain modifications of the bili which 
was recommitted to them. So that the honorable 
gentlem'an from Iowa will see that this is cer- 
tainly, in a parliamentary sense, a different biil* 
according to the report of the committee itself. 
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly. not; the report from 
which the gentleman reads states tl•nat it is sub- 
stantially the same bill. 
Mr. BRANCH. But it is not the same bill. 
Mr. CURTIS. Oh, that is a mere technical 
objection. 
Mr. BRANCH. It ié the same bill, with alter- 
ations. 
Mr. CUR'I'IS. It is the same bill. Certain 
sections are rnodified. It is a very. long bill', as 
the gentleman will see. I do not wish to consume 
the time of the House in relation to tlie- -matter, 
or to seem captious about it. •All wish is, that 
the question of order shall be fairly considered, 
and then, if the Speaker says it must go to the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union 
i shall submit, and move that the House «o into 
committee at once for its consideration; butl shali 
do all I can to prevent its going there, because 
am very well satisfied, from the course taken 
the House when the matter was before under con- 
sideration, two or three days will be con- 
sumed, and I do not desire to occupy so rriuch of' 
the time of the House. It is my determination to 
press (be bill to ü final vote as speedily as possi- 
ble, and thm•efore I am desirous to keep it in the 
House. -I ask for the decision of the Chair upon 
the question of order. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has some 
lection on his Iiind that when this subject. was last 
up, the question was propounded by the gentle- 
man from North Carolina whether, if the bill was 
posq.joned until this time, his question of' order 
would come up when the bill came affain before 
Chair replied in the affrmative, 
the House 
for the reason that the bill would come before the 
House in the precise condition in which it stood 
when tl'ie postponement took t)iace, The Chair 
therefore decides that in good faith' he is bound: 
to entertain the question of order raised by the 
gentleman from North Carolina. 
