128 
The Chair, whether considering the question 
raised in the -lighi of decisions a-hecady made by 
his predecessors, or as an original proposition, 
cannot entertain a doubt that the bill does make 
an appropriation within the. meaning of the rule. 
He believes the great object and scope of the rule 
to be,l that when the House -is aböut to make a 
didposition ofasum of the public money, it_should 
have the opportunityofdiscussingthe p'roposition 
in the.Committee of the Whole. This bill makes 
the Govefnment liable, the Chair. finds, for a very 
large surn of money—some $60,000,000. The 
question:seems to be raised whether the binding 
of. the Gevei•nment-to pay a sum of-money is, 
within the meaning of the rule, an appropriation, 
unless there is a specific sum actually named for 
the payment of the debt or redemption of the bonds. 
Waiving the consideration of that question, how- 
ever, the twelfth section of the bill- does, it seems 
to the Chair, mhe a direct appropriation. It is 
in these words: 
That the bonds authorized to be issued by the provisions 
of this act shali be made payable to bcarer, and redeemable 
at-the Treasury of the United•States in thirty years from the 
date thereof, bearing interest at the rate of five per eentum 
per annum, payable semi-annually at the 'I'•reasury 01' the 
United States. 
Now, if that is not an appropriation, the Chair 
can hardly understand what is. The bonds are 
redeemable in thirty years. Independent of the 
provision of law permitting the Secretary of the 
Treasury to redeem any outstanding bonds when- 
ever there shall be a surplus in the Treasury, this 
act provides expressly that these bonds shall be 
redeemed. Now suppose, at the end of thirty 
years, - the Secretary of the Treasury redeems the 
bonds without further legislation: is not this an 
appropriation? Clearly. 
The Chair regrets that he is called on thus 
hastily to decide so important a question; but he 
has no hesitation in deciding, as he does decide, 
that the bill must go to the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union. 
The bill will, in accordance with the decision 
just made, be referred to the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CURTIS. Lmove that it be made a spe- 
Cial order. in the Committee of the Whole on the 
state of the Union. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I suggest that it be 
made the special order for this day three weeks. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 cannot consent to that. 
want the bill to be taken up and considered at 
this time. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I make a privi- 
legcd motion. I move that the House adjourn. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 have the floor, and 1 do not 
yield to any such motion. I object to everything 
that interferes with the consideration of this bill 
for the construction of a Pacific railroad. I move 
that the bill bc madc a special order in the Com- 
mittec of the Whole on the state of the Union, 
until it is disposed of. 
Mr. JONES. I object to the motion making 
this subject a special order in the Committee of 
the Whole on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GROW. This has been decided to be an 
appropriation bill; and, under the rules, an ap- 
propnation bill may be made a special order by a 
ma•oritv vote. 
dlr. BRANCH. The rule of the House rc- 
fers, not. to every appropriation bill, but only to 
the general appropriation bills therein specified. 
It takes the unanimouk consent of the House to 
make this a special order in the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union. 
ME, CURTIS. I move, then, that the rules be 
suspended, and -that the House resolve itself into 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union. I give notice that I will move to lay aside 
all other business in order to take up for consid- 
eration this Pacific railroad bill. 
Mr. BRANCH. Then the proposition to make 
this bill a special order is abandoned. 
The SPEAKER. The opinion of the Chair is, 
that the bill cannot be made a special order unless 
by unanimous consent. 
Mr. CURRY. 1 move that the House do now 
adjourn. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f111inois. In myjudg- 
ment, the decision of the Chair on the point of 
order raised by the gentleman from North Caro- 
lina, [Mr. BRANCH,] involves the fate of this Pa- 
cific railroad bill. As that decision uow stands, 
I think the gentleman from Iowa may as well 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 18 
give up this bill' for this session. With all re- 
spect to the Chair; 1 believe that*his decision is a 
I believe that it i3 against the pre-. 
vn•ong one. 
cedents x..vhich have been established. Certamly 
it is in opposition to the decisions which have 
been made since I have been a.member of this 
House. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 rise to a point of order. If 
the decision of the Chair is to be assailed, I shall 
I think that 
claim the.privilege of defending it. 
the decision of the Chair is correct; but it is not 
in order for the gentleman to assail it, or for me 
to defend it. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 have not surrendered the 
floor. 
The SPEAKER. Then the motion to adjourn 
is not in order. 
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the rules be sus- 
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com- 
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CURRY. The gentleman yields the floor,. 
and I move that the House do now adjourn. 
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. SMITH, of 
Virginia, and LED, were appointed. 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. Isa motion for 
a call of the House in order? 
The SPEAKER. It is not, during division 
of the House. 
The question was taken ; and the tellers reported 
—ayes 19, noes 87. 
So the House refused to adjourn. 
Mr. GARNETT. There does not appear to be 
a quorum, by the last vote. 
Mr; WASHBURNE, of Illinois. A quorum 
is not required on a motion to adjourn. 
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS. 
Mr. GROW. I desire to make a statement in 
which we are all interested: There seems to be 
a misapprehension in reference to the Eime when 
the territorial business will be taken up for con- 
sideration. Wednesday and Thursday, and not 
Thursday and Friday, have been set apart for that 
business. 
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE. 
The question was taken on Mr. CURTIS'S mo- 
tion; and it was agreed to. 
The House accordingly resolved itself into the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, 
(Mr. Gnow in the chair.) 
The CHAIRMAN. The first business in or- 
der before the committee is the annual message of 
the President of the United States upon the state 
of the country. 
Several MEMBERS. That has been referred. 
The CHAIRMAN. It is the message of De- 
cember, 1859. (Laugh ter.] 
Mr. CURRY. I propose to debate the mes- 
sage; but before proceed, I ask that the message. 
be read. [Renewed lauohter.] 
The CHAIRMAN. Chair will send for 
the Congressional Globe. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that the message 
I make the motion that it be 
will be laid aside. 
laid aside. 
Mr. CURRY.. I withdraw my motion for the 
readirig of the message. 
The question was taken on Mr. SHERMAN'S 
motion; and it was agreed to. 
So the message was laid aside. 
REMOVAL OF HOUSE BDNCI:IES. 
The CHAIRMAN. The next business inorder 
is a resolution instructing the Clerk to remove 
the present seats from the House, and replace the 
old chairs and desks; and, with the view of giving 
time for this object, that this House (with the 
concurrence of ihe Senate) do adjourn for two 
weeks from and after Friday next. [Laughter.] 
Mr. CURTIS. I move that that resolution be 
laid aside. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Iproposeto debate 
that resolution . 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 make the point of order 
that it is not debatable. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the 
point of order. Motions in reference to priority 
of business are not debatable. 
The resolution was laid aside. 
SOLDIERS OF 1812. 
The CHAIRMAN. The next business in order 
I is House bill No. 66; granting pensions to offi- 
cers and soldiers of the war with Great Britain 
of 1812, and those engaged in Indian wars during 
that period. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 move that that bill be laid 
aside. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 demand tellers on that 
motion. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that it be laid aside, 
to be reported to the House with the recommend- 
ation that it do pass. 
The. CHAIRMAN. The first motion takes 
precedence. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 withdraw the demand for 
It will be seen where are the friends of 
tellers. 
the soldiers of 1812. I thank God that they show 
themselves upon this side of the House. 
The bill was laid aside. 
APPOINTMENTS OF EX-MEMBERS OF CONGRESS. 
The CHAIRMAN. The next business in 
is a resolution deprecating the example which 
has of late years obtained, by the practice of the 
subordinate offcers of this House, of appointing 
ex-members of Congress to inferior places within 
their gift as derogatory to the dignity of the 
House, and calculated to impair its influence with 
the country. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 move that the resolution be 
laid aside. 
It ought to 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
be with the recomrnendation that it do pass. 
Mr. McCLERNAND demanded tellers. 
Tellers were ordered; and Nhssrs. LEE and 
GARTRELL were appointed. 
Mr. ANDERSON. 1 ask for the reading of 
the resolution. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No debate 
is in order on a question of priority of business. 
The reading of the resolution is in the nature of 
debate, and therefore is not in order. I make that 
point. 
The CHAIRMAN. Members have the right 
to know what is the proposition upon which they 
are called to vote. 
The resolution was read in ectenso. 
Mr. BRANCH. I have no disposition to filli- 
buster; but it is proper that the House should 
know there are seventy-four bills upon the Calen- 
dar before the Pacific railroad bill. We wiil have 
to lay them aside, one after the other, before we 
can reach that bill. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 dall the 
to order. The gentlernan has no riffht to refer to 
other matters than the one before the committee, 
even if debate were in order. 
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the 
Chair, the point of order is well taken. 
Mr. GARNETT. I appeal from that decision 
of the Chair. 
The committee was divided; and there were— 
ayes ninety-six, noes not counted. 
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ape 
pointed Messrs. GARTRELL and BURNHAM. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair state the 
exact question before the committee. The gen- 
tlcman from Illinois rnade the point of order, upon 
the motion to lay aside one bill and take up a 
subsequent one on the Calendar, that debate was 
not in order. The Chair sustained the point of 
order, and from that decision the gentleman from 
Virginia took an appeal. The question is, " Shall 
the decision of the Chair stand as the jndgement 
of the committee?" Upon that question the Chair 
appointed thegentleman from Georgia [Mr. GAR- 
TRELLI and the gentleman from Connecticut 
[Mr. BURNHAM] tellers. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 suppose 1 
viate all this diffculty by withdrawing my point 
of order. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 object to the withdrawal 
of the. point of order. 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has the 
right to withdraw the point of order at any time. 
Mr. GARNETT. I appeal from that decision. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. i withdraw my point. 
Mr. GARNETT. i rise to a point of order. 
It is, that the gentleman from Illinois has not the 
right to withdraw it, a vote by tellers having been 
ordered, and the count having commenced. 
Mr. CASE. I rise to a point of order. The 
question of order of the gentleman from Virginia 
was not made while he was in his seat. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will not enter- 
tain a second point of order until the first point is 
