THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
TliE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
'I'HIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
disposed of. 'i'he Chair will have the 40th rule 
read. 
'I'hc rule was read, as follows: 
After a Inot.ion is stated by the Speakcr, or read by the 
Clu•k. it shali be (.ieenr.ul to be in the possession of the 
ilonse•, hut •nay be withdrawn at any tip,iC be!örc a decis- 
ion or amendment. 
Mr. GARNETT. Does the Chair overrule 
mv point of ordef? 
CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not 
(lerstand that. (hatcan be raised as a point of ordct 
any than a point of order can be raised upon 
a decision of the Chair assicyninc a gentleman the 
floor. 
Mr. GARNETT. The Chair, then, decides 
that I have no right to makc the point of order. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot make 
any decision on it as a point of order. The ques- 
tion is on thö motion of the gentleman from Iowa 
to lay aside this resolution; and the tellers will 
please take their places. 
The committee divided; and the tcllers reported 
—ayes 97, noes 26. 
So the resolution was laid aside. 
ASSAY OFFICE IN ST. LOUIS. 
The next bill in order on the Calendar was a 
bill (H. R. No. 133) to establish an assay office 
in the city of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri. 
Mr. CURTIS moved to lay it aside. 
Mr. KUNKEL called for the reading of the bill. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is very certain 
that the committcc is in no condition now to pro- 
I desire to say, if it In 
ceed with these bills. 
order to make retnarks 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is a motion that 
the columittec rise debafe ? 
'l'he CHAIRMAN. is not. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. very wcH; that is 
the motion I desire to submit. 
The CHAIRMAN. That takes precedence of 
the mot.ion to lay on the table. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, demanded tellers. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. CRAIG, of 
Missouri, and HOARD, were appointed. 
The committee divided ; and the tellers reported 
—ayes 46, noes 96. 
So the committee refused to rise. 
The question recurred on the motion to lay the 
bill aside. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 hope, by general con- 
sent, the gentlernan from Iowa will bc permitted 
It was 
to pass on to the bili he has in charge. 
made the special order for to-day. 
Mr. JONES. lobiect. 
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon 
laying asi(ie the bill. The gentleman from Mary- 
land calls for the reading of it. , The Chair de- 
cides that, upon a question as to the priority of 
business, it is not in order to have a bill read. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 appeal from that 
decision; it is a violent strokc at the first principles 
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1860. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will ask the 
Clerk to read the 66th rule again. 
The rule was again read. 
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know the ruling of 
r l'here was so much noise I could not 
the Chair. 
understand. 
The CHAIRMAN. The 114th rule provides 
In Connnitt.oe of the Whole on the, state of the Union, 
the bills shall be taken up and disposed of in their order on 
the. Calendar; but. when objection is made to the consid- 
erat.ion of bill, a majority of' the comnlittce shall decide, 
debate, whether it shall be taken up and disposcd 
of or laid aside." 
Mr. PHELPS. The reads as 1 supposed; 
but I do not understand the ruling of the Chair. 
Suppose bill is called up, and an objection is 
made: it rests with the cornmittce whether it will 
proceed to consider the bill when it is read by its 
The C.I"IAIRMAN. The proposition was to 
lay aside a particular bill upon the Calendar. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 must to that mode of 
disposing of the matter. 'l' ficre is no necessity 
for a motion to proceed to the consideration of a 
bill. A bill corncs up of course, unless solne 
member rises and objects. Upon objection, the 
Chair puts the quest'ion: " Shall the committee 
proceed to the consideration of the bill ? 5' 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair that 
that is only a di{Ferent mode of reaching the same 
ond. A gentleman moves to lay the bill aside; 
another gentleman asks that it may bc read. The 
Chair decides that, upon the question of laying 
aside a bill, it cannot be read. 
Mr. PHELPS. Ido not differ with the Chair 
upon that point, but only as to the mode of pro- 
pounding the qucstion. T hc construction which I 
crivc to the rule has uniformly prevailed in thc 
House. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will put 
the question to the committee in this form: " Will 
the committee now consider this bill ? ' ' The 
Chair desires now to remind the committee that 
no debate, is in order upon this question. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. i appealed from 
the decision of the Chair; 
but the reasons of the 
Chair are so lucid and powerful that I withdraw 
appeal. [La ugh ter.] 
The question was put; and dccidcd in the neg- 
ativc. 
So the bill was passed over. 
LAND WARRANTS. 
The next bill on thc Calendar was an act (S. 
No. 197) in relation to the assignees of bounty 
land warrants. 
Mr. BURNETT. for the reading of that 
Mr. CURTIS. to lay it aside. 
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman cannot 
I object to the consideration of the 
any motion. 
The CHAIRMAN. The question is," Willthc 
of legislation. [Laughter.] 
The CHAIRMAN. Thc Chair will have the committee now considcn• this bill?" 'The gentle- 
man from Kentucky asks to have the bill read. 
66th rule read. 
The Chair decides that, upon a question as to the 
It was read, as follows: 
Ail questions relating to the priority of business to be II priority Of business to be acted on, a bill can- 
'I'he rule simply provides for the 
not be read. 
acted on shall be. decided without debate." 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that 
until u bill is up to be acted on, the gentleman is 
not entitled to have it read. That a bill is not 
read may be a reason for controlling his vote. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to suggest 
that when a bill is called up on the Calendar, it is 
called för the purpose of being taken up and acted 
upon; and being called up for that purpose and 
no other, we have an undoubted right to know 
what •.,ve arc called to act upon. 
Mr. CURTIS. lobject. to debate. 
The CHAIRMAN, The Chairwould remind 
gentlcmcn that debate is not in order upon a ques- 
tion Gf priority of business. 
M r. SMITH of Virginia. I -know that very 
•wrell•, but am dealing with the Chair upon his 
rating; and I desire to know if, in calling over 
the Calendar, we are not calling for cases to be 
acted on? 
9 
taking up of business to bc acted on; and, until a 
bilt is taken up to be acted on, it be read. I 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. that all these 
bills, until we come to the one in charge of the 
genticman from Iowa, will, by unanimous con- 
sent, be laid aside; and when sve get that we 
can take it up, and then adjourn. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. object. that the 
committee do now rise. 
The motion was not agreed to. 
The question was then put, " •Will the committee 
consider this bill novv'? ' and it was decided in the 
necyative. 
So thc bill was passed over. 
PCBLIC PRINTING, ETC. 
The next bill upon the Calendar was a bill (H. 
R. No. 302) to provide for the public printing, 
binding, eno•raung, and lithographing. 
N Ew- SERIES... ..NO.T 9. 
Mr. CURTIS objected to the consideration of 
the bill at this time. 
The question was put; and it was decided in 
the negative. 
So the bill was passed over. 
,EXPLNNSES 'illß POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT. 
T.he next bill on thc Calendar was a •Ij-ill (KS. 
R. No. 303) to reduce the expenses of the Post 
Office. Department. 
Mr. CURTIS objected to its consideration. 
The question was put; and it: was decided 'in 
tne negative,.QQ a division—eayes 14„noes 
So the was _passed over, 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 think we might well 
let the-gentlemen corne to thcirt bill, without thig 
tedious process of putting the question-upon evee_y 
bill on theÖCalendar before it. 
I do •not see that 
gentlemen opposed to thag bill will gain•: anything 
by forcincr us to stay -here and dispose of- these 
I move to lay as_ide all 
bills, one after another. 
the bills bcforc that of the gentleman from Iowa. 
Mr. JOINES. I object. [ know no reason why 
that bill should have precedence. 
APPEALS TO SUPREME COURT. 
The next bill upon the Calendar was a bill 
(H. R. No. 56) to pt•ovide for an appeal to the 
Supreme Court of the United States in .certüin 
criminal cases. 
.Mr. CURTIS. object to the consideration 
of that bill. 
Mr. JONES. Has tho gentleman.from IOwa 
the right to keep the floor continually? 
The CHAIRMAN. Any gentleman has the 
right to obiect to a bill. 
Mr. JONES. He has been upon the floor ever 
since we have been if) committee. 
Nfr. SCOTT. 1 will state to the gentleman 
from Gcorgia, that I will assist the gentleman from 
Iowa whenever hc gets tired of objecting. 
Mr. CURTLS. [ make these objections from 
no captious desire to detain tlte House; but I know 
that unless I do so, this bill will be lost forever. 
The was put: Will the committee 
consider this bill now and it was decided in the 
negative. 
So the bill was passed over. 
Mr. BURNETT. Will it bc in order to move 
to lay aside all these bills? 
The CHAIRMAN. Not all together. 
Mr. BARR. may be done by unanimous 
consent. 
The CHAIRMAN. That is so. 
Mr. CURTIS. I ask unanimous consent of 
the committee to lay aside all the bills until we 
come to the Pacific railroad bill. 
Mr. JONES. 1 must object. 
I: am not dis- 
posed to be cäbtious, but I see no reason why the 
subject oc building a. railroad to 
thing never contemplated by the Constitution of 
the United States—should take precedence of the 
legitimate business of the country. For that 
reason I object. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind 
gentlemöri that debate is not in order. 
Mr. JONES. If' gentlemen •,vant to fillibus!er, 
and sit here all night, I can stay as long as they 
can. 
Mr. SICKLES. Is it in order to move to lay 
aside five or ten bills at a time? 
The CHAIRMAN. You can move to lay 
aside only one bill at a time. 
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN PENNSYLVANIA. 
The bill next in order was a bill (H, R. No, 33) 
to divide the State of Pennsylvaéia-into three 
judicial districts, and to establish a district court 
to be holden in the city of Erie. 
Mr. STOUT objectéd to the copsideration of 
the bill. 
The question was taken committee 
rcfåsed to consider the Gill. 
HALF PAY TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS, 
A joint resolution (I-I-.'R-. giving con: 
struction to the secohd Of the act of Feb- 
ruary 3, 1853, " to hålfpay to certain 
