1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
131 
Mr. CURTIS. I understand that this business 
is to be first considered when the COmmittee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union is next in session. 
I shall therefore vote in- favor of the committee 
Eisnv. 
The Inotion was agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker havincr 
resumed the chair, Mr. GRow reported that the 
Committee of (he Whole on the state of the Union 
had had under consideration the Union generally, 
and especially House bill No. 835, granting alter- 
nate sections of the public lands to aid in the con- 
struction of certain railroads in the Territory of 
Nebraska, and had come to no conclusion thereon. 
GEORGE FISHER'S CLAIM. 
Mr. EDWARDS, by unanimous consent, of- 
fcred the following resolution; which was read, 
considered, and agreed to: 
Resotecd, 'l'hat the Secretary ot'the "l'reasury be requested 
to fuunish to this House copies of the dccisiovas made and 
certified to tho Treasury Departtnent by the Secretary of 
VVar, under the dates of October 2, 1857, and Novenlbcr 23, 
1860, respectively. relating to the clairn of George Fisher, 
late of Florida, deceased. 
110USFå PRINTING. 
The SPEAKER laid before the I-louse a letter 
from Thomas H. Ford, Printer to the House, set- 
ting forth that, in view of the joint resolution of 
Congress passed at last session, since his election 
as Printer, reducing the rates for public printin«y 
forty per cent. , he found himself compelled to pay 
all that was now allowed him for the actual exe- 
cution of the work, not being able to reserve for 
himself suflicient to pay his own personal ex- I 
penses; that since said reduction, he had himself, 
und through his legal and recoTnizcd attorney, 
used his best endeavors to perform his duty faith- 
fully; and respectfully recommending that, as a 
Government printing establishment had recently 
been purchased by Congress, provision be made 
for the immediate execution of the House print- 
ing in that office, to which proposition he would 
most cheerfully give his assent, and yield up his 
oflice. 
'I'he levr was referred to the Committee on 
Printing. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 take this occasion 
to remark that John C. Rives will perform the 
duty of House Printer under the cxisting law. 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consent, presented 
the proceedings of u public meeting held nt Mad- 
ison, Indiana, on the 14th instant, to take into 
consideration the state of the country at the pres- 
ent time; as follows: 
At a meeting of the citizens of Madison, Indiana, of 
all parties, held at the court-house on Friday night, De- 
cmnber 14, 1860, to take into consideration the state of the 
country at the present tirnc, the rneeting was called to 
order by Dr. Illoward VVatts, who nonlinated lion. John 
Mulvey. Mayor of' the city, Ibr president. Captain Charles 
I J. Shrewsbury and Captain John Kirk were, on 1110tion of 
Jmnes C. 'Thom, appointed vice presidents. On Inotion of 
R. W. nubbard, 
Ben B. 'Taylor was appointed secretary. 
" On :notion of Captain John Marsh, a committec of 
seven "'as appointed to draft resolutions expressive of the 
sense of the Inceting. 
" "l'he Chair appointed thc following gcntfmnen: Cap- 
tain John Marsh, Captain Nathan Mr. John A. 
Mar',dcy, Dr. Howard Watts, Mr. Williun Johnson, Mr. 
Willimn Staps, Judge Char:es E. Walker. 
DuriR2 the absence of the committee, the Ineeting was 
entertained by a spccch froin Jatne.s Y. Allison, Esq. 
The cmmnittec on resolutions, after deliberating on 
their business, reported the fi)llowiug : 
" We, the citizens ofMadison and Jefferson counties, 
diana, without distinction of party, in view of the immi- 
nent perils of our Government, threatening the immediate • 
dissolution 01' the Federal Union, do declare and resolve 
I. 'I'hat the Union is the guardian of our best ri"hts 
the sourec of our highest civil and political duties, thc surc 
Incans or national greatness, essential to our safOty and 
prosperity,' 
and we hereby declare our unalterable attach- 
unent to it, and sincere desire that it nuay be preserved Cor- 
ever inviolate. 
2. 'I'hat iör the sake of the Union. all conflict ofinl.erest 
and opinion between the people of different sections of the 
Conti)deracy lie ccnnpunnised by mutual conces- 
*ions. 
3, That we are essentially one people, united to each 
other by ties of interest, prosperity, and blood ; and hav- 
ing an interest, in co:nrnon with ail others. in the wel- 
fåre and perpetuity of-our eom:non Government, we depre- 
catc any act. cmue froni what source it may, that tends to 
iil-téeling betw.ecn t.be different sections of our I 
create 
country, thc dissolution of the Union, a:qd bringing upon 
us thc uuSTeakabte notrors of internecine war. 
4. 'I'liat we, as citizens of the great West, the Keystone 
of this Contöderacy, having a firni and abiding faith that 
any and ail conflicts as to intcrest and diflurences of opin- 
fon can bc atnicably scttled under the Constitution in the j 
Union, will not, upon any ternis,. nor under any contin- i 
gency, eönsent to its dissolution ; that the great West is 
for the' maintenancc of the laws, tbe Constitution, and the 
Union ; aud will always be tOund 'keepin€F step to the 
Inusic of Union.' 
5. 'l'hat the election ofa President in conformity with 
the constitutional provisions on that suhjeet., be he who ho 
ntay, is not, or itsclt•, just cause a dissolution ot the 
Union, tbc Constitution itself providing adequate reinedy 
tor any arievanee. resulting to any State from an unfaithful 
dischargc by the President of his Federal duties and We 
appeal to our southern brethren not to act bastily in bring- 
ing about dissolution, and perhaps involving thcm and us 
in the total loss of civil liberty, and in conmj0ii ruin, but to 
wait for so:ne aet done by the incoming Administration in 
violation of tbc Constitution, and of the rights of the States 
under it, and for which a remedy may not be had under the 
Constitution. 
6. 'I'hat we believe and hopc the President elect will nd- 
minister the Governnzenl in a conservative tnanner, using 
his best ability to do equal justice to all parts, and execute 
tbc Federal laws without exception, faithfully in letter and 
7. That all citizens owe obedience to the Constitution 
and laws ot• the Union, and all good citizel'is will promptly 
and cheerfully render such obedience, and will ald to cn- 
löree them. 
8. 'l'hat the slave States, by the Constitution, are en- 
titled to an eflZctive fugitive slave law, and also to havc it 
Faithfully executed ; and it' the present law is not efficient, 
or is not pronlptfy enforced, it should be ajnended in such 
nmnner and with such penalties as ghall insure its etii- 
ciency and faithful execution. 
" 9. rrnat any and all laws enacted by any of the States 
designed and tending to impede the prompt and faithful ex- 
ecution of thc fugitive slave law, are unconstitutional and 
void, and should be repealed irnmediately. 
10. 'I'llat there is no such law on the statute books of 
the State of Indiana, 
and we respectfully, but earnestly, 
call upon tho citizens of any State havintf enacted such 
laws to repeal the sarne. 
II. That heartily condenm any act or word, come 
froth what source it Inay, designed and tending to excite 
a servile. insurrection in the slave States; and we believe 
all the citizens ot• ndiana concur with in this sentiinent. 
12. That the Federal Government should not interfere, 
either to put. down or build up, abolish or perpetuate slav_erv. 
13. That the citizens (it' each State are under the Fed- 
eral Constitution, entitled to all the privileges and inunu- 
nities ot- citizens in the several States'—that is, to ail rights 
which in their nature are t•nndmnentat, belonging to t.he 
citizens of all free govennnents'—' such as the protection 
of and liberty, to acquire and enjoy property, to pass 
through and sojourn in the different States at pleasure 
always, however, rendering obedience to the local laws of 
such State. 
" [Ion. Jeremiah Sullivan, 
having been selected, ad- 
dressed the ineetinrr in a sound, eloquent, logieal, and 
patriotic speech. 
" Spceches were subsequcntiy made by Judge S. C. Stc- 
vcns and others. 
'I'he report of the coznmittee was then concurred in, 
the resolutions being read separately and adopted one at 
a titne. 
Mr. M. C. Garbcr, of the Madison Courier, offered, and 
M. G. Bright, Esq., seconded, the it)llowinø resolution ; 
which was adopted : 
Rcsolvcd, 
'I'liat the people of the United States have a 
deep interest in the perpetuity and integrity of the Union, 
and an undoubted right to preserve it; and that the right 
of secession, asserted by southern States, is not only un- 
authorized by the Constitution, but is repugnant to its 
Icttcr and spirit. 
" (h) tnotion of Mr. Isaac Smith, it ',vas ordered that the 
proceedings of the meeting be published in t.he city papers, 
and that copies of the sallie be iörwardcd to our Represent- 
atives and Senators in Congress. 
'l'he Inecting i.hen adjourned. 
.1011N MULVEV, President. 
L. SHREWSBURY, 
JOHN KIRK, Vice Presidents. 
BEN D. 'PAVLOR, Secretary.' • 
'I'he proceedings were referred, on motion of 
Mr. DUNN, to the special committee of thirty- 
And then, on motion of Mr. SMITH, of Vir- 
ginia, (at twelve rninutcs past four o'clock, p. m. , ) 
the House adjourned. 
SENATE. 
WEDNESDAY, Deconbcr 19, 1860. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal ofycsterday was read and approved. 
Hon. ROBERT I'OOMBS, of Georgia, appeared in 
his seat. 
WEST POINT COMMISSION. 
Mr. FOOT. Thc Senator from Mississippi 
[Mr. D.•xvrs] some days sincc presented to the 
Senate the report of the board of commissioners, 
of which he was the president, instituted by act of 
the last session of Congress, to revise the organ- 
ization and programme of studies and system of 
discipline o? the United States Military Academy 
at West Point; and on motion, the usual numbcr 
of that report was oi•dered to be printed by the 
Senate. From the general interest which is felt 
in the subject-matter of that report, undoubtedly 
a somewhat exterisivo cali will be madc for it; 
and, in order to enable us to meet that call to 
some extent, I rise to move the printing an ad- 
•ditional number, say fi ve thousand Thatnotioh, 
under, the rule, .of course goes -to the Committee 
on Printing. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. will be so 
ferrcd. 
TERRITORIAL LAWS. 
Mr, GREEN. Yesterday 1 moved the refer. 
ence of the laws transmitted to the Senate from 
the Territöry of Washington, to the Committee 
on Territories. There are two copies. 
i have 
beeii trying to hunt up the laws of the several 
Territories.' The committee need but one copy. 
propose; therefore, that one other copy shall be 
sent to the Secretary of the Senate, to be bound 
and preserved for general reference; and I move 
the adoption of the follöwing resolution: 
Resolved, That one copy of the laws and journals of the 
Legislatures of the several Territories sent to the Senate, 
sliaEl be bound •and preserved in the ofhce of the Segretary 
of the Senate, and the other referred to the Committee on 
'l'erritories. 
I ask for the present consideration of the reso- 
lution, if there be no Objection. 
There being no objection, the resolution was 
considered, and agreea to. 
FORTS IN CIIARLESTON HARBOR. 
MI'. CLARK. 1 move that the Senate- now 
take up the resolution- of inquiry which I offered 
a day or two ago, in regard to Forts Moultrie 
and Sumter. 
Mr. -GREEN. The Senator from Oregon [Mr. 
LANE] notified the Senate that when that was taken 
up he wanted to propose an amendment, unless 
his resolutions were l')teviously disposed of. He 
is not in 
his seat; and 'l should like, therefore, 
that we should wait until hc comes in. 
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on 
the motion, and a division wus called for. 
Mr. POWELL. The 
notice yesterday that if the resolution of the Sen- 
ator from New Hampshire was pressed, he would 
offer his resolution which was Inid on the tabEe 
yesterday as a substitute for it, 
I think, in that 
state of the case, perhaps it would be better to 
wait until the Senator from Oregon shall be in his 
seat. 
Mr. COLLAMER. I saw him hcre few miri- 
utes ago. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 not him. 
sume he will be hore in a very few moments. 
Mr. CLARK. 1 did not understand 
was any such notice given; but if there was, I 
will not ress the motion at this time. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The is with- 
drawn. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION. 
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, while waiting 
for the Senator from Oregon to appear in his seat, 
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to a.mat- 
ter which is personal to myself, and which may, 
perhaps, become question of privilege before 
the Senate. Ireeeived last night from New Orleans 
the following, dated December 18: 
The telegraphic dispatches to the assoéiatecbpress bbis 
morning include the following: In his speed•h to-day" 
I presume that must have been the 17111— 
Senator Slidell, of Louisiana, charged President Bu- 
chanan with imbecility, imputing to hill) the cause of the 
present troubles and the authorship of the present crisis.' 
Any correction needed 
Now, Mr. President, I need scarcely say, for 
the information of any member of the Senate, or, 
probably, of any resident in Washington, that 
there is not a shadow of foundation for this dis- 
I have never opened my lips on this floor 
patch. 
on the subject of the President's message, the. 
resolution of the Senator from Kentucky , nor upon 
any question connected , in the most remote degree, 
with the difhculties that now agitate the country. 
But I owe it further to myself and to the Presi-. 
dent to say that neither in nor out of the Senate, 
to •any Senator, or to • anybody else, in writing, 
speech, or by intimation, have I ever conveyed or 
encouraged such an idea. This is not the appro- 
priate time for me to pass that eulogium upon the 
character of the President that my. ft•elings would 
I ri.se simply for one special purpose. 
prompt. 
Now, MP. President, I shouid like to know how, 
by whom, and when this base fabrication wäs_cön- 
cocted; how, and why it was -se_nt over the-wires ? 
Was it by the agent o? the associated ptcss, Who; 
understand, enjoya the privilege of a seatän this 
