1.32 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 19, 
| 15, 1838; which were referred to the Committee 
gallery? I hopéynot. But tbc agent, or the agents, 
Qt the reporters of' that press, Whoever they may on Indian Affairs. 
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Amos 
be, are bound to make some expianatiön on this 
subject; ünd shall Töcl it my duty to-morrow, Ryle and others, invalid pensioners, residing in 
if such satisfactory explanation be.not given, to county, Maine, praying that the 
move for the expulsion of the reporter of that decision the Court of Claims granting pay 
press i'PQtn this gallery. i presume there can be 
nb'difference of opinion among Senätors upon the 
propriety of sucli a course and the necessity of 
sut•h ae,tnon. 
I may be •permitted to say tinother word: what 
was the object of this dispatch? About that ul 
entertail.i no doubt:. A canvass is now proceed- 
I-fig •iri my State for the election of delegates to a 
convention to •take into consideration the present 
state -of the c.ountty. It is not necessary for me 
to say now what the action of that convention will 
be. 
know it in advance. 
It wilt not be very 
long beföre we shall have most decided and au- 
thentie information on that subject. 
Now, sir, I do not make this charge lightly.- I 
state it in connection with another am 
sorry that my colleague is not now in his seat to 
corroborate rny stät-ernent. Du ring• the session 
of the Legislature, specially for the pur- 
pose of' passing a law to enable the people of 
Louisiana, in their sovereimn capacity, to decide 
upon the course that they will take ill the critical 
cmergencies of the time, this associated press 
spread throughout the whole extent of this Union, 
and, with particular care disseminated throughout 
all, the southern States, the assertion that my col- 
league wasabout to make a strong Union speech. 
I presume,his opinions are very well known here. 
What was, the purpose of this dispatch ? 
may be said, in the case of my colleague,- that 
these gentlemen, extremely anxious to obtain 
information of the. opinions of distinguished men 
in Washington, and, in fact, of any Senator or 
Representative in Congress, sometimes are de- 
ceived. Believing that -they are acting upon tol- 
erablycorrect information, they think It desirable 
to cater to the curiosity of the public. But I must 
be permitted to say that, in my opinion, and the 
opinion of' everybody who has observed the gen- 
eral tone and character of the dispatcbcs sent over 
this country by the associated press, they are 
evidently biased by a strong feeling of opposition 
to the great national Deinocratic party of' this 
country; and I do not think it would be unfair to 
say that they are but too ready, too prone, to re- 
ceive, and credit, or perhaps. to fabricat,e, what 
they may consider would tend to the detriment of 
that party, and to the advantage of the other. 
In my case, however, there is no excuse of this 
kind. This is a .base, deliberate fabrication, 
without one single of foundation in truth. 
I have nothing more to say; but if I do not re- 
ceive a very saiisfåctory explanation' bn this sul)- 
ject to-morrow, if, as I understand, the reporter 
from the time of disability may" be carried into 
effect; which was refrrred to the Committee on 
Pensions. 
Mr. HALE presented thc memorial of the 
People's Pacific Railroad Company, in aid of their 
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, 
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 861) 
making appropriations for the payment of invalid 
and other pensions of the United States for the 
year ending the 30th of June, 1862. 
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill. 
HUNTER. to estimate. it 
need not be road, I presume. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading 
may be dispensed with by unanimous consent. 
Agreed." ] 
I T hc bill was reported to the Senate without 
petition of' thc 16th of April, 1860; which was 
ordered to he on the table. 
PAPERS WITHDRAWN. 
on motiån of BROWN, it 
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the 
files of the Senate the xnemoräal o!' Miss Sallie Eola Re- 
neat), praying an appropriation of a portion of unappropri 
ated public land in the Statc of Mi*sissippi for the purpose 
of endowing the State Feanalc College ot' Mississippi. 
BILL INTRODUCED. 
Mr. HEMPHILL asked, and by unanimous 
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 
522) making an appropriation for the erection of 
a li"ht-house, or providing a light-ship, at the 
entrance of Galveston harbor, in the State of 
which was read twice by its title, and 
referred to the Committee on Commerce. 
REPORTS FROM A COMMITTEE. 
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military 
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the bill 
(H. R. No. 527) for the relief of Julius Martin, 
reported it without amendment; and submitted an 
adverse report, which was ordered to be printed. 
He also, from the same committee, to whom 
was referred the memorial of Thomas H. Burley, 
praying that the right to use a machine for dove 
tailing wood, in vented and patented by him, may 
be purchased by the United States, asked to l.)e 
discharged from its further consideration; which 
was acreed to. 
He also, from the same committee, to whom was 
referred a letter from J. M. Hoge, in relation to his 
system of communication by cipher, in writing, 
or telc•graph, asked to be discharged from its 
further consideration; which was agreed to. 
Mr. DAVIS. The same committee, to whom 
was referred the bill (S. No. 93) for the comple• 
t ion of a military road from Fort Benton to 
Walla Walla, have had the same under consid- 
eration, and find that the appropriation has been 
made which is asked for iri t.be bill, and there- 
fore ask to be discharged from its further con- 
sideration. 
The cornmittee was discharged. 
MI'. DAVLS. The same committee, to whom 
was referred a resolution instructit')g the commit- 
t tee to inquire into the expediency of securing the 
exclusive use and benefit of a system of commu- 
of that press has m seat in this gallery, I shall 
nication by cipher, 
in writino• or by telegraph, 
offer {i resoiution for his immediate expulsion. 
between officers of tho Government, and to report 
Mr. G WIN. Mr. President, I should not have 
upon any schemes or plans submitted for that 
ventured to address tho Senate at all on n subject 
pu t•pose, find that Congress acted upon the matter 
of this description, if the Senator from Louisiana 
['Mr. SLIDELL] had not brought it to the notice of by the ftPP0intmentofa staff offcer charged with 
the subject, and therefore ask to be discharged 
but have been told by a number Of from the further consideration of the resolution. 
the Senate; 
gentlemen who have seen the publications in va- 
rious papers that In y name has been associated 
witli that of the Senator from Louisiana• [Mr. 
SLIDELL] as having visited the President for the 
purpose of inducing him to his offce; and 
that on hisfailing to accede to our wishes, very 
ancrry words paésed between the President, the 
Senator from Louisiana, and myself. I can only 
say, as the Senator has said, in regard to this tel- 
ema•aphic dispatch, that there is not shadow of 
truth in the whole statement. 
It is false from 
beginning to end -Not an -unkind word has passed 
between the President and myself during this ses- 
sion, and it is not likely to be the case. No such 
advice would ever l•xave. been given to him by me, 
nor, I am sure, by the Senator from Louisiana. 
1 shöuld not have noticed such a barefaced slan- 
der if the Senator from Louisiana, in acquitting 
himself, hadmot made it proper for me to do like- 
The committee was discharged. 
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
bv Mr. HAYES, Chief Clerk, announced that the 
House had ordered, this day, at twelve o'clock 
i and fifteen minutes, the printing of a letter from 
i the Acting Secretary of State, transmitting copies 
of contracts ent.ered into by the Commissioner of 
Public Buildings during the current, fiscal year; 
also, statements giving the names of the bidders, 
and the prices at whiéh they proposed to do the 
work contemplated by said contracts. 
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am directed by the com- 
i! mittee on Finance to report back a bill making 
appropriations for the payment of invalid and 
other pensions of the United States for the year 
that no misconstruction should be placed ending the 30th of June, 1862, without aniend- 
upon rny silence. 
PETITION AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. DUR.KEE presor)ted four memorials of the 
Tuscarcn•a, Oneida, Seneca and On'oudaga tribes 
of the New York Indians, praying compensation 
for lands in Kansas under the treaty of January 
I will state that this is strictly according 
to estimate, and I ask, by general consent, that it 
be disposed of now 
{i The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
) If there be no objection, the bill wili 
the chair. 
I be considered at this time. The Chair hoars no 
! oujection, 
amendment, and ordered to a third readine. 
i KING, The be read. 
PRESIDING OFFiCER. The rending 
of the bill is called for. 
The Secretary read the bill. 
It was then read 
the third time, and passed. 
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am by the Com- 
mittee on Finance to report back an act. making 
appropr:ations for the support of the Military 
Academy for the year ending the 30th of" June 
1862, w:ih one amendment. ask that it be now 
considered by general consent. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as 
I in Committee of the Whole, procepded to con- 
sider the bill (H. R. No. 862) making appropria- 
tions for the support of the Mrilitarv Academy for 
the year ending the 30ih of June, •1862. 
The Comnfittee on Finance reported the follow- 
annendment to the bill, to bc added as a new 
'l'o defray the expenses of the cornmissiou appointed 
under the eighth section o:' An act makin:.r appropriations 
the Eupport of' the Arru.v the year ending the 30th of 
June, 1861," in addition to the amounq appropriated by the 
said act, $1 ,330. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended, 
and the amendment was concurred in and ordered 
to bc engrosscd; and the bill was ordered to be 
read a third time. ft was read the third ti 
e, and 
passed. 
CLAIMS AGAINST MEXICO. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. be 
ther petitions or repor[s, the Chair W'ill cali up, as 
t.he unfinished business of tE'1e mori'iing hour, t 
bill (S. No. 112) to farther carry out the provis- 
ions of the fifteenth section of the treaty between 
the United States and NTexico, concluded on the 
2d day of February, 1848. 'l'he pendilag question 
is on the amendment omn•ed by the Senator from 
Missouri, [Mr. POLK,] 
in line seventeen of the 
first section, after the word merits," 
to insert 
the words nor upon illegal grounds." 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The PRESIDENT. The next question 
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator 
from Maine. [Mr. IIAMLIN,] in line of 
the first section, to strike out the word " either,' 
and in lines sixteen, soveDtecn, and eighteen, 10 
strike out the words " or were not adjudicated on 
their merits, nor upon grounds, by the 
sarnc, and to decide thereon, according to the pro- 
visions of the said treaty.' 
Mr. POLK. think we had better not adopt 
that amendrnent; but let the bill stand as it is, 
, and raise the qnestion upon the merits of the bill. 
I atn one of those who think that when the Uni-. 
ted States assumed to pay Mexican debts up to a 
certain amount, and when the objoct of that pro- 
vision was merely that all those e,htiyns that had 
merit should have an opportunity of being adju- 
dicated upon, such a clause as this ought not to 
be stricken out. Under the provisions of this bill, 
if a commission is to sit at all, that commission 
should have an opportunity to examine into all 
cases that have merits. Now, I think m vself 
that there is just as much justice in allowino• a 
case that may have been presented, and that may 
have been thrown out fora mere techn icality with- 
out touching its merits, to be adjudicated upon 
and to be decided in favor of by the board, as 
there is in allowing a case that has not been pre- 
sented at all to be now presented and adjudicated. 
I think more, because in the Inst case the partsr 
having merits has used diligence; he has presented 
his claim, but il hae been rejected on technical 
grounds when it had merit. But as the bill wilt 
be when amended, a party, wbo has not used 
diligence to present his case at all, will have more 
advantage of the bill than a party who has been 
