diligent to get the benefit of the act as it was passed 
to c.a rry out the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. 
think, t.herefen•e, that the amendment of Sen- 
ator nine not to be adopted. It ought 
to vat-ed down, and then let. us take a vote on 
I think that if the bifl to pass at 
all, it ought to pass without. 'he atnendment pro- 
by the Senator from Maine. I thiuk that 
, instead nf doinz itist.ice, does injH*Lice, and 
puts the on a worse footing tha•n those who 
sleet) on Eleeir rights. 
Mr. SLIT) ELL. stated on a previous occu- 
sion, that no pcn•tion of_• the €3,250,000 provided 
ptud to the citizens of tlu.• United States who 
had suffered damage t•rorn an t.he acts of Mex- 
ico, proeeeded frotn the indemnity to be 
paid to Mexico; that it wasa totally distinct fund, 
in which Mexico had no Witeresz and no 
I did not happen to be in my 
cent remainder. 
seat the other day, when tho SetkK.or from 
IVERSON] criticized that assertion of 
gia {Mr. 
He said: 
mine. 
VVhpn it wag up consideration be.fßre, the Senator 
C-rmn Louisiana. not now in b is place, [Mr. SLIDELL,] rnade 
snsne totnarks in relation to the bill itself, and the elai:ns 
that he »upposes are covered by it; and the Seuator 100k 
occasion to say that by the treaty tbc Unit,'d 
States and the United States agreed to Mex 
tor t•ertair! territory•ceded by Mexiet) to the 
, and that that oad ali IJeen 
U Hited State 
the Senator intended to xsropreeent the 
fact the ease, and he Inade this statement through nnere 
Ilnwever, renuu•k would fead a 
conver:-ant wit.ål the. Ihct:s to believe that the United 
had paid r.o the of Mcxieo in 
, and that t.hi•s was a different, outside 
i,t, the Gnverinn=.'ikt of the United States Wii* 
matt 
not upon to tes•poud to. 'I'hat, however, is a great 
Yl'h(-• Senator then goos on to say, that t.he 
were. not paid, but only 
that t.he balance of $3,250,000 remained in 
the ' l' reasury of the United States as a trust fund 
befon•aing to Mexico, and that any balance which 
might' he adjudicated to to our citizens 
would revert to' Mexico. Now I n•rust return tl.e 
thc Senator froni Georgia ['aid 
and so. y that I arn sure he did not intend to rnis- 
represent the tacts ot• the case, but hag certainly 
I will read, ill order that 
-misunderstood Khe•m. 
-t here tnay be tilist&ke about the •natter— 
I Irave no wish to recur to it aøain—the twelfth 
artielc of' the treaty. 
ART. n. consideration Of the extension acquired 
the (jiüted States, as in the 
by the boundartes of 
article of the pre.*ent. treaty, the Covennnent. 
U Ili!.ed States engages to pay to that the Mexican Repub• 
lie the sun) of $15.0U0,00Ö. Innnediatt•ly after this treaty 
been dui y raGfizd bv Elle Govvrutnent of the 
sun) $3.00D.0tj0 shall b? paid t.o 
said bv that 0' the United Stales, at the 
city. Me.xieo. it' the or coin o; Mexico. The 
tetn;uning shall be paid at the, saine place, and 
of each, 
in the coin, in annual 
rate (It' six 
interest on the sanae a: the 
together 
'Phiy interest shall to run upon 
sunl of SIQ 00.).00 i'ronn the (fay of the ratifiea 
tian t.he present treaty by the M e.xican Govcrntneut, and 
the fi of the in shall 
be pa tile expl ration 
ot• one year fron) the san.e day. 'Pagethcr with vacu annual 
, t.he interest accruü12 on 
instatftnent., ir falls 
such insta]hueut frotn tile beginning also be paid." 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
ngo. 
not pav these clairnfi however just they may be, hands, and 110 means of inquiry into the facts. 
To ascertain the . validity of those claims, 
board of eotnmissioners is •to be appointed, &e:. 
Now, I am sure that I was perfectly right in Iny 
first. statement, and that the Senator was Wrong. 
it is long 
[Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, 
time since I read the treaty between this Govern- 
meöt and Mexico; but the impression waSstrons-rly 
on nty mind that the #3,250,000 set apart for the 
I paytnebf. ot• these claims had been stipulated to 
I be paid by this Governrn%int in consideration of 
I the cession of territory. Perhaps -i Was m;stakcn 
but it is not a matter of any const• 
about that; 
gucmnce whether the $3,250,000 was a part of the 
| or nn independent snm to be paid by 
the Government of the United States. T be Gov- 
ernment of the United States has entered into a 
p!ighted obligation, not only to the Republic (if 
Mexico, but to the citizens of the U-nited States, 
to puy them to the extent of atany rate, 
for any jest. clailns which They micrht.have acai nst. 
I the Government of Mexico. Here are $211,000 of 
the $3 250,000 that have not been paid. The only 
question for the Senate to decide is: are there any 
just claitns, on the part of illdividual citizens of 
the Ü nited States aga inst the Government of' Mex- 
ico which have not heen paid out oft.he 
Now, we-bat is prop".éitiöii? A Co.nimisSiön 
having been orvauized under the law, and 
having -had full to and,uæver 
having presented - their clairn«, at the Of 
twelve years» when the evidence, of, ihe facts so 
far as concerns -the Government and •its 'abitit,y -to 
resist fraudulent e.launs, would be entirely 
is proposed to have-a •seeo:sd Where 
is this to end? Ton have at her -treaties of, the 
same kind. As stated, you hwd tt.simiieir)• pr0- 
vision in the treaty with Spain, where you agl?eed 
to release Spain from -atl'liabil-ity for.eny claims 
of your citizens, and.pravided that would-pay 
not exceeding to your own citizens, in 
c.onsiderati0)) that_-Spain ceded the Floridas. *Your 
commission- sat under that treaty; they adjudica- 
ted the claims; they rejected vast muounts. Of 
tbc an) nunt t'hat they md recognize, the sum -of 
$5,000,000 -would not pay more than ninety-two 
per centi You- never paid N-u-y more. Would it 
not be a monstrous proposition now to, say: 
the faith of this Government ig pledged •t.g pay. 
more than it agreed -to •puv, or- that it is.-plédged 
to liave a. new - comrrussion in favor of persons 
who did not then choose to come in and pi•esent 
their claims? Where ia the difference between 
It. is only 
twelve or twenty-five. or thirty years 
I f' thore be an V such just clairns, this Governmet')t 
not puy these a question uf time. The neglect is as great in the, 
would aet in bad faith if it did 
'i'_he claimant has had 
'l'hat is the posi- one case as in the other. 
(or their 
the full opportunity to make known his. claim, 
t ion take, and I think it is invulneral-ile. The 
Governrnent of the United States ugt•eed to pay according to the tern-ns of the treaty, to the tribu- 
if there were individual clairns to t.hut organized by Congress under it; 
he has failed 
It has already paid the whole otnountof to (10 so; and he has no claim "'hatever upo_n this 
that surn, with the exception of +211,000, which 
It is alleged 
in the 'I'reasury unexpended. 
that there aro citizens of the United States, who 
have just claims against the Government of Mex- 
ico, s•vhieh have not hcretorore been paid out of 
this fund. If that be true, I want to know with 
w t'lat sort of good faith, 
or honor, the Govern- 
ment ot• the United States Can shelter itself be- 
hind t be cornmissio-n, and say, We will 
, although we have pledged our faith Lhat•they gl)till 
r i"lvat. is the qnesli0[l for tbc Senate. to 
be paid." 
decide. This bill merely provides that if there be 
any just claims which have. not heretöftÅ•e been 
q to the board coin missioners, or hav- 
heen presente'.l, have not been decided on 
ti'iei•• merits, but have •one off upon some tech- 
Gnv€•rrnnent. 
Tbe limitation is simply to protect the Govern- 
r•nent against excess. iL has always been inserted 
in such treaties; and it itnplies no obligation -tp 
I pay those who so sleep over their rights that they 
the Governmen:t 
suffer years to expire, -when 
mizllt meet fraudulent claims; aodÆben come forr 
wurd the purpose of establishing them when 
i the Government have no means of redress in their 
But. this further as a question of mere 
policy. This Governtnent. have had, probably, 
twenty cnsesoltcommissions under treaties. ri*hey 
never have yet established a second commission 
to. pass [he claims ot- claimants who did not 
choose to pretsent then)selves under the first come 
ruixsion establishi'd under treaty. Why should 
tilt y Nuch a cornr»ission? Where will it 
nical point, so that the claiuntnts have had injus„ 
is i'_LNt, trood cause, under the 
tice done thern , they tnay bc allowed an opportu- 
nit y aEain to present their claims before Florida treaty, to appt')int a new commission, and 
let e.laitnunts eon'ke in— 
heirs of Mr. Meade, 
of commissioners appointQd the Government, 
and if their clairus can be sustained hy proof and I amnngothers—for that. elaini wus one of thecltüms 
by the principles of justice, I Ins fund of $211,000 that the connmssioners, from want of tes- 
shall be appropriated {0 pay then) as f.ar us it timony, or some other refused to act upon, 
f have been under the impression that from the 
date of this treaty up almost to the present period, 
the 'Tt•easury of the (Ji'litcd States has been per- 
fectly cotnpetent to meet all its obligations—in 
a very different position froth what it unfortu- 
t he rt•• can be no principle 
goes. 
It is the 
rnnre just and hono 
Senato to decide whether they will take that, or 
repudiate these elaiuns, and do injustice to the 
oi' the U nitt d States. 
Mr. BAYARD. I am u l')able. to see any pre 
tension to a question of faith arisino• in this case. 
The Government. of' the United States did not 
pledge the rnselves to pay to clairnants; 
pay clai 
but they pled2•ed themsel to 
tri- 
who, under the terms of that treaty— 
bunal that it provided for was constituted by 
establish their claims before 
that' tribunal, provided the amount did not exceed 
$3,250,000. This is one of cornmone.st forn•fs 
nate•ly is to-day. believe all the demands upon 
'I'he, ! . of limitation OF) the pai t of the Governn:el'it where 
the Treasury have been 
promptly met. 
treaty stipulates for the payment of they negotiate with a foreign country and release 
that country fron') the claim of a citizen, and agree 
in cash on tho exchancre of ratifications, und the 
paymellt. of the other in föur annual to take the claim upon themselves. In such cases, 
Illstalltnpnts That is the obligat.ion of the treaty. this Govern n•ænt almost il)variably in) poses a lim- 
If' $3,250,000 have been reserved', the onus of itation on the amount for which ibey shall be lia- 
establishing that fact falls upon thc Senator from 
Georgia, and not upon me. 
Now let us go further. article fourteen 
The I Inited States do furthermore discharge the Mexi- 
can Republic t•rorr' ali clailns ot citizens of the United States, 
decided against the Mexican Govermnent. 
*tot here 
wiliel, have arisen previously to the date of' he signa- 
ture ot- this treaty." 
Bv article fifteen 
Cnt!.ed States. exonerating Mexico from all de- 
manus on account the claiiH.'* of' their citizens, nlent.ioned 
preceding and considerinr-r tilem entirely and 
forever canceled, whatever their may be, undertake 
to n:ake satisiået.ion for the same ' 
To whom? Not to (hc Mexicnn Government, 
but. to the ciuzens of' the United States— 
' 'to an afnount not exceeding $3,250 000." 
ble,and they appointa tribunal to decide upon the 
merits of the clanns. It was done in this instance. 
The claims were before it.; they were adjudicated 
able and eminent men. Not satisfied With tbat, 
us I said before, great complaints were made of 
the decisions of tl-mt cornmission. It was alleged 
that they had rejected claims that ought to have 
been allowed in law and in equity. Their action 
was revised by a committec of the Senate four 
years afterwards; and after an investicration of the 
whole of the petitions presented, and a oeneral 
notice published throughout t.be country for claim- 
tho comruittee •decided in i 
ants to come forward, 
: i favor of but two claims, and divided upon a third. 
These two have paid: the bills for them 
il were subsequently passed. 
, I do not know that there rutty not be 
specific cases in rd to which possiblv, 
peen* liar cit•eutnstances, the claimants niight not 
satisfy that the v ought to be relie+ed 
on other grounds; Lut I am very sure that there 
is no quest-ion of faith in this case on the part: of 
the nation; and that unless we mean to open- the 
t.lle case of every 'treaty we have ever 
negotiate'd,- w herre a commissimi has been held 
nnder it, for appliciitious for new commiss:ons 
• lapse of ten, fifteen, or twenty years, we enn- 
not agree to pass this bill; for the mere fact that 
the mnount the cluims did not c.mne up to the 
sum that we stipulat( d should be the extenl that 
we would pay, can 'nake no difference whatever 
as regards the equi!Y nt the clyrnnnts. We did 
not agree to pay We agreed to pay 
the claini.s adjudica t.cd which were •to 
the commission. The comrnission sat, with pub- 
and if the clainuunts did not come, we 
lic notice; 
were to pay only what was adjudged. Unfortu- 
natcly, as regards the Government of the United 
States, they did pay a great deal more undér that 
cornmissicm. than they to have paid. They 
paid the amou)'lt of the Gardiner elaim,and they 
never recovered back one tenth part of the amrnu•it 
they did pay. The fund originally left was but 
It - has been since in- 
or a little over. 
creased by the amount which has been recovered 
arising from the fraud in the Gardiner casef bug 
that does not constitute oile tenth part of ihc 
amount that was paid under 'Gardiner claim. 
The PRESIDING (Mr. in 
the chaire) The hour o? one (b clock having 
rived t the. further consideration of. ibis bill mtif*t 
give wa to the cönsideration ot• the special order. 
Mr. {A YARD, I have done at any rate, I 
