136 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 19, 
its {improvement, its perpetuation, its continu- 
ancej -pointing out and by prescribing the 
niode ond man-ner in which improvements -shall 
be mad.e. 'That still presérvés the idea that it 'is, 
to be. perpetual. We find, in addition_, a-provision 
that 'Congress shall have power to admit new- 
States. 
Hence, in traveling along -through the instru-. 
men.t, find how- the Government is. created, 
how "it; perpetuated, and •how it may be 
enlarge.d in refeFénCe the number of States con- 
sgitutihg_ r..tba Confederacy; but dcwe find any 
provisionaror ,Winding it up, except on that great 
Rih#ént-priricipl-e that it" may be wound- up by 
the States—not by a State, but aby the States 
which. Spoke it into- existence—and by no other 
means.- That is a means of taking down the 
Government that the Constitution could not pro- 
vide for s. 
It is above the Constitution; it is be- 
yond any provision that can be Inade by mortal 
Now, to expose the absurdity of the pretension 
that-therc is a right to secede, let me press this 
awument a little further. The Constitution has 
becn-förmed; it has been made perfect, or, in other 
words, means havc been provided by which it 
can be made perfect. 
It was intended to be pcr- 
petual. In reference to the execution of the laws 
under •it, what do we find? As early as 1795, 
Congress law, taxing distilleries 
throughou:t the .:country, *lid, what were called 
the' whisky boys of- Pennsylvania, resisted the 
law. "The Government wanted means. 
It taxed 
distilleries. The people of Pennsylvania resisted 
it. What is the difference between a portion of 
the people resisting a constitutional law, and all 
of the' people of a State doing so? eat because 
you can apply the term coercion in Æ)ne cusc to a 
State, and in the other call it simply the execu- 
tion of the law against individuals, you say there 
is a great distinction! We do not assume. the 
power to coerce a State, but we assume that Con- 
gress has power to lay and collect taxes, and 
gress has the right to enforce that. law when ob- 
structions and impediments are opposed to its 
enforcement. The people of Pennsylvania did 
object; they did resist and oppose the *egal au- 
thorities of the country. YVas that law enforced ? 
Was it called coercion at that day to enforce it? 
Suppose -all the •people of the State of' Pennsyl- 
vania had resisted: •would not the law have ap- 
plied -with just. the same force, and would it not 
have been just as constitutional to execute it 
againsts all the people of the State, as it was to 
execute it upon a part of their citizens? 
George Washington, in his next annual mes- 
sqge to the Congress of- the United States, referred 
to the subjccl; and if my friend from Cahfornia 
Will 'read two or tb_rep paragraphs me, he will 
do me u favor, for I cannot see by this light. 
will be seen from the, rending of theso'paraeraphs 
what George Washington considered to be his 
duty in the execution of the laws of thc United 
States upon tile citizens of the States. 
LATHAM read, as follows: 
'J'hus the painful alternative could not bc discarded. I 
ordered the militia to Inarch, alter once tnore adtnonishing 
tbc insurgcnts, in my proclaxnation•of the 25th ()t• Septe.lll- 
ber last. 
It wasa task too diffcu!t, to ascertain with precision 
tbe• lowest: degrecjot force cotnpetent to The quelling of the 
insurrection. -From a respect, indeed, to economy, and the 
ease of fellow-citizens belongili" to the militia, it would 
have- gratified me åceo,inplish stich an estiniate. B•ly very 
reluctance to ascribe too 'nuch importance to the opposi- 
its extent been accurately seen, would have been 
a decided -inducelnent to the *inanest efficient nun)bcrs. 
In this uncertainty, thérelöre, put in motion fifteen thou- I 
sand men, as being an anny which, according to all hu:nan 
calculation, would be projnpt avid adequate in every view, 
and Inight, perhaps, by rendering resistance' desperate, pre- 
vent- the effusion of biood.- -Quotas had been assigned to 
the States of New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and 
Virginia; the Governor of Pennsylvania having declared. 
on this occasion, an opinion- which justified a requisiti01i 
to the other States. 
As commander-in-chief of the militia, when called into 
the actual service ot• the United States, have visited the 
places ot• general re-ndezvous, to obr.atn rnore exact inform- 
ation. to direct i)'an ulterior movenu•nts. 
there room for persuasion that the -laws were secure 
fro"). obstruction ; that the civil was able to bring 
to such the as have not e:nbraced 
the terrns of anjnesty, and may be deemed fit ob- 
jeet: o: that the friends to peace and good 'tov- 
ern:aent 'vere not in need aid which 
ihcy ouz}2tal to receive, and 9 trust, ever will receive, 
should tiave caught 
against the v 
I v tile Olipcnttlikit.v of the militia to their 
and But succeeding intelli&ence has tended 
to manifest the necessity of what has been done; it being 
now confessed by those who were not inclined to exagger- 
ate the ill conduct (jfthe insurgents, that their Inalevoience 
v,'ås not pointed mere*y tb a particular law, but that a-spirit 
inimical to all order bas actuated many ot• the offenders. 
l•t• the state Dt' ttRings had afiörded reason. for the continu- 
ance of my presence with the Army, it •ttvould not •have 
been Witbholden. But cvery appearance assuring such an 
issue as will redound to the reputation and strength of" the 
United States, I have judged it most -proper to resume my 
duties at the seat of Government, leaving the chief com- 
tnund with the Governorof Virginia." 
While there is cause to lament that occurrences of this 
nature should have disgraced the narne or interrupted•the 
tranquillity of any part of- our comn)unity, or should have 
diverted to a new application any portion of the public re- 
sources, there are not wanting real and Substantial consola- 
tions for the misförtune. It has denjonstrated that our pros- 
pekity rests-on solid foundations, by furnishing an additional 
broot• that my iO\10w-citizens understand the. true principles 
of Governrnent and liberty; that they feel their inseparable 
union ; 
that, notwithstanding all the dOvices which have 
been used to sway thein from their interest and duty, they 
are now as ready to maintain the, authority of the. laws 
against licentious invasions as they were to defend their 
rierhts against usurpation. 
it has been a spectacle, display„ 
to the highest advantage the value of republican Gov- 
ernxnent, to behold the most and the least wealthy of our 
citizens standing in the saine ranks as private soldiers, pre- 
eminelktl.v distinguished by being the artny of the Consti- 
tution, undeterred by a Inarch of three hundred miles over 
rugged mountains, by the approach of an inclement season, 
or by any other discouragement. Nor ought I to omit to ac- 
knowledwe the efficacious and parrjot.ic cooperation whicll 
have experienced from the Chief Magistrates of the States 
to whicb rny requisitions have. been 
can State Papers—Misceltaneous, vol. 1. , p. 85. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. we see that 
in that instance President Washington thought 
there was power in this Government to execute 
its laws. NM e see, too, that George Washington 
considered the militia the army of the Constitu- 
tion. We sec, too, George Washington re- 
fers to this Union as being inscparable. This is the 
way that the laws were executed by the Father 
c.)f his Country, the man who sat as pi•esidenl of 
the convention that Jnadc the Constitutior). Here 
'.,vas resistance interposed—opposition to the exe- 
cutionof the laws; and George Washington, then 
President of the United States, went in person at 
the head of the rnilitia; and it showed his saga- 
city, his corrcct comprehension of men, and the 
effect that an immediate mov,mnent of that kind 
would have upon them. Ele ordered fifteen tbou- 
sand of his countrymen to thc scene of action, 
and went thc:rc in person, and stayed there till he 
was satisfied that t hc insa bordination was quelled. 
r_llhat is the 03anner in which George Washing- 
ton put down rcbcllion. 
'l"hat is the manner 
which he executed the laws. 
Here, then, we find General Washington oxe- 
cuting the law, in 1795, against a portion of the 
citizens of Pennsylvania who rebelled; and, I re- 
peat the question, where is the difference between 
cxecuting the law upon a part and upon the 
whole? Suppose the wholc of Pennsylvania had 
rebelled and resisted the excise law; had refused 
to pay taxes on distilleries: was it not as compe- 
tent and as constitutional for General Washing- 
ton to have executed the law the whole 
as against a part? Is there any difference? Gov- 
ermnental affairs illust be practical as well as our 
own dmnestic affairs. You Ilia y make nice meta- 
physical distinctions bctwcen the practical oper- 
at.ions of Government and its theory; you may 
refine upon what is a State, and point outa differ- 
ence between a State and a F)ortion of a Stoate; but 
what is it l.vhen you reduce it to practical opera- 
tion, and square it by common sense ? 
resistance was interposed to laws of 
the United States in another Slate. An ordinance 
was passed by South Carolina, assuminE to act as 
a sovereign State, to nullify a law of' the United 
States. in 1833, the distinguished man who filled 
the executive chair, who now lies in his silent 
grave, loved and respected for his virtue, his honor, 
his integrity, his patriotism, his undoubted cour- 
and his devotion to his kind, with an eye 
single to thc promotion of his country's best in- 
terests, issued the proclamation extracts from 
which I have already presented. He was sworn 
to support the Constitution, and to see t klat the 
laws were faithfully executed: and ho fulfilled 
the obligatior). 
He took all the steps necessary 
to secure bhe execution of the law, and he would 
have executed it by the povv•el' of the Government 
if the point of time had arrived when it x,vas ne- 
cessat•y to resort to power. can see that he 
acted upon 
princ_u-nes to those acted upon 
by General 
He took the precau- 
tion of ordering a force there sufficient for the, pur- 
pose of enabling him to say effectually to the rebel- 
lious, and those who were interposing opposition 
to .thc execution of the laws: "The laws which 
we madc according to the Constitution, the laws 
that provide for the collection of the revenue to 
sustain this Government, must be enforced, 
the revenue must be collected. It iS a part of 
the compact; it is• part of the engagement vou 
have undertaken to perform,- and yoa of your 
own. will have no power. or authority to 
it 
aside." The duties were collected; the law M•'as 
enforced; and the Government went -on. 
proclamation, he made a powerful appeal. 
told them what would be done; and it would have 
been done, as certain as God rules on high, if the 
time had arrived which made it -necessary. 
Then we see where General Washington stood , 
and where General Jackson stood. Now, how 
does tbe present case stand? The time has come 
when men should speak out. Duties are mine; 
consequences are God 's. 1 intend to discharge 
my duty, and intend to avow my understanding 
of the Constitution and the laws of the country. 
Have we no authority or power to execute, the 
laws in the State of South Carolina as well as in 
Vermont and Pennsylvania? I think vvpe have. 
As I before said, although a State may, by an 
ordinance, or by a resolve, or by an act of any 
other kind, declare that they absolve their citizens 
from all allegiance to this Government., it does 
not release i.hem from the compact. The com- 
pact is reciprocal; and they, in coming into it, 
undertook to perform certain duties and abide by 
the laws made in conförmity with the compact. 
Now, sir, what is the Government to do in Sol-Illi 
Cut-olina ? 
If South Carolina undertake to drive 
the Federal courts out of that State, yet tbc Fed- 
cral Government has the right to hold those 
courts there. She may attempt to exclude the 
mails, yet the Federal Government has the right 
to establish post offices and post roads and to 
carry the mails there. She may. resist the collec- 
tion of revenue at Charleston, 01' any other point 
that the Government has provided its collec- 
tion; but the Government has the right to co}lcct 
it and to enforce the law. She may undertake 
to take possession of the property belongino• to 
the Government which was originally ceded by 
the State, but the Federal Go verntnent has the 
rifflit to provide the rueans for retaining posses- 
Sion of that property. If she makes an advance 
either to d ispossess the Govern noent. of that which 
it has purchased, or to resist the execution of the 
revenue laws, 01' of our judicial system, or the 
carrying of the mails, or thc exercise of any other 
power conferred on the Federal Government, she 
puts herself in the wrono•, and u will be the duly 
of the Government to see that the lat.vs are faith- 
fully executed. By reference to the records, it 
will be seen that, on 
December 19, 1805. South Carolina granted all the right, 
, and clann of the State to all the lands reserved for 
Fort Moultrie, on Sullivan's Island, not exceeding five 
acres, with all the forts, törtifications, &e., thereon ; éanal, 
Ec. ; the high lands, and part of the nrarsb, belongin«r to 
Fort Johnson, not exceeding twenty acres; the hui(l on 
which Fcn•t Pinckney is built, and three acres around it; a 
portion of the sandbank on the southeastern:nost point 
Charleston, not exceeding two acres ; not exceedin" ibur 
acres for a battery, or fort, &c., on Blythe's Point, at the 
mouth of Sampit river; Mustard Island, in BeautOrt river 
opposite Parris's Island ; not exceeding seven acres of land 
on St. Helena Island, for a principal fort; 
the whole on 
condition that the United States should, within thrcc years, 
repair forts, &c.; the United States to cotnpensate indi- 
viduals for property; the lands, &c., to bé free ironl taxes 
to the State." 
I-lere is a clear deed of cession. The Federal 
Government has complicd with all the conditions, 
and has, in its own right, the land on which these 
forts are constructed. - 'i'he conditions of the ces- 
Sion have been complied with; and the Govern- 
ment has had possession from that period to the 
present time. There are its forts; there is its 
arsenal; there are its dock-yards; there is the 
properly of the Governtnent; and now, under the 
Constitution, and under the laws made in pursu- 
ance thereof, bas South Carolina the authority 
and the tight to expel tho Fedpral uovernn•ent 
from its own property that has been o•iven to it 
i by her own act, ana of which It is now 
session? By resisting toe execution of the 
by attemptiY)g• to dispossess the Federal Govern- 
nnent., does she not put herself 
Does she not violate the laws of the United ? 
Does she not. violat.e the Constitution? 
not put herself, wit.hin the n"ieaning and purview 
of the Constitution, in the attitude of levying war 
