1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
and upon the principle practiced by thc Congress 
of the United States in the case of Florida, to 
seize her, pass her under the jurisdiction of the 
United States, and hold her as a province. 
Mr. President, I have spoken of the possibility 
ofa Statc standing in the position of South Car- 
olina making alliances with u foreign Power. 
What do we see nom.v? Ex-Governor Manning, 
of that State, in a speech made not long since at 
Columbia, made these declarations: 
Cotton is king, and would enable us in peace to rule 
the nations of the world, or successfulivto encounter then) 
'I'he "lillions in Francc and bngland engaged in 
in war, 
its rnanufacture, are an cffectual guarantee of the friendship 
If necessary, their armies would stand 
to guard its uninterrupted and peaceful cultivation, and 
thear men-of-war would line our coasts to guard it in its 
transit from our ports." 
Ali! are we prepared, in the face of doctrines 
like these, to permit a State that has been a mem- 
ber of our Confederacy to go out, and erect her- 
self into an independent Power, when she points 
to the time when she will become a dependent of 
Great Britain, or when she will want the pro- 
tect.ion of France? What is the doctrine laid down 
by Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Mason and Mr. Soulé? 
If Cuba is to pass into the hands of an unfriendly 
Power, or any Power inimical to the United 
States, we have a right to seize and to hold her. 
Whct•e is the difference between the two cases? 
If South Carolina is outside of t.he Confederacy 
as an independent Power, disconncctcd from this 
Government, and we find her forming alliances to 
protect her, I ask what becomes of that great prin- 
cipte, the law of self-preservation? Docs it not 
apply with equal force? We are told, upon pretty 
high authority, that Great Britain is operating in 
the United States; that she is exerting a power- 
i find that, in a paper issued from 
ful influence. 
thc executive offce, Little Rock, Arkansas, and 
addressed to the militia of the State of Arkansas, 
the- following language is used: 
It. is my opinion, that thc sctt,lcd aud secret policy of 
the British Governnjent is to disturb thc dotucstic tranquil- 
lity ot• the United States; that its object is to break up and 
destroy our Gover•unent, øet_ rid of a powerful rival, extend 
t.hc arca of t.he British dmninions on this Continent, and 
bccoxne the chief and controlling Power in America." 
will not read it all. He, gives many reasons 
why it is so. He says: 
I l)elievc that such a conspiracy e.xists against our Ped- 
era! Govcrnrnent, and that, if all tbc secret facts and trans- 
and the names of the secret 
actions connected iViti1 it, 
British Govertnnent, distrib- 
agent* and enlissaries of the 
uted throughout the United States, could be ascertained, 
well authenticated, and lnade public, the patriotic people 
of the United States would be fille(l with astonishment; 
and having discovered the reat author and instigator of 
Inischief', all discord between the States and the slave. 
States would at once be allayed, it' not entirely cease, and 
that tl)Cn they would becotne fraternally and more firmly 
united ; and that Ibe united indignation of the patriotic 
citizens of the "'holo Union atrainst the British Govern,- 
ment and agents aud emissaries would be so great that 
war would be ücclared against the British Governn:ciil in 
less than twehvc 
The Governor of the Saxte of Arkansas says, 
all the secret workings of Great Britain in 
this country could be ascertained, war would be 
declared in less than twelve months against the 
Government af Great Britain. What further does 
Entertaining these opinions, I deem it Iny duty to the 
people of the State, of zirkansas, to warn them to go tro work 
in. carnest and n•akc permanent and thorough preparations, 
so. that they nnay at all tilncs be ready to protect themseivcs 
and our State acrainst evils which I believe the British 
Government intellds shall not be temporary and trifling, 
irrepressible' and terri- 
but continuous and agrrravated, 
.Tllis is signed by " Elias N. Conway, Governor 
of the Staie of Arkansas, and commander-in- 
chief of the army of said State, and of thc militia 
But ox-Governor Manning, of South 
thereof. " 
Carolina,.declares that, cotton is king, and that 
the armies of Great Britain, and the fleets of 
France, and their mon of wa r, would protect them ; 
the one in the peaceful production of cotton, and 
the otvlier in its exportation to the ports of the 
world. What sort of times are we fal\ing• on? 
Whcrc arc going? A these the threats that 
we are to be met with? 
Is the United States to bc told by one of thc 
States attempting to ahsolve itself fronl its allegi- 
ance, wit!lout authority, and in fact in violation 
of (he Constitution of the United States, that heino 
disconnected with thc Confederacy, it will 
itself upon our coast to form an alliance with 
Franco and with Ene•land, which will proteCt her 
morc securely than thc protection which she now 
recewcs from the United States? The question 
recurs, have we not an existence, have we not 
institutions, to preserve; and in compliance ',vith 
the great law of self-preservation, can we permit 
one of these States to take the protection of afor- 
eign Power that is inimical and dangerous to the 
peaceful relations of this Government? Can We 
do it? I do not believe that we can. I repeat, for 
fear it may be misunderstood, that there are cer- 
tain circumstances and conditions under which the 
remaining States, parties to the compact, might 
tolerate the secession of one State; and there are 
other circumstances and. other conditions under 
which they dare not do it, in view of the I great 
principle of self-preservation of which I have been 
speaking. When any State takes such an atti- 
tude what will be our course of policy? The case 
must be determined by the existing circumstances 
at the time. 
But it is expected and said by some that South 
Carolina, in making this movement, intends to 
carry the other States alonc with her; that they 
will be drawn into it. Now, iar. President, is that 
the way for one sister, for one rebellious State, to 
talk to others ! Is that the language in which they 
should be addressed? I ask my friend from Cal- 
ifornia to read an extract from the message of 
Governor Gist, of South Carolina. 1-10 will do 
me favor by so doing; and then we shall see. the 
basis upon which we stand, and the attitude in 
which we are to bc placed. Not only is South 
Carolina to go out of the Union in violation of the 
Constitution, impeding and resisting the exccu- 
tion of the laws, but the other States are t.o be 
dragged along with her, and we are all to be in- 
volved in one common ruin. 
Mr. LATHAM read the following extract from 
the mcssage of Governor Gist to the Legislature 
of South Carolina: 
The introduction of slaves from other States which may 
not become members of the southern confederacy, aud par- 
ticularly thc border States, should be prohibited by legisla- 
tivc enactment; and by Ibis means they will be brought to 
see that their safety depends upon a withdrawal from their 
enen)ies and an union with their friends and natural allies. 
If they should continue their union with thc non-slavc- 
holding States, let then) keep their slave property in their 
own borders, and the only alternative left them will be enmn- 
cipation by thcir own act, or by the action of their own 
conftderates. We cannotcongentto relieve them from their 
embarrassing situation by permitting them to realizc •the 
money value for their slaves by selling thcm to us, an(l thus 
prepare them, without any Ross of property, to acco:nmo- 
But should 
date thetnselves to the northern free-soil idea. 
they unite their destiny with us, and becmne stars in the 
southern galaxy—menibers of a great southern confédera- 
lion—we will reccive them with open arms and an enthu- 
siastic greeting." 
All hope, therefore, of concerted action by a southern 
convention being lost, there is but one course left for South 
Carolina to pursue consistent with her honor, interest, and 
and that is, to look neither to the right or the left, 
but go straight forward to the consumination of her pur- 
It is too late to receive propositions tor a con- 
t•erence; and the State would bc wanting in self-respect, 
after having deliberately decided on her own course, to en- 
tertail) anv proposition looking to a continuance of the pres 
cnt Union. can get no better or safer guarantee than 
tbc present Constitution ; and that has proved iznpotcnt to I 
'l'hc insti- 
protect us against the thnatieism of the North. 
tution of slavery In ust bc under tho exclusive control of 
those direel.ly interested in its preservation, and not left to 
the mercy of thogc that believe it to bc their duty to de- 
stroy it." 
If my friend 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
will read an cxtract from the speech of Mr. KEITT, 
of South Carolina, it will show the determination 
and policy to be pursued. It is done with all 
respect to him; for hc is a man upon whorn I look 
as a perfect and entire gentleman, from all my 
acquaintance with him; but I merely want to 
quote from his speech to get at the policy they 
wish to pursue. 
Mr. LATHAM read, as follows: 
I-Ion. L. M. KEITT was serenaded at Columbia on Mon- 
day eveninz ; and in response to the cot" plitnent he spoke at 
lie 
considerabie length in favor of separate State action. 
said South Carolina could not take one step back'vard now 
South Ca.rolina 
without receiving the curses of posterity. 
single and alone, was bound to CD out of this accursec 
. he would t.akc her out it' but t,ltrcc Inen went with 
Ililn, and slaves took her baek it would be to her grave- 
yard. Mr. Buchanan 'vas pledgod to secession, and he Incant 
policy of the State should be pru- 
to hold him to it. 
His advice was. Illovc on, side bv side. Ile 
dent a lid bold. 
requested union and hannonv •amo;xg those enibarkcd iff 
• but. yield not a day too long, and when 
thc *lune great c a u , 
'Itake your destinies 
the t-ilnc cornes let it conje speedily. 
'*outh 
in vour own hands, and-shatter this accursed Union, k. 
{hit it' SIIC could not, she could 
could do it alone.. 
at least throw l' er artns arouttl(l the pillars the Constitu- 
tion. and involve the States in ruin. Mr. 
greatly applaudc;t throughout his address." 
K 1,'.1TT 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. President, 
have referred-to .these extracts' to Æhow„tbe POI* 
icy intended to be pursued byöu.r,seceding.sist'er: 
What is the first threat thrown out? is •an cin- 
timidation to the bord er States al ludingespceiaily, 
1 suppose, to Virginia, 
Missouri, They eonstitute the first .tiervof the 
border slave States. 'Phe next tieB w0ülcF be 
North. Carolina and Tennessee and Arkansas* 
W c in the South have complained of and cons 
demned the position assumed by the 'Abolition' 
ists. •We have complained that their intentiotl 
was to hem slavery in, so that, Aike the: scorpion 
when surrounded by fire, if it did not die-from 
the intense heat of the scorching flames, it would 
perish in its own poisonous skin. Now, 
ter, without consulting her sisters, without caring 
for their interest or their consent, says that she 
will move forward; that she will destroy the Gov- 
crnment under which we. have lived, and that 
hereafter, when she forms a Government or a 
Constitution, unless the border States come in, 
she will pass laws prohibiting the importation of 
slaves into her State from those Stat_es,and thereby 
obstruct the slave trade among the States, and 
thros.v the institution back upon the border States; 
so that they w_ill bc compelled to emancipate their 
slaves upon the principle laid down by the Abe 
olition party. That is the rod held over us! 
I tell our sisters in the South that so far as Ten- 
nessec is concerned, she will not be dragged into 
a southern or any other confederacy until she 
has had time to consider; and then she will go 
when shc believes it to bc hcr interest, and not 
I tell our northern friends, who are re- 
before. 
sisting the execution of the laws made in con- 
formity with the Constitution, that we will* not 
be driven. on the other hand into their confed- 
acy, and we will not go into it unless it suits us, 
and they give us such guarantees as we deem 
right and proper. We say to you of the South, 
we are not to be frightened. and coerced. Oh, 
when onc talks about coergingn State, how mad- 
dening and insulting to the State; but when you 
want to bring the other States to terms, how easy 
to point out a means by which to coerce them ! 
But, sir, we do not intend t.o be. coerced. 
We arc told that certain States will go out and 
tear this accursed Const.itution into fragments, 
and drag the pillars of this mighty edifice down 
upon us, and Involve us all in one common ruin. 
Will the border States submit to such a threat? 
No. If they do not come into the movement, the 
pillars of this stupendous fabric of human free- 
dom and greatness and goodness are to be pulled 
down, and all will be involved in one common 
ruin. Such is the threatening langua«e -used. 
You shall come into our confederacy, or we will 
coerce you to the emancipation of your slaves." 
That is the language which is held toward us. 
There are many ideas afloat about this threat- 
ened dissolution, and it is time to speak out. The 
question arises in reference to the protection and 
preservation of the institution of slavery, whether 
dissolution is a remedy or will give to it protection - 
I avow hcre, to-day, that if I were an Abolitioi)- 
ist, and wanted to the overthrow- and 
abolition of the institution ofslavery in the south- 
ern States, the first step that I would take would 
be to break the bonds of this Union, and dissolve. 
I believe the continuance of 
this Government. 
slavery depends upon the preservation of this 
Union, and a compliance with all the guarantees 
I believe an interference 
of the Constitution. 
with it will brcak up the Union; and I believe a 
dissolution of the Union will, in the end, though 
it may be some time to come, overthrow the in- 
stituuon of slavery. Hence we find so many in 
the North who desire the dissolution of these 
States as the most certain and direct and effectual 
means of overthrowing the institution of slavery. 
What protection would it bc to us to dissolve 
this Union? What protection would it be to us 
to convert this nation into two hostilc Powers, the 
one warring with the other? Whose property is 
at stake? Whose interest is endangered? Is it 
not the property of the border States? Suppose 
Canada were moved down upon our border, and 
the two separated sections, then diflü•ent nations, 
were hostile: what would tbc institution of slavery 
be worth on the border? Every man• who has 
common sense will see that the 
takc up its march and certainly and as 
unerringly as general laws can opcrute. 
would commence to rctrcat -the very moment this 
