THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 19. 
entitled to any powers not given by the said Constitution ; 
but such elauses are to be construed either as exceptions 
to certain specified powers. or as inserted merely for greater 
eaution." 
Now, I would ask the honorable Senator from 
Tennessee, if the time hae not arrived when these 
States ought to-resumc the: powers conferred on 
a Federal Government; or if it has not, I' should 
like to k')ow when. the- time can come. At anv 
rate, the Stutes think that the tirne has.' arrived; 
and if they choose to act, I am sure that he will 
think: better than to go down and to force them to 
remoin in this. Union. What would he do with 
them if" he wei•e to conqucr them? Ilo}d them as i I 
subjeéts? Hold a State as a colony, her people I 
as vassals? - He would not hang the State, hc 
says, but he would liaog -all the people in it, leav- 
ing, s. suppose, t.he soil within its limits unpun- 
ished. 
Then, he talked to us long about the whisky 
insurrection, and shoued ',vhat Washington did . 
r.['he whisky insurrection was a very different 
thing from the solemn act of a sovereign State. 
It had no relevancy to the action of a sovereio•n 
State, acting in her sovereign capacity for the 
redress of her wrongs—redress that she cannot 
obtain in thc Union. There is no parallel. 
not a case. in point; and I wonder that he would 
talk about it. Cl'hese are sovereign States. 'rhey 
have an equal right in thc Territories; and they 
have cause to act, in my honest judgment. Delay 
is sometimes dangerous. Ruinous resukts some- 
times, follow from it, 
But, sir, understand me; I am not a disunion- 
ist. 
I am for the right, and would have it in 
the Union; and if- it cannot be obtained there, I 
would go out of the Union, and have that out of 
the Union that I could not obtain in it, though I 
was entitlcd to it. 
Now, is there no cause for the action of these 
States? Let us look at it fbra moment. Let us 
examine the case a little, and then I will fbllow 
the. Senator little further. I war)t to notice some 
points hc nuadc. 
In the late canvass, as I stated in tho outset, the 
Issue was t,l-lat presented to t.l,e Senate in the res- 
olutions offered by the honorablc Senator from 
Mississippi, [Mr. DAY'1s.] ri'he principles of those 
resolutions were stricken down, and Mr. Lincoln 
was elected. I propose to look at his views very 
briefly, and see whether the States have not smne 
V little reason for alarm, or cause of action, if you 
please. 
I take it-, they are going- to act anyhow, 
whether we please or not; and whether I approve 
their action or not, I pledge. my word that I will 
never draw my sword to strike 
them down for 
exercising a right of. a sovereign State—a right. 
secured by the adoption of the Constitution to the 
members of this Confederacy. The gentleman 
who has been elected Presidentofthe United States 
is a stranret• to inc personally; I have never had 
the pleasure of seeing him; but. I have seen his 
opinions, and I will read what he said in some- 
what recent canvass with the honorable Senator 
from Illinois, [Mr. DOUGLAS.] 
take it, he was 
pretty closely pressed in that struggle, and k will 
make solne allowancc; for Ixe has said nearly the 
samc thing over on several difFerent occasions. 
He said: 
did not -even say that I desired that slavery shon!d be 
put in course of ultimate extinction. f do say so now, bow- 
ever, so-ther€y need be no iongcr any difficulty about tlliit. 
It may be written down in the great speech." * 
t have always -hated slavery, think, as much as any 
Abolitlonlst. have, been an old. line W big. I havealways 
hated it ; 
but have -always been quiet about it Hilti! this 
new era of the introduction of the Nebraska bill begun. I 
always believed that everyb()dy was against-it, and that it 
was in course of ultimate c.xtillction." 
"We are now-tar into the fifth year since a policy was 
initiated with the avowed object and confident pronüse ot• 
putting an end to slavery agitation. Under thc operation of 
that policy, that agitation has not onty not ceased, but has 
constantly augmented. 
In rny opinion, it will not ceasc 
until a crisis shall have been reached and passed. 'A house 
divided against itself cannot stand.' I believe this Govern. 
ment cannot endure permanently half slave and halt' free. 
I do hot expect the Unithi to-be dissolved' 
Neither docs thc Senator from Tennessee— 
do not expect the house to ; but I do expect it '*Vill 
cease to be divided : 
it will becorzje all onc thing or all thc 
other, Either the opponents of slavery wilt arrest the f'ur- 
Ehcr spread of it, and place it where the pnhlic. 'nind 
rest in the belief that it is in the course (fltinrate extinc- 
ti0ü, or its advocate$ 
push it till it shaii be- 
ail the old as well as new, 
alike in 
conie 
North as swell as South," 
Now, iB thcrc anv mistaking this language? IN 
through :Mr. Lincoln 's head When he uttered these 
words? That is not ali. He said, on another oc- 
casion, during the same canvass, in explanation 
of this language: 
only said what r expected would take place. I made 
a prediction only ; it may have been a foolish one, perhaps. i 
I did not even say that I desired that slavery shouåd be put 
do now, however_; so 
in course of Ultimate extinction. 
there need bemo Ionaer any difliculty about that."- 
If were' in Congress, and a votc should come up on 
a quegtion whcthcr slavery should be prohibited in a new 
R'.pe_rritory, in spite of' the Dred Scott decision, I would vote 
that it should." 
Then, sir, in spite of right, in spite of the Con- 
stitution, in spite of the decision of the Supreme 
Court, he would vote that slavery should be pro- 
hibitcd in t.hc.Tcrritoriés. Would you believe such 
a unan as tha.t his oath? Could you believe that 
a man who could hold that doctrinc would bc held 
by his otL1h? I would not; not. a bit of it. I would 
not trust a man that can defy the Constitution; 
that can trample upon the rights of the States; 
that can say that he disregards the opinion or dc- 
c.ision of the Supreme Court; 
that he would not 
respect it; and that, though he had taken an oath 
to support tl)C Constitution of the United States 
in the dischargc of his duty as a member of Con- 
m•ess, he would vote against the right of ti'lesc 
States in the common Territories. 
have i)0t the southern States a right to fecl con- 
cern? I-lave they Aot a right to feel apprehensive 
as to the course of the party that was reprcsented 
tho other day by the honorable Senator from 
Ohio, [Mr. 'WADE,] who said in I-xis Place that 
slavery should never go on one other inch of the 
territory of this country. Can they mistake this 
thing? A Inajority of the pcople of the North 
havc decided •that it shall not. Their Preéidcnt 
says it shall not, and their Senators .say it shall 
not. Then how can the States, 
I would ask the I 
hQl')orable Senator frorn Tennessee, expect in this 
Union to get their rights when they are in a 
ity? What power have the. y to secure. them? Are 
sea running through several Governments shall 
be open equally to ull of them; and besides, as 
the honorable Senator from Louisiana said, there 
is no man in Louisiana that would think for a 
moment of depriving Tennessee of the right of 
navigating that great river. No, sir, nor Ken- 
tucky either, nor Indiana, nor Illinois, nor any 
other State whose waters flow into that mighty 
stream. No such thing would ever be done. On 
the contrary, if they should go out ofthc Union— 
and that is not a matte? for me to decide—I am 
sure that comity and good faith and proper recru- 
lations would exist and prevail between them and 
all the powers owninT territory upon that great 
river. 
Indeed, sir, if a dissolution of this Union shall 
take place, I look to the day when every one of 
those great northwestern States shall become a 
portion of that southern confederacy. They will 
not rernain with that portion of this *country that 
has agitated this question in season and out of 
season, in the school-house, and in the church, 
until they have poisoned tho northern mind. 1 
have no idea that they will remain with the feople 
that have brought so rnuch trouble on so great a 
country as this. 'I'hey would say, you of the 
South have never attempted to encroach on the 
i rights of any northern State; you have never said 
that a State shall not come in without slavery; 
you have always voted to bring in free States; 
you havc been just in all things; you have stood 
by the Constitution, and we can risk you; but 
wc cannot risk these agitators and fanatics who 
have brought all this trouble upon the land." 
Sir, if dissolution comes, it wilbc.nme for reason; 
b ; and if dissolution takes 
it will come for rioht. 
place, who would use force or talk about force in 
this country? 'Who is the rnan hardy enough to 
inaucrurate force? Who is the Xian hardy enough 
to uhdertake to execute Federal laws In South 
and other States after they have becomc 
I spparate and independent Governments? Who 
they to stay here and ficrlit for them . 
He says is the Inan, I would inquire acrain, 
that would 
this is tbc place to win thern. Will he do it agamst ' 
an •overwhelm ino• Inn joritv ? 
a n) inoritv 
in succeed in 
passing the laws of the 
land? indeed, if ever. 
I•hlt, have not yet rn•e.scnted Mr. Lincoln 's 
In the sann: speech fron) which 
whole record. 
last I 
" iV hat I '10 say is, that no Inan is good ('E)ough to govern 
another 'nan without the oihcr nuan•.s conscnt. 
1 
sav tilis 
is the leading principle, the sheet anchor of American re- 
publicanistn. Our l)eclaration of' Independence says : 
W c hold these truths to be atl Inen 
are created equal ; 
that they are endowed by their Creator 
with eertain inalienable right* ; 
that atnong these are life, 
liberty, and the pursuit of 'happiness ; that to secure these 
rigbt*, are instituted tunong men, 
derivil)" 
tlléir just power t•rcnn the consent of the governed.' 
have quoted so inuch at this tirne merely to show, 
(hat according to our ancient fhitli. the powers of govern- 
ment aro datived froth) the consent or the governed. Now, go into battle and flffht for the right; but I will 
the relation or Inaster asd slave is, pro tauto, a violation of 
this principle. The rnaster not only governs the slave •,vith- , 
out his conscnt, but he governs by set ot• rules alto- 
gethcr different "ront those t,vhich he preserihes for hilnseif. 
Allow all the governed an equal voice in the Government ; 
and that, and that only, is " 
And it is remarkable that while Mr. Lincoln 
does not want to govern neorocs without their 
consent, both hc and Ibe Senator from Tennessec 
arc for ryoverninff sovereign Statcs of w hitc men 
without their consent. 
Mr. Lincoln, it is percoi ved, wants necrro equal- 
ity. He wants to place tho neo•ro on an equality 
with the white man. He. xxvants the northern 
States to have negro citizens as well as white; 
and to render those States tho rulers of the south- 
ern States, because they will not have negroes for 
their citizens. 
But, sir, I want to return to the view of the Sena- 
tor from Ti'cnnessce for a moment. He spoke of 
thc price of the acquisitions of territory down 
South, and he spoke particularly of Florida. Hc 
looked at it as n matter of' dollars and cents, never 
at principle, never at right; but he counted what 
it had cost, and what it had cost us to turn a few 
Indians out of there; and now he says the people 
in that State, that. cost so much, are complaininff, I 
because, he ought to have said, they could not 
have the rights to which they are entitled under 
[hc Constitution. Then he is concerned about 
the navi•yation of lhc Mississippi river. 
-He says 
undertake to collect revenue. in South Carolina, 
hold courts there, and execilte laws there, when 
she is not a nu•mbeu• of this Confederacy ? 
I will sav, that that is bringing about civil war; 
n•muzurating a policy that will drench 
this country in blood. 
The man that will do it 
will be looked upon as the worst murderer that 
ever disgraced burnanity. Civil warin this conn- 
try! Conquer States, and hold them as provinces! 
Where is tbc authority t.o do it? 'Ithank God, it 
is not in the Constitution. No such power is 
confened upon this Government. 
It cannot be 
exercised, and I feel proud of it. 
I am a man of 
dislike war. 
I would never make it or 
encourage it, except in defense of right, in defense 
of honor, in defense of truth arid justice. I would 
never force war upon a people, or inauffurate it, 
unlcss it is authorized, and unless it is my dut.y 
to do so in defense of right; but certainly I would 
not make war to conquer a people cobtending 
simply for (t right that has been refused, for a right 
that they cannot have in the Union, and for a 
right that they can have out of the Ullion, even 
if tyrants, or rulers that would be tyrants, should 
undertake to cocrcc them. The man that would 
do it, the man that would inaucyurate it, would 
drench this country in blood. My heart would 
pain me, and I could not rest at all, if I could be- 
lieve such a calamity sliould happen. If it. should 
come unfortunately upon this country, inaugu- 
rated by a tyrant, who would like to conquer and 
hold American citizens as vassals, then I will say 
to that covv'tu•d who would do it, "You will walk 
over your humble servant's body first. " 
I shall 
never coöperate with any portion of this country, 
North or South, that woufd strike down a people 
con tending for their rights. 
Now, sir, what chance have they to get rights 
in the Union? Even if a dissoluti02') takes place, 
if that calamity shall fall upon us, I look forward 
to the day when a reorffanization can be made. 
1 
look upon a dissolution now asafixed fact; I look 
upon it as inevitable; but shall we not all look for- 
ward with hope, with anxious and patriotic hope, 
to the day when a reorganization shall lake place, 
when all these States can corne tot.rethcr in one 
the great Tennessee and he, himself, great arid happy Union, that si•n-tli sects'il•e right, 
justice, and equality, to every portion of the Union ? 
are concerned about the navio•ation of that ri vcr. 
I believe it is roeo«yni7.ed as tho law of nations, as 'If wo would bring about that reorcranization, if 
there ally mistaking the idea that was •running the law of all civilized nations, that a great inland II we would rebuild the fabric that has been stricken 
