THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, -WASn1NGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 21) SESSION. 
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1860. 
down, we must maintain peace. force, Thev destroy it by refusing to •comp4y with its 
sir, inaugurate war in this country, and all hope I provisions. They trample it under foot, because 
they will not do justicc to their friends. They 
of reconstruction has vanished forever. 
claim the territory, though won by the blood of 
Sir, look forward, asanxiously as ever a father 
looked for the return of his son or his beloved the gallant southern men as well as the northern 
dautrbter, to the period when the day shall arrivc men. They refuse to the southern man one inch 
of territory for his, though it cost him 
that a reorganization may take place out of the 
States that have •felt it their duty to go out of tlfis his money and his blood. 
If it was possible, as thc Senator said, in the 
Union for reasons that are so manifest that no just 
closing portion of his remarks, that this Govern- 
and candid man can say they are not right. I am 
ment could be novr•' changed, if the Constitution 
looking to that reorganization with a view of hav- 
could be amended in its provisions, so as to ex- 
r l'his 
ing a better Government than the present. 
tend justice and equality to everybody, who in 
onc will not longer answer the purpose. Thc Con- 
this land would not rejoice, and rejoice with a 
stitution cannot be understood by the sections. 
glad heart? Why, sip, there is no punishment 
One side understands it one way, and the other 
that could be inflicted on me that I would not bear 
another; and that dominant party, the party that 
for the sake of perpetuating this Union; but I 
are soon to come into power, will not take the dc- 
would bear nothing, 01' acrree to nothing, that 
cision of the Supreme Court upon the Constitu- 
would not perpetuate it on terms of equality, 
tion; they will not rcco&nize it. 
justice, and right. These are the principles on 
Now, sir, I cannot say that this Government is 
which it must be maintaincd, or dissolution is in- 
I cannot, in my heart, say that this 
a failure. 
If the party that succeeded in tho latc 
evitable. 
great Government has becn a failure. On the 
triumph had indicated to the country that they 
contrary, regard it as a great success; a mag- 
wore now ready to sec justice done; that they 
nificent success; one that satisfies me, and 
were ready to extend to every southern State the 
satisfy every intelligent man in the country, that 
rights they claim for themselves; if they had, at 
men are still of self-government. Is it not 
the beginning of this Corigt•ess, said amendments 
stranTe, wonderful—remarkable, indeed, that oar 
of the Consiitution will be acceptable to us, and 
fathers could have created a Governmeet to last so 
ratified by our people, extending justice to all," 
long, to answer thc purpose so q,vell as this bas done? 
to-day tho Union would have been safe, and 
It is no evidence of the want of capacity of man 
secession would not have been possible. 
to govern himself, that this Government Flow will 
Mr. President, that party seem to bc blind to 
not answer the purpose. It is unfortunately man- 
their obligations upon this great question. They 
ifest, by the action of an' arrogant sectional party, 
are bringing ruin and destruction upon a happy, 
that it will not do. It must be changed. It will 
prosperous, and free people. By their action and 
be changed. Let us look forward to theday, and 
by their refusal to meet on terms that would be 
pray God that it may come soon, when the Gov- 
honorablc and acceptable to all, and just to every 
ernment shall be so changed that all can live to- 
State alike, they have thrown out of employment 
gether acrain as band of bfothers. 
to-day thousands and tens of tl)ousands of hard- 
The honorable Senator from Tennessee re- 
working men t.hat cannot get bread fbr etheir chil- 
minded us of the glorious Old Domini01'1 , of Wash- 
They have thrown out of employment 
dren. 
ineton, and of his successes. Why, sir, if hc was 
tl"hey have 
the laborers of the northern States. 
living to-day, if he could rise from his hallowed 
brought commercial distress upon the country. 
tomb and say: " I have a right in the common 
They have beggared thousands of people, and, 
territory, that I struggled for in that seven years 
hundreds and thou- 
before the winter is over, 
that party that has suc- 
war of indepeedenc.e," 
sands of honest, industrious, working people will 
ceeded in elccting Lincoln would not allow him 
bc sufferi'ncr arid starving for l)rc.ad; out 
to go into the Territories with his slave. Then 
of' employrncnt becausc that party will not meet 
how can hc say that the Union car: remain as it. is? I 
the other upon principles of justice, equality, and 
He told us of the great Jackson. 
right. The responsibilitv upon their shoul- 
if Jackson could rise froin his tomb at the Her- 
ders. T hc great responsibility rests with them; 
mitage, and attempt to go into the Territories with 
and when the starving thousands shall assemble, 
his slaves, he would ho met with Sharpe's rifles, 
in the streets asking for bread, and it 
and march 
and turned out, and, if needs be, forced away by 
shall be pointed to them, " this distress is not 
the party that have succeeded in electing a Presi- 
brought on you by the South, for they have been 
dent on that issue; for, on that question of free 
I just to you and to every State in the Union; but 
territory there is no difference of opinion in thc 
it has been brought upon you by your sectional 
Republican party. 'l"hcy differ many other 
party detcrjnine,d to fbrc.c a minority to submit 
things. Every clement on earth mccts together 
an arrogant Ihaiority, 
to the unjust demands c,. 
every opinion earth rnccts 
there; 
'P 110 y are rc- 
v.rhat will be the 
there; and, th ough they differ in everything 
sponsible. Let t.he consequences fail them. 
clsc, upon that question of frec territory they 
And yet lhey indicate to us Il'jat they will coerce 
stand united. What will you do with them? Sub- 
mit.? Are gallant, independent, sovereign States 
to submit to inequality, to inrer:ority? If a mu- 
jority were to say that I have no right in the Ter- 
ritory, that I cannot go there with my property 
on equal terms with oihcr men, and I '•.verc to sub- 
mit, what would you pronounce it, I ask? What 
would you pronounce the submission man that 
would submit to be a merobcr of a confederacy 
upon terms of inferiority, inequality, and degra- 
dation ? 
That doctrine will, not. do. Equality must pre- 
Iloolc upon this Government to-day as the 
greatest Government ever created by the wit of 
I look upon our Constitution as the best 
man. 
system of government ever formed by man. 
would to God it could be maintained as it is 
NEw 
necticut. How can these gentlemen, then; say to 
us that they •,vill coerce States, and force thém to 
submit to wrong? 'Where will they get the nien 
to do it? 
The condition of the country, I assure you; sir, 
affords me no pleasure. 'It gives mc constant anx-• 
iety, pain, and suffering. man-living, Ithipk, 
loves this country morc than I do. No man Would 
go further to promote its existence and the per- 
if laying down my 
petuity of the Union than i. 
life to-day would bring justice and equality to the 
States, and restore that fraternal feeling which 
prevailed in the earlier and better days of our 
Republic, and place it. upon footing that would 
extend justicc and •ri&ht to all, that would pro- 
mote its welfare, how diappy would I be to Com- 
promise. by saying. 'K sacrifice me, but save ihis 
great Confi•deracy, and let justice and equality 
prevail ill all portions of the Union." 
say, sir, this condition of things affords to meno 
gratification. On the contrary, it has given me 
the deepest sorrow and regret. I want this Union 
I want the Constitution maintained. 
perpetual. 
desire equality to prevail. See that equality 
prevails; but, sir, [M i'. E'k00T in the chair].lt is in 
your power. It is in the power of that sectionøin 
which you live and which you represent, to yet 
save this Union, and to bring about the early re- 
organization of a great Republic upon a basis that 
will be permanent and lasting, if you would only 
speak earnestly and say, " Gentlemen, it is all an 
error; we never intended to deprive -you of the 
South of your equality in the Territories, and we 
are willing to provido in the Constitution that 
every State shall liavc her equal rights in the 
common territory of a cornruon country; 'that 
every Inan shall have a right to go with hlS propz 
epty tLcrc, and have il protected while the terri- 
torial condition remains," and live up to all other 
constitutional rights, Do this; meet the Democ- 
racy of tl')e North and South upon this great prin- 
ciple, and rnaintain the il)tegrity of the Constitu- 
t ion as it was handed down to us by our fathers, 
and we will go on prospering and to prosper until, 
indeed, this Shull bc tbc greatest country on the 
face of thc carth. 
Why, sir, to break up such fabric, to break 
up sach a Union, to destroy such a Constitution, is 
a matter of the deepest regret to every good man 
North and South. There is not one State •in the 
South that would do it without cause. Tliere is 
no State North, but for the influence of the Repub- 
lical) party, that would do it. But you see that 
a party North has iznposed conditions' that can- 
be recognized; conditions of inequality that 
cannot be sübmittcd to. They must be cbaiigéd; 
that party -must change in sentiment, 
, Or the Union wilt • break- up, and 
and in dOe„trine 
the responsibility rests upon them. They have 
not the South. They hive 
destroyed the Union; 
forced the South into dissolution. It has not been 
it has not been courted by 
sought by the South; 
them. Théy have not sought or desired it. They 
States if)to submission, make it a sectional wrau•, 
have pleaded Coc right. They ask nothing more. 
and u.se thesc thousands crood men to fight II 
battles that [hcy would impose upon the country Give them that, and the perpetuation of this glo- 
know these honest. 
rather than do justice ! 
working men witl do no such thil]". Do you bc- 
lie ve they will join you? Never; 
ncvcr. 
no, sn• 
The heart of the Democracy Qf the northern States 
'l'hcy ask nothing but what is- right, 
is sound. 
and they will never join a sectional party in crush- 
ing that spirit of' justice and cquality. 
Sir, to-day, in Ohio, you have thousands, yea, 
tens of thousal'Kls of as pure, as pa- 
triatic, as live on the face of thc world, that will 
never join a sectional party to cocrce a State, 
whether led by soutl-rern ornorthern men. In I ndi- 
I know them to be 
ana, I know the Dcmocracy. 
I can sav the same of Illinois, ük)d of all the 
would to pure. 
wish that equa!ity could prevail. 
northern States. So it, is asto New Y Gkk, Pennsyl- 
I-leaven that justice could be dealt out fairly to 
II . 
and Connecticut particularly. Why, sir, 
evary rnc•-tn of' every State of this Union, as pro- 
vided by that system of government. But on the face of this earth you cannot find -the same 
it cannot. be so. Public. opimon is in its way. ; I n urnb€•i' 01 as no consL*tute the Democracy 
The northern sectional party is opposed to it; and ofthatglorious State of* Connecticut, that are more 
and devot.ed to right and justice and to the 
you cannot have rights equal with them under the 
Constitution as it is. They break it up, not we. constitutional Union-, than t11C Democracy of Con- 
10 
rious Union is insured; and that is my earnest 
Mr. President, I bcg pardon of the Senator from 
O_hio for consuming so much time. will now 
yield him the floor. 
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Senate do now 
adjourn. 
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 understand that. is a 
commumcation from the President of the United 
States, which requires the consideration of- the 
Senate, and will not occupy more%han a moment; 
and I ask the Senate to proceed-to the consider(F 
It is simp,y to refer 
tion of exer,utive business. 
certain matters. 
Mr. PUGH. 1 will yield to that motion. 
EXECUTIVE SESSION. 
On of Mr. the Senate prop 
ceeded to the consideratvon of' execati,vc business; 
and after time spent doors were 
reopened, and the Senate adjourned'* 
