1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
147 
ment, I do not propose to discuss it, unless it 
I want an appropriation made for that building, 
if appropriations are to be made for those build- i the desire of thc committee to have it explain 
I arn wii\incrto o•ive the committee ail Cbeinfo• 
ings. Unless that can bc done, [ hope this amend- 
tion I have on the subiect. 
ment will not be adopted. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will a. brief reply Mr. PHELPS. IM'i•. Chairman, 1 do 
to the gentlemÄn from Tennessee. The custom- for the purpose of debating the amendment now 
ill rcfercnce to Africans captured by 
house at St. Louis is already built. There are pending, 
sotne outstandinmdebts for furniture, and for other United" States cru!sers, but merely to calk the 
napooses, which this appropriation is designed to l: attention of members to thc necessity of 'naking 
It is tee-ommended by the Secretary of h smne provision different from that now adopted 
cover. 
the Interior, and ou«rht to be made, SQ that these for the safe-keeping and support of those captured 
A Cricans. Four vcsscls, filled with Africans taken 
dclJts nuty be paid. 
tho purpose of enslaving them, 
Mr. PHELPS. If the of the Com- from Africa for 
have been captured recently by the United States 
7ni[tce of Ways and N•lcans will yield to rne, I 
will -explain to the, gentl(.nnan from 'l'onnessee, cruisers. They are in addition to the captua:ed 
and to this committee, the necessity for making 
this appropria.,ion. T ho Government of the Uni- 
ted States appropriated money for the construc- 
t ion ota public building in the city of St. Louis. 
It was designed for 
'INhat building is now built. 
several public offices, for a custom-I-louse, a post 
oflice, for tl•u_) usc of the assistant treasurer, the 
surveyor general, and the clerks of the circuit 
and district courts. Of t 110 amount appropriated 
ftn• the erection of the building there is still a small 
balance unexpended remaining in the Treasury. 
In order that the building naay be placed in a 
condilioh for occupancy by the several Govern- 
ment ofliccs, and that. the rent now paid may be 
saved—in order to provide furniture for the courts, 
the offices 06 the assistant treasurer and the sur- 
veyor general, for the cust01ü-house, and for the 
post oflice, including boxes, &c., it is necessary 
that we should make this appropriation. 
recon) mended by the encyineer in charge of the 
construction of the public buildings of the United 
In other words, it amounts to this: we 
have a public building in St. Louis which cannot 
be occupied unless it be furnished in a manner to 
If we want 
accommodate the public business. 
the public business transacted thcrc, then this ap- 
propriation is necessary; otherwise it is not. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 understand that the 
orio•inal appropriation has not bccn exhausted. 
Mr. PHELPS. There remains unexpended 
only about one thousand dollars of the orioinai 
appropriation. In addition to that sum the ()flicct• 
ill charge of tho Bureau of Construction recon)- 
mends (he appropriation of the $15,000 pi•ovided 
for in this amendment, so that the building may 
be put in a condition for occupancy for the pur- 
poses for 'Ill) ich it wras designed. 
Africans who were landed at Key West. Pro- 
vision has already becn made by Congress for ghe 
transportation of those Africans back to Africa 
1 think that that 
and for taking care of them. 
provision was madc during the last session of 
f Congress. For the Africans who have been cap- 
tured recently no provision has becn made. They. 
have bccn landed, under existing laws, in Liberia. 
Expenses have necessarily been incurred, and the 
Secretary of the Interior recommends this appro- 
I priation of $900,000 for use during the present 
fiscal year. 
Mr. Chairman, I am unwilling to vote. for this 
It is time that Congress should 
appropriation . 
make other provision than the one by which we 
appropriate one sixtieth of the revenues of this 
. country—indeed rnore than one sixtieth of the 
revenues the United States for the purposc of 
returning to Africa and taking care of the Africans 
captured on their way to slavery in the Spanish 
A portion of these captured Africans now 
supported in Liberia at the expense of the Govern- 
ment of the United States, were in this country. 
At that timc I was in favor, and I am now in favor, 
of this policy. 
am in favor of providing that 
every African who shall bc captured on boar-d of a 
slave ship shall be landed in the United Stales, and 
apprenticed to those who will take charge of them 
until they shall carn suflicicnt amount to defray 
In the 
the expenses of their return to Africa. 
meantirne, those who have a hicrh regard the 
negro; those who have a desire to extend Chris- 
tianit.y and civilization into Africa, will havc an 
opportunity of doing that very thing, by taking 
hold of the Africans thus latided upon our shores, 
and educating them in Ibe Christian religion and 
the arts or civilization previous to their l'•eturn to 
Is the building entirely l! Africa. 
IC these expenses on as they have 
MAYNARD. 
thirtieth part of 
begun, you will soon find one 
pietcd ? 
the revenues of the country annually cxpcnded 
Mr. PHELPS. It is. There are, however, 
for this purpose of taking care of these captured 
SOInc debts on the construction of the 
I believe that scnnc bills have also been 
buildin«r. 
incurred for the necessary furniture supplied by 
the United States marshal for t.l'ie United States 
court. These debts ought to bc paid, arid it is 
intended that they shall be paid out of this ap- 
propriation. 
question was takerr, and the amendment 
was acrreed to. 
SHERMAN. 1 am dirccted by the 
mitte.e of Ways and Means to submit the foll w- 
ill : 
ill?' anu:ndtnent, to cotuc in at the end of th 
To supply deficiencies in the•fund heretofore a propri- 
atcd enable. the President. of' tho United St 
, and 
into effect lhe act. of Congress of 3d of March, 
any subsequent act* now ill force tbr thesu )rc-• ion of thc 
slave trade, $900,000. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I avail myself o a formal 
opposition to this amendment to make an inquiry 
or the chan•man of the Connmittee of Ways and 
Means in respect to the necessity of appropriat- 
ino• to supply the deficiency in the ap- 
propriauon fbl' the printing of the second session 
I should like to 
of the Thirty -Sixth Congrc.ss. 
know how that deficiency arises. 
N'lr. SHEREMAN. The deficiency in the 
ing fund arises out of the order of this House 
to print additional copies•of the mechanicaf and 
agricultural parts of the Patent Ofiice report, and 
the order to print large numbers of the Covode 
Mr. MAYNARD. Would not that be a defi- 
cict-l('Y' in LilC printing fund for the first, and not 
for the second session of the Thirty-Sixtl•u Con- 
Mr. SHERMAN. is the estimate of the 
Superintendent of Public Printing that this amount 
is necessary. 
Now, sir, in _ reference to the pending amend- 
this right? Where, sir, do we find 
Africans. 
If we are willing to bur- 
authority for döino• it. ? 
den thc people and the national Treasury by this 
for the maintenance of these 
I additional charge 
barbarians are thrust into the little colony 
of educated Africans upon the western coast of 
i Africa, is it not t-n•oper to consider that, under this 
I policy, the tnunljer.s of barbarians inay be so great 
I in the course of a few years as to revolutionize, 
overcome, and exterminate the civilized Afi•icans 
of Libcria who Ijav.e been seltled thcrc by the 
benevolence and the charity of the American peo- 
These are points for the consideration of the 
'l'hcy are some of t11C reasons why 
committee. 
I am not in favor ot- appropriating this stun of 
money for the purpose specified. I have, as I said 
when r rose, no purpose at this time of debatino• 
I this question. My •duties require my prcsencc 
I have expressed my own views on 
elsewhere. 
the subject, and it is now fot• the House to take 
whatever action may be deemed best. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Chair- 
is not whether our laws against the slave 
trade are or are not right; but it is whether this 
Housc will appropriate money to carry them into 
execution. On that point I am happy to say that 
every E.xecutive Department of the Government 
conc.ars. The President, in his annual message, 
not only recommends this appropriation, but I 
hold in my hand special lotters frorn the Depart- 
ment of the Interior urging this appropriation; 
I and the Committee of Ways and MeanS, with a 
single exception, have agreed to recommend the 
For the purpose of placing the 
appropriation . 
House possession of tl'lis inforN)ation, I will 
i send those. comtnunications to the Clerk 's desk, 
that they be read, as they contain more defi- 
nite knowlédge, and will be more-eolisfactory_ fo 
the House than anything •I- can say. 
'I'he letters were read,. fiS follows: 
DEPARTMENT OF, INTERIOR,: 
Décember-.15, 1860. 
SIR : have the houor to inclose your. in- 
fonnation, Q copy of my comtnunication pf this datejto 
I the Speaker of the 'lou:ée of' Representatives, recoannend- 
ing appropriations to enable this Department to execute Ibe 
laws j:roliibitiug the African slave trade. 
take this occasion to invite your attention to the recom- 
mendation-contained on pages 15 and- 16.0? my 
report, (a copy of which is inclosed.) and to suggest that, 
if the saxne meet your approval, the appropriations bc madc 
in ' the terms iOllowing, viz : 
'l'o supply a dcficiency in the. appropriation mode_ t•qr 
-the, present fiscal year to .euablc the President qt• t.he Uni- 
ted States to carry into effect the act of 3d March, 1819, and 
any subsequent acts now in force the suppression of the 
slave trade, $900,000. 
And the President is liereby authorized to allow -such 
compensation to United States inarshal*, district attorneys, 
and others. employed in entörcing such laws, as niay to him 
scetn proper, tor any services 'lie-y may render, for-which 
no allowance can pow be !nadc under existing laws. 
To enable •ibe Pre$ident of the United States to carry 
into effect the act of 3(1' March, 1819, and any subsequent 
acts now in force _fOr the supprcssion of the slave trade, 
during t.hc fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1862, 
And the President is hereby authorized to allow such 
compensation to United States marshals, district attorneys, 
and other persons employed in enforcing said laws, as may 
to him seenl proper, (Or any serviecs they may render, tor 
which no allowance can now be made under existing laws. 
J. THOMPSO'N, Secretary. 
servant, 
I•lon. J01KN SHERMAN, Chairman of the Committee of Ways 
and Means, House qi' Representatives. 
DEPARTMENT OF örHE INTERIOR, 
15, 1860. 
SIR : '.['he. greater portion of the bounty due to the om- 
cers and of the vessels which captured the slavers 
Wildfire, Williams, and bark natuc unknown, on the coast 
of Cuba, in my last, is unpaid, and the appropriation 
heretofore made for service of that character is nearly ex- 
haustcd. An additional appropriation is, chere.fore, now 
required. 
Under direction of the President, on 22d OCtober 
last I entered iuto contract witli the American Coloniza- 
tion Society, iOr the support:and maintenance one year 
of the Africans recaptured fron•r the slavers Storm King 
and Erie, and delivered to the United States agent at Mon- 
rovia in Septclnbcr last. An appropriation will" be required 
to meet the liabilities thus incurred, and to pay the bounty 
due to thc captors. 
A fcw days since, this Departtncnt was officially advised 
that, on the 14th October East, the IJhited States frigate 
Constellation captured t.be slave ship Coru, having on board 
six hundrcd and ninety-föur Africans, all of wno:n were 
delivered to t.hc United Statcs agent at Monrovia. An op- 
propriation will be required tor their support and nnalntc- 
nauce. tor one year, and also to pay the bounty duc to those 
I by wh01n they were rescued. 
Offieiaf ill"ounation hag this day been received the ef- 
fect that, on the 10th October last, the United States frigate 
San Jacinto captured the slaver Bonita, with seven hun- 
dred and thirty-four negroes on board, all of whom have 
likewise been delivered to thc United States agent at Mon- 
rovia. An appropriation will also be necessary for their 
support and maintenance, and to pay the bounty due on 
their account. 
'I'l)e ag(rreøate anmount that will be needed for these sev- 
eral objects to the 30th June next, and to meet other ex- 
penscs incident to the service growintr out of the prosec u- 
already appropriated, is, as nearly as can be estirnateå, 
$450,000. 
It is fair to presume, judging from the past, that other 
slavers will yet bc captured during tbé present fiscal year, 
and to provide for the contingency, respectfully ask' tbat 
an additional amount be appropriated of $450,000; 'naking 
a total for this year-of $900,000. 
For the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1862, an appropri- 
ation should also be ruade of like amount, and the sanxe is 
respectfully reconnnended. 
am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant, 
J. THOMPSON, Secretary. 
Ilon. WILLIAM PENNENGTON, 
Speaker OJ the House of Representatives United States. 
DEPARTMENT OF 'THE INTERIOR, 
December 19, 1860. 
SIR : I have the honor to transmit, for your consideration 
in connection with the cntnmunication addressed you by 
this Department on the 15th instant, a copy of a letter of 
the, satne date, but since received.' from Rev. W Gliam Mc- 
Lain, urging, in behalf of Liberia and the American Colo- 
nization Society, tl.le necessity proinpt provi*ion being 
made the eare ot'the recaptured Africans recently landed 
at Monrovia, and protesting auainst the landing of any Inorc, 
unless ample provision is niade in advance iOr their support. 
In view of the state of things prcsentcd by Mr. McLain, 
I beg leave respectt'uliy to suggest early action upon so 
much of thc cotntnunication of the 15th instant as relates 
to an appropriation to supply the deficiency in the fund föt 
thi$ branch of the service for the present fiscal year. 
Very respectfully, your obedient servant, 
MO%ES KELLY, 
Acting Secretary. 
Hon. JOHN SRERMAN, Chairman Q/ Commiteeé of 'Way•ajtd 
Means, ÆIouse of Representatives. 
COLONIZATION ROOMS. 
-Dccemher 15, ) 860. 
MY DEAR SIR : You have doubtless reueived information 
that anotner slaver has been caughl, the Bonita and that 
