150 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 19, 
enterprise, to go down together. That is the only 
effectual -remedy which I can suggest for putting 
a Stop to this African slave trade. And I think 
that by that means we could accomplish another 
purpose; we could rid ourselves of.a class of per- 
sons who, while they are engaged in .this trafic 
abroad, are-at home absolutely engaged in engen- 
dering strife and contention among our people 
North and South. I want the House and the 
country distinctly to understand that the State of 
Alab4ma„ whethei• she secedes or not, is opposed 
tp.pheereopening of the" slave trade.. I certainly 
shall do my utmost to prevent it; but, I say, sink 
the Vessels all on board who are engaged in 
carrying on: the traffc, and I am satisfied that no 
southern man -w,ill go down either. 
I call upon my northern friends to put a stop 
to the practice of building ships in their own ports, 
and fitting them out with their own money to steal 
negroes on tile coast- of Africa. 
Mr. GROW. That is what we are trying to 
do. 
Mr. COBB. But the means you arc using are 
ineffectual. While you are _passing these enorm- 
Otis appropriations, your own people are fittinff 
out ships, and continued and repeated dcprcda- 
tions are being committed by these thieves. Now, 
Mr. Chairman, is it adrnissil)le to move as an 
amendment to this bill, that the ships shall. be 
sunk with: all. on board, after taking the negroes 
Thé CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin- 
ion that, as an amendment to a deficiency bill, 
such an amendment would hardly be in order. 
It might, per-haps, i? it were a bill for raising a 
sinking fund, [Laughter.] 
Mr-. COBB. I had some doubt about the ad- 
missibilit.y of it myself, and that was the reason 
why I was desirous of getting the opinion of the, 
Chair; but I say that if sac.h -provisuon could be 
passed by this .House, it would furnish, 
rny 
opinion, the only means by which the slave trade 
could be stopped. I do not want to aid the build- 
ing of ships at the North fin• the purpose Df pros- 
ecuting the slave trade; nor do want to aid in 
capturing those fellows who engage in that slave 
trade, unless they are to be punished. 
I wanl to 
get clear of them and of the trade altogether. 
Mr. REAGAN. 1 desire to offer an 
ment to the am_endment of the chairman of the 
Committce of w-ays Means. 
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment 
isin order at this time. 
Mr. REAGAN. While am up, as gen- 
eral subject is open to debate, I will state the 
object I have in view in offering the amendment 
which I propose to offer whenever I have the op- 
portunity. Whenever the opportunity presents 
Itself, I shall propose to amend the clause making 
this appropriation, by providing that DO part of' 
the same shall be expended for the support of 
Africans captured on vessels not bound -for the 
United States. 
I am induced to do this for the reason that I 
am informed from a source on which I rcly—and 
if any gentleman doubts the correctness of it, he 
can apply to the Navy Department and satisfy 
himself in reference to it—that but one of the 
vessels=which have been captured with new roes 
on board was bound for tl)C coast of the U bitcd 
States.- That the Echo. The it 
is true, was. found in the United States, and was 
suspected of being a. slaver, but it was not kriown 
certainly that such was her character. 'l'he Echo 
is the only one captured which was bound for 
•our coast: All the others were bound for Cuba. 
The trade is onc which is carried on between 
Africa and Cuba, and not carried on by the peo- II 
ple of that portion of this country which has been 
so frequently maligned as encraged in the African 
leave them entirely destitute upon their arrival in 
that they exist, there can be no doubt. Any one, 
who wili take the pains to apply at the proper Africa. No, sir; I am disposed to go as fur as 
this Government ought to go, under the proper 
source of information , will find t.bat the statements 
that I have made arc true: I hold, then, that while construction of the law. I am willing, while we 
the only slave trade which is being carried on to i are discharging our duty to ourselves, that we 
any considerable extent is between the coast of should at the same time discharge our dutv to 
Africa and the island of Cuba—a dependency of these Africans. And under this state of the case 
Spain—it is not proper that we should be taxing with a conflict between the Executive and this 
the Government of the United States, to the ex- House, $900,000 seems to me to bea remarkably 
tent which this bill provides, to take care of and large sum, especially in view of the fact tb 
we 
christianize the Africans which are taken by Yan- have the whole naval force of France, of Eng- 
kees, in Yankee ships, for Yankee speculations. land, and of this country stationed upon the coast 
It seems to me that this isa question deserving of Africa, and elsewhere, in order to prevent the 
of some consideration at the hands of this I-louse prosecution of the African slaveftrade; especially, 
—at least that it should have. some influence in 
controlling the policy of the Government in de- 
termining the course it is to pursue. 
I shall pro- 
pose the amendment W'h ich I have su troested when- 
ever the proper opportunity shall present itself. 
I wish to say further upon the general subject, 
that heretofore I have voted for atl the appropri- 
ations which have been called for, since I have 
been a member of this House, to bc applied in 
taking care of these Africans and sending them 
I have done it, because I sup- 
back to Africa. 
posed it thc best moans of sccuring the suppres- 
Sion of the African slave trade, to which I have 
been, and am, opposed. But seeing the tendency 
which the course of policy pursued by the Gov- 
ernment has had in working injustice to the tax- 
payers of theu nation, I shall now change the pol- 
icy I have heretofore pursued. 
I do not propose 
to vote for this appropriation, nor for any other 
appropriation, to carry out the policy which the 
Government is now pursuing, unless the plan 
which I have suprrested, of making provision for 
the support of such nccyroes only as were being 
sent to the coast of thc United States, shall bc I 
acreed to. 
M r. CLEMENS. I was not present. when the I ' 
discussion upon this subject took place in 
House at the last session of Congress; I.)ut, inas- 
much as there secn•'ls to be a difference ot•opinion 
between the executive departn•ent of tho Govern- 
ment and Congress as to the proper construction 
to be placed upon the act of 1819, I have taken 
pains to refer to lhc language of that act. I do not 
hesitatc to affrrn that, whatevcr mav be its 
hereafter, 
whether to increase or diminish the 
slave trade, the act of 1819 confers no power upon 
the Execut.ive of this Governrnent to not-untain 
nem•oes captured in slavers on the coast of Africa. 
incurring an expense, estimated at 
the balance of the present fiscal year, in support- 
ing these neurroes upon that coast. EI'he question, 
then, before the House is, whether we shall ac- 
quiesce in the construction, warranted as I say, 
given by the Executive; or whet.l"ler we shall 
diminish the estimated appropriation to such an 
too, in view of the fact that that trade is stigma- 
tized upon the statute-books of the United States 
as piracy. Was it contemplat.ed, when this act was 
that a trade stigmatized as piracv should 
passcd , 
be encouraged by the executive arm of (he Gov- 
ernment, and that a direct bounty should be held 
out for i ts con tinuance by appropriations of money 
on the part of this House? 
With these views, with the facts I have stated, 
I mn compelled to vote for the amendment of the 
o-éntleman from Kentucky, [Mr. BURNETT,] or 
I ibr• such a reasonable sum as mav be suffcient, 
under the actual facts of the case, to discharge 
whate;.may be deemed on our part our duty toward 
these Rurifortunate barbarians. 
Mr.+JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Chairman, 1 
• do nol rise for the purpose of discussing any fine 
question of humanity or -philanthropy. i rise 
merely to present my views upon a plain point 
submitted the consideration of this committee; 
and t bat i* , whether expenses incurred under the 
faith of a public act of the United States should be 
defrayed? whether money should be in 
answer to the call and claim upon the credit of 
the United States? It is very immaterial, to B) y 
mind, whethm• the law of the last session is a 
proper legislative construction of the law of 1819; 
but •were it a proper theme for discussion here, it 
seems to mc that the question could very. readily 
be answered, and that the criticism which has 
been bestowed upon the law of 1819 in connec- 
(ion with the law of tho last session, is amenable 
to Lhis sufficient and ptain answer: that when the 
law of 1819 demands that a body of he.lpless hu- 
nun) beings should be received upon the coast of 
Africa, it also requires that they should be re- 
coived there for tho purposes of preservat.ion and 
['or tho exercise of the nat.ural promptings of hu- 
Yet the Executive has taken the responsibility manity; for conservation, and not for destruction; 
and that when appropriations are made to carry 
that law into execution those appropriations 
should be devoted to the maintenance, the support, 
the clothing, and the protection of these helpless 
creatures, and not for their destruction . 
Mr. CLEMENS. If which 1 
placo upon the law of 1819 is the correct one—and 
extent as only to cover the amount already due? the gontl€nnan from New York seems to admit 
'That is the issue presented by the amendinent of that it is—then will he be kind enough to teli me 
the gentleman from Kentucky. I think the time 
has comc when this Congress should put its legis- 
lativc veto against these excessive expenditures 
and usurpations of pox,ver on the part of one de- 
pa.rtmcnt of the Government, against a plain pro- 
vision ofcxisting law. 
What is of•1B19? it before rne, 
and beg leave to refer to its explicit provisions. 
I svill not bc governed in my action, as a 
of this House, by the distracted state of feeling in 
t.he country. So far us I concerned, in carry- 
ing out the trust with which I am invested as a 
member of this House, shall endeavor to dis- 
charge my duties under the oath I have taken, 
and to look above all ou iside influences. 
In what direction ought that action to be? The 
act of 1819 provides that the President of the 
United States shall appoint the proper person or 
slave trade. 
IL is as well that it should bc under- 
II persons residing upon the, coast of Africa to act 
stood that the ships which are built for this trade as the agent or agents for rccciving the l')egroes, 
are not built in the southern States, so much II Inulattoes, or persons of color, delivered frorn on 
abused and denounced as being engaged in the 
board the vessels seized in prosecution of the 
siavc trade; they ure not owned or n'ianned by i! slave trade by tho connnanders of the Ijnited 
people fi'0E1) the South, and I hey are not enlrag•ed Slates. He is to appoint the person or persons 
carry ill" on the s„ave trade between the coast to act as acrents to receive, these captured Afri- ik anpropriations arc tnade for thc execution of 
of and the southern States. They. are cans. Now, what has the Presidel)t done? He 
bu.iit the very men who raise this outcry has not on: y appointed a person to receive them, 
slavery, and they aye owned manned 
i)ut he has appointed a oersorl to maintain them 
l} for one year after [heir return to and arrival upon 
by these sarne people, for the purpose of import- 
incr slaves from the coast of Afi•ica into the island it their native soil. I am not disposed to turn these 
of Cuba. 
barbarians loose upon Liberia; I am not disposed, 
These facts, I say, ought to be understood ; for 
so far as they are concerned, to desert them and 
under what constitutional authority, what 
i authority, this Government has the right to stretch 
its into Africa, and keep up a system of edu- 
cation and maintenance and christianization of the 
barbarians to be found there? 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. that 
I can answer with as strict an adherence to the 
letter of thc Constitution as can my friend frozn 
Virginia, who is acknowledged to be a strict ex- 
positor of thatin.strument; but I may be permitted 
at this point to appeal to that higher law, recognized 
by my friend, I am sure—the law of humanity, the 
• law of preserving life; that law, sir, which we all 
recognize, the obligations of which we acknowl- 
edge in this House; the law that, when life is 
II 
within our power, our action should be taken for 
its preservation, and not for its destruction. But 
uny remarks were not directed to that point. They 
were directed to this sirnple construction: 
when a law of Congress directs an exe.cutive om- 
cer to take under his carc and protection human 
fife, the letter as well as the spirit of that lav.' is to 
the effect that that life should be conserved, 
not destroved—to the construction that 
a law, it confers upon the executive ofÖcer pov.:er 
W not to turn loose thcsc wild not to leave 
them between heaven and earth in expiation of 
some conceived offense—but to take care of tbcnn, 
to civilize them, to protect and xuainlain thejn, and 
to provide for the comfort of their future life. 'Ithat 
was the construction put upon the law of 1819 by 
