156 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
December 20, 
ble violation of the spirit of the Constitution, and fil¯cause the garrison is too weak. Who hears 
the purpose of its grants, as would not only jus- 
tify that State, in rcpelting such aggrcssion, to 
Éesort to ahy rernedy within its pciwer, but would' I 
claim f'oriis measures of resistance the coöperation I 
of truc supporters of the Constitution. 
In the formation of the Constitution it was not 
overlooked that a State might require to exercise 
the military power which had been delegated to 
the Federal Government. 
was in direct con- 
temptation that it might be resumed ; and therefore 
we find in the tenth section of the first article of 
thc Constitution, itythe second and third clauses, 
provision made for exactly such a case as would 
arise where the danger ofa State could not bc sat- 
isfactorily provided fov by the Genei•al Govern- 
ment. Senators here this mornincr spoke of this 
case- as if the garrison of Fort Moultrie was in 
hostile attitude to the cily• of Charleston; if so, it 
should be removed; the site was given, as the 
Army is maintained, for defense; who will or can 
reverse, the purpose? The States, when fortnincr 
a more perfect Union, agreed that lhey would not, 
' '-without-the. consent of Congress, 
t. I-OOPS 
or ships of war in time of peace." What did that 
*Dean? Did it •mean to divest the States entirely 
of military power? Did it moan to say that the 
States should never exercise any inilitary func- 
tions ? 
If so, why did this clause of the Consti- 
tution contain the words, " without the consent 
of Congress ?" 
Is not the conclusion irresistible 
that it was foreseen that it might be necessary and 
proper for a State to rcsumc this power, and for 
(30) sress to givc its consent to that change of 
rc'. non? 
If there is anything more rcmarkable than all 
others in this instrument, it is the exactness, t.he 
accuracy, and the appropriatellcss of ever ox-- 
pression which (he Constitution contains. r hey 
Incant to express sornething distinct in every sen- 
tenc,e which was incorporated into the solemn 
compact, by which sovereign functions were to 
be (Ichgated to the General Governnu»nt. of the 
'Ithe.sc Incn, fresh the slrug•ptos 
which they had ID ade as independent States, when 
they inserted a clause like this, certainly loolccd 
to its cxercise 
and if a case should arise, or has 
arisen, in which a State looks apon the Federat 
Government as its enemy, when the troops of thc 
United Slates are vicwed as hostile forces, and 
dread is felt lest the power of the United States 
be used to subvert the liberties of the State, 
the time has come when Cong&ss should with- 
draw its forces, and consent that the State should 
keep (roops and ships of war in time of peace, and 
i? need I.)C, er)ten• into an agreemcnt or compact 
with other States, all of they may, with t hc 
consent of Con'n•ess, do under the Constitution; 
" if actually invadcd, or in such inmminent 
danger as will not admit of delay," a State pnay, 
without the consent of Con encrao•e in war; 
this beino• a reserved right, and the Stat.c the so!c 
fkcts which justify its exercise 
T herc IS a passa«re in the second clause of this 
tenth section which sect-ns to look to another con- 
dition of things. 
'fhe States having d 
the power to Inaintain an and navy, and 
divested themselves of the right to maintain ships I 
of war and troops in tin)e of peace, also provided I 
that State shall, without the consent. (if Con- 
gross, lay any imposts or duties on imports 
exports, except what may be absolutely neces- 
sary for executing its inspection laws. " 
taix'en ill connection with tho other prohibition, 
suggests a condition things in which Congress 
might 'rive its assent. to a Stlatc to lay duties upon 
itnpot•ts and exports, in ordcz• that it rnight provide 
ti'\c •revenue to maintain the exercise of that power 
contained iVi tho third clause; which is, with tho 
consent of Congress, to keep troops and ships-of- 
war in times of peace. It seems to be a provision 
exactly adapted, if not intended, to give security 
to a State when distrustful of the General Gov- 
crnment, and to providc the means of defense 
within the Union, which, as a separate State out 
of' any dang(.n• of the seizure of forts where there 
is no •arri.son: 'llhere stand Forts Pulaski and 
Jackson, at thc mouth of the Savannah river. 
Who hears of any lest Georgia 
should seize them? There are Castle Pinckney 
and Fort Sumter, in Charleston harbor. Who 
hears of any danger of seizure there ? The whole 
danger, then, Mr. President, (and it stands palpa- 
blv on thcface of the transaction,) arises from the 
presence of the United States troops. Is the rem- 
ed y, then, to increase the garrison? It is imprac- 
ticable to do it, if that were the remedy; and if it 
were practicable, I hold it would only increase 
the danger. 
It would only bc multiplying the 
chances of collision. 
I think, altogether, it is rnuc.h bettor we should 
not makc tho inquiry; but leave the Army, without 
intervention, to be commanded by the Pres- 
ident, as provided ill the Constitution; and, when 
events have transpired, if then we choose to know 
what the Executive has done, not to -embarrass 
him in thc performance of his duty, but to sit in 
judgment on his conduct, it may be proper for us 
to call, as well for thc correspondence as the or- 
ders given in the case; I think not till then. 
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, 1 do not pro- 
poso to follow the Senator from Mississippi in 
his range of debate; but I wish to suggest to him 
whcther, if it is improper that the inquiry should 
be made, it would not be better now to take up 
this resolution from the. table and let it be rejected? 
That would dispose of it. 
If the Senators on the 
other side desire to escape irritating debate, that 
ends it, for then the resolution is disposed of; but, 
as it lies hcrc, it is liable to be called up at any 
tirne, by any person in the Senate who may wish 
to do so. We may havo this occurrence every 
mornincp until the resolution is disposed of. Let 
it come up, and let it be disposed of. If it is the 
sense of the Senate that it ought not to be passed, 
let it be rejected; I have no pride about it. 
for the public weal and the service. 
fcred it here for a good purpose 
I desire to have 
it. acted on; 
I desire the intormation that it may 
draw out, if it be not incompatible with the 
lic service to cotmuunicatc it. 
I leave to the 
President, who rnanturos this whole matter, to 
say what is con)pat.ible wit.h 
the public serviec 
and what is nog what be will choose to reveal, 
and what he will keep secret. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Me. President, Sena- 
tors upon the othct• side, in upon this 
bare resolution, 
asking for information, 
have 
thought proper to lay down a position which is 
the basis of', I believe, all that IS said upon that 
side. They assume that the object of this resola- 
t ion is to provide the moans to coerce a State, or, 
as the fronl Virgiliia says, fifteen States. 
One oi'the Senators speaks of declarincr war affai nst 
If there is all ybody in t11iS Senate, or in 
this country, who ever talked of the United States 
war noaillst one of' its States, or of co- 
ercine• one of its Slates, or over entertained such i 
a notion, I know not who it is. 
I havc never 
seen him. This phrase, " coerce a Stat.e,' 
phrase calculated to mislead the public mind. 
is like another term that has often been employed 
by gentlemen in• speaking of the territorial ques- 
the rights of the States in the 'I"erritories. 
'Why, sir, the States, as States, have no rights in 
under the authority of another State. I 
would subinit to tbe Senator, when he talks about 
punishino• individuals and execut.!kik t.he 
tbc force of the If ed eval G-overnrneut., 
it is met by thc public Jore„e of a Sta tc go vee•n- 
mont, is not, that war ? 
can he avc,ld tho 
conclusion that it is war? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 suppose that 1 
have the right to ask another questi0Yi of the Sen- 
ator. What does he by 
I Mr. MASON. I will tell thc Senator with ureat 
I understand, by rebellion, resistance to 
pleasur$ 
the laws by the citizens—a portion of them—laws 
emanating from a comrnon Goverhmcnt of those 
citizens, and the citizens being but an integral 
part of one Government—an empire, a k'qu.ib\ic, 
or anything else. The distinction, bold, is this 
—f shall detain the Smoator but a tnoment in put- 
ting it, and I ask his pcrmission to do it: 
State trovern :nents tu•e as sovereio•n at this day as 
they were Millen they formed the Constitution of 
the United States; and being so, the State govern- 
ments have the power of absoiving their citizens 
from their obliffat,ions to the Fed (i ral corn l)act 
which the State entered ; 
and when lhc State 
absolves its citizcns from their obligation to the 
Federal compact which the State entered into and 
formed, t.hoy become as corn foreign to this 
as Franco or nd. 
Mr. TRUMEULL. Mr. President, 1 
that the Stales are as sovereiffl) as when they 
formed this Government. The States are . sov- 
creiffll as to their reserved rights; but the rights 
they surrendered up to the Fedcral Gov6rrnnent 
do not now belong' to thc States. Certain rirrbts 
were surrendered when this Government, v,vas 
made, and this Constitution was formcd; but the 
State of Virginia, when sbc gave het• assent to 
this Constitution—or rather the people of the 
State of Virginia, when they gave their assent to 
this Constitution—agreed that it should be thc 
supremo law of the land, any law or any consti- 
tiltion of her State 
to the contrary 
m o twit h stan d i n 
b —I carc not w I'lether you call It 
an ord inanee or not. 
Is that superior to the con- 
stitution your State? You have surrendered 
up that power, and you have no ponrer to absolve 
yourselves from that allecrianc,o. 'While, t 
tore, pn onc talks of war against a otate, that I 
anl aware of, and no one rococrn :zes, I ti•ust, t ho 
rkht of any- e:ate to put herself into n position 
w here Nvar be declared against l) or, ! under- 
stand that Constitution of the United Sttues, 
and the laws in pursuance of it, are the supreme 
law of the land, and that all officers are sworn to 
see them faithfullv executed. 
Now, sir, I tun sorry to have been drawn a.side 
to have said this much upon a resoluti()!] of inere 
I am especially surprised at the remark 
of the 'Senator from Mississippi, who represents 
the imbecility of this Government to be such that 
it has no power to protect its public property; no 
nower over the arsenals, and over the public forts 
ceded to the Federal Government by the States, 
and over which, by the Constitution, it has ex- 
clusive jurisdiction. 
It has no power whatever 
there; but it is at the mercy 
Mr. DAVIS. I)oes the Senator refer to me? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do. 
Did 1 say so? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 understood the Senator 
the Territories—none whatever. The Territories 
from Mississippi to say that the Federal Govern- 
belong to the General Government, and no State 
ment had no power, or the President, perhaps, 
has any right whatever in a Territory, as a State. had no power to reinforce the garrisons at Charles- 
Nobody proposps to declare war arrainst a State. 
That would adn)it at once that the State '*vas out 
of the Union— 
a foreigrl Government. •Of course, 
we cannot declare war acrainst a State. Nobody 
proposes to coerce a State, or to convict a State 
of treason. You cani'10t arrai(rn a State for trial ; 
you cannot convict it or punish it.; 
but you can 
punish individuals. I trust the public 11)ind is not 
to bc misled or confused by this idea of cocrcincy 
; States. Men who violate the laws of the country 
are amenable to those. laws, and if found guilty 
of the Union, she would possess to repel by force of violating the provisions of law they must sufiin• 
the invasion of her rights and the disturbance of 
her tranquiliity. 
. to be 130 collision. 
I trust. that 
these troops arc to pert•ort-n [he ordinary, and, 
so- far as our own country is involved, the peace 
able function of holding that fort until transferred 
if tlhcre be danger, permit me 
tct other duty; bau 
here to say it is bccausc there are troops in it, not I 
the penalt.ies of' the lasv. 
Government has 
and to punish individuals who 
to 
violatc its law•s. 
Mr. 'Will the Senator allow me one 
instant? I-Ie 
re is no purpose to make 
war a State, but ID punish individuals. 
derstand war to bc the exercise of public force by 
the authority of one State against public force 
Mr. DAVIS. Ah ! but you made your remarks 
generally. I Inade a special remaik•, you l)ave 
Inade it creneral. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. 
in chair ) The Senator will suspend his 
. remarks. The hour havin'-r arrived for the con- 
sideration of the special order, it bccornes the duty 
of the Chair to announce that as the first business 
In 01'(Åer. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. suppose the principle 
would apply to others as well as to that, if u is a 
correct principle. 
ASSOCIATED PRESS. 
W Mr. SLIDELL. 
the Senator from 
—who is entitled to the floor 
01' er—proceeds, i desire to a of 
which I gave an intimation yesterday, n; relation 
to the reporters of the associated press 
