1860. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
169 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish to inquire of the 
Senator from I'viaryland whether bo designs to go 
on with the bill now, at this late hour? 
Mr. "KENNEDY. I design to go on with it at 
sorne time. I have postponed it since the last ses- 
sion, on an objection raised by gentlemen on the 
other side, that they were not ready. I am now 
disposed to go on with the bill. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 the in- 
qniry for the reason that the Senatcm:ght under- 
stand, if the bill is gone on Wilh now, they irxay 
stay some time to attend to it; for I have many 
amendments to propose to it, and it will, of course, 
occosion a great deal of discussion. 
I have no 
objection if gentlctnen wish to consider it now. 
Mr. HUNTER. We may as well begin with it. 
Mr. KENNEDY. We may not get through 
with it; but want to begin it somewhere. The. 
bill has been postponed from time to time since 
the last session of Congress on an objection raised 
by gentlemen on the other side, that they have 
not had time to look into it.. By a common un- 
derstanding, it was agreed this morning that we 
should take this bill and at least begin with it 
after the spceeh of the honorable Senator from 
If we are to be postponed from day to 
day, I see no prospect whatever of accomplishing 
the purpose that we have in view. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 no objection, if 
the gentleman wishes to begin his bill. 
I only 
tell him tliat he cannot get a vote on it unless the 
Senate stay some time. 
Mr. KENNEDY. not. Mr. Pres- 
idents in presenting this bill, I am aware of the 
great diflicullies in -the way of its accomplishment 
or its adoption by the Senate. It is a simple prop- 
osition on the part of a railroad company in the 
State of Maryland 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Maryland will pallse a moment. The confusion 
in the Chamber is so orcat that tho Senator on 
the floor nnot be heard , and tbc Chair witl arrest 
public business until order is restored. 
iMr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does Senator 
from Maryland yield to the Senator from Wis- 
consili 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 do, of course. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 rise to inquire, this 
bill is made the spgcial order for to-morrow, at 
-hal f'past twel ve D 'clock , w h ether the Se would 
not now consent to a motion to adjourn ? 
stood this bill to have been made the special order 
for to-morrow, at half-past twelve o'clock. 
Mr. KENNEDY. I fit with the ul)derstand- 
ing that it shall be taken up as the unfinished busi- 
ness for to-morrow at half past twelve, shall not 
Mr. HUNTER. that we had better 
go on with it until four o'clock. I suppose it can- 
not bc finished to-day. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If now 
adjourns, the bill will come up to-morrow morn- 
ing as the unfinished business, at one o'clock. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Previous 
I should like to have the bill explained and read. 
Mr. CAMERON. think the Senator from 
Maryland, who has charge of this bill, had better 
I shall oppose it, but 
leave it until the mornin'T. 
want I-lim to have a fairchnnce of passing it. He 
could do it better to-morrow. I am willing to 00 
on with it now if he desires to do so, but 1 think 
we had better postpone it. 
Mr. THOMSON. think. the Senator might 
have an opportunity of explaining it now before 
It is only half pascthrec o'clock. 
we adjourn. 
Mr. CAMERON. He cannot explain it now 
in the st.ate of the Senate. 
Mr. MASON. agree with Sen- 
ator from Maryland about this bill, and am pre- 
pared to sustain it; but I submit to him, that it is 
Impossible in the present condiG01'1 of the Senate 
to have a hearing; and even if he could, he •would 
have buta few minutes. We want an executive 
session, and shall ask for one. 
Mr. CA-VI N. I will suggest to the Senator 
from Maryland to iViake his bill the special order 
for half past twolve to-rnorrow, and then it will 
If he will do that he will get 
come v p of course. 
it up in the mornincr. 
The vlcE PRESIDENT. The Chair will 
state to the Senators from California and Mary- 
land, that if the Senate should adjourn now, this 
bili will have preference as the unfinished business 
to-morrow. 
Mr. G W i N. But if it is made the special order 
for half past twelve o'clock, it comes up then; 
otherwise it would not come up until one o'clock. 
The VICE PRESIDENT, Does the Senator 
from Maryland Inakc that motion? 
Mr. KENNEDY. Yes, sir. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The from 
Maryland moves that the further consideration of 
this bill be postponed to and made the special 
order of the day for to-morrow at hatf past twelve 
o 'clock. 
The motion was agreed to. 
EXECUTIVE SESSION. 
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate pro- 
ceeded to the consideration of executive business; 
and after some time spent therein, the doors were 
reopened, and the Senate adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
TI'IIURSDAY, December 20, 1860. 
The I-louse met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
Ithe Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
COAST SURVEY. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com- 
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury, 
trav)smitting the report of A. D. Bache, LL.D., 
Superintendent of thc United States Coast Sur- 
vey, stating tbc progress in that work during t.hc 
year ending November l, 1860, and showing, by 
an accompanying encyraved map, thc general pro- 
gress made in the survey frorn the manuscript 
map of progress, prepared at the Coast Survey 
Office, in accordancc with the act of Congress ap- 
proved March 3, 1853; which was laid upon the 
table, and ordered to be printed. 
UNION MEETING IN READING. 
Mr. McKENTY. 1 ask the 
sent of the House for leave to present publicly a 
memorial of certain citizens of Reading, Pennsyl- 
vania, together with certain proceedings which 
have taken place in that city. ask tbc same' 
privilege granted to other members—that they be 
spread upon our records, and referred to the select 
committee of thirty-three. 
There was no objection; and the memorial and 
accompanying papers were referred as indicated. 
ENROLLED BILL. 
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and 
found truly enrolled House bill No. 861, making 
nppropriations for the payment of invalid and 
other pensions of the United States, for the year 
I ending June 30, 1862; when the Speaker signed 
the same. 
FORTS IN CIIARLESTON UåRBOR. 
Mr. DELANO. 1 ask the unanimous consent 
of the House for leave to present the following 
resolution : 
Whereas, by thc report of tbc proceedings in the State 
convention of South Carolina, held ou the, 19th instant, 
Hon. PORCIIER MILES, a member of this House. 
In a conversation, 
used the following languane, narnely : 
and subsequently in a written comrnunication to the Pres- 
If' you send a soli- 
ident, [ know this to have bccn said : 
tary soldier to these parts, the instant thc intelligence reach- 
es our people—and we will take care that it docs reach us 
before it can reach the forts—the forts will be taken, be- 
cause sue*' a course is necessary to our safety and self-ur 
Therefore, 
preservation : 
Resolved, 'J'hat the President be requested to communi- 
cate to this House what iniörmation he hae received, either 
oral or in writing, to the effect that, if the forts Of the harbor 
of Charleston are further reinforced, these forts will be 
taken by any force or authority hostile to the authority and 
supremacy of the United States. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 object to the rcsolution. 
Mr. ASHMORE. 1 would know whence 
the gentleman from Massachusetts gets his inform - 
ation upon which to base his resolution. [Cries 
of Do not object to the resolution!" ] 
Mr. CURTIS. gentlemen to order; and 
, call for the regular order of business. 
Mr. DELANO. I have not introduced the res- 
olution just read without havincr carefully looked 
at the proceedirlgs which yesterday took place in 
the convention now- in session at Charleston. 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, 0b. 
jection being made. The regular order of busi- 
ness is the call of committees for reports. 
Mr. LEE, from. the Committee on: the Post 
Office and Post Roads, reported a bil) for tlie relief 
of D. D. Harriil, with the recommendation that it 
do pass; Which was read first and second. dime 
by Its title, referred to a Committee ofthc TW höle 
House, dnd, with thc» accompanying„ report, 
ordered to be printed. 
JOIIN C.- WATROUS. 
Mr. JOHNH. REYNOLDS. 1 m instructed 
by the Committee on the Judiciary to submit a 
report in relation to charges made against John 
C. Watrous, United States district' judge of the 
eastern district of Texas. 
I move tl'lflt the report 
be ordered to be printed, and that its considera- 
tion be fixed as a special 'order •for the fourth 
Tuesday of January next, 
Mr. MAYNARD. -I object to the report being 
made a special order, for the reasons which I gave 
a few days ago, and :which it is not -now neces- 
sary that I. should repeät. 
Mr. REAGAN. This is a case which, if it be 
the intention to determine this Session, ought to 
be taken up at as early a day as may suit?tllie 
Committee on the Judiciary; and I trust that the 
convenience of that committee may be consulted 
by the House. 
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no objection to 
the postponement of the further consideration of 
If it be postponed to a day certain, 
this report. 
it may again be postponed when that day is 
reachcd, if the House not then ready to pro- 
ceed with its consideration. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. 1 the 
suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio, and move 
that the further consideration of this report be 
postponed until Thursday next. The testimony 
has already been ordered to be printed; and my 
motion now is, that the report be ordered to be 
printed, and Ihat its consideration be set down for 
Thursday next. 
The motion was agreed to. 
COURT OF CLAIMS. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. 1 am in- 
st.ructed by the Committee on the Judiciary to 
report Lack House bill No. 719, to repeal an act 
cnlitlcd " An act to establish court for the inves- 
titration of cluir•ns against the United States," 
approved February 24, 1855, und the several acts 
mnendatory thereof and relative thereto, and to 
provide for the determination of claims against 
the United States in the district and circuit courts 
of the United States, with the recommendation 
It is in lieu ofa bill (H. R No. 
that it do pass. 
98) to amcnd " An act to establish a court for the 
investigation of claims against the United States," 
approved February 24, 1855; and a bill (H. R. 
No. 25) to amend " An act to establish u court 
States, so as io permit crcditors of the *Govern- 
ment to sue in tbc district courts of the United 
States;" and Senate bill No. 53, to, ameiid Ap 
act to establiSh •n court for tbc investigation Of 
claims against the United States," appt•ovcd Fcb- 
ruary 24, 1855. I move that the l'ürther consid- 
eration of the bill be postporied until Friday next. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I hope the 
gentleman will fix on another (lay than one of 
those set apart for the consideration of private 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. very well, then. 
I move t,hat it be set down for Thursday next. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Of course it is understood 
that its consideration is postponed until after the 
morning hour on Thursday next. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. Certainly. 
The question was taken; and the motion was 
agreed to. 
UNITED STATES COURTS IN NEW YORK. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS, from the Com- 
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back House bill 
No. 870, to establish an additional judicial dis- 
trict in the State of New York, and in relation to 
the courts of the United States in said State, with 
the recornmendation that it do pass; Which was 
recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciary, 
and ordered to be printed. 
RIGHT OF APPEAL. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS, from the same 
committee, reported back House bill No. 554, to 
