160 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Decelnber 20, 
extend the right, of appeal from decisions of cir- 
cuit courts to the Supreme Court of the United 
States, with the recommendation that it do pass; 
which was ordered to be printed, and its further 
consideration postponed until Thursday next. 
A. LINN. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 am directed by the Com- 
mittee on the Judiciary to report back Senat.e bill 
No. 518, for the • relief of William A. Linn's es- 
tute, with the mendalion that it do pass. 
The Cierk read the bill in ectenso. 
Mr. SHERMAN. That bill appro- 
priation, and, under the rules of the House, must 
have if-s first consideration in a Committee of the 
House. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 trust that my colleague 
will not make that objection to this bill. 'l'hc 
amount of this claim is fixed and ought to be 
paid at once. These parties have been long kept 
waiting. 
Mr. SHERMAN. All bills which make ap- 
propriation of' money out of the Treasury ought 
to be referred to the Committee of the Whole. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 think that this is one of 
the bills to which that rule not to apply. 
It was passed at the last day of the last session, 
and scnt to the President, 'Who refl,tscd to sign it 
for the reason that it was sent to him at so late 
It has been fully considered by the 
an hour. 
House, there cannot, I think, be any doubt 
of its cquily and justice. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will not make obiection 
to this bill; but I now 'Vive notice that I will here 
after object to all beinø passed which make 
without their 
appropriations of monc 
first considcrati0Y1 in tho Committee of the. Whole 
on the state of the Union or a Comrnittee of' the 
Whole I-louse. 
Mr. BRANCH. 
I renew the objection. 
Mr. I)i-IELPS. I hope that In y friend will 
withdraw his o l.) jcction . 
Mr. BRANCH. 
I do not sec why this bili 
should hit ve the preference over other private bids. 
re are tnany cases pend ing the 
passed 0 , 
great. litany which have passed both 1.110ases, but 
at different tinies. have 
heard nothing which 
indicates that this biki possesses any inope inerit 
I think the notice given 
than those other bills. 
by the gentleman from Ohio is a proper one, an(l 
that all these bills ynaking appropriations of 
money out of the 'I'veasury oug•bl to go to a Corn- 
of the 
Mr. BURN L'T'I'. think, as a propo- 
sition, 
that the objection of the gentle unan fronl 
North Carolina is proper one, and ought gen- 
crally to prevail; but I believe in this case, there 
are reasons whiel) ought to remove it from that 
objection. 'This bill was acted upon at the last 
I have its prowsqons, and am 
satisfied that it ought. to pass. It has ue•ain passed 
the Senate, 
a lid it d seetn to nn.: 
Illitt we ought 
not now to further delay t.hc 
a just 
claien a (rainst the Go vern rncnt, when it 
las been acted upon, and favorably, by the stuue 
Congress. 
M}. BRANCH. 
I arn inforined that this bitl 
has already passed Congress, and failed only for 
want of timc for the President to examine it, und 
I therefore withdraw rny objection. 
'I'he bill was ordered to 'be read a third time; 
and it was uccordingly read the third tirne, and 
passed. 
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved 
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the 
table. 
T hc latter motion was agreed to. 
JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN PENNSYLVANIA. 
Mr. AM, from the Committee on tl)Q 
Judiciary, reported back House bill No. 505, 
Innkiny an appt•o )riation for a col.u•t-room ar,d 
marshaPs and cleric 's offices for the us•c of the cir- 
cuit and district courts of the United States in the 
western district of Pennsylvania, and asked that 
it put upon its passage. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 object; and insist that the 
bill, an appropriation, must have its first 
the Committee of the Whole on 
'I' IM? *SPICA -K ER. The bill must take that 
course. 
The bill was referred to the Committee of the 
Wholeon the state of the Union, and ordered to Mr. WASHEURNE. of Illinois. 
If the gen- 
be printed. 
CAIRO. 
II tlcman will give me notice when he intends to call 
up the I arn willing that it shall stand in 
that way. 
. . Mr. LOGAN. Certainly 1 will. 
Mr. BINGHAM, from the commttee, 
reported back House bill •No. 488, authorvnng 
the holding of the circuitand disttict courts of the 
United States for the southern district of Illinois 
in the city of Cairo, vy'ith the recommendation 
that it do pass. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f Illinois. 1 should like 
to hear the reasons for the passage of the bill. 
never before heard of the necessity for the estab 
lishment of such a court at Cairo. The bill does 
not satisfy me. 
Mr. BINGHAM. This bill was acted on by 
the Committec on the Judiciary itt the last ses- 
sion. My recollection is, the facts presented to 
us went to the extent that it was necessary to the 
spcedy administration of justice thatacourt should 
be established at Cairo. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That city is 
only twelvc or thirteen hours' ride from Spring- 
field. This substan tially creates a third judicial 
district in Illinois. 
Mr. LOGAN. With reference to tho establish- 
Inent of this court in my district, I can say that 
there is a necessity for thc establishment ofa term 
It is some 
of the court in that part of the State. 
two hundred miles from the city of Cairo to the 
city of Springfield; and a great portion of the 
business which is transacted the courtat Sprincr 
field arises in that particular locality. Jurors have 
to go from that part of the Stale that distance; 
and the officers of that court have heretofore re- 
SALARIES OF JUDGES. 
I Mr. BINGHAM. lum instructed Corn. 
• I mittec on the Judiciarv to report back, with an 
amendment, a bill (H. "R. No. 335) to fix the sal- 
aries of the judges of the district coprt within and 
for the districts of the State of Ohio, with a rec- 
ask that it be put 
- ommendation that it do pass. 
contains no appropri- 
upon its passao•e now. 
E ation. 
The first seclion of the bill, which was read, 
provides that the salaries of the judgrcs of the 
district courts within and for the districts of the 
State of Ohio shall be fixed at the rate of $3,500 
; per annum from and after the passage of the act. 
'The second section makes provision for the 
holding of terms of the district court at certain 
points in the State. 
The arnenchnent recormnended by the Commit- 
tee on the Judiciary was to strike out the second 
section, and to insert in lieu thereof a secti01'i pro- 
viding that the judges of the district courts be 
authorized and required to hold special terms of 
their respective courts, at least once each year, at 
Toledo, in the northern district of Ohio, and at 
Columbus, in the southern district, in addition to 
b - the regular terms which now are, or may hereaf- 
ter be, required by and that the time of hold- 
ine• such special terms at Toledo and Columbus 
I! shall be fixed by the judges respectively of said 
sided in that of the State; and a great deal of districts, who shall give notice of' the time of hold- 
the business which goes from the city of Cairo to 
ing the same at least two months preceding the 
the city of Springfield grows out of the commerce II commencement of such special terms, by publica- 
of' that place, and the difficulties which arise out 
tion in at Icast two newspapers published, and of 
, and for that reason I have thought there 
general circulation, in such districfs. 
was a necessity för the holding of a court there. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 call the previous question 
And, in fact, conversation with many of the 
I upon the amendment. 
leading men and lawyers of the State who have a 
Mr. BRANCH. Does the gentleman Dropose 
knowlcd're of the business w bich is transacted at 
to pub the bill upon its passaue at this tin-te ? 
Springfield , they gave it as their that there 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 do; and the pre- 
was a necessity for the establishunent of a court 
V lous question. 
in that part of the State. 
II Mr. BRANCH. Was it reported by the com- 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
mit.tee u nan I on sly ? 
now ma«e a motion 
the reförenc.e of this bill 
Mr. BIINGHANI. It was; and it provides for 
to the Committee of the -q.Thole on the state of the 
giving the judges of Ohio the same salary as IS 
Union. but I propose that its considoration shali 
allowed to the Federal judges in many other 
be postponed until a day certain, so that I can 
States, whosc: duties do not exceed the duties of 
'lthen, if i con vinccd that there 
examine it. 
these Ohio judges. 
is a real necessity for the establishment ofa term 
Mr. SIMMS. Is it in order now to offer an 
of" the court there, I shall 
not oppose it. MI ith 
ame nd nw n t ? 
my present informati0i1 1 shall be compelled to 
The, SPEAKER. The previous question has 
oppose the bill. 
If the gentleman will let it go 
been demanded. 
over i will be satisfied. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 hope the cull for the 
Mr. LOGAN. I am willing to leave the bill 
vious question will not be sustained. 
with the tl-xat- reported it. 
Mr. SIMMS. 1 ask the gentleman from Ohio 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It no 
to withdraw the previous question, for I want to 
difference with lne whether you take that course 
nu-•jve an arnendnlent to the bill—not to injure the 
or let the bill go over to a day certain, as 1 suc- 
far otherq,'isc. At the last session of 
Congress, a bill passed this House requiring the 
SPEAKER. 
If there be no oujection, the 
district judge of the State of Ken tuck y to hold 
bill will be recomrnitted to thc Conunittee on the 
some three additional terms of the court, 
Judicia.ry 
without increasing his salary. The labor devolved 
Mr. LOGAN. I will then sulnnit a Inotion to 
•upon him by virtue of these additionak terms is 
reconnnit the bill, and Ict it stand upon that rno- 
Inore than double what it was previously. I pro- 
pose to inove to amend tl-æ bill, if the gentleman 
tion. 
'Ilhat. n')0tion would have to 
The, KER. 
will withdraw the demand for the previous ques- 
bc disposed of. 
Lion, so as to increase the salary of that judge 
MI'. LOGAN. Not at the present time, I sup- from to *3,500. 
Mr. NGHAM. 
I cannot do that; but if the 
SPFAKFR. The no ad 
- genlle.noan will refer such a bill to the Conunittee 
vant.acre in the pending. 
on the. Judiciary, the committee wili o•ladly con- 
Mr.' 'Then will move that the bill 
be rcconunittcd. 
On the demand for the previous question, 
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, 
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed 
the bill will be reconunitted. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, and Mr. STANTON. 
Mr. LOGAN. Now, I rnove to reconsider the The }.-louse divided; arid the tellers reported— 
vote by which the bill was rccomnnitked. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of 
I hope the 
gentleman will not enter 
anv such rnotion, be- 
cause it is a privileged motion, 
which can be 
brotvzht up at any tilne, and I may be taken by 
surprise. Let it be recommitted to the Commit- 
tce on the Judiciary, and when they are 
they can re•nort it back ; 
called on to report, 
or 
it over to a 
, that I may 
when it, Wii). u r, . 
Mr. LOGAN. 
II have no disposition to 
call up the to reconsider until tliC gentle- 
man has had an opportunity to examine the bill. 
ayes thirty-three not a sufficient, number. 
So the previous question was not seconded. 
XMr. STANTON. opposed to this bill 
officers of the Federal Government within the 
States higher salaries than are paid to State ('fli- 
I have no idea of 
cers of the same grade. 
such so to Federal as w i' i all {he 
a na abi\itv of the Lar 
ments to takc such officers as t.nev (tan 
Theso are of the (hstrict coacts 
United States; and, in point of dignity and gcade, 
