162 
square with the sålm•ieS of the Statejudges. Now, 
if that done,- Mr. Speaker; you wbuld have 
to reform all your salaries of the district judges 
throughout the United States. You can have no 
In 
fixed and uniform rule as to salaries at all. 
somc of the States the salaries of the district 
judges are as large, and in Son-10 perhaps loss, 
than the amotin-t proposed by this bill. The truc 
rule of legislation in such matters, is: is the sal- 
ary an adequate compensat.ion for tho quantity 
and kind of business and for the dignity of the 
ofhce? Any other st.andard is unworthy of seri- 
ous legislation. -'Tliis bill only proposes to raise 
tho salaries of thc district: judges of Ohio up to 
the Salary of Lire norLhern distriyl judge for the 
in the district 
State of a year. 
of -Wisconsin, where thero is not so much busi- 
ness done as is done in either the northern or 
southern district of Ohio, the judges receive a 
In the District of Co- 
salary of $3,000 a year. 
lumbia, where, I venturc to say, the judges do 
not sit as many days in the year as either of the 
district judges of öhio, they receive $3,500 per 
annum. You cannot take the salaries of judges 
fixed by State Legislatures, under alk sorts of par- 
tisan (lemaoo«istn, the purpose of breaking 
down a good judiciary, as the basis of a calcula- 
tion for thc salaries of these United States judges. 
The district judge of the northern distr.ict of Ohio 
has all the- business incident to the criminal pro- 
cedure of the United States, and in patent cases, 
and to the, large- amount of admiralty cases aris- 
ing fronythe commerce of the lakes. It is sitting 
almost every •day in the ycar, cither in court or 
It does Federal business for 
in chambers. 
the half of a State of two and a half million peo- 
plc, having a large commerce and extensive inter- 
It is the same in the southern 
State intercourse. 
district of' Ohio. In addition to his other duties, 
the judge has to attend to the large admiralty 
business arising out of the Ohio river, and this 
business involves important questions and large 
amounts of rnoney. _From the statistics which 
were carefully examined by thc chairman of the 
judiciary Committee, that committec was unani- 
mously of opinion that the salary of these ju(lges 
I think, even without 
should be $3,500 a year. 
the additional duties. imposed , the salary is not 
exorbitant. Compared witli the salaries of tl'\e 
judges of the superior courts of Cincinnati and 
Columbus, it is not more than adequate. 
But, Mr. Speaker, therc is, as I say, an addi- 
tional labor Imposed upon these judges. 'Ithe 
nortl•nern judge, by this bill, is compelled to travel 
to 'l'o\cdo, whicl'i has growl') beyond any c.ity in 
the West since the last census, and is now a con- 
spicuous point of commercial and grain business 
on our lakes, having a Itu•oe admiralty business. 
'I'he dis- 
He is compelled to hold 'court thero 
trict judge of southern Ohio is also compelled to 
travel from Cincinnati to Columbus, there to hold 
court at least once a year, for ,ihc convenience of 
thc public, and for the con venience the o•ent.lc- 
man 's [Mr. STANTON] owli const.ituents. 
in this House an 
hope and trust that it' there be 
appreciation of nn honest, finu•loss, and upright 
judiciary, it will bc demonstrated by giving a thir 
'l'he gcnt-lemen 
compensation to these iadqes. 
Who fill these positions in Ohio are not such us 
my friend has described them. They are learned 
in tho law, nblo, honest, and upright judges; and 
I hope they will not reccivc a repulse from any 
Ohio member. 
Mr. SIMMS. Is it in order now to inovc to 
amend th6 bill? 
The SPEAKER. It is. 
Mr. SIMMS. Then I move to amend the first 
section of tl•xe bill, by inserting after the word 
Ohio," the words and Kentucky." My ob- 
ject in oflZring this amendment is not to preju- 
dice the bill reported from the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 1 think that, above all the other pub- 
lic officers, the judges of our courts should bc well 
paid; not only the judges of the United Slates 
courts, but tbc judges of the State courts. There 
should be such salaries attached to the position 
as would justify the best legal talent of the coun- 
try in undertaking the duties of that offce. 
*The amendrnent offered by me to this bill I base 
on this o•round.• the State of Kentuckv has but 
one district judge of the United States—the v,rhole 
State composintr one district. The judge of that 
large district rnceives for his services #2,500 
I'he State of Florida, with less popu„ 
a year. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 20, 
lation, and with less business to be transacted, 
has two United States judges, who rveceive be- 
tween them $5,250 per year. The Slato of Mis- 
souri has also two judges, receiving between them 
$5,000 per ycar. The Stato of Alabama, with a 
population not equal to that of Kentucky, and 
with less judicial business, V the jud«o there re- 
ceives $2,i50 per year. Now, I think that it is 
perfectly fair and right that, since thc districtjudxe 
for thc State of Kentucky has to perform all the 
duties of his office for the whole State—a labor 
certainly equal to that performed by•any other 
-in the southern or middle States—his salary 
should be increased so as to make it at Icast equal 
to that proposed by this bill to be given to thc 
move my 
district judge of Ohio. 
amendment, to make the salary of the district 
jud(re. of Kentucky #3,500 a year. 
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman 
from Kentucky that hc shall amend his proposi- 
tion so as to embrace within it the district judge 
of the State of Indiana. 
Mr. SIMMS. I agree to that suggestion; be- 
cause the State of Indiana, which is one of the 
largest western States, has but onc district judge, 
and think it but right that his salary should be 
increased. I modify rny amendment accordinffly? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire to submit a priv- 
ilcged motion. do not wish to interfere with 
this matter at all; but, as the morning hour has 
expired, I move that the rules be suspended, and 
that the House resolve itself into tho Committee 
of the Whole on the state of the Union. 
The SPEAKER. The morning hour not 
expired yet. 
Mr. SHERMAN. well, my 
ilcged onc, even during the morning hour; but I 
do nol care to press it. 
Mr. SIMMS. I have not yiclded the floor. 
Mr. SHERMAN. thought the gentleman• 
was through. 
Mr. SIMMS. No, sir. 
I now move the pre- 
vious question. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 raise a question of order 
on the proposed amend rnent. 
understand that the pre- 
Mr. BU E'I'T. 
vious question has been moved, which cuts off 
debate. 
SPEAKER. The Chair understood the 
gentleman from Ohio to rise to a point of order. 
Mr. BINGHAM. My point of order is: that 
thc amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky 
is not germane to the bill at all. This is a bill 
for increasing the salaries of the judges for the 
northern and southern districts of Ohio. The 
gentlmnun proposes to arncnd it by introducinry 
legislation touching thc salary of the district judge 
for the district of Kentucky. That is not in order. 
Mr. SIMMS. 1 think it is. 
Is it in order to 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
move to lay the whole subject on the table ? 
The SPEAKER. is. 
Mr. of Illinois. I make that motion. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a privileged ques- 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 rise to privileged qacs- 
i call up, nox.v, the motion to reconsider 
the vote by which thc.resolution to adjourn over 
the holidays was rejected yesterday. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have floor. 
I move that tl'ie. rules bc suspended, and that the 
House resolvc itself into the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union. Pending that 
motion, I Inove that all debate on the bill before 
the committee shall cease in ten minutes after its 
consideration shall havc been resuméd. 
Mr. COLFAX. Beforc that question is put, 
I desire to make a statement. 'I*he House is aware 
that the Post Office Committec— 
I believe I was recoo•nized 
bv the Chair, and submitted a motion which is in 
I called up the motion to reconsider the 
Mr. BURNETT. What bill is that? 
Mr. SHERMAN. The railroad bill. 
Mr. COLFAX. desire the indulgence of the 
House fora moment. The Committee on the P&st 
Office and Post R.oa_ds, as if, is known, is in ses- 
Sion every day. This morning, when the hour 
of twelve arrived, a United States Senator was 
befoi•e the committee, and we did not como into 
this Hall' until after the call of the Post Office 
I Committec had been completed. I understood 
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways 
and Means that the committees would not be 
called this morning, but that the House would at 
once go into the Committee of the Whole on the 
Pacific railroad bill. •What I now' ask is, that 
after the business of the Committee on the Judi- 
ciai•y...shall have been disposed of, the Post Offce 
Comrfii.ttee may again be called. 
The SPEAKER. Ifthere objection, such 
will be the order of the House. 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. 1 object. 
The SPEAKER. Chair t'hinks the objec- 
tion conies too l•tte.. 
Mr. BURN Eh•p• I now call up my-motion to 
reconsider. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair ig ot'opinion that 
tho motion of the gentleman frorn Ohio [kVlr. 
SHERMAN I to go into the Committee of the Whole 
will take precedence. 
Mr. BURNETT. lhope the House will vote 
E down the motion to go into committee, and dis- 
pose of the resolution to adjourn over. 
Mr. The motion 
of the genllcman from Kentucky is a privileged 
onc, and takcs precedence of the motion of the 
gentlernan from Ohio, as I understand it. 
The SPEAKER. Thc Chair is of the opin- 
ion that the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, 
being one to suspend the rules, must take prece- 
dence. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask that the may be 
first taken upon closing debate on the pending bill 
in the Committcc of the Whole on the ståte of the 
Union. 
MP'. BRANCH. 
question whether such an 
order in get)cral terms can be made. The partic- 
ultu• bill upon which tho debate is to be closed 
must bc stated. 
Mr. SHERMAN. My motion was to close 
debate upon the bill pending in committee, which, 
as it is very well known, is the Pacific railroad 
bill. 
IV.IP. BRANCH. Oh, no; 1 deny that fact. 
Mr. SHERMAN. very well; i say the pend- 
ingbill,and the committee will decidc what that is. 
Mr. BRANCH. What want is, upon 
what bill it is proposed to close debate. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands it is 
House bill No. 701, to grant land in alternate sec- 
tions to aid in the construction of certain railroads 
in the Territory of Nebraska. 
Mr. BRANCH. Iwant,asl have said, to have 
the bill specified on which the debate is to be 
terminated. I think we might as well settle the 
question here, to '•.vhat bill the 11101ion refers. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 refer to the railroad bill, 
of course. 
Mr. BR'ANCH. 1 deny that that is the bill 
pending in the Committee of the Whole on the 
I deny the fact upon which 
state of the Union. 
the gentleman's motion is based; and I deny that 
the 1110tion in the ibrm in which the gentleman 
states it is in order; because it is based upon a 
fact of which thc Speaker of this House can have 
no knowle&e. He cannot know what is pending 
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of 
If the gentlcrnan from Ohio will put 
the Uni01'1. 
his motion in the alternative, to close debate upon 
the Pacific railroad bill, provi4ed that is the bill 
pending in committee, I will not object to it; but 
I do object to the question being decided here in 
the House as to what is pending in the Commit- 
vole by which the resolution for adjournment •was tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. The 
rejected yesterday. 
• Mr. MORRIS, of [Hinois. I believe have the 
floor. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the motion that 
the rules be suspended, and that t.'he House re- 
solve itself into the Commitlee of the NV hole on 
the state of the Union. This whole matter noay 
come up afterwards. Pending that motion, I move 
that all debate upon the bitl ponding in committee 
be closed in ten minutes after the committee shall 
resume its consideration. 
House cannot know offcially what is pending in 
cormnittee. 
Mr. GROW. Irise to a point of order. The 
rule provides that when a motion is pending to 
close debate upon a bill in the Committee of the 
Whole, that motion is not debatable. 
Mr. SICKLES. to 
frorn North Carolina to the 114th rule, which pro- 
vides that— 
In Committee of the VVhole on the state of the Union, 
the hills shall be taken up and disposed of in their order on 
