1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL. 
the Calendar; but when -Objection is made to the consid- 
eration of a bill, a majority of _tbe committec shall' decide, 
without debate, -Whether it shall be taken up and disposed 
of, or laid aside." 
Now, I find that when the committee was in 
session on a previous day, a bill was taken up in 
committee, and, was under consideration when 
thecommittee rose. The gentleman will see, there- 
fore, that when the House again goes into com- 
mittee, the bill which was then under considera- 
tion, and which was reached on motion of the 
gentlenun from Iowa, will again.comeunder con- 
sideration as the business pending. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo- 
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, that the general 
debate close on the bill pending in the Committee 
of the Whole on the state of the Union in ten 
minutes after the committee shall resume the con- 
sideration of the same. 
Mr. REAGAN. 1 think there seems to be some 
misunderstanding as to whether this motion ap- 
plies to the original bill which was taken up m 
committee, or to some amendments which were 
offered in committee. 
Mr. GROW. 1 obiectto all debate. 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. 
The question was taken upon the motion to 
closc debate; and the motion was agreed to. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 ask 
for the vote upon the motion to go into the Com- 
mittec of the Whole on the state of the Union. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the rules were suspended; and the House 
resolved itself into the Cormittee of the Whole 
on the state of the Union, (Mr. GRow in the 
chair.) 
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee was 
last in session, it had under consideration House 
bill No. 701, granting lands in alternate sections 
to aid in the construction of certain railroads in. 
the Territory of Nebraska. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 object to taking up that bill. 
I claim that, under the 114th rule of the House, 
the Chairman must commence the call of the bills 
in the ordcr in which they stand on the Calendar. 
The rule is in these words: 
In Committee of the Whole on the state oc the Union 
the bills shall be taken up arid disposed of in their order on 
the Catendar ; but when objection is ntade to the considera- 
tion ofa bill a Inajority shall decide. without debate,wbetljer 
it shall be taken up and disposed Of or laid aside." 
Now, I make the point that, under that rule, the 
Chair must commence the call of tl'le bills in the 
order in which they stand on the Calendar, com- 
mencing at the head. In addition to that, 1 make 
this point; that this committee cannot know what 
has taken place in any former committee. The 
committec keeps no record, and it is impossible 
to know what has taken place, or what was under 
consideration at the time the committee rose. 
And, Mr. Chairman, I make this third point: 
that at t.be, last time the committee was in session, 
it did not have under consideration this bill at all. 
It had under consideration the deficiency bill, 
which was passed in the House yesterday. 
Now, I know that, under the 56th rule, it was 
claimed the other day that the CommiJtee of the 
Whole must take up business where it was left 
off on the previous day; but if the Chair will 
refer to that 56th rule, he will find that it refers 
•exclusively to the order of business in the House. 
It. has no reference to the proceedings in the Com- 
mittee of the Whole, at all. By the rule applying 
in committee, we must commence at the head of 
It is true that it has sometimes 
the Calendar. 
been held that the committee must resumc its 
business where it left off on the preceding day. 
But that does not settle this question, because, as 
I" have said, the committee keeps no record; and, 
although it, may happcn that the same gentleman 
may now be in the chair who was in the chair 
when the Pacific railroad was u•ndeu• considera- 
tion, yet the records of the House will show that 
when the House was läst in the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union, thevrescnt 
cupant of the chair did not preside, but the chair 
was occupied by a gentleman from the State of 
Virginia; and that not the Pacific railroad bill, 
but the deficiencv bill was under consideration. 
Mr. SICKLES. The deficiency bill, to which I 
the gentleman refers, was before the Committee 
Of the Whole as a special order of die House; 
and it is therefore true that, when the committee 
it, this bill was under consideration; and that is 
the question which we have got to consider. Now, 
if the gentleman wili refer to what follows rule 
114, in the Manual, he will see it is stated that— 
Where a bill has been taken up and is left. u'ldisposed 
of at the rising of the committee, it is the buSincss first in 
order when the House shall again resolve itself into' eom• 
rnittce." 
That expressly decides the point now under 
consideration. And as to the fact, that there is 
no offciai record, I think that is ari extremely 
technical objection upon a point Of hypothesis. 
While it is true that we have no journal of the 
proceedings of the Committee of the Whole, but 
a record of the proceedings of the committee in 
the offcial report made and recognized by the 
House as offcial, the Globe does contain an 
offcial record of our proceedings in committee; 
and therefore I say, that the fact- is clearly -befote 
the Chair that this bill was before thc committee 
when it was last in session. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 will not pretend to- doubt 
the correctness of the Manual of our excellent 
Journal Clerk, but it does not meet the point I 
have presented. 
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman from Noéth 
Carolina will permit me, I will suggest that it is 
also provided by -the rules of thc Housc that they 
shall have force m the Committee of the Whole, 
so far as the may be applicable. 
Mr. BRANCH. One point has been made by 
I admit that a 
the gentleman from New York. 
business in order at the rising of the committee, 
provided there wore means (f -finding out offcially 
from the record what that business was, would 
come up at the next session of the Committec. 
But, sir, by an order of the House on yesterday, 
making the deficiency appropriation bill u special 
order in the Committee of the Wholc on the stutc 
of the Union, the committee was discharged from 
the consideration of the unfinished business. The 
very act of making a special order in the com- 
mittee yesterday by a vote of the House, dis- 
charged the Committee of the Whole on the state 
of the Union from the business which wasthen 
pending, and which would have been the unfin- 
Ished business of the day before. The record of 
the House shows all the facts upon which my 
point of order can be based. It shows no part of 
the facts upon which it is claimed that this Pacific 
railroad bill must be taken up. 
The gentleman from New York says that the 
facts are published in the Daily Globe. The gen- 
tlcman is too good a lawyer to contend that the 
Daiiy Globe is a record ih any sense of the word 
It is certainly not an offcial record of this 
at ail. 
House, and cannot be used as such. Our pro- 
ceedings are also publisbcd in the daily newspa- 
pers of the city o? New York, and they could 
not be brought here to prove to this House what 
is the business in order. You can no more bring 
the Daily Globe here to show,' what is, the busi- 
ness in order, and to show what is the condition 
of the business of this House, than the New 
York daily newspapers. The Journal of •the 
House, which •is•kept by your Journal' Clerk, is 
the only record that can be recognized, either by 
the House or this committee. By that Journal 
it is shown that-day before yesterday thc House 
went into the Committee of the Whole on the 
state of the Union, and that the Chairman, upon 
the rising of the committee, (the same gentleman 
who happens to-day to occupy the chair,) reported, 
that the Committec of the Whole on the state of 
the Union had, according to order, had the Union 
oenerally under consideration, and particularly 
the Pacific railroad bill, and had coine to no con- 
clusion thereon. Under the clausc read by tho 
gentleman from New York, that fact would have 
rnade the Pacific railroad bill the first business in 
order when the House again resolved itself into 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union. Admit that. 
There is, then, this additional fact: that -the 
House, seeing that the Committee of the Whole 
qn the state of the Union was blocked up witli 
the Pacific railroad bill, and desiring that the com- 
mittee should not again take it up, ordered that i 
whcn the House resolved itself-into thO Commit- I 
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, it 
should take up the deficiency appropriation bill. 
By that order, sir, I insist that the House dis- 
charged thc Committee of the Whole on the state 
was lastin session upon the general ordcrs before i of the Union from t.he consideration of the Pacific 
railroad bill-. -the?bi-xs}-- 
ness regularly in- order . 
Pacific, railroad bill, rana bee-n 
considered but for the •orde4rfoÉ'Æthe2 
stand' to it that the: HOuse, by 
upöh: the reCOrd, and whiCh tb 
the committee, did 
mittee of the W-hOle on the slate 
from the considerationöf Pacifie railröad\bil)-, 
and order the' committee 'to-go ori 'with'thré• &åfi- 
ciency appropriation bill. The@mmittee didgÖ 
on With- it. 
It spent a A,vholet da:yin considéf_ing 
it, differentgéhtåeman entirety being-ip th&cliq-iYi. 
Because -to-day the same gentleman ,-uappeny 
be appoi n ted by the Speaker to 
gentleman it when•the ;Pa'cifiörail- 
road bill was up before=it is Olairned, in defiance 
of the ordéi• of •the should take •up 
•that bill from Which the committeewas disehårgéd 
by the House itself. 
The CHAIRMAN.. The time for de- 
bate on the bill 
Mr. SICKLES. 
the oint•of order before thé committee.-: 
CHAIRMAN; 
The Chair stated to -the committee thåt thé$fißt 
business in order iwås the HouSe=bill NoU.•ä0-r, 
granting alternate sectiOns of' the public? lands' t'O 
aid ih the construétionb Of Certain Éailroads, in the 
Territory of Nebraska; it being the unfinished 
business before the committee at its last session. 
The gentleman from North Carolina rises to •a 
point of ordef, stating that vghen the committee 
was •last in session it had "the deficiency appro- 
priation bill' under consideration, and that, con- 
sequentiy, this railroad bill could not•be the un- 
finished business' before the committee. The 
Chair overrules the point of order.' The Journal 
kept by the Clerk shows that thé Chairman 
ported, on the rising of the cdnimiiteé/:thatit-ha-d 
under consideration this railroad bill ätid» htatl 
come to no conclusion -thereon. o The- next', day 
the House Ordered the deficiency appr6Priatiön 
bill to be considered in the committeeaSä?SPeeiål 
rn the opinion Of -the Chaif, that oi•der 
order. 
only held the regular order of -business in- 'abey- 
ance• until -tlie deficiency appropriation bill 'WAYS 
disposed of. Undmi -the rules they stand it is 
provided that* whenever a;class Of business is 
again reached which wag left• uznfinished, either 
in the House or committee, it must be resumed 
where it wds left off. The rules of the House, 
as has been stated, have force in the committee 
so ftu• as they are applicable. 
In this case they 
do apply to the extent of resuming the business 
which was for a time interfered with by a special 
order. The Chair overrules the point Of ordei•, 
and decides that the pending railroad bill, being 
the unfinished business before the committee, is 
now proper}y under consideration. 
The reading of thc bill by sections, for amend- 
then concluded. 
Mr. DAVIS; "Of Indiana. I' move that the bill 
be laid aside, go reported to the Höuse with 
the recommendation t:håt it-ido +ass. 
The CHAIRMAN'. •There are two amend- 
ments pending tot-he Sill; which must be disposed 
of before the Chair can entertain the motion of 
the gentleman from •Indiäna: 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. -I would lil<e to know 
how these amendmen tsare pending, for no amend- 
ments were offered while the bill was being read 
by sections -'for amendment? I understand-the 
Chair to have decided that the bill was not open 
to amendment until it was read by sections. 
The CHAIRMAN. When the bill was reported 
by the Clerk, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SHEIi- 
MAN] proposed an amendment, which •was entered 
upon the Journal, That amendment- is in the 
nature of a substitute. The gentleman from Iowa 
[MI'. CURTIS] then submitted an amendment' to 
that amendment, tlso in the nature •of a substi- 
tute. The Chair decidesthdt; until thöse amend- 
menis are disposed of, it is not in order to move 
that the committee rise and •report the bill to -the 
-House. 
Mr. DAVIS, Of Indiana. I understand e-that 
thero was a mere suggestion, that tbosé arwep•d- 
ments would be offered when the bill iv'as:réäd 
I think the d?- 
through by sections. 
cided, time and again, that a bill is-notsubjectto 
amendment unlil ibis beingreadbygéciionsrond 
these amendments were not then, öféred.:•- Uhder 
the peculiar circumstances -surröundih'g this case, 
