164 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 20, 
I deem. it to be my duty to press this point of 
order. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the 
point of order, and decides that the amcndmcnts 
are roperly in order to this bill. 
WI. REAGAN. I do not think that the Chair 
understands the point of order. 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I do not propose to 
debate the point of order, but I presume that it 
is in order for me to state it. 
The CHAIRMAN. Debateis not in order on 
point*Qf order. The Chair overrules the point 
of order. *Does the gentleman take an appeal ? 
DAVIS, oflndiana, 1 do. 
Mr. JONES. If these amendments can bc of- 
fered at this time or before the bill was read by 
sections what, then, was the use of going through 
the Formality of reading it by sections ? 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from ln- 
diana moves that the bill be laid aside to be 
reported to the House with the recommendation 
that it do pass, while amendments are pending. 
The Chair decides that the motion is not in order 
until the amendments are disposed of. From that 
decision the gentleman takes an appeal. 'l'he 
question now Is: Shall the decision of the Chair 
stand as the judgment of the committee ? ' ' 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I hope that the Chair 
will state further, that tho amendments were of- 
fered before the bill was read, and that it is not in 
order to propose an amendment until the Clerk 
reads the bill by sections for that purpose. 
The CHAIRMAN. It •has been customary to 
offer amendments in the nature of substitutes, just 
as these were offered, 
The committee was divided; and there were— 
ayes 87, noes 32. 
So the decision of thc Chair was sustained. 
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the 
amendment to the amendment. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I made a point of 
order upon the amendment, and I desire to have 
the amendment read . 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman desire 
that the amendment proposed by the gentleman 
from Ohio shall be first read, and then tl'ie amend- 
ment proposed by the gentleman from Iowa? 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Yes, sir. 
The Clerk commenced the reading of the amend- 
ment. 
Mr. REAGAN. 1 desire to inquire if that bill 
is bill No. 835? 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair docs not know. 
He appeals to tl'ie comrnittee to lislen to the bill 
as read by the Clerk, and then they will know 
It is the amendment proposed by tille 
what it is. 
gentleman from Ohio to strike out and insert. 
The Clerk resumed the reading. 
MI'. REAGAN. suppose that we all desire 
common fiiirness, and my object is to know 
whether the gentleman from Ohio offered, as a 
substitute to the pendil')g bill, bill No. 835, word 
-for word? 
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk is reading the 
arnendmcnt of the gentlcmun from Ohio. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 would suggest that the 
ing of the substitute be discontinued, and that my 
amendment be read, because that is the one upon 
which we will have to vote first. 
Mr. REAGAN. I ask if the amendmcnt is not 
the same as the substitute ? 
Mr. CURTIS. It is not. The amendment and 
the substitute are different. 
The CHAIRMAN. All this conversation is 
out of order. When a gentleman calls for the 
reading of a paper, it is the business of the Clerk 
Lo read it. 
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to say, with the indul- 
gence of the House, that there can be nothing 
accomplished by reading the substi tute of the gen- 
tleman from Ohio. A vote first be taken, I 
suppose, unless some mode is found to prevent it, 
upon my substitute for his substitute. The two 
are different. 
I hope, therefore, that the amend- 
ment will be read which will be first voted on. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I withdraw 11) y call 
for the reading of the amendment, and will sub- 
mit my point of order. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Did thegentleman from 
Ohio propose a sub*titute for the original bill ? 
The CHAIRMAN. He did; and the gentle- 
man from Iowa moved to strike out all after the 
enacting clause, and to insert. 
McCLERNAND. Then there is only one 
amendment to the bill pending. 
The CHAIRMAN. There is onc substitute to 
the original bill pending, and an amendment to 
the substitute. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. The proposition is to 
amend the substitute, and not the original bill. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair states that the 
original bill has been read through by sections for 
amendments, and any amendment proper to be 
made at the end of the bill can be received still; 
but the committee cannot go back and propose 
amendments to the previous sections. 
Mr. BRANCH. I suppose thatn point of order 
going to thc reception of an amendment upon the 
ground of irrelevancy ought to bc decided notv. 
The. CHAIRMAN. It would be in to 
hear the point raised by the gentleman from In- 
diana, which went to the relevancy of tliis amend- 
ment of the gentleman from. Iowa. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I found my point 
of order upon the 48th rule, which is as follows; 
No motion or proposition on a subject different from 
t.hat under consideration shall be admitted under color Of 
mnendmcnt. No bill or resolution shall, at any time, be 
amended by annexing thereto, or incorporating therewith, 
any other bill or resolution pending before the House." 
The point of order is, that the bill under con- 
sideration is a bill granting altérnate sections of 
land to the Territory of Nebraska for the pur- 
pose of aiding in the construction of a railroad. 
r he amendment proposed by the gentleman from 
Iowa is a difltn•ent bill in every respect whatever, 
and is not germane to the proposition under con- 
It is a bill, not granting public lands 
side ration. 
to aid in the construction of a railroad to one of 
the States or Territories of the. United States, but 
a bill to constÆct two railroads across the conti- 
Pacific railroad—and to pay for the con- 
struction of those roads out of the public T.reas- 
ury in money. The original bill proposes to 
grant to a rrerritory, to aid in thc construction of' 
a railroad, alternate sections of the public lands; 
the. other proposes a grant of rnoney to a corpo- 
ration, and therefore they arc wholly diflZ•rcnt•, 
and the substitute is irrelevant. Without elab- 
orating this point of order further—for I believe 
it i* clearly defined to every gentleman here—I 
submit it to the decision of thc Chair. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 desire to the attention 
of the Chair to the authorities upon this point in 
Which the same question has been raiscd and de- 
cided. A similar question was raised in both 
the Thirty-First and Thirty-Second Congresses. 
During the first session of the Thirty-First Con- 
gross, as appears by reference to page 1321 of the 
Journal of the House, a bill was pending entitled 
" An act. proposing to the State of Texas the 
cstablishmcnt of her northern and western bound- 
ary, and the relinquishment by the said State of 
all territory claimed by lierexterior to said bound- 
atics, and of all her claims upon the United 
" Pending that bill," the Journal says, 
States." 
" Mr. Boyd rnoved to amend by adding the fol- 
Here follows a bili of thirty-two sec- 
lowin(r. 
lions, establishing territorial governments for the 
Territories of New Mexico alid Utah. Mr. Mead 
raised the point of order that such amendment 
was not germane to the rncasure under consider- 
ation; that the amcndmcnt contained provisions 
similar to bills already before the House, and 
consequently, under the rules, was out of order. 
r Ithis, certainly, presents a case of dissimilarity 
much stronger than the one beforc the Chair for 
his decision. The, Speaker ruled that the urnend- 
mcllt was in ordcr, stating that he was of' opinion 
that the bill from the Senate under consideration 
brought before the House the question of terri- 
tory acquired from Mexico, and that all propo- 
sitions affectil')g that territory, or proposing to 
dispose of or provide for it, were Termanc to the 
bill, and therefore iVi order as an amendment. 
Mr. SHERWIAN. 1 desire to state that the 
amendment have offered is not like any other 
bill before the House. 
Mr. SICKLES. aware of that, 
now upon a different point, and am citino' authoi•- 
ties upon the point whether the pending amend- 
ment is ffermane or not. 
From that decision of' the Chair Mr. Schenck 
appealed; and upon the question being put to the 
House, the decision of the Chair was sustained 
by a vote of 122 to 84. 
During the first session of the Thirty-Second 
Congress the same point was raised again and 
decided. The House had under consideration a 
bill reported bv Mr. Hall, of Missouri, from the 
Committee on Public Lands, granting the right Of 
way, and making donations of public lands, to the 
State of Wisconsin, to aid in the construction of 
a railroad from Chicago to the head of Lake Su- 
perior. Mr. Gray moved to amend the bill by an 
amendment granting to the State of Kentucky 
lands in aid ofvarious roads in Kentucky. On that 
amendment Mr. George W. Jones raised the point 
of order that the amendment was upon-a differ- 
ent subject, and consequently out of order. The 
Speaker decided that, inasmuch as the bill pro- 
vided for the donation of land to a State to aid in 
the construction ofa railroad therein, it was com- 
potent to amend it by a provision for other States 
for a similar purpose. He therefore overruled 
the point of order. An appeal was taken from 
that decision; and, on a motion made to lay the, 
appeal upon the table, the appeal was laid on the 
table. 
Another amendment was offered granting lands 
to other States to aid in the construction of rail- 
roads, and that amendment was received. Both 
the questions raised in this case were entertained 
and decided—first, whether the amendment was 
germane; and second, how far the bill contained 
provisions in substance likc another bill before 
It was held that, although a propo- 
the House. , 
sition may be in substance the same, yet, unless 
it was fora purpose different, it was notexcluded 
by the rule. 
And I desire to cfl the attention of the Chair, 
in this connection, to the remarks upon rule 48, 
on page 10, of the volume of our Clerk, John M. 
Barclay, where he states that förrnerly the rule 
was to exclude a proposition if it was not sub- 
stantially like the bill before the House; but that 
it had been held repeatedly, since, that amend- 
ments including the same provisi0)'1s, to a great 
extent, as other bills before the House, were in 
order. 
There are other decisions; but these are suffi- 
cicnt. 
Mr. BRANCH. I do not intend to consume 
I only want 
time unnecessarily upon this bill. 
tbc point of order distinctly made. The gentle- 
man from New York [Mr. SICKLES] will under- 
stand that the point of order made by the gentle- 
man from Indiana [Mr. Dnvrs] is not at all based 
upon the fact that this bill contained provisions 
similar to other bills pending before the House. 
I do not understand that point is made at all. 
The point is made, because the bill proposcd as 
an amendment is unlike to, and irrelevant to the 
bill for which it is proposed to be substituted. I 
call the attention of the committee to the titles of 
the bills themselves. The title of the pending 
bill is as follows: " A bill granting alternate scc- 
tions of public lands to aid in the construction of 
certain railroads in the Territory of Nebraska. " 
There is a distinct proposition set forth in the 
Its character, its object, its pur- 
title of the bill. 
poses, are mage clear by the title. The bill that it 
IS proposed to" substitute for it also has a title in 
the words: A bill to secure contracts, and make 
provision for the safe, certain, and more speedy 
transportation by railroad of rnails, troops, n-:uni- 
tions of war, military and naval stores, between the 
Atlantic States and those of the Pacific, and for 
other purposes." 
In all the cases cited by the 
gentlc\nan from New York, [Mr. SICKLES,] the 
bills were identically the same in their provisions, 
alike in their object, and similar in the means they 
proposed to attain that object. The decision of 
thc House in cach of those cases was based on 
the, fact that they were exactly similar. 
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman from North 
Carolina will pardon me, I can correct him upon 
that point. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 would rather state my point 
It is difficult to present these compli- 
of order. 
catcd points of order if irrterrupted . 
Mr. SICKLES. I beg the gentleman's par- 
don, 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 will hear the gentleman. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 desired to correct the gen- 
tleman as to the first authority which I cited. I 
think the gentleman did not honor me with his 
complete attention, or he would not have fallen 
into the error. The bill moved as an amendment 
then was a bill to provide territorial governments 
for Utah and New Mexico; the bill pending before 
