1860. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE; 
stated that there are two amendments pending in 
the nature of a substitute, and that no further 
amendments are in. order; The question now is 
on the amendment of the gentleman from Iqwa, 
[Mr. CURTIS,] which is to strike out and insert. 
If agreed to, no amendment will then be in order 
except to add. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. no not wish to 
with the opinion of the Chair. 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman take 
an appeal from the decision of the Chair? 
Mr. McCLERNAND. i do not. wish 
to state, if the amendments pending are in the 
nature of substitutes, that I think we have the 
right to make amendments to them before the 
question is taken on their adoption. The onc 
for which the other is offered as a substitute, is, 
think, open to amendment as if it were the ori- 
ginal text. 
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman con- 
sult Barclay 's Digest, at page 80, he will find thc 
Chair's decision to be the correct onc. 
Mr. KUNKEL. to a pointofotder. 
undcrstand—and if I am wrong I hope that I will 
be corrected—that the substitute offered by the 
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. CURNS] is the same 
as House 'bill No. 835, which is upon the Calen- 
dar, and near thc end of it. 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Iowa 
has stated that his substit.ute is not t.he same as i 
any bill pending in the committee or before the 
House. 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 have not the substi- 
tute read, and I am unable to tell whether it is 
like the House bill to which I have referred or 
If it be the same as the bill now upon the 
not. 
Catendae•., then it is not in order. 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is 
ing undei• a inistake. The substitute is not the 
same as the bill to which he refers, and it has 
been so stated by the gentleman from lovva, who 
submitted it. 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 desire to call the attention 
of the Chair and the committec to the facts. 
'l'he CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order 
If the gentleman rises to a question of order, he 
will state it. 
Mr. KUNKEL. do: and 1 to a rule 
of the House before the Chair decides upon the 
point I present. By a vote of the House, a few 
days ago, Substantially the same proposition as 
the pending substitute was refl.l,sed to be consid- 
ered in the House, and was referred to thc Corn- 
mittec of the Whole on the state of the Union. 
It was determined to bc an appropriation bill of 
that character wlfich required it to bc first con- 
Iowa, the amendment as amended, is not now m 
order, except by a motion to add to it. Nothing 
which has been inserted can be now stricken out. 
Mr. BRANCH. Does the Chair decide that a 
portion of -what has been inserted cannot be 
stricken ouQ 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides thatit 
is not in order to move to strike out what :has 
just been inserted . 
Mr. BRANCH. The Chair is certainly cor- 
rect, so far as striking out the whole of what has 
been inserted. But does-the Chair decide that it 
is not in order to move to strike out a portion of 
what has been inserted ? 
The CHAIRMAN. What has been inserted 
has been adopted as onc amendments and it is now 
op_cn to amendment only by addition, In the 
opinion of the Chair an amendment in the see- 
ond degree, adopted as a substitute for an amend- 
ment in the first degree, is not open to amend* 
ment, except by addition. 
Mr. REAGAN. I have an amendment to offer, 
adding several new sections. 
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gent'cman will per• 
mit me, I will make a suggesiion. It is this: •it 
is man-ifbst Lhat we cannot debate this substitute 
in the Cömmittee of the Whole on the state of 
the Union. 
I therefore su&gest that we take the 
bill into the House with the understanding that it 
nqay there. be discussed—say for one, two, or throe 
' hours—and that amendments may be offered, such 
as may be sug«rested by the gentleman from T as, 
as well as other gentlemen. 
Mr. REAGAN. I prefin• to submi my mend- 
ment now. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
Add the follmvil)" : 
SEC. 16.- .flnd bc it further enacted, That the persons 
herein nmned in the first section of this act, be authorized 
within thrcc months after the passagc ot- this act, to detenn- 
ine the amount of privatecapital stock which will bc ne- 
cessary to the completion of this road ; and that they be 
authorized to open hooks of subscription for said stock in 
tbc cities of New York, St. Louis, and New Orleans, and 
in such other places as they Inay think proper, and to keep 
the satne open for the term of six months; an(l at the ex- 
piration of said six months said stockholders shall meet at 
such place as may be agreed on, and elect a board ofdircc- 
tors ofnot less than twenty-live nor more than-forty mem- 
bers, who shall supersedc the persons herein named in the 
control and managelnentot• tbc affait*0f said company ; the 
stock to be taken in shares of$10(Feaeh, and each share to 
entitlc t.hc shareholdea• to one vote ; and that no onc per- 
son or firtn shall be allowed to take tnore than $500,000 of 
said stock: Olnd provided further, T hilt, five per cent. on 
the aniount of the stock subscribcd, shall be paid to the 
company, in cash, at the time ot•taking the satne. 
of bhe •wholå estate tiÉ.)Y iWøn.y-e 
$500,000; upon which the -paymengsamdq. by 
holder would be equal. to more; 
same shall niucli Of 
Of the line of railroad to which it 
t to be built under this åct;-. and atl- 
railroad to be adopted as a •part Qf.-either of! 
railroad aütborized to be bui!t under- this: qct, 
off and disallowed by the consent of the hid 
l. direetors-of 'sueh railroad before 'it shall' bé 
made a part of either'of said lines Of Åilroad.- 
cmhmissioners aforesaid shali not be satisfied .thåt--gny 
ments on said stock have been. fairly made good *iitb, 
they- shall take suCh other teStimony, in -additiöh to ihat 
furnished by thc and' exhibit aboyeY-retiUired 
to be Inade by the board of diregtors, as wiil,shovvthez-truth 
of the claim, and allow-so much maybe just-und 
proper, and no more. And a cOmplia-üce With the require- 
mentS of this and the-preceding section ttiiS act-silan be 
neccssaty us condition precedent, before -tail- 
road sba}i be aliowed to• formany part of citherof-the lines 
of railroad authorized to be built by this act, and,bcfore the 
same shall be entitled to any Of tbO. Goverß!1iPiR betein 
giüen-. 
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Chairman, 
tion of the amendment just read wak offered ldSt 
session to the bill then undei' consideratiön; arid 
was adopted, after full discussion; by-a* vote Of 
nearly- two to one. It wås fe!erfedftvith the-{bill 
to the special committee; -which committed; die- 
*regardihg the large majority by which it{hadAbbén 
sustained in the HouÅe, struck it out of- tiie•bill 
which they reported. only ask to restore That 
has already been adopted by this House, and 
i which has been left out bv the special committee. 
My amendment is not intanded to cripple the bill; 
but, on the contrary, to perféct it, and tg make it 
stronger. My design is to place this projectupön 
a sound and sure basis. It will beperceivcd, from 
the reading of the proposition, that it rests upon 
good faith and fair dealing, by ex'cluding, us fai• 
as could be anticipated, all chance of-making this 
enterprisc a mere matter of speculatiön to mthe 
It will prevent •the incorporation; 
stockholders. 
into eitheM)f the roads to bebuilt by the Federal 
Govcrnment, of åny- of' the badly-mariaged and 
broken-down concerns now in existence. speak 
more particulaply with refércnc-e to the road -which 
passes through the State of Texas; ahd thi•otlÉh 
the central part of the district whichx 'I have%the 
honor to represent upon this floor. Iam not Will- 
ing that a company shall be saddled upon this 
enterprise which, upon examination, it AS sh-oWn 
cannot succeed* It would not do to canneet-:svith 
this enterprise a company with sixty a :liun- 
dred million dollars of stock a poFtion of which 
is confessedly spurious, and has never been paid 
I for. It would not do •to fasten so much stock upon 
sidered in the Committee of the Whole on the state 
ofthe Union. Such was the decision ofthe Speaker, 
and understand that tho whole I-louse acquiesced 
in that decision. My point of order is, that this 
'J.'hat if any existing 
SEC. 17. and bc it furthcr enacted, 
railroad shall bc adopted as a part of either of lines of these roads with anyhope that they wili succeed. 
railroad to bc bui\t under the provisions ofthis act, itshall If my amendment be adopted, it Will' strike off.all 
l_rnder foilowin«cotldittons, that is to say: the value II suph things. No company will be incorporated 
on any road to be so adopted, and ot with the enterprise unless its affairs have been 
of the, work. douc 
the rnat.eriais and supplies belonging to the same, shall he 
properly.managed, and it is proved to be solvent 
asccnained bv threc commissioners, to be appointed by the 
President of •the United States, who shall appraise [he h and in a good condition. I have not time to de- 
If you pass the amendment in 
smne, under oath, at their thir cash value; and tho board bate this matter. 
substitute, being the stune as the Pacific ! i of directors Of any road so to be adopted shall, under oath, 
the shape in which it now is,-in my judgment 
make a tull and [hir statement and exhibit of all the liabil- 
bill which was referred, under the rules, to this 
committee, cannot now be entertained. It must 
contend, be discussed and have full considera- 
{ion here before it can be reported to the House. 
I would direct the attention of the Chair to rule 
{12 and the comments of Mr. Barclay, our jour- 
nal Clcrk, upon the subject. 
The CHAIRMAN. •we nowin -the Com- 
mittec of the Whole on the state of thc Union, 
and the substitute is open to amendment and dis- 
cussion te the extent already stateu by the Chair. 
Mr. SCOTT. The point has been I 
and decided once before; and I call th•e gentleman 
from Maryland to order. 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 suggest, to 
the Chair, that this substitute has not been dis- 
cussed and considered in this conamittee to the 
extent designed by the rules of the House. It has 
not been discussed and considered as the rules 
require all appropriation bills shali be considered ! I 
and discussed in the Committee of the Whole on 
the state of the Union. 
Mr. COLFAX. I call the gentleman to order. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair the I 
oint of order .raised by the gentleman from Mary- . 
Ind. 
Chequestion was taken on Mr. CURTIS 's amend- 
ment to the amendment; and it was agreed to. 
twenty-five mite of the southern bi•tinch Of ihe 
ities of tuc same ; und if the liabilities of any such road do 
not exceed the value ofthe work done on, and and road• cannot be built, nor do I believe that 
supplies belonging to, the san'le, then it may be adopted -as 
a part of such line of railroad ; and the company adopting 
ibic for all its liabilities so ascertained, but shall not become 
responsible for any liabilities not so asccrtilined ; and if the 
liabilities of any' such railroad be greaicr than the, value of 
the work done. on, alid :natcrials and supplies belonging to, 
the same, then it shall not. be, adopted as a part of either 
linc of railroad authorized to bc 'built by this act, unless 
the stockholders and directors thereof shall consent to as- 
stone and pay ali of its liabilities over and above the value 
of the work done on, and materials and supplies belonginm 
to, the sarne. 
nÖrthern the road.will be more Success 
I fu}; but that, on the contrary;a number-ofpérSöTS', 
peculiai•lyfävored by the bill, will' be mace •rich at 
thc sacrifice •of millions of dollars,-: to-those who 
may be incautious enough to inveSt their capital 
in thc stock. 
i Mr. McCLERNAND, 1 desire to ask the 
gentleman a question. I want to know what the 
gentleman from Texas is prepared to say about 
i the Oompany mentioned in that bill in connection 
SEC. 1.8. Jlnd bc it further enacted, That the board of di- i With Texas. 
rectors of any railroad proposed to be made a pan of either Mr. REAGAN. I am not familiar- with '-the 
of the lines of railroad authorized-to be built under the condition of that company. Our State engineer 
provisions of this act shall, under oath, makc out a full and 
has shown that.they had $65,000,000 of stock in 
'hir statement and exhihit of the stock taken in tile same, 
the market, and he did not know how much more. 
by '"'hom taken, and when, and, if shown by the stock 
books of the company, by whom hcidat thetime; and how Tbc common rumor is, that a large amount of this 
much has been paid on the same in cash ; and if payments stock' has never cost the owners Of' it anything. 
have been madc on the satne otherwise than in cash, in It is the.•incorporation Of such stock as that in 
what m?.nner such payments were made; and how much fi 
of the same has been issuedwithotttthc payment of money this onterprise, to break it down, that I am ope 
or thereför; and how much of the same posed to; and therefore I oppose the bilL 
has been issued on condition that the ho}dershould pay less Mr. SCOTT. I wish to state, while I-am 
than the facc value on it, and how much-was paid, or was 
willing that every gentleman upon this floor should 
to be paid on any such stock. And after the board of di- 
rectors of any company shall have made the statement offer such amendments to this bill as he deems 
and exhibit of the stock of thc same as above proper and correct, that, shall certainly- vote 
President of the United States shall causq the same to be I 
avainst every amendment. At the last LSession; 
examined by three. commissioners, to be appointed for that b 
this Congress appointed a- committee: of Tiftden. 
purpose, who *hatf ascertain what amount has been paid 
Mr-REAGAN. I presume {hull may now offer on any and ail of said stock in cash, and what amount has For three months was that committees 
been paid on such stoelK in •services, material, supplies, and having under consideration bill 
my amendment te the amendment of the gentle- 
labor; and shall issue to the holders of such stock, at their 
i which is now proposed by the gehi}ernan flom 
man from Ohio, f Mr. SHERMAN,] as amended. 
election, either a certificate for the amount the stockholder Iowa as an amendment.' 
It rhuSV beobviöüs and 
The CHAIRMAN. 'The committee having has paid as so much full paid stook under this act, or acer- 
adopted substitute of the gentleman from tificate for any amount of stock, not exceeding tbe value apparent to every gentleman- upon 'this floor; by 
