1860. 
complete, and finish the entire road and telegraph ready 
for use, which period must not exceed ten years from the 
signing of the contract; and also what extent and portion 
tbereot• they propose to complete and put in operation du- 
ring each and every year.' Second. 'The time in which 
such purty or parties will surrender and transfer, free of 
cöst to the United States, for the purpose of being surren- 
dered to the several States, as herein provided, the said 
.road, with its appurtenances and furniture. Third. 'I'he 
sum, hot exceeding $300 per mile, for carrying the United 
States mails daily, both ways, on said road, under the direc- 
tion of the POSI Office Department, the period of fifteen 
years from the compleüon of the road ; and, while in course 
of constructjpn, för the portion in use, and at what. rate 
per mile, for a like period, and on the portions in use while 
being constructed, thcy will carry on said road, under the 
direction of the proper Department, all military and naval 
stores, suppkies, munitions, troops, and freights of all kinds 
ceed that now paid in the aggregate for such serviee ; and 
from and after the expiration of said period of fifteen years 
said transportation, postal, military, navar, and för every 
other Government purpose, Shail be in like manner per- 
parttnent, at reasonable prices, not exceeding those usually 
paid for the time being on other first-class roads, to be as- 
certained by Congress in the event ofdisagteement between 
SEC. 3. .nnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of 
War, the Secretaryof the Navy, the Secretary of the In- 
terior, and the. Postmaster General, under the direction of 
the President, be; and thcy arc hereby, authorized and in- 
structed to contract with the party or parties whose pro- 
posals, as.aforesaid, for each of said lines shall be consid- 
ered by to be on the whole the most Cavorabic för the 
full and complete construction and keeping up ot• each of 
said lines ot' road and telegraph, for whicl) proposals shall 
be made, cotnplying with the terms of this act; the said 
contract or colltracts to provide Ibr the road "or roads as 
herein described, and alSo for a telegraph line or lines on 
the unostapproved plan ; and that the party or parties whose 
proposal or proposals shall be, accepted, shall each deposit 
with the Secretary of the Treasury the sum of or 
the value thereof, in bonds, or certificates of stock of the 
United States, Or State bonds, whose market value shall be 
at or above par at the tune of making said deposit, which 
may be subsequently drawn out. by them in sums of $5,000 
as the work proceeds, on the production of vouchers, show- 
thereto has been applied in good fUith to the construction 
of said road; and all obligations, contracts, and securities. 
shall be binding and obligatory in law on the contracting 
obligations, contracts, and undertaking* ; all questions of 
danrages and iörfeiture by reason of any breach of said 
contract being determined by the express terrns of such ob- 
all contracts made in pursuance of this act the provisions 
of the act shall be taken and considered as parts of said 
contracts in like manner as if the sarne were set forth in 
fun. in said contracts. 
SEC. 4. and be it further enacted, That in making said 
contracts it •shall be stipulated that, the sake of conve- 
nicnce, the said road shall be divided into sections of one 
hundred miles cacb, and that none of said lands shall be 
conveyed to the contractors until one of those sections shall 
be, completed and put in successful operation, when the 
President shali convey, by patent to the contractors, three 
fourths of the land pertaining to the section so completed, 
retaining the other fourth as security for the completion of 
the next section of one hundred miles; and when the sec- 
ond section shall be completed, the President shall in like 
manner convey to the contractors three löurths of the land 
pertaining to that section, together with the rennaining 
, and so with each section, 
fourth on the previous section • 
conveying three fourths, and retaining one fourth as sccu- 
rity for the completion of the next, until the iast section of 
the road shall he finished and put in operation, when the 
President shall convey to the contractors the residue of the 
lands; and it shall also be stipulated in said contracts, that 
the mails shall at ali times be carried on said road under the 
direction of the Post Ofhce Department, and that all other 
transportation for the use of the United States, as provided 
ip this act, shall be performed under the direction of the 
proper Department, and that the compensation theretOr, at 
the prices specified in said contract in pursuance of this 
act, shall be regularly paid from the Treasury of the United 
States, quarterly, or at such times as shall be agreed upon : 
•Provided, That no money shall be advanced, nor shall any 
such compensation be made, until the service to the extent 
of the payment so made shall have been first performed. 
SEC. 5. and. be it.furthcr enacted, 'I'hat should any con- 
tracting party or parties substantially fail, negiect, or refuse 
to prosecute the work under.t.aken by said party or parties 
in a manner to secure the completipn thereof, in compli- 
ance with their contract, and within the tune stipulated, or 
should such party or parties violate the terms of the con- 
right (if way, or property, shall be and become to 
the United States. and the United Statcs may, and sham, 
enter upon and possess the saine. In the event of such tor- 
f@iture, to be determined by the Secretary of War, Secre. 
tary of Navy, Secretary of Interior, and Postmaster Gen- 
eral, with the approval of tbc President, said Secretary of 
War, Secretary of Navy, Secretary of Interior, and Post- 
tion of the work done. in such Inanner ak will sccurc its 
earliest completion in conförmity with the tfrovision.s ofthis 
act: Provided, That they shall not stipulate on the part of 
tlre, United States any higher, or other terms, than are 
herein expressly authorized and provided. 
SEC. 6. 02nd be it further enacted, 'l'hat the party or par- 
ties with whom the contractor contracts aforesaid shall be 
inade shali proceed, as soon as pract_icable after the execu- 
*ion of' such contract or contracts, to locate the general route 
of said toad or roads, and fix tltc eastern and western term- 
inus of the sarne; and as soon as such general route or 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE: 
routes shall be determined, which shall not be more thin 
two years from the date of said contract or contracts, a 
statement thereof shall be furnished by said party or parties 
to the Secretary of War ; and, as soon as practicable there- 
after, the President shall cause the public land on each side 
of said route or routes, to the extent of at least forty miles, 
to be surveyed, and the Indian title thereto extinguished, 
if practicable ; and the provisions of the act of September, 
1841, granting preimption rights, and the act amendatory 
thereof, shall he, and the same are hereby, extended to such 
lands, saving and excepting-the lands herein set apart and 
appropriated iOr the use of said road or roads aforesaid : 
Provided howcvcr, That the alternate sections-ond parts of 
sections of land which by this act shall remain to the United 
States within the lines of fifteen miles on each side of said 
road or roads shan not be entered or sold, by preemption-or 
otherwise, för less than double the minimum price of the 
public lands when sold : Provided,'urther, 'I'hatso soon as 
a contract shall be made, as aforesaid, for the construction 
of either or each of said roads, it shall be the duty of the 
President to cause the public lands,for not exceedingforty 
miles on each side of so much of said route as the con- 
tractors thereof shall. indicate, in pursuance of this act, to 
be withheld from settlement, sale, or occupation, until the 
lands shall have been surveyed and the alternate sections 
selected, as provided in this act. 
SEC. 7. und be it further enacted, That the party or par- 
ties receiving grants of alternate sections of land, under 
the provisions of this act, shall be required to self and 
unconditionally convey one half ot-• the saine Within five 
years from and after the issuiog of the patent for tbe•same, 
or any part thereof; and all lands so granted to such party 
ties, or which may be held to the use or for the benefit of 
such party or parties, at the expiration of ten vears from 
the date of the patent, shall be and become forféited to the 
United States. 
SEC. 8. and bc it further enacted, That the lands of the 
United States, for two hundred feet wide along the entire 
linc of said road or roads, shall be, and are hereby, set 
apart and dedicated as a highway for railway and telegraph 
purposes ; and the said party or parties may take any earth, 
gravel, stone, timber, or other necessary materials for the 
Construction of said roads or telegraph from any adjoin. 
ing lands of thc United States. All contracts made in pur- 
suance of this- act, tor the construction and keeping up of 
a railroad or roads, and telegraph line or lines, shall pro- 
vide for and require the railroad or railroads to be con- 
structed in a substantial, thorough, and workmanlikeman- 
ner, with ail necessary drains, culverts, bridges, viaducts, 
crossings, turnouts, sidings, stations, •.vatering places, and 
works of the road or roads, equal in atl respects to a road 
of the first class when prepared för business, with rails of 
the best quality, weighing not less than sixty-four pounds 
to the yard, and a uniforl)i gauge throughout the entire 
a telegraphic line of the most substantial and approved de- 
scription along the line of each road : Provided, They shall 
not charge the Government higher rates than they do indi- 
viduals tor like service. 
SEC. 9, and be it.further enacted, That the party or parties 
constructing or owning either of said roads may at any time 
construct one or more additional tracks along said routes 
within the two hundred ftet herein granted the right of 
way. Auti all connections with said road or roads shall be 
made under the dircction of the Legislatures of the States 
or Territories, respectively, in which the same shall be con- 
structed ; and no road shall be made in pursuance of this 
act in tbc State of California without the authority of the 
Legislature of that State, and then only by virtue of Ibe 
authority of such State. 
SEC. 10. wand be it further enacted, That whenever-the 
said road or roads shall be. surrendered to the United States, 
in pursuance of the provisions of this act and the contracts 
authorized by it, thereupon so much of said road or roads 
as may be within any of the States shall, with their assent, 
vest in and become the property of the State or States 
withih the limits of which the same may be located, subject 
to the use of the United States for postal, military, and all 
other Government service; and also subject to such regu- 
lations as.Congress may prescribe, restricting, the charge 
for transportation thereon. And att other States organized 
and admitted into the Union thereafter shall acquire the 
same rights, subject to like provisions and restrictions. 
Sec. II. and be it further enacted, That should the Sec- 
retary of War, Secretary of the Navy, Secretary of- the 
Interior, and the Postmaster General, under tbc first adver- 
lisement, fail to receive proposals, in coxnpliance witli the 
provisions of this act, for making all or either of said roads, 
it shall be the duty of the said Secretary to issue new ad- 
vertiselnents, in like Inanner, it)r new proposals, once in 
each ycar, until each of said railroads and telegraphic lines 
shall be put under contract, in pursuance of the provisions 
of this act, unless Congress shall otherwise order and direct. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, 1 
know that it is impossible, in the space of five 
minutes, to enter into a discussion of this Pacific 
railroad proposition; and therefore I do not in- 
I know that my amendment 
tend to attempt it. 
will be voted down. know further, that there 
is a majority in this House who are determined 
to pass the bill as the special committee have re- 
befOre -these '-majestic Nio+ks are; 
debt of 
Treasury is bankrupt; •when 'it-is noträble 
pay the pages- of this House; whew: it is;notablß 
to pay the members of 
able to pay a single debt ; against •it; 
financial embarrassments hang' 
the whole country; and- when your public.debtiö 
now over At such and under 
such circumstances, •you are about; •undermihe 
whip and spur •of the Previous question; 
through the House a bill involving this country 
finally in a debt of $300,000,000, or, perhaps; 
twice that amount ! 
I desire , Mr. Chairman , before. the vote istaként, 
that it shall go to the country *What my opinions 
are On this question, as a justification of the vote 
which I shall give. have always. been in 
favor of a; Pacific railroad. Nearly ten yearsagc, 
introduced a proposition -into this .Housec-and 
it is the ohly-meaSare for a Pacific railroad-th&t 
ever passed the House-—similar-to.the amendment 
which I now have the- honor? of presenting. 
Sir, I Vili vote for every reasonable Pioposition 
to build a singlé Pacific railroad acioss.%hs-conti- 
nent, but, so help me God, i will not," :now, or 
hereafter, vote to invokve the Government in this 
immense debt to build two railroads.across Lbe 
continent. 
(Here the bammer fell.] 
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Chairman, 1. should 
not have participated in this debate, but for a. re- 
mark which I heard fall from my friend from Cat- 
ifornia, [Mr. SCOTT,) who said, when- speaking 
of the bonds which one of these bilk proposes to 
issue, that xe were all to be responsible for them. 
Sir, know that it would be useless to debate this 
bill in this House, for its course has shown that 
it will not permit any rational discussion' of the 
principles of the bill; it hats shown. that it is de- 
termined to pass it under the lash andispur of the 
previous question, without hearing the merits of 
the bill or its constitutionality discussed. I know 
that there are gentlemen here, who, like my friend 
from California, believe that the bill ought to, be 
passed ; that itis constitutional, and that It is•prac- 
have •no dreams that this road would ever be corr- 
structed if youwere to pass twentybills, ahd with 
whom the whole subject is simply a foot-ball for 
parties in the game of President:making; and I 
would advise those gentlemen, before they pursue 
this game further, to inquire whether -they wiil 
ever have an opportunity of electing another Pres- 
ident. 
I return now to the remark of the gentleman 
from California, who says that we are all respons- 
ibie for these bonds. Who are " au P' Who are 
au ?" Why, sir, even while your bill is under 
debate, one of the sovereign States of this Con- 
federacy has, by the glorious act of her people, 
withdrawn, in vindication of her rights; from the 
Union, as the telegraph announced to us at half 
past one o'clock; and I havc to say:to the gentle- 
man-from California. and to the, House, that the 
people of Virginia—ninety-nine in a hundred-— 
believe this bill to. be unconstitutiöial, and' though , 
like mariners on thepointof shipwreck, you mav 
break into the store-room for the pufpose of plund- 
ering it, though you may squander the publiclands 
and attempt to increase the public debt, -it is my 
solemn belief that the people of Virginia, when 
my State takes that course which thc thronging 
evcots will lead her to take; will not hold them- 
selves responsible for the first cent of these bonds 
and appropriations. 
Here the hammer fell. 
The question was taken on Mr. Davrs's amend- 
ment to the amendment, and it was disagreed to. 
The question recurred upon acrreeing to the 
amendment as amended. 
The CHAIRMAN put the question, and stated 
that the noesappeared to have it ; butsubsequently 
corrected himself, and announced that the ayeshad 
it; and the amendment as amended was agreed to. 
offer this amendment only for the 
purpose of letting the country know what kind I Mr. CURTIS. 1 now move that the commit. 
of a Pacific railroad bill I itm willing to vote for. 
1 desire to say further, sir, that the which Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. 1 have an. 
has been brought in here, and which, under the other amendment to offer. 
II Mr. BARRET. I desire also-to offer an amend- 
whip and spur and gag of the previous question, 
will be passed through the House, without any ment. 
opportunity being afforded to those us who • The CHAIRMAN. The Chair state that 
the gentleman from Ohio oat'. SHERMAN] offered 
desire to propose amendments to it, will involve 
an amendment, in the nature of' a substitute, to 
, this country now in a debt of $96,000,000, and, 
