1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL 
completed; and if said road or branch is not completed 
within twenty years, no further sales shall be made, and 
the lands unsold shall revert to the United States. 
and be itfurthér enacted, That the United States mail 
shall be transported over said road and branch, and •all 
propertyor troops of the United States, under the, direction 
of Mie President of the United States, at such price or 
prices as Congress may- by law direct: Provided, That 
until such price or prices are fixed by law, the President 
sbafl have tho power to detennine the same. 
and be it further enacted, That in any case where the 
passengers and freight shall be greaterthan the transporting 
capacity of Lhe said road and bra-ncl!, thc Government shah 
have priority of right for all purposes of transportation. 
and be it further enacted, 'filhat the sixtcenth and thirty- 
sixth sections, within the boundaries heretotöre named, 
shall bc set apart and reserved for school purposes, which 
sball be exclusively app]iéd tar said purposes, and no other : 
Provided, That this clause shall not apply to the States 
and Territories where the said scctious have heretofore 
been set apart by any former act or acts. 
and be it further enacted, That the tennini of said road 
and branch shall be determined by the President of the 
United States, by and with the consent of the said States 
and 'Ilerritories, respectively, in which the termini of the 
said road or branch niay be. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. 1 have only 
a word to say, for 1 do not wish to occupy the 
time of the committee. The amendment which 
was proposed by the gentleman from Minnesota, 
to which I spoke some little time since, provided 
for money grants. This amcndmcnt provides 
simply for a grant of land. In conversation with 
gentlemen upon this floor, I do not find that any 
one denies the importancc of this route, and I 
now ask whether this House will not agree that 
there shall be a grant of land to aid in the con- 
struction of a road over this route? The amend- 
ment proposes ten sections to the mile. While 
you give land and money for the support ofa cen- 
tral and a southern route, I ask if you will refuse 
a grant of land for a northern route. 
Mr. CURTIS. I am opposed to the amend- 
ment of the gentleman from Washington, and ask 
for a vote upon it. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I propose to discuss 
that amendment. 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Iowa 
has already spoken in opposition, and no further 
debate is in order. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. well, sir, there 
never was, in the history of this Government, so 
gross an attempte ride over all the rights of the 
minority as has been shown to-day upon this bill. 
The floor is given to certain gentlemen for the ex- 
press purpose of preventing others from debate. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 call the gentleman from Vir- 
ginia to ordcr. 
The amendment to the amendment was dis- 
agreed to. 
The arnen dment, as amended , was then adopted. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the 
committee rise. 
Mr. SICKLES. I move to amend the 1110tion 
so as to provide that the committee rise, and re- 
port the bill to the House. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the 
gentleman that that will be the consequence of the 
motion of the gentleman from Virginia. 
SMITH, of Virginia. Oh, no, that was 
not my motion. 1 move simply that the commit- 
tee rise. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker, hav- 
ing resumed the chair, Mt. GROW reported that 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union liad, according to order, had the Union 
generally under consideration, and particularly 
the bill öf.the House (No. 701) granting lands in 
alternate "ctipns to aid in the construction of 
certain railwÄds in the Territory of Nebraska, 
and had insthcted him to report the same, with 
an amendment in the nature of a substitute, and 
with the recommendation that the bill, as amended, 
do pass. 
IVh•. CURTIS demanded the previous question 
upon the bill and amendment. 
The previous question was seconded; and the 
main question ordered to be' put. 
The amendment was concurred in. 
Tl'he bilk, as amended, was ordered to be en- 
grossed and read a third t'imc, and being en- 
grossed, was accordingly read the third time. 
Mr. CURTIS demanded the previous question 
on the passage of the bill. 
The previous question was seconded; and the 
main question ordered to be put. 
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays on 
thc passage of the bill. 
T hc yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. KUNKEL moved that the House adjourn. 
The motion was not agreed to. 
The Clerk then commenced. to call the roll. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I wish to hear that 
bill read. The confusion is so great that -it kim- 
possible to know what is going on. 
Several MEMBERS. Too late; there has been a 
response. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks if any 
gentleman demands that the bill shalt be4read•, he 
has the right to have it read. 
Mr. GROW. Not roll-call has com- 
menced. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the 
gentleman has the right to have the bill read. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. It is impossibleto 
know what is going on in this confusion. This 
bill provides, I believe, for the creation ofa pub-• 
lic debt amounting to and I wiH not 
cast' my vote upon it until can have the oppor- 
tunity of having it read, and understanding what 
its provisions are. 
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 move that the House ad- 
journ. 
The SPEAKER. No business has 
since the House voted upon that motion, and the 
Chair thinks it is not in order. 
Mr. HARDEMAN. 1 for the reading of 
the engrossed bill. 
The Clerk commenced to read the engrossed 
bill. 
Mr. PHELPS. This question will come up 
to-morrow first in order upon the meeting of the 
House; and as it will take some time to read the 
biil, I suggest that the House do now adjourn. 
[Cries of " Oh no; pass the bill E"] Very well, I 
will not make the motion. 
ENROLLED BILL. 
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on 
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex- 
amined and found truly-enrolled an act for the 
relief of William A. Linn's estate; when the 
Speaker signed the same. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, moved that the 
House adjourn. 
The motion was disagreed to. 
PACIFIC RAILROAD—AGAIN. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. well, now 1 hope 
the reading of the bill will be waived. It is true 
nobody knows what is in it; but a majority will 
vote for it whatever isin it, undoubtedly;. [Laugh- 
Mr. SINGLETON. 1 want the bill read; and 
unless the Clerk reads more distinctly than he 
has commenced to do, I shall insist on its being 
read over acrain. 
Mr. IV101iRIS, of Illinois. 
I move to lay the 
bill upon the table; and on that i call for the yeas 
and nays. 
Mr. GROW. That is not in order while the 
bill is being read. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I suppose it is use- 
less to keep the House here to hear the bill read, 
and I move that the reading be dispensed with. 
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 object. 
The Clerk then proceeded, and finished the 
reading of the bill. 
I now make the 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
motion that the whole subject be laid upon the 
table; and call for the yeas and nays upon the mb- 
tion. 
Mr. SICKLES. That motion is not in order. 
The Clerk had commenced the call of the roll, 
and responses had been made before the •reading 
of the bill was called for. 
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order. 
The Clerk will proceed .vith the call of the roll. 
The Clerk continued, and finished the call of 
the roll on the passage of the bill; and the vote 
was decided in the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 74; 
as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Allen, 
Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Babbitt, Barr, Barret, Bing- 
ham, Blair, Blake, Boteler, Brayton, Briggs, Bristow, Bur. 
finton, Burch, Burlingarne, Burnbam, Butterfield, Camp- 
bell, Carter, Case, John B. Clark, Clark B. Cochrane, John 
Cochrane, Colfax. Conkling, Corwrin, Covode, Cox,Jmnes 
Craig, Curtis, l)uéll, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Elibt, Eth- 
eridge, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Frank, Gonch, 
Grow, Gurley, Hale, H;uniiton, Hclmick, Hindman,Wiliiam 
floward, Humphrey, I•lutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. 
William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Larrabee, Lée, 
I Lootnis, Mallory, Charies D. Martin, McClernaod, Mc- 
Kean Moorhead, ud- 
ward hy Morris, Nelson, Porter; Quarlesj 
Robinson; •-SéOtt, 
Stratton; Taipan, TheakeF, 
Verree,- Wade, Cad•waIaaer.C.2- 
burne, Wilson, and Woodson—-95. 
NAYS—Messfs. C. 
dale, Deale; Boeocli, Brmich, 'Carey,' Hdräeé ? F. 
Clemens; Clopton; Cobb, Burton- Ctaige; 
Davis, Dawes, De Jarnette,-DeIab0, 
Farnsworth, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmcb.l&rdeman• 
rrson Harris', John T. Harris •Has-kin, Hill,'iloäm, itölma'n;; 
Houston, Jenkiins, -Jones, Bondium,- DeWitt C.i L,etwbi 
M. Le;i0h, Leake, Logan", unjeri Måy- 
nard, McPherson, Millson, Sydehhmn Moore, MdriilT,'- 
Isaac N. Morris, Peyton,_ Phelps, 
Potter,- Reagan„ Riggs,r-Rust, Simnis, Singleton,. William 
Sinith, William•N. H. Smith, Spinner, Stallworth,St.even- 
son, Stokes,- Taylor, Thomas, Vance, 
Windom,.Winslow, and Wright 
—74. 
So the bill was passed. 
During the call of the troll, 
Mr. STEVENSON- stated that. Mr; 
had paired with Mr.. GRAEAM' 
Mr. DAVIS, of: Mississippi„stated that he-had 
paired with Mr. HALL on this void; 'otherwise, 
he should vote " no." 
Mr. FRENCH announced that he -had paired' 
with MI', CRAWFORD. 
Mr. HATTON stated that paired with 
Mr. ALLEY. 
Mr. HUGHES said •he had consented to pair 
with Mr. MO!CNIGHT, who was detained from the 
House by a severe domestic affiction. 
Mr. TAPPAN stated that Mr. •MARSTON was 
confined to his room by sickness. 
Mr. HIN DMAN announced thepair of Messrs. 
POTTLE and PRYOR. 
Mr. REAGAN announced the pair of Messrg, 
McRAE, and ROBINSON of Illinois. 
Mr. WHITELEY said that Mr. 
confined to his room bv indisposition. 
Mr. DAWES stated* that Mr. 
KUNKEL. had paired; otherwise -Mr. TRAIN would 
have voted in the amrmative. 
Mr. BURNHAM stated that Mr. WOODRUFF, 
was confined to his room by sickness. 
Mr. SLANDRUM said- that in ordinary 'times 
he would have voted for this bill; but he deemed 
this an improper time for this Government to 
assume any obligations which it could ,possibly 
avoid. He should therefore vote no." 
The vote was announced as above recorded. 
Mr. CURTIS moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay 
the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
Mr. CURTIS moved the title of the 
bill, so as to make it read as follows: 
An act to secure contracts and make provision to} the 
satk% certain, and speedy transportation, by railroad, of the 
mails, troops, munitions of war, and the mil_itary and naval 
stores of the Government, between the Atlantic States and 
the Pacific, and for other purposes. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The title as amended was agreed to. 
Mr. CURTIS mtved to reconsider-the vote by 
which the title was adopted; and also moved, to 
lay t_he motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
ADJOURNMENT OVER. 
Mr. LEAK E. I rise to a privileged question. 
I submit,the following resolution: 
ResoZoed, That when this House adjourns on to-morrow, 
the 21st instant, it, with the consent of the Senate, adjourn 
to mept on Mönday, the 31st instant. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me say to the 
man that I am informed that the Senate has just 
voted down such a resolution. 
Mr. LEAKE. That will not prevent their 
agreeing to this resolution,which simply provides 
for the adjourn Inent of the House. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am aware of that, but 1 
think the House had better follow the of 
the Senate. 
The resolution was disagreed to. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Imove that 
when the House adjourns it adjoum to meet on 
Monday next. 
Mr. PHELPS called for tellers on the motiot. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. BURNHAM 
and BRIGGS were appointed. 
The quest-ion' was taken, and it was decided in 
the affrmative—ayes seventy-eight," a further 
count not being demanded. 
So the motion was adopted. 
