172 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 21, 
UNION. 
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consent, submitted 
the following resolution; which was referred to 
the select committee of thirty-three: 
Resolved, That any adjustment of the pending dificul- 
ties between the slaveholding and non-slaveholding States 
should provide for the effectual execution of the second 
section of'the fourth article of the Constitution, by the en- 
actment ofsuch laws as will secure to the citizens of each 
State protection their personS while traveling or sojourn- 
ing In the several States, except för acts which would not 
be lawfyl if done by citizens of the State in which they are 
80 traveltn; or #0journing. 
And then, on motion ofMr. KUNKEL, (at ten 
minutes after five o'clock,) the House adjourned 
until Monday next. 
IN SENATE. 
FRIDAY, December 21, 1860. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of yesterday ',vas read and approved. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- 
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, com- 
municating, in obedience to law, the annual state- 
ment prepared by the Second Comptroller of the 
Treasury, showing balances of appropriations 
standing upon the books of that office to the credit 
of that Department, on the 1st of July, 1859; the 
amounts appropriated by Congress for the service 
of the fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1860, includ 
ing repayments and transfers of appropriations; 
and the aggregate amounts applicable to the ser- 
vice of that fiscal year; also, the amounts drawn 
frorn those appropriations, or carried to the sur- 
plus fund, from July 1, 1859, to the 30th of June, 
1860, und the balances rcmaining in the Treasury 
at the last named date; which was ordered to be 
laid on the table. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of the Lake 
Pass Turnpike Company, of Placer cot.tn ty, Cali- 
fornia, praying the right of way through the pub- 
lic 
lands; ',vhich was referred to thc Committee 
on Public Lands. 
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of William 
WhecleP'Hubbell, of Pennsylvania, praying pro- 
tection of rights in slave property in South Car- 
olina, und the adoption of incasurcs su«crested for 
the peace and stability of the Union; which was 
referred to the select committee of thirteen, ap- 
pointed under the resolution of Mr. POWELL, 
which was ad0F)ted on the 18th instant. 
Mr. JOHNSON , of Arkansas, presented 
from the acting Secretary of the Interior to the 
chairman of the Committee on Public lands, rec- 
ommending an appropriation for clerk hire, onice 
rent, fuel, &c., for the land offcc at Kickapoo, 
Kansas; which was referred, with the accompa- 
n Ying papers, to thc Connniltee on Pul)lic Lands. 
Mi•. RICE Ijresentcd tbc petition of Peter 
Qt_lin.n, pray incr for a horse lost in 
the public service under command of Major J. C. 
Pem borton, of the (Jnited States Arn•w; which 
was rcfcrrcd, with the accompanying papers, to 
the Comrnittec on Military Affairs and Militia. 
KING presented the petition of H. 
Bacon, owner of the Canadian or British schooner 
Pcrscvecancc, praying for re"ister for that 
schooner; which •xvas referred to the Committee 
on Commerce. 
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of Wil- 
liam L. S. Dcaring, praying payment for fut•hish- 
ing horses and equipage for a company of Ten- 
nessee volunteers for the Florida war in 1837; 
which was referred to the Committee on Military 
Affairs and Müitia. 
• Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Isaac 
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue 
a register to the schooner Perseverance, of Ogdens- 
burg, State of New York; which was read twice 
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Com- 
merce. 
Me. SLIDELL asked,.and by unanimous con- 
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 
525) to release from reservation for live-oak pur- 
poses, and to authorize the safe of Pecan Island, 
In the State Qf Louisiana; which was read twice 
by its title, and referred to the Committee on 
Private Land Claims. 
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous 
consent obtained, leave to introducc a bill (S. 
No. 526) for the payment of expenses incurred 
in the suppression of Indian hostilities in the 
State of California; which was read twice by its 
title, and referred to the Committee on Indian 
Affairs. 
BILL RECOMMITTED. 
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, it was 
Ordered, That the bill (H. R. No. 127) for the relief of 
O. T. D. Fairbanks, Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific Mail 
Steamship Company, reported upon adversely on the 8th 
of June, 1860, be recommitted to the Comrnittee on Indian 
A ffairs. 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. POWELL. Upon the announcement of 
the committee of thirteen yesterday, the Senator 
from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] was excused from 
serving on that committee, and I understand that 
the Vice President thinks he has of himself no 
power to fill the vacancy. I therefore move that 
the Vice President be requested to fill the vacancy 
caused by the excusing of the Senator from Mis- 
sissippi. 
The motion was agreed to. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
Speaker of thc House had signed a bill (S. No. 
518) the relief of William A. Linn's estate; 
which thereupon received the signature of the 
Vice President. 
BECOME A LAW. 
The message further announced that the Pres- 
ident of the United States approved and signed, 
on the 17th instant, an act (1--1. R. No. 863) to 
authorize the issue of Treasury notes, and for 
other purposes. 
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC. 
During the consideration of Senate bill No. 377, 
a mcssagc from the House of Representatives, by 
Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the House 
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 701) 10 secure con- 
tracts, and makc provision for the safe, certain, 
and more speedy transportation, by railroad, of 
mails, troops, munitions of -war, military, and 
naval stores, bctwecn the Atlantic States and those 
of the Pacific, and for other purposes, in which 
the concurrencc of the Senate was requested . 
Mr. GWIN. the senator from Mary- 
land. will permit me to interrupt the procceding on 
his bill for a moment, to ask that tbe bill which 
hus just cozne fron) the House may be taken up 
and n')adQ110 special order for next Monday week 
one o'clock. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FITZPAT- 
nrcK in the chair.) 
It can only be done by unan- 
imous consent at the present stage of business. 
The Chair hears no 012jection. 
Mr. GWJ.N. 1 now that bill be made 
the special order för next Monday week. 
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask whether the bill 
should not first be. referred to a committee, and 
rcported back to the Senate ? 
Mr. GWIN. There is no standing committee 
to which it can be referred. There have been 
Beeson, praying that immediate attention may bc 
. sovora! special conmnittces on the subject; and I 
the report of the Indian Cotpmissionel, 
m ven 
which affn•ms that, in consequence of the drought hope the Senate will permit the bill to be made 
the special order for the day which I have indi- 
last sunonlf_n• and tho consequent failure of crops, 
I catcd. 
many of the Indians will perish by starvation 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has 
unless aided by the Government; and also pray- 
i:ag that no more territorial governments Inay be not been read. 
It must first be read. 
The bill was read the first time by its title: A 
until the Indians are satisfactorily pro- 
bill (H. R. No. 701) to secure contracts, and make 
vided för, with homes adapted to their transition 
provision tör the safe, certain, and [nore speedy 
state; which ',vas referred to the Committee on 
Indian Affairs. 
BILLS INTRODUCED. 
tansportation, by railroad, of mails, troops, muni- 
tions of war, military and naval Stores, between tbc 
Atlantic States and those of the Pacific, and for 
Mr. KING asked, and by unanimous consent other purposes. 
obtained, leave to introduce a bii] (S. NO. 524) MI'. BRAGG. J think that is a bill of too much 
importance to be made a special order of this 
body; and at a periop of time so ncar at händ, par- 
ticularly at this season of the year, when many 
Senators are going home, without its being re- 
ferred. I understand that the Senator from Mis- 
sissippi made a motion to refer it. 
1 •was on 
feet for the purpose of making the saine motion. 
I understand that the biil involves a very large 
amount of expenditure on the part of the Gov- 
ernment—something like $100,000,000 to begin 
with. I have not had an opportuhity to read the 
bill myself, and 1 really think it ought to be re- 
ferred, either to some standing committee of the 
It is a matter of 
body, or to a select committee. 
too much importance to be hurried through this 
body in this way. 
Mr. G WIN. I will statc to the Senator from 
North Carolina that my object is -not to hurry it 
through the Senate. Being a House bill, it is 
printed, as• a matter of course. 
I named next 
Monday week in order that there might be full 
and ample time to examine it. 
It is well known 
to thc Senate that there are bills for this purpose 
now on the Calendar of the Senate that have been 
elaborately considered by select committees of 
this body. Six select conm•ittees have been ap-. 
pointed by the Senate, who have reported bills, 
all of which are on our files. This bill has been 
elaborated by a special committee of the other 
House, and passed that body yesterday; and I 
am sure no committee this House could appoint 
could prepare the bill more elaborately and care- 
fully than the bill I now propose to make the spe- 
Cial order has been prepared. There are many 
similar bills already on the files of the Senate. 
There will be ample opportunity offered for dis- 
cussion; so far as I am concerned, I shall not in- 
terpose any objection to the full consideratiön of 
it. 
I hope Senators will not object to making it 
the special order. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 wish thc Senator from. 
California would name Tuesday week, instead 
of Monday week. 
Mr. FOO'i' and others. That is New Year'S 
day. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 had forgotten that. say 
Wednesday week, so that we may have a full 
Senate'. 
Mr. G WIN. I am willing to name Wednes- 
day week. 
I hope Senators will not object to 
Mr. BRAGG. Which motion will have pre- 
cedence—a motion to refer or motion to make 
the bill a special order? 
The PRESIDING'OFFICER. A to 
refer. 
Mr. BRAGG. With the view of testing the 
sense of the Senate, I move that it be referred to 
a special committee, to be appointed by the Pre- 
siding Offcer. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will 
now have its second reading, unless objected to 
with a view to reference. 
The bill was read the second time by its title. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the sen- 
ator from North Carolina indicate the number of 
the committee he proposes to raise ? 
Mr. BRAGG. say five. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope not. 
I hope the friends 
of the Pacific railroad will not refer it, but m.vill 
keep it before the Senate. 
The motion to refer was not agreed to. 
Mr. GWIN. Now move that th bill bc 
made thespecial ord6r for next Wednes ayweek, 
the 2d of January, at onc o'clock. 
The motion was agreed to. 
RAILROAD CONNECTION AT WASHINGTON. 
'llhc PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no 
other memorials or reports from committees to 
present, the Chair will announce, as first in order, 
the bill (S. No. 112) to further carry out the pro- 
visions of the fifteenth section of the treaty be- 
tween the United States and Mexico, concluded 
on the 2d day of February, 1848. 
Mr. KENNEDY. If there is nothing else be- 
fore the Senate, I move to take up the bill which 
was set for half past twelve o'clock to-day. 
The njotion was agreed to; and the Senate, as 
in Committee of the Whole, resurned the consid- 
eration of the bill to authorize the Baltimore and 
Ohio Railroad Company to extend the -Washing- 
ton branch of their road to the Potomac river, 
I and across the. same by an extension of the prcs- 
