174 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 21, 
bring this extension under the same restrictions, 
rights, and privileges, upon which the company 
now operates its road within the limits of this 
District. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It refers to acts that have 
been passed by Congress, I suppose. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Of course—the existing 
laws that Control the road herc now, as this is a 
mere extension of it. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. lthink, then,there should 
be an amendment. 
I would suggest to thc Sena- 
tor from Maryland that, after all, his explanation 
is notquite satisfactory. It will be observed that 
the language is, thc G' tn•ivilccres" which " have 
heretofore been,granted " " by the act to which this 
is a supplement, and the supplement thereto." 
Now, the title of the bill refers to nothing, that I 
,can perceive—to no other act. 'This is the first 
reference to any other act. We ail understand 
that remarkable privileges were granted to this 
company by the Legislature of Maryland; and it 
may bc that the former acts of Congress refer to 
them. 1 think the Senator, to make it satisfac- 
tory, should insertsomc words by which it should 
have some reference by way of amendment to the 
acts that have heretofore been passed by Congress 
in relation to this road. 
Mr. KENNEDY. have no objection to that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Chair will 
stat.b to the Senator from Maine that it would not 
"bc in order, at this stage of the proceedings, to 
offer an amendment. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would be an amend- 
ment to an amendment. 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Thereisalready 
an amendment, and an amendment to the amend- 
ment; and a further amendment would not be in 
order. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. My suggestion is an 
amendment to the amendment, before we have 
finally passed on it. We have already made one 
amendment to it, and, I take it, there is no ob- 
jection, in point of form, to making another. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen- 
ator send up his amendment? 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir. 
It is, after the 
word " granted," to insert the words " by Con- 
gress;" 
so as to read, " heretofore granted by 
Congress. 
'II-he amendment to thc amendment was agrecd 
to; and the amend ment, as amended, was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amond- 
ment of the Senator frorn Penisylvania [Mr. 
CAMERON] is nosv in order, which he sent up to 
the Chair before. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 the Senator from 
Pennsylvania will waive that at present. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 waive it. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. * 1 move to reconsider the 
votc by which the first tunendme.lit of the com- 
milt.er•.' was adopted. It passed my ob- 
I wish to state a sil')gle objection to it. 
servat.)on. 
'l'he motion to reconsider was agreed to; and 
the question recurred 01k agreeing to the 
ment, which was, to insert the words " or other 
suitable 
" pile " and " structure.' 
between 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It 
tile amendment to inscrt t.hc words " or other 
suitable." Now, I have understood—it has bccn E 
urged to me as an arcrun-nent by this coynpany— i 
that the design was simply to erect a pile struc- ! 
ture, which would not offer any additional serious 
obstruction to navigation or create any very great 
difficulty, and which could be removed if neces- 
Bary without very much trouble. By the inser- 
tion of these words, however, 
or other suita- 
be," you will authorize the company to build a 
solid stone. bridge there, if they see fit, which is 
different entirely from the suggestion that was 
made to rne, on the subject. Now, sir, i want to 
know whether the counpany design an v such thing. 
interfere in any way whatever with the rights of 
other corporations or other roads; nor do I want 
to take advantage of anybody by these words, 
and I am perfectly 
" or other suitable structure;" 
willing myself that the. gentleman shall word the 
clause in his own terms. The only object we. 
have is to «et across the river, and connect with 
the continuous line of railroads that runs all the 
way to New Orleans, and to do it safely. 1 am 
perfectly willing that this bridge shall be' built 
with such guarantees and restrictions in regard to 
the draw, and all other matters connocted with it, 
as may suit all parties who have any opposition 
to it. rl'he main objection to this bridge •has been 
urged heretofore from Georgetown. Their ob- 
jection has been based upon the idea that the pile 
bridge that stands there now has so greatly ob- 
structed the navigation of the river that the com- 
naerce of Georgetown has been destroyed by it. 
That is not so. All the reports from the topo- 
graphical department, since 1804 to the present 
time, go to prove the fact that the navigation of 
the river has been ilnproved by it. This day the 
water in that channel stands deeper than it did 
before that causeway and bridge were built. The 
evidence is all here before mg. 1 am perfectly 
willing, however, to agree to the Senator's prop- 
osition, if he wants to put in any definitc or spe- 
cific plan for building this bridge. Ali that we 
want is the right of way across. You may give 
it with such checks and guards as you please. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not 
understand me. I do not feel disposed to discuss 
the question of the effect that has been produced 
by the former bridge, or what effect will be pro- 
duced by the new one. I only say that there has 
been a question which has continued for some 
period of time, whether the present bridge should 
If you grunt this privilege to this 
rernam or not. 
company of such a suitable structure as 
they may deem proper, the result is that that 
question is deterrnined•, because they may put 
down a bridge which, froni its very nature and 
character, cannot be retnoved at all; and the ques- 
tton with regard to a solid, 
permanent bridge over 
the Potomac river at that l.)lace will be precluded 
forcver by the very character of the erection itself. 
Now, I want the Senate to understand ivhat the 
question is. If they are disposed to vote forcon- 
tinuing this structure, very well. 
I have always 
been opposed to it. Strike out the words now 
proposed to be insert.ed, and the company can 
erect a pile. bridge to answer their purposes, which 
is the ordinary bridge. 
Mr. KENNEDY. say such suitable 
ture as shall be approved by the Commissioner 
of Public Buildings," or any other governmental 
authority that rutty be named. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not save the 
question. You must nmnc the kind of bridge, 
and that was done by the committee originally. 
Mr. KENNEDY. well, strike out those 
words. 
Mr. YULEE. 1 hope that no amendmentwill 
be made which may render valueless this bill. If 
a majority of the Seriatc are in favor of allowing 
the connection bet.ween the roads in Virginia and 
Maryland, i hope that the bill which provides for 
that connectio•n will be in such shape as will sc- 
still secure and economical enough to permit its 
being made. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow 
me to ask him whether the bridge he speaks of 
will cost as much as a solid stone masonry struc- 
Mr. YULEE. 1 cannot say. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very easy for any- 
body to answer. The expense does not stand in 
the way. 
Mr. YULEE. The diffcult.y would be, that at 
one part of the river they might safely use piles, 
and at other parts stone structure would be requi- 
site; but under the amendment as now proposed, 
they would be obliged to use piles altogether; and 
inasmuch as the ordinary wooden pile would rict 
answer the purpose, it would have to be pneu- 
matic piles all the way across, which would bo 
extremely expensive. I cannot say exactly what 
the cost of one pile is; bat I think some ten or 
fifteen thousand dollars. 
Mr. DAVIS. More than that. 
Mr. YULEE. More than that each pile. 
Mr. MASON. if it is intended, Mr. Presi- 
dent, to connect this line of communication, North 
and South, by a bridge across the Potomac river, 
I suggest to the Senator who offered the amend- 
ment, and to the Senate generally,- whether it 
would not be unwise to restrict the company in 
such manner as might really either disable them 
from doing the work, or compel them to make it 
so incomplete and destructive as to last buta very 
short time. Now, to build a railroad or viaduct 
across that river will be a very important and ex- 
pensive undertaking. The river there, I suppose, 
must beat least a mile, or more than a mile, wide. 
We all know that, in the freshets in the early 
sprincr, coming down with immense bodies of ice, 
thcsc structures arc very seriously endangered, 
and more than once they have been carried away. 
I presume, therefore, that the best engineering 
skill will be called in aid by the company to see 
that it is properly done. 
Now, the amendment which was proposed from 
the committee leaves it discretionary with tho 
company to rnake it a pile bridge, " or other suit- 
able structure.' 
The Senator from Maine pro- 
poses to strike out those words, and to limit-Ehern 
to a pile bridge. have very little knowledge of 
encrincering; but I have some knowledge of tho 
force of this river when it has the freshets in the 
sprincr with the great tnasses of ice which are 
brought down vainst anv structure in it; and I 
think it would be unwise," therefore, if we intend 
to enable them to make this connection, which is 
really a very important one, to disable them in 
effect by restricting them as to the mode in which 
it shall be done. 
The Senator says that if these words " or other 
suitable structure" are left in the bill, it will bo 
in their power to put so solid a work there as to 
be unsusceptible thereafter of being removed, if 
it should be contemplated at a future day to make 
a very solid structure for a highway as well as 
railroad. Well, a very solid structure, I suspect, 
will bc put there, if it is necessary to effect the 
object of connecting the two roads; but it will be 
no mpre solid than will be necessary to effect the 
objects of the company to make a permanent 
cure us the advantage designed by the proposed I j bl*dgc. The bili guards what is really the im- 
I apprehend that a difliculty, which portant matter; for it provides that no matter what 
legislation. 
may defeat the purpose of tl)is bill, will grow out structure is there, it shali have the necessary fa- 
of' the amendment proposed by the Senator from for keeping open navigationby draws, &c. 
Maine, and wliich I find my friend from Mary- In the present bridge, Which I have been familiar 
land disposed to adopt. A wooden pile bridge, 
with for a great many years, many Senators may 
I fear, would not have the strength and solidity know there is a causeway, probably one fourth 
necessary to make a safe structure for thepassage 
the distance of the bridge, running from the Dis- 
trict side over to the Virginia shore—a permanent 
across the river, especially in seasons of the year 
when very large drifts of ice are moving down 
causeway of carth and stone—which obstructs 
the river. A phcumatic pile bridge would bc 
the tide and the flow of the water, not iniuriouslY 
strong ehough, but it would be exceedingly ex- 
at all, for it is built near the shore, and, 
lacts 
If not, they may confine themselves, f apprehend, pensive to cross that wido river with pneumatic where it does not affect the navigation; 
and bc- 
pro- piles; and I apprehend that the cost of crossing yond that the whole structure is upon piles. Now, 
vision vyvhic,h was inserted by the committee, on 
the statement, as I understood, of the persons 
who appeared on behalf.of the company. It will 
bc scen manifestly that, if these words be inscrtcd 
and this act be passed, this company will have 
authority to put down a solid stone structure, 
sirn ply leaving draws, as in thc ordinary case, for 
I should be opposed to 
the of vessels. 
that in the present state of things there. hope, 
thereforc, the amendment will not be adopted. 
Mr. KENNEDY 1 have no desire at to 
on pneumatic piles would probably defeat the what this railroad company may contemplate I 
do not know. 
purpose of the bill, and defeat the construction, 
i should presume, however, that 
for the same reason that a construction by the the structure which iS already there, would be 
way of Georgetown is prevented, because the cost the best guide for our Government. They may 
is beyond the. advantage to the companies on design, and probably do, merely to enlarge that 
I hope, therefore, that causeway, to widen it, so as to give them a 
whom it will bc thrown. 
if a wooden pile bridge is not found to be a suff- breadth there for their railroad. 
ciently safe and strong structure, the bill will open i Mr. KENNEDY. I can say to the Senator 
to the parties who arc to construct the crossing that that is their view; to build a bridge alongside 
the privilege of making it in some other form, as of thc present onc on piles. 
little obstructive to navigation as possible, but II Mr. MASON. I should suppose it was. Now, 
