176 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
December 21. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairdid 
not.so understand the result; but the fact is that 
very few Senators voted on either side, and the 
Chair will-put the question again. The question 
is on agreemg to the amendment reported by the 
committee which has been. reconsidered. 
Thc amendment was rejected. 
Mr., FESSENDEN. 1 move to amend by 
ing to the first section: 
a-nd ero•üidcd further, That from and after the accept.. 
ance ot the privileges conferred by this act, the property of 
the said corhpany within the District of Colutn>ia shah be 
subject to taxation as real estate, in the same manner and 
to thc same extent as the real estate of individuals, e.xcept.- 
ing, however, the road. bed of the said coinpany within said 
Dtstrict. 
I will state the grounds upon which I offer the 
amendment. I do it f the request of certain gen- 
tlemen connected with the city corporation here. 
I understand that when the original charter was 
granted by Maryland to this company, there was 
an exemption from taxation, in consideration of 
the tact that a certain sum was levied upon each 
passenger for the benefit of the State of Mary- 
land—fifty cents, I think, on a person passing 
through the State—and which was in full of all 
taxes and assessments whatever. When Con- 
gress passed the bill allowing the road to be ex- 
tended into the District of Columbia, there was a 
clause in it which gave the right to the company 
upon the same terms with their original charter. 
I understand that the attention of the offcers of 
the road was called to it at the time and the an- 
swer was made, that they did not irhend to avail 
themselves of that exemption here in the District 
of Columbia; but, as a matter of fact, they have 
objected, and all their property of every kind and 
description in the District of Columbia, including 
their valuable real estate, is holden free from as- 
sessments for the support of the governmen t here, 
to which other property is subject. I suspect that 
it is the only instance of the kind on record. The 
property of these corporations, the real estate 
especially, is always considered as fit for taxation, 
like all other property. It will be at once per- 
ceived that it has the benefit of the protection of 
the City, of the police ot• the city—such protection 
as it n-nty afford; and il has all the other privi-legcs 
that are cointnon to other property in the city. 
Now, is there any reason in the world why this 
large and valuable property of the Baltimore and 
Ohio Railroad Corn pany within the District of 
Columbia should not pay its proportion to the 
support of the several items of nhumcipal expense 
like other property? I can sec none; and i think 
now, when we are grunting them additional priv- 
ileges in this city—the privilege to pass across it 
and to pass across the river within the, District— 
they should subject themselves willingly to what 
all other companies of the same character are 
subjected to; pay their proportion of taxation 
according to the 
property that they hold within 
the limits of' the District, for municipal purposes; 
and I have moved the amendment for the purpose 
of effect.ii')g that object. 
It strikes me as emi- 
nently proper. 
Mr. MASON. The effect of the amendment, 
I understand, will be not only to subject to ulxva- 
tion this new structure that this company will 
make. through the city of Washington, but to 
subject to taxation their present property within 
the' District, which, I understand, is not now sub- 
ject to taxation, 
MI'. FESSENDEN. Certainly; that is my 
purpose. 
Mr. MASON. 1 would ask the honorable 
Senator if that right or privilege is asked for by 
the city of VVashington ? 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 said that 1 offered the 
amendment at the request and suggestion of some 
gentlemen who are members of the city corpora- 
It was suggested to me by the Mayor of 
tion. 
Washington this morning, and it had been before. 
Mr. MASON. 1 did not know how that fact 
was. I do not know anything about the previ- 
ous legislation on this subject; but I had pre- 
sumed that if the city of Washington allowed the 
railroad company to make its present structures 
within the city limits without at that time asking 
that they should be subject to taxation, it must 
have been upon some arrancrement or actual com. 
pact between them, tacit, if not express. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was stated to me, as 
I said, that at the time when the original act was 
under consideration to allow them to extend their 
road into this District, this objection was made is a mere branch, small ih extent, small in its 
and pointed out to the omcers of the company, it 
being said to them that they were not -subject to 
taxation in Maryland, and. that by the terms of 
the act all their property- here would be holden 
from taxation. The answer was, that that 
might be so; but that they did not intend to avail 
themselves of that privilege within the District. 
But after the act X,vent into operation—and it is 
in accordance, of course, with the proceedings of 
all companies in like cases—when the attempt 
was made to subject them to assessment, then 
the legal objection was made; and from that time 
to the present they have paid nothing. Now, it 
is manifest to my mind that all the property OF 
this company ought to be taked just like all prop- 
erty of olbcr corporations and of individuals. No 
consideration w!latever is received by this city 
more than is received by other cities in like cases. 
Mr. MASON. The informant of the honorable 
Senator, whoever he was, meant, of course, to 
ascribe bad faith to the company. Now, Irave 
hardly a personal acquaintance with any member 
of the coinpany that I know of, and no other feel- 
ing than a desire to facilitate this connection; but 
submit to the Senate and to that Senator, whether, 
upon loose and informal conversations in that way 
with gentlemen who are members of the City 
Councils, or whoeverthey are, it would be respect- 
ful or respectable in us necessarily to ascribe bad 
faith to & companyin which I doubt not there are 
men of as high character as are to be found in the 
country. If 'they did plant their public works 
within the city of Washington with an exemption 
from taxation under existing laws in Maryland, 
statino• at the same time that they would not avail 
themselves of that exemption, and afterwards did, 
there was not only bad faith but mendacity. Now 
I can hardly conceive that if the city of Wash- 
ington designed or desired to tax that property, 
if it was a greater object to the city to tax it than 
to have the benefit of its presence and the terminus 
of the road here at thut time, they would have 
been content with loose con versation. 
I am sure 
the Senator frotn Maine would not have been; I 
um sure I would not have been. Men arc not 
accustomed to transact important business in that 
loose manner, subject to the caprices, or subject 
to the improprieties, as it n'HIY be, of one of the 
parties. 
know nothing aboul the facts; but I 
can hardly conceive it, possible thata railroad com- 
pany, with a law that exempted them from tax- 
ation, could have satisfied the authorities of the 
city of Washington that they did not mean to avail 
themselves of the privilege of that law. These 
loose and informal conversations are Inore apt to 
rnislead than to enlighten judgments. 
This Flew structure that the company are to 
make wili be one, doubtless, of very great cx- 
pense; because they are to tunnel through the 
Capitol Hill under some of the streets, and they 
are to make an erection across the river. The 
increased emolument they will derive from that 
portion of the road will be véry little in propor- 
tion to the expenditure; and now, to avail our- 
selves of their request, to extend the of tux- 
alion over property now exempt from taxation,- 
would be burden that [ should think they could 
hardly bear. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not consider 
it ma- 
terial ut all, whether therc was this bad faith or 
not. It ',vas to rne as an explanation of the 
It is very clear, therc is no dispute about 
matter. 
the tact that they are not now subject to taxation. 
If that is so, it appears t') me just and reasonable 
that they should be. If I have been misinformed 
in any particular—and I have not looked at the 
acts—of course what I have said will go for noth- 
i ing. i shali be very happy to be corrected, if I 
am in error at all; 
but if the fact is that this large 
amount of property in this city is not subject to 
assessment for taxes at this time, and no consid- 
eration has been paid for the exemption, I think 
on every principle it should be subject to taxa- 
tion; and therefore 1 shall insist on the amend- 
ment, unless gentlemen can give a better explan- 
ation than f have heard. 
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose the connection of the 
Baltimore and Ohio railroad, through the city of 
Washington, with the great system of southern 
roads, is to the advantage of other persons rather 
than of the company. it is well known that the 
great capital of that company is invested in the 
Baltimore and Ohio road. The road to this city I 
amount of business compared with the other; and 
the connection of that branch with the system (.)f 
southern roads is to the advantage of other people 
ratherthan of the company; and any incumbrance, 
either by -taxation in the District or by any oner- 
ous. requirement as to how the connection shall 
be formed, may deter the company from the un- 
dertaking. 1 think the connection of this vacant 
link of great importance to others; of some im- 
portance to the company certainly, or they would 
not undertake it; but only important when every 
facility is afforded to them to enable them to make 
I regret, therefore, 
it at the smallest expense. 
that any condition should be imposed upon them 
in relation to the bridge, other than such as was 
necessary to secure the navigation. The remarks 
of the Senator from Maine, so far as they were 
directed to the public question of the navigation 
of the river, thought entirely correct; and I con- 
curred with him in all his remarks so far as they 
tended to that result. Beyond that, I do not see 
why we should engage in the question' of the 
i bridge. The railroad company have an interest 
in making the best bridge they can afford to build. 
A bridge which resists the ice, and which bears 
the sudden concussion of the track runnino• over 
it, rnust be a peculiar structure. 
If they avail 
themsel ves of the present causeway for the greater 
portion of the. bridge, the remainder of it must be 
constructed upon a plan which will serve the pur- 
pose of the railroad company; and if we impose 
the restriction that it shall not interfere with the 
navigation of the river, I think we do all that the 
public interests require. 
I will say here that I 
have known no occasion in which Congress have 
u l')dcrtaken to interfere with an engineöring ques- 
tion, to direct how any engineerinff problem 
should be solved, that they have not done mischief 
and mischief only; and I Should be glad on this 
occasion if we would simply allow this company 
to construct the ccmnection of their branch with 
the southern roads, svithout throwincr in any hin- 
drance, either in the form of taxation or in direc- 
tions as to thc enffineering problem of how they 
shall cross the river. 
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, 1 am sur- 
prised that there should be any objection to pay- 
Ing this tax to the city of Washington. This is 
the most profitable piece of railroad in the United 
States—forty miles of railroad on which the charge 
s $1 50. They pay say fifty 'cents of that to the 
Slate of Maryland; but one dollar is the highest 
price paid for traveling the sarne distance on any 
road north of this. The road is constantly crowded 
Wilh passemrers,and so profitable is it, that within 
a month [ will guaranty to find a company who 
will make a road alongside of it, and who will 
agree to pay taxation on all their property, and 
give you a bonus besides, if you wish. The truth 
is that there is business enough for two roads here. 
This is a close corporation, N.vhich has been man- 
a•ing its affairs entirely for its own benefit. 'I'he 
Senator from Maryland believes those gentlemen 
are not anxious to make the connection. Ele tells 
us every now and then that if we do not hurry up 
and give them this privilege, they will make their 
arrancrcments to go around the town. I an') not 
in favor of their going through this town unless 
they do it to the satisfaction of the citizens of 
Washington and of Georgetown. 
The Senator from Maryland said, a little while 
ago, that the channel above this bridge was deeper 
now than ever before. That is probably true;.but 
the reason for it is, that the city of Georgetown 
paid, during the last summer, more than ten thou- 
sand dollars for deepening the channel and remov- 
ing the deposits which have been made there in 
consequcncc of this bridge, as they say. A large 
portion of the citizens here say that this new road 
is to bc an injury to them. They have nobody 
in this House or the other to represent their 
wishes; but it is the duty of Congress to take 
care of their interests. I believe that this company 
should be willing to pay these taxes. They ought 
to do it. They have possibly $300,000 worth of 
property in this town. I do not know how much 
It is; but I presume it is that much at least. The 
taxation which is charged property-holders here 
I understand is sixty cents on the $100. That 
rate on $300,000 would give $18,000 a year—a 
sum of money srnall, probably, to the company, 
but which would be very large and useful to the 
people of this city. There is no reason why a poor 
