1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
183 
nouncing that the House had passed the follow- 
to which he was entitled, have had the same un- 
der examination, and do not find. the petitioner in'? resolution: 
suslaincd by the service and facts existmg at the 
time, and -thcreforc make an adverse report. 
The report was ordered- to lie on thc table. 
PACIFIC RAILROAD. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 ask leave to introduce 
a bill of which no previous notice has bccn given, 
for the purpose merely of having it laid on the 
tai)lc and printed. It is a bill that has been put 
in my hands with the request that I would intro- 
It is entitled " An act granting public 
duce it. 
lands and a loan of the credit of Government to 
the People's Pacific Railroad Company, to aid in 
the construction of a railroad from the Missouri 
river to San Francisco, on the Pacific coast, and 
the same to aid the construction of the norlhcrn 
and southern Pacific railroad. " 
I move that leave be granted to introduce it, and 
to have it printed, in order that it may be laid bc- 
fore the Senate. 
Leave was granted; and the bill (S. No. 527) 
grantincy public lands and a loan of the credit of 
Government to the People 's Pacific Railroad Com- 
pan y, to aid in the construction of a railroad from 
the, Missouri river to San Francisco, on the Pa- 
cific coast, and the same to aid the construction 
of the northern and southern Pacific railroad, 
was read and passed to a second reading, and or- 
dered to bc printed. 
AMENDMENT OF CONSTITUTION. 
Mr. PUGH. I ask the unanimous consent of 
tbc Senate to introduce a joint resolution without 
previous notice. 
Leave was granted ;and the joint resöfution (S. 
No. 51) in regard to a convention for proposing 
amendments to the Constitution of the United 
States wras read the first time by its title. 
Mr. PUGH. I ask that it be read a second 
time, if no objection bc made to its introduction, 
and referred to the select committee heretofore 
up poi n ted. 
'Ithe joint resolution •was road a second titne, 
and refcrrcd 10 the select conmnittce of thirteen, 
a )pointed-under the resolution of Mr. POWELL, 
which was adopted on the 18th instant; and is as 
joint resolution (S. No. 51) in rcgard to a convention for 
proposing ainendmcnts to the Constitution ot- tbe United 
acnoh•cd bv the Senate and House of. Representatines Of 
the United States of america in Congress assembled, That 
it bo reconnnended to the Legislatures of the several States 
to apply Conorcss, as soon as practicable, to call a con- 
vention 'Or proposing amendinents to the. Constitution of 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, 1 hold in my 
hand a proposition for ccrtain amendments to the 
Constitution, which I desiro to have formally re- 
ferred to the select committee of thirteen. I de- 
sirc now to lay it on the table, and wish to have 
it printed, in order that it may be more conve- 
nienLlv examined, and referred formally to that 
corn mitte,e. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER., (Mr. 
It is moved that the proposition 
in the chair.) 
of the Senat.or from Illinois, proposing amend- 
ments to the Constitution, bc printed , and referred 
to thc select committeæof thirteen. The resolu- 
tion will be read. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not suppose it neces- 
sat•v to have it read. If Senators desire it, how- 
ever, I have no objection. 
T lie joint resolution (S. No. 52) proposing cer- 
cain amendments to the Constitution of the United 
States, was read twice by its title, and referred to 
the select committee of thirteen, appointed under 
tipemvesolution of Mr. POWELL, adopted on the 
18th inshant, and ordered to bo printed. 
cbAIAiS AGAINST MEXICO. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further 
petitions, or reports, or resolutions, be offered, the 
bill (S. No. 112) to further carry out the provis- 
ions of the fifteenth section of the treaty between 
the United States and Mexico, concluded on the 
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to request the Sen- 
ate to return to this Housc the bill (H. R. No. 866) 
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the service 
of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1861 to correct an error 
in cnvrossrnent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question 
on aøreeing to the request of the House; and it 
',vas ordered that the bill bereturned 10 the House 
of Representatives. 
LIEUTENANT GEORGE L. IIARTSUFF. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 the Senate to take up 
the bill (S. No. 523) for the relief of Lieutenant 
George L. Hartsuff, United States Army. This 
bili was reported by thc Senator from Mississippi, 
[Mr. Dnvrs,] the other day. Lieutenant Hart- 
suff was wrecked on the steamer Lady Elgin, 
with some Government stores; and to make his 
account good he paid over to his successor about 
three hundrcd dollars, which this bill proposes 
to reimburse to him. 1 think there will be no ob- 
jection to it. 
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 523) 
for the relief of Lieutenant George L. Hartsuff, 
United States Army, was read a second time, 
and considered as in Committee of the Whole. 
It directs the Secretary of War to pay to Lieu- 
tenant George L. Hartsuff, acting assistant com- 
missary of subsistence, Uniled States Army, thc 
sutu of $380, lost by wreck of steamer Lady El- 
gin, it being thcamount of public funds ho had in 
his possession while traveling under orders on 
board of that steatner, in the month of September, 
1860, which sum he subsequently paid over to 
his successor, in order to balancc his accounts on 
thc books of tbc Treasury Dcpartment. 
The bill was reported to thc Senate without 
amendmcnt, ordcrcd to be engrossed for a third 
reading, read the third time, and passed. 
MAJOR BENJAMIN ALVORD. 
Mr. LANE. I move to take up the bill (which 
remained unacted upon at the cnd of the last ses- 
Sion ) for the reliefo f Major Benjamin A1 vord, pay- 
master of the United States Army. It was re- 
ported by the Committee on Niilitary Affairs, and 
Its passage recommended. I suppose there will 
be no objection to it. 
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No. 
376) for the relief of M,ehjor Benjamin Alvord, 
paymaster United States Army, was road a sec- 
ond time, and considered as in Committeee of the 
•Whole. It directs the proper accountingoffcers of 
the Treasury Department, in settlino• the accounts 
of Major Benjmnin Alvord, paymaster United 
Slates Army, fo credit him in the sum of $14,000, 
that being the amount of public money for which 
he was accountable, lost by the shipwreck of the 
steamship Northcrncr, on the 5th January, 1860, 
near Cape Mendocino, California, it having been 
forwarded to him at Fort Vancouver, Washing- 
ton Territory, by that vessel, by thc assistant 
quartermaster at San Francisco. 
The bill was reported to the Senate without 
amendment. 
Mr. KING. Is there anv report in thc case? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
Is the readino• of the report asked for? 
port. 
Mr. KING. Yes, sir. 
The Secretary rcad thc rcport, from which it 
appears that on thc 4th of January, 1860, the me.- 
morialist delivered to Brevet N'lajor Robert Allen, 
of the quartermaster's department, at San Fran- 
Cisco, in California, in specie, to be trans- 
ported through that department to Major Alvord, 
at Vancouver, Washington Territory. Major 
Allen turned this money over to Wells, Fargo & 
Co., for transportation, and they placed its on the 
steamer Northerner, W. L. Dall, master, which 
left San Fraticisco the samc day for the Columbia 
river- The treasure was in care of a faithful agent 
recovered, therebeing no insurance. against- 
dangers. of. the•sea; and'thåtyMäjor-Alvord, the 
memorialists is free from;all blame in eonnection 
therewith; and they therefore •reported a: fox; 
his relief. 
The bill was ordcred to be engr6ssed for athird 
reading, read the third time, and' passed. 
W.' 11, 
Mr. SUMNER. 1 ask the Senate to take -up. 
the bill (S. No. 463) for the relief of William He, 
Vesey. It is very similar in character to •that on 
which we have just acted. 
The motion was agreed to; and the bill No. 
463) for the relief of Williåm H. Vesey wasread a 
second time , and considered as in Committee of:the 
Whole. It authorizes the pröper accounting off- 
cers of the Treasury to examine the evidence to be 
presented before them by or on behalf of William 
H. Vesey , late ponsul ofthe United S.tatcsat , 
in France, in regard to an alleged loss of $1,518 
deposited by him on account of the fees of.hiB cou- 
sular offce, belonging to the Governmenti0f the 
United States, in the banking-houseof Mosst-s, 
Greene & Co., of Paris, lost by-theirdefaults and 
paid by him into the Treasury ofthe United States; 
and upon the production of proof satisfactory. to 
them tha t th c loss was actually sustained asallcged, 
and through no want of care upon the part of the 
depositor, it is to bc the duty of the Secretary of 
the Treasury to reimburse and repay to William 
I H. Vesey, or his legal representatives, a sum not 
exceeding $1,518, with interest thereon from the 
date when the loss shall appear to have occurred; 
but he or his legal representatives, before repay- 
ment of the loss, arc io execute and deliver to the 
proper offcer of the Government a sumcient trans- 
fer and assignment, for the benefit of the United 
States, of all claim, at law or in equity, which he 
may have upon the said banking-house of Greene 
& Co., of Paris, or its representatives) onraccounL 
of the loss alleged to have been sustained by him 
by reason of their default. 
The bill was repotted to the Senate without 
amendment, ordcrcd to bc en"rossed for a third 
reading, read thc third time, and passed. 
ELIZA A. MERCHANT. 
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Senate take 
up the bill of the House (No. 436) for the -rélief 
of Mrs. Eliza A. Merchant, widow of the la.té 
first Lieutenant and Brevet Captain Charles G, 
Mcrchant, of the United States Army, which has 
been reported from the Committee on Pensions. 
I make this motion, because I understand it is a 
very meritorious case. The lady is advanced in 
years, and is very much in want. The bill has 
passed the House of Representatives, and bcen 
examined' by a committee of this body, and re- 
ported on favorably by them. There can be no 
objection to it. 
grounds for relief. I hope the Senate will indulge 
mc, and the friends of the bill, in taking it- up. 
It will occupy but little time. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as 
in Committec of the Whole, proceeded. to con- 
sider the bill (H. R. NO. 436) foli the •relief of 
Mrs. Eliza A. Merchant, widow of the late first. 
Lieutenant and Brevet Captain Charles G. Nber- 
chant, of the United States Army. It directs the 
Secretary of -the Interior to place the name of 
Eliza A. Merchant on thc pension list, at the rate. 
of fifteen dollars per month, to commence on the 
4th day of Mytrc.h, 1860, and continue during her 
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill 
with two amendments: in line five, to strike eut 
" twenty-five;" and in line 
" fifteen," and insert 
eight, to strike out thc word " life/' and inset" 
" widowhood," so that the bill will read: 
Be it enacted, 4'c., That thC Secretary of the Interiorbe, 
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of Eliza A. 
Merchant on the pension list, at the ratc of twenty-five 
dollars per month, to commence on the4th day of March, 
of the company, D. W. Barry. On the 5th of 
i 1850, and continue during lier widowhood. 
January 1860, the Northerner was wrecked by 
striking a rock near Cape Men(locino, and the ! The PRESIDING OFFICER: Is the Senate 
ready for the question on the first amendment ro- 
money was lost, in despite of all the efforts of its 
I custodian, Mr. Barry, who lost his lifc in his ported by the committee? 
Qd day of February, 1848, is tbe unfinished busi- • 
These facts are sus- Mr. KING. If there is a report in the case, I 
ness of the inorning hour. 
attempt to sav•c these funds. 
i tained bv the sworn testimony of Maior Allen; by should like to hear it read. 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 move that that bill lic on 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading 
Samuel 'Knight, an ag•enL0t• Wells, Fargo & COG of the report is asked for. 
the table for the present. 
It will be read. 
and bv Captain Dall, The The Secretary read the, report-. made-• to, the 
The motion was agreed to. 
conuuittec wcrc fauy sausiied that the money was 
A mcssacre was received from the Hoas•e of lostinthemanncrstated; that the utrnnstexcrtions I-Idase of Representatives on the 23d of March, 
were made to save it; that part of it has becn 1860, by Mr. BUFFI'NT6Nj.ftö,m- che Comrritteo on 
Representatives, by Mr. FORNEY, ils Clerk, an- 
