THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 24, 
Military Affairs, from which it appeared that the 
petitioner, on behalf of herself and child, claims a 
pension for the reason that her k.nsband, the latc 
First Lieutenant and Brevet Captain Charles G. 
Merchant, died in tl')t• military service. of the Uni- 
ted States, at Pascagoula, Mississippi, on t.he 4th i 
of September, 1855. The petiLione.r alleges that 
bcr husband, Lieutenant Merchant, graduated at 
the United States Military Academy at MT est 
Point on the 30th day of June, 1843, and was pro- 
moted to brevet second licutcnant in the eighth 
will state that. that ig the opinion of the Chair, and 
the pension granted to hcr for life or widow- 
it becomes his duty to snoci•al order at 
hood, is a matter of no consequence, as she will 
never cret married again. Lot Ihe pensi01'i be for that. hour: t.Q call it n p, but •t.o surcrost,at the earne 
time, that t hc unfinished business of thc be- 
life. I hope tho Senate will disagree to that amend- 
, and let. the bill pass as it came from the forc takes the precedence, according to the practice 
ment 
i; of t.hc Senate. 
House. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Bogging the pardon of the 
The amendment was rejected. 
The bill was reported •to thc Senate without Chair, I think the practice is quite the reverse; 
amendincnt, ordered to a third reading, read the i} and the unfinished business does not take prece 
third time, and passed. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR CHRISTMAS. 
regyiment United States infantry July l, 1843; that 
Mr. MASON. To-morrow being holiday, 1 
commenced would bc progressed with until it was 
hc served during the war with the Mexican repub- 
dcncc, but we rnu• t "-rct fid of the special order in 
order to get up thc unfinished business. Thut has 
been my understanding. Otherwise, busxnoss once 
suppose that the Senate would desire to adjpurn 
lic,- and was brevetted first lieutenant September 
over until the following day; and with the assent 
8, 1847, for gallant and conduct at the of the body, I move that when the Senate adjourns 
battie of Molino del Rey, and brevet. captain Sep- 
tember 13, 1847, for gallant and meritorious con- 
duct at the bu'ltlcof Chepultepcc,•, and on his return 
from Mexico he was ordered to Texas, and in an 
affair with {ndians May 20, 1850, was severely 
never fill! y rccovered; 
wounded, from which he 
•d to East Pascagoula, 
in April, 1858, hc was ordert ' 
Mississippi. The of J. J. B. Wright, 
surgeon United Stutcs Army, and John F. Ran- 
dolph, who was acting assistant surcroon United 
States Army, both corroborate the state 
ment of the petitioner, that the wt)und aliudcd to 
was the cause of his dead). The 
of Pensions, in a letter to the coun•nittee, 
If" conunittee arc of 
January 
2, 1857, says: 
opinion, from the medical testimony, that his I 
death•. was hastened by the wound, the claim of 
the widow to a pension would seem to be as mer- i be no other business before Sena{c, the Chair 
itorious as some others which have been allowed 
It is also disclosed by the Corn- 
by special act. 
missioner of Pensions that Charles G. Merchant 
wag n first lieutenant at the tilnc of his death. I 
The commi after a careful examination of thc 
testim011Y, were of opini0i'1 that the de.uth of Lieu- 
tenant Charles G. Merchant was hastened by a 
to-day, it adjourn to meet on -Wednesday •next. 
The motion was agreed to. 
MESSAGE FROM IIOCSE. 
A message from the flousc of Representativa.s, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that 
House had passed a bill (No. 467) granting a 
1)cn.si01'i to Eliza Reeves, in which the concurrence 
of the Senate was requested. 
ADMISSION OF KANSAS. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER.) 
The Chair will state tl'ltlt, by a vote of thc Senate, 
to-day at 0'clock was assigned specially for 
the of the (H . R. No. 
the ad tnissi0L) of Kansas i:ito the Union. 
hour has not. yct arrived; but as there to 
will announcc t hc fact; and he will (tu•ther state, 
that that special order would superseded by the 
joint resolution proposincr 
anlendnu±lits to the 
Constitution of the United States, *hat. being the 
unfinished blisiness of Friday; and that, 
objection bc made, the Chair will 
now take up 
the joint resoli.\tion (S. No. 48) proposin:r a 
zncnts to the Constitu tion of' the United Sfa tes, 
on which the Senator from [ N'! r. 
OLSON 'l is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. COLI-AMER. 1 
of the Chair, it is that the special order, 
bill for the 
admission of Kansas, IS 
by the unfinished l.»usiness. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is so in the 
of the (Jhair. T be Chair 
understands 
that to be the practice of the Senate. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 desire to inquire of the 
Chair wl'k.tt l.)ecomes of this special order ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will the 
business in order aftc.r the resolution, which 
is the, unfinished business of Friday, *hail have 
been disposed of. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 desire know 
it will stand of its own right, superseding other 
business, on the disposition of that? 
PRESI DING OFFICER. 
II would, in 
the opinion of the Chair, 
be t hc businoss next in 
hour 
ord c r after the expira lion of the 
M r. COLLAMER. Experienced senators 
to that probably there is Iiii.suppre- 
hc Insion the effect. of passin«r over t 
I do not wish to take away ('rom the 
Cial o rd t: r. 
'Tentlenoan who has the floor the opportunitv 01' 
bilt I desire that something 
t_ho Senn to ; 
add res.si n 
rnav be dorie in relation to this ICansas 
shall keep it from boing overslaaghcd . 
If the ho r 
ru out {'or this M'ithotlt, our proceeding with it, 
it ilia y be cone entirely. 
finished. Mv understanding , that when aspe- 
Cial order is fixed for n particular day and hour, 
thke first special order at that day and hour comes 
up, c ven if tbc Senate is encaged on business at 
the hcnn• arrives, the Pre- 
the tim o 
a-rres•t.s the on the and 
sidincr C)fiiccn• 
would do so 
if h'. 
calls up the snecial order; 
though a person we re upon the floor 
at that. 
it 'no surely that 
addressing- the Sena te, 
tbc fåct that t h €•rc was business of a 
previous dav v,.rould not crowd out the special 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
, in his opinion, controls 
have the 
the tnattcr. 
r Ilbe Secrctary read the 15th rule, as follows: 
u.nani.shed business in which the Senate was 
adjourn \ncnt. shall have the 
entvaued at the 
in the special orders; of the day." 
II Nh•. COLLAMF,R. Has the unfinished 
ness, to which the Chair has called our attention, 
tho Ffjocial o rder of the day ? 
c v be e n mad e 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. not, ac- 
cord ing to the recollection of the Chai 1'. 
Mr. FOOT. Let 31st rule be read. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
31. When the hour shall have arrive(l the consider- 
it shall be the duty or the. Chaft• to 
a tion ot• d 
s•peeial order. and the Senate *haft proceed to 
take up such 
. it ba po by vote of' the Senat.e. 
• \ Vheu two or tnore >.ubiects have been 
assigned ion 
cord i to the of titne 
at "'h ich they severally 
if-d. and sneh order at no tune be lost or changed 
except by the direct ion of the Senate. 
have been ttssiznc.d 
• BY heu two or rnorf' subjects *hall 
wound received in battle with Indians IMav 20, 
1850, and that the 
is worthy the favorable 
his widow 
Merchant, 
considerutir;n of Consrress. 
'l'he PRESIDING' OFFICER. The question 
is on the first amendn)cnt reported by the corn iiiit.- 
and insert 
tee, to strike out " fifteen 
twenty- 
Mr. GRIMES: [ (lesire to scvrgext to me2übers 
of the Senate present that there is a prin.cil')le pro- 
that is, 
posed to be changed by this tunendrnent•, 
a principle that has been acted upon loy tbc Sen- 
It has been the practice. to •yrant 
ate heretofore. 
to widows of officers of the Arn•ry half pay, that 
is, one half the pay to which the officer was entitled 
'.['his it in end rnc nt, I 
at the [inle of' his decease 
half 
believe, proposcs to grant. to the widow 1 he 
pay of n brevet captain whilst he was only a 
, and wag only drawing the 
lieutenant in the line 
now bei'orc 
pay of lieutenant. 
thc Sena te ig, to increase her half pay croni fi ('torn 
dollars u nd sixty-six 
dollars a Inon th, 
cents it ought to be, to twenty-fivc (Ioliars. 
• hereafter that the widows of (ifii- 
cers or the ArniY' shall d raw the half' pay of the 
husbands if' they '•,vc• re Call (_•uptuins, 
rank of their 
to wh ich 
have been brevetted, then it. rie•ht (bat '.ve should 
adopt this auncndnuh)t. 
t.nis {on to be 
to add, except that I desire 
settled, so that the on Ih:nsions inn y 
understand what is to be the view of the Senate 
hereafter no its action; whether wc are to give to 
widows of officers the 
their brevet I 
half pay of 
shall 
the subject first assigned ihr that. hour 
• but speeiai orders shall al have 
. unless such special orders 
['ostpot:ed bv direction of' the Seruate. 
• position account 
of adjou rxnnents ; n nr S ball th Iosc their rei- 
at i ve position on the (Ja;cndar, e.xcept vote of thc Senate 
ungil finally disposed of'." 
Mr. COLLAIMER.* Now, Mr. President, 
understand that the unfinished at 
: the adjournment. was not special order, • 
never has been at all. 
IVIr. TRUMBULL. If werc, it is not an 
• older special order than this. 
M r. COLLAMER 
It is not a special order 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of 
'cioe.k havino• now arri ved, it is the dutv of 
to call up the bill for the admission of 
Kansas into the Union, which, by a vote of the 
Senate, was n')ade the special order for this day at 
one o 'clock. 'I'hat bill is before the Senate. 
ill r. MASON. I presume we can test the 
sense of' the Senate upon the construction of the 
rule. IVIy experience in the Senate has been, 
rank or of their rank in the 
hitherto the latter. This amendment proposes 
to change that rule. 
Mr. CHANDLER. What was his pay at 
timc of his doath ? 
Mr. GRIMES. H.e was a lieutenant and brevet 
; and this atp,eYlChnent proposes to give his 
capotun 
half pay of a captain. 
widow the 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
t)'iondment reported by the 
to strike out 
aud insert 
• twenty-five. 
The amendment was 
The PRESU)ING OFFICER. The 
now is on the second urneii(l reported Ly the 
which proposes to strike out the word 
c,otn nuttce, 
life" and to inpert the word 
"'idowhood. 
I will to tho 
MI . IVERS 
Senate t.hat it would be better not to concur in {l')at 
arnendment, because it would take the bill back (0 
II 
Mr. GREEN. I will sufftrest. to the Senator, 
that this is a speciat , 
• nd it rernains as a 
special order; 
and the oldest special order al- 
ways the one to bc culled up, unless t.here is sornc 
unfinished nlat.t.cr on the tal)lc•, and it will retain 
its place ns the oldest. spec;al order. 
M r. COLLAiMER. This a special 
order, as I u , at one o'eloclc, 
all previous special orders, until this is OGt of 
that the unfinished businos.s of the day preceding, 
is thc first, business prop- 
I under the 15th rule, 
er)y before thc Senate one o'clock on the suc- 
, e,cediux day, unaess bv a vote of the Senate it is 
r I'hat has been the practice, 
• . orde rcd ot he rw i sc. 
if the Chair decides otherwise, I 
to have the opinion of the Senate 
should like 
Mr. FITZPATRCK. Iknow there has been . 
soine diversity of ov.)inion as to the effect. of the 
two rales which have been read; but. I fhink the 
'Fencn•al practice has been that. the unfil)isbcd husi- 
rlP.S.S takes pr over ar,y special order; and 
i therefore, in no y opini01), the Chair was riEht, in 
ruling, in stating that it his duty 
• to announce that tho spec:al order •„vas set, for a 
at sae 
a me to 
I precedenco to th uniluishcd business; 
I tilink that 
ate adjourned closind• it. 
adjourned upon unfinished business the (Inv pre- has been the uniförm ruling, so far as my knowl- 
edge extends, both of the Vice President nod of 
th(; various chairmen who have presided tempo- 
rarily in his absence. If there had been no un- 
the. wav in soille v,'ay. 
M LL. i thin k 
a •as to 
rulil')g 
of the Senate on this point. ily recollection is 
different that. of the Chair. -s•Ve have dis- 
cussed this matter once or twic.e, and y ro.c€)l- 
lcction is that a special order for a particular hour 
comes up, notwithstanding the Senate inay have 
Vlous. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, With the 
the House. She is a very old woman, and whether mission of the Senator from Illinois, the Chair 
