1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
187 
other consequences are so frightful, that when a 
pnrty phants itself on a principle' so alarming and 
so destructive, if carried out int.o all its legitimate 
results, wc can but (eel that. our security is small 
svhen all •we have to repose upon is the profes- 
sions of that party that it will regard our rights 
within the States, when the same party tells us 
that rights which we regard the same outside of 
the States, it intends to disregard. This party 
promtses us, as the inducement to our repose, that 
our rights of property in slaves Shail not be inter- 
fered With in the States, because the Constitution 
recocrnizes thosc rights. But they refuse to ex- 
tend that prornisc to our rights of property in 
slaves outside of the States, although, upon the 
authority of the high judicial tribunal of the coun- 
try for deciding constitutional questions, we have 
exactly the samc rights outside of the States, 
within the jurisdiction of the Federal Government, 
as the owners of any other species •of property 
have. They concede our rights in the one case, 
because they are expressly reco&nized by the 
Constitution; they deny them in the other, and 
in so doing, repudiate thc authoritative adjudica- 
tion of' the Supreme Court. 
But, suppose this general principle bc carried 
out within those places wherc Congress has ju- 
risdiction.• then it will be carried out in this Dis- 
trict, for here Congress has jurisdiction; 
it will 
be carried out in the forts and arsenals, for Con- 
ffrcss there has jurisdiction; it will be carried out 
in •the Territories, for Congress there has juris- 
diction. Suppose a State makes application for 
admission into the Union with the recognition of 
slavery in its constitution: is not that another 
case within your jurisdiction? And do you not 
stand, at least by implication from the principle 
you assort, pledged to reject the admission of 
such a State? 
These are vital points with southern men. Sup- 
pose your party gets possession of both branches 
of Congress: then, under this piatform, and under 
opinions: Hc hates slavery as much as an Abo- 
litionist hates it; he savs so in so many words. 
He believes that the slavc has the same right to 
be protected in his life, LIBERTY, and pursuit of 
happiness, as his owner. He believes that man 
cannot have property in man without his consent; 
that is Mr. L'incoln 's central idca," his sheet- 
anchor" of Republicanism. He believes that sia- 
very is a social, moral, and political evil. 
He looks to the 
desires its ultimate extinction. 
Republican party to adopt and carry out such a 
policy, not inconsistent with the Constitution as 
he construes it, as will induce the public mind to 
repose on thc conviction that slavery wiil be 
finally cxtinguisheg. He believes Ihal such a pol- 
icy is cotnpa-tible with thc continued existence of 
I-Ic believes the Constitution 
the Federal Union. 
can be so construed, administered, and executed, 
that it will 120, if inot the 
instrument, at least no 
obstruction to t,hé4final extinction of slavery. 
I Now, Mr. Presi on t, in the trimnph of the Rc- 
ve placed in the presidential 
publican party the 
chair a o entertains these views, in 
strict accordance, I agree, with the principles and 
ceeded in electing. Against bim personally, I have southern men -manifest -so-much uneasiness and 
not a word to say. Ile may be all that his friends so much concern, and meet us With no disposition, 
represent him, and I shall not controvert it; but I to aid in promoting.a_ny measure for -averting. the 
the point is, is he a fair representative in his an- 
calamities that threaten our -country. 
are asked to repose .quietly, becauspsthU 
tocedents of these principles and these measures 
which we look upon as threatenino our institu- President elect is said to-be a conservative. man. 
tions. When I turn to his record, find a most I I do not believe he intcnds to violate the Cöristi- 
remarkable coincidence ina!i respects beLwcen his , tution,as he construes it; but where is the neceSp 
position, as deliberately and frequently repeatcd sity of his violating it? The measures that he 
by him, and the principle to which have referred proposes tocarry out,and that party stand pledged 
as constituting the " central idea" of the platform to carry out, require no violation of Ibe Constitu- 
of the Republican party. Upon a careful exam- tion, as they construe that instrument, for their 
ination of Mr: Lincoln's sentiments, as declared ultimate success. It is only a matter of time. 
again and again in his celebrated controversy, in The end may be hastened under the administra- 
1858, with Judge DOUGLAS, and other speeches of I tion of a fanatical President, and a fanatical Con- 
his published and relied upon by his friends in the gress, or it may be delayed with a more conserv- 
late contest, in the volume which is before me, I 
ative Prcsidcnt and Congress; but tlie -result is 
come to the. conclusion that he entertains these il fixed; it is inevitable. Mr. Lincoln desires to 
place. this Government in a condition in which the 
public mind will repose upon the; conviction that 
the institution of slavery is finally to be extin- 
guished. What sort•of appeal is that to southern 
men, whose interests and happiness are identified 
with this institution? What sort of appeal- is it 
to those men in the cxlreme South, .where not 
only all they have is identified with this institu- 
lion and is involved in it, but where the lives of 
themselvcs and their families are constantly -liable 
to be destroyed and sacrificed by some misguided 
fanatic 01' unonomaniac, who, feeling restive and 
I unwilling to await the slow process of the, Repub- 
lican mode libcrating the slaves, chooses to 
resort to the torch and to insurrection? Is it not 
a most astonishing appeal to make to them, to 
say to them, We expect you to repose quietly 
your pledge to carry out this general principle of sen timents which characterize his party. In all 
seriousness and carncstness, I ask gentlemen on 
yours, what guarantee have 've, what hope have 
the other side if it, is surprising that the southern 
we, that this District will not at once be visited 
mind is moved, is disturbed, is alarmed at the tri- 
with your power? And so of tbc forts and arscnals 
within [hc slave States. W c know that in the umph ofa party entertaining these opinions and 
at tho elccliou of a candidate avowing these senti- 
Territories you would at once erect an impassable 
barrier. belicvc that you would exclude 
upon the conviction that in five years, ten years, 
twenty years, or thirty years, all that you have 
is to be swept away 
Repose is the great object desired by thc South. 
It is essential to the peace, happ_inesS, and pros- 
perity of her people. To O)ern the constant agi- 
tation of the slavery question is full of danger. 
was to secure repose that the South sought for 
years, and with earnestness, to secnrc the recoo- 
nition of concrrcssional non-intervention as I he 
estabiishcd policy of thc country. Although this 
principle has bcen declared by the Suprelne Court 
to be the true intent and meaning of the Consti- 
tution, we have failed to secure repose, because 
the, Republican party repudiated that solemn ad- 
every other slave State fFom the Union. Willi The whole import and purport, therefore, of 
any fair-minded marl deny that these rneasures, yout•triumph is plainly this: that you have fort»ed judication, and resolved to continue the agitation 
in their practical consequences, work not 0111 y to and* intend to perpetuate a political organization i of the qncstion until us reversal could be secured. 
the prevc[ltion of the spread of slavery, but to its which must, from its principles, be confined to one I We can never have repose until the rigl')t to hold 
slaves as other property is placed beyond discus- 
final extinæuishment in the States where it now I section, and that the stroncrer section, with the 
Tl'his can only be accom- 
Sion and acrita_tion. 
exists? SVill any candid man deny that these avowed purpose of so construing and administcr- 
ing the Constitution as finally to extinguish the plished by an express constitutional recognition 
principles and measurcs are expectcd and intended 
It is for that reason that the South 
by thö. RepublicanQpat•ty to result in the universal 
institution of slavery. You have the voting power 
now' dcmends this cxprcss recognition as a neces- 
to carry out your principles; I mean you have the 
emancipation of' the slaves? 
But, Nh•. President, while these measures, if voüng power in the .N'm•th, and you have suc- , I sary condition. to a final and satisfactory settle- 
carried out into practice under the feeling that ceeded in combining that power inlo a political ment of the issue between the North and the 
you manifest, look, as we honest.ly believe, to a pc- orgyanization, and you have taken the first great South, and to thc preservation and perpetuation 
riod svher, they will result naturally, legitimately, steps towards the ultimate accomplishmel)t of of the Federal Union. 
N/Vithout goincy outside of your platform and 
and necessarily, without any violence upon the your purpose. You have secured the executive he declarations of' your President elect, we find 
Constitution, according to your mode of constru- i department of the Govcrnment; you have tbc t 
an-iPlc justification for the f&ding now pervading 
, in the final extinction of Inore 
frarful aspect of the case is preQ)nte.d when itis re- 
membered that, without any violation of the Con- , 
stitution, the operation of these measures is to 
swell the already forulidable disparity betwccn thc 
two sections, by increasing the number of free 
States. Thc same power that will enable you to 
carry out these measures wilk enable you to hasten 
the mt.rodugtion of free States to the number that 
will enable you to adopt such amendments to the 
Is it 
strange to you that southern men, looking to the 
final catastrophe which they believe is the ulti- 
mate end of your organization, shall look to the 
period when you obtain the power to' make these 
amendments as the end of the institution of sla- 
Mr. President, these, in my estimation, are the 
whole power and patronage of that Dcpartment, 
the southern States. IJnder a solemn conviction 
with its millions upon millions of dol\års, for the 
that the permanent ascendency of a purely sec- 
Is it, then, surprising, I again 
next four years. 
ask, with all those facts, that the southern mind tional or•yanization, looking necessarily, by its 
is disturbed; that the question of disunion is agi- principles, though carried out without violation 
tated; that the question of secession is the great of the letter of thc Constitution, to the overthrow 
of our domestic institutions and the revolutioniz- 
absorbing question of the day? 
Mr. President, what Mr. Fillmore referred to incr of all our social relations, the sentiment is 
as the great point of danger of this orrranization, 
crn States that nothing short of full and explicit 
we have now to look full in the face. The reign 
and unalterable constitutional guarantees can avert 
of sectionalism now begins. Under the perma- 
nent dominion of the Republican party, what is a disruption of the Confederacy. I admit that 
the condition of the South? Suppose she con- 
•result of the election as a fearful calamity, yet, 
tinues to send her representatives here: what is 
hcr condition? She is nominally represented; ac- from their ardent devotion to the Union and their 
tually, she is without representation. She has no dread of the sad conscquences of its dissolution: 
voice in electing the Executive—none that is are willing to acquiesce so far as to wait for some 
counted; none that is potent. She has no voice open act of aggression on the part of the new Ad- 
in making the law; for if this sectional majority ministration. I confess that I do no_t look for dan- 
Incr, and upon which the southern people have I chooses to combine in the. enactment of laws as ger so much in open arrorcssions as the insidious 
conu-' to the settled conviction that the election of it docs in the election ofa President, though every and covert attacks upon our rights. According 
southern State is here represented and casts its I to my information and observation, this portion 
Mr. Lincoln to the Presidency, on the principles 
vote, that vote does not weigh a feather . in the I of the southern people constitutes a rneager. mi- 
the Republican -platform, is tanta- 
nority. No State in the Confederacy has been 
laid down In 
enactment of any law, or in the prevontion of its 
mount to a declaration of war cvain.st an institu- 
In view of consequences like these, more conservative in its sentiments or more earn- 
interests, with all our happiness, with all our and the commencement of a reign of political sec- estly attached to the Federal Union than that 
prosperity, socially, politically, and materially. tionulisno, rendered doubly terrible from its con- which I represent in part. To a just, constitu- 
This is our conviction, and this conviction is I nection with religious fanaticism, I am qmazed tionul Union that attachment is as ardent- as 
earnest to-day as it ever was. But the late elec- 
strengthened w hell turn to the antecedents, I that gentlcmen.on the othcr side, with cool indif- 
politically, of the candidate whom you have suc- ference, express their inability to understand why lion has been followed by the wide-spread con- 
