THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTONC D. 'C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
Mr. SHERMAN. requested by the 
retary of tllC Interior to say, that he desires im- 
mediate action, for his own vindication. I there- 
forc submit the followin(Y resolution, and ask the 
gentleman from Illinois to accept it as a substitute 
for the resolution which he this morninry proposed. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I will hear the.res- 
olulion read. 
The resolution was read, as follows: 
Whereas the Secretary of the Interior has this day ad- 
dressed a communication to this House, stating that an ex- 
tensivc fraud had been committed upon his Department, in 
the abstraction therefrorn by one of its officers, and the 
conversion to private use, of a number of State bonds held 
in trust by the Governmentför the benefit or certain indian 
tribes, and asked that a committee be appointcd to investi- 
gate and report upon the subjeCt : 
Be it resolved, 'That a select conunittee be appointed, 
consisting of five members of the House, who shall pro- 
ceed to inquire into and report to the House the facts in 
relation to said fraud, and that said committee •have full 
power to send tor persons and papers. 
Mr.. MORRIS, of Illinois. At the suggestion 
of the gentleman from Ohio, I accept the resolu- 
tion just read as a substitute to the onc I proposed. 
There being no objection, the resolution was 
received, and adopted. 
GEORGE FISHER. 
Mr. EDWARDS, from the Committee on ln- 
dian Affairs, reported a joint resolution repealing 
the joint resolution passed at the last session of 
Congress, relating to the claim of Georgc Fisher, 
late of Florida, deceased, approved June I, 1860, 
and declaring all proceedings under said joint res- 
olution null and void; which was read a first and 
second time. 
Mr. EDWARDS moved that the resolutions be 
printed, with two decisions of the Secretary of 
War upon the subject-matter of the resolutions, 
and be postponed until the first Thursday in 
January. 
Mr. HOUSTON. Is that the report ofa com- 
mittee ? 
Mr. EDWARDS. It is. 
Mr. HOUSTON. It is impossible to hear what 
is goiDff on. I understand now that it is a joint 
resolution repealing an act of the last session in 
relation to a private claim in Florida, and that it 
is now proposed to print it, and postpone its 
further consideration until the first Thursday in 
January. 
Mr. EDWARDS. Yes, sir. 
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 know nothing of the cir- 
cumstances of the case; but I do not. know that 
I object to the postponement. 
Thejoin t resohition was accordingly postponed , 
and•, with the accompanying documents, ordered 
to be printed. 
UNION. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE asked the consent 
of the House to introduce the following preamble 
and resolution% 
Whereas it is not to he disguised that the dangers which 
invest the Union of the States and threaten its dissolution 
complish that åeplorable result; and whereas to disregard 
those dangers were madness, and while admitting their ex- 
istence 10 refuse to apply ali honorable efiört3 to arrest and 
remove them were utter perdition ; and whereas the pres- 
ent fearful crisis in our national existence is the effect of 
a collision betwcen the antagonist theories upon African 
servitudc entertained and propagated at the North and at the 
South ; and whereas those theories being irreconcilable, 
the integrity of the Union can nolonuer be maintained, save 
by recourse to a settlement which, while suspending the 
conflict of opposing principles, will ultimately remove it 
from the field of national politics: 'Pherefore, 
Resolved, 'l'hat it is the Opinion of the House of Repre- 
sentatives of the 'Thirty-Sixth Congress of the United 
States, that in ail territory of tuc United States lying north 
of 360 30' north latitude, and not included within the limits 
of any of the existing States, slavery and involuntary ser- 
vitude, except in punishlnent of crime, should be prohib- 
ited: Procided, That the said territory, or any portion of 
the sarue, when adn)itted as a State, should be received 
into the Union with or wiLhout slavery, as its constitution 
may prescribe at Ibe time of its admission ; and that in all 
territorv of the United States lying south of 360 30' north 
latitude, not included within the limits of any existing 
State, neither Congress nor arv territorial government 
should pass any law prohibiting or unpait•ing the establish- 
ment of slavery : Pro-vided always, tl'hat the said 'l*erritory, 
or any pqrt of the same, when ad:nitted as a State, should 
be received into the Union with or without slavery, as its 
constitution may prescribe at the tirnc of adtnission. 
13 
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1860. 
Resolved, 'I'hat the Constitution of the United 'States be- 
governlnentot' persons individually, and not collectively 
States, any attempt by the Federal Government to compel 
by force a sovereign State to the observance of the consti- 
tutional compact would be to levy war upon a substantial 
Mr. GROW. 1 ob•ect. 
Mr.JOHN COCHRANE. 1 move to suspend 
the rules. 
Mr. HASKIN. 1 desire to offer resolution 
as a substitute for the one proposed by my col- 
league. 
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not yet 
before the House, Objection is made. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. [move to suspend 
the rules. 
Mr. HASKIN. I send up my resolution which 
I will offer as a substitute. 
The SPEAKER. When the are sus- 
pended, the resolutions will be in order, but not 
before. 
Mr. HASKIN. Let my resolution be read for 
in formation . 
The resolution '•,vas reacl, as follows: 
Resolved, 'That the Committee on thc Judiciary be di- 
rected to inquire into thc relations now existing between 
tbc Federal Government and the State of South Carolina, 
the dutv of the executive department, in view of the at- 
tempted withdrawal ot' a State from the United States, and 
t.he threat oned seizure of the Federat property within the 
lünits of that State; and also what action Congress should 
take in the present emergency to execute the Constitution, 
entörcc the law*, und protect said property in South Caro- 
lina from seizure ; and-that said conunittee have leave to 
report at any time. 
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman from New 
York—thc mover of the original resolution—will 
consent to have his resolution referred to the 
committee of thirty-three, I shall have no objec- 
tion to it. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My design is to 
secure a vote of the House upon it now. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 would like to 
suggest to my friend from New York that, as 
this resolution involves the greatest question 
which can be presented to the consideration of 
this House, he withhold it until the committee of 
thirty-three has had an opportunity to report. It 
is generally understood that that committee will 
take vote, at its rneeting on Thursday next, 
upon the propositions before it; and it seems to 
me that it v.zould bc wise upon the part of my 
friend, and wise upon the part of the House, to 
allow that committee to reach a result—if they 
can reach a result—or let the House be informed 
of its inability to do so, before we bring this ques- 
tion before the House. 
I hope my friend will 
allow his resolution to go over until next Mon- 
day, instead of pressing it to a vote to-day. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. not my wish 
to anticipate the repott of the committee of thirty- 
It might be injudicious to have any pre- 
three. 
mature vote; but thcrc are other considerations 
which have impelled me to present this question 
in this shape, at this time. I have no confidence 
at all in the power—I might very well doubt the 
disposition—of gentlemen, members of Congress, 
to settle this great question. 
Mr. GROW. rise to a order. 
that pending the motion to suspend the rules, de- 
bate IS not in order. 
If debate were in order, we 
might discuss this *natter the whole day. 
The SPEAKER. The from 
sylvania is correct. 
Mr. MCCLERNAND. 1 move that 
do now adjourn. 
• Mr. SHERMAN. 
dispose of this matter now, it will come up uext 
Monday as unfinished business. 
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me suggest that if it is 
the policy of the House to postpone a vote upon 
this question of a suspension cf the rules, it might 
stand as it is, by unanimous consent, until next 
Monday, and we could proceed to the transaction 
of other business. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 am willing to 
consent to the suggestion of the gentleman from 
Alabama. 
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to. 
New. 13.2 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 
on the motion to suspend the Fi$les.e 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 am very 
to accept th2 suggestion- of :the Ééntlémåh'•fiom- 
Alabama, that:the- House proceed to the don*d• 
eration of other business, and let. this :qu-esnon 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 to 
controverted questions come up upon the repoi•b 
of the committee of thirty-three.. -I hope there- 
fore-this question will not be pressed. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. This debate by the 
gentleman from New York and' by the gentlemah 
from Ohio is not in order; and I insist upon the 
enforcement of the rules. 
The question being on a motion to suspehd•the 
rules, 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE demanded 
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Jofif COCH- 
RANE and HOARD wcre appointed. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. As this resolution 
docs not propose anything substantial or practi- 
cal, I trust the gentleman from New York will 
allow the whole subject to go over until: next 
Monday, or until we receive the report of the 
committee of thirty-three. 
Mr. BRIGGS. I move to refer the resolution 
to the committee of thirty-three. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The resolution is 
not yet before the House. 
I ask the gentleman 
from New York to withdraw the resolution. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. As such seems to 
be the sense of tl)e House, I withdraw the reso- 
lution. 
CONSULAR APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 submit the motion that 
the rules be suspen(led, and that the House resolve 
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state 
of thc Union. Before that motion is put, I move 
that in one hour after going into gg»unittee, the 
consular be made a 
spccial order. 
Mr. KILGORE. Will gentleman from 
Ohio withhold his motion for a moment, while i 
ask leave of the House t.o make an explanation ? 
I see in the report of the proceedings of the con- 
ven Lion at Charleston, among other things, a stale- 
ment that the State of Indiana has passed laws in 
conflict with the Constitution, and the laws made 
in pursuance thereof—I refer to the fugitive slave 
law. 
Mr. CURRY. I object to this explanation. 
Mr. KILGORE. 1 desire to state that Indiana 
never has passed any law of that character since 
the organization of the State. She has no such 
law upon her statute-book. She.is now, and ever 
has been, loyal to the Constitution and the •laws 
of Congress. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 move House do 
now adioupn. 
Mr. j ENKINS demanded the yeas and nays, 
Mr. SHERMAN called for tellers' upon the 
yeas. and nays. 
Tellers were ordered. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 that my col- 
league is willing to withdraw the motion to ad- 
journ, if the Housc vv'ill make the bili I have men- 
tioned a special order, immediately upon going 
into committee; and, as I sec that •the House is 
not in the humor to indulge debate, I move that 
the consular bill be made a special order from the 
time we into committee. 
The motion was agreed tp. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the House 
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on 
the state of the Union. 
Mr. BARKSDALE moved that tbe House 
adjourn. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. SMITH, of 
North Carolina, and SPINNER were appointed. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes thirtv-six, nocs not counted. 
So the Mouse refused to adjourn. 
Mr. BRIGGS demanded tellers on the motion 
that the House resolve itself into tho Committee of 
the Whole. 
