1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLdiE. 
that platform, and that it did profess explicitly 
to allow to the people of the southern States the 
enjoyment of their rights within the States, but 
laid down a principle outside of the States which, 
if carried out to its u*timate consequences, would 
destroy their rights within the States. 
I do not 
know what more I could have done without quot- 
ing the whole platform and Mr. Lincoln's discus- 
•sions with Mr. DOUGLAS, which would have oe- 
cupied more timo than I desired to consume. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 understood the Senator 
from Tennessee to say that their great apprehen- 
Sion was, that the purpose of the Republican party 
in getting possession of the Government was 
so to increase the number and power of the free 
States that they would obtain, at last, the power 
of amendment over the Constitution; and when 
they obtained that, it was their purpose to ex- 
erclse it, and cmancipate the slaves within the 
States. I understand him to say that in substance 
now. 
Mr. NICHOLSON. 1 took the position that 
the policy, principles, and measures of the Re- 
publican party as avowed by them, if carried to 
their consequences, in the course of time, x,vould 
extinguish slavery in the States. I expressed the 
apprehension that when they had the power, by 
the increase of free States, if they intended to 
carry out their purpose of ultimate extinction of 
.slavery, they would resort to that power, and 
thereby bring about the result svhich their candi- 
date, rvn•. Lincoln, expressly said ho desired 
Should come abou t—thc, final extinction of slavery. 
That was my position. 
Mt. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the Repub- 
lice,n party, as I understand it, maintain the re- 
served rights of the States; that all powers not 
expressly delegatbd, or necessary to carry into 
effect the powers which are delegated, by the Con- 
stitution of the United States, are expressly re- 
scrvcd to the States; and that it is fundamental 
to maintain the independence and sovereignty of 
the several States in raspect to all matters which 
are not conferred upon the general Government by 
the Constitution; and that among the powers not 
conferred, but reserved to the States, is an abso- 
lute, independent, sovereign control over all their 
domestic institutions; and I undertake to say to 
that honorable Senator, that there aro no Repub- 
licans to be found, within my knowledge, within 
any of the States, who have ever exprcssed the 
purpose, or the desire, that the general Govern- 
ment should have the power to in.terfere with 
slavery in the States. Not one, sir. 
-I know that some years ago, a book published 
by Mr. Lysander Spooner, took the ground that 
the Constitution of the United States, of itself, 
abolished slavery; but, sir, it finds very few sup- 
It is just as unfounded as that other 
porters. 
Idea which finds, I regret to say, so many sup- 
porters now in the South, but which found very 
féw,even there, until 1848—that the Constitution 
of the United States is a slavery-extending Con- 
stitution, and by its- own force establishes sla- 
very, or what is the same thing, guaranties the 
right to take and hold slaves, in the Territories. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. myself of this 
casion to ask the Senator a question, as hc speaks 
I have no knowledge 
knowingly on this subject. 
of the fact, but it svas published in a newspaper, 
and therefore 1 call his attention to it. He says 
that respectable authority, or man of standing, 
adopts this view of Spooner. T herc was a pub. 
iication last winter in some of the newspapers, I 
fliink, stating that the honorable Senator from 
New York [Mr. SEWARD] had commended the 
work in very high terms. There was a note pub- 
fished, purporting to have come from him. Now, 
I should like to know of thc honorable Senator, 
whether he means to say that that was a forgery; 
or does he mean to say that the honorable Sen- 
ator from New York is not •such authority as 
should be considered of weight in the country on 
these questions? 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 remember, too, that the 
honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr. BROWN] 
also commended the book as one of great ability, 
here, on the floor of the Senate. He thought Mr. 
Spooner was a man of great ability and ingenuity. 
But, repeat, this idea that the Constitution of the 
United States abolishes slavery by force of its own 
terms, in any State or Territory, or that it estab- 
lishcs slavery in any State or Territory, has not, 
in my opinion, the shadow ofa foundation. The 
truth is, that upon either ground, the Constitution 
never could have been forméd atall. It was framed 
by men who knew thé words which they em- 
ployed, and the meaning of those words. They 
recognized, it is true, the rights of the StatAs to 
have persons held to Service undcr their own State 
laws—not under the Constitution, nor under-the 
laws ofthé United States, butunder their own laws. 
They acknowledged the right, änd made it the 
duty, that persons so held to service, when es- 
capino• into other States, or those States where 
such Paws did not exist, should be delivered up 
on claim of (he person to whom the servicc was 
due. But they have not declared, anywhere in 
the Constitution of the United States, that prop- 
erty in man exists by virtue of its provisions. 
They neither afhrm nor deny that it can exist by 
State authority under State law. They leave, 
just as they intended to leave, each State perfect- 
ly sovereign and independent over its own laws 
on the subject of slavery. There was a provision, 
it is true, that until 1808, Congress should not have 
power to prevent States from importing or im- 
migrating such persons as they should desire to 
have come into their jurisdictions; but the Con- 
stitution of the •Uniteil States does not refer to 
them as property, nor as merchandise; but refers 
to them as persons held to service, The law of 
the slave States makes them property; the law 
of the free States does not mako them property. 
The Constitution does not make them either. 
That is the truth about it. 
Neither Mr. Spooner, with his idca that the 
Constitution abolishes slavery, nor this fanatical 
idea that has grown up within the last ten or 
twelve years at the South that the Constitution 
establishes slavery, has any foundation what- 
I say to these gentlemen that, upon that 
ever. 
idea that the Constitution establishes slavery, you 
cannot have peace on the slavery question; and 
you may just, as well know it first as last. The 
people of •t hc United States do not believe that the 
Constitution is, and will never consent that it shall 
be altered so that it will bccomc, a slavcry-extend- 
ing Constitution by force of its own terms. We 
do not ask either that you put upon it that con- 
struction which shall abolish slavery in any State 
orin any Territory. We say, let the Constitution 
be as our fathers madc it; let it be neutral—neither 
affrming nor denying, and then you can have 
peace. 
Mr. President, one word further as to the pur- 
pose or designs of the President elect of the United 
States. He says: 
"Let me say I have no prejudice against the southern 
'ithey arc just what we would be in their situa- 
If slavery did not exist ilEnong thetn, they would not 
tion. 
If it did now exist arnong us, we should 1')0t 
introduce it. 
'L'his I believc of' the. masses, North 
instantly give it up. 
and South. Doubtless there are individuals on bot.h sides 
who would not hold slaves under any circumstances; and 
others who would gladly introduce slavery anew if it were 
now out of' existence. We know that some southern Inen 
do free their slaves, go north, and becune tip-top Aboli- 
tioniste; while some northern ones go southl, and become 
most, cruel slave Inaslers. 
When southern people tell us they are no morc re- 
sponsibie fin- origin of slavery tha\i we are, acknowl- 
edge the fact.. it. said that the institution exists, 
and that it is very difficult to get rid of it in any satisfactory 
way, i can understand and apprcciate the sayiug. I surely 
wilk not blame them iOr not doing what *bould not know 
how to do myself. if all earthly power were given me, I 
should not know what to do as to thc existing institution. 
My first injpulse would be to free all the slaves, and scnd 
thorn to Liberia—to their own native land. Buta 1110tnent's 
reflection would convince nie that, whatever of high hope— 
as I think there is—there may be in this, in the long run its 
sudden execution is ilnpossib\e. gt• they were all landed 
there in a day, they would perish in the next. ten days; ard 
there are not surplus shipping and surplus money enough 
in the world to carry there in many tunes ten days. 
What then? Free them all, and keep thorn atnong us as 
underlings? Is it quite certain tlfat this betters their con- 
dition? I tl)ink I would not hold one in slavery, at any 
ratc ; yet the point is not clear enough to denounce people 
upon. What next? Free them, all(i make them politically 
and socially our equals? My own féelings will not admit 
of this; and if mine would, we well know that those of the 
great mass of white people will not. WV hether this freliug 
accords with justice and sound judgment, is not the sole 
question, if, indeed, it is any part of it. A universal feel- 
in", whether well or ill founded, cannot be safely disre- 
It does 
garded. We cannot, then, make then) equals. 
seem to me that systems of gradual emancipation Inight be 
adopted ; but for that tardiness in this respect, I will not 
undertake to judge our bret.hren of the South. 
When they remind us of their constitutional rights, 
acknowledge. them—not grudgingly, but fully and i•airty ; 
and I wrould givc thern any legislation for the reclairnin" of 
their fugitives which should not, in its stringency, be more 
likely to carry a freb man iniQ slavery 
criminal laws are tc$liahg ane ihnöeént• 'diicP 
OUowa, TUi1tQis-;• .auguäC-21, 1858.- 
Now, I ask gentlemen upöli 
the Chamber, those. of' you Who do 
upon this agitation for the. dfriiäkiBetlté 
agitation greater'; those of' you •#lici d'ÖQh.b-t;- 
to aggravate this excitement and 
of you who peace aid the- 
the Union, why, in the speeches -tha! 'you 
culate among your people, do you not itieIg4 
these declarations of Mr. Lincoln, .made-, ahü-ii- 
dred times over in his own State; and published 
throughout the whole of the free States, with the 
full knowledge of which he has been eleetéd' by 
such majorities to be the President of the United 
States? If you want peace among your peoplé, 
why is it not just and fair; and why dre you 00t 
called upon, if you desire to quiet the alarm 
which you say existing among put 
these declarations into your speeches, and. circu- 
•late them among your people? 
And now, Mr. President, I desiré to speak Of 
what are now alleged to be the CäüSes of irritation 
existing at the present moment between the, citi- 
zeris of the slaveholding and, non.lmiehölding 
States. One which was introduced bythe' hon- 
orable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. POWELL] ille 
other day, I regretted exe±edingly to see iptfö- " 
ducod at. this time. The subject-matter of it h*is 
existed from the very foundation of the Govei'h- 
mcnt, but [ believe it is but very recently that we 
havc heard of it, in connection with this contro- 
versy. The complaint is this: that some of the 
non-slaveholding States refuse •to surrender crim- 
inals who are fugitives from justice. I know that 
upon this subject of demanding -fugitives from 
justice, the States have generally adopted this as 
the rule of their action: if the- etimc with wliich 
the individual stood charged was-a crime .within 
the laws ef the State to which he flees, he Sholtld 
be surrendered; and notothcvivisc. Such liæ.ß• been 
the practice of thc oldest StatcS, beginning Wich 
Virginia, at a very early day. When certain 
dividuals were demanded by the State of Pennsyl- 
vania to be delivered up as fugitives from justice, 
charged with kidnappinæ free negroes from that 
State, the Governor of Virginia refused to deliver 
them up, and put his ref:.isal upon" thåt gfound-. 
So, too, in relation to obtaining money under 
pretenses. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. the Senator be good 
enough to give us his authority for that last as- 
I should like to examme that. 
sertion ? 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. You will find it referred 
to in onc of the dissenting opinions of the Frigg 
case. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. In the Prigg 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir. so, too, in re- 
lation to the obtaining of property by false pré• 
tenses. We all know that obtaining property by 
false tokens, or false pretenses, was not a crime 
at the common law; it wasa simple misdemeanor, 
a cheat; but by the laws of the-State of New 
York it is made felony; and since _ they have 
made this a felonious crime, they have sometimes 
demanded fugitives from thc State of New York 
to be delivered up by several States, by Ohio, and 
other States, and they have been refused in those 
States where the crime is not made felonious by 
their own laws, but remains as a simple misde- 
meanor. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Maine refused Massa- 
chusetts, on the same ground. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand my friend 
here to say that Maine has refused to deliver up 
to Massachusetts, on precisely the same ground, 
It was because the States were unwilling that the 
State of New York, in which the great commercial 
transactions take place, should have the power to 
make every cheat, every fraud, a felony underthe 
lav..r of New York, and make those laws a kind 
of criminal creditor's bill, by which they could 
send out the process of the State of New York, 
and demand his surrender from other States, to 
bring him within the jurisdiction of that State, 
and enforce the payment of a debt. 
So, too, between the States bordering upon the 
Ohio. A man, a member of the Legislatuie—l 
believe it was of the Statc of Kentucky—several 
years ago, was indicted in the State of Indiana 
for the offense of free. negroes from 
the State of Indiana, and taking them into the 
