204 
words that they shall do as they please with 
reference to slavery. I sec no express words. 
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator thinks they have 
not that power, I would like for him to reverse 
the procecdings of Maine, and make slavery legal 
there. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, if the 
Senator will allow me, I do not dispute. the power. 
I only inquired of the Senator where the express 
clause of the Constitution was. I have not found 
If he will have the kindness now to show 
it, i will be much obliged to him. 
Mr. GREEN. It is an express recognition of 
the power. It is in express words. It is a rec- 
agnation; and if that is not an express recogni- 
tion, v..rhat do you make out.of it? 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Expressly recognizes 
what? 
Mr. GREEN. The State to prohibit 
slavery, if they choose. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. No such thing. 
Mr. GREEN. Besides all that—I care not 
about quibbling on terms and does ex- 
prcssly recogmze the retention of this power by 
the States. Again: the States nevcr surrendered 
it, and this clause expressly recomnizes thc fact 
chat they do retain it, and they exercise it.. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Retain all power not 
granted. 
Mr. GREEN. Again: 
The migration or importation ot• such persons as any of 
the States now existing shall think proper.to admit. shall 
not be prohibited by tbe Congress prior to the year •180B ; 
hut a tax or duty nuay he imposed on euell irnportation not 
exceedinrr ten dollars for each person." 
fl'here is no doubt of this fact: that these States 
have the l)ower to prohibit slavery. They never 
parted witli the power; and the Constitution rec- 
otrnizes the fact that they may prohibit it. Very 
well; some of then) do prohibit it. In what char- 
acter or capacity do thev tl•rus prohil)it it? As 
sovereign States in thc Union. 
In thus prohibit- 
ing slavery they do not conflict with the Consti- 
tution of the United States; but in a Territory 
acquired by the Federal Government, this is a 
general jurisdiction ; 
that jurisdiction to which 
the Senator from Wisconsin referred when hc 
said wo are under two complete jurisdictions. 
Yes, we are. M/ hen you are under your Wis- 
consin jurisdiction, you may prohibit slavery, 
under this general jurisdiction predicated upon 
slavery, a part of which it is, and without which 
It is no government without it. 'l'hen, 
it is not. 
i say, going into the common territory, bclong- 
ing to the common, general jurisdiction, every 
man has an equal right to go and hold his prop- 
crty. When go from the State of Virginia, and 
thc Senator from myVisconsin goes from his State 
into this now Territory of Pike's Peak, I leuvc my 
Stat_e jurisdiction of Virginia, and he leaves his 
State j urisdiction Qf Wisconsin. 
lilis State juris • 
diction prohibited slavery; uny State jurisdiction 
authorized or al lowed slavery. When wc corne, 
then, into Pike's Peak, we do not comc into a 
hostile trovernmcnt; 
but we aro in this general 
i urisdiction. 
It does not prohibit slavery. It is 
predicated upon slavery. It does expressly rec- 
ognize slavery; and I can hold slaves, and he can 
hold Yankee clocks, if he has any. 
'I'hese l.)rinciplcs are so clear, so plain, so pal- 
pable, and so striking, t.hat I. am surprised that 
the Senator did not sec them. If we acquire Can- 
ada, and it comes in as a Statc, it comes in with 
present status, save and except so far as it 
conflicts with the Constitution of the United 
If we acquire a "I"erritogy, it comes in 
Stales. 
subject to the Constitution of the United States, 
ihcre being no conflicting jurisdiction authorized 
to cxcrcisc power that can destroy any existin«y 
constitutional riffht. 
rl'hcse are my views; and I only throw them 
out for the purpose of trying to have this subject 
undcrstood, and to see whether we can come to 
Ihat point at which we may possibly agree. 
Ive cannot possibly agree, let the whole sub_ject 
I would be glad to have this amendment I 
pass. 
withdrawn, because I am anxious to get the Ter- 
ritory ora•anized without rningling with it these 
political questions. I should like to have the peo- 
plc there thrown into an organic fornn, so that 
their [)rocceding may bc a legal proceeding; so 
rnay be le•al action; and that, 
that their 
when the peoplc go there, they go with the cer- 
tainty that they will be prolectcd ip their prop- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 27, 
erty, in theif avocations, in all of their efforts 
to- benefit themselves, their wives, and their chil- 
dren. The people of Pike 's Peak territory—it is 
not named yet—now number some sixty thou- 
sand. That territory is rich in deposits of gold. 
Many silver mines have also been discovered 
there. The people will rush to them. On the 
streams, in the gorges of the mountains, in the 
free parks, and on the western slope, there is some 
agricultural land; perhaps enough to feed the min- 
ing population; and they ought to be organized. 
Let us agree, therefore, to postpone these polit- 
ical subjects; give them organism; enable them to 
protect •themselves in a proper form, consistently 
If 
with thc Constitution of the United States. 
that cannot be done, and we are determined to 
press these political questions, press them at once 
to the verge, and let us see whether we can settle 
them not; and if not settle them , let us bid adieu 
to each other, and go home to let the people and 
the States settle it for themselves. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the sen- 
ator from Missouri assumes, as a proposition 
which ought not to be doubted, that thc Consti- 
tution of the United States enters the territory 
acquired from Mexico, repeals the Mexican law 
abolishing slavery, and establishes a law in its 
In addition to what I have already said, 
favor. 
desire now to say that this proposition is in 
direct contravention of the decision of the Su- 
preme Court of the United States in the Prigg 
case, in which they held expressly that " the state 
of slavery is deemed to be a mere municipal reg- 
ulation, founded upon, and limited to, the range 
It is in violation of the 
of the territorial laws. " 
decisions of the supreme court of every State, 
both north and south, previous to 1848. When 
John C. Calhoun, on this floor, first announced 
the doctrine that the Constitution of the United 
States, by its own positive force, guarantied tho 
right to take and hold slaves as property in the 
Territories of the United States, it did not have 
halfa dozen supporters, I believe, rn either House 
of Congress. Mr. Clay, Mr. Webster, Mr. 
ton, and the great men in this body, denounced 
it as a hcrcsy. It was so much against the estab- 
lishcd doctrine of this country, and of every 
court, not only of the frec States, but of the slavc- 
holding States, as well as of the Saprerne Court 
of the United States, that it found support no- 
where. There was then no n')ore respectable sup- 
port to this new doctrine of John C. Calhoun, that 
the Constitution of the United States established 
the right to take slaves as property into a Terri- 
tory, than there is now to the doctrine of Lysander 
Spooner, that the Constitution of the United States 
abolishes slavery iu every State within its jurisdic- 
lion. 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me a 
Inoment? 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir. 
IVIt•. MASON. I merely wish to say this: Mr. I 
Culboun lives no longer, and there is no repre- 
sentative of his State upon this floor. 
I do not 
mean to interrupt the Senator further than to say, 
that I never understood him, nor did I ever uu- 
derstand any jurist in the land, ill) (rivino• a con- 
sidercd view of this question, as declaring that the 
Constitution of the United States established sla- 
very anywhere; but I understood that great man, 
and those who concurred with him in opinion. to 
say this: that a slave is property, and nothing but 
property; and that the Constitution of' thc United 
States would protect that property in the 'Terri- 
tories or upon the high seas as it would protect 
any other property. It establishes nothing; it 
recognizes property because it is property. 'That 
I understand to be Mr. 's view. 
Air. DOOLITTLE. And, 1 
stand thc honorable Senator to draw this corol- 
lary: that the Mexican laws abolishing slavery 
in the Territories, th('! instant acquired them 
werc abolished or abrogated, 
sorne ',vay 
force of the Constitution-; and that a slavehoider 
from Virginia has a right t.o enter into those Ter- 
ritorics, where slavery has been abolished, and, 
in spite of thesc laws, to hold his slave as •prop- 
erty by virtue 
of the Constitution. 
"I'hat I un- 
derstaud to your conclusion . 
Mr. MASON. The has no 
right to involve 
in any of his legal conclu- 
sujns. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is the very point we 
are discussing. 
Mr. MASON. It is purely legal. I only want 
to contradict—not offensively, but to contradict— 
any notion that Mr. Calhoun, or any other states- 
man or jurist, ever has, in a considered opinion, 
said that the Constitution established slavcry. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Do 1 understand the 
orable Senator from Virginia, then , to maintain that 
the Constitution of the United States, when we 
acquire territory where slavery has been already 
abolished, repeals or abrogates the law abolish- 
ing it? 
Mr. MASON. I soy again, sir, the Senator 
shall not involve me in any of his legal conclu- 
I understand it to be a part of the public 
sions. 
law of the civilized world, that when you acquire 
dominion, the laws of that domain remain in 
operation until the new Power abrogates or estab- 
Is not that public law ? 
lishes it. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 to that. 
Mr. MASON. That 1 understand to be the 
public law. I may bc wrong in it. Now, what 
legal conclusions may follow in the peculiar con- 
struction of our Government with fundamental 
law, or how it operates upon existing laws in a 
Territory newly acquired, I arn not going to dis- 
cuss with the Senator at all; •and, therefore, I pro- 
test again that he shall not commit me to his legal 
conclusion as to the legal effect of the Constitu- 
tion in the Territories. I rnean to say this alone: 
that the Constitution recognizes a slave as prop- 
erty. We say, not that the Constit.ution estab- 
lishes slavery anywhere, but that there is the 
same obligation upon those who administer the 
Constitution to protect the property in a slave as 
property, as in anything else, wherever the Con- 
stitution is adlilinistered. That is what we claiin. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, 1 do not 
dcsirc to be taken from the precisc point, for in 
that is the whole point of controversy involved. 
The law of Mexico abolished slavery in t_hese 
Territories before we acquired them. Now, when 
you.r slaveholding const.ituents are claiming that 
deny their constitutional riffhts in those Ter- 
ritorics, the simple question is: whcther the Con- 
stitution of the United States enters those Tcrri- 
tories and repeals the law of Mexico aoainst 
slavery, and guararkties in sorne form their rie•ht 
to enter with their slaves? I understand the ma- 
jority of t11C judges of tl'le Supreme Court in the 
Dred Scott casc to that the Congress of the 
United States have not. the power to prevent, it.s 
entrance; but I do not understand any one of the 
judges of the Supreme Court to distinctly affirm 
that the Constitution enters the 'I'erritory and 
repeals or abrogates the former and previous law 
against slavery, and gives the right to enter x,vith 
property in slaves. I say, thcrotöre, when you, 
representing slaveholding cilizens of your State, 
stand here insisting that we deny any of their 
constitutional rights, you say it without any 
foundation, in my opinion, in constitutional law. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Will the Senator me 
to interrupt him? 
IVIr. DOOLI'I"YLE. Not at present. There 
arc one or two points that I desire to discuss, and 
hope i shall be allowed to do so now. 
Mr. WIGFALL. It is merely in relation to 
that matter of law, and it is this: Mexico, you 
know, was a CathQ]ic country 
Mr DOOLITTLE. well, sir, 1 do not wish 
to go into that. 
rrhe PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the sen- 
ator from Wisconsin yield the floor? 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The gentleman may raise 
a question as to what the Mexican law was. With- 
out any discourtesy, I do not propose to go into 
a discussion about that. 
IMP. WIGFALL. well, admitting, fot the 
sake of argument, that it was a Catholic country, 
then a marriao•c could not be solemnized except 
by a Catho!ic priest 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Doos the Sen- 
ator from NvVisconsin yield the floor? 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire not to be drawn 
into an argument about the Catholic religion. 
Mr. WIGFALL. You do not hear 
the facts. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When 1 wish to 
into an on that 
subject, it will be on 
so file other day and in other place. 
too Kinz now- upon this subject, and do not desire 
' to be drawn off. I aryl coming down to the real 
I point in this controversy, 
I wish to bring gen- 
