1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 hope that my col- 
league wiit withdraw his appeal from the decision 
of the Chair. 
It is true that r was cut off the 
other day ungenerously—perhaps I might use 
stronoet• term, but I will not—it is true that I was 
cut olf the other day by a gentleman on the other 
side of the House, but the example is not worthy 
of being fbliowed; and I therefore appeal to my 
colleague to withdraw his appeal from the de- 
cision of the chair. 
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw my appeal. 
Mr. STEV ENS, of Washington. Mr. Speaker, 
in the Boston Ileraid, of Monday last, appears 
this paragraph: 
It appcars, upon investigation, that the bonds were 
stolen to borrow Inoney on for the use of the central Breck- 
inridge club during the kite presidcntiai election ; and the 
crisis in Inonetury atl'«irs has prevented the return of the 
bonds beiöre the usual time to use them tar tbcir legitimate 
purposes." 
And the Washington correspondent of The 
World, of New York city, writes, under date of 
the 24th instant, as follows: 
'l'he robbery of' the Interior Department has caused 
sonke speculation here. Lt is thouaht by some, who are 
(letnned au. .fait in Department införtnation, that the defal- 
cation of' the bonds has been goin«on since the commence- 
njent of the presidential campaign, and that toe Breckin- 
ridgc campaign club and Mr. Secretary Cobb know exactly 
how the securities werc used and iör what purpose. There 
is tittle doubt but a large portion of the bonds were depos- 
itcd as collaterai for the paylnentof nioneys raised to carry 
on the presidential campaign on behalf of Mr. Breckin- 
ridere.." 
Those, sn•, are the two paragraphs to Which my 
attention was called last evening; and they seem 
important enough to me to arrest the notice of 
It was my fortune to be the chair- 
this House. 
man of the Breckinridge central committee; and 
in the presence of the gentlemen of this House, I 
Thus the hard-earned reputation of honorable 
men is exposed to the irresponsible reports and 
declarations of this foul and filihy horde of scav- 
engers who creep in the gutters and endeavor to 
cast their slime upon men upon whom they are 
not worthy to look. In the mvestigation of this 
great crime of the robbery of the Indian bonds 
from the Interior Department, I would be glad -if 
the committee could do something to put a stop 
to this slanderous and malignant defamation of 
character. 
I close by saying that we, the mem- 
bers of the Breckinridge committee; defy investi- 
gation; we court investigation; we demand in- 
vestigation at the hands of the committee. 
with pride we can look all men in the fäcc, and 
that no man has it in his power to cast any stain 
upon us. Knowing full well that my opcrations 
In the canvass •were governed by honor and truth, 
I nevertheless deem it my duty now, and at all 
timcs, to vindicate my own reputation, and to 
brand, as they deserve, the false aspersions of the 
slanderer and the calumniator. 
LUDOVICUS BELDING. 
Mr. RUST, by unanimous consent, Introduced, 
the petition of the heirs of Ludovicus Belding, for 
the Issuc• of a patent on an entry made by theta 
under the proémption act of the 29th of Ma 
1830, of one quarter section of land in West Wasl'- 
ington land district, Arkansas, together with the 
accompanying documents; which were referred 
to the Committee on Public Lands. 
Mr. BOCOCK obtained the floor. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I hope the gentle- 
man from Virginia will allow me a single word 
in reference to [he allusion made by the gentleman 
from Washington Territory. 
will say that I endeavored to do my entire duty! Mr. JONES. I object td debate. 
Mr. MORRIS, of 'Illinois. 
If the gentleman 
in that committee, according to the best of mv 
ability. My heart was in the business; for I bé- 
insists upon his obj tion, of course I will desist. 
lieved that, in my humbic sphere, I was striking 
a blow for the honor and the renown of my coun- 
try, and for the perpetuity of its institutions. But 
here, sir, is a falsc and calumnious animadversion 
upon the honor and integrity of that committee, 
and of my own honor and integrity as its chair. 
am not known to fame; bust I am known 
mar;. 
as u•rnan who, for twenty years, has gone through 
a !ife of peril, and has faced death more than once 
in the discharge of his duty. i speak in the pres- 
ence of men who know these facts; men who have 
seen me at the head of the forlorn hope when, in 
the van of our victorious legions, I did my part 
in the great drama of the second conquest of Mex- 
ico. They well know that on my person I bear 
the wounds of service. 
In the far Northwest I have faced the savage 
foe, endured the perils and hardships of the wilder- 
ness, and done my part toward causing that wilder- 
I speak of facts 
ness to blossom like the rose. 
known to men upon this floor; and this most false, 
this inost nvtalicious slander, propagated against 
an honorable body of men, requires here the most 
I never knew, and I presumc the 
severe rebuke 
same is the case with the other members of the 
Breckinridge committee, that such bonds were in 
existence until Sunday evenin«r, when the rob- 
I have, this morning, 
bery wras made known. 
cel!ed on the honorable chairman of the commit- 
tec raised to investigate this matter, and insisted 
that. he should probe it to the very bottom. Let 
all the facts come out, and let the punishment fall 
upon the guilty. 
l' desire to say a word or two more. From an 
I have, 
investigation which I made this morning, 
ascertained that the words " upon investigation 
wore an interpolation made in the Herald offce 
in Boston, and put into the telegram sent by its 
reporter, a young gentleman from this city. The 
reporter sent it as a rumor. The Herald published 
it as a fact disclosed by actual investigation, 
which shows a disposition foul and loathsome on . 
the part of that newspaper, and worthy of rebuke 
and punishment; a disposition to resort to slander, 
Mr. BOCOCK. kvill yield to the gentleman 
from Illinois with great pleasure. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I was merely going 
to say that the gentleman from •Washington did 
call upon me, as chairman of the select commit- 
tee, this morning, and say that he desired an in- 
I replied to him, as of course it was 
vestigation. 
ny duty to do, that I had no control over the 
matter, but would with pleasure lay any commu- 
nication he might make before the committee for 
th eiraction , leaving them' to determine what should 
be done in the premises. 
EXCUSED FROM SERVICE. 
Mr. BOCOCK. On Monday last, in pursu- 
ance of a suggestion made by the Secretary of 
the Interior, and under a resolution regularly 
passed by this House, a select committee of five 
was appointed to inquire into and report upon an 
embezzlement and defalcation which has lately 
I 
oc.cnrred in the Department of the Interior. 
did not hear that committee announced at that 
time. After the House adjourned I ascertained 
, that the Speaker had done mc the honor to place 
I had no opportunity 
me upon that committee. 
then, of course, to ask to be excused; and I avail 
myself of this, the first occasion which has prc- 
sented itself, to ask that favor of the House. 
is an important committee, and thc duties of the 
committee ought to be promptly and efficiently 
discharged. In consequence of business arrancre- 
ments at home, I am liable to be called away from 
the city any day—I do not know when— 
I do not desire to keep that 
gone several days. 
committee waiting my return, and would be 
unwilling that they should prosecute their labors 
I am already entitled, by the 
in my absence. 
rules of this House, to exemption from servicc 
on the committee. By the 63d rule, a person 
already in service upon two committees of the 
House has a right to. claim exemption, if he I 
myself, så far as th-énmåtefiäl, Of tbdt COhfiåii:i'Vee 
is concerned; but 1' 
stances, that the Hoüße• *half exCåse• 
service. 
The question •was' tåkéh; -aid 
excused. 
The SPEARER subsequently appointed- 
THOMAS, of Tennessee; 'to fill the yacmicy:üius 
occasioned. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 
solvéits'elfinto the Committee ofthe Whdle ori thé 
state of the Union, with a view to take -up Housc 
bill NO. 865, known as the Ihdian bill. Perid- 
ing that motion, I move that that bill be made the 
special Order ih committee. 
I will Say"to' the 
House that the bill -is a very long one, but it' is 
a formal bill, resting chiefly upon Indian trégties. 
It will take a long time to read it, but it' will hö' 
occasion much discussion. 
snLE0'E COMMITTEE, 
Mr. MORRIS, With the permis- 
Sion of the gentleman from Ohio, I' desire .tö. lay 
a special matter beforc the House. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will yield to thegentlc- 
man for a moment. 
Mk. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I am instructed by 
the select committee of five, appointed to investi- 
gate the alleged frauds in the Department Of the 
Interior, to offer the following, which they think 
important that the House should adopt: 
Resolved, That the. select committee appointed under a 
resolution of the House of the 24th instant, to investigate 
the a\lcged frauds in the Department of' the Interior, have 
leave to sit during the sessions of the House, and at such 
places in this city or elsewhere as •they may deem advisa- 
ble ; also, that said committee be antllorized to employ a 
stenographer, at a rate not exceeding that påid to the re- 
porters of the House for' the Congressional Globe. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 would inquire 
of the gentleman from Illinois, what is the pros- 
pect of the committee being requiréd- to sit in other 
places ? 
I would nierely 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
state, in reply to the honorable gentleman from 
New York, that the committee think it very prob- 
a-ble that they may be required to sitin some other 
places—where, they have not exactly, at this 
time, determined. They do not know what the 
future may develop. r hey want the power to 
sit at some other points, if it should become neces- 
sary. 
Mr. STANTON. That is a privilege, which 
has never been granted to any committee of the 
House. At the last session of Congress the priv- 
I ilege was granted to one or two members of a 
committee to go wherever testimony might be 
found, for the purpose of taking testimony to be 
used before the committee; butl have never known 
an instance in which a select committee has been 
authorized to leave the District, exceptin the case 
of the Kansas investigating committee. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. There 
records at other points which we cannot get here. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. I am willing, so far, as 
I am concerned, to allow the cornmitteé to go 
wherever they think proper to go, in order to effect 
the object for which tbc committee was raised. 
would be willing to-rely upon their discretion that 
far; but unless the chairman of tbc committee can 
satisfy me that there is a necessity for a stenog- 
rapher to report the proceedings of this commit- 
tee, I shall bc very much inclined to vote against 
that part of his resolution. It is an extraordmary 
proceeding; and unless there is some satisfactory 
explanation upon that point, shan move to strike 
out that part of the resolution which relates to 
the stenographer. 
Mi•. MORRIS, of Illinois. In reply to my col- 
league, I wish merely to state, in behalf of the 
committee, that they think it will become imper- 
atively nece.ssary that they should hold their sit- 
thinks proper, from service upon a third com- i tings at some other point. •w e cannot now go 
I am already a member of two regular into an explanation of this matter before the 
mittee. 
It would not be proper for me to do it. 
committees of the House. But I do not care to House. 
falsehood, and calumny for political purposes, press that point; for I prefer, under the circum- I have consulted with the members of the com- 
and to break down an organization simply be- stances I first stated, to throw myself upon the mittee since the objection was -made. We think 
the House ought to trust us with this discretion. 
cause it was adverse to the one with which its generosity of thc House, and ask them to excuse 
I wish to say, in doing so, that I return We think it is absolutely necessary 
And by observing the lan- 
me. 
föuunes are allied. 
Mr. KUNKEL. Mr. Speaker, would sug- 
my acknowledgment to 
the Speaker for thc 
guage in the •world it will be seen that— 
compliment he paid me in placing mc upon the gest to the gentleman from Iliinois,the chairman 
, 'I'llOCGHT some, who are DEEMED au fait in Dc- 
I desire also to say, that in taking of the select committee, that his resolution is -de- 
part ment information, that the defalcation of the bonds has committee. 
this step mean not the slightest discourtesy to • fective im two or three particulars. The employ- 
been coina on since the commencement of the presidential 
I could ment of stenographers by Vlect- eommittees 
ca:npftign, and that the Breckinridge campaign club and 
any gentleman upon the committee. 
Mr. Secretary Cobb exactly how the securities were 
serve upon the committee with entire comfort to i! investigation of this nature always complicates 
used, Dild for what purpose." 
