THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
TilFJ OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLTRIIED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
A MEMBER. The gentleman from Virginia is 
not in his seat. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move, then, that first 
reading of thc bill be dispensed with. 
The motion was agreed to. 
The Clerk comunenced the reading of the bill 
by clauses för amendment. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 called for the reading of 
the bill, and I should like, to know who has 
withdra.wn my objection to dispensing with thc 
readincr. 
The CHAIRMAN. The first reading of the 
bill was dispensed with by avote of the committee. 
Mr. GARNETT. It could not have been dis- 
pensed with except by unanimous consent. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes it 
may be done by a majority of the committee. 
Mr. MAYN A RD. In order to obviate any 
misapprehension in relation to these items, r ask 
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and 
Means whether they conform to the estimates, 
and are required by law or treaty stipulations? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will state to the 
ble gentleman that there is not a solitary item in 
the bill which has not been estimated for. In some 
cases the Committee of Ways and NIeans have, 
reduced the estimates, but in no case have they 
exceeded them. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 also asked the further 
question, whether most of the estimates •are not 
in conformity to law or treaty stipulation ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. Nine out of are required 
by law or treaty stipulation; and all the others 
are for necessary contincencies for carrying on 
the service of the Indian department. 
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Ohio 
whether the bill contains a provision transferrincy 
the Indian Bureau from the Interior to the War 
Department ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. This is an appropriation 
bill; and, under the rules of the Honse, no pro- 
vision could have been inserted in the bill chang- 
inff an existing law. Such a provision would be 
an irnportantchange in the existing laws, and the 
bill contains no such provision. 
Mr. KUNKEL. I Ivould suggest respectfully 
to the gentleman from Ohio, that this bill be laid 
aside until the select cotnmittee appointed to in- 
vcsti«rate the charges of fraud in abstracting bonds 
belonging to some of these Indian tribes are pre- 
report, that further legislation may be necessary 
for their protection in future. 
Mr. SHERMAIN. 'l'his bill has no connection 
whatever with the Inatter which the select corn- 
mittee, to which the gentleman refers, was ap- 
pointed to investio•ate. This is thc ordinary reg- 
TVIURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1861. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. GARNETT 
and SPAULDING were appointed. 
Mr. BARKSDALE. It is evident that there 
I move that the 
is no. quorum in the House. 
committee rise. 
'TheisCHAIRMAN. The motion is not in 
order 1%ding the division of tl'le committee. 
NEw-.SLRIEs..±.'..Nö.•' 1-4, 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. GARNETT 
and HOARD were appointed. 
The committee divided; and the tellersrepovted 
—ayes 7, noes 52; no quorum, voting. 
'The roll- was then called, and •the following 
members failed to answer to their names: 
Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams,- Adrain; Ailey, 
The committee divided; and the tellers reported William C. -Anderson, Ashmore, Barr, Beale, Blair, Blake, 
—ayes 2, noes 45; no quorutü votino•. [Cries Of I Bonham, Boyce, Br.abson, Branch, Briggs, Bristo•k, .b_rown, 
Call the roll 
Mr. BARKSDALE. lhope the roll will not 
be called. Let the committee rise. 
Mr. SHERNfAN. I never knew a quorum to 
lae present on the consideration of an Indian appro- 
priation bill. If a quorum should bc obtained, it 
would not remain for five minutes. 
Mr. GARNETT. I withdraw my motion to 
amend, and move that the committee rise. 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 desire to say to the gentle- 
man from Virginia and to the gentleman from 
Mississippi, that I suppose some of thoSc Indian 
tribes will be much disturbed in conscquence of 
the abstraction of their bonds; and I warlt to show 
them that svc are willing to attend to their busi- 
ness by passing their appropriation bill. 
I T hc committee refused to rise. 
Mr. GAR.NETT. no wish to 
course of factious opposilion to an appropriation 
bill; but so long as I am present as a member of 
the House, I w'ill not permit it to pass without a 
quorum to vote upon it. The rights of the mi- 
nority are still protected by the rules to the extent 
of not permitting less than a quorum to pass an 
appropriation bill except by unanimous consent, 
and that unaniinous consent will never be ob- 
tained while I am in my seat. 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from 
Virginia submit a motion ? 
Mr. GARNETT. I move to amend the one 
hundrcdandcigb ty-firstline, by striking out" tl 
t.y," and inscriing " twenty;" and now I call for 
a division on that motion. 
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 hope gentlemen upon 
the other side of the Housc will not insist upon 
acting upon Lllis bill to-day. I doubt very much 
whether there is a quorum in the city, and this 
bill cannot be passed unless there is a quorum 
present. 
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers on the mo- 
tion to amend; and appointed Messrs. HATTON 
Tho committee divided ; and the tellers reported 
—ayes 3, noes 67. 
N] r. GARNETT. I wili withdraw In y motion 
if the committee will agree to rise; I submit that 
it is useless to continue hore in session, unless 
I there is to be a call of the House, and a quorurn 
ular appropriation bill for carrying into effect the obtained. 
treaty stipulations with these vavious tribes of Mr. SHERMAN. There are some. thirty mem- 
bors excvtscd by order of the House, who can be 
Indians, and for carryi1V on the Indian service. 
but if i brought here if nccessary to make a cuorum. 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 am aware of that; 
suppose there. is not a single item in the bill to 
am not mistaken, the payments t.o have been made 
If there is, I 
through the abstracted bonds arc a part of the i which any gentleman will object. 
am willing that it shall be stricken out, and a vote 
appropriations provided for in this very bill. 
taken upon it in thc House. We cannot keep a 
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. This bill has 
no connection with them at all. They are trust quorutn in the House to consider these formal 
funds, to be paid to the Indians in addition to the appropriation bills. 
moneys appropriated in this bill. This bill has Mr. GARNETT. I would suggest that we 
no connection with the subject of thc abstracted had better have those thirty gentleman called in. , 
I think they would better be employed in passing 
bonds at all, 
Clark, Clemens, Clark B. Cochrane, Jöhfi-Cochrane,-Cor- 
win, Covode, Curry, Curtis, Davidson, n. -Winter Davis, 
Reuben Davis, Dawes, De Jamette, Delano, Dimmick, 
Dunn; Edgerton, Ednmndson, Edwards, Ely, Eiglish, 
Farnsworth, Ferry, Frank , Gilmer, Graham,Growj Gurley, 
Hale, Hall, [familton,v-Haekin, Hickman, Holman, 
Houston, William A. Howard Humphrey, Jackson, Keitt, 
William Kellogg, Killinger *Kunke), Lamar, Landrum, 
Larva bee, James M. Leach, Leake, Loomis, Lové»Maelå'y, 
Mallory, Marston, Charles D. Martin, McQücen, McRae; 
Miles, Millson, Millward Sydenham' Moore,' Moorhead-, 
Morrill, Morse, Nelson, r€ixon, Noeli, Olihi Palmer, Perry, 
Phelps, Potter, Pottle, Pryor, Pugh,_ Reagan, Rice, Riggs, 
Christopher Robinson, Scott, Scranton 'Sedg- 
wick. Sickles, William Smith, Willialn N. H. Emith•, 
Stallworth, Stevenson; James A. Stewart; WilliaQ Stew- 
art, Stratton, Taylor, Thayer, .'l'(nnpkins, Train, • Under- 
wood, Vallandigham, Van Wyck, Vcrree, Waldron, Cad- 
walader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wasl)burne, Israel Wash- 
burri, VVebster, VVhite)cy, VVindmn, Winslow, and Wood. 
and thc Speaker havino 
The cotnmiltce rose 
resumed the chair, Mr. STANTON reported that 
the. Commiltec of t hc Whole on the state of the 
Union had, according to order, had the Union 
generally under consideration, and particularly 
the Indian appropriation bill; and finding itself 
without a quorum, had caused the roll to be Called, 
and had (Erected him to report the names of the 
absentees to the House. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move that the Housedo 
now adjourn. 
Mr. 'SHERMAN. 1 demand the yeas and 
nays on the motion to adjourn. We can then see 
whether a quorum is present or not. 
The yeas and nays fiæré ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the negative—yeas 42, nays 60; as follows: 
Y E AS—Messrs.'lXh01nas L. Anderson, Avery, Barksdale, 
Boeock, Boteler, Bouligny, John B. Clark, Clopton, James 
Craig, Burton Cruige, Crawford, Curry, John G. Davis, 
Reuben Davis, Dc Jarnette, Edmundson, Farnsworth, Flor- 
ence, Garnett, Gartrell, Hardeman, 1101ma11,William now- 
Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McClernand, Laban T. Moore, 
Niblack, Peyton, Quarles, Reagan, James C. Robinson, 
Simtns, Singleton, Stanton. Vance, and. Woodson—42. 
NAYS—Mcs.srs. Aldrich,' Allen, Ashley, Bingham, Blair, 
Bravton, Buffinton, Burkingatne Burnham, Carey, Cobb, 
Foster, French, Gooch, John T. Harris, 
Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, 
Hutchins, 
Ki Igore. DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, I,ogan, Longneckcr, Love- 
joy, Marston, McKean, McKenty, McKnight, McPherson, 
Montgmnery, Edward Joy Morris, Pendleton; Porter, Ed- 
win Reynolds, John H. Reynolds, Royce; Sherman, 
Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stevens, Stokes, 'l'beaker, 
Tt•nnbie, Wade, Walton, Wells, Woodruff, and Wright— 
60. 
So the House refused to adjourn. 
During tbc vote, 
Mr. FLORENCE said: If there were a quorum 
present, I would not object to going on with the 
It is evi- 
consideration of the public business. 
dent, bowcver, that there is no quorum present. 
adjourned, that no business should be done this 
that understanding. I do not desire to 
under 
con'lmit those gentletnen , so far as I am concerned . 
this bill than in the farcical proceedings of that 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 to amend in line 
I withdraw, however, my amend- If there be no objection, I will süggest that the 
one hundred and seventy-nine, by striking out committee. 
call of the I'.louse and the vote on the motionfto 
ment. 
and inserting " $5,000.3' 
Mr. Chairman, 8. short time ago I called for the Tbc Clerk proceeded with the reading of the i adjourn be, can celes_l . 
'Mr. SHERN'IAN. I think that there is a quo- 
reading of the bill. That objection was overruled, bill. 
There are the mem- 
rum present in the Capit.ol. 
Mr. JENKINS. I Inove that the committee 
and the House decided bv a majority that the 
bers of the special cornmittee now in session. 
to state that I shall not insist on the reading of I The qucstion was taken; and the committee They can come down and attend our sittings. I 
. really do not sco why we cannot go on witTh the 
l} refused to rise. 
the bill, but reserve, my point of order that the 
public business. 
The Clerk rend the following paragraph: 
first reading of a bill cannot bc dispensed with 
Mr. BARKSDALE. It was, 1 think, the gen- 
and in that C on- Chippeu:as, Menomonees, Winnebagoes, and New Vork rn- i 
.—lt or education, during the pleasure of Congress, per I eralunderstandino• that no business should be done 
except by unanimous consent; 
dians ' 
struction of the rules I believe the Chairman him- 
I this week 
II fifth article treaty 11th August, 1827, $1.500. 
self will sustain mc. I now offer the amendment 
Mr. SHERMAN. heard of it. 
Mr. GA RIN ETT. movc to reduce the ap- 
I have suggested, and call for a division of the 
Mr. BARKSDALE. It was my understand- 
I •propriation to $\.000. 
ing. Many gentlemen who fecd an Interest. in this 
comrnittce on it* 
Mr. COLFAX called for tellers on the amend- I Mr. SINGLETON demanded tellers on the 
appropriation bill are absent; and it, •trikes me 
I amendment. 
ment. 
14 
