1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
213 
of the people duly assembled ; and that it is in strict 
and logical deduction from this fundamental prin- 
ciple of American liberty, that South Carolina has 
adopted the form in •which she has declared her 
independence. She has in convention duly as- 
sembled in 1860, repealed an ordinance passed by 
her people in convention duly assembled in 1788. 
If no interests of third parties werc concerned, 
no question of compact intervened, all must ad- 
mit the inherent power—the same inherent povvet• 
which authorizes a Legislature to repeal a law , su b- 
ject to the same modifying principle, that where 
the rights of others than the people who passed 
the law are concerned, those rights must bc re- 
spected and cannot be infringed by those who dc- 
scend from the first Legislaturo or who succeed 
them.- If a be passed by a Legislature im- 
pairincr acontract, that law is void, not because the 
Legislature under ordinary circumstances x,vould 
not have the power to repeal a law of its prede- 
cessor but because by repealing a law of its pre- 
decessor involving a contract, it exercises rights 
in which third persons are interested, and over 
which thcv are entitled to have an equal control. 
So in the case of a convention of the people as- 
sumilv to act in repeal of an ordinancc which 
showed their adherence to the Constitution of the 
United States, the power is inherently in them, 
su12iect only to this modification: that they are 
bound to exercise it with due regard to the obli- 
gations imposed upon them by the compact with 
others. 
Authorities, on pomts like this, are perfectly 
idte; but I fear that i may not have expressed the 
ideas which I entertain so well as I tbem ex- 
pressed by Mr. Webster In his celebrated argu- 
ment in the Rhode Island casc. Hc gays: 
First and chief, no man makes a question that the 
people are the source of all political power. Government 
is instituted for their good, aud its Inelilbers are their agents 
and servants. He wi10 would argue auainstthis, illust arauc 
without an adversary. And svho thinks there is any peen- 
liar Inerit in asserting a doctrine like this, in the n)idst of 
twenty million people, when nineteen *Iliili0i) nine hun- 
dred aud uillcty-nille thousand nine hundred nnd nincty- 
nine of thorn hold it., as well as himself? 'I'here is no other 
doctrine of government here ; •and no Knan ilnputes to an- 
other, and no man should claitu for himself, any particular 
merit for asserting ••.vhat everybody knows to be true, and 
nobody of Daniel Webster, vol. 6, p. 221. 
Bat he says in this particular case an attempt is 
madc to establish the validity of the action of the 
people, organized in convention, without their 
having been called into convention by the exer- 
cise of any constituted authority of the State; and 
against the exercise of such a right of the people 
as that he protests. He says: 
Is it not obvious enough that men cannot get togethcr 
and count themselves, and say they are so Inany hat-tdreds 
and so many thousands, and judge ot' their own qualifica- 
tions. and call themselves the people, and sct up a govern- 
ment? Why, another set of meu forty miles off, on the 
same day, with the same propriety, with as good qualifica- 
tions, and in as large numbers, may rnect and set up another 
govennnent; one rnay meet at Newport and another at 
Chepachet, and both may call themselves the people.' 
rhid., p. 226. 
Tbcrefore, he says, it is not a mere ass6mblage 
of the people, gathered together sua spontc, that 
forms that meeting of the people authorized to act 
in behalf of the people; but he says that— 
Another A Inerican principle grosving out of this, and 
just as impot•tant and well settled as is the truth that the 
peoptc are the source of power, is, that, when iFI the course 
of events it becornes necessary to ascertain the will of the 
people on a new exiaency, ot a new state of things or of 
opinion, the lenislative power provides for that ascertain- 
rnent by an ordinary aet of 
in the -case of South Caro• 
We have then, sir, 
lina, so far as the duly organized convention is 
concerned, the only body that could speak the 
will of this generation in repeal of the ordinance 
passed by their fathers in 1788; and I say again, if 
no third interests intervened by a compact binding 
upon their faith, their power to do so is inherent 
and complete. But, sir, there is a compact, and 
, no man pretends that the generation of to-day is 
not bound by the compacts of the fathers; but, 
to use the language of Mr. Webster, a bargain 
broken on one side is a bargain -broken on all; 
and the compact is binding upon the generation 
of to-day only if thc other parties to the compact 
have kept their faith. 
This IS no new theory, nor is practice upon it 
I say that it was precisely 
without precedent. 
upon this principle that this Constitution was 
formed. I say that the old Articles of Confed- 
eracy provided in exprcss terms that they should 
be perpetual; that they should never be amended 
or altered without the consent of all the States. 
I say that the delegates of States unwilling that 
that Confederation should be altered or amended, 
appealed to that provision in the convention which 
If you do 
formed tho Constitution, and said: 
not satisfy ns by t.he new provisions, we will 
prevent your forming your new government, be- 
cause your faith is plighted, because you have 
agreed that there shall bc no change in it uniess 
'l'his was the argument 
with the consent of alf." 
of Luther Martin, it was the arffumcnt of - Pater- 
son, of New Jersey, and of large numbers of 
other distinguished members of the convention. 
Mr. Madison answercd it. Mr. Madison said, in 
reply to that: 
It has been alleged that tho Confederation having been 
formed by unanimous consent, could be dissolved by unan- 
itnous consent only. Does this doctrine result from the 
nature of co:npacts? Does it arise froun any particuiar 
stipulation in the. Articles of' Confederation? It' we con- 
sider the Federal Union as analogous to the fundamental 
compact by which individuals cotnpose one society, and 
which must, in its theoretic oriffin at Icast, have been the 
u nan [mous act of the coniponent mctnbers, it cannot be said 
that no dissolution of the compact can bc cfécted without 
unanimous consent. A breach of the fundamentat prin• 
ciples of the compact, by a part of the society, would cer- 
tainly absolve the other part from their obligations to it." 
•k 
If we consider thc Federal Union as analogous; not to 
the social compacts among individual men, but to the con- 
ventions among individual States, what is the doctrine re- 
suiting t'tom these conventions? Cloarly, accordiog to tho 
expositors oc (hc law.' of nations, that u breach of any one 
article, by any one party, leaves all the other parties at lib- 
crtv to consider the convention as dissolved, unless 
they c.boosc rathc.r to ccnnpc) the delinquent party to repair 
Iu some treaties, indccd, it is expressiy stipu- 
la!Cd that a violation of particular articles shall not. have 
this con.scqucne.e, aud cvcu that particular articles shall 
reinain in during war, which is, in general, under- 
stood to dissolvc ali subsisting treaties. But are there any 
exceptions of this sort to the Articles of Confederation? 
So from it, that there is not even an express st.iptllation 
that förce shall be used to compel an of-rending Inember of 
the Union to discharge, its Papers of De- 
bates in the Federat Concention, voi. 5. , pp. 206, 207. 
I need scarcely ask, I'vlr. President, if anybody 
has found in the Constitution of the United States 
I a article providing, by express stipulation, that 
force shall be used to compel an offending mem- 
ber of the Union to dischal•ge its (laty. Acting 
on that principle, nine States of the Confederation 
seceded from the Confi2dcration, and formed a 
new Government. They formed it upon the ex- 
press o•round that some of the States had vio!atcd 
proper; if not, they were to remain ay foreW 
nations. - Here'is the histöry Of the formation-df 
this Constitution, so as it 
of the States to secede from a Confederation, and 
to form new confederacies: to suit themselves. 
Now, Mr. President, there is difficulty in •thie 
matter, which was not ovérlooked by the 
of the Constitution. One State may 
thc compact has been, broken, and others may 
deny it: who is to judge? When pecuniary 
terests are involved, so that a caseM>ai) be b}öughp 
up before courts of justice, the Cons_titatiön has 
provided a ro(medy• within itself. It has dcélared 
that no act of a State, either in convention 
Legislature, or in any other manner, shan viOlate 
the Constitution of" the United States, and it:has 
provided for a supreme judiciary to determine 
cases arising in law or equity which- may involve 
thc construction of the Constitution or the eon? 
struction of such laws. 
But, sir, supposc infringements on the Consti- 
tution in political matters, which from their-very 
nature cannot be brought before the/ court ? ,Thai 
was a difficulty not unforeseen; . it was debated 
upon propositions that were made tormeet-it. -At• 
tempts were made to give power to 
Government in all its departments, one åftér•æthé 
othcr, to meet that precise case, and the convene 
tion sternly refused to admit any. It was, pro- 
posed to enable the Federal Government, through 
the action of Congress, to use force. That was 
refused. It was proposed to give to the President 
of the United States the nomination of State Gov- 
ernors, and to give them a veto on State laws, so. 
as to preserve the supremacy of the Federal Gov- 
ernment. 'Ithat was refused. It was proposed to 
make the Seno te the judge of diffculties that miéht 
arise between States and the General Government. 
That was refused. It was finally proposed to give 
Congress a negative on State legislation inteRfer- 
ing with the powers of the Federal Government. 
That was refused. At last, at the very last mo- 
ment, it was proposed to give that power to Con- 
gress by a vote of two thirds of each brabch; and 
that, too, was denied 
Now, sir, I wish to show, with some little detail 
—as briefly as I possibly can and do justice to the 
subject—what vvas said by the leading members 
of the convention on these propositions to subject 
the States, in their political action, to' any. power 
of the General Government, whether of Con- 
gross, of the judiciary, or of the Executive, and 
by any majorities whatever. The first proposi- 
tion was made by Mr. Randolph, on the 29th of 
M_ay, 1787; and it was, that power should be 
given to Congress— 
To negative all laws passed by the several States cot* 
travening, in the opinion of the National Legislature, the 
articles of' Union, or any treaty subsisting under the au- 
thority of the Union ; and to call the force of the 
Union against any member of the Union failing to fulfill 
its duty undcr the articles thereof." 
To negative all laws violative of the articles 
of Ünion , and to employ force to constrain a. Ståte 
to perform its duty. Mr. Pinckney's proposition 
on the satne day vvas: 
And t.o rendcr these prohibitions- effectual, the -Legig- 
lature of the, U(lite.d States shall have thC power to rcvise 
the laws of the several States that may be supposed to in- 
fringe tlie powers exclusively délegated by tl)is Constttu• 
tion to Congress, and to negativc and annul such as do." 
The proposition giving a power to negative the 
I laws of the States, passed at first hurriedly, with- 
I their compact. Immediately after, two otherStates 
out consideration; but upon further examination, 
seceded and joined them. They left two alone, 
Rhode Island and North Carolina; and herc is 
111 y answer to the. Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. 
should be ascertained by some regular rule of procceding DOOLITTLE,] who asked me the other day, if 
prescribed by previous law. But. svhen asecrtail)éd, that 
thirty-three States could expel one, inasmuch as 
will is as sovereign as the will ofa despotic prince, of the 
one had the right to leave thirty-three: I point 
Czar of Muscovy;or the Emperor of Austria himself, though 
hiln to the history of our country, to the acts of 
not quite so easily made known. A ukase or an edict sig- 
nifies at once the will ofadcspotic prince; but that will of 
the people, which is here as sovereign as the will of such 
a prince, is not so quickly ascertained or known ; and hcncc 
arises thc necessity for suffrage. which is the mode whereby 
each 'nan s power is made to tell upon thc Constitution of 
the Government, and in tbc enactinent of laws." 
He concludes— 
We see, therefore, from thc commencement of the Gov- 
ernrnent under which we live, down to this late act. of the 
State Df Nc.w York" 
To which he had just referred— 
one uniiönn curreut law. of precedent} and of prac- 
tice, ail going to establish the point that cliti\lges in govern- 
mout are to be brought about, by the will of the people, as- 
sell) bled under suclt- legislalivc prcnqsions as may be neces- 
'—Ibid. , 
sac y to ascertain that will truly and authentiCQlly. 
pp.• 227, 229. 
the fathers, as a full answer upon that subject. 
After this Government had been organized; after 
evcry department had been in full operation for 
some time; after you had framed your naviffation 
laws, and provided what should be considered as 
ships and vessels of the United States, North 
Carolina and Rhode Island were still foreign na- 
tions, and so treated by you, so treated by you 
in your laws; and in September, 1789, Congress 
I passed an act authorizing the citizens of the States 
of North Carolina and Island to enjoy all 
thc benefits attached to owners of ships and ves- 
sels of the United States up to the 1st of the fol- 
lowing January—navc them that much morc time 
If they thoüght , 
to come into the new Union, 
4 
full justicc was done to it. Upon the subject of 
force, Mr. Madison said, moving to postpone the 
proposition to authorize force: 
Mr. Madison observed, that the more he reflected on 
the use ot {Orcc, the more he doubted the practicability, the 
jnstiec, and the efficacy of it, when applied to people col- 
lectively, and not individually. A union of the States con- 
taining such an Ingredient, seemed to provide for its own 
'I'be use of force against a State would look 
destruction. 
more like a declaration of war than an infliction of punish- 
ment, and would probably be considered by the party at- 
tacked as a dissolution of all previous compacts by which 
it might be bound. He hoped that such a system would be 
framed as might render this resource unnecessary, and 
:noved that the clause be postponed.—Madison Papers— 
Debates in the Federal Convention, Vol. 5, p. 140. 
Mr. Mason, the ancestor of our own distin- 
guished colleague from Virginfia, said: 
The most jarring elements of nature, fire and water, 
themselves, are not Inore incompatible than' sueh a mix- 
turc of civil liberty and mikitary execution. Will the niilitiå 
march from onc State into another in order to collect the 
arrem•s of taxes from the delinquent members of the Re- 
public? Wiil they maintain an army for this 
Will noi the Citizens oftllö illVhäed Stace.usistoneanotuer., 
