214 
THE CONGnESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 31, 
till they rise as one man, and shake off the Union ano- 
gether? Rebellion is the only case in which the military 
In onc point of view, he was struck with horror at 
zens. 
the prospect of recurring to this expedient. To punish tho 
non-payment of taxes with death was a severity not yet 
adopted by despotism itself; yet this unexampled cruelty 
would bc mercy compared to a military collection of rev- 
enuc, in which the bayonet could make no discrimination 
between the innocent and•the guilty. Mile took this occa- 
Sion to repeat, that, notwithstanding his solicitude to es- 
tablish a national Government, he never would agree to 
abolish the State governments, or render them absoluteiy 
insignificant. TlÆy were as neccssary as the general Gov- 
ornunent, and be would be equally careful to preserve 
them.' '—Madison Papers—Debates in the Federal Concen- 
iion, vol. 5, p. 217. 
Mr. Ellsworth, upon the same subject, said: 
Hcnce we sec how necessary for the Union is a coer- 
cive principle. No man pretends the contrary : we all see 
and feel this necessity. 'I'he only question is, shall it be a 
coercion of law, or a coercion of arins? 'I'here is no other 
possible alternative. Where wilk those who oppose a co. 
ercion or law co:ne out? Where will thcy cnd? Ancccs- 
Bary consequence of their pt•ineiPIes is a war of the States 
one against the other. I arn coercion by law—that co- 
etc ion which acts only upon delinquent individuals. 'l'his 
Constitution does not attenuyt to coerce sovereign bodies, 
States, in their political capacity. No coercion applica- 
ble TO sueh bodies; but that of an artned force. If we should 
attmnpt to cxccute the laws or the Union by sending an 
arnaed ibrce arrainst a delinquent State, it would involve 
the good and bad, the innocent and guilty, in the smnc 
calutnity. "—Elliot's Debates, vol. 2 
Alexander Hamilton said: 
[t has been observed, to coerce the States is one of the 
maddest projects that was ever dcviscd. A Iäilure of conu- 
pliance wili never be confined to a single State. 'I'llis bein 
the case, can we suppose it wise hazard a civil war. 
Suppose Massachusetts, or any large. State, should rct•usc, 
•and Congress should at.tetnpt to cmnpel thern, would they 
not have influence to procure assistance especially lion) 
those States which are in the saine situation themselves ? 
What picunre does Lili* idea present. to our vicw? A cont- 
plying State nt war •.vith a non-crnnplying State ; Congre•s 
inarching the troops of one State into the another ; 
this State collecting auxiliaries, and rornring, perhaps, a 
Ina.iority aaainst Fedcral head. 
\ let•e is a nation at war 
with itsell'. Can any reasonable Inan be well disposed to- 
ward a Government. which n:akcs war 
and caruagc tho 
only uneatrs ot• supportiurr itself—a Govertunent. that can 
exist only by the stvord ? Every such qvter IN ust involvc the 
innocent with the guilty. 'Phis single consideration 
bc sufficient dispt).se peaceable citizen a•-rainst such 
a Debates. vol 2 
.1 p. 23 
But, sir, strong these o•ent.letnon were a 'rainst 
ivincr the power to cxcrt armcd force a •rainst the 
Ntates, somc of the best and al)lcst ruernbers of' 
tl')C were in favor of (Fiving Conerres.y 
control over Stat.e action by a negative. Mr. 
Madison himself was strongly in favor of that; 
and if that power had becn granted, the first of 
the personal liberty bills that ',verc passed would 
have been the last, Cor Congress would at once 
have annulled it, and thc other States would have 
taken warning that. cxzunple. Mr. Pinckney 
roposili0D was brought up, 
" the national 
egiglature should havc authority to ne«ative all 
laws which they should judge to be improper." 
He urged it. strongly. Mr. Madison said: 
A negative was ttne 'nildest cxpcdicnt that could bc 
devised (br preventing these lilisehietæ. 
'l'he existence 01' 
such a cheek would' prevent atte.inpt3 to e.onnnit the II). 
Should no such precaution bc engrafted, t 
o lily rein c (I y 
wotil{l be in an a ppeal tn coercion. 
Was such a rcn•tedy 
i? Was it practicable ? Could the national resources. 
exerted to the utmost, enförce 
a national d ee rec 
Massachusetts, abetted, perhaps, by several of nei2h- 
bors? ft would 
not be possible. A s•tnall proportion of the 
cmrununity, in a eornpact situation, act ill(S on tuc defen- 
Live, and at onc of 
its cxtrenlities, n)ight at any tillie bid 
defiance to the national authority. Any govern enont fi.)r the 
United States, on the supposed practicability of 
usinu [bree aaainst the unconstitutiorjal proceedings ille 
States, would prove ag visionary and thllacions as gov- 
erntncnt of of Concention, Madison 
Papers, vol. 5, p. 171. 
'Chat IS, of the C,ongrcss of the Confederation. 
Well, sir, Mr. Butler said to that, he was ve- 
hement (icyains•t the 
necrutive, in the proposed ex- 
tent as cutting all hope of equal justice to the 
distant States. 
'Phe people there would not, he 
was sure, Rive it a hearing; 
and on the vote, 
Mr. Madison, aided by Mr. Pinckney, got but 
three States for it, and of these three Statos one 
was Virginia, and he got Virginia only by a vote 
of three to two, General Washington In the chair 
hot votinm 
'l'he proposition, therefore, was di- 
rectly put down , 
but it was killed forever. 
On the 17th of ,Tulyit, was renewed , and 
ison wraikl urged the con venti01) to o•ivc son)e 
power to thc -Federal Government over Statc 
action : 
Mr. Madison considcrcd the negative on the laws or 
the States as essential to the efficacy and sectn•it.v of the 
General Government. 
'The necessity of a General Govern- 
ment proceeds. fronn the propensity 'if the States to pursue 
their particular intcrcst*, in opposition to the general inter- 
est. This propensity svill continue to disturb the system 
unless effectually controlled. Nothing short of a negative 
their laws will control it. 
'l'hey will pass laws which 
will accomplish their injurious objects before they can be 
repea}cd by the General Legisiaturc, or set aside by the na- 
tional tribunals." 
' ' A power of 
negativing the improper taws of States is at oncc the 
most mild and certain rneans of preserving the harmony of 
the system. Its utility is sufficiently disp!aycd in the Brit- 
isli system," 
This was acrain negatived in July by the same 
vote. Finally, tho 23d of August, för the last 
time, an attempt was made to give that necrative 
with a check upon it; and it was in these words: 
Mr. Charles Pinckney moved to add, as an additional 
power to be vested in the Legislature of the IJnited Stat.es : 
'l'o negative all lav.'s passed by the several States, in- 
terferin", in the opinion of the Legislature, with the gen- 
oral intérests and harnlony of the Union, provided that two 
thirds of the mctnbers ot• cach House assent to the same." 
Mr. Madison wanted it committed. Mr. Rut- 
ledge said: 
if nothing clse, this alone wöuld daunn, and ought to 
damn, the Constitution. Will any State ever agree to be 
bound hand 
and root ill t.his Inanncr? 
It is worse than 
making Inerc corporations of' tlunn, whose by-laws would 
not be subject to this shackle." 
And thereupon Mr. Pinckney withdrew his 
proposition, and all control was abandoned. 
'I*here was then to bc no control on the part of 
General Governrncnt over Slate legislation, 
otherwise than in the action of the Federal judi- 
ciary upon sucl•u pecuniary con trove.rsies as rnight 
be properly brought beförc them. 
Notwithstanding ull this jealousy, when this 
Constitution came to be discussed in the conven- 
tions of the Slatcs, it tnet formidable opposition, 
upon the ground that States were not suff- 
cicntty secure. 
Its advocates by every Ijc,ssible 
ns endeavo red to q u ict the ala of the friellds 
of State rights. Mr. Madison, in 
Patrick Mr. and Chi e f' 
Jay, in New York, against the oppouents there; 
In all t.he States, (Sin inent Inen used e c xcn•tion 
in their poxver to induce the ad of the Con- 
stitution. 
until they proposed 
to 
accozn par) y thei r 
ratifications with amend nients 
that should prevent its Ineaning fi•otn being per- 
and prevent it fron'l being falsely con- 
strued; and in two of the States especially—the 
Stat.es of Virginia and New York, tho ratification 
wus preceded by astatenwnt of what their' 
of its true rncanincr was, and a that, 
that construction , and u ride k' that impression , they 
ratified it. Sotne of the members of the Conven- 
t,ion were for asking for these arnendments in ad- 
vance. of' ratification; 
but t bey were told it was 
In tile Virgiuia convention, Mr. 
n necessary . 
wl'10 was General S'Vashington's At- 
torney General, 
tund Judge Nicholas, both ex- 
pressed the, opinion that it was not necessary, and 
that the ratification would be conditional upon 
that construction. Mr. Randolph said: 
• not considered earlv. as rat.ifteation has 110t 
vet. been spoken 
I heg t.o 
[f I did believe, 
honora ble genl letnan, that all not expressl ' 
with t.ln• 
retained was «ivcn u l) by the 
people, I dctest this 
Goverrnnellt.. 
" never thonght. so ; 
or do i 
fication, '.ve put words to this purpose, And t.liat all , 
thori ty not. •riven retained by the people, and Inay be rc 
Stun ed when to their oppression : 
t bat. no 
or restrained. h v the Con- 
,rress, auv o flic?? (it' 
United States'—I say it' do 
I couceive Khat. as this style 
E ratification "'0 u ld 
tnauit'est the principle* ou Virginia adopted it, 
should be at, libert v to cousider 
a:, a violation 
stitut.ion every exercise ot- a po nt)t expressly (Iclegated 
•sec no objee.t,ion to this. " 
And N'] r. Nicholas said tbc same thing 
Mr. Nicholas contended that the larvguaoe 01' the pro- 
posed rat.iticat.ion Ivoui(l secure every: hi which gentle- 
incu desired, as it dee\arcd that all vest.cd in the 
Constitution derived fronl people, and Inight be 
bv them whensoovc.r they *bould be' pervcrtcd to 
their injury and oppressif.»n; and that, every power not 
"ranted thereby renutined at their •.vill. No (lauger u'hat- 
ever could arise; for [says he] these expressions wili be,- 
coine a part of the contract. 
can t:ot be 
binding on Virgin ia but with these conditions. 
individuals arc about to Inn kc a contract, and one auter•s 
to it, but at the sarne t.irne deelares that he understands its 
Ineaninz. signification. and int.cnl. to bc (iVhat the words 
ot• contract p'ainly aud obviously denote) that. it is not 
to be eons( rued so as to an v supple:nentars•' 
and that 110 is to be exonerated f'rotn it '"'hon 
t ion on hill). 
soever anv such in)position shall be 
ttccnwted, 
. these Oil which he has 
assented it 110t be 
I)indinz on the 
other t H' elve 
r n like rnanne.r these conditions will 
be binding on Con- 
'I'hey eau exercise no power toat is not express! v 
grautcd theru." 
conventions, but by the common action of the 
States, there was an important addition made to 
the Constitution by which it v..ras expressly pro- 
vided that it should not be construed to be a Gen- 
era] Government over all the people, but that it 
was a Government of States, '.vhich delegat.ed 
powers to the General Government. - The lan- 
guage of the ninth and tenth amendments to the 
Constitution is susceptible of no other construc- 
tion: 
'lthe enumeration in the Constitution of certain rights 
shall not be construcd to deny or disparage others retained 
by the people." 
" 'I'he powers not delegated to the United States." 
Gentlemen are fond of using the words '6 sur- 
rendered," 
abandoned, given up. 'That is the 
constant language on the other side. The lano 
guage of the amendmentintendcd to fix the mean- 
ing of the Constitution says that these powers 
were not abandoned by the State, not surrendered, 
not given up, but " deleo•ated," 
and therefore 
su12jcct to resumption: 
"'l'he powers not delegated to the United States by the 
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved 
to the States respectively, or to the people." 
Now, Mr. President, if we adrnit, as we must, 
that there are certain political rights guarantied 
to the States of this Union by the terms of the 
Constitution itself—rights political in their char- 
acter, and not susceptible of judicial decision—if 
any State is deprived of any (Jf those rights, what 
is the remedy? for it is idle to talk to us at this 
day in a languacrc which shall telr us we •have 
rigklts and no remedies. For thc purpose of illus- 
trating• tbc arcrument upon this subject, let us 
suppose a clear, palpable case of violation of the 
Let us suppose that State of 
South Carolina having sent two Senators to sit 
upon this floor, had been met by a resolution of 
majority here that, according to her just 
weight in the Confi.ideracy, one was enough, and 
that we 
had directed our Secretary to swear in 
bul one, and to call but or,e name on our roll as 
tbc yc•a.s and nays arc called for votino•. the 
Constitution says thut•each State shall be entitled 
to two Senators, and each Senator shall have one 
VOIP.. What power is there to force the domi- 
nant to repair that wroncr? Any court? 
i Any tribunal? 
Has the Constitution providcd 
any recourse whatever? Has it not remained 
designedly silent on the subject of that recourse ? 
And" yet, what man will stand up in this Senate 
and pretend that if, under these circumstances, 
tbc State of South Carolina had declared, G' 
tcred into a Confederacy or a compact by which 
I was to have my rights guarantied by tbc con- 
stant presence of two Senators upon your floor; 
you allow me but one; you refuse to repair the 
injustice; withdraw;" what man would dare 
say that that was a violation of the Constitution 
on the part of South Carolina? Who would say 
that that was rcvolutionarv remedy? Who 
would deny the plain and pæÜpable proposition 
that it was the exercise o? right inherent in her 
under the very principles of the Constitution, 
in the rati- and necessarily so inherent for self-dcfcnsc ? 
Why, sir, the North, if it has not a rnajority 
hcre to-day, will 
have it very soon. Suppose 
these gentlemen from the North with the major- 
it y think that it is no more than fair, 
inasmuch 
as i•ve represent here States in which there are 
large nutri bers of slaves, that the northern States 
should have each three Senators: what are we to 
'I'hey swear them in. No court has the 
power o? •nucndapn•us over this body 
In the exercise of its political powers. 
It is the 
exclusive judge of the elections, the qualifications, 
tho returns of its own members, a judge 
wit,hout,. appeal. Shall tho whole fifteen southern 
States subnlit to that., and be told that they are 
guilty of revolutionary excess if they say, we will 
• not remain with you on these terms; we never 
agreed to it? Is that revolution, 01' is it the exer- 
cise of clear constitutional ricrht? 
Suppose this violation occurs under circum- 
stances where it docs not appear so plain to you, 
lont where it does appear equally plain to South 
Carolina: then you arc twain brought back to the 
irrevocable point, who is to decide? sc) tith Caro- 
says, " forced me to the expenditure of 
m v treasure, you forced me to the sheddine of the 
blood of my people, by a majority vote, ahd with 
n') y aid you acquired territory; now i have a 
So, sn•, we find that not alone these two constituuonai Fight to go into that territory with 
