216 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Decerhber 31, 
oppose him—or when, in a Republic, the nation is divided 
into two oppositc factions, and botl-l sides take up arms— 
this is cancd a eiÜit war. Sontc writers confine this term 
to a just tu•rection o:' the subjects against their soverei«n 
that lav.'.lll resistance funn rebellion, which 
to dirlin«ru.__ 
s an opc•u and unjust resistance, But •,vhat appellation 
wiil they give to a war wfiieh ayiscs in a republic torn by 
two factious—or in a n:onarchy, bctwccn two co:npetitors 
for the ecown? appropriates the tenn civil war' 
to every war between the Inct)ibers of' one and the samc 
political society. If it be between part of the citizens on 
the one Ride, aud the sovereign, with those who continue 
in obedience to Ilirn, on the other, provided the inatcon- 
tents have any reason for taking up arms, nothing ft_lrthcr 
is required to entitle such disturbance to thc name of' Civit 
tear, and not to that of rebellion. 'Illiis latter tertn ig applied 
only to such an insurrection against lawful authority as is 
void of all-appearance of justice. 
'l'he so vereign, iudc:ed, 
never fails to best.ow the appellation o? rebels on all such of' 
his subjects as openly resist hiru : but when the latter have 
acquired sufficient strength to give Iiinl emwtual opposi- 
tion, and obliae Iiirn to carry on the war awainst. tl'eni ac- 
cording to tbc established rules, he Inust oeccssarily sub- 
mit to the ttse of the tenn cieil •war.' 
It is ftn•eit'li to our purpose in this place to weigh the 
reasons which 'nay authorize and justil'y a civil war; 
have treated of the cases wherein subjects 
resist the sovereign. 
(Book l, chap. i".) Setting, therc 
forc, thc justice or thc causc wholly out of the question, it 
only reinains för us to consider the which ought 
to be observed in a civil war, and to ex;uninc whether 1110 
soverei«rn in particular is, on such an occasion, bound to 
contortn til the established rules ot- war. 
A civil war breaks the bands of society or governtnent, 
or at feast suspends their förce and efiöct ; 
it produces in 
tbc nation two independent parties, who cousidcr each 
no judge. 
'Itucse two parties, therctbre, must necessarily be consid 
ered as thencetörward constituting, at least for a time, two 
separate bodies, two distinct societies." 
How does that square with this notion about 
coercing individuals and not societies ? 
Though one ot• t.he parties tnny have been to bimne in 
breaking the unity of the State and resisting lawful author- 
ity, they are not the less divided in Fact. Besides, shall 
judge thena? VVli0 shall pronounce on which side tbc right 
or the wrong lies? ()n earth, they have no eonnnon supe 
rior. 'l'tley st.and, therefore, in precisely thc predic- 
an-Ictitr its nations who entqvrc in a eon test, 
unable to to 
atrreetnent 
—Vattel's Lau, of Nations, book 3, chap. IS, p. 
'124. 
So much for the question rebellion u nd(-il' the 
law of nations. Rut, sir, I wish to cull tllC uttcn- 
t.ion of gentlernen to an authority which, on the 
other side, is scl(101i1 dispu ted upon (1 Etcst.ions of 
constitutional alid international law. 
Mr. MT ebster. On t.lle occasion of tbc disturb- 
ances on the Canada fron tier, Alexander Mc- 
Leod, a British subject, can-le across t hc lilie in 
time of profound peace, seized a steamboat called 
the Caroline, killed one of the men on board, 
moved it Norn its moorings, set fire to it, and it 
plunged over the Falls of Niagara. Some years 
afterwards was found in the State of New 
York, arrested , and brought to trial for the crirnc . 
The Government of Great 13ritain connnunicatcd 
to this Govern ment that, as a Governmcnt, i 
sumed the responsibility, and therefore, 
under the 
law of nations, rcqun•cd that the individual should 
bc given up. Mr. Fox, in his letter to Mr. Web- 
It. would contrary to the universal practice of civ- 
iliz,cd nations tt) fix individual responsibility upon persons 
"'110. the sanction or bv {he 
the. ennstituu:d 
authorities a State, 
mazed in ilitarv or naval enter 
prises ill their country's cause; and it, is obvious Ihnt the 
o t' suc h 
a prine i vvonld agura vate 
miseries, and 
d e nioralizing cnoets (it' a t•s, by rnixi up il'itll 
c xaspcra t.i011 the 
and the 
cruelty and bitterness ()t' individnal revel] 
Iler Majesty-'s Glove r rnnent. cannot beliove the Gov 
ernment. of the (J nited States call 
realiv intend to set an 
exa:nplc so fraught w ith evil t") the cotntnuni!}•• of nations, 
and the direct tendencv of which nntst be to bring Inu:k 
in tn thc pract.ice of' Inodern war atroci t ies wh ich iviiiznti0!l 
and have long since banishcd."— WOTks of 
Daniel Webster, vol. G, p. »•ld. 
To that, Mr. mado reply: 
'I'he eornmunical.ion of' the fact that tho destruction ot- 
the Caroline was an a.ct of public ü-n•ce by the Britis;h au- 
thorities. being forrnally Diade to the Governrncnt. of the 
United Stat.cs by Mr. Fox's notc, the ease assunw,s a dc- 
(Govcrilfli(.unt of the ited States entertains no 
doubt, that 
after thiis avowal 01' the transaction as a Plibtic 
transaction, n nthorized a nd k.rnde.rtaken by the 
British au- 
thorities, individuals in it. oavrht not, by the prin- 
ci pies of pub! ic law a nd the general usage orc.ivilized St.ates, 
to be hoidell personany responsible in the ordinary tribu- 
nal.s law for their participation in it. And t.he President. 
that it hardly be neeessnry to say that the 
people, not distrustful 01' t.heir ability to rcdress 
pu blic wrongs DY pt_lblic njcan.s, cannot desire. the punish- 
111 ent of indi vidn a Is 
svhen the act. cmnplaine(l of is declared 
to have beeu an act of' the Governinent itself.' 
Works 
Daniel Webster, vol. 6, p. 253. 
ductin relation to this negotiation ;and he delivered 
a very elaborate speech in defense of the treaty 
of Washington, This brings me to the point 
which I sugffested to the honorable Scnator from 
Wisconsin, when hc told us the othcrtlay that 
each citizen owed allegiance to two sovereignties, 
and that he was bound at his peril to distinguish 
between their orders; that he could commit trea- 
son, under the Constitution, against the United 
States, and that the Constitution also recognizes 
that he could commit treason against the State; 
and yet the honorable Senator went so far as to 
say, that if his State ordered him to do a thing, 
and the United States forbade him from doing it, 
both under t hc penalty of death, it svas his mis- 
fortune to be placed ill) such a position that he 
might be hanged or executed by cither, and under 
the faw of nations have no redress, no escape. I 
answer him in the language of MI'. Webster on 
that very subject: 
In the next place, and on the other hand, General Har- 
rison was ()t• the opinion that. t110 arrest alid detention of 
Mc_Leod svere contrary to the lav.' of nations. 
McLeod 
was a soldier, acting under the authority of his Govern- 
and obeying orders which he was bound to obey. It 
was absurd to say that a soldier, who liltist. obey orders or 
bc shot, rnay still bc hanged if he does obey thenl. 
_ Works 
of Danict Webster, vol. 5, page 123. 
I do not use the term " absurd;" 
Webster wlfo uses it. But perhaps gentlemen 
_ I •will say: Mr. Webster says that he was acting 
under the authority of his Government, and obey- 
ing orders which he was bound to obey; but we 
I dehy that a citizen of South Carolina is bound to 
obey the orders of his Government. To that I 
reply, in tho language of Vattel, that no citizen of 
any State has the right to question that; that it 
is a principle of the law of nations % that the citi- 
zen owes obedience to the command of his so VCP- 
and he cannot enter 
tho question 
whether the sovereityn 's order is lawful or unlaw- 
fu}, at his peril. 
If his sovcreiffll encyacrcs 
in war—if his State declares her indep-endencc.— 
hc is Ijound by the action of his State, an(l has no 
authority to control it. Why, Mr. I) rt•nsident., how 
idle and absurd wotAld be any other proposition ! 
How idle and absurd to suppose th,at you can, in 
principle and in [)ract.ice, separate each particular 
individ 1.1al of' a State and ITIake him for 
the collective act of his Governrnent—each agent 
in turn. The honorable Senator froin Ohio, [Mr. 
PWGII,] who delivered to us the other day so rnacy- 
nificent and patriotic an appeal, read you the lan- 
gua«e of the different Presidents of the. United 
States upon that sul)ject, and cited to you the lan- 
guage of Mr. Adams, in which he said that he 
had boon forced to avoid rnaking QSC of the power 
of the Federal Government, in the State of Geor- 
gua, against certain surveyors acting in defiance 
of thé Federal authority, because he understood 
that they w•ere ordered so to act by their State gov- 
and believed themselves bound to obey 
ernment., 
the order. 
Sir, if there was at) ything in this idea in theory, 
you In ight reduce it to practice; but what can be 
111 orc absurd, tnot•e vao•ue, rnoro fanciful, than the 
sucro•cstions put out by gentlerncn here? You are 
(roil)'M now, ol.).serve, to declare no war 
and to 
coerce no State; vou are sinnply going to execute 
the laws of the IJnited States againso individuals 
t.he State of South Carolina. That is your 
proposition. 
Is it scrious? One gentlenuu'l says 
A h, where is the Inar- 
he will hang for treason. 
shal to scize, and •.vhere is the court to try, where 
is the district attorney to prosecute, arid where is 
jury to convict? A rc you going to establish 
Wii] execute the laws to collect revenue by block- 
ading your ports, and stopping them up. At 
first blush this seems a very amusinø noode of 
collecting revenue in South Carolina, by allowincr 
no vessels to come in on which rcvcnue can be 
collected. 
It is the strangest of all possible fan- 
cies that that is the way of collecting revenuc 
there, of enforcing the laws in the State against 
individuals. But first you are to have no war. 
And what is blockade? Does any man suppose 
that blockade can exist by a nation at peace with 
another; that it is a peace power; that it can be 
exercised on any other ground than that you are 
at war M,' ith the.party whose ports you blockade, 
and that you make proclamatiön to all the G-ov- 
et•nments of the earth that their vessels shall not 
be authorized to entor into these ports, because 
you arc reducing your enmny by the use of reg- 
ular constituted, recognized, warlike means? Oh, 
but perhaps it is not a blockade that you will 
have; you will have an embargo, that is what you 
mean. We are guarded here again. 'l'he Con- 
stitution heads you off at every step in this Quix- 
otic attempt to 00 into a State to exercise your 
laws affainst her wholc citizens without declaring 
war or coercing the State. You cannot embargo 
the 420t•ts of one State without embargoing all 
your- 
rts; you cannot shut up one without shut- 
ting u all; the Constitution of the United States 
expressly forbids it. 
If your blockade or your 
embargo were a peaceful measure, you are pro- 
hibited by the very words of the Constitution it- 
self from forcing a vessel bound to or from one 
State to enter or clear or pay duties in another, 
or from making any regulations of commerce 
whatever, givinrr any preference to tho ports of 
one State over the ports of another; and you have 
no more right to blockade or close the ports of 
South Carolina by embargo, even by act of Con- 
gress, than you have to declare that a soverei(-rn 
State shall have no right to have rnorc than one 
Senator on this floor. Your blockade is impracti- 
cable, unconstitutional, out of the power of the 
President. 
MI hat is this idea of executing the laws by 
armed force acainst individuals? Gentlemen seem 
to suppose—and they argue upon the supposi- 
tion—t.hat it is possible, under the Constitution 
of the United States, for the President to determ- 
ine when laws are not obcyed and to force obedi- 
ence by the sword, without the interposition of 
courts of justice. Does any man have such an 
idle conceit as that? Docs he suppose that, by 
any possible construction, the power of the Fed- 
eral Congress to call out the militia, and to use 
the Army and the Navy to suppress insurrection 
and to execute the laws, rneans that the President 
is to do it of his own volition and without the inter- 
vention of the civil power? The honorable Sena- 
tor from Tennessee, [Mr. JOHNSON,] the other day, 
called upon us to look at the example of' Washing- 
ton, who put down rebellion in Pennsylvania. He 
said well that he was lawycr, when he cited 
that General Washington called forth the militia 
I of Pennsylvania and of other States to aid in ex- 
ocuting the laws, upon a requisition by a judge 
of the Suprejne Court of the United States certi- 
to hilu that the marshal was unable to carry 
out the judgments of the court. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
I understood 
that very well. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then what on earth do 
you mean by saying that you will go into a State 
and execute the laws of the United States against 
individuals, without a judge or jury there, with- 
all these by arms? Perhaps you mc you will i! out a marshal or attorney, with nobody to declare 
the violation of law, or to order its execution bc- 
him elsewhere for trial. Not so; our 
fathers have not left our liberties so unguarded fore you attempt to enforce it? T hc Senator may 
Instructions to Illis were accordingly sent 
to the Attorney General. But Mr. was 
subsequently attacked in the Senate for his con- I 
and so unprotected as Chat. 
The Constitu ti01) 
originally provided that. no nuln could be brought 
to trial for an on•ense out of the State where ho 
conunitled it. The fitthers were not satisfied with 
it, and thcy added an amend nocnt that hc should 
not be brought to trial out of the district even in 
which he had committed it. You cannot take hilli 
out of the district. You havc got no judge, no 
marshal, no attorney, no jurors, there; and sup- 
pase you had: who to ü(ljndRQ, who is to con- 
His fellow-citizens, unanimous in opinion. 
M.'ith him, dot,crmine that he has done his duty, 
and has committed no guilt. That is the I.vay you 
are to exec.ute the laws against treason ! 
next? Oh, no, says the Senator from 
Ohio, [Mr. WADE,] that is what we Will do; we 
not. have intended to assurne such a position. Ho 
has been unfortunate in the irnpressions that he 
has produced upon the country. 
But, sir, other Ine.ans are suggested. can- 
not to war; we are not goino• to war; we are 
, not ooino• to coerce a State. 
" Z)'Vhy," says the 
Senator froin Illinois, " who talks of coercino• a 
E I State; you are atten')Dtiug to breed confusion in 
the public mind; you are atteznpting to impose 
l! upon people by perverting the question; we onlv 
mean to execute the laws ao•ainst individuals. 
Ao•ain, I say, where will be the civil process 
t which must precede the action of thc military 
force? Surely, surely it is not at this day that 
we are to argue that neither the President, nor 
the President and Congress combined, are armed 
