1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
with the powers ofa military despot to carry out 
the laws, without the intervention of the courts, 
according to their own caprice and their own dis- 
cretion, to judge wllén laws are violated, to con- 
vict for the violation, to pronounce sentence, and 
to execute it. You can do nothino of the kind 
with your military force. 
But it is and the President is weak 
enough to yield to the suggestioh, that you will 
(Collect your revenue by force—by the action of 
the power of the Federal Government on individ- 
uals. Has anybody followed this out practically? 
Is it possible? I remember that Mr. Webster 
once, as a mere figure of rhetoric, in his debate 
on the Foot resolutions, used some such threat 
as this aoainst this same State of South Carolina; 
but it wus looked upon as a n-nere beautiful figurc 
of speech. No man ever paid any attention to 
it as really a threat of the use of constitutional 
power. You will put your collector on board of 
a vessel in the harbor. 
It shall be a man-of-war; 
it is in the port; and thero you will make ever v- 
body pay dutiesbcfore thegoods are landed. 
is the next proposition, that nobody sces any 
practical difficulty about. But, sir, it is totally 
Impracticable—totally impossible. Take a casé. 
A citizen of New York owns a vessel which 
loads with a cargo of assorted merchandise, part 
frec, part owing duty, and consigns it to Charles- 
ton. He enters the harbor. Under the law he 
is obliged to make entry of his vessel, to produce 
his manifest, to go through certain other formal- 
ities. He goes on board your ship-of-war, sees 
the collector,and complies with the Orders. What 
next? There are no duties paid yet, and the man 
who has a right to the free goods has no duties 
to pay. You cannot prevent him from to 
the m,vharf and discharging then-I. There is no 
law to be executed there against an individual. 
But I will take it for granted that the whole caroo 
is a duty-paying cargo, and all belongs to one 
man, who does not mean to pay your duties. You 
are no better off. The man declines to enter his 
cargo. What is the law? The master of the 
vessel wants to go away. He is entitled by law 
to report to the collector that he is ready to de- 
liver his cargo, that nobody is there to enter it, 
and that he demands that his cargo be discharged, 
and put in public store; and under that he may 
go upon his new voyage; and you cannot change 
that, unless you change the law for all the ports 
of the United States, Or he may go further: t 
importer may go to the collector, and say, 
want to enter my cargo in warehouse;" and he 
gives a bond signed by himself and a solvent fel- 
low-citizen, that they will pay the duty when he 
takes the goods out of the warehouse. Then you 
must let him put those goods into the custorn- 
house warehouse; and you cannot changc that law 
either, without changing it for the whole United 
States; because you cannot, under the Constitu- 
tion, by any regulation of commerce, give any 
preference to the ports of one State over those of 
another. 
Mind you, you are at peace; you are not co- 
ercing a State; you are merely executing the laws 
against individuals! You cannot do it without 
breaking up your whole warehouse system; you 
cannot do it' without breaking up your whole 
cornmercial syslém ill every port of the Confed- 
eracy. Your goods are ashore; they arc in Gov- 
ernmont warehouses; but you have not crot the 
duties. A rush upon the warehouse, and the 
goods are taken out. You have got a bond, but 
you have no court to sue it in; and if you had, you 
would have no iury to forfeit it, because the jury 
would be told by the court, or at all events by 
the lawyers who defended the defendant, that the 
Government had no right to collect that bond; 
that it was a usurpation which required him to 
give the bond. 
This whole scheme, this whole fancy, that you 
can treat th act of a sovereign State, issued in 
an authoritative form, and in her collective ca- 
pacity as a State, as being utterly out of exist- 
ence; that you can treat the State as still belong- 
ing collectively {o the Confederacy, and that you 
can proceed, without a solitary Federal offcer in 
the State, to enforce your laws against private 
individuals, is as vain, as idle, and delusive, as 
any dreatn that ever entered into the head of man. 
it i4 only asserted 
The thing be done. 
for the purpose of covering up the true question, 
than which there is no other: you must acknov,'l- 
edge the independence of the seceding St.ate, or 
reduce her to subjection by war. 
Now, Mr. President, i desire not to enter in 
anv detail int() the dreary catalogue of •wron$s 
ana outrages by which South Carolina defénds 
her position; that she has withdrawn from this 
Union because slie has a constitutional rifflit to 
do so, by reason of prior violations ot the com- 
pact by ber sister States. Before, however, mak- 
Ing any statement—that statement to which we 
have been challenged, and which I shall make in 
but very few words—of thc wrongs under which 
the South is now suffering, and for which shc seeks 
redress, as the difficulty seems to arise chiefly 
from a difference in our construction of the Con- 
struction, I desire to read one more, and a last, 
citation froin Vattel, giving a rule in relation to 
the construction of treaties between sovereigns, 
and compacts between States. Among other 
thil')gs, he says: 
'The rules that. establish a lawful interpretation of trea- 
ties are stifliciently ilnportant to be made the, suba:cct of' a 
distinct chapter. For the present, let us silnply observe 
that an evidcnt)y false interpretation is the grossest ima- 
ginal)le violation of lhc faith of treaties. He that resorts 
to such an e.xpcdient, either ijnprudently sports with that 
sacred Caitb, or sufliciently evinces his inward conviction 
of the degree of moral turpitnde annexed to the violation of 
it ; he wishes to act. a dishonest part, and yet preserve the 
character of an honest man ; 
hc is a puritanical impostor 
who agn•avatcs his crilnc by the addition of a detestable 
hypocrisy. Grotius quotes several instances of evidcutly 
false intcrpretations put upon treaties. The Plateaus having 
promised the 'I'hebans to restore their prisoners, restored 
them after they bad put them to death. 
Pericles, having 
promised to sparc the lives of such of the cnen1Y as laid 
down their anns, ordered all those to be killed that had iron 
clasps to their cloaks. A Roman gcncral havin«r agreed with 
Antiochus to restore him half his fleet, caused cach of the 
ships to bc sawed in two. All these interpretations arc as 
fraudulent as that ()t• Rhadalnistus, who, according to Taci- 
tus's account, having sworn to Mithridatcs that he would 
not employ either poison or steel against him, caused him 
to be sniQthered under a heap of Law 
of Nations, book 2, chap. 15, p. 234. 
There is the text; now' the commentary. You, 
Senators of the Republican party, assert, and your 
people whom you represent assert, that under a 
iust and fair interpretation of the Federal Consti- 
tulion, it is right that you deny that our slaves, 
which directly and indirectly involve a value of 
more than four thousand million dollars, are prop- 
erty at all, or entitled to protection in Territories 
owned by the common Government. You assume 
the interpretation that it is right to encourage, by 
all possible Incans, directly and ilidiroctly, the 
robbery of this property, and to legislate so as to 
render its recovery as difficult and dangerous as 
possibie; that it is right and proper and justifi- 
able, under the Constituti0)), to prevent our mere 
transit across a sister State, LO embark with our 
property on a lawful voyao-e, without being openly 
despoiled of it. You assert, and practice upon 
the assertion, that it is right to hold us up to the 
—kind in speech, writing, and print, 
ban of man 
with c very possiblc app]iancc of publicity—as 
thieves, robbers, murderers, villains, and crimi- 
nals of the blackest dye, because '..ve continue to 
own property which we owned at the time that 
we all signed the compact; that it is right that we 
should be exposed to spend oar treasure in the 
purchase, or shed our blood in the conquest, of 
foreign territory, with no right to enter it- for set- 
tlement without leaving behind our most valuable 
property, under penalty of its confiscation. You 
practically interpret this instrument to me that 
it is cminently in accordance with the assurance 
that our tranquillity and welfare were to he pre- 
served a_nd promoted ; that our sister Statcs should 
combine to prevent our growth and development; 
that they should surround us with a cordon of 
hostile communities, for the express and avowed 
purpose of accumulating in dense masses, and 
within restricted limits, a population which you 
believe to be dangerous, and thereby force the 
sacrifice of property nearly suflicient in value to 
pay the public debt of every nation in Europe. 
T h!' is the construction of the instrument that 
was to preserve our security, promote our I,velfare, 
and which we only signed on your assurance that 
that was its object. You tell us that this is a fair 
construction—not all, some say one thing, some 
but you act, or your people do, upon 
another; 
this principle. You do not propose to enter into 
our Slates, you say, and what do we complain 
of? You do not pretend to enter into our States 
to kill or destroy our institutions by force, Oh, 
no You imitaie the faith of Rhadamisfus: you 
propose simply to close us in an embrace that 
will suffocate us. You do riot propose to; fell•ihte 
tree; you promised not. Y chi merely proposé-ntb 
girdle it, ,that itdies. And them When we; telfyou 
that we did not this bargain this Way, 
that your acting -upon it in this* Sbirit- 'i•éleases us 
from the obligations that ublddr 
no circumstances can we, consent to' live• together 
uhder that interpretation, and say: we 
from you; 
Ict us go in peace;" 
we are ansivei€tl 
by your leading spokesmen: you can- 
not do that; we have no objection 'to it pérson- 
ally, but we are bound by our oaths; if you ail. 
tempt it, your people will be hanged for treason. 
We have examined this Constitutio'h thoroughly; 
we have searched it out.with a fai-npitit, and, We 
can find warrant in, it for releasing ourselves from 
the obligation of giving you any of its benéflts, 
but our-oaths force us to tax you; we can dispense 
with everything else; but our consciences, we-pr0- 
test upon our souls, will be sorély worried if' we 
do not take your money. [Lauglitep.], That is 
the proposition of the honorable Senator from 
Ohio, in plain language. He can avoid everything 
else under the Constitution; in the way Of seces- 
sion; but how is he to get rid of the duty of taking 
our money he cannot see. [Laughter•] 
Now, Senators, this picture is not placed before 
you with any idea that it will act upon any one 
of you, or change your views, or alter your con- 
duct. All hope Qf that is gone. Our conunittee 
has reported this morning that no possible sdheme 
of adjustment can be devised by them all com- 
bined. The day for the adjustment has passed, 
If you would give it now, you are too late. 
And now, Senators, •within a fcw weeks we 
part to meet as Senators in one common council 
chamber of the nation no more forever. We dé-x 
sire, we beseech you, let this parting be in peace. 
I conjnre ypu to indulge in no vain delusion that 
du ty orconscicnce , interest or honor, im poses upon 
you the necessity of invading our States or shed- 
ding the blood of our people. Yon have no pos- 
Sible justification for it. 
trust it is in no craveri 
spirit, and with no sacrifice of the honor or dig- 
mty of my own State, that I make this last appeal, 
If, how- 
but from far higher and holiet motives. 
ever, it shall prove vain, if you arc resolved to 
pervert the Government, framed by the fathers 
for the protection of our rights intcan instrument 
for subjugating and enslavincr us, then, appealing 
to the Supreme Judge of thc u nivm•se for the recti- 
tude of our intentions, we must meet the issue 
that you force upon us as best becomes freemen 
defending all that is dear to man. 
What may be the fate of this horrible contest, 
no man can tell, none pretend to foresee; but this 
much i will say: the fortunes of war may be ad- 
verse to our arms; you may carry desolation into 
our pcaccfut land, and with torch and fire you 
may set our cities in flames; you may even emu- 
lat.e the atrocities of those who, in the war of the 
Revolution, hounded on the blood-thirsty savage 
to attack upon the defenseless frontier; you may, 
under the protection of your advancing armies, 
give shelter to the furious. fanatics who desire, 
and profess to desire, nothing more than to add 
all the horrors of a servile insurrection to the ca- 
lamities of civil war; you may do all this—and 
morc, too, if more there be—but you never can 
subjugate us; you never can convert the free sons 
of the soil into vassals, paying tribute to your 
power; and you never, never can degrade them 
to the level of an inferior and servile race. Never! 
Never! [Loud applause in the galleries.] 
Mr. MASON. 1 demand that the galleries be 
cleared instantly. 
Mr. FOOT. I second that demand. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BRIGHT.) 
'The Chair will make that order, that the galleries 
on the right of the Chair be cleared. 
Mr. FOOT, And that they be cleared forth- 
with, [Hisses in the galleries.] 
The Sergeant-at-Arms proceeded to exccu te the 
order of t.he Presiding Offcer. 
Mr. YULEE. I move that the Senate adjourn. 
Mr. MASON. trust 110t until the dignity of 
the Senate is vindicated. 
Mr. YULEE. A motion to adjourn is made, 
and it is in order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to 
adjourn is in order. 
•Mr. BIGLER. i insist on the motion to 
adiourn. 
Mr. MASON. I ask for *he yeas and nays. I 
