218 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 31, 
trust the dignity of this Senate will be vindicated 
before an ådjournment. 
Mr. BIGLER. I think it is much more pru- 
dent to adjourn. 
Mr. YÜLEE. A rnotion to adjourn is not 
debatable. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to 
adjourn is made; and upon that question the ycas 
and nays are asked for. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Can that' motion, or any 
other proceeding, be entertained until the order 
of the Chair be executed? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 
adjourn is always In order. 
If it is thc pleasure 
of the Senate to adjourn instead of executing the 
order of the Senate, they have a right to do it. 
The question being taken, by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 13, nays 32; as foilows: 
Bayard, Bragg, Davis, Fitzpat- 
rick, Gwin, Johnson of Arkansas, 
Kennedy, Lane, Nich- 
olson, Powell, rroornbs, and Yulee—13. 
NAYS—Mcssrs. Baker, 
Bingharn, Bright, Clark, Clin"- 
rnan, Colimner, Critteilden, I)ixon, 
Doolittle, Douglas, 
Durkpc, Fessenden. Fitch, Foot, Foster, Griines. I-larlan. 
Hernphill, I-tantcr, Johnson Tennessee, King, 
Mason, 
Polk, Rice, Seward, Sinnnons, Slidell, Sntnuer, 
Truinbun, Wade, and Wigfall—32. 
So the Senate refused to adjourn. 
Mr. MASON. f did not, in the 1 made, 
recollect the IICW arrangement of the spectators in 
the gallery. 
I did not remember that there was 
portion of the gallery sct apart for the ladies. 
There was no disorder there certainly, and I in- 
tended to confine the motion I madc to the other 
side. 
The PRESIDING .OFFICER. The Senator 
from Virgiuta will allow the Chair to remark that 
the order was madc to cover rnerely thc 
hand side of the gallery. It was from there the 
disorder u•occeded. 
Mr. Fb0'1'. That was it. 
'I'he Sergeant-at-A rms having executed the or- 
dcr of the Presid ing Officer, 
and the gentlemen's 
gallery ha v ing been 
Mr. BA KER the floor. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the from 
gon will yield the floor, I will now move that 
the Seymte adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
M0NnAY, I)ccenbbe.r 31, 186(). 
The House at twelve o'clock, I'll. 
by thc Chaplain, Rev. 'l'i10M.5xs _l-l. STOCKTON. 
'P Journal of Thursday last was read and 
approved. 
FROM SECRETARY OF W All. 
Thc SPEAKER. The Chair the 
House to 10 resent a coni frorn the late, 
or the present, Secretary of War. It will be rcad. 
Clerk proceeded to read the conununica- 
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, inquire 
whether that com tnunication is in reply to any 
resolution of this House? 
The SPEAKER. 
It is a connuunicatidn fl'01n 
the Secretary of War addressed to 
Enc as the 
Speaker of this House; and as such 
the Chair 
has presented it to the Ilouse. 
Mr. CURTIS. to the House, 
and read at the request of the Speaker. then I 
will not. object; otherwise I do object; for it does 
secm to nic that a communication from the head 
of one of the Exccutive Departments ought to 
come to us through the President of the United 
States. 
Mr. WINSLOW. Let the paper, and 
t.hon we judgrc what action to take on it. 
Mr. CURVT{S. I object, unless the paper is 
read at the. request of the Speaker of this I-louse. 
The SPEAKER. 
As it is a paper addressed 
cessary to start large trains of transportation across the 
plains to Utah, when there was no available means to put 
those trains ill rnotion. Acceptances were "i ven to the 
contractors then to enable thetn to start; and they did so. 
'I'he practice, thus begun, was continued for a good while 
froin necessi1Y, and was afterwards followed to afford ac- 
commodation to the contractors in their very large and ex- 
tensive work. Their purport is to give preference to the 
holder, when filed in the Department, out of any moneys 
due the contractors. 'I'hese acceptances have, until the 
past autumn, been regularly paid to large amounts ; nor has 
any complaint whatever, until then, been heard that means 
wrere not provided to meet and redecm them. There has 
never been the least concealment or mystery about this 
business. 
it was perfectly known to all who had any inter- 
est in knowing anything about it. 
"I'hcy have been given only when thcrc was a subsistinrr 
contract. out. of' which the. means to meet them would cer- 
tainly arise, and fi)r the e.xecution of whie.ll there was an 
existing appropriation. 
They arc prohibäted by no law. 
The issue or these acceptances within this luonth rested 
upon the ibilowing considerations : those given for thc last 
season's work, and which were held as collateral security. 
in ditün•ent places, contractors were all.xiotts to post- 
l)one until the next season. 
'I'hoy represented that this 
could be done ',vith acceptances which on their fhce repre- 
sented that they w•ould be paid when the money thcy called 
tor was earned by the contractors for the next season's 
work. 
'I'hc stroll {rest assurances were "iven that this paper 
was only to go. alid certainly to go, by agreement already 
:nade, int.o the hands alonc 01' those banks atl(l who 
then hcld unpai(l accepta and for which they were to 
be substituted and held as collateral security to ihcir own 
'I'he pay accruina under their contract next season will 
be more than enough to cover thc amount of the accept- 
ances predicated Oli it. 
insure this stipulation, I consented to issue the. paper 
on! y in large amounts, and in a forni which would be ac- 
ceptablc, it' at all, to those who know pcriZ•ctly the solvency 
of the contractors, and '.vho had already Inoney engage- 
Inents writh them to a large amount, and who had, as I was 
infonned, and as I belicved, already conscnted to and de- 
sired the arrantvement. 
It' these protn ises and {hithful 
etjøaut'luents had been performed, no difficulty could ever 
have resulted t'ro:u the transaction. 
It. could not. and would 
not have l)) isled or deceived any one : no expectation based 
it could by any possibility have becn disappointed. 
But. the protniscs Inade Ine werc not kept; they were broken. 
'I'l)is paper was, it seeins, placed in the 
hands of a clerk of' 
the Departinent the Interior, who had abstracted a large 
amount of the securities belonging to the Indian trust fund. 
Finding this to the case, i. liavc not hesitated to give an 
order to canec.l 
and annul those acceptances. per- 
version rendered void and of no effect. 
r an) tyratj(icd to assert thc confident belief Illat no one 
connected in 
any way, directly or rernotely, in any *hapo 
or tin•tn, ith the duties of the VVar Departnnet)t., had any 
the least, connection Ivitll or knowledge of this ernbezzle- 
rnent in it.s inception or its prog-rress. 
'l'he issue of this paper resolves its•clt' into a question of 
adrninistrative, consideration alone, [ think; alid so regard- 
ing it., I "'ill be pardoned ad vereiii" very briefly to this 
asbect 01' the subieet. 
'i'hes•e contractors have, by a long serics of' years of faith- 
, honest, and Inost cflieieRt. service, won the confidence 
and good feeling of an persoE'k* havinø au y connection wit.h 
tiiC transportation ()f' the in t.he country lying beyond 
our Ivest.eril settlelnent,:;. 
'l'hey had never failed in any of 
their encr;vretnellt.s-, and had executed Iliany of then) under 
circutnstances or peen) iar 'I'heywerc men 
01' vcry larce wealth and Inost extensive rneans, and pos- 
sesscd fully rhe conlidenee of all who knew then). 
It has 
latterly prettv evidellt that but profits, if any, 
'.vere likely to be realized frmn their operations, and this 
was put into great danger ft•cnn recent reverses in money 
'I'he revulsions which have recently swept over the 
country have arisen f'rcnn no causes which l)ltsiness Inen 
could be tåirly called upon to take the risk J? ; they have 
licen froin political causes, and not any vioiated law 
of eonnne rcial or 
Inonetary action. Under t.his evident 
thct, I was 110t unwilling to afford these cinp}oyés of thc 
Goveunnent any assistance li kcly to save thenl fronl serious 
injurv •rrowino out of political disturbances, if that could 
bc (lone H'ithout. running any risk of' loss to the Govern- 
I think such a course can derogatc nothing t'rotn a 
Illcnt. 
discretion, although the sequel has 
so [1 is tra live 
shonrn illat such a coo fidence has been lilisp'acod. 
But l.here is anot.hcr and I) igher public consideration con- 
ncctcd with the subject. of contracts turtrallsportation, and 
one ivllich cannot be overlooked with any just apprecia- 
Lion of good ad:n inistration. 
Good 
and thoroughly re 
sponsi ble contractors for transportation across our irnjnense 
plains are e.\'trcuncly important persons to our little Army, 
and (lißieult to obtain. 
is no other service like it 
known in the world, Nowhere else on the globe would 
the idea be. entertained of subsisting an army by transport- 
intr its supplies over land a distance of a thousand or twelve 
hundred jni\es through an uninhabif.ed wilderness ; and yet 
a very Iat(re part of our Aunyr is furnished and subsisted hy 
this means. 
thc present contractors, who llave so long and so faith- 
futly perturlncd their work, should fail or becmne so ern- 
of and would require months of industry and 
activity to prepare. 
It Inust be very clear to any one that a wise forecast de- 
manded of the, Government to sustain these contraetors by 
all Pair and legitimate rneans. 
I have now nearly brought adlninistration of the War 
Department to a close, and f. will be excused tar adverting to 
it briefly. "I'here is not one branch of the :nilitary service 
which is not in perfect order, as ihr as any means are ai2 
forded of knowiner—and they are very complete. Sorne 
have been particularly encouraged ; I think improved. The 
I discipline is excellent, and the accountability to superior 
authority in every department could scarcely be excelled. 
A strict economy is enforced, and a perfect responsibility 
in all money e.xpenditures is, and has been, successfully 
carried into effect. 
VVithin the four years sincc I have presided over this 
Department, not a dollar, I believe, has been lost to the 
Government bv embezzlement or thcft, and within that 
time havo been disbursed. No system of ad- 
ministration, no line ot• policy, I think, could reach better 
results. No systetn of accoußtabikity could be more per- 
f@ct. 
'I'hese facts I confidently assert; and the Department is 
everywhere Cull o!' the proofs of the;n. 
invite any investigation which the I-louse may think 
proper to institute into- any or all of my official acts. 
Very respectfully, your obedient servant, 
JOHN B. FLOYD, 
Secretary of W ar. 
Hon. VVILLIA.h1 PENNINGTON, 
I barrassed as to be unable, to do their work and supply the 
to the Speaker of this House, the Chair thouffht Anny, it would result in a;oss to the United States ofa vast 
it his duty to present. it, and to request that it be 
r I'he Clerk will proceed to read it. 
The letter was thicn read, as follows: 
IVAR DEPARTNENT, Dcconber 27, 1860. 
SIR : So Inuch has been said very recently about the pol- 
icy of this in granting acceptances to the con- 
tractors lb r ra portation 
, that I (lemn it 
duc a! i To (_:onet-ess, 
, and to Inysclf, to niake 
a short, 
unneut of the tacts connected svith the 
At onc tinie—in tbc year 185d—it bccanw- absolutcjy ne- 
stun of 'noney—probablv a Inillion dollars. 
But the pecu- 
Diary loss would bc stna!l in ccnnparison with the risk and 
damage whicb such a failure would subjcct our troops to, 
who are stationed in the deserts of New Mexico and Ari- 
zona. Should Inly aecident befall these rncn. or any sorious 
inconvenience result to thenu ft•otn a failure of a and 
certain ()t' supplic s, it would be 
diffieu\f, to 
eståna.te 
j indignation would be Ejeaped upon 
lit or deliuquent. (')fl-irer whose inefii 
eiency had allowed it. 
('01' transmission 10 be performed 
by Russell, ö•la.io:•.•; Waddell, could not cost much shott 
Speaker of the I-louse of Representatives. 
Mr. BOCOCK. I rnove that the communica- 
tion just rcad be referred to the select committee 
raised on this subject, of which the honorable 
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. MORRIS] is chair- 
man, and ordered to be printed. 
Mr. CURTIS. I should like to say a word, if 
there be no objection. 
Mr. JONES. 1 object to debate. 
Mr. BOCOCK. I demand thc previous ques- 
tion, if i am not too late. I say to the gentleman 
from Iowa, that I mean no discourtesy to him; 
but I do think that it is premature to open any 
debate on this subject before the select committ.ee 
submits its report. 
I would råther that the gen- 
tleman would delay any remarks he may desire 
to raake on this subject until we receive that re- 
port. 
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to say something in re- 
lation to tbc facts which' have come to the knowl- 
edge of the Committee on Military Affairs, con- 
nected with the making of the contract reförred 
to, and the subsequent action of the Secretary of 
-war in relation to it. 
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 sug«est, as this matter is 
before a select committee, that any information 
necessary for the country ought to come before it 
in the formal nnd regular way. If the gentleman 
has any facts, I think it would be bettei• that he be 
summoned before the select committee, in order 
that his testimon may be taken in regular form. 
Mr. LOVEJO\. lhope, then, the gentleman 
from Virginia will modify his motion, so as to 
have the paper referred and not printed. 
Mr. BOCOCK. I presume that the committee 
would prefer to have it printed. 
It will cost but 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The committee 
desire to havo it printed. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 dislike, in the face of the 
objection, to urge my explanation; l)üt while the 
Secretary of War has thus volunteered a defense, 
it seems to mc proper that all the facts should 'TO 
with that communication to thc public. 
Mr. BOCOCK. I would suggest to the gen- 
tle.man from Ohio that the communication wili 
to the select committcc. T hc public does not 
make up its opinion fronl the statements of one 
side only. The communication will go to 
committee, and furnish a subject of 
Invest.io•nt.ion 
by the committee. That committee can take the 
testimony of the gentleman from Iowa, and of 
anybody else. And let me say further to tbc 
gentleman from Iowa, that under the rules of the 
House, he has not the parliamentary right to dis- 
close matters which occurred in a committee-room 
except in the form ofa report. 
Mr. CURTIS. Ido not make a 
unteer witness to go before that committee or any 
other committee. 
I stand hero, as the gentleman 
from Virginia himself does, trying to place before 
the House every thing which ought to be pre- 
Mr. EOCOCK. appeal to the gentleman from 
Iowa, and i do not want to present, any point 
which docs not address itself to his fairness arid 
r l'he 'Secretary of 'Wur says, in his 
communication, that he has l.)een ilnp]icatcd. by 
public rumor, in the matter of thc latc defalcation, 
