1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: 1 hope there 
will be no objection to that resolution. 
There was no objection ; and the resolution m,'vas 
accordingly received and adopted. 
FAST DAY. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 the consent 
of the House to introduce the following resolu- 
I there will be no objection to it. 
tion. 
Mr. Eli LL. Does it relate to po'litics? 
does, I shall Inove that the House adjourn. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is not. 
The resolution was read, as follows: 
Whereas, by proclamation of the President•of the United 
States, Friday, the 4th day oÜJanuary next, is recommended 
to be observed as a day of prayer and devotional exercises 
in view of the dan:zers which threaten the Union and the 
Constitution thereof: Therefore, 
Resolved, 'I'hat the use ot' the Hall of the I-louse be granted 
for such purposes on that day, under the direction of the 
Chaplains of the Senate and House. 
The resolution was received—no objection being 
made—and was adopted. 
ACTION OF SOUTH CAROLINA. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 now 
move to suspend the rules for the purpose of 
taking up and passing the resolution which I of- 
fered •this morning, and which was laid over under 
the rule. 
The resolution was again read. 
Mr. HILL. I thought that resolution must 
lie over under the rule. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states cor- 
rectly; but the gentleman from Pennsylvania 
moves to suspend the rules for the purpose of 
actin« on the resolution at this time. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 ask the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania to accept this as a substitute for 
his resolution: 
Resolved, rl'hat the standing Committee on Military Af- 
fairs bc instructed to inquire and report to the House•to 
whorn and at what pricc the public arins distributed since 
1st day of January, 1860, have been disposed of; and also 
into the condiLion of the forts, arsenals, dock yards, Ec. , 
or the country ; whether they are supplied '.vitll adequate 
garrisons, and wheLher any further legislation is required 
to enable the President to afford adequate protection to the 
public property ; and that the committee have power to 
send for persons and papers, and leave to report at any 
time. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 
I cannot 
I want the President to speak for 
accept that. 
himself. 
Mr. HILL. 1 move that the House adjourn. 
'l'he rnotioh was not agreed to. 
Mr. HATTON. lmove to lay the whole sub- 
ject on the table. 
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order. 
The resolution is 110t bcforc the House. 
Mr. HOUSTON. That is right, and 1 hope 
I. call for the yeas and nays upon 
it will not be. 
thc motion to suspend the rules. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; arid it was decided in 
the negative—yeas 91, nays 62; as follows: 
VEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Admns, Adrain, Alürich, 
Allen. Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Binghtun, Blair. Blake, 
Buffinton, Burlingalne, Burnham, Canm- 
Bravton 
bell, Carry. ease, Clemens, Colfax, Conkling, Cox, John 
G. Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, 
Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, French, Gooch, Grow, 
Holman, William Howard, Willimn A. 
Hale, 
Howard, I-lu:nphrey, Hutchins, Junkin, Francis VV. K cl- 
1000, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, DeWitt C. Leach, 
Lee, Longnecker, Loo:nis, Lovej6y, Marston, McKean, 
McKent.y, McKnight, McPherson, Montgomery, Morrill, 
Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Olin, Pahner, 
Perry, Pettit, Porter, Edwin R. Reynolds, Riggs, Christo- 
pher Robinson, Royce, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stan- 
'Thayer, 'Theaker, Trimble, Van- 
ton, Stevens, 'L'appan, 
dever, Verree, Wade, W ill ton, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, 
Ellihu B. Washburne, Wells, Wilson, and Windmn—91. 
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas L. Anderson, 
Avery, Barksdale, Barret, Bocock, Branch, Durch, John 
B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, James Craig, 
Crawford, Curry. De Jarnette, Edmundson, Ethcridgc, 
Florence. Garnett, Gartrefl, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, 
I-lindinan, Houston, Hughes, 
John T. I-lavris•, Hatton, Iliål, 
Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, James M. Leach, Love, Ciiarles 
D. Martin , Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McCllernand, McRae, 
Laban Moorc, Sydenham Moore, Nib'ack, Noe.ll, Pen- 
dlett)i]. Peyton, Pryor. PutFh, Quarles, Jaines C. Robinson, 
Rust, Scott, Sickles. Silnrns, Singleton, Stokes; Thomas, 
Vallandigh:un, Vance, VVcbster, Winslow, Woodson. and 
Wright—62. 
So (two thirds not having voted in the amrma- 
tive) the rules were not suspended. 
During the vote, 
Mr. JONES said: 1 would whether the 
modification suggested by the gentleman from , 
Ohio [Mr. STAXhON] has becn accepted or not? 
The SPEAKER. It was not accepted; and the I 
vote now is on the resolution as originally intro- 
duced. 
Mr. SPAULDING stated that he was paired 
with Mr. CRAWFORD; but, as Mr. CRAWFORD was 
present in the House, he would vote in the affirm- 
ative. 
Mr. DAVIS, ofMississippi,said: Mr. Speaker, 
it is, perhaps, proper that i should. make a state- 
ment at this time. Once or twice I am reported 
in the debates as being paired with the_gentlernan 
from Wisconsin, [Mr. POTTER.] When that pair 
was made, I was hourly in expectation of being 
called home; for the reason that I had received a 
letter informing me of the illness of my wife. This 
statement will explain what otherwise might ap- 
pear strange—that is, the fact of my being pres- 
ent here for eight or ten days without recording 
my vote. 
The vote was announced as above recorded. 
PUBLIC ARMS, FORTS, ARSENALS, ETC. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the House to introduce the following res- 
olution. The Committee on Military Affairs has 
already applied to the Secretary of War for the 
inforrnation rcqUestcd in my resolution in h letter 
of the 18th instant, and have received no response. 
T hc members of that committee believe that the 
emero•cncics of the service required that this in- 
formation should immediately be forthcoming. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
Resolved, That the standing Committee on Military Af- 
fairs be instructed to inquirc and report to the Elouse how, 
to whorn, and at what price the public arms, distributed 
since the 1st day of January, 1860, have been disposed of; 
and also into the condition ot' the forts, arsenals, dock- 
yards, &c., of the country ; whether they are supplied with 
adequate garrisons, and whether any further legislation 
required to enable the President to aflörd adequate protec- 
tion to the public property; and that the committee havc 
power to send ibr persons and papers, and leave to report 
at any time. 
Mr. JONES. 1 object. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 move, then, that the rules 
be suspended, in order that I may introduce the 
resolution. 
T be question was taken, and rales were sus- 
pended; and, under the operation thereof, the 
resolution was adopted. 
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the resolution was adopted; and also 
xnoved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
INDIAN IIOSTILITIES IN CALIFORNIA. 
Mr. BURCH. Mr. Speaker, 1 am, as you 
know, a member of the committcc of thirty-three, 
and in attending its sessions, I have not been 
able always to take that caw of the business of 
I ask the unani- 
my State that I would desire. 
mous consent of the House—and I hope it will be 
accorded to me—to introduce the following reso- 
I seldom trouble the House with any 
lution. 
such motion, and never unless it is necessary. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
Resotecd., That Ilouse bill No. 299. for the paynent. of ex- 
penses incurred in the suppression of Indian hostilities in 
the State of CalitOrnia, be made the. special order of the day 
in the Committee of the WV hole on the state of the Union 
for the second 'I'lnu•sday in January next. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 object to any special 
ders being made in tbc Committee of the Whole 
on thc state. of thc Union. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f Illinois. object 
Mr. BURCH. 1 hope thatgentlemen will with- 
draw their objection. 
Mr. SHERMAN. If this be made a special 
order in any committee, it ought, perhaps, to be 
in a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri- 
If it be made a spcpial order for I 
vate Calendar. 
mittee of thirty-three • require my presence elgeå- 
where a large part of-the time ;and if thetreSoltiti:oii 
be adopted, I may so a•rrange my bukineä* asto- 
be here when the bill comes up. I hope the no- 
tioh to suspend the rules will be agreed to. 
Mr. STANTON. This is an important 
ter; and if it is to be. acted upon during-this sest 
sion, it ought to be made a special order. 
volves a large amount of money. 
Mr. BURCH. If permitted, I Could make a 
statement, that would, "I think, remove all objec- 
tion. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to debate. 
The question was taken ; and the House refused 
to suspend the rules for the purpose indicated, 
ENFORCEMENT LAWS. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the unanimous 
consent of the House, for- leave to. introduce the. 
following resolution: 
Whereas a convention of delegates, chosen by the peo- 
ple of the State of South Carolina, lately? to wit: on the— 
day of December, 1860, adopted the following ordinance, , 
namely: VVe, the people of South Carölinä.-in_eonven-- 
tion assembled, do deplare and Ordain that ofdiriange 
adopted by us in the convention of the 23d of Mhy•, '1788,' 
whereby the Constitution of the United States -was ratified, , 
and the acts ratifying mnendlnents to the said Constitü- 
tion, are hereby rcécaled, and the -union now subsisting be- 
tween South Carolina and the other States, under the name 
of the United States of America, is hereby diSsolved a-nd 
whereas the said State of South Carolina, in pursuance 
thereof, and the proclaunation of the Governor of said State 
claims to be a separate nnd independent Government, an-a 
is attelnpt.ing to exercise the, powers of such separate and 
independent Government : 'I'hereiöre, 
Resolved, That the Comnnittee on the Judiciary be in- 
structed to inquire into the same, and to report to thig 
House, at, any time, what legislation, if any, has become 
necessary, on the part ot• Congress; in consequence of the 
position thus nssumcd by tbc said State of South Carolina.- 
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 object to the 
tion. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to suspend 
the rules for the purpose of introducing the reso- 
lution. 
The question was taken; and the rules were 
suspended. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, demanded the pre- 
vious question on the adoption of the resolution. 
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman to per•• 
mit me to offer a substitute for his resolution ? 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I will hear it read. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
Resol•rcd, ':t'hat the right or n St.ate. to withdraw from the 
IJnion is not. reeognized by the Constitution, and neither 
the President nor the, Congress of the United States are in- 
vested with authority to recognize any State in any other 
character than as one of the States of the Union. 
Resolved, 'I' Irat by the Constitution of the United States 
the General Government is invested with power to collect 
the public revenues in all cases whatsoever, and to protect 
its property wherever situated. 
Rcsol,vcd Tilhat the Judiciary Committee be instructed to 
report to the House whether the laws now in force arc suf- 
ficient to enable the Government to effectually sustain its 
rights of property situate in the several States, or elsewhere, 
and to collect its revenues where an attempt shall be made 
to resist their collection ; and if, in the opinion of said com- 
mittee, the laws arc insuffcient, the said committee is in- 
structed to report the necessary bill to accomplish, effect- 
ually, the objects aforesaid, and making it the i:nperative- 
duty of the Government to calk intorequisition all the pow- 
ers with which it is invcsted by the Constitution to protect 
the property of the United States wbcrcvcr situated, and 
collect the revenues of the Government in all eases what- 
ever, by the employment of the Navy or otherwise, as the 
exigencies of the ease may require. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I do not accept the 
substitute. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope that the 
previous question will not be seconded, in order 
that we may have a vote on the amendment. 
Mr. HILL. I move that the whole subject be 
laid upon the table; and, on that motion, I de- 
mand the yeas and nays. 
'I'hc yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 move that the House 
II do nov.,' adjourn; and, on that motion, I demand 
Friday or Saturday, I will not object. 
Mr. BURCH. Modify my resolution so as to i ' the ycas and nays. 
make the bill the special order for the secondi The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Friday in January next. 
Mr. BRANCH. If tho House adjourns, what 
Mr. FENTON. 1 object to its being made the 
will be the condition of the resolution ? 
special order on a private bill day 
The SPEAKER. It will come up the first 
I adhere, then, to my original thing on Wednesday morning next. 
Mr. BURCH. 
resolution; and objection being made, I move a The question was taken; and it was decided in 
suspension of the rules, in order that it may the negative—yeas 50, nays 79; as follows: 
II YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas -L. :Anderson, 
It was 
reported by the Conn-nittec on Military Affairs at Barksdale, Bocock, Branch. John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, 
John Cochrane, Crawford, john G. Davis, Reuben Davis, 
but at so late a day that it \vas 
the last, session : 
De Jarnette, Edmundson, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gar- 
impossible to take action on it. My only desire 
trell, Hardeunan, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harris, Hill, 
is to have some certain day fixed for the consid- 
Houston, William Howard, Hughes, ' .TaOk€or19 Jenkins, 
eration of the bill. My duties on the select com- Jones, James M. Leach, Love, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. 
