222 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 2, 
Martin, Maynard, McClernand, McRae, Laban T. Moore, 
Sydenham Moore, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Quarles, 
Janies C. Robinson, Sinnns, Singleton, Taylor, 'I'hornas, 
Vallandigham, Vance, VVebster, and VViuslow—50. 
NAY g—Messrs. Adrain, Aldrich, Alien, Alley. Ashley, 
Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs, 
Buflinton, Burlingmne, Burnham, Carey, Case, 
CoE\ä.x, Conkling, Co.x, Dawe.s, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, 
cridgc,• Fenton, Foster, French, Goocb, Grow, Hale, I-Iel- 
mick, Hindtnan, Iloard, Holman, WV illiam A. Howard, 
Hutchins, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, 
DeWitt C. Leach, Le.c, Longnecke.r, Loomis, Lovejoy, 
Marston, MeKean, McKenty, McKnight, McPherson, 
Montgmnery, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Noell, 
Olin, Palmer, Perrv, Pettit, Porter, Edwin R. Reynolds, 
Riags. Sherman; Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, 
Stokes, 'I'appan, -'I'heakcr, Trimble, Vandever, Verree, 
and Wil- 
Wade, Walton, B. vve'l$, 
son—79. 
So thc House refused to adjourn. 
The question then recurred on the motion to 
lay upon the table; and being taker), it was de- 
cided in the 42, nays 88; as fol- 
lows: 
L. Ander*on, Avery, Barksdale, 
Rocock, Branch, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Jolm Coch- 
ranc, Jmnes Craig, Crawford, Florence, Gartrell, liarde- 
man, J. Morrison llan•is, John ilarris, Hatton, 
Jackson, Jones, James M. Leach, 
Houston, Ilughes, 
Char}es D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McRae, 
Laban Moore, Moore, Noell, l'cndleton, Pey- 
ton, Quarkes, Rust, Sinnn.s, Stokes, 'l'h(nnas, Vallandighülll, 
Vance, Winslow, aud Wright 
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Babbitt, 
Beale, Biugl)tuu, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briags, Buftinton, 
()asc, Clemens, Colfax, 
Burlingame, Burnham, Carey, 
Conkling, Co.x, John G. Davis, Dawcs, De Jarnette, Duell, 
Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Idly, Etheridge, Ferry, foster, 
Fouke, Frcncb, Gooch, Grow, Hoard, 
olma11,Willizun A. Howard, I-Iu:nphrey, 
Hutchins, Jenkins, Junkin, Francis Kellogg, Kenyon, 
Loornis, 
Kilgore, DeWitt C. I.,eaeh, I,ee, 
Lovejoy, Marston, McClernand, McKean, Me-Kent.y, Mc- 
Knight, MePherson, Montuornery, Edward Joy Morris, 
Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Niblack, 
Panner, Perry, 
Pct.tit, Porter, Edwin R. Reynolds, I 
Ja:ncs C. Robin- 
son, iloyce, Sherntalt, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Ste- 
vens, Tappan, 'I'hayer, 'l'heaker, Vaudever, Ver- 
ree, Wade, Walton, B. and Wells—bd. 
So the House rcf'uscd to lay the whole subject 
upon the table. 
During the vote, 
Mt. CLEMENS stated that had a 
note from General MORF.IIF.AD, of' Pennsylvaiiia, 
t•equcstino• to pair witl-i hilli on strict party quos- 
tions. Believing heretofore that none of these 
party questions, hc had 
resolutions involved 
voted; and he would, on that ground, w, 
ao•tun vote. 
He voted in the negative. 
Mr. HINDMAN stated, ill order that the issue 
and 
micrht be met directly and at once, 
from thosc with whom he was in the habitof act- 
ing, that he would vote in the neøativc. 
Mr. QUARLES stated that Mr. was 
absent with the select committee of thirty-three 
Mr. PEYTON that, Mr. was 
did not recollect. 
paired, but 'Vith hc 
MI'. PRYOR, not being within the bar 
asked leave to vote. 
his narnc was called, 
Mr. 'THEA KER obiected. 
Mr. PR YOR would voted in the 
The vote was announced as above recorded. 
1 2uove that the 
Mr. I-IARRLS, of Maryland. 
Mr. SHERMÄN. this resolution will 
be disposed of to-day. Wednesday, whcn it will 
will next come up, if we adjourn now, ought to 
be devoted to the transaction of important busi- 
ness of a practical character. 
'I' ho question was taken; and the House rc- 
fusc.d to adjourn. 
'I'hc question then recurred on seconding the 
demand for the previous question. 
The SPEAKER tellers; and Messrs. 
SPINNER and were appointed. 
The quost.ion was taken; and 
ported—ayes 35, noes 82; no quorum voting. 
Mr. HILL. move that. do now 
adiourn. 
IVIu• ANDERSON, Missouri. If 
to adjourn be withdrawn, wilt it he in ardor to 
move that the Elouse resolve itself into a Colli- 
L lie on tbc state of the Union ? 
m i twe 
The, SP EAKER. As there is no quoruxn prcs- 
ent, if the motion to adjourn be withdrawn, It 
would not bc in order to Inove to (ro into com- 
mittec. 
I hope there will a rc- 
Mr. SHERMAX 
count. 
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, 
there will be a recount. 
sideration , as the Commit.teo on Claims l')ad form- 
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri, objected. 
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeaå and nays erly reported on the case: which was agreed to. 
Mr. FOOT. I move that the Committee on 
on the resolution to adjourn. 
Ciaims, to whom was referred the adverse report 
The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to inquire, if i, of the Court of' Claims on the claim of Samuel 
the House adjourn now, will this be the first busi- Norris, be discharg•ed from its further considera- 
tion, and that it be referred to the C01nmittee on 
ness on Monday morning? 
The SPEAKER. It Will be. 
Tellers were. ordered on the motion to adjourn; 
and Messrs. SPINNER and BRIGGS were appointed. 
The House divided; und the tellers reported— 
ayes 5(), nocs 75. 
The question recurring on seconding the pre- 
vious question, the tellers resumed their places. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes 18, noes 7()—no quorum voting. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved that there be a call of i 
the House. 
i 'The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. BARKSDALE moved that the House 
adjourn. 
'Mr. SICKLES demanded the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to. 
The roll of the Mouse was then called, when 
the followino• members failed to answer to their 
names: 
Messrs. Charles F. Adalns, Willitun C. Anderson, Ash- 
more, Barr, Barret, Bonham, Boteler, Bouligny, Boyce, 
Brown, Burch, Burnett, Butterfield, 
I!rabson, Bristow 
Carnpbell, Carter, Horace F. Clark, Clopton, Clark B.Coch- 
rane, Corwin, Covode, Jan)es Craig, Burton Craige, Curry, 
II. Winter Davis, Delano, Dilmnick, 
Curtis, 
I)unn, Edmundson, Edwards, English, Ferry, Frank, Gil- 
Haskin, Ilawkins, Elick- 
mer, Graham, Hall, il;unilton, 
Keitt, Williann Kellogg, Killin- 
man, Ilurnpbrey, Irvine 
ger, Kunkel, l.,atnar, Landru n), Lcake, Maclay, Mallory, 
McQueen, Miles, M Olson, Millward, Sydenha:n Moore, 
Moorhead, Mon•ill, Nelson, Nixon, Phelps, Potter, Pottie, 
Pugh, Reagan, John II. Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Rot)- 
inson, Rutiin, Scott, Scranton, Sedgwiek, Willian-u Sinith, 
Willialll N. H. Sinitll, Stallworth, Stevenson, 
A. Stewart, WV illialn Stewart, Stout, Stratton, 
'lhuin, Underwood, Van MTyck, Waldron, Cad- 
Israel iVashburn, VVlliteiey, Win- 
waiader C. Washburn , 
dotn, VVinslow, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodson. 
SPEAKER. will now be closed, 
arid the roll of absentees will be called for ex- 
Mr. STANTON. 1 do trust not to be 
disciplined at this stage of the scs.sion—the day 
before New Year, only a fair quorum of mem- 
bers in the city, and when business can be pt•c- 
vented by any halt* dozen members. This is an 
inopportune time to discipline the House by a call 
of the House. As to the matter pending, it is of 
consequence whether we have vote upon it 
now not. Thercfore, I move that the I-louse 
do now adjourn. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I hope we will not 
I hope we shall show onc day o? earnest 
efPot•t for t,hc transaction of public business. 
The ni0tion was agu•ccd to; and thereupon the 
a ourncd until 
I-louse (at three o'clock, p. m.) 
Wednesday next. 
IN SENATE. 
WEDNESDAY, January 2, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURI.EY. 
The Journal of Monday last was read and 
approved. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIAL. 
I'vrr. HUNTER. 1 ask to present poti- 
lion of importers of hardware in the city of New 
also pot.itions 
York agailis;t the pending taritF bill ; 
har(lware in St. Louis, Mis- 
from ini porters 
Virginia; Chicago, Illi110is; 
sourr, 
Milwaukee, Ni'Visconsin; New II-laven, Connecti- 
cut; Maryland ; and Detroit, Michigan. 
As that bill is no longer before the Committee on 
Finance, but is on the table, I ask that these peti- 
t.ions Inay lie on the t 
The petitions were ordered to lic on the table. 
Mr. BIGLER presented the of Dr. 
Isaac J. Hayes, now on a voyage of discovery in 
the Arctic seas, praying for a changc of name of 
the schooner Spring Hill to United States; which 
was referred to the Committee on Commerce. 
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military 
A {Fairs and Nflilitia, to whom was referred the 
I i petition of NV. L. S. I)earing, prayin«r payrnent 
for furnishin" horses and equipe'-urc fi_n• a company 
of Tennessee volunteers for the Florida war, im 
1837, asked to be discharged from its further con- 
Indian Affairs; it coming more strictly within the 
jurisdiction of the latter committee. 
The motion was agreed to. 
FORTS AND ARSF.NALS IN STATES. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 ask the consent oftheSen- 
ate to offer a resolution. I do not propose to call 
it up now for consideration. I only ask that it be 
read for information. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
Whereas certain forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, 
and other needful buildings, have been placed under the 
•exclusive jurisdiction of ihc United States by a cession to 
that eift)ct. from certain States, and it may be the desire of 
one or illore of those States to resume the jurisdiction thus 
ceded: Now, thereiöre, 
Be it resolved, 'l'hat the President of the United States 
ought to be authorized by law, upon the application of the 
Legislature, or ofa regular convention of the people, of any 
such States, to retrocede this jurisdiction to such States, 
upon taking proper security the, sato-keeping and return 
ot• ail the property tho Unit.cd Stateö, or for paying for 
the value of the satnc if destroyed or injured by the act of 
anv of the States making such application. 
The resolution lies over, under the rules. 
TERRITORY 01,' ARIZUMA. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 ask an order of the Senate 
to repriY1t Senate bill No. 365, with amendments 
adopted, so that we may have it in its corrected 
shape. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FITZPAT- 
YUCK in the chair.) 'I'he Senator from Missouri 
moves to reprint bill S. No. 365, to provide a 
temporary •government for the Territory of Ari- 
zuma, and to create the office of surveyor general 
therein. 
The motion was agreed to. 
MESSAGE FROM 110USE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. HAYES, Chief Clerk, announced that the 
House had ordered thc printing of the following 
(locuments, on Monday, December 31, 1860: 
Letter from the Secretary of War, in reference 
to the policy of granting acceptances of that De- 
partinent to mail-contractors across the plains— 
ordered at twelve o'clock and thirty minutes. 
Letter from the Secretary of War, communi- 
cating estimates for the publication of Manual for 
Parades and Reviews—ordered at twelve o'clock 
and thirty-two minutes. 
Letter from the Secretary of »lar, transmitting 
an cstilnate for the construction of certain con- 
veniences to the Winder Building—ordered ut 
twelve o'clock and thirty-three minutes. 
Memorial and constitution of the people of the 
Territory of Utah, asking admission into the 
Union—ordered at twelve o'clock and thirty-four 
minutes. 
COMMITTEE SERVICE. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 had the honor,Mr. 
President, to be placed at the head of the Cmn- 
I have served a long 
able to attend to its dat.ies. 
while on the committco•, but I have been unable 
at this session, owit)ff to the pressure of other en- 
to do any duty as chairman of the 
I hope I am 
Revolutionary Claims Committee. 
not showing any disposition to ask undue favors 
when I ask the Senate to excuse me from service 
on that committee. 
The question being put, Mr. CRITTENDEN was 
excused . 
ORDER BUSINESS. 
Mr. LANE. 1 move to take up the bill (S. 
No. 322) reported by the Corn tnittee on Military 
Affairs, to certain military roads in the 
'I'erritory of Nevv' Mexico. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 apprehend that it will 
take sol-ne time tn dispose of the bill. There is 
a question pending, upon which we adjourned 
last Monday, on which* the Senator from-Oregon 
f Mr. BAKER] has the floor; and I think it hardly 
worth while to take up a bill of this character at 
this hour. 
MP. LANE. I think we can get through with 
it in the morning hour. This is a bill that was 
well considercd by the Committee on Nfilitary 
