18619 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBD. 
'223 
Affairs. They believed the roads provided for I want to interfere with this discussion at all; but 
were necessary to be completed; and I should be there is a question in which my constituents, at 
glad to have action on the bill. 
1 am sure it can li least, have a deeper interest than in any other 
be disposed of Nithin the morning hour. 
boforc Congress—a bill which is the special order 
for one o•clock to-day. 
TRUMBULL. 1 inquire whether the un- 
I nad expected to give 
finished business of the morning hour does not 
come up this morning? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FITZPAT- 
RICK.) The Chair is not apprised that all the 
memorials and reports have been presented by 
Senators; butafter that, the first business in order 
will be the resolution to which the Senator from 
Illinois refers. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then 1 ask that that be 
taken up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques- 
tion, however, is on the motion of the Senator 
from Oregon. 
I suppose he moves to postpone 
the further consideration of that resolution, and 
all previous orders, until the hour of one o'clock, 
and to proceed to the consideration of the bill 
named by him. 
Mr. LANE. That is my motion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion 
is in order; and it is competent for the Senatc to 
so determine. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 certainly hope that will 
not be done; and I apprehend that, if the Senate 
understand the character of the motion, it will not 
be done. Here is ar motion to take up a bill which 
will lead certainly to some discussion, which has 
not been considered of late, hovvever much atten- 
tion may have been given to it at the last session, 
and to supersede all other orders for the purpose 
of taking it up, and especially to supersede that 
order upon which the Senator from Oregon [Mr. 
BAKER] has the floor. 
I think it would be unjust 
to him; and f trust the Senate will not adopt the 
motion of the other Senator frcnn Oregon. 
MI'. LANE. I havc not the slightest desire to 
interfere with the Senator from Oregon. My de- 
sire is to get action this mornini-r on this bill. 
It 
is regarded as necessary for the public interest, 
for the transportation of troops and supplies. As 
I said before, the bill was well and tlioroughly I 
considered by the Commitlee on Military Affairs 
at the last session, and reported with a recom- 
mendation that it pass. Now, I think, if the Scn- 
ator from Illinois will allow, the bill to come up, 
it will consume no time; but we can have a vote, 
and pass it right through the Senate. 
I look upon 
it as necessary for the public good; and therefore 
I ask for action upon it. But I assure the Son- 
ator that, if any discussion arises, if it shall ap- 
pear that it will bc in the way at all of any other 
business, or of the privilege of any Senator, I will 
agree that it Shail be laid over. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to say to the 
Senator from Oregon that his colleague has the 
floor now, and he is interposing this bill 
way of his right. The resolution upon which he 
has the floor is the matter In order at this time. 
Now, the Senator proposes to come in and re- 
move that out of the way, and take up another 
He proposes, as I understand him, to post- 
way to-day to the Senator from Illinois; for, as 
we have all seen, he has been trying for some 
weeks to 'Yet the floor, and I thought it was due 
to him that I should not press the question so far 
as he was concerned. I do not want to interfere 
with this discussion that is going on in the Sen- 
ate; but I feel it my duty to call up atone o'clock 
thc special order, which is the Pacific railroad bill. 
I shall greatly regret if, by doing so, I interfere 
with any gentleman who wishes to address the 
Senate; but I am anxious to get action on this 
.-lt is welf understood by the Senate, 
question . 
by every member, us well by those who are for 
the measurc as those who are against it; and inm 
asmucli as I believe no railroad bill can pass, ex- 
cept the one that came to us from the House, it 
seems to me that a very short time will enable us 
to dispose of that question. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Allow me to ask the sena- 
tor from California, whether the bill; as passed 
by the House, has becn printed by thc Senate? 
Mr. GYVIN. Yes, sir; 
it has been printed for 
ten days. 
I must insist on the special order. 
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, 1 did not quite 
hear what thc honorable Senator from California 
said upon the subject of the Pacific railroad bill, 
which I understand to be the special order for to- 
day at one o'clock; but, coming from tho Pacific 
coast, I feel it my dutv to say, promptly and dc- 
cidedly, that I cannot 'feel for an instant that any 
word of mine for the Union and the perpetuity of 
free (movernment on this continent can compare 
in importance or value with the Pacific railroad 
bill, which, in my judgment, is an act tending to 
make perpetual the Üni01') of these States. There- 
fore I will, following the lead of the honorable 
Senator frorn akifornia, yield any pretension that 
I Ilia y havo t the floor now, at one o'clock, at 
any time, or, if&eed be, forever, that that bill may 
pass. 
Mr. LANE. Then, MY. President, there can 
be no objection to taking up this little bill. I only 
war)t it up in the morning hour. 
do not want 
to interfere with any spccial order. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. wish to have any 
conflicting claim acyain with rny friend frotn Orc- 
TOY) , for the floor to-inorrow. if he waives to-day, 
[ wish to knox.v which of us xvili 
be entitled to 
the floor to-inorrow. I havo felt compelled to 
o•ive way to hitn to-day, under the circumstances, 
but I do not vvrant to adjourn it over, and have 
another conflict with •him to-morrow. 
N! r. BAKER. Quite unused to the courtesies 
of the Senate, and quite willingr to submit to its 
habit, I feel In y.sclf entirely antible Lo discuss 
these questions of precedence or regularity, and 
I navself totally indifferent at what, tilne 
I speak, 01' when speak, or .really whether I 
Mr. LANE. The Senator -from cer- 
tainly cOnsumes the 'time of •the Senate hi.inself, 
not I. I understood that thé busine'ss upon wliich 
the Senator from Oregon. would speak •would be 
in order at one o'clock, ah'd I asked the'Senäto-to 
take up this bill and consider-it before one o'Clock. 
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. President-— 
Mr. LANE. beg the Senator's pardon; do 
not want to be interrupted. 1 only want to say 
now, for all time, that I do not desire to interfere 
with the time of the Senator from Oregon. Upon 
the contrary, I want him•to ha+e the floor'and to 
speak •wvhenever his time comes, and would rather 
hear him than have the railroad bill considered 
to-day—very much rather. 
If it is not agreeable 
to Senators to take up this bill this morning, let 
it lie over. 
I am willing that it shall lie over; 
and, when I move again in thc morning hour to 
take it up, I hope no Senator will get up and say 
that I desire to consume the time of the Senate. 
Sir, I have not consumed the time of the Senate. 
I merely asked the body to take' up the bill and 
consider it. 
It ought to be considered, and ought 
to bc passed, in my judgment; but•ifthe Senate 
do not want it to come up, let it lie, and let no 
Senator charge me with trying to interfere with 
the Senator from Oregon, or prevent him having 
a full opportunity to speak. 
I ',viil vote that the 
railroad bill shall be postponed until to-morrow, 
so that he shall have this day, and I will not in, 
terfcre. 
lb was not my wish, it was not my pur- 
pose, to interfere. Or I x.vould like to sec the rail- 
road bill, if you please, laid over until Monday, 
and Ict it be made the special order for that day, 
and then givc to-day to the Senator from Oregon, 
I and to-inorrow to thc Senator from Illinois. 
1 
desire to hear both these Senators; the country 
desires to hear them. I hope no Senator will 
charge me with a disposition to prevent anybody 
Crorn speaking; because it is not so. 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator withdraw his motion? 
Mr. LANE. Why, sir, if the Senator from 
Oregon will go on now, and the business on which 
he has the floor can bc taken up now, let it be so. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator Oregon 
has been laborinty under a misapprehension all 
the time, I see. His colleague is entitled to the 
floor; that matter is up now, at this time; and if 
he had understood that, I am sure •he would not 
h.avc interposed his bill. 
I see his misapprehen- 
slon . 
Mr. LANE. If 1 had known that, 1 should 
not have Inovcd to take up this bill at all. I sup- 
posed that business carne up at one o'clock. I 
therefore withdraw the motion. 
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first busi- 
ness in order is the joint resolution (S. No. 48) 
introduced by the Se•nator from Tennessee, I Mr. 
J0HNsoN,] proposing amendments to the Consti- 
tution of the United States, upon which the Sen- 
ator from Oregon [Mr. BAKER] is entitled to the 
floor. 
RAILROAD TO PACIFIC. 
speak at all. i will give way to the Senator from 
Illinois, or to the Senator from California, or to Mr. G WIN. The Senator from Oregon will 
the Pacific railroad bill. i submit myseif entirely pernlit me to interpose a motion. He evidently 
pone the very question upotl which his colleague 
to the courtesy and justice of the Senate. [" Go 
has the floor and is entitled to speak, for the pur- 
pose of introducing a bill here which manifestly 
on now. 
cannot be passed between this and one o'clock. 
A/lr. TRUMBULL. 1 think the Senator from 
Oregon [MI'. LANE] should be satisfied that he is 
If the Senator insists upo)'l it, I noust call for the 
reading of this bill, that thc Senate may see what 
merely wastino• time by persistino• in this attempt 
to get up a bill, and exclude his collcacyuc from thc 
Mr. DOUGLAS. If my colleague will give 
floor. •This is the first instance since I have been 
way for a moment, I think I can adjust this mat- 
in the. Senate, whore a member of tho Senate upon 
supposed that I had the floor fot to-day, 
either side has had the •floor and was ready to 
ter. 
according to an arrangement made on Monday. 
proceed, that any member has persisted in bl'lng- 
up a bill to take the floor from him. Tfie 
the Senator from Louisiana 
When, however, 
closed his speech, the Senator from Oregon I Mr. 
Senator from Oregon must sec that hc cannot pass 
BAKER] took the floor, and .he has come into tl'ie 
this bill in the morning hour, and he is but wast- 
Senate to speak to-day. is very evident that 
ing the time of the Senate. Although his col- 
thc two speeches cannot be delivered on one day; league seems entirely willino• to waive his rights, 
and as bc goes on in the mornirig hour, I have 
the rest of tl'1C Senate and the country havc some 
said to him that I would waive 771 y right to the 
floor to-day at one o'clock, provided I could have 
it to-morrow, in order to avoid stopping hi;n in 
thc midd\e of his -•peech, or beginning a speech 
myself {his afternoon and running it into to-mor- 
row, as I should not be able to get through after 
he bas concluded to-day. If this arrangement be 
made, I presume the Senator from Oregon [Mr. 
LANE] can pass his bill, and the other Senator 
Oregon [Mr. BAKER] can occupy the floor 
for and this will beharmonious all around. 
I do not 
Mr. GWIN. object to that. 
cannot get through his speech by one o'clock, 
and I am very reluctant to interfere with him in 
giving his views on the important question which 
I he wilt discuss to-day. I do not want, however, 
to evade my duty aé a Senator from California, 
which is to psess,at all proper times, the railroad 
question. Therefore, I will move to make it the 
special order for to-morrow at one o'clock, with 
the hope that lhc friends of the measure will bring 
it up then, and not interfere with the Senator's 
speech to-day. 
I Mr. DOUGLAS. crowded out to-day, 
and shall want to-rnorrow. Say Monday. 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 would suggest to my 
cao•ue, 10 avoid all difficulty, to make his motion 
for Satu i'day. To-morrow the Senator from Illi- 
interest in what hc has to say. want tho nois will be entitled to the floor, and he will con- 
sumc the whole day. The next day is a day on 
benefit, of it. We understand that. he is to speak 
II 
which thc Senate will not sit. But on Saturday 
for the Constitution and the Union, which are 
above all price, and which 
arc to be.maintaincd 
we can meet; and I think that every Senator, by 
at all hazards. Sir, have an interest in hoar- 
common consent, will agree to give us a hearing 
on the railroad bill then, and pass it, or dispose 
ing him. T hc country wants to hear froin him 
from the Pacific slope, and to kn6w the feeling of of it in some way finally. 
i that people. This persistent effort to bring upa I Mr. G WIN. I am willing that it shall be made 
bill to construct a road, in order to crowd him out the special order for onc o'clock on Saturday. 
of his right to the floor, is a very unusual thing The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
regard that as the sense of the Senate, unless 
I trust that the Senate will not allow it to 
objected to. 
be done. 
