224 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 2. 
AMENDMENTS TO Tl•lß CONSTITUTION. 
The Senate, as. in Committee of the Whole, 
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution 
(S. No. 48) introduced by Mr. JOHNSON, of Ten- 
nessee, proposing ameffdments to theConstitution 
of the United States. 
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, the adventurous 
traveler who wanders on the slopes of the Pacific, 
and on the very verge of civilization, stands awe- 
struck and. astonished in that great chasxn formed 
by the torrent •of the Columbia, as, rusbing be- 
tween Mount Hood and Mount St. Helen's, it 
breaks through the ridges of the Cascade mount- 
ains to find the sea. Nor is his wonder lessened 
when he hears his slightest tone repeated and re- 
echoed vv'ith a larger utterance in reverberations 
that lose themselves at last amid the surround- 
ing and distant hills. So l, standing on this spot, 
and speaking for the first time in this Charnber, 
reflect with astonishment that my feeblest word 
is reechoed, even while I speak, to thc confines of 
the Republic. I trust, sir, that in so speaking, in 
the midst of such an auditory, and in the presence 
of great events, I Inn y remember all the respons- 
ibility thcsc impose upon me to perform my duty 
to the Constitution of the United States, which I 
havc sworn to support, and to be in no wise för- 
getful of my obligation to the whole country, of 
which I am a devoted and affectionate son. 
It is my purpose, to reply, as I may, to the 
speech of the honorable and distinguisl'hed Senator 
from the State of Louisiana. I do so because it 
is, in my judgment at least, the nblest speech 
which I have heard, perhaps the ablest I shall 
hear, upon that side of the question, and in that 
view of the st.lbjec,t; because it is respeetful in 
tone and elevat.ed ill manner; and because, while 
it will be my fortuilc to differ from upon 
, most ot- the points to which he has 
many, nay 
addressed himself, it. is not, I trust, inappropriate 
for to say thut louch of what hc has said, and 
has tended to 
the manner In which he has said it, 
increase the personal respect—nay, I Inn y say the 
learned to feel for h ill). 
admiration—which I havo 
And yet, sir, while i say this, I tun reminded of 
the saying of a great Inan—Dr. Johnson, I be- 
his critical 
•eve—who, when he was asked for 
just then published, and 
01)inion upon a book 
•which was making a great sensation in London, 
said: " Sir, the fellow who has written that, has 
done very well what nobody ought ever to do at 
all." 
r Ithc entire ol)ject of the speech is, as I under- 
stand it, to o fVer a philosophical and constitu- 
tional disquisition to prove that the 
of these United States is, in point (')f fact, no Gov- 
t.hat it has no principle of vitality; 
ernment at all ; 
dwindled 
that it is to be overturned by u touch; 
into insignificance by a doubt; dissolved by a 
capable of exercise against domestic treason and 
against foreign foes. Such, sir, is the main pur- 
pose of my speech; and what I may say addi- 
tional to this, will be drawn from me in reply to 
the speech to which I propose now to address 
myself. 
Sir, the argument of the honorable Senator from 
Louisiana is addressed first—I will not say main- 
ly—to establish thc proposition that the State of 
South Carolina, having, as he says, seceded, has 
sccedcd from t.his Union rightfully; and, sir, just 
here he says one thing, at least, which meets my 
hearty approval and acquiescence. He says he 
does not deem it—such is the substance of the 
remark—unwise or improper to argue the right 
In this I agree 
of the case even now and here. 
with him most heartily. Right and duty are al- 
ways majestic ideas. They march an invisible 
cruard in the van of all true progress; thcy animate 
the loftiest spirit in the public assemblies; they 
nerve thc arm of the warrior; they kindle the soul 
of the statesman, and the imatrination of the poet; 
they sweeten every reward; they console every 
defeat. Sir, they are of themselves an indisso- 
luble chain, which binds feeble, erring humanity 
I meet the dis- 
I to the eternal throne of God. 
1 defer to that authority. 
cussion in that spirit. 
I observe, sir, first, that the argurnent of the gen- 
tlcman, from beginning to end, is based upon tbc 
assmnption that- the Constitution of tho United 
i States is a compact between sovereign States. 
think I in no sense misapprehend it; I am sure 
i understand hill') , 
such cannot be my desire. 
throughout the whole tone of his speech, to main- 
tain that proposition—I repeat it—that the Con- 
stitution of' thc United States is acotnpact between 
sovcreio•n States. Al'(yuing from thence, he arrives 
at the conclusion that, beino• so, u cotnpact, when 
broken by either of the other States, or by the 
General Governnoer)t, the creature oc the Consti- 
lution , South Carolina or Louisiana may treat the 
as broken, the contract as _ scinded ; nMty 
withdraw peacefully frorn the Ulf n, and resturne 
orio•inal condition. 
I remark next, that this prol osition is in no 
wise new; and perhaps for that, as it is a con- 
stit.utional it is all the better; and 
a (rain, the a rcrurnei'lt by which tbc honorahlc Sen- 
ator seeks to nraiut.•ain it is in wise new in any 
of its parts. I have examined with some carc the, 
arguments hitherto made by great men, the echoes 
of whose eloquence yet linger under this dome 
and I find that the proposition, the argument, the 
nut,hority, the illustration, are, but a repetition of 
the famous discussion led ofl•'by Mr. Calhoun , and 
growing out of the attemptofSouth Carolina to do 
not, by malad Ininistration rne.rcly, but in 
of organic interwoven with 
its very existence 
purpose—stranrre and in 
anybody, s:t.ill ore so ili him— 
a terrible significance now and here. 
the Union is this 
h on o ra ble Sen a t.or, 
ment of' the 
day dissolved; it is ken and disin tegrated; 
civil war is a consequence at once necessary and 
inevitable. Standing in the Seriate Chaniber, h 
speaks like a prophe-t of woe. The l.)urdell of 
prediction the echo of x.vlu_lt the distinguished 
has Said 
gentlennan now presiding in that chair 
I YERSON in the chair 1—" r I'Q 
too late ! ' ' The gleamino• and lurid lights of war 
flash around his brow, even while he speaks. 
A_nd, sir, if it were not. for the exquisite amenity 
of his tone and his n-ntnner, we could casily per- 
suadfh ourselves that we saw the flashing of the 
armor of the soldier beneath the robe of the Sen- 
purpose is far diffe.rellt•, sir, I think it is 
I desire to contributc poor {.11'(yu- 
far higher. 
men t to maintain t lie dignity, the honor of the II 
under which I live, 
I propose, 
whose august shadow I hope to die. 
in opposition to all that has been said, to show 
tho Government of thc United States is in 
very deed a real, substantial Power, ordained by 
, not doppndent upon States; sovereicrn 
in its s'l')hero•. a Union, and nen a ccnnpact bet\veen 
soverei«yn Stacc,s; that to its truc theory, 
in capacity of self-protection; E 
before what she says she has done now. 
If the proposit.ion is not new, and if the argu- 
rnent* are nq')t stru.nge, it will 1101 be wonderful if 
replies [.-»artals-e of the like character. I clerw, 
as Mr. Webster ; 1 deny, as Mr. Madison 
that 
I deny, as General Jackson denied, 
this U nion is a betwc•en sovereign States 
I meet just herc 
and so d en vin 
tho rities which the honorable Senator has chosen 
'I"hey are substantially, as follows: 
first. , E)0t the Constitution itself', (and that is re- 
, not. the arguments inade by 
the cx pounders of the Constitution directly 
this floor; but luainly 
upon this question, arid 01) 
fu triti ve exp ressions, sornetin'lcs hasty, not always 
considered, upon propositions not gerinane to the 
coil troversy now encra(Yincy us to-day; and when 
rnade, if' I'ikisapprche.nded, corrected again and 
again in after years. To illustrate: the gentleman 
States. It crushes nullification" and must hasten an 
abandomnentof secession." But this dodrres the blow, by 
conföunding the claim to secede at will with the right of 
seceding froin intolerable oppression. 
'I'lle tbrmer answers 
itself, being a violation without cause of' a faith solenmly 
pledged. The latter is another narne only for revolution, 
about which there is no theoretic controversy. 
Its double 
aspect, nevertheless, with the countenance received from 
ccrtaill quarters, is giving it a popular eurreney herc which 
may influence the approaching elections both för Congress 
and for the State Legislature. It has gained some advant- 
age, also, by mixinrr itself with the question whether the 
Constitution of the United States was tanned by the peo- 
ple or by the States, now under a theoretic discussion by 
animated partisans. 
-it is fortunate disputed theories can bc decided by 
undisputed fhcts ; and here the undisputed fact is, that the 
Constitution was made by the people, but as embodied into 
the several States who were parties it, and, therefore, 
Ilh'ldc by the Statcs in their highest authoritative capacity. 
They Inigbt, by tho same authority and by the satne pro- 
cess, have converted the Confederacy into a mere league 
or treaty, or continued it with enlarged or abridged powers, 
or have enibodied the peopie of their respective States into 
one people, nation, or sovereignty ; or, as they did, by a 
mixed fonn, Inake them one people, nation, or sovereignty 
for certain purposes, and not so for others. 
rf'he Constitution of the United States, being established 
by a cotnpetent authority, by that of the sovereign people 
of the several States wljo were parties to it, it retnailjs only 
to inquire what the Constitution is ; and hcre it speaks for 
It organizes a •rovernmentinto the usual legislative, 
itself'. 
executive, and judiciary departlnents; it invests it with 
specified powcrs, leaving others to the parties to t.he Con- 
stitution. It nrakes the Governlnent like other (}overnments 
to operate directly on the people; places at its colnmand 
the necdfttl physical rneans ot• executing its powers ; and 
finally proclailns its suprernaey, and that of the laws Inade 
in pursuance of it, over the constitutions and laws of the 
Slates, thc powers of the Govern:nent being exercised, as 
in other elective and responsible Governinente, under the 
control of its constituents, the people and the Legislatures 
of the States, and subject to the revolutionary rights of the 
in extrellle cases. 
Such is the Constitution of the Unit.ed States dejure and 
de . facto, and the narne, whatever it be, that Inay be given 
to it can Inakc it nothing *nore or less than what it is. 
Pardon this hasty effusion, which, whether precisely ac- 
cording or not with your ideas, presents, I am aware, none 
Illat will bc to you. 
With great esteellh and cordial salutations, 
JAMES MADISON. 
'l'o Mr. VVEBS'TF.R. 
Nit•. BAKER. Mr. President, 1 submit to the 
candor of the Senator frorn Louisiana that that is 
dist.inct, positive, unequivocal authority to show 
that so as the opinions of Mr. Madison were 
concerned, he did not believe that tbc Constitu- 
tion of t.he United States was a cornpuct between 
sovereign States; but that be did believe it was a 
form of Govern tnent ordaii'ied by the people of 
the United States. 
I expected, 
Again: Mr. Webster is quoted. 
when I heard Mr. -wycbstcr named, to find that 
the honorable Senator would allude to thc great 
discussion which his genius has rendered immor- 
tal. He does not do that; but Fefers specifically 
to a passage Mr. Webster's in an arøume.nt in 
the Supreme Court, I believe, upon a question 
arisincr as to boundary between Massachusetts 
and Rhode Islay)d. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. If tho Senator will perniit 
tne, be is Inistaken. The question that arose there 
was in relation to the power of the people of 
Rhode Island to constitute a new crovernmcnt, not 
a questi0i) of boundary. I allude to his arcrument 
in the cele.brated Dorr controversy. 
Mr. BAKER. I feel oblig•ed to the Senator for 
his correction; and I beg leave 10 say that the 
mistake perhaps is not a very unnatural one in 
me, livino so many thousand n)iles away; for, 
really, Rhode Island, though very patriotic, is so 
very small that I do not quite keep up with her 
It is no sort of difference 
history as I ought. 
whether Mr. Webster madc the speech on a boun- 
. dary question or on arebellion question; the speech 
that its Constitution is a perpetuity, beneficent, 
unfailing, grand; and that its powers are equally II late very powerful speech in the Senate of the United 
from Louisiana has quoted nt considerable length was made. My criticism upon the quotation is 
frojn tho debates in the convention which formed this: it has no relation whatever to the controversy 
now here, or it- it has, it is so remote and indis- 
the Federal Constitution; he has quoted the opin- 
ions of Mr. Madison, and to those who littvc not 
tinct that it becomes him and ine alike to refer to 
looked i1110 the quesUon, it n•fight appear as if what Mr. -Webster did say directly upon the 
controversy itself. Now i take the liberty of read- 
those opinions were. really in support of his prop- 
osition that this is a conipac.t between soverenrn 
to show that that is in no sense 
States. Now, sir, 
so, I will read, as a rcply to the entire quotations 
of the opinions of IM r. iMadison, M,'hat Mr. Mad- I i 
ison n-lselt' said upon that subject upon the full- 
I proceed to read 
est considei•auon in the world. 
what I suppose to bo at once arg•cunent and au- 
—L read the letterofNf_r. 
thority upon [hat question 
to Mr. dated March 15, 1833. 
Mr. TRUMBULL read, as follows. 
MONTPELIER, March 15, 1833. 
MY DEAR SIR : I return zny thanks for the copy of your 
ing Mr. Webstér's views as expressed and con- 
densed by hirnself. I read from Mr. Webster's 
works, volume three, page 464: 
against all these theories and opinions, 
And sir, 
I inaåltain— 
l. tuc Constitution of the United States is not a 
' league, confederacy, or compact. between the people of the 
several States in tileir sovereign capacities ; but a Govern- 
ft)ühded on the adoption 01' tbc people, and 
ment proper, 
creatiu•-F direct relations benveen itself aud individuals. 
'I'hat no State authority bas power to dissolve these 
relations ; that nothing cau dissolve then) but rcvolutian • 
and that consequently can be no such thing as seces- 
Sion without revolution. 
3. That there is a supreme law, consisting of the Con- 
