THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 
THIRTY-SIXTM CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
stitutiou of the United States, and acts of Congress passcd 
ill pursuance ot• it, and treaties; and that in cases not ca- 
pable of assuming the character of the suit in law or equity, 
Congress Inust judge of, aud finally interpret, this supreme 
law so often as it has occasion to pass m.•ts of legislation ; 
aud in cases capable of assumin«, and actually assuminø 
the character of a snit, the Supreme Court of the United 
States is the final interpreter." 
Now, I submit again to the candor of the hon- 
orable and distinguished gentleman, that there is 
the positive, unmistakable evidence of Mr. Web- 
step, so far as his own opinion goes; that this is 
not, according to his proposition, a compact be- 
sovereign States; but it is a Government 
made and ordained by the people of the whole 
United States; a Government capable of acting 
directly upon individuals, and made by individ- 
uals. And, sir, 
it is remarkable that these prop- 
ositions of Mr. Webster grew out of his desire 
to contradict the affirmative propositions of Mr. 
Calhoun, upon which the debate erew up. f read 
them : 
The first two resolutions of the honorable. meniber, 
[says Mr. Webster,] amrm these propositions, namely"— 
And they are propositions sought to be en- 
forced by the distinguished Senator from Louis- 
iana— 
l. That the political system under which we live, and 
under which Congress is now asscmbled. is a compact, to 
which the people of the several States, as separate and sov. 
ereign communities, are the parties. 
2. That, these sovereign parties •åæve a right to judge, 
each för itself, of any alleged violation of the Constitution 
by Congress, and in case such violation, to choose, each 
{Or itse;t', its own mode and Ineasure of redress.' 
There, sir, is the right of secession upon the 
onc hand, or at least of nullification; and I )nay 
say here, once for all, the difference betwccn nul- 
lificationand secession is just this: secession bears 
the same relation to l')uÜlification that biography 
bears to history, somebody havincr wittily said 
that history was biography with it's brains knocked 
I understand that rmllification- is just seces- 
out. 
Sion with its brains knocked out; and every argu- 
ment applying to the one applies to the other. So 
much for the second authority upon which the 
distinguished Senator frotn Louisiana relies. 
I now come to the third; and I trust he wili 
allow me to correct for what I know was an 
oversight, or at least an entire Illisapprehension. 
The honorable gentieman from Louisiana, durincy 
the course of his speech, rernarked, as I renunn- 
ber it, that a valued friend had placed in his hands 
a paper from which he reads purporting to be the 
opinion of John Quincy Adatns, upon this ques- 
tion of the right of a State to secede. 
I did not 
understand him as reading from a manuscript of 
his own copy, but from a paper placed in his 
hands, and perhaps about the moment., by some- 
body else. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. so far as that is concerned, 
the paper that I read from m.vas sent to me as I 
read it, from a valued friend from New York. As 
to the speech of Mr. Adams, of course cannot 
tell anything about it; I have never scen it. 
Mr. BAKER. The reason why f say this it 
It is a remarkable fact 
is proper to state 
that of all the passages ever written by John 
Quincy Adams, of all the passages ever written 
by anybody from the beginning of the world, 
that passage, taken altogether, part of which was 
honorable Senator from Louisiana, 
read by the 
is the passtve, of all others, which maintains the 
doctrine of the oneness of this Go€ernment, its 
unity, its creation by the people, its ordination 
by them as one Government, and arj entire anni- 
hl'ation the whole doctrine of secession. 
difficulty was this: that the gentleman who fur- 
nished it, and who caused the unwitting reading 
of it, have no doubt, in its mutilated condition, 
by the Senator from Louisialla, omitted the most 
remarkable part of the whole passage; and it is 
more remarkable in this—it is for that reason I 
hasten to acquit my distinguished friend of any 
that it is in 
knowledge of the misapprehension— 
the very same and there had to be in 
that paragraph this very same process of separa- 
tion and disunion which is getting to bc fashion- 
able now-a-days, to make it bear upon the Sena- 
15 
FRIDAY, JANUARY 4, 1861. 
tor's view of the question at all. 
I will read it. 
It begins in this wise: 
In the calm hours of self-possession, the rightof a State 
to nullity an aet of Congress is too absurd for argument, 
and too odious for discussion. The right ofa State to secede 
from the Union is equally disowned by the principles of the 
Declaration of Independence." 
Now, sir, there follows after that the passage 
read by the distinguished gentleman. It is a pas- 
sage, as I understand it, incorporated in his speech, 
which presents the opinion of Mr. Adams that 
there may be extreme cases in which a State ora 
community has aright to revolutionize. So rnuch 
for the third authority quoted by the distinguished 
Senator. 
Now, speaking of authorities, Ict me add once 
more, that this speech of Mr. Adams, entitled the 
Jubilee of the Constitution, delivered by him, with 
all his cxhaustive power as to any subject to 
which hc turncd his attention, is, in pointoffact, 
an irresistible argument in favor of our proposi- 
tion that the Constitution of the United States is 
an ordained Government by the people for the 
government of the people, and that it is in no 
sense, and can never be, taken or considered as 
a compact bctwccn sovereign States. Nay, sit, 
throughout the '.vhole course of that speech he 
gocs much further. He argues with great power, 
and with great historical research,- to show that, 
not Ol')ly is thc Constitution of the United States 
a Government formed by the people and not a 
compact betwccn States, but that the old Confed- 
et•ation, prior to the Constitution, was intcnded 
to bc that form of Government also; that rcally 
the people of the thirteen revolting or revolution- 
ary colonies intended, even at the time of the Dec- 
laration of Independence, preceding both the Con- 
and the Confederation, to form then a 
united Government of one common people. 
will read, not wearying the Senate, as I trust, by 
authorities much mote expressive of constitu- 
tional law than anything I can say vv'i]l be, thc 
conclusion to which Mr. Adams comes as the 
sum total of the whole argument: 
That the Constitution of thc United States was a rc- 
turn to thc principles of the Declaration of Indepcndence, 
and the exclusive constitt_tent power of the people. 
it was the •work of the ouc peopie of the United States; 
and that thosc United States. though doubled in numbers, 
stiil constitute, as a nation. but one people. 
'I'hat this Constitution, making due allowance ftn• the 
in)perl'ec.tions and errors incident to all human affairs, has, 
under all the vicissitudes and changes of war and peace, 
becn ad•ninistered upon those same principles during a 
career of fifty years. 
'Ithat. its fruits have been, still making allowance fot 
htnmtan a Illorc pertuct uni01i, established 
justice. (tornestic tranquiiiity, provision tur the comrnon 
detense, proutotion of the general welfare, and the enjdy. 
inent of the blessings of liberty by the constituent people 
and their posterity to the prescut. day. 
And now the future is all betörc us, and Providence 
our guide." 
And I submit again, in the most respectful 
that the authority of Mr. 
spirit, Mr. President, 
John Quincy Adams is direct, positive, unequiv- 
ocal, in maintcnance of the propositions we are. 
endeavoring to estal.)lish, and utterly and totally 
contradictory to all the distinguished Senator from 
Louisiana has said upon thal subject. 
A1)d yet onco rnore, sir, I quote from General 
It is au authority which I trust the dis- 
Jackson. 
tinguished gentleman will revere. As I have said, 
South Carolina att.empted f.o do once before what 
it is said she has accomplishcd now. There was 
then a President of the United States determined 
to do his whole duty. Whetl'ier there bc now, I 
leave others to dctcrminc: 
Tirc States severally have 110t retained their entire sov- 
ereigl)ty. It has been shown that in becoming parts of a 
nation, not *nembers ofa league, they surrendered 'Dany of 
'l'he right to Inake 
their essential parts of sovereignty. 
treaties, declare war, levy taxes, exercise exelusive judicial 
and let'islative powers, were ali fianctions of soverei«n 
power. 'rhe States, then, iör all these iniportant purposes, 
were no longer sovereign. 'Vhe allegiance of their citizens 
was transferred in the first instance to the Government ot' 
the United States; they becarne American citize.ns, and 
owed obedieuee to the-Constitution of the United States." 
He savs, again: 
The unity •out' politicaf character (as has been shown 
tor another purpose) corn:nenced with its very cxistence. 
C. RIVES, WASHINGTON; D. C. 
NEW 15. 
Ünder the Royal Government we had no separate eharactcr.; 
our opposition to its oppression began ds united colOnies. 
We wore the United States under the 
the name was perpetuated, and the Union rendered ruore 
pertct by the Federal Constitution." * 
would not do to say that our Constitution was only a league, 
but it is labored to prove it a in one sense, 
it is,) and then to argue that, as a ' league iR compact, 
every compact between nations must, ofcourse, be a league, 
and that from such an engagement every sovereign- Power 
has a right to recede. But it has been shOwn tbat in this 
scnse the States are not sovereign, and that even if' they 
were, and the national Constitution lidd been it»nned by 
compmct, there would be no right in any one State to exon- 
erate itself from the obligation." 
Another mistake- which (speaking q.vith great 
deference) I think is obvious throughout the whole 
speech of the Senator from Louisiana, is the as- 
sumption, not only that the Constitution is a com- 
pact, but that the States parties to itare sovereigns. 
Sir, they are not sovereign; and this FederalGov- 
ernment is not sovereign. Paraphrasing the Ma- 
hometan. expression, 
thcrc is but one God," I 
may say, and I do say, not without reverence, 
there is but one Sovereign, and that sovereiøn -is 
the people. The State government is its creation S 
the Federal Government is its creation; each su- 
preme in its sphere; each sovereign its pur- 
pose; but each limited in its authority, and cach 
dependent upon delegated power. Why, sir, can 
that State—either Oregon or South Carolina—be 
soverewn which relinquishes the insignia of sov- 
crcignty, the cxcrcisc of its highest powers, the 
expression of its noblest dignities? Not so. We 
can neither coin money, nor levy impost duties, 
nor make war, nor peace, nor raise standing armies, 
nor build fleets, nor issue bills of credit. In sliort, 
sir, we cannot do—because the people, as sover- 
eigns, have placed that power in other hands— 
many, nay, most, o? thosc things .which exhibit 
and proclaim the sovereignty of a State to the 
whole world. Mr. Webster has well .observed 
that there can be in this country no sovereignty 
in the European sense of sovereignty. It is, I 
believe, a feudal idea. -It has no place here. I 
'They are not 
repeat, we are not sovereign here. 
sovereign in South Carolina; they are not, and 
cannot be in the natuvc of the case; and therefore 
all assumptions and all presumptions arising out 
of the proposition Ofso reign ty—su premacy upon 
the part of a State—is a fallacy from beginning to 
end. 
Again, sir: Mr. Calhoun, in the course of this 
celebrated argument, in wrell chosen words, in- 
sisted that the States in their sovereign capacity, 
acceded to a compact. Mr. Webster replied with 
his usual force. The word 'i accede" svas chosen 
as the converse of " secede*' the argument being 
intended to be that if .the State accedes to a com- 
pact she may secede from that compact. But; 
said Mr. Webster—and no man has answered- the 
nrcrument, and no man ever will—it is not an ac- 
cession to a compact at all; it is not the formation 
of a leågue at all; it is the action of the people of 
the United States carrying into effect their pur- 
pose from the Declaration of Independence itself, 
manifested in the ordination and establishment of 
a Government, and expressed in their own em- 
phatic-words in the preamble of the Constitution 
of the United States itself. 
In arguing upon the meaning and import of the 
Constitution, I had hoped that a lawyer so dis- 
tinguished as. the gentleman from Louisiana, 
would have referred to the terms of that docu- 
merit to have endeavored at least to find its real 
meaning from its force and mode of expression. 
In the absence of such a quotation, I beg leave to 
remind him that the Constitution itself declares 
by whom it svas made, and for what it was made. 
Mr. Adams, reading it, declares that the Cons_ti- 
tution of the United States was the work of one 
people—the people of the United States—and that 
those United States stifl constitute one people; 
and to establish that, among other things, he re- 
—the great, the patent, the glorious 
fers to the fact 
fact—that the Constitution declares itself to have 
been made by the people, and not by sovereign 
States, but by the people of the United States; 
not a compact, not a league, but it declares that 
the people of the United States do ordain and 
