THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 2, 
establish a GQvernment. Now, I ask the distin- 
guished Senator, what becomes of this iteration 
and reiteration, that the Constitution is a compact 
between sovereign States ? 
Pursuing what I think is a defective mode of 
reasoningfrom beginning to end, the distinguished 
Senator from Louisiana quotes Vattel, and for" 
what? To prove what, as I understand, nobody 
denies: that a sovereign State, being sovereign, 
may make a compact, and afterwards withdraw 
from it. Our ansx,ver to that is, that South Caro- 
lina is not a sovereign State; that South Carolina 
has not made a compact, and that, therefore, it is 
not true that she can withdraw from it; and I 
submit that all these disquisitions upon the nature 
of European sovereignty, or any of those forms 
of government to which the distinguished author 
which. he has quoted had his observation attracted , 
is no argument whatever in a controversy as to 
the forcc and meaning of our Constitution bear- 
ing upon States, sovereign in some sense, not sov- 
ereign in others, but benrincr most upon individ- 
uals in their individual relations. 
But the object of the speech was twofold. It 
was •to prove first, that this Union wras a compact 
between States, and that, thcreföre, there was a 
rightful remedy for injury, intolerable or other- 
wise, by secession. Now, sir, I confiess in one 
thincr I do not understand this speech, although 
it be clearly written and forcibly expressed. 
Does the Senator mean to argue that there is such 
a thing as a constitutional right of secession ? Is 
it a right under the Constitution, or is it a right 
above it and be ond it? 
Mr. BENJAKIIN. I do not know whether the 
Senator desires an answer DOW. 
Mr. BAKER. Yes, sir; now. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Well, sir, 1 will take 
ample from gentlerneu on the other side, and I 
will answer his question by asking another. 
Mr. BAKER. Do, sir. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. him if the State 
of South Carolina were refused more than one 
Senator on this floor, whether she would have a 
right to withdraw froin the Union, and if' so, 
whether it would arise out of thc Constitution or 
not. 
Mr. BAKER. Now, Mr. President, 1 will do 
what the distinguished Senator from Louisiana 
has not done: i will answer the question, [laucyh- 
tee.] Hc asks mc whether if the State of South 
Carolina, sending two Senators here loyally, with 
affectionate reverence for the Consti tution , werc de- 
nied the a(lmission of one, or, it' you like, of both, 
I understund 
it would be cause for withdru•wal. 
that to be the question. Sir, I reply: that. would 
depend upon several things yet to bc stated and 
determined: First, I think South Carolina ought 
to inquirc what is the couse of thut refusal. 
believe this body is the judge of the qualification 
of its own Incmbcrs. If' the Senator was disqual- 
ified, or if in any Cair judginent or reasonable 
judgn-kent we believed he ought not to occupy a 
sent.- this floor, surely ii would not bc cause 
of withdrawal or secession , or• t•cvolution, or war, 
if we wérc to scud him back. 
But, sir, I will meet the question in the full 
spirit in which, I suppose, it intended to put it. 
It is this: the right of representation is a sacred 
If that right is fraudulently and pertina- 
ciously denied, has the State to which it is denicd 
right to secede in consequence thereof? I an- 
swer, the right of representation is right, in my 
judgmei)t, inalienab\e. It belongs to all comrnnn- 
ities, and to all men. II is of the very nature and 
essence of free government; and if, by force, by 
despotism of the Inany over the few, it is denied, 
solemnly, despotically, of purpose, the intolera- 
ble oppression resulting from that may be repelled 
by all the means which God and nature have 
put in out; hands. 
Is the honorable Senator an- 
swercd ? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not yet. 
Mr. BAKER. What, sir? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 was saying to the Sena- 
I asked him whether he denied the 
tar, not yet. 
fact that, in the supposed case, which he has very 
fairly met, the right to withdrawr resulted from 
the breach of the agreement in the Constitution, 
and would be a right growing out of the violation 
of the Constitution, independent of the question 
of oppression at all ? 
Mr. BAKER. well, sir, 1 beg to say, 
in answer to that: that is not the question the 
honorable Senator put to me, but I will answer 
that. T hc right of South Carolina to withdraw, 
because the fundamentaL right of representation 
is denied her, is the right of revolution, of rebel- 
lion. It does not depend upon constitutional guar- 
It is beyond them, above them, 
antees„ at all. 
and not of them. Now, is the Senator answered ? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. lam fully answered. 1 am 
only surprised at the answer. 
Mr. BAKER. NOW", will the distinguished 
Senator answer me ? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. With pleasure. Will the 
Senator state hisquestion once more? 
Mr. BAKER. Is such a thing as a con- 
stitutional right of South Carolina to secede? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 thought, Mr. President, 
that 171 y proposition on that subject could not be 
1 hold that there is, from the very 
m islaken. 
nature of the Constitution itself, from the theory 
upon which it is formed, a right in any State to 
withdraw from the compact, if its provisions are 
violated to her detriment. 
Mr. BAKER. well now, sir, 1. understand 
what I did not quitc understand before—no doubt 
it was owing to my obtuseness—that the gentle- 
man contends that there is in the State of South 
Carolina a right to secede, to use his own words, 
in the very nature of the Constitution itself. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Resulting from the very 
nature of the compact, which I consider the Con- 
slitution to be. 
Mr. BAKER. But that, Mr. President, is not 
what the. Senator did s•xy. I press him on this 
point again. Does the right to secede spring out 
of and belong to the Constitution. And if so, 
I am a strict constructionist. 
where? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 am, too; and, if the sen- 
ator will admit with 1110, whut I suppose he will 
scarcely deny, that the States have reserved to 
themselves under the Constitution, by express 
language, every right not expressly denied to 
them by the Constitution, I say that he will find 
in the ninth and tenth amendments to the Con- 
the reco«rnition of the very right which 
Mr. BAKER. well, sir, the answer to that is 
just this: that we have been endeavoril'lg to show . 
—and I think irresistibly—that, so far from its 
being true that the States do reserve to themselves 
in the Constitution all riffht,s not delegated by it, 
they do not reserve anything, for they are not 
parties to it; and there is no such thing ns a res- 
ervation by the States at all. The instrument is 
made by the people; and the reservations, if any, 
are made by the people, not the States. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. if I am not intruding upon 
the Senator's line of argument or time—and if I 
am I will not say another word— 
Mr. BAKER. Not at all. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. the Senator whether, 
after the Constitution had been framed, amend- 
merits were not proposed by nearly all the States 
arid adopted, for the very purpose of meeting that 
construction for which he is now contending; for 
the very purpose of maintaining the proposition 
I-lis idea•is, that 
arrainst which he, now armucs ? 
the Constitution of the United States fin-med a 
G-overnment over the whole people as a mass. 
'l*he amendruents state distinctly that that was not 
the meaning of the Constitution; but that, on the 
contrary, it was a delegation of power by the 
States, and that the States and the people of the 
States reserved to themselves all powers not ex- 
pressly delegated. 
Mr. BAKbR.. " The powers not delegated to 
the Ul')ited States by the Constitution, nor pro- 
hibited by it to the States, are reserved to the 
States respectively, or to the people;" 
that is the 
amendment. Now, in unswer, I stry that in full 
light of that ainendrnent, every authority which 
I have read, every ar•gun'lent at which I havo 
glanced , from Jackson, from Madison, from Web- i 
ster, from Adams, all unite in the proposition that 
still this is a Government made by the people of 
the IJnitcd States, in their character of people of 
the States, being one Government by them or- 
dained. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator be good 
enough to tell me what he deems to be the mean- 
ing of this article of the Constitution. 
(A disturbance in the galleries attracted the 
attention of the Chair, caused by loud laughing 
i I and talking.] 
i: The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
the chair.) Order in the galleries. The Sergeant- 
at-Arms will remove the persons from the galle- 
ries in front of the Chair, on the right of the clock, 
forthwith. The order of the Senate must be pre- 
served. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator good 
enough to allow' me to call his attention to the 
seventh and last article of the Constitution. The 
ratification of the conventions of nine States shall 
be sufficient fot the establishment of this Consti- 
tution between the States so ratifying the same" 
—not read the preamble, but the bargain. 
Mr. BAKER. Where shall 1 find it, sir? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. In the very last article of 
the Constitution. 
Mr. BAKER. lazn not sure that I understand 
the forcc of the distinction which thc honorable 
gentleman makcs between the preamble and the 
Constitution itself. Following the example of 
Mr. Webster, I love to read the whole instru• 
ment together; but I will answer the Senator. 
The ratification of the conventions of nine States shall 
be sufficient for the establishment o? this Constitution 
between the States so ratifying t11C saine." 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Between the Statcs." 
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, are the 
conventions of nine States but the people of nine 
It is not 
States? Thcrc is the answer at once. 
ratification b the State Legislature. 
Mr. BENIAMIN. What is the meaning of 
Is not that 
the phrase G' between the States . 
the language of compact? 
BAKER. Well, it is obvious enöugh. 
Ratification is to bc donc by the people. 
It so pro- 
made by the people in the first place. 
It is to be ratified by them in the second 
poses. 
place; and being so made by them, and being so 
ratified by them, is binding upon the States, which 
are the governments of the people that ratified it. 
That is all. But, sir, the Senator does not es- 
cape in that way. I ask him yet once again, is 
the right to secedc a right growing out of the 
Cmnstftution itself? If so, where? What is that 
provision? _I repeat, am a strict constructiön• 
am not now going to hunt 
1st. He says he is. 
for a vatyrant and doubtful bower; but when States 
propose to secede, to dissolve thc Union, to dep 
clare war, to drench confcdcrated States in fra- 
ternal blood, I ask if they claim it as a constitu- 
tional right to take the step that Will inevitably 
I ask for the word, the page, the 
lead to that. ? 
place, and I meet no reply. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 again refer the Senator 
to the words and the place. If the right of seces- 
Sion exists at all, under any circumstances, revo- 
lutionary or not, it is a State right. Now, the 
question whether it exists under the Constitution 
or not, can only be deterxnined in one way: first, 
by examining what powers are prohibited to the 
States; and next, whether the powers not pro- 
hibited are reserved. This power is nowhere 
prohibited ; and the tenth amendment declares that 
the powers not prohibited by the Constitution to 
the States are reserved to the States. 
IVIr. BAKER. Mr. President, 1 do not 
ceive the iffiportancc, nay, the profit, of pursuiDT 
that line of Inquiry any further. 
I have asked 
for the answer of the honorable Senator to that 
question; and if with that answer he is content, 
and if by that answer he intends to abide, so be 
it. 
think that we have well disposed of' the 
right of secession under the Constitution itself. 
I advance to another proposition. 
I admit that there is a revolutionary right. 
Whence does it spring? How is it limited? To 
these questions for a moment I address myself. 
Whence does it spring? Why, sir, as a right in 
communities, it is of the same nature as the- right 
of self-preservation in the individual. A corn mu- 
nit y protects itself by revolution aoainst intoler- 
able oppression under any form of government, 
as an individual protects himself ærainst intoler- 
able oppression by brute force. No compact, no 
treaty, no constitution, no form of government, 
no oath or obligation can deprive a man or a com- 
munity of that sacred, ultimate right. Now, sir, 
I think I state that proposition as fully as I could 
be desired to state it by the gentlemen upon the 
other side. The question that arises between us 
i at once is: this right of revolution springilP out 
of the self-preservation belonging to communities, 
as to individuals, must bc exercised—how? In 
a case, and in a case only, where all other rem- 
edies fail; where the oppression is grinding, intol- 
