1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
229 
ritory of Oregon, in which he advocated the inclu- 
Sion of the Wilmot proviso, and perhaps through 
whose influence it •was then done, speaking upon 
this subject of slavery and slave property, held 
the following language; language which I believed 
then, and I believe now, embodies the general, I 
may say the universal, opinion of the Republi- 
cans, if not the whole North, upon that subject. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE read, as follows: 
The southern States have peculiar laws, and' by those 
laws there is property in slaves. This is purely local. The 
real Ineaning, then, of southern gentlernen in making this 
complaint is, that they cannot go into the Territories of the 
United States carrying with them their own peculiar law, 
u law which creates property in persons. 'l'his, according 
to their own-statement, is all the ground of complaint they 
have. Now here, I think, gentlemen are unjust towards 
-us. How unjust they are, others will judge. Generations 
that will come after us will judge. It wili not be contended 
that this sort of personal slavery exists by general kaw. It 
exists only by local law. I do not mean -to deny the valid- 
ity of that local law where it is established ; but I say it is, 
after all, nothing but local law; it is nothing more ; and 
wherever that local law does not extend, property in per- 
sons does not exist." 
Mr. BAKER. Now, sir, 1 submit to the hon- 
orable Senator from Louisiana that that is a clear 
exposition of the opinion of what I think I may 
say is the universal North upon that point. 
that be the ground of complaint, I proceed to meet 
it historically and argumentatively. It there be 
any other ground of complaint upon that, if that 
bc not clear statement of what hc supposes we 
really do bclicvc, if we have any other heresy in- 
corporated with that, which that does not really 
express, I will wait now for a declaration upon 
that subject. I take it for granted then, Mr. Pres- 
idcnt, that that is the cause of complaint that we 
of the North— 
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is difficult to fonow 
linc of argument in this interrupted way; but I 
will state to the Senator that thc complaint of the 
South is: that forming a part of one common Gov- 
ernment, and owning that which was t•ecoffnizcd 
as property by all the States at the time of l,he 
formation of the Constitution, the North now un- 
dertalccs to say that under that Constitution slaves 
ate not property when found within the iurisdic- 
tion of the Federal Government outside of the 
State. We complain that the Federal Govern- 
ment docs not recognize slaves as property in the 
Territorics at the samc time that it does recognize 
slaves as property on the high seas; and we do 
not understand upon what ground it can be pre- 
tended that our slaves are property protected by 
the law of nations, and by the General Govern- 
mcnt under the law of nations, on the high seas, 
and not property in the Territories which belong 
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, 1 understand 
that what the distinguished Senator has now' said 
is nothing more than specifying by items all the 
causes of complaint which are at last embodied 
in the original speech to which I am to reply. 
There is certainly this difference of opinion be- 
tween us now: we do beiicvc that slavery is the 
creature of local law, and does not, of its own 
force and power, extend beyond that jurisdiction. 
We do believe, when Senators claim the contrary, 
and insist as a cause of grievance that we do not 
agrec with them, that they attempt to interpolate 
a new reading of the Constitution, and violate the 
cardinal belicfwhich has been entertained in other 
and better days by all the distinguished statesmen 
of this country, by every party, by every organ- 
ization, and beyond that, which is now enter- 
tained by the whole civilized world. Slavery is 
the creaturc of local law. When we say that, do 
we deny that it is property at all? Do we doubt 
that it can be made thc subject of bargain and sale 
according to law? Cannot a note ora bond, given 
in consideration of the purehasc or sale ofa slave, 
be enforced in the courts ofany free States? Why, 
sir, the whole extent of our offense is to be found 
alone In the earnest repetition of thc great doc- 
trines of civilized humani ty—tho common law, the 
universal law, from the beginning of the world. 
I will not believe that, for that offense, the gen- 
it is an of- 
tleman would leave us; because, sir, 
fense not peculiar to us. It docs not originate with 
honorable and friend from New 
York, [iMr. SEWARD.] Following his lead, as I 
have donc for many years with pleasure and with 
of the Republican party, and find support in the 
opinions of all parties. Sir, the State of South 
Carolina has had many distinguished Senators. 
She has been zealously and ably represented. I 
propose to show that, as late as 1850, a distin- 
guished Senator from South Carolina, not now 
present among us, and whose loss, I have. no 
doubt, South Carolina has cause deeply to deplore, 
affrmed in this Chamber the very doctrine on 
account of which gentlemen now propose to dis- 
solve this Union. Mr. Butler said, in his speech 
of February 120850, as follows; and having said 
that, he was replied to by the distinguished Sen- 
ator from Illinois, [Mr. DOUGI.As;] both of which 
I ask leave to read. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE read, as follows: 
I wish to ask the Senator from Illinois [Mr. DOUGLAS] 
whether the South, or any southern member, or anybody 
else upon this floor, or anywhere else, has introduced a 
proposition to extend slavery? Has there ever been a prop- 
osition to extend it? Never; we have never expressed 
such a wish. We want no extension. Hands off. Let 
us alone; that is all we ask. Yet it is here asserted, as if 
it were positively a proposition made by the South, that we 
want to extend slavery. Sir, there have been too many 
mnendments to prohibit, but none to extend slavery. 
Mr. DOUGLAS was glad the Senator from South Caro- 
His (Mr. D's) constituents 
lina had asked that question. 
had believed the South called on us to extend slavery into 
the 'I'erritories. 'I'he impression has unfortunately gone 
förth in the North, that the South asks the North to comc 
forward to their aid, and to extend slavery into the Terri- 
[ have uniformly maintained that the 
tories now free. 
South asked no sucti thing as was imputed to them; that 
they utterly denied it; that they not only expressed no de- 
sire to do this, but utterly dcnicd that it was in the power 
of Congress to do it ; that the position of southern gentlemen 
was that Congress nad no power to legislate on this subject, 
either iOr or arrainst.." 
Mr. BAKER. Now, sir, I have a right t•as- 
sume, as I do believe, that that was the opinion 
If it be not really and 
of South Carolina then. 
truly the opinion of South Carolina now, I 
appeal " from Philip drunk to Philip sober." 
Sir, I press the gentleman still further with an 
authorny which, lately, hc would not have been 
disposed to deny. I shall read from a speech 
made by the gentleman who yet, for the good or 
the cvil of this Republic, presides over its desti- 
Dies, on the 25th day of January, 1845; not to 
show so much what the South then believed, as 
to show what opinions were entertained by the 
most disti nguished Democrats of the conn try with 
whom, then, the South was in strict alliance, and 
whom they rewarded by the highest situations in 
their gift, as evidence of their approbation of their 
In 1844, the Demo- 
fidelity and good service. 
cratic party, or at least a portion of it, including 
Mr. Buchanan, then a Senator of the United 
States, advocated the annexation of Texas on the 
ground that it would limit and narrosv, instead 
of extending the institution of slavery. In Mr. 
Buchanan's spcech of 4th June, 1844, he said: 
In arriving at the conclusion to support this trcaty, I 
had to cncounte.r but one serious objection, and this was 
the question of slavery. While have ever maintained, 
and ever shall maintain, the constitutional rights of the 
southern States over their slave property, I yet feel a strong 
repugnance, by any act of mine, to extend the present lim- 
its of the Union over a new slaveholding 'l'erritory. After 
mature reflection. overcame these scruples, and 
now bciievc the acquisition of Texas will be the means of 
limiting, not enlarging, the dominion of slavery." 
Such was the opinion of Mr. Buchanan, now 
President of these United States. I repeat that 
I quote the two passages together—one from 
South Carolina and the other from Pennsylvania; 
one from Senator Butler, the other from Presi- 
dent Buchanan; one the leader of the South, the 
other the leader of tbc Democracy—to show that 
there Mtas between them then a perfect acqui- 
escence of opinion upon thc subject; and that that 
which is called heresy in us now, was in them 
orthodoxy pure and perfect. 
But, sir, to rise from the lesser to the greater, 
to speak of him who, in the hearts of his coun- 
trymen, was first in honor as in place—Harry of 
the West—let us see what were the opinions 
which he expressed upon the subject as late as 
1850. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE read, as follows: 
Mr. Clay, on the 24th of July, ,1850, said : 
In uny opinion, therefore. the supposition that the Con- 
stitution of the United States carries slavery into C,'aliför- 
supposing her not to be State, is an assu:npt.iotl 
1*Vhv, it' the C,on- 
tally' unwarranted by the Constitution 
privilege i: bc incompetent for 
$titution gave the 
, in fcn•rßing that 
pride upon most subiects, I have 
eludinz slavery) which 
to adopt the provision (ec 
opinion, followed a {cad still nlorc illustrious t.han 
'J.'he C(RlSi-iauion of the U!) i- 
has in her 
his own. for ox-tunpl(i and comfort, 
Stat 
My rules of 
that opinion around me, 1 20 far beyo]'ld the likilits 
I eon unvention of the Constitution. 
interpreting the ConstitUt'ion •are'tho• good old '9B 
and '99. I have never in my life •deviated from those rules. 
ritories is guarantied you by the-- ConstitUtiön, or is an -min- 
Cident necessary to the carrying out Ot •any other«poWér 
that is delegated in the Constitution, I-have been uhable 
to perceive it. You cannot put your'. finger On:tbe part of 
carry {laves from one of the States of the Union tö any 
Territory of the United States, nor can I admit for single 
moment that there are any separate or several rights upon 
the -part of the States, or individual Qfa State,- or 
any portion of the people of the United States, to carry 
slaves into the Territories, under the idea that -those Tet- 
ritories are held in comtnon between the several States. 
It is joint property, held by a common trustee for the-gen• 
eral good, and to be administered by the General Govenj- 
ment, according to its deiiberate judgmenv of what wili 
best promote the common happiness and prosperity; and do 
justice to all." 
Mr. BAKER. Such, sir, was the opinion- of 
the great leader of the Whig party. 
I read now to overwhelm, as I trust, the Sena- 
tor, with authority which cannot be disputed or 
denied, the opinion of the great leader of the Dem- 
ocratic party, Mr. Cass. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE read, as follows: 
Mr. Cass, November 4, 1854, at Detroit, said ; 
Thc assumption which I have referred to is, that 
very is essential to the equal enjoyment of the publie 
domain. Now, the public do:nnin exists as well in the 
States as in the Territories, and cvery act of Congress in 
relation to its sale and settlement is equally in force where 
ever acre of public land is to be found. 'l'here is not ope 
statute upon this subject which docs.not operate as fully in 
Ohio as in Oregon. If, therefore, the credit of the United 
States gives to the slaveholdm• thc right to take his peculiar 
property to the public dornain, how happens it that the 
public domain is closed to him the moment u State consti- 
tution is formed aod slavery excluded from it? Does the 
constitution of a State overrule and override that of the 
United States? Such is not the reading o? the general Con- 
stitution, which discloses its own supremacy upon all mat.„ 
ters committed to it over the constitutions of the States. 
Either, theretorc, this claim of the expansive powcrof sla- 
very over the public domain is unfoundcd, or slaves *nay 
be taken to Ohio, or to any other of the new States where 
any portion of the public land is yet unsold." 
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, 1 have now 
quoted gcntlemcn who, in tho modern phrase, arc, 
as I apprehend, to bc classed as " conservative" 
By the by, I do not know but that ought 
to apologize for the use of that word conserva- 
I do not profess very wcli to understand 
ti ve. 
I apprehend that whatever we believe is con- 
it. 
servative, and whatever somebody else believes 
I am reminded of tbe old lines arising 
is not. 
out of the Jacobitc controversy: 
God bless the faith ; God bless the faith's defender ; 
God bless—no harm in blessing—the Pretender ! 
Who the Pretender is, arid who the Kiug— 
God bless my soul, thaPs quite another thin«." 
And I apologize, therefore, for saying conserv- 
ativc. They are better than that. They are men ; 
great, able, wise, true, devoted to the country, 
the whole country, its Constitution, its Rlory and 
where neither malice nor envy can reach him 
more. He has gone to that rest amid the tears 
and prayers of generations crowded around him 
to the last. The other has shown in a great crisis 
that he loved his country more than he loved 
either State, or place, ot• power, or party. May 
his memory remain green in the American heart 
forever and forever ! 
Mr. KING. If the Senator will give way—as 
he has already spoken a long time—and in order 
that he may finish his speech -to-morrow, I will 
move that the Senate adjourn. 
Mr. POLK. What is that motion? 
Mr. KING. The Senator-gives way to a mo- 
tion to adjourn, so as to complete his speech to- 
morrow. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BIGLER 
in the chair.) The question is on the motion to 
ad inurn. 
Mr. BROWN. Perhaps it is not proper fm 
me to interfere in a matter of this sort 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A simple 
tion to adjourn cannot be debated. 
Mr. BKOWN. The Senator from Illinois, now 
absent, [Mr. DOUGLAS,] proposes to take the 
floor to-morrow; and if we adjourn now, it neces- 
sarily interferes with that arrangement; and un- 
less the Senator from Oregon is unable td go on, 
I am unwilliw to assent to the motion. 
Mr. KING.D The Senator, 1 understand, will 
be able to c.omp]cte what he has to say in about 
I trust thc Senator will pursue the Ordi- 
an hour. 
nary course in this matter. The Senator from 
Oregon has already spoken over two hours, 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion 
