232 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 2, 
the— day of December, 1860, adopted the following ordi- 
nance, namely: We, the people Df South Carolina, in con- 
vention assembled, do declare and ordain that the ordinance 
adopted by us in the convention of the 23d of May, 1788, 
whereby the Constitution of the United States was ratified, 
and the acts ratifying amendinents to the said Constituz 
tion, are hereby repealed, and the union now subsisting be- 
tween South Carolina and the other States, under the name 
ofthc United States of America, is hereby dissolved and 
whereas the said State of South Carolina, in pursuance 
thereof', and t.hc proclamation of the Governor of said State, 
claims to be a separate and independent Government, and 
is attempting to exercise the powers of such separate and 
independent Government: Tlierefore, 
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in- 
structed to inquire into the same, and to report to this 
necessary, on the patt of Congress, in consequence of the 
position thus assunned by the said State of South Carolina. 
The pending question was upon seconding the 
demand for the previous question, on which tellers 
had bccn ordered. 
Messrs. BRIGGS, and STEVENS of Pennsylvania, 
wore appointed tellers. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes 46, noes 72. 
So the previous question was not seconded. 
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, 1 desire 
iiuire whether an amendment, in the naturc of a 
substitutc for the pending proposition, is in order? 
'rhe SPEAKER. 
Mr. HOLMAN. Then move, to strike out 
all of the original proposition, and to insert in 
lieu thereof what I send to thc Clerk's desk. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. [ withdraw my res- 
olution, if i have a riffiit to do so. 
Mr. FARNSWOR9TH. 1 object. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Isthe resolution of 
the gentleman from [ndiana before the House ? 
Tbc SPEAKER. The understands that 
his resolution has been withdrawn. 
Mr. VALLA'NDIGHAM. Objection was 
made; and I would inqtlirc if the gentleman from 
Indiana has the power to withdraw it? 
The SPFAKER. The Chair supposes it is in 
order at any time before action has been had on 
thc resolution. Thcre had been no action had 
upon it, and therefore t.hc gentleman was entitled 
to withdraw it. 
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. 1 again demand 
tl'le previous question upon the resolution-as ori- 
ginally offered by the gentleman from Indiana. 
The SPEAKER. The resolution with. 
drawn. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Is not the 
olution before the House? 
The SPEAKER. It is not. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. 
I object to its 
being wiJhdrawn. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the 40th 
rule read. 
The rule was read, as follows: 
After a tnot.ion is stated by the Speaker, or read by thc 
Clerk, it shall bc deemed to he in the possession the 
but it rnay be withdrawn at any tin'ke be{Orc a 
decision or a tnendlne nt. 
The SPEAK 
'I'he Chair thinks that it was 
in order to withd raw the resolution under that 
Mr. SHERMAN. An amendment was 
'The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. DAVIS] 
was recocrnized , and omn•cd an amendment; it was 
SPEAKER. 
'i"hcre has been no action of 
tbc House upon it. 
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. The rules were 
suspended on tho resolution of the gentlunan 
SPEAKER. That ••.vas only for the pur- 
pose of enabling him to introduce it, as the Chair 
supposes. 
Mr. SHERMAN. still must raise a point 
of hc gentlenlan from Indiana [Mr. DA- 
offers his resolution. 
Objection is made, 
nnd he then moves to suspend the rules to enable 
him to offer it for consideration now. The Flouse 
act, upon that. 
Mr. QUA RLES. I rise to a point of order. 
Does thc gentlemar) from Ohio appeal from the 
decision of the Chair? Otherwise, debate is not 
in ordcr. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do take an appeal 
purpose of submitting my point. My point is: 
that the resolution of the gentleman from Indiana 
[Mr. DAF1s] was submitted to the House, and 
the House suspended the rules for the purpose of 
considering it, 
'I'hey acted upon and refused to 
order the previous qucstion. The gentleman from 
Indiana [Mr. I-IOLMAN] then offered an amend- 
ment. It was read for information, and the House 
has had two separate votes to adjourn with the 
•resolution pending before the House. 
It seems 
to me, the gentleman from Indi- 
ana cannot withdraw his resolution without the 
consent of the House; and I think it right that 
we should have a vote upon the proposition. I 
therefore respectfully take an appeal from the 
decision of the Chair. 
Mr. BOCOCK. An appeal has been taken by 
the gentleman from Ohio, and I wish to make a 
few remarks in answer to the remarks made by 
him upon this question of ordcr. Asl understand 
it, Mr. Speaker, the proposition of tl'1C gentleman 
from Indiana behind mc [Mr. DAvrs] was to 
submit his resolution. 
He had no right, as thc 
gentleman from Ohio seems to think, to offer any 
rcsolution at all. When the gentleman from In- 
diana rose to ask the leave of the I-louse to offer 
his resolution, it was objected to, and the ques- 
of thc suspension of the rules was upon the 
point whcthcr the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. 
DAVIS] should be pcrmittcd to offer his resolu- 
tion. The rules were suspended, and the gen- 
tleman from Indiana was allowed to present his 
resolution. 
Being thus presented, it stood pre- 
cisely as if it had been offered by the genttmnan 
from Indiana at a time x.vhen it was in order to 
offcr resolutions. 
r I'he suspension of thc rules 
was not that the proposition should bc then con- 
sidered, but siznply that the gentleman from In, 
diana should have leave, then, out of order, to 
submit his resolution. 
I say it stood before the 
I-louse precisely as a resolution would havc stood, 
öflln•ed by the gentleman frorn Indiana or any 
other member, at a time when it was in order to 
offer resolutions. 
At the time that the proposition for suspending 
the rules was pending, the gentleman from Indi- 
ana over the way [Mr. HOLMAN] rose to offcr his 
resolution as a substitute for the proposition of the 
gentleman from Indiana behind me, [Mr. DAV!s.] 
It was not then in order, because the question 
had not then been dccidod whether the rules 
should be suspended to allow the resolution of 
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. DAv1s] to come 
before the I-louse. The rules were suspended 
to allow Mr. DAvrs's resolution to come before 
thc House; and he, immediately, and before any 
tion. Another gentleman from Indiana [Mr. 
HOLMAN] then took the floor, and offered his res- 
olution as a substitute; and while he had the 
floor, the first gentleman from Indiana [MI'. DA- 
VIS] rose and asked to withdraw his resolution. 
He had no right to do so, inasmuch as bis col- 
league [MI'. HOLMAN] had thc floor. 
Mr. BOCOCK. Does the gentleman mean to 
say that the act. of offering an amendment was 
action by thc House ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. The House had already 
acted upon the resolution by refusing to second 
the previous question. The other gentleman from 
Indiana [Mr. HOLMAN] then got the floor, and 
could not be deprived of his right to submit any 
proposition he might choose to submit. No man 
could take the floor till he had vacated it. After 
that, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dnvzs] 
might, if he chose, have endeavored to withdraw 
his resolution. 
Mr. BOCOCK. Allow me to call attention to 
the precise wording of the rule: 
After a motion is stated by the Speaker, or read by the 
Clerk, it shall be decnled to be in the possession of the. 
House, ; but may be withdrawn at any tinnc beförc a deeis•- 
ion or amendment," 
That does not mean thc simple offcring of an 
amendment, but the adoption of an 
A n y member can offer an amendment; but the 
mover ofa proposition cannot be deprived o? his 
right to withdraw it. When the rule says " be- 
före amendment," it means before any amend- 
ment is acrreed to. I las there been any decision 
on tl')e resolution, or any amendincnt agreed to? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think that the 
on the 151st page of the Manual settles this matter: 
A vot.e on a rnotion to suspend the rules cannot bc 
reconsidered." 
" Where the 
proposition, if he fails to submit it, another Inen)ber Illay 
do so." 
Now, to avoid all controversy, I sul.)mit the 
proposition offered by the gentleman from Indi- 
the rules for the purpose of actintr on this partic- 
uhu• proposition. 
The SPEAKER. The question involved here 
is somewhat new. The Chair docs 110t recollect 
that any question of thc kind has arisen since he 
has occupicd thc chair. But the (Jhair'.s con- 
struction of the rule is what has been 
proposition föramendmentoranvsabstitute could given. The Chair docs not see what other con- 
be offered, asked that the previous question should I 
struction can bc given to it. 
'I'he rule is ! his: 
be sustained upon his resolution. It was not sus- 
tained. The proposition of the gentleman from 
Indiana [Mr. HOLMAN] would then have been in 
order, if Mr. Davrs's resolution had remained 
before the House. But before the resolution of 
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. HOLMAN] had 
reached the Speaker's chair, Mr.I)Av1s rose in 
his place and withdrew his resolution. So, then, i 
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio [MI'. 
SHERMAN] is incorrect in two particulars. 
In the 
first place, it is a mistake to suppose that the rules 
were suspended to require the resolution of the 
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. DAVIS] to bc now 
acted upok'). The rules were suspended merely 
to allow him to offer the resolution. 
In the sec- 
ond place, the proposition of the gentleman is 
incorrect in this particular: the resolution of the 
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. HOLMAN] was not 
read after it was in order to offer it. He did I 
have it read before it was in order to offer it, 
and before the rules were suspended. After the 
rules were suspended, the gentlenlan from Indi- 
ana [Mr. HOLMAN] rose and offered a substitute; 
but before that substitutc was read at the Clerk 's 
desk, the other gentleman from ludiana [Mr. 
DAVIS.] had withdrawn his proposition. That 
proposition hacl bccn before the I-louse. The only 
question was, whether thc previous question 
should be seconded upon it. That failed. That 
is not considered definitive or decided acti01'1 of 
thc House. Therefore, I say, that before there 
was any action had by the House upon the prop- 
osition itself, thc gentlen-latl from Indiana [ MI'. 
DAY1s] withdrew it. 
Mr. SHERMAN. It to me that this is I 
n very simple proposition. The only question is 
this: has the I-louse taken any action on the res- 
olution offered by the gentlen)an from Indiana, 
After a motion is stated bv t.be Speaker, or re;ul by the 
Clerk, it shall be deemed to "be in the possession ot• 
I-louse; but may be withdrawn at any time beCorc a de- 
cision or amendment." 
Now, when the rules are suspended, it is for 
the purpose of placing the resolution in posses- 
Sion of the House. 
The suspension of the rules 
can have no further effect than that. Now the 
question arises on withdrawincr it. M/ hen may it 
be withdrawn? ft may bc 
' withdrawn at. any 
time before a decision or amendment." The Chair 
supposes that the word 
" decision moans be- 
fore the resolution is decided, and that the word 
" amcndrnent, ' 
in the same connection, means be- 
fore there is any decision on an anu•ndment. The 
merc offering of' an amendmcnt, the Chair sup- 
poses, has no effect wrbatcvcr. Therefore, accord- 
incr to the construction which the Chair places on 
the rule,the Chair is bound by the decision already 
made. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now, under leave, offer 
the resolution submitted by the gentleman from 
li'ldiana, [Mr. DAvrs,] and claim the right to do 
so. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 rise to a point 
of order. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SHER- 
MAN] is out of ordcr in attempting to introduce a 
resolution of this descri ption at this time. 
fer to the decision to which he has directed the 
attention of the Chair and of tbc House. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair should be glad to 
hear distinctly the proposition of the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
Mr. SHERMAN. At the first session of Con- 
gress, this very point was dccided: that when the 
House suspends its rules for the introduction of 
a particular proposition, and when the metnber 
who submitted the proposition withdraws it, any 
[Mr. that it has. 
It suspended 
other member can submit the proposition, and de- 
the rules to enable him to introduce it. He in- 
mnnd a vote upon it. I therefore renew the propo- 
troduced it, and moved the previous question. 
si lion of the gonJleman from Indiana, [Mr. IDA vis . ] 
The House refused to second the previous ques- 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 raise a point of 
