1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
233 
order on that proposition. My point is based on 
the decision to which the gentleman from Ohio 
has directed attention. That decision is to the 
effect that when the rules are suspended to enable 
a member to submit a particular proposition, if he 
fails to submit it, another member may do so. 
The gentleman from Indiana did not fail tb submit 
his proposition. He did submit it. It was before 
the House; and he afterwards withdrew it, as he 
had a right to do. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair adheres to the 
opinion which it has already given. There being 
no decision on the resolution or on an amend- 
ment, the resolution may be withdrawn; and the 
resolution having been withdrawn, the amend- 
ment proposed by the gentleman from Indiana 
[Mr. HOLMAN] falls with it. The Chair does not 
see that the point made by tho gentleman from 
Ohio has any application to such a case. 
arneodmcnt be fairly before the House, and the 
tnover of it rises and wishes to withdraw it, then 
the rule provides that another gentleman may re- 
new it. But if the original resolution be with- 
drawn, then the whole matter fails. 
Mr. SHERMAN. r demand a vote upon the 
original resolution, on the precedent which I send 
to the Clerk 's desk. 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 ask the gentleman from 
Ohio if he has withdrawn his appeal from the 
decision of the Chair? 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not withdrawn it. 
Mr. QUARLES. Then it is not in order for 
the gentleman to bring forward any other propo- 
sition until the appeal shall have been acted upon. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to hear 
the precedent referred to by the gentleman from 
Ohio. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
A motion was made by Mr. BOON that the rule be again 
suspended, to enable Mr. STEWART, who intimated a wish 
to do so, to rnake a motion that the said resolution do lie 
on the table. 
And, on the question, Shali the rule bc suspended for 
tbc purposc aforesaid ? " 
" It passed in t.he affinnative ; two thirds voting therefor. 
"A Inotion was then made by Mr. STEWART, that the said 
do lie on the table. 
"And before the question was put thereon, Mr. STEWART 
withdrew his said motion. 
" The inotion fhat the said resolution, and the arnend- 
Inent. proposed by Mr. CORWIN, do lie on the table, was 
then renewed bv Mr. MOORE ; and an inquiry was made 
whether the rnofion of Mr. MOORE could be received with- 
out aoain suspending thc rule, 
'l'he SPEAKER (Mr. HUBBARD acting) decided that the 
suspension of the rule was for the purpose of receivin€r a 
motion LO lay the resolution on the table, and to come U) a 
decision on that motion, and it was immaterial by whorn 
the motion might be made ; and that the motion made by 
Mr. MOORE would, therefore, be entertained. 
From this decision Mr. JOHN QUINCY ADAMS appealed 
to the House, on the ground that. the 'notion was to suspend 
the rule for thc purpose of enabling Mr. STEWART to Inove 
that the resolution do lie on the tabic, and that, Mr. STEW- 
ART having made his said motion, and withdrawn it, it was 
necessary that the rule should bc again suspended, before 
the said motion could be renewed by any other member. 
Aud, after debute on t.he appeal, 
Mr. MOORE withdrew his motion that the said resolu- 
lion and aencndment do lie on the table. 
" An inquiry was then Inade of the Chair, whether the 
witlidrtuval of thc motion t.hat the said resolution do lie on 
the table sct aside the question on the appeal by Mr. JOHN 
QUINCY ADAMS. 
The SPEAKER dccided that the appeal did not fan by Lhe 
withdrawal of the motion that the resolution do lie on the 
table, and that the question on the appeal was the question 
then pending before the House. 
Mr. VAN HOUTEN then renewed the motion that the said 
resolution and amendment do lic on the table. 
And the question was then put on the appeal moved 
by Mr. JOHN QUINCY ADAMS, viz: 'Shall the decision of 
the Speaker stand as the judgment of the House 
And passed in the aflinnative—yeas 150, nays 13." 
Mr. SHERMAN. That is directly 
in point; and it was even a stronger case, for that 
was a proposition submitted the third time.•• In 
this case, It is only proposed to submit it for the 
second time. 
Mr. BOCOCK. Thc gentleman from Tennessee 
has raised a point of order, that nothing can be 
before the I-louse at this time except the appeal 
from the decision of the Chair. 
Mr. SHERMAN. withdraw my appeal, and 
now submit the. proposition of the gentleman from 
Indiana, [Mr. DAY1s,] which has been withdrawn. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 
of the rlouse to Lhc report in the Daily Globe of 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to suspend the rules 
for the purpose of introducing the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the rules were sus- 
pended." 
The very purpose for which the rules were sus- 
pended, was to enable the gentleman from Indiana 
to introduce that resolution, and not to enable any 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 understood the purpose of 
suspending the rules was to enable the resolution 
to be introduced, without any reference to the 
person introducing it. 
Mr. BOCOCK. Do I understand that there is 
an appeal pending? 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have withdrawn my ap- 
peal, and I do not understand that there is any 
appeal pending. I again offer the resolution of- 
fered on Monday last by the gentleman from 
Indiana, [Mr. DAVIs.] 
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 raise a question of order 
upon that. 
Mr. GROW. In order that we may know 
precisely the state of the question upon which 
the gentleman from Virgima raises a point of 
order, I ask the Chair to state it. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from ln- 
diana [Mr. DAVIS] having withdrawn his resolu- 
tion, offered under a suspension of the rules on 
Monday last, the gentleman from Ohio now pro- 
poses to offer the proposition of the gentleman 
from Indiana, [Mr. IIOLMAN,] by way of amend- 
ment. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Chair did not under- 
stand my proposition. 
I offer a.ffain the resolu- 
tion offered and withdrawn by Mr. IDA vis, of 
Indiana. I renew the fesolution in accordance 
with the precedent which I have cited. I do not 
offer the amendment proposed by Mr. HOLMAN, 
but the original proposition. 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 desire to call the attention 
of the gentleman from Ohio to the difference there 
is between the precedent read at the Clerk 's desk 
and the case now before the House. 
Mr. SHERMAN. should be very glad to 
hear the difference, for I confess I cannot see 
any. 
Mr. KUNKEL. I ask the attention of the 
gentleman from Ohio ar,d of the Chair to this, to 
me, very clear distinction. There the motion was 
to suspend the rules to enable the mover t.o lay 
on the tablc tho proposition before the House. 
The rules •were suspcndcd to enable this inciden- 
tal rnotion to be made relative to a main proposi- 
lion which was before the House. The Chair, 
perhaps properly, decided that, that incidental 
motion having bcen withdrawn, it was competent 
for any other gentleman to renew it, the main 
question being pending before the House. But, 
in this instance, the main question having, under 
another mile, been withdrawn, the gentleman from 
Ohio desires to renew it, 
It is clearly a case dis- 
tinct from the one cited as a precedent. 
Mr. BOCOCK. I believe I have the floor; and 
I rise to a question of order. • I submit that the 
gentleman from Ohio cannot submit again the res- 
olution submitted and withdrawn by the gentle- 
man from Indiana. I think the gentleman from 
Maryland, to some extent, is correct in saying that 
the two cases are not similar; and I think I can 
show that fact to the satisfaction of the Chair and 
of the gentleman from Ohio, if I can have their 
attention. 
I believe the decision of. the Chair in the case 
referred to by the gentleman from Ohio was not 
a correct decision in the first place. 
It has never I 
been reaffirmed. It was made years acro; and no 
decision, from that time to this *can be found of 
a similar character. 
I, for once in my life, find 
myself agreeing with the distinguished gentleman 
from Massachusetts who then held a seat in the 
House, and who took an appeal from the decision 
of the Chair. The decision on that occasion was 
fining it to the cases to which•it was intended -to 
apply, and allowing it to,go no- -fürthor. What 
was the proposition then? It was, that a propor 
sitiön bemg before the House, the rules be -sus* 
pended for the purpose of allowing urnotionto be 
made affecting that proposition, which motion 
was not otherwise in order. The principal •prop• 
osition '•,vas then ponding before the House, and 
the question was merely whether this , Ör some 
other motion should be made in relation to it. 
The motion it was desired to make—to lay on the 
table—was not subject to amendment. e 
Now, the gentleman from Ohio, who is a fair- 
minded man, will not •deny that a motion to lay 
on the table, under the circumstances, is a motion 
involving a principle entirely distinct from .-this 
proposition to introduce a resolution, the subject 
of which is not before the House. The decision 
now sought by the gentleman from Ohio to be 
made is an enlargement of the decision thén made. 
That vvas a motion that could not be amended; 
while the gentleman from Ohio seeks, under cover 
of the resolution that he desires torenew, to adopt 
an amendment which is an entirely distinct prop-• 
osition. And I ask the attention of the Speaker 
and the attention of the House to this point: I 
think the present diffculty grows out of a mis- 
conception of the purpose for which the rules of 
the House are suspended. The suspension of 
the rules is allowed merely in order that a propo- 
sition maybe brought before the House. As 1• 
have already Stated, the gentleman from Indiana 
—and I invite attention to the point—had no right, 
without a suspension of the rules, to bring for- 
ward his proposition. The rules were suspended 
to allow him to bring it forward. He did bring 
it forward. The moment the proposition was in 
the possession of the House, that moment the 
question ofa suspension of the rules was " clean 
gone," and had no more to do with the prqposie 
fion submitted by the gentleman from Indiana 
than if there had been no suspension of the rules 
moved . 
Understand my point. I say that it was in 
order for the gentlemen from Indiana too present 
his resolution; but objection being made, it was 
necessary for him to procure a suspension of the 
rules before his resolution could be introduced. 
The rtlles were suspended; and under thåt sus- 
pension of the rules, the gentleman from Indiana 
presented his resolution. The instant the rules 
were suspended, and the resolution was before 
the House, that instant the question of the sus- 
pension of the rules was " clean gone." That 
question was no more before us; and the proposi- 
Oon stood precisely as if there had been no sus- 
pension of the rules asked for and granted. Now, 
sir, the precedent cited by the gentleman from 
Ohio [Mr. SHERMAN] enlarges and varies that 
meaning of the suspension of the rules. 
I say 
that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. DAYIS] did 
make the motion for a suspension of the rules; 
did submit his proposition under a suspension of 
the rules; and that when that proposition -was 
pending before the House, the question of how 
it came before the House was no longer a matter 
for our consideration. 
It was before the House, 
in the possession of the House; and being before 
the House, and in the possession of the House, 
the gentleman from Indiana, who had submitted 
it, withdrew it, as he had the right to do. 
Next, let me inquire, how do you get the prop- 
osition of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SHER- 
MAN] before the House? The thing proposed to 
be done under the suspension of the rules, asked 
for by the gentleman from Indiana, has been done 
the purpose which he sought on Monday last 
has been accomplished. The gentleman from In- 
diana, [Mr. DAY1s,] who asked for a suspension 
of the rules, did what he had a right to do; and 
now, two or three days having elapsed, the gen- 
tleman from Indiana, in pursuance of authority 
not mado by the regular Speaker of the House. granted him under the rules, comes forward and 
It was made a member temporarily occupying the withdraws his resolution. The gentleman from 
Chair, and we know how' often questions of order Ohio [Mr. SHERMAN] claims thc right to bring 
are decided by merc questions of party suggestion that proposition again before the House. 
In the 
case alluded to by the gentleman from, Ohio, the 
or feeling. 
But admitting, for tho sake of argument, that question before the House was on a motion to 
decision to he can•ect, I hold that it does not a_p. lay upon the t.able. The motion to lay upon t}'iC 
it is a principle which wili not table did not affect the proposition whether the 
ply to this case. 
thc day of the last meeting of the House: 
be questioned, that when a rule is adopted in vio- question was before the House or not. The prop- 
Mr. .l)xvls, of Indiana, ask the unanimous consent it 
lation of the general of law, it is to be ositlon was pending, and the question was sim- 
of the House. tor leave to introduce the föllowincv resolu- 
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object to the resolution. 
construed sti'iotly. 'I'hen you eunot construe ply with reference to a motion to lay upon the 
this decision of the House strictly without con- table. 
