1861. 
Mr. BARKSDALE. debate. 
Mr. GOOCH. And then decline, after the rules 
have been suspended for that purpose, to make 
the motion which I have indicated, can not any 
other member make the motion, and bring before 
thc Elouse. the subject-matter which the House 
has suspended its rules to consider? 
rl'he SPEAKER. As objection is made to 
further debate, the Chair will decide the question. 
'l'he'40111 rule reads as follows: 
After a motion is stated by the Speaker, or read by the 
it Shakl be deemed to be in the possession of the 
House; but may bc withdrawn at any time before a decision 
or atnendmeut." 
The Chair has already decided that the gentle- 
man from Indiana had the right to withdraw his 
proposition, for the reason that there has been no 
dccksion upon it or amendment to it. From that 
decision no appeal was taken. The gentleman 
from Ohio now insists that he has the right to 
renew the proposition of the gentleman from In- 
diana, and claims that when the rules are sus- 
pcndcd to enable a member to submit a particular 
proposition, if hc fails to submit it, another mem- 
ber may do so. Now, the question between the 
gentleman from Ohio and the Chair is, whether 
it can bc said, according 10 a fair construction of 
the rules, that the gentleman from Indiana has 
not submitted his proposition. The gentleman 
from Indiana submitted his proposition, and some- 
time was spent in its consideration; but before a 
decision was come to, he withdrew it. Now, the 
question for the consideration of the Chair is sim- 
ply this: whether that is within the rule referred 
to by the gentleman from Ohio. I confess that I 
think it is not; and especially, as the rules have 
been suspended to admit the resolution of the 
gentleman from Indiana; and now, the business 
having been continued to this day, the rules could 
not, under the rules of the House, be suspended 
again. The Chair thinks the proposition cannot 
be renewed. 
Mr. SHERMAN. take an ap- 
peal from the decision of the Chair. 
IVIr. A DRAIN. I move to lay that appeal on 
the table. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. the 
gentleman from Ohio to withdraw his appeal. 
1 
do not sec any particular reason why we should 
act upon those propositions now. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 hope the gentle- 
man will withdraw his appeal, for this matter 
would be a disturbance to the lucubrations of the 
committee of thirty-three. [Laughter.] 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 adhere to my appcal. 
Mr. A DRAIN. And I insist upon my motion 
to lay upon the table. 
Mr. CAREY demanded the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the negative—yeas 73, nays 77; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Allen. Thomas L. Anderson, 
Barksdale, Barret, Bocock, Boteler, Bouligny, Branch, 
Briggs, John B. Clark, Clemens, Cobh, John Cochrane, 
Cox, James Craig, Crawford, John G. Davis, Reuben Da- 
vis, De Jarnette, Dimmick, Florence, Garnett, Gartrell, 
Gilmer, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harri*, 
Hatton, Hindman, Holman, Houston, William Howard, 
Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Kunkel, Larrabee, James 
M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Love, Maclay Mallory, Charles 
D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, {fcClernand, Mc- 
Kenty, McRae, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Isaac 
N. Morris, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Pryor, Pugh, 
Quarles, Riggs, James C. Robinson, Simms, Singleton, 
William N. H. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Thomas, Val-. 
landigham, Vance, Winslow. Woodson, and Wright—73. 
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Beale, Bingharn, Blair, 
Blake, Brayton, Buffnton, Burlingame, Burnham, Camp- 
bell, Carey, Caæ, Coburn, Colfa*, Dawes, Delano, Duell, 
Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot., Ely, Farnsworth. Fenton, Fos- 
ter, French, Gooch, Grow, Hale, Helmick,' Hill, William 
A. noward, Hutching, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, 
Kenyon, Kilgore, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Long- 
necker, L00ii1is, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, McKnight, 
McPherson, Millward, Montgomery, Moorhead, Olin, 
Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds 
Royce, Sherrnan, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, 'l'appan, 
'I'hayer, Theaker, Train, 'I'rimble, Verrec, Wade, Waldron, 
Walton. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, 
wells, Wilson, and Windom—77. 
So the House refused to lay the appeal upon 
the table. 
During the call of tbc roll, 
Mr. QUARLES stated that Mr. NELSON was 
engaged on the committee of thirty-three. 
Mr. HILL changed his votc from ' 'ay" to no," 
for the purpose of moving a reconsideration. 
The result of the vote having been announced, 
as above recorded, 
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote by 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
235 
which the House refused to lay the appeal upon 
the table; and on that motion demanded -the yeas 
and _nays. 
Mr. HARDEMAN (at a quarter before two 
o'clock, p. m.) moved that the House adjourn. 
Mr. QUARLES demanded the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri. 
It seems to 
me, Mr. Speaker, that the action of the House 
upon these resolutions will be calculated to irritate 
the public mind, and tend to hasten impending 
I therefore move that the House resolve 
events. 
ifselfinto the Committee of the Whole on the state 
of-the Union. 
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order 
pending the motion to adjourn, upon which the 
yeas and nays have been ordered. 
Mr. SHERMAN. With the indulgence of the 
House, and for the purpose of facilitating busi- 
ness, I will state that, if the resolution is allowed 
to come in, I will move to refer it io a selcct com- 
mittee of five. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 object to that 
without amendments. 
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio 
could get the floor on Monday and move to sus- 
pend tho rules, without making a struggle here 
to the obstruction of the public business by in- 
sisting on his appeal. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice to the House 
that if I have an opportunity to renew this reso- 
lution, I will move to refer it to a select committee 
of five, with instructions. Those instructions, 
probably, will not excite opposition or debate. 
Let the whole subject go to a select committee of 
five. The committee of thirty-three is too large 
to consider the propositions. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It has become con- 
veniently small. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 understand that it has 
been deserted by some gentlemen who ought to 
be there. 
The question was taken on Mr. HARDEMAN'S 
motion; and it was decided in the negative—ycas 
57, nays 100; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs.Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Barksdale, 
Bocock, Branch, John B. Clark, John Cochrane. Crawtörd, 
Reuben Davis, De Jarnette, Dirnmick, Edmundson, Flor- 
ence, Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Hardeman, John 
T. Harris, Hatton, Hill, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jen- 
kins, Jones, Kunkel, James M. Leach, Leake, Lee, Love, 
Maclay, Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Maynard, MeCler- 
nand, McRae, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Isaac 
N. Morris, Nibtack, Pryor, Pugh, Quarles, C. Rob- 
inson, Simms, Singleton, William N. II. Smith, Stevenson, 
Thornas, 
son, and Wright—57. 
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adraln, Aldrich, Allen, 
Alley, "Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, make, Bouligny, 
Brayton, Briggs, Buflinton, Burlingame, Burnham, Camp- 
bell, Carey, Case, Clemens, Cobb, Coburn, Colfax, Cox, 
Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, 
Ely, Etheridge, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, French, 
Gooch, Grow, Elale, Ilelmick, Hindman, Hoard, I-lolman, 
William Howard, William A. Howard, Hutchins, Irvine, 
Kenyon, Kilgore, Killinger, 
Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, 
Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, Logan, Longnecker,Loomis, 
Lovejoy, Marston, Elbert S. Martin, McKean, McKenty, 
McKnight, McPherson, Milward, Montgomery, Moorhead, 
Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Olin, Palmer, Pendleton, Perry, 
Pettit, Peyton, Porter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, Royce, 
Shertnan, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Stokes, Stratton, 
Tappan, Thayer, 'I'heaxer, Train, Trimble, Verree, Wade, 
Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. 
Washburne, Webster, Wells, Wilson, and Windom—100s 
So the House refused to adjourn. 
During the roll call. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said: I had paired 
with Mr. POTTER', but by the consent ofhisfriends 
the pair has been transferred to anothergentleman, 
and I am allowed to vote to-day. I desire to make 
that statement in order that Mr. POTTER may 
understand why I vote. 
Mr. I-IINDMAN said: 1 shall insist on voting 
aoainst all motions that evince a desire to dela 
action on thisquestion, and I therefore vote " no. 
I want gentlemen to bring the issue up. 
The result of the vote having been announced as 
above recorded, the question recurred upon Mr. 
HILL 's motion to reconsider the vote by which the 
House rcfuscd to lay the appeal upon the table. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
there seems to be an unwillingness to vote upon 
these propositions; and I confess that I am un- 
willing myself. They refer to some events that 
are allco•ed to have taken place at Charleston, and 
yet tl'ley contain very important propositions and 
I would prefer to have more 
abstract principles. 
information upon thc subject; and, if the appeal 
can be will-.mo*e the <ippoibtment 
of a special committee, to whom the whole mat" 
ter shall be referred, with -instrÜct:ions to mike 
inquiries. If the House will allow me, I. willsend 
those instructions to the Clerk's -read 
for information. 
Mr. HOUSTON. -1 shall object to that. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. 
read for information. 
Mr. HOUSTON. If-the gentleman €vill intro- 
duce his resolution, aid 'let it go to the committee 
to which all others have been referred, of course 
I cannot very well object to it. Butl believe the• 
Speaker has decided the question of order c•or• 
rectly; and I do not intend to consent to any ar- 
rangement by which another special committee 
will bc raised upon this subject. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. The motion to 
refer will, of course, be amendable; and the gen- 
tleman can name any other committee. 
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 shall not consent. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Let the in- 
structions be read, and perhaps there will be no 
objection. 
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 be certain to object 
to a special committee. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 hope the 
allow the pro osition to be read. 
The SPEAkER. If there be no objection, it 
will be read for information. 
There being no objection, the Clerk read Mr. 
HOWARD's proposition, as follows: 
Resolved, That the whole subject:be referred to a-special 
conunittee of this House, to be appointed to make imme- 
diate inquiry and report : First, Whctber any executive 
officer of the United States has been, or is now, treating or 
holding communication with any persons or persons con- 
cerning the surrender ot any .iOrts, fort-resses, Or public 
property ot the United States ; and whether any demand 
fi)r such surrender has been, made, when, and. by whom, 
and what answer has been given. Second, Whether any 
officer of this Government has at any time entered into any 
pledge, agreement, or understanding, with any -person or 
persons not to send reinförcements to the forts ot• the Uni- 
ted States in thc harbor of Charleston; and the particulars 
of sueh agreement, pledge, or understanding, when, where, 
and with whom it was rnade, and on_ what consideration. 
Third, What demand (Or reintörcements ofthe said forts has 
been made, and for what reason such reinforcements have 
not been furnished. Fourth, Where the ships of the United 
States are now stationed, with what commands, and with 
what orders. Fifth. VVhetherthe custom-house,-post oflice, 
arsenal, and other public buildings of the United States at 
Charleston, have been seized and are held in possession 
by any person or persons, and the particulars of such seiz- 
ure and possession. Sixth, Whether any revenue cutter 
o? the United States has been seized, and fs now held in 
possession by any person or persons, and the particulars 
thereof; and whether any efforts have been made by the 
head of the Treasury Department to recapture or recover 
possession of said vessel ; that -the committee have power 
to send for persons and papers, to take testimony, and re- 
port from time to time, as facts material to the national 
safety and national honor may be disclosed by the evidence. 
Mr. COBB. The committee will v.rant to have 
a clerk, of course. 
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair understands me, 
of course, as objecting to any special committee, 
with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER. The proposition was merely 
read for information. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Then 1 give notice-that; in 
case the appeal is sustained, I will not press a 
vote on the resolution, but shali be perfectly will- 
ing that it shall be referred without any debate. 
I hope that course will be pursued. 
Mr. HOUSTON. I can make no compromise. 
Even if I wanted to refer the resolution With those 
instructions, Icould make no compromise which, 
in my judgment, would overrule the law of the 
House, and the very correct and sensible decision 
of the Sieake.r of the House. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Then us have the vote. 
The yeas and nays werc ordered on Mr. HILL's 
motion. 
The question was taken; and it iras decided in 
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 75; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, 
Barksdale, Bocöck, Bouligny, Branch, Briggs, Burch, John 
B. Clark, Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane, Co.x, Crawford, 
John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jarnette, Edmundson, 
Etheridge, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer, 
Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harris, Hatton, 
Hindman, Holman, Houston, William i•loward, Huabes, 
Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Kunkel, James M. Leach, Leake, 
Logan, Love, Mackay, Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Elbert 
S. Martin, Maynard, McClernand, McKenty, McRae, Mill- 
son, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham' Moore, Isaac N. Morris, 
Niblaek, Pendleton. Peyton, Pheips, Pryor, Pugh, Quarles, 
Riggs, Jagnes C. Robinson, Simms, Singleton, Witii;rm N. 
H. Sinith, Stevenson, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Vallandig- 
hanb Vance, Webster. Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, and 
Wright—78. 
