1861, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
'237 
Mr. McCLERNAND. the House 
will adjdurn. The question of order will bring 
it up at any rate. 
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 object to debate. 
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 understand this ques- 
tion will come up as the first business to-morrow; 
and it strikes me that, with that understanding, 
the House ought to adjourn. 
Mr. HOWARD, of • Michigan. With a view 
of accommodating all sides of the House, I will 
state what I understand to be the effect of the 
proposition I make. I propose that the vote on 
the appeal.be taken at one o'clock, to-morrow. 
If the decision of the Chair is sustained, that will 
be un end of the whole thing, as a matter of course. 
If itis overruled, then I understand the resolution 
will come up. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that, if 
the House consent to that arrangement, he will 
consider it the understanding that the vote is to 
be taken to-morrow, at one o'clock, on the appeal. 
If the Chair be overruled, the resolution will then 
be before the House. [Cries of ' 'Arreed!" " No 
objection ! ' 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. 1 move, then, 
that the House do adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to. 
And thcrcupon (at a quarter past four o'clock, 
p. m.) the House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
THURSDAY, January 3, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved . 
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. BARCLAY, one of its clerks, announced 
that the House had passed a bill (No. 865) mak- 
ing appropriations for the current and contingent 
expenses of the Indian department, and for ful- 
filling treaty stipu lations with various Indian tribes 
for the year ending June 30, 1862; in which the 
concurrence of the Senate was requested. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. 
The message further announced that the Speaker 
of the House had signed the following enrolled 
bills; which thereupon received the signature of 
the Vice, President: 
A bill (S. No. 523) for the relief of Lieutenant 
George L. I-lartsl.lff, United States Army; 
A bill (H. R. No. 436) for the relief of Mrs. 
Eliza A. Merchant, widow of tho late First Lieu- 
tenant and Brevet Captain Charles G. Merchant, 
of the United States Army; and; 
A bill (H R. No. 862) making appropriations 
for the support of the Military Academy for the 
year ending thc 30th of June, 1862. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
The message further announced that the House 
had ordered the printing of the following docu- 
ments on January w, 
0 1861: 
Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury , trans- 
mitting decisions of the Secretary of War in the 
claim of Georæe Fisher, deceased—ordered at 
twelve o'clock and fourteen minutes. 
Letter from the Postmaster General, transmit- 
ting estimates for the service of the Post Office 
Department for the year•ending June 30, 1862— 
ordered at twelve o'clock and sixteen minutes. 
ADJOURNMENT TO SATURDAY. 
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was 
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be t.o 
meet on Saturday next. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. COLLAMER presented the petition of 
citizens of Craftsbury, Vermont, praying that tho 
pension of John -Woodbury may be made to com- 
mence from the date of the disability for which 
it onranted; which was referred to the Com- 
mittee on Pensions. 
Mr. KENNEDY presented the petition of Ira 
Call, praying that his pension may be made to 
commence from the date of the disability for 
which it was granted; which was referred to the 
Committee on Pensions. 
Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of Alex- 
andcr WV iison , praying for expenses 
incurred and compensation for his services, white 
United States attorney for the Territory of Utah; 
whic.}l was referred to the Committee on Claims. 
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, 1 present two 
memorials of like import, numerously signed by 
citizens of the city of Philadelphia, setting forth 
that they " earnestly pray your honorable bodies 
to pass the resolutions introduced by Hon. Mr. 
CRITTENDEN, of Kentucky, a copy of which is 
hereunto annexed," or any other resolutions cm- 
bodying the same principles and measures. They 
believe this course will be acceptable to our con- 
stituents in all sections of the country, and will 
have the effect of allaying the present excitement. 
These mernorials purport to be signed by men of 
all political parties. 
I move that they be laid on 
the table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. BIGLER. I also present the proceedings 
of a public meeting held at Harrisburg, the seat 
of government of my State, called to take into 
consideration the present imminent condition of 
the country. Also the proceedings ofa meeting 
at Carlisle, Pennsylvama, on thc same suhject. 
I will remark in this connection, Mr. President, 
With the indulgence of the Senate, that meetings 
of a similar character have been held in different 
parts of that great State, and I believe in every 
Instance their proceedings have breathed a spirit 
of loyal devotion to the whole country, and fidel- 
ity to •the institutions of the country, to the Con- 
stitution, and the Union as they now stand. They 
further manifest the utmost disposition on the part 
of the people of that State to avoid even an ap- 
pearance of evil, for the purpose of producing har- 
mony and peace in this great Confederacy. Fur- 
thermore, they indicate very distinctly a desire to 
adopt promptly the measures of adjustment sug- 
gestcd by the Senator froin Kcntucky; and I Will 
venture to repeat what i have said before, that if 
the Congress of the United States will give the 
people an opportunity to act, they will enabracc 
any reasonable measure of adjustment. Ourfriends 
in the South will discover tliat the people are pre- 
pared and willing to meet their complaints in the 
spirit of kindness and generosity, and respond 
favorably to any demand which the States com- 
plaining Qiay make. With these renmrks, I ask 
that the proceedings of the meetings be laid on 
the table. 
They were ordered to lie on thc table. 
SLAVERY QUESTION. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 rise, Mr. President, 
for the purpose of presenting to the Senate a res- 
olution. The times upon which we have fallen, 
sir, are ofa vcry ext.raordinary character; full of 
danger to the peace of the country, and oven to 
the Union of the country. Its extraordinary 
character to me to require of us all efforts, 
ordinary and extraordinary, for the purpose of 
averting the danger which now so threateningly 
hangs over us. The measure which I am about 
to propose, sir, is of that extraordinary charac- 
ter; and I shall be at a loss fora justification and 
excuse for it, if it cannot be found in the perilous 
condition of public affairs, and in that law, 
the safety of the people. lhopc the measure may 
be productive of some good. I shall therefore låy 
it on the table, with all other measures tending to 
that object, to be considered by the Senate. 
beg leave, sir, as the resoluti01') is vin my hand- 
writing, and perhaps not readily to be read by 
the Clerk, to read it myself: 
Whereas the Union is jn danger, and owing to the un- 
happy divisions existing in Congress, it would be difficult, 
if not inwossibke, for that body to concur in both its branches 
by the requisite Inajority so as to enable jt eilher to adopt 
such measurcs of legislation, or to recommend to the States 
such amendments to the Constitution, as are demned neces- 
sary and proper to avert that danger; and whereas in so 
great an emergency the opinion and judgment ofthc peo- 
ple ought to be heard, and would be the best and surest 
'I'herc*öre, 
guide to their representatives : 
Resolved, That provision ought to be made by law with- 
out delay for taking the sense of the people, and submitting 
to their vote the tOllowinc resolutions as the basis tar the 
final and permanent settkement of those disputes that now 
disturb thc peace of the country and threaten the existence 
of the Union. 
Then come the propositions to be submitted, 
in the shape of amendments to the Constitution. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the resolu- 
tions bc read ? 
Mr. BIGLER, Mr. GWIN, and others. Let 
them bc read. 
The Secretary commenced to .rcad the resolu- 
tions. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 will take occasion to 
say that the rcsolutions arc the same that have 
been, perhaps, in the hands of •everi- Senator for 
some weeks, which were 'laid- on the table Esome 
timc ago, and printed—she same that I :had 'the 
•honor of offering to the Senate, with the addition 
of two others proposed by the.honorable Senator 
from Illinois, (Mr. DOUGLAS,] which also have 
been printed, and in the hands of Senators: Ido 
not oppose the reading of them, if gentlemen 
sire to hear them. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the reading 
be continued ? 
Mr. BIGLER. The reading is called for. 
The Secretary concluded the ' reading of the 
resolutions. 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Kentucky is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, it was 
not rny intention, knowing how this day is -pre- 
engaged, to interfere with the occupation of the 
day by the gentlemen who havepossession of the 
floor. 
If I were to enter on any discussion of 
this subject, it would occupy much more- time 
than remains between this and one o'clock. I 
could only invoke, out of the fullness*of my own 
heart on this subject, the earnest and- serious at' 
tention of my colleagues in the Senate. We are, 
sir, in the presence of great and startling events. 
We must do something. It will be an open shame 
to the Senatc of the United States, an open shame 
to the Government of the United States, if, under 
such circumstances as now exist, this great Gov- 
ernment is allowed to fall in ruins. Gloomy as 
the time looks, unbroken as the clouds are that 
surround us on every side, and as little reason as 
I can see, as little solid ground as we seem to have 
to stand firmly upon, I yet have a conviction—it 
nmy be u superstitious conviction—that we are 
not going to be so unequal to our positions as to 
allow this ruin to come upon our country while 
we occupy such honored places among her rulers. 
It cannot be, sir. The sacrifice to be made for its 
preservation is comparatively worthless. Peace 
and harmony and union in a great nation were 
never purchased at so cheap a rate as we now have 
it in our power to do. It is a scruple only, a scru- 
ple of as little value as a barleycorn, that stands 
between us and peace and reconciliation and 
union; and we stand here pausiDg and hesitating 
about that little atom which is to bc sacrificed. 
Sir, it may be that we are spell-bound in our 
part.y politics, and in opinions which they have 
generated , and fastened and bound upon us against 
our will; but I appeal with cohfidence tö that 
great source from which we derive our power. 
When the people are in danger, and the people's 
institutions, I appeal with confidence to them. If 
we are at fault, if we cannot combine the requi- 
site majority here to propose amendments to the 
Constitution which may be necessary to the set- 
tlemcnt of our present diffculties, the people can. 
Give us their voice and their judgment, and they 
will be our safest guides. 
I do not look to this 
appeal as one that in any resuft can prostrate the 
Senate of the United States. Not at all. 
I have 
too long shared in its honors, its d'ignity, and its 
independence, to desire ever to see that day; but 
I do hopc that the representatives will respect 
and regard and give a proper influence to the 
scnsc of the people, when fau•ly and properly as- 
certained—no more than it is entitled to, but the 
full measure of all that it is entitled to. This is 
their Government. Its preservation is dearer and 
more inestimable to them than to all the world 
beside. They have the greatest interest in it; 
they have the greatest care for it. I have believed 
myself, and have often said, in the humble ad- 
dresses which I have been called upon to make to 
the people, Take care of the Constitution, my 
fellow-citizens, and thc Constitution will take care 
of you; take care of the Union, and the Union 
will be sure to protcct and preserve you. 
This is the doctrine of the people; this will be 
the sensc and the sentiment of the people; and the 
peoplc will give good advice as to how this mat- 
ter ought to be settled. I look with confidence to 
the advice which they shall give; and, so far from 
feeling myself, if I should ever sit here, humbled 
at all, or consider myself* as a submissionist (a 
term now commonly applied to law-abiding men) 
I shall waik more proudly upon the 'Vhighway 
which they have pointed out, and more surely, 
and more firmly, when I am strengthened with 
If 
their strength and honored withy their advice. 
further ineans fail, I trust that we shall avail our- 
