238 
selves of this meats and make our appeal to the 
pcople. Sirs I will not occupy your time longer 
I had not contemplated it, As I 
this morning. 
said before, I do not wish to interfere with other 
gentlemen who are entitled to the floor. 
AMENDMENTS TO CONSTITUTION. 
Mr. BINGHAM. be no 
ing business, I move that the Senate proceed to 
the consideration of the unfinished business of 
yesterday. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as 
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid- 
eration of the joint resolution (S. No. 48) intro- 
duccd by Mr. JOHNSON, of •Tennessee, proposin«y 
amen'dments to the Constitution of the United 
States. 
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, 1 
the remarks which I propose to conclude briefly 
to-day, without rendering my thanks to tbc Sen- 
ate fbr the courtesy which was extended toward 
in allowino• me to continue them now; and 
adding to those thanks, others to the distinguished 
Senator froin Illinois, [M r. DOUGLAS,] whose just 
expectations of addressing the Senate to-day 
will endeavor not very long to postpone. 
I am not of those, i'vlr. President) who cntcr- 
tain the opinion that discussion upon all points 
of difl'erence between What I hate to call " S(..c 
tions" of the Confulcracy, can be otherwise than 
useful. Idcsirc, for mypart, to understa nd clearly 
and distinctly from gentlemen upon the other 
side, what it is of v.,'hich they complain. 
sire to understand, as i may, the ground, the rea- 
son, thc proof of that com ')laint; because I 
very sure that I intend, faitlfully and loyally to 
the Constitution, to obviate, all just, reasonable, 
and Inanly ground of opposition to us. 
I do not 
propose, in c yes of posterity, to place Iny- 
self (if, indeed, they may ever glane.o upon rne 
in a position where good and wise Inen 
inay say, " that, Inan, froli) pride of opinion 0k' 
pridc of party, ft)stcred the feeling which led to 
the dissolution of the Union, and refused to listen 
to honorable and just complaint ncyainst him.' 
1 
do not mean to do that. Therei'(ire 
it is that I 
respectfully, earnestly, probing it, as I 
believe, to the bottom, if I can, what it is that 
gentlcnje.n arc going to dissolve this Union about? 
J say, with ail rcspect to my distinguished friend 
frorn [Centucky, [Mr. CRITTENDEN,] that to do 
that in a good tempcr, cannot do any harm; and, 
sir, I fee); as I oåght to feel upon this floor, noth- 
i ng but sen timen ts ofcourtesy to wards every mem- 
ber of this body. I hope that so far I have thus 
conducted the discussion, and so I shall continue 
to the end. 
may remark, sir, that when the Senate 
journed ycsterduy I was endeavoring to demon- 
strate that the complaint made by the distinguished 
Senator from Louisiana that we were endeavor- 
ino• to establish a construction of the Constitution 
that slavery was the creature of local law, thereby 
CONGRnSStONAL GLOBE. 
January 3, 
foundation either-. in the Constitution or in the nature of 
the Confederation. It rested on the assumption that the 
public domain being a'cquircd by the. whole Union, the 
wholc Union had equal rights in the enjoyment, This 
postulate is undeniable. But what then? It was contended 
tin•ther that the United States could not enjoy its equal 
right of settlement upon the public lands, unless a com- 
paratively small portion of its inhabitants, say three hun- 
dred and fifty thousand out of niore than six million white 
persons could take their slaves with them, or, in other 
words, that every man from every state in the Union, had 
a right to take ail his property to the public domain and 
there hold it—whisky, banks, or anything clse—thougli pro- 
hibited by the local law. A true answer to this pretension is, 
that if any rnan, North or South, holds property not recog- 
nizcd as such or prohibited by the local law, his rcrnedy is 
to be found, not in the violation of it, but in thc conversion 
ot' such property into money, the universal representative 
of value, and take that to his new home, and therc com- 
mence his work of enterprise in a new and growing com- 
uujty. 
the South has changed its views of this great ques- 
nor is thc unshaken adhesion of 
tion, the North has not ; 
nort.hern Inen to their original convictions a just subject of 
any tnore than the expression ot' them in proper 
terms of iOrbearancc and n)0deration." 
Mr. BAKER. is the unshaken adhe- 
I' '—1 quote arrain his emphatic languao•e— 
slon 
" Nor is the unshaken adhesion of northern Inen 
to their oriffinal convictions a just subject of corn- 
plaint, any more than the expression of •them in 
proper terrns of forbearance and moderation 
very decided squint at the right itself and the right 
to express it. 
Now, sir, it may be said that this is the opin- 
ion of u northern man. While it is none the better, 
I i arn sure it is none the worse for that. Gentle- 
men will remember that I quoting on all sides, 
from the chieftains of the people and bhe leaders 
and indeed 
of the war. But, not to be singular, 
to be, as I tnean•to be, pcrfi±ctly respectful to all 
sections, I shall show by my l')cxt extract that 
Virginia, the mother of States and of statesmen, 
speaking by an authoritative voice on this floor— 
banishing it from the rrerritories of the United I 
States, if true,• was not just as a matt.(n• of 
that whether hc attacks the Republican 
yu•ty, of wh ich I am hu member, or whether 
attacks the great majority of the people of the 
North, with whom I feel a connnon sympathy, 
the attack is unjust, becåuso the leading !ncn of 
the South, the i)ublic opinion of. the South, the 
leading incn of the North, the public opinion of 
the North, the Democracy of the North, the Re- ! 
publicans of the North, the Whigs of the North, 
nay, all classes of politicians arid all classes of 
\nen have agreed, according to the doctrine and 
teaching of our filt.hers, that slavery was in fact 
the creature of local law only, and could not go 
into the Territories by virtue of that local law. 
"I'hat is W' hat 1 have been endeavoring to establish 
, not so much as a matter of argument as a 
matter of authority. 
For that purpose, sir, I have read passages from 
the speeches of many dislinguished gentlemen 
known to the country. I have one or two more; 
but out of respect to the time of the Senate I will 
pass to the discussion of other topics. 
I shall 
read next, directly upon this question of the right 
of the southern. pcople to go Into the "I'erritories 
Wilh their slaves, thc opinion of Mr. Cass, ex- 
Dressed in a spccch delivered November 4, 1854, 
Detroit. 
a voice which we all hear with pleasure, one of 
her distinguishe(l Senators, [Senator HUNTER]— 
says what, according to thc opinion of the Scna- 
tor from Louisiana, rnust, think, bc considered 
of itself cause for dissolution. 
Mr. DOOLVI'TLE read, as follows:. 
Mr. Senator II(INTF.R, in his speech, fall, 
betOrc the 
Breckinridge Dexnoeratie State convention, at Charlottes- 
Ville, Virginia, said : 
When [ first entered the Federal councils, which was 
at the conunenc.etnent of Mr. Van Burcn's adtninistration, 
the moral aud political status of the slavery question wag 
'l'hcn the southern 
very different froin what it now is. 
Inen thernselvcs, with but few exceptions, adnnitted sla- 
very to be moral evil, arid palliated and excused it upon 
the plea of necessity. 'Then there were few men of any 
party to be t'ound in the non-slavebolding States who (lid 
not maintain both the constitutionality and of 
the anti-slavery now generally known as the 
Had any man at that day ventured the 
Wiltnot proviso. 
prediction that the Missouri restriction would ever be re- 
pealed, he would have been deetncd a visionary and theorist 
oftbc wildest sort. What a revolution have we not witnessed 
in all this! 'I'he discussion and the contest on the slavery 
question have gone on ever since, so ns to absorl) alinost cn- 
tire!}' the Arneriean mind. 
In nnany respects the results of 
that, discussion have not been adverse to us. Southcrn inen 
no longer occupy a (leprecatory attitude upon the question 
of negro slavery in this country. While they by no means 
pretend that slavery is a good condition of things, under any 
circumstances and in all countries, they (In tnaintain that, 
uuder the relations that the two races stand to each other 
here, it is best hoth that the inferior shoul(l be subjectcd 
"l'he satue opinion is extending even in 
to t.he superior. 
the North, whcre it is entertained by many, although not 
accepted. evidence, too, of 
the growing 
aeneralty 
change on this subject oti the public sentiment of the world, 
n)av rcf'er to the course of France and Great Britain in 
regard t.o the cool y and the African apprenticeship system 
as introduce(l inlo their colonies. That they are thus run- 
the slave trade in another is rarely denied. It is 
not to be supposed t.hat. these Governments are blind to the 
real nature of this eool.v trade ; at-ld the argu:nents by which 
it already aflörd an evidence. of a growin« 
they defend 
change in their opinions slavery in gcneral.'•l 
Mr. BAKER. havc caused this passage to 
bc read, Mr. President, for one purpose. With 
the ar"ume.nt I have now nothing to do; with the 
opinion of the Senator from Virginia, that France 
and England are endeavorino• to advance slavery 
in their own peculiar and pct way, I do not pro- 
pose to deal; but I do present It to show that I 
southern men have been always of the opinion 
of the fathers, that Congress had the power to 
restrict slavery in the Territories, because slavery 
was the creature of' local alone. 
'l'hat is all. 
I do not say it proves it. 
I am sufficiently in the 
habit of clifi.öl'ing from the Senator from Virginia 
not to take what he 
rnay say as evidence always; 
but ao•ai net the Senator fl•on) Louisiana— 
Mr. HUNTER, 1 ask Senator, does he 
DOOLIT'VLE read, as follows: 
say that he quoted 
*how that admitted 
doctrine [oi' equality, &e.J never had any real that the Sennt0i'S Of' the South believed there vva.s 
power in Congress to restrict slavery in the Tera 
ritories ? 
Mr. BAKER. Repeat, if you please. 
Mr. HUNTER. he mean to say that he 
quoted that in order to show that I maintained 
that it was the opinion of southern men that there 
was a power in Congress to restrict slavery in the 
Territories ? 
Mr. BAKER. Not but 1 apprehend 
that I can ask the Senator two or three questions 
that will make bim admititright out now. [Laugh- 
Mr. HUNTER. All 1 can say is, that 1 have 
never admitted it yet. 
IVIr, BAKER. And all 1 say, in answer to that, 
is, that ii is never too latc to do well. Now, I 
submit to gentlemen everywhere; I understand 
b —I will not say 
them to bc in favor of establishnv 
b protecting slavery in the Territo- 
establishincy— 
ries; I understand that that arises from the pöwer 
of Congress to govern Territories. The Repuba 
licans generally admit the power to govern; and 
from that they argue the right to prohibit. 
lievc that, according to the later phase of southern 
opinion—and it has many phases—the southern 
gentlemen admit. the power of Coneress to govern 
the Territories; from thence they argue the 
power to establish, or, at least, to protect slavery; 
and when, now, with the new fit, many of them 
profess to be In favor of the Missouri compro- 
mise, 1 suppose it will not be denied that that 
means just this: Congress has the power to gov- 
ern the Territories; and governing them, it may 
govern thern upon slavery as upon every other 
Subject; the Constitution takes it there; they may 
regulate and protect it there; and if they may do 
it upon all thc Territories, they may refuse to do 
it upon part. Some of them say so, and sonne of 
thcm deny it; but, at any rate, they all say, in 
making the Missouri compromise line, that it is 
the power of prohibition on one side, and of pro- 
tection on the other. The distinguished Senator 
from Virginia does not deny that, as I understand 
hinl. The distinguished Senator from Louisiana 
has not, in former years, denied that. as I have 
understood hiun. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Do 1 understand the sen- 
ator from Oregon to say that I ever adlnilte.d the 
power of Congress to exclude slaves from any 
pottion of the l)üblic territory? 
Mr. BAKER. I will not say that I am quite 
certain that the distinguished Senator has so done; 
and if he says otherwise, of course I would cheer- 
fully yield to the correction, if I had so said; but 
I may say that I do understand that gentlemen 
upon that side of thc Chamber, at some period 
of their lives, in some of the phases of politics— 
when my friend was a Clay man; when my friend 
was a Whit" ; before thc repeal of the Missouri 
cornpromise was proposed—ata time when most 
of' us •vverc singing hallelujahs to it, I should 
think it very st.range if I could not prove that the 
gentleman was in favor of some line of separation 
bctt.vcen slavery and freedmn. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, 1 will 
swer the Senator, so far as I am concerned, that 
I never have admitted any powcr in Congress to 
prohibit slavery in the "I'erritorics anywhere, upon 
any occasion, or at any time in my life that I can 
will say fimrther to him: so far as the 
remember. 
question is concerned about the desire of the 
South to extend the line—that the southern States, 
at the period of the acquisition of Territory from 
Mexico, proposed to ext.end that line—not upon 
the idea that Congress had the power to exclude 
slavery froin any part of the territory, but that, 
the representatives of the southern States in both 
Houses consentin«y to that act, it would operate 
as an acrreement or compact, not binding consti- 
tutionnlly, but binding upon the good faith of the 
people of all parts of the Confederacy. In that 
light they proposed to settle the question forever. 
r rhey never did admit. that Congress had the 
power, constitutionally, that I am aware of. 
Mr. BAKER. When the Senator says that he 
himself never did it, I am by no means disposed 
to dispute it, and particularly so, as I believe 
have not asserted it; but the Senator docs now 
say that thc southern people were in favor oc the 
Missouri compromise 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Excuse me. 
Mr. BAKER. 1 think that is Senator 
said. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. That the southern people 
