1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
299 
were in favor, at the time of the acquisition of the 
new' Territory from Mexico, of extendino• the line 
to the Pacific ocean, and leaving it undisturbed, 
as a matter of compact, not as a matter of consti- 
tutional power. That was refused by the North. 
Mr. BAKER. well, Mr. 
time and on a proper occasion, I think I could 
show the Senator that it would be very difficult 
to establish the proposition that any body has a 
rimht to do by compact what will violate the Con- 
stltution. That is the sum total now of all he is 
saying. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the Senator deny that 
a State has a right to abandon any privilege ac- 
corded to it by the Constitution, if it does not 
choose to exercise it? 
Mr. BAKER. No, sir; but this is what I do 
say: that if you, the Senator from Louisiana, do, 
in your conscience, believe that an act of Congress 
to prohibit slavery in the territory of the United 
States, or in any part or parcel thereof, is in vio- 
lation of the Constitution of the United States, 
and in derogation of the rights either of the States 
or the people—if, in your heart and conscience, 
you really do believe that, you are false and per- 
jured when you do it. Let me add, as the lan- 
guage is strong, that I am quite as sure as i live, 
that, with that view the Senator never would do it. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, 1 endeav- 
ored to make my proposition as plain as I know 
how to do it. i say that, under the Constitution, 
Congress has no power to exclude the southern 
States from participation in the. territory, from 
going thero with their slave property, and there 
finding protection. I say that, notwithstanding 
the absence of all that congressional power, it is 
perfectly competent, and in accordance with the 
spirit of the Constitution, for southern members, 
cven by way of an act of Congress, to pledge the 
honor of their States that they will not avail them- 
selves of the privilege of going into that part of 
the territory that is north of a particular line, and 
proposing that to the people of the North as a 
settlement of a disputed question—not because 
tho act of Congress would thereby be binding, 
under the Constitution itself, but because it would 
be good and authentic evidence to the people of 
the North of an agreement by the people of the 
South not to insist on that part of the Constitu- 
tion which gave that right. 
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, 1 do this time 
certai n Ey clearly understand the distinguished Sen- 
ator from Louisiana, and yet I do not see any- 
thing fairly in reply to what have urged upon 
him. Now, he tells me that the southern people 
have agreed t.hatslaverymay be prohibited. How? 
Sir, in passing the Missouri compromise bill, they 
did not merely agrce to do it—the act of Congress 
is not a mere evidence to be used in a court of 
honor that the people of Louisiana will not inter- 
fere with the bargain. That is not it; but the act 
of Congress is a positive law, made under the 
sanction of an oath, in the licrht of the consciences 
of the men who agrced to it; and I ask him in all 
fairness and honor, if he or I to-day vote in this 
Senate Chamber to prohibit slavery in a certain 
Territory, whether, If' we believe that ••.ve have no 
right under the Constitution to do that, we do not 
violate both the Constitution and our oaths x,vhen 
we render that vote? I think that from this po- 
sition there is no escape. When Mr. Clav gave 
that vote, he had no-constitutional doubt. When 
the South urged it, and the North agreed to it, they 
who voted had no constitutional doubt; or if they 
had, it vanishcd before the clear light of reason 
and argument. The North, as it is said, accepted 
it reluctantly; at least they abided by it. When 
gentlemen destroyed it they ran after strange 
gods; and now when many of them propose to 
come back to it, they are offering a truer and more 
acceptable worship. But, sir, the point of the 
arcrument is not to be evaded by any pretense 
that it is a mere vreement in a court of honor to 
do that they have no legal and constitutional 
right to do. Suppose a gentleman from Alabama 
comes up and says Sir, you, the Senator from 
Louisiana, .havc voted to prohibit me from taking 
my slaves into the territory north of 360 ; what 
do you mean by it; have vou any right to do it? 
" Oh no, " the Senator says, " no rightin the world ; 
of a right which theoretically we do hot claim; 
we have just done it—we do not exactly know 
why in point of law, but we have done it because 
we "hope, having done it, nobody will undo -it. 
What will the strict constructionists on the other 
side say to that? What words will they put in 
my mouth ? 
"I dö not think the argument can be defended 
other than upon the ground assumed by a justice 
of the peace, well kno wn to my distinguished friend 
from If•linois, [Mr. DOUGLAS,] old Bolling Green, 
in answer to a little law advice that gave him on 
one- occasion when the Senator and I were both 
very young men, and (if he will excuse me for 
saying so) very poor lawyers. [Laughter.] Old 
Bolling Green, then a magistrate, came to me and 
said: " Baker, want to know if I have jurisdic- 
tion in a case of slander. 
I put on a very im- 
portant air; looked at him steadily—looked as wise 
as I could, and I said to him: Squire, you have 
no such authority; that is reserved to a coui•t of 
general jurisdiction. 
Well said he, 'S think 
again; you have not read law very well, or very 
long; try it again; now, have I not jurisdiction; 
can I not do it?" " No," I said, "you cannot." 
Said he: ' 'Try once morc; now, cannot take 
jurisdiction. " 
" No, sir," said l, " you cannot; 
i know it; 1 havc read the lav,.r from Blackstone 
; well, I have read Blackstone, and I know 
to 
said he 
I 
you cannot do it. 
' 'Now, sn•," 
know I can; for, by Heaven, I have done it. 
[Laughter.] I understand, now, that the sum total 
of the answer which is made to my objection as 
to the constitutionality of the Missouri compro- 
mise touching the consciences of the gentlemen 
who proposed to pass it without power, is just 
the reply of my old fricnd Bolling Green. They 
say, " Theoretically we have not the power; con- 
stitutionally x.ve have not the power; but, by 
Heaven, we have done it." 
[Laughter.] 
Well, sir, I do not assume to deal with them 
in a court of conscience. That is their matter. I 
do not pretend to discuss the propriety of making 
a solemn act of the Congress of the United States 
merely evidence in a court of honor, subject, as 
I think, to a demurrer to evidence at least. That 
is none of my-business. What I am (lealing with 
is this: if that be the opinion of Virginia, of Lou- 
isiana, of the entire South; if they have gone it 
by their leaders, by their speeches; if they have 
lived by it; if, being a compact, it is an cxecuted 
compact; if under it State after State has come 
into this Union, is it not too late for them to deny 
now that we are justified if we wish to adhere to 
that principle? Have they a right to come and 
say: You are declaring slavery to be a creature 
of the local law, and we will justly dissolve the 
Union by revolution in consequence thereof?" 
That is the sole purpose for which I have read 
all these extracts; and I think, from the conclu- 
sion, that this is neither fair, nor just, nor right, 
nor constitutional. Thcrc is no escape. 
But, sir, passing from that; the Senator from 
Louisiana, in the second item of the " dreary 
catalogue" which he recounts in his speech, says, 
in substance, that we attack slavery generally. 
Now, I am going to reply at some little length to 
that count in the indictment. I begin thus: if the 
gentleman means that, in violation of the Constii 
tution of the Unit.ed States, we of the North or'. 
West, by any bill, resolution, ot act* do in any-- 
wise interfere vv'ith the state and condition of 
slavery where it exists within the States of this 
Union, or any of them, by virtue Of local law, by 
which alone it can be created, we deny it; We 
have offered no such interference; we claim no 
such power. Sir, as I remember the history, as 
early as 1790, a committee of the House of Rep- 
resentatives—composed, with one exception, of 
northern men—reported to that Congress a reso- 
lution, which you will find in the great speech of 
Mr. Webster upon this point, declaring that we 
have no right or power to interfere with slavery 
in the States. That resolution was adopted by a I 
northern Congress—a body near two thirds of 
whom were northern men; and I say that from 
that day to this, according to my recollection, 
and in my best judgment, and on my conscience, 
I do not know, nor do I believe, that Congress 
has attempted seriously to doubt practically that 
it is just a sort of legislative flourish, a compact I doctrine, or in anywise to interfere with the con- 
between us and somebody else, that having done dition of slavery {n the slave States. Upon that 
it, we will never take it back; it is the exercise point I am subject to corrcction,on either hand. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 
me, the charge is not that Congress ddes lit's but 
that the. States do it. 
I thäDk the - gen- 
Mr. BAKER. very 
man; and with the dixiectness- which-belongs•t-o 
his character, and the courtesy which he Otifi 
never forget, I shall be hdppy if, only:to Carry 
down the argument, whenever he sees a pope* 
place, he will just direct my attention to •the pith 
and marrow of the matter as he does now. 
be it understood* on this given day of Jahuäl•y; 
in the year of our Lord 1861, the great chdmpion 
of the South upon this question gets up in. his 
place in •the Senate and admits that there is ho 
ground of complaint that the Federal Government 
ever has attempted to interfere with the existence 
of slavery in the southern States. We will get that 
down upon the record, and apprehend it will be 
quoted before this controversy IS over, again and 
again. 
But it is said that the northern States, the west- 
ern StateS, in other words, the free States, do so 
interfere. Again we deny-it. The fact is not so'. 
'The proof cannot bc made. Why, sir, I might 
ask, in the first place, how can the States so in- 
teriöre? Suppose Illinois, of which I desire to 
speak always with affectionate solicitude, and of 
which I can speak with considerable knowledge, 
t.vere to violate all the opinions which she has 
manifcsted in •her history, and desired to inter- 
fere with the existence of slavery in Virginia, 
how would she go about it? I have the profound- 
est respect for my friend asa lawyer; but I would 
like to know what bill he could frame by which 
IllinoiS could interfere with the existence of sla- 
very in Virginia. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, will tell 
Senator, not how they can do it by bill, but 
how they do it in acts. A body of men -pene- 
tratcd into the State of Virginia by force of arms, 
into a peaceful village at the dead hour of night, 
armed with means for the purpose of causing the 
slaves to rise against their masters, seized upon 
the public property of the Uniteff' States, and 
murdered the inhabitants. A man was found in 
Massachusetts who, in public speeches, declared 
that he approved of that, and that the invasion 
was right; and the people of Massachusetts, by 
an enormous majority—the fact of that man's 
action placed before the people as a ground why 
he should- be elected their Governor—elected him 
theif Governor, indorsed the invasion of a sister 
Slate, indorsed the murder of the peaceful inhab- 
itants of the State of Virginia. The people of 
Massachusetts, by the election of Andrews as 
their Governor, have indorsed the act of John 
Brown, have indorsed the invasion of a sister 
State, and the murder of its peaceful citizens at 
dead of night. 
The people of Massachusetts in their collect- 
ive capacity have done more. They have sent 
Senators upon this floor, whose only business 
has been, for year after year, to insult the people 
of the South; here, ih this common assembly- of 
confederate embassadors, to cast slander and op- 
probrium upon them; to call them thieves, mur- 
derers, violators; charge them as being cri:ninals 
of the blackest dye; and because the meh who 
here represent Massachusetts did that, Massa- 
chusetts has sent them back to repeat the wrong. 
They have done that, and nothing else, since':ver 
I have been in the Senate. 
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President— 
Mr. BAKER. Oh, never mind. Mr. President, 
I asked the gentleman from Louisiana to point out 
to me and to the Senate, how, if the State of Illi- 
nois v.tere desirous to interfere with the existence 
of slavery in Virginia, it could be done. 
to his cooler temper and his better taste to 
amine how hc has answered me. Why, sir, he 
runs off into a disquisition upon John Brown, 
which would not dignify a stump. Now, sub- 
1 hold 
mit that that is not the point between us. 
that his answer is an acknowledqment that a free 
State cannot, as a State, interfere in any conceiv- 
able way with slavery in a slave State; and that 
being so, we advance another step. We agree 
now that Congress never have interfin•ed, and that 
States never can. 
But the gentleman says, (and i do not reply to 
it now on account of what he has said at thzsrno• 
ment, but because it ig another of the counts in 
the indictment,) that •individuals in the northern 
