1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
243 
who sits near me, will read for me, the instruc- mediat.ion of those allied to these people in blood, I Senate_, 1 move to postpone:the- further consider— 
tions of General Jackson as to the mode of col- 
in sympathy, in interest, may eff2Ct., let that be ation of this question •until Mondäy next, tit On-e 
lecting the revenue when South Carolina was done; but at last let the laws be maintained and the o'clock, when I desire to offer some observations 
preparing by ordinance of nullification to refuse Union preserved. At whatever cost, by whatever on the various propositions which have been •sub. 
to pay it. 
constitutional process, through whatever of dark- mitted, and probably the general- state of the 
Mr. DOOLITTLE read, as follows, from Pres- , 
ident Jackson's instructions to the collector at 
Charleston, of thc 6th of November, 1832: 
Upon the supposition that the measures of the convcn- 
tion, or the acts of the Legislature, may consist, in part 
at least, in declaring the laws of tbc United States impos- 
ing dut.ies unconstiiutional, and null and void, and in for- 
bidding their execution and the collection of the duties 
within the State of South Carolina, you will, initnediatcly 
after it shali be formally announced, resort to all the means 
provided by the laws, aud particularly by the act of the 2d 
of March, 1799, to counteract the Ineasures which may be 
adopted to give effect to that declaration. 
For this purpose you wilt consider yourself authorized 
to employ the revenue cutters which may be within your 
district, and provide as many boats, and enrploy as Inany 
inspectors as rnay be necessary for the execution of the 
taw, and for the purposes of the act already referred to. 
You will, rnoreovct•, cause a sufficient nurnber of officers 
of cutters and inspectors to be placed on board, and in 
charge of every vessel atriving from a iOreign port or place 
with goods, 
wares, or merchandise, as soon as practicable 
after her first coming within your district, and direct them 
to anchor her in solne satö placc within the harbor, where 
Bhe may be secure any aet of' violence, and froln any 
unauthorized attenujt to discharge her cargo before a com- 
pliance with the laws; and they will remain on board of 
her at such place until the reports and entries required 
by law shall bc made, hoth of vessel and cargo, and the 
duties paid or secured to be paid to your satisfhction, and 
until the regular perniit shall be granted for landing the 
; and it will be your duty, against any forcible at- 
tempt, to retain and defON(l the custody of said vessel by 
the aid of the officers of the customs, inspectors and offl- 
cers of the cutters, until the requisitions of the law shall 
be fülly con•iplied with; and in case of any attempt to re- 
move her or her cargo froin the custodv of the offcers of 
-the custmns, by the forin ot• legal process from State tribu- 
nals•, you will not yield the custody to such attempt ; 
but 
will consult the taw officer of the district, and ernploy such 
means as, under the peculiar eirctunstances, you inay le- 
galåy do, to resist such process, and prevent the removal of 
the vessel and carao. 
Should the entry of such vessel and cargo not be com- 
pleted, and the duties paid, or secured to be paid by bond, 
or bonds with securities to your satisfaction, v,rit.hin the 
timo limited by law, you will, at the expiration of that 
time, talf possession of the caroo, and land and store the 
saxne at Castle Pinckney, or sonne other safe place ; and in 
due time, if the duties are not paid, sell the sarne, accord- 
ing to the direction o? the fifty-sixth section of the act of 
the 2d Dt- March, 1799; and you are authorized to provide 
snch stores as may be necessary for that purpose." 
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, there is my an- 
swer to the whole argument of inconvenience and 
impossibility on the part of the distinguished 
Senator from Louisiana. There is the manner, 
allowing all the itpenuity he can claim for his 
plan of defeat; there is the in which the Old 
Hero cut the knot which some people cannot un- 
tie. And that is neither an acknowledgment of 
the independence of South Carolina, nor is it war. 
If, from that, collision come, let him bear the 
danger who provokes it. 
there is noll'ling practical in this 
Why, sir, 
attempted idea that we cannot punish an individ- 
ual, or that we cannot corn pel hilli 
to o oev t be 
law, because a sovereign State will undertake to 
succor him. There no more sense in that, than 
there was in the excuse by a celebrated 
ohief for profane swoar;ncr. The 
comrnander-in-n 
Duke of York, as you may remember, sn•, was, 
his father, not 
•rei«n of Georcye Ill 
during the 
only commander-in-chief of the British forces, 
buÜhc was titular Bishop of Osnaburgh: that is, 
he had a little principality in Germany, which 
was originally related to the Church, and he '•,vas 
notninal bishop of that principality. At a tav- 
ern one day, while the commander-in-chief was 
swearing profanely, a gentleman of the Church 
of England felt it his duty to reprove him, and 
said to him, " Sir, I am astonished that a bishop 
should in the manner that you do " Sn 
d he, "I want you to distinctly understand 
that I do not swear as the Bishop of Osnaburgh; 
I swrear as the Duke of York, tho commander-in- 
" A h, sir, said the old man, " when the 
Lord shall send the duke to hell, xxvhat will be- 
come of the bishop ? " [Laughter.] Now, if, in 
consequence of an attempt to violate the revenue 
laws, some persons should bc hurt, I do not know 
that it will better {heir condition at all t Irat South 
1 21 
Carolina stand as a stake to tneir ba_ck . 
think that is the plain common-sense ansv,'tn• to 
all that has been said on that subject. 
Sir, as I leave that branch of it, indeed as I 
the subject altogether, I will sinopiy say that I 
hope it will never come. W hatever moderation, , 
whatever that great healer, time, whatever the 
ness or danger there may be, let us proceed in the country. 
broad lunlinous path of duty till danger's trou- 
i The motion was agreed to. 
bled niffht be passed and the star of peace returps." 
Mr. WILSON. I desire to say words 
As take my leave of a subject upon which I 
in reply 10 some remarks that have been made, 
have detained you too long, 
I think in my own 
especially by the Senator from Louisiana. The 
mind whether I shall add anything in my feebfe Senator from (*rgia has the floor for Monday, 
way to the hopes, the prayers, the .%spirations that 
are going forth daily thc perpetuity ofthe Union 
of these States. 
I ask myself, shall I add any- 
thing to that volume of invocation which is every- 
where rising up to high Heaven, " spare us from 
the madness of disunion and civil war ! " 
standing in this Chamber and speaking upon this 
subject, I cannot forget that am standing in a 
place once occupied by one far, far mightier than 
I, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to 
unloose. 
It was upon this subject of secession, 
of disunion, of discord, of civil war, that Web- 
ster uttered those immortal sentiments clothed in 
immortal words, married to the noblest expres- 
sions that ever fellTrom humarf]ips, which alonc 
would have made him memorable and remem bered 
forever. Sir, I cannot improve upon those ex- 
pressions. They were uttered nearly thirty years 
aøo, in the face of what was ima&inod to be a great 
danger, thon happily dissipated. They were ut- 
tered in the fullness of his genius, from the full- 
ness of his heart. They I'lave found echo since i 
then in millions of homes and in foreign lands. 
They have been a text-book in schools. They 
have been an inspiration to public, hope and to 
public liberty. As close, I repeat them; adopt 
them. If in their presence I were to attempt to 
give utterance to any words of my own, I should 
feel that I ought to say, 
And shali the lyre so long divine, 
Degenerate into harlds like rnine 
Sir, I adopt the closing passacyes of that im- 
mortal speech; they are my sentiments; they arc 
the sentiments of everv man upon this side of 
the Chamber; I would fhin believe they are the 
sentimentsof every man upon this floor; I would 
fåin believe that they are an inspiration, and will 
bccome a power throughout thc length and breadth 
of this broad Confederacy; that again the aspira- 
tions and hopes and prayers for the Union •may 
rise like perpetual 
h y Inn of hope and praise. 
But, sir, 
howcvor this may be, these thoughts arc 
mine; {hege prayers are mtne•, and as, reverently 
and I should like to follow him; -and foe that 
purpose I move to assign the resolutions of the 
Senator from. Tennessee, which we ha(.r undef 
t consideration this morning, for Tuesday 'next at 
one o'clock. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. POLK in 
the chair.) I understand that these resolutions 
have already been postponed to Monday at one 
o 'clock. 
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; my motion was to 
fix Monda for all these propositions. 
Mr. WILSON. If that is so, it is all right; 1 
did not so understand it. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. When 1 presented the 
resolution which I offered to the Senate this morn- 
ing, I omitted to ask that it be printed. I now 
make that motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. G WIN. I move that the Senate adjourn. 
Mr. YULEE. Before the question is put, I 
desire to Inovc that, instead of adjourning until 
Saturday, as was proposed this morning, we 
adjourn until Monday. 
Mr. G WIN. Saturday is assigned for the 
Pacific railroad bill. 
Mr. YULEE. It is impossible that you can 
dispose of that bill on Saturday. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the motion to adjourn. 
Mr. GRIMES. I inove to amend it, by say- 
ing that the adjournment shall bc to Monday at 
twelve o'clock. 
Mr. G WIN. That is notin order. I move that 
the Senate do now adjourn. 
Mr. GRIMES. propose to amend that mo- 
lion, if it is in order to do so, so that the adjourn- 
ment shall bc to Monda 
The PRESIDING OVfr1CER. The question 
is on the motion to' adjourn. 
Mr. G W IN. 1 call for the yeas and nays. 
MI'. WILSON. Let us have &division simply 
on the question of adjourning over. 
favor of Bittin• on Saturday, and taking up the 
and fondly, I utter thein, I Icavc tbe discussion: , I Pacific railroad bill on that day. 
my eyes shall be turned to behold for 
the last time the sun in heaven, may I not sce hiln 
shining the broken and dishonored fragnoents 
of a once glorious Union; 
on States dissevered, 
discordant, belligerent; on a land rent with civil 
it may be, in fraternal blood! 
feuds, or drenched, 
Let then• last feeble and lingering glance rather 
behold the gorgeous ensign of tllé Republic, nowr 
known ar)d honored throughout the still 
full hio•h advanced, its arms and trophies strcam- 
ing in their oriffinal luster, not a stripe erased or 
pollu ted , nor a single star Qbscnred for its 
motto no such miserable interrogatory as 'What 
is all this w0rth?' nor those other words of delu- 
Sion and folly, ' Liberty first, and Union after- 
wards;' but everywhere, spread all over in char- 
acters of living light, blazinqy on all its amplc 
folds, as they float over the sea and over the land, 
and in every wind under the whole I-leavens, that 
other sentiment, dear to cvcrv true American 
heart, Liberty and Union, now and forever, one 
and inseparabie ! ' " 
COMMITTEE OF 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, suppose, 
by common consent, the Senate will now take up 
the report of the committee of II-lirteen. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
the chair.) T hc subject bcforc thc Senate can be 
laid aside by general' consent, and the Chair will 
so understand it, if there be no objection. 'The 
report icated by the Senator will be 
as before the Senate, the pending question being 
to print a thousand extra conics 
on the 
Mr. DOUGLAS addressed the Scnate for two 
hours a half. [His speech will be publisl'k€•d 
in the Appcndix.] 
Mr. TOOMBS. If it be the pleasure of the 
Mr. GWIN. That is what 1 want. we have 
already passed an order that when we adjourn, 
it be to Saturday. Now, I want to adjourn, so 
that we shall meet on Saturday. 
The ycas and nays were ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 4; as follows: 
Bigler, Bragg, Brown, Clingman, Davis, 
Doolittle, Douglas, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster, Gwin, Hemp- 
hill, Iverson, Johnson ot• Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, La- 
thmn, Pong Rice, Saulsbury, Sinnnons, Wigfäll, WilsOn, 
and Yulee—24. 
NAYS—Mcssrs. Crimeq, Sunnier, Toombs, and Wilk- 
inson—4. 
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
THURSDAY, January 3, 1861. 
The House met at twclve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tl-10MAs H. STOCKTON. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
FAST-DAY SERVICES. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House the 
lowing communication from the Chaplains of 
Congress: 
TIIURSDAY MORNING, January 3, IS61. 
I Will hfr. Speaker PENNINGTON be kind enough to notify 
the House that thc union religious meeting provided for by 
resolution on Monday, in accordance witli the PresidenVs 
prochnnation, and under the direction of the Chaplains, 
will cormnence, by Divine permission, to-morrow, at two 
o'clock. p. ni.,in [he nail of t.he House; and that the mem- 
bers and officers of the House are respecttiilly invited to-be 
in attendance? ny so doing. he Will oblige his friends, the 
Chaplaius•. 
I am, with all respect, (for Dr. GURLEY as well as myself,) 
T. H. STOCKTON' 
yours in Christ, 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION. 
I Mr. McKNJGHT. should like it to appear 
i on the Journal, and also in t.h,e proceedings of the 
