1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
245 
the country have thus far been referred to the and that the time of holdingsaid special terms atToiedoand ance in court.' A grand jury was-jn attendanee 
Colurnbus, respectively, shall be ti.xpd by the judges of said 
on court one hundéed and seventy-nine- davs• 
committee of thirty-three, I •vote ay." 
respectivc district.:, who *hau give notice of the time or 
| 1857, and one hundred and fiftv-onedays in 11858. 
Tl'he vote was announced as above recorded. 
i tiolding the saine at Icagt two Inonth* preceding the com. 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. 
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi- 
ness is the consideration of questions in respect to 
the District of Columbia. 
Mr. CARTER. Mr. Speaker, have been sick 
ever since this day was set apart for the consid- 
eration of the business of' the District of Columbia, 
and have, therefore, been unable to call the Com- 
mittee for the District of Columbia together. So 
far as I am concerned, I am unprepared for the 
consideration of that business to-day. move, 
then, that its further cow)sideration bc postponed 
until Tuesday next, and made the special order 
for that day. 
Mr. HUGHES. 1 object to that. 
Mr. CARTER. I modify my motion, so as to 
make it no x t 'I'hursday. 
Mr. HUGHES. There are several bills before 
the House that do not require for our action a 
meeting of the Committee for the District of Co- 
lumbia. I will remind the House that last year the 
9th of May was assigned for the transaction of 
thc business of this District. On that day there 
were two or three bills under consideration; but 
there was no final action taken on them. The 
committce rose pending an important bill; and 
there is no reason why the House should not now 
go 011 with that measure. There are also several 
bills which have been reported from the Commit- 
tee for the District of Columbia. Tho railroad 
Dill, to which I refer, was lcft in the commit.tce 
oy the committee rising to permit thc announce- 
ment of a member's déath. I do not sce why ive 
should not at once go on with the special order 
set apart for this day. 
Mr. HA RRIS, of Maryland. If there be no spc- 
Cial order fcn• next Thursday, and the wholc day 
cannot be given to the business of the District of 
Colutnbia, I am satisfied. There is one bill in 
which In y constituents fccla deep interest, and in 
which my colleague feels some general interest. 
That biil cannot be well taken up to-day, and I 
hope that tbe business will go over, according to 
the suggestion of the chairman of the committee, 
until next Thursday. I think it will accommo- 
date the views of my friend. 
Mr. HUGHES. It does not accommodate me; 
I am prepared to go on with the discussion 01 
this busin,'ss. When we have disposed of the 
bill before the committee, the House can then post- 
pone this District of Columbia business to any 
day it pleases. T hc bill is one in x.vhich m v con- 
stitucntg are deeply interested. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. What is the bill? 
Mr. HUGHES. The city railway bill. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Has the Committee of 
Ways and Means any business to present? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire to-day to have ac- 
tion on the legislative appropriation bill. 
Mr. HUGHES. to go to the bill 1 hav 
referred to. When that is disposed of, I am wil - 
ing to go to any other business. 
The question was taken; and Mr. CARTE 's 
motion was agreed to. 
UNITED STATES JUDGES IN 01110. 
The. SPEAKER. The business next in order 
is House bill No. 335, to fix the salaries of the 
•udges of the district courts of the State of Ohio. 
he bill was reported back from t.he Committee 
on the Judiciary with two amendments. The 
pending motion IS a motion to lay the whole sub- 
iect upon tho table, made by the gentleman from 
'Illinois, (Mr. IV10RR1s.] 
The Clcu•k read the amendments, as follows: 
First amendment: 
In the first section of the bill, insert the words Ken- 
so that it will read ; 
tuck y and Indiana 
That the salaries of the judges of the district courts of 
the ünited States within and t'or the districts of the States 
of )hio, Kentucky, and Indiana, shall be, and the same are 
hereby, fixed at the rate of $3,500 per annum, from and 
after the passage of thig act. 
Second amendment: 
Amend the second section, so as to make it read as fol- 
lows : 
SEC. 2. .nnd be it further enacted, That said judges re- 
spectively in the State of Ohio, be, and they are hereby, 
authorized and required to hoid special terrns of their 
If the salary of the judges these courts is: to 
meneelnent of such special tern), by publication in at least 
tvvo uewspapers published aud ofgeneral circulation within be regulated, as colii•aøue [MI", STANTON) 
said districts. 
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon 
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois, to lay 
the bili upon the. table. 
I made the motion 
Mr. Momus, of Illinois. 
to lay the bill and the amendments upon the table 
because I thought it was an inopportune time to 
press the passage of tbc bill. With the view, 
however, to give the friends of the bit! an oppor- 
tunity now to have a vote upon the measure, I 
will witlidraw the motion. 
thinké they should be, by the salaries of the judges 
of the courts of common pleas of Ohio, then, thie 
• bill will be voted down. 
Mr. STANTON. i understand gentleman. 
to say that the judge o? the northern district of 
Ohio, held codit two hundred and forty-seven 
days in 1857, and received salary of 
ten dollars a day. Now, I- ask the gentleman if 
a judge'S labor is worth more than his is? 
. might answer the gentle. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 
man by putting the same question to him; but 
Mr. SIMMS. If the House will indulge mea shall not allow my Colleague to avail himself of 
[bat sort of an aroament, for he does not give 
moment, desire to make an additional statement 
in reference to the amendment I proposed to this 
I will not detain the House five minutes. 
bilk. 
During the last session of Congress an act was 
passed requiring the. district judge of the State 
of Kentucky to hold three additional courts in 
that State. Under that act hc is compelled to hold 
terms of that court at the town of Paducah, three 
hundred miles from Frankfort, where the courts 
wore formerly held; also two terms of the court 
at Louisville, sixty miles distant from Frankfort; 
and also two terms at Covington, one hundred 
I-Ie is com- 
and twenty miles frotu Frankt•ort. 
peiled to travel to each of these points threo or 
four times during the year, which will make the 
actual distance he is compelled to travel under the 
provisions of t.he act of the last Congress, two 
that number of days to the public service. He 
I gives but ninety days this year to the country, 
I and the rest of lhe time he is devoting tolaw prac- 
tice for his own benefit. That is. my answer to 
that question. 
The judxes who discharge with fidelity and 
ability ihe duties of these respective courts of-the 
State of Ohio,are generally gentlemen who do not 
ao•ree with me pdlitieally; and therefore I l:mve 
only to say here, that the State of Ohio is cnti{lcd 
to the same consideration at the -hapds of the Fcd- 
era} lecislation in her courts ras is given to any 
Slate '•.vcst of the Allegbanies. have made these 
I remarks for the information of the House. I ask 
I for nothing for these judges which is not already 
civen to ot-her iudges whose services arc not so 
I only ask that they be put upon an 
thousand miles. For his services as district judge onerous. 
hc receives a salary of $2,500 per annum. The I equal footing vv'ith the. judgesof the northern dis- 
duties of his office have been increased; he is rc- 
quired to hold more terms of his court, and to 
travel an additional distance of two thousand 
miles; and my proposition is to increase his sal- 
ary from $2,500 to $3,500, cqual to that proposed 
for the judges of the State of Ohio, who perform 
similar services. My object is not, as have. be- 
forc stated, to prevcnt the passage of this bill, or 
to prejudico its consideration before the House. 
believe the bill ought to pass. While I would 
accord this justice to the judges of the State of 
Ohio, who have high and responsible duties to 
perform, I think it only justice to the district 
judgc of Kentucky, considcring the duties which 
'devolve upon him by virtue of the offce be fills, 
that his salary should be raised to $3,500. If you 
increase the salary of the judge of Kentucky filom 
| $2,500 a year, which hc has heretofore received, 
to $3,500, and deduct from that the actual expense 
of the additional travel he is compelled to perform 
by virtue of the act of last Congress, you 'Vili not 
leave him more than the $2,500, which he has 
heretofore received. 
I desired to make this statement before the prop- 
osition is voted upon; and I hope the bill will be 
amended according to the proposition I have sub- 
mitted, and then that it Will bc passed by the 
House. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 desire to state that the 
salary intended to be provided by this bilt for the 
distrtct judges of the State of Ohio, is the same 
that is now paid by law to the district judge for 
the northern district of Illinois; is $500 more than 
the amount paid by law to the district judge of 
Wisconsin; and is the saine as that paiä by law 
to the United States judge for the District of Co- 
lumbia. 
I desire to say further, that, so far as I am ad- 
vised, there is no district judge west of the Alle- 
ghany mountains who sits as many days in court, 
and who conducts as many jury trials every year, 
as the several district judges of the State of Ohio. 
If there is any propriety, therefore, in the present 
compensation allowed to judges in Wisconsin, in 
the northern district of Illinois, and in the Dis- 
trict of Columbia, and to other judges I might 
specify, it is proper to give the same compcnsa• 
I am very 
tion to the judges in the State of Ohio. 
conversant with the business before the district 
courts of Ohio; and, as my colleague, [Mr. Cox,] 
trnct of Illinois and of the District of Columbia. 
I leave it to the House, therefore, to determine 
whether the bill as reported by Ibe Committee 
ought not to pass. 
Mr. SIMMS I have taken some trouble to 
estimate the salaries of the judges of the different 
States and districts. Virginia has two judges, 
two districts, at a salary of $2,500 between them; 
South Carolina has one judge at a sala ry of $2,750; 
Georgia one judge, one court, salary $2,750; Flor• 
ida two judges and two districts—northern dis- 
trict, safary $2,250; southern district, salary 
$3,000. 
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will par- 
don me for a moment, I undertake to say that 
cach one of the district judges in Ohio sit.s more 
days in the year than both the judges of Virginia 
sit. 
IS'fr. SIMMS. I admit all that the gentleman 
says; and I contend that thc salaries ought to be 
arranged in proportion to the duties discharged. 
Alabama bas one judge who holds two terms of 
the court, salary $2', 750; Louisiana has two judges 
and two COUtLS, salary $6,000 between them; 'Ten- 
nessee has two courts and two judges, salary 
#5,000 betwccn them; Missouri has two courts 
and two judges, salary $5,000 between them; Ohio 
two judges and two courts, salary $5,000 bet ween 
them; Indiana, one of the largest of the north- 
western States, bas one judge apd one court, sal- 
ary only $2,500; Illinois two judges and two 
courts, salary $5,000 between them; Kentucky 
has one judge, who is now compelled by law to 
hold four courts at different localities in the State, 
ten terms of the court in ail, each to be at least 
two weeks, and may be more, and he receives a 
salary of only $2,500 a year. 
Mr. EDGERTON. Before that bill is voted 
on, i wish to say a few words in relation to it. I 
know that the argument is always used, in cases 
of th is kind, that some other receivesgreater 
compensation, and that, therefore, the compensa- 
tion should be made equal. I believe that officers 
of the United States Government are generally 
paid too much; and I believe that if any class of 
United States officers are paid too much, it is the 
judges of the United States district courts. 
Now, I know something of this court of the 
I know that the work 
northern district of Ohio. 
performed by that court is not arduous work. 
when the bill was before the House before, made I know that that performs during the year 
i a statement in reference to the business of the but very little labor comparatively. I know 'i]jat 
they meet frequently, but they sit only a few 
district court of the southern district of Ohio, I 
will present here a statement in refercnee to the hours during the day; and I say (hatthccourts 
northern district of Ohio. In 1857, there were of common pleas sn more hours during 'dav 
in almost. every county in northern Ohio thau this 
two hundred and forty-seven days of actual at- 
respective courts at least once each year at Toledo, in the 
In 1858, there court of t hc northern district Ohio—sit 
rn d istrict of said State, and at, Columbus, in the 
tendance in court for business. 
eermswbietl hereaftét were two hundred and One dcys of actual attend• hours during the arid 
