1861. 
Mr. BOCOCK. By what right docs the Judi- 
ciary Corn mittee. report on this subject? 
-IV.(r. BINGHAM. It was a bill introduced 'i 
last Monday, on a call of the States. It was read 
a first and second time, and referred, under the 
It is no w re- 
rule, to the Judiciary Committee. 
ported back, with the action of the committee 
upon it. 
Mr. BOCOCK. Was the Judiciary Commit- ; 
tee regularly called for reports? 
SPEAKER. It was. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The report comes regularly 
from the Committee on the Judiciary, as I undcr- 
stand it. 
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 wish to understand this 
If the gentleman from Ohio reports this 
thing. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
247 
prevent the bill having u fair consideration- by the 
the morning hour on two mornings, und the morn- 
ing hour of to-day having expired, it was too late 
I-louse. 
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Alabama 
for toe committee to make any further reports 
kli)der the privilege accorded to them by the rules \ i appeals me to withdraw my demand föl' tl,b 
previous question, in order that -he --.rnay make a 
of the House 
Mr. BINGHAÄ'I. The morning hour has not motion to refer this bill to the Committee«jf' the 
Whole on the state of the Union. 
expired. 
SHERMAN. very well, then; let that 
Mr. MAYNARD. understand that it has 
expired. 
The SPEAKER. It has not. 
IVIt•. MAYNARD. the Speaker 
when the I-nortling hour commenced? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not what objection 
the gentleman can have to allowing this bill to be 
printed and go over. 
Mr. BRANCH. I will explain the objection I 
bill in response to a regular call of his committee, have, fhr I desire to be frank. 
I object to this 
then the matter is regularly before us, and no ob- bill being placed in o position where it will be 
jecf.ion can prevent its consideration. If not, then within tl,e power of the gentleman who reported 
the report was made irregularly, and an objection i it to call it up at any time. The motion of the 
will prevent its being received; and in thåt case, gentlcman to recommit places it in the position 
where it may be called up at any time. •I have, . 
I will object. 
The SPEAKER. The report was made on a lherefore, called the previous question in order 
motion be entered. 
Mr. BRANCH. I would have no sort of ob- 
jection to that course being pursued, for think 
myself that the bill ought to go to the Committee 
of the Whole on the st-ate of the Union; but the 
honorable gentleman from Ohio has already given 
notice that 'he stands ready to make a privileged 
motion, and to cut off the motion to refer to the 
Committee of the M.Tholc on the state of the 
Union. The only way in which we can prevent 
the bill being put into position where the gen- 
t[emen of the Judiciary Committee can call it up 
at their pleasure, is by coming to a vote now, and 
either disposing of the bill or recommitting it to 
the Cominittee on the Judiciary. In that point 
•of view, I decline to withdraw -the demand for 
thc previous question. 
Mr. SHERMAN. no objection. 
Mr. BRANCH. lam willing to have the bill 
go to the Cotnmittee of theAVhole on the state 
of thc Union; and I wili withdraw,' my demand 
regu}ar call of the 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 understand that the 
man from Obio has made n motion to recotnrnit. 
Upon that .motion demand the previous question , 
in order to give usa vote upon that. motion to-day. 
M'r. SHERMAN. My n')0tion is, that. the rules 
be and that the I-louse resolve itself 
into the Committee of the MI hole on the state of 
the Union, for the purpose of taking up an appro- 
priation bill. 
Mr. BRANCH. T hc Speaker recognized me 
and I insisl on my 
as being entitled to the floor, 
demand for the previous question. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes 
tlenu:tn from Ohio [IM r. SHERMAN] had the right 
to make (he motion. 
CRAWFORD. The gentleman Ohio 
[Mr. SHERMAN] had the floor, and had rnoved to 
øo in to the Committee of the Whole on t.he state of 
the IJnion when the other gentleman from Ohio 
rost\ and desired to report this bill. The motion 
of his colleague to go into conni)it.tee, hos•vever, 
was pending, and Lhe addilional motion that a cer- 
tain bill be rnade the special order in committee. 
I submit, therefore, that t.he Judiciary Commit- 
tee was not regularly called, arid that the report. 
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. BINGIIAM] can- 
not be received, objection havine been made. 
Mr. BINGHAM, The 1710tion of my colleague 
was withdrawn at request, that the cali of the 
committee might proceed. 'Ehe call was made, ! 
and the report regularly made. 
The SPEAKER. gentleman from Ohio, 
that that motion may be disposed of at this time, 
and the bill cither put on its passage to-day Ote 
sent back to tbc committee, where it rnay remain 
until the conornit.tee is regularly called again. 
Mr. SHERMAN. But if the previous 
tion is ordered, and the motion to recommit voted 
for the previous question, provided there can be 
down, the House wilk be compelled to vote on the 
a general understanding that the bifl should be 
passage of the bill to-night, 
BRANCH. of that. 
referred to that. committee. 
i Mr. BINGHAM. That would be to bury the 
that a. majority of the House have it in their power 
If it went to the Committee of the W holo 
Ido not object bill. 
to Eorce us to an nmnediate vote. 
to that, though of course I will vote aaainst it. 
But I do object to its being placed in the power of' 
the inern bers of tho Judic.iary Commutee to call 
this up to-morrow, or next week, or at any 
time whenever they choose, without notice to the 
I desire, thereförc, that tbc I 
House of the fact. 
bill shall be finally acted on now, or that it shall 
be r,tcommitted to the Cornmittee on Judiciary. 
Mr. HOUSTON. Ifthegcntleman from 
Carolina were tcmporarily to withdraw the de- 
n-mnd for the previous question, would it be com- 
petent for nae to move that the bill bc referred to 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union; 
The SPEAKER. That would be in order. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 trust, if the demand for 
the previous question shall be withdrawn, we shall 
I havc a privileged motion 
all have a chance. 
w I'lich will come in in advance of that. 
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman from 
North Carolina to witfJdraw his demand for the 
previous question, and move that tloc bill 
the application ot• his be referred to the Committee of tho Whole on the 
on the state of the Union, we would never get it 
before the House fl}tain. 
IVI,•. CRAWFORD. You might as well now 
adjourn the House. 
MI'. SF[ERMAN. I demand tellers on Becond- 
ing the call for the previous question. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 move that there be a 
of the House; and on that motion demand tho 
yens and nays. 
Thc yeas and nays were ordered, 
MI'. ÜRANCH. After conference with the gen- 
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. BINGHAM,] I am willing 
to withdraw the motion I have made for a call of 
the House. He will withdraw his motion to re- 
commit, and let the bill go over as unfinished 
business to come up on Tuesday next. 
Mr. BINGHAM. I agree to that, as I under- 
stand that the bill will come up on Tuesday next 
as the unfinished business. 
MP. COLFAX. Let an order be entered for 
the printing of the, bill. 
I have no objection to that. 
Mr. BRANCH. 
The SPEAKEru The motions which have 
[Mr. SHERMAN,] 
colleague, waived tbc floor to allow a report to bc state of the Union. That is the place where it been made will be considered as withdrawn, und 
ought to be referred. 
Inade from tbc Committee on the .Tudiciai'Y. In 
Mr. BINGHAM. is of 
that. aspect of the case, the Chair suppose:; tho 
ring the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the 
call of the committee was regular, and the rcpott 
If the gentleman f'torn Ohio, 
BRANCH. 
the of the Committee of Ways and 
Means, did not regularly waive tbc floor, then 
the report of the gentleman from thc Jadiciat•y 
Committee was not in order, by reason of his not 
If the chairman of 
having the floor to make it. 
the Comtnittee of Ways and Means, however, 
gave up the floor, then his motion fell; and the 
report having been made, was entitled to the 
floor, and my demand for the previous question 
was in order. 
Mr. BINGHAM. My resumed the 
state of the Union at all? 
Mr. HOUSTON. Because is place 
where all bills making irnporlant changes in the 
laws should go. There they cun be discussed 
. and considered as lhev ought to be. 
Mr. BINGHAM. should suppose the bill 
could as well be discussed in the House. 
it is true, if a nn- 
Mr. I-IOUS PON. It could, 
jority were not disposed to domineer over the I 
minority in thc House. 
Mr. BINGHAM. to 
the biik will go over to r Iluesday next as unfin- 
ished business, and an order be made to print it. 
Mr. HOUSTON. How long is the bill? 
The SPEAKER. only one page. 
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 think we had better 
it read nnw. 
Mr. BRANCH. be before 
cach member before it will come up again. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the House re- 
solve. itself into the Comm itteccfthe Whole on the 
state of the Union, with a view to take up the cxcc- 
utivp, legislativc, and judicial appropriation bill. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Let us adjourn. There 
is no quorum present. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am willing, if gentlemen 
tunity for discussion to every gentleman who 
wishes to speak on the bill; and it was to afford arc willing, by unanimous consent., to Ict the bill 
If not, I adhcre to my 
come before the House. 
an opportunity for mature deliberation that / pro- 
floor as soon as i had made my report. 
T hc SPEAKER. 'i"he gentleman from Ohio posed that the bill should be printed and laid over motion. 
[Mr. SHERMAN] having waived the floor for his for the present, so that every gentleman could I Mr. HOUSTON. We cannot consent to that. 
Thore is and has been so much confusion in the 
colleague to *nake this report, of course, gave it have an opportunity of examining it. 
Mr. BOCOCK. YVill the gentleman from Ohio House that members have been unable to hear 
up uuconditionally; and 'tbe Chair does not see 
what has been going on. 'Ithe bill of the gentle- 
how the gentleman from North Carolina has not see that a fair i')0tice is frivc»; to gent\emen on this 
I admit man from Ohio go-t before the House without 
side of the House of its consideration? 
thc floor reguiarly. 
I did not seek it until the that the bill is in the of a majority I anybodv on this side hearincr a word about it. 
Mr. BRANCH. 
rl'he SPEAKER. That bill has been sent over 
the House, and that they can force a vote on it 
gentleman from Ohio had relinquished it. 
to Tuesday next as unfinished business; and it 
whenever they please. 
I onlv ask that we of the 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will receive the 
has been ordered to be printed. 
minority may have the of raising our 
demand for the previous question. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I present this question of voice against it, and that, to enable us do so, 
Mr. HOUSTON. Is in me to make 
we shall have a fair of when it is to be a motion in connection with that bill? 
that by the proviso attached to the 51st 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio 
called up. 
I ask that we may have the opportu- 
rule, which is: 
[Mr. SHERMAN] has the floor. 
Prouide.d. That whenever any committee *hail have nity Of our voice behalf of the ConsKi- 
i Mr. HOUSI'ON. I want to make-a motion, 
tution. 
hour days, it shali not bc in 
occupied the Inot•ning 
I wiii very cheerfully give and nothine else. 
the Mr. BINGHAM. 
order for such comniitteo to report further 
Mr. SHERMAN. I. cannot yield for that pur- 
centieme.n an v notice that they desire, which is fair 
shai\ have been called in their turn 
' Ehe bill reported by my colleague is dis- 
'Phis report could not have been regular. 'l"he and reasonable; and I am sure that, they wili desire II pose. 
Committee on the Judiciary have already occupied nothing that is unreasonable. 
I have no Wish' to posed of for the present. 
