248 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 5, 
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL. 
The SPEAKER. What motion does the gen- 
tlémari from•Ohio submit? 
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be 
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into 
tbe Committee of the Whole on the slate of the 
U Elion; and pending that motion, I move that 
House bill No. 892, mtilcing appropriati01is for 
the executive, and judicial expenses 
of the. for the year ending Juno 30, 
1862, be made the special order in the Committee 
of the Whole on the state of the Union until dis- 
posed of. 
Mr. THOMAS. 1 move that the I-louse do 
now adjourn. 
I demand the 
Mr. DAVIS, of livlississippi. 
yeas and nays on that motion 
The yeas and nays were not oi•dcred. 
The question was taken; and the Ilouse re- 
fused to adjourn. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 obiect to 
that part of the gentleman's motion makinug this 
bill a special order. 
Mr. GARNETT. so do 1. There several 
gentlemen who wish to address the committee on 
various topics; and if all the appropriation bills 
are made special orders, they will have no oppor- 
tunity to do so. The President's message was 
not, as usual, left open to general debate. 
Mr. SHERMAN. If there be desire on the 
part of the House to hear debate, it will over- 
rule my motion making the bill a speciat order. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. There has 
been as yet no opportunity afforded for general 
think that niembcrs ought to have some 
debate. 
opportunity qeneral debate. 
Mr. QU ARLES. suggest that the bill is not 
within the reach ot• members. 
Mr. SH ERMAN. The gentleman can get it 
it. 
by sending 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 have sent it. 
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been ordered to bc 
printed fin• n long 
M r. S'I'EV ICNS, of Pennsylvania. I demand 
the yeas and nays on the motion rnalk*ing the bill 
a special order in the Cornmillee of the Whole on 
the stale of the Union. 
'I"he yeas and nays werc not ordered. 
STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. EDWARDS 
and WHITELLY were appointed. 
'l'he House divided; and the tellers reported— 
no quorum voting. 
ayes 63, noos 31 ; 
During the division, 
rv.lr. SHERMAN said: Mr. Speaker, there are 
members present who have. declined voting. 
is their duty to vote, and unless they do so I 
shall be cornpelled 10 cull on the Speaker 'to cn- 
force the rules. When there is a majority here, 
and t,hc desires to proceed with the public 
business, bers ou«llt not to refrain from 
bis colleacrue, Mr. 
Mr. POR'I'L'R 
M/ IL SON, was paired with Mr. Moo R E, of' Ala- 
w ho wished to visit. a sick colleague. 
SPEAK ER. f I'herc IS no quorulll 
MI'. ShlERIVlAN. I move that there be a call 
of Lhc House. 
Tbc motion was agreed to. 
Ml•. WINSLOW. As it is late, and there is 
very little chance of our doing anything, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
'The motion was not agéeed to. 
Tile Clerk then called lhc roll; and the follow- 
ing members failed to answer to their names: 
Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Aslunore, Barksdale, 
Blair, Bocock, 
Boni•arn, Boteler, Bouligny, 
Barr. Barret, 
Burnett, Burn. 
Boyce, Brabson, Bristow, Brown, Burch, 
Butterfield, 
Calupbell, 
Horace F. Clark, Clark B. 
Cochrane, Conkling, Corwin, Jaines Craig, Burton Craige, 
Curry, Curtis, Davidson, II. VVi11tcr Davis, Dinnnick, Dunin, 
Eagiish, F'aruswortb, Fenton, Ferry, Frank, 
Edtnundsou, 
, lla:nilton, 
Hawkins, 
Hick- 
G rah.mn. 
Inan, Hoard, uxnphrey, JaeksD1', Jenkins, 
Keitt, W' illiam 
Lmnar, Land rucn, Larrabee. Janres M. 
Kello«xg, Kenyou, 
bert S. Martin, nd, 
Me Kean, McQueen, Miles, Millward, 
*Montgotnery, Syd'bllhå)lll Moore, Morri!l, Morse, Nelson. 
Nixon, Noel; , Oliu, Palmer, Perry, Peyton. Phelps, Pot.ter, 
Rice, Cln•i$kopher Rob- 
. Re vnolds, 
Reazan, 
Ruthn, Rust, Scot!, Scranton, Sieklcs, Sin- 
iusoa, E 
gleton. *tnitlr, Sonles, Stallworth. Jatnes A. Stew- 
art. Stewart, Stout. Stratton, Tappan, 'I'l;eaker, 
T o;.npkål.é, Underwood. Vallaudigham, Vance, Vaudever, 
van Wvck, Wilson, Windom, Wood, Woodruff, and 
Woodson. 
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now 
adjourn. 
'Mr. SHERMAN. T herc id a quorum present, 
and I hope the motion to adjourn will be voted 
down. 
Mr. COX. Is there a quorum present? 
Mr. SHERMAN. There is; and there 
other members in the Senate. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Yes,sir; a baker's 
dozen. [Laugh ter.] 
The question was taken ; and the House refused 
to adjourn. 
Ml'•. SHERMAN. 1 move thatall further pro- 
ceedings under the. call be dispensed with. 
The motion was agreed to. 
The tellers resumed their places. 
The question was then taken; and the motion 
was agreed to; the tellers having reported—ayes 
seventy-three, noes not counted. 
So the bill was made a special order in the Com- 
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now insist that the 
tion be taken on my motion to into the Com- 
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. 
'I'hc question was taken; and the motion was 
agreed to. 
The House accordingly resolved itself into the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, 
(Mr. ETHERIDGE in the chair.) 
The CHAIRMAN stated the first business in 
order to be the special order, which was House 
bill No. 892, making appropriations for the legis- 
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of thc 
Government for the year ending the 30th of June, 
1862; and that it' there was no objection, the first 
reading of the bill would be dispensed with. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 
The Clerk proceeded with the first reading of 
the bill information. 
Mr. COLFAX. I move to dispcnse with the 
first rcadinz of the bill. 
Mr. HOUSTON. The require 
the first reading of the bill for information; and 
it can only be dispensed with by unanimous con- 
sent. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 
I withdraw my 
objection. 
'I'hc first. reading of the bill was dispensed with. 
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by sections 
for amendment. 
For compensation and mileage ror Senators, $336,600. 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. 
I move to 
rod ace that appropriation one half. If the bill on 
the. subject of mileage conoes up, and is acted on, 
as it should be, the amount in thc bill before us 
wiil be twice what will be required. 
T hc amendment was rejected. 
For stationery, $12 000. 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. 
I move to 
strikc that out, and on that amendment I demand 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. LEACH, of 
INorth Carolina, and I-lousT0N, were appointed. 
'l'bc committee divided; and the tellers reported 
no quorurn voting. 
—ayes 8, noes 511; 
CHAIRMAN. The roll be called. 
'I'be roll was then called; and the followinff 
members failed to answer to their names: 
Messrs. Charles F. Adarn.s, Green Admns, Adrain, 
Thotnas L. Anderson, Ashley, Ashruore, Avery, Babbitt, 
B {air, Bocock, Bonhank, Boteler, Bou- 
Barr, Barret, doale, 
Briggs, Bristow, 
iiguy, Boyce, Brabson, Branch, 
Burlingame, Burnett, Btlttpr- 
B Burch, 
Brown, 
Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Cobb, 
field, (Y,unpbell, 
Clark B. Cochrane, Conkling, Corwin, Cox, James Craig, 
Davidson, II. VVint.er Davis, 
Burton Craige, Curry, Curtis, 
Dawes, DC Jarnet.te, Ditmnick, Dunn, Ed- 
John G. 
Fouke, Giltiler, Graha:n, 
mundson, English. 
Elatnilt.01), J. • Morrison Harris, John 
Harris, Haskin, 
'lawkins, Ilicklnan, Hill, Williatn A. Iloward, Humphrey, 
Willitun Kel- 
Jackson, Jenkins, Keitt, Francis W. Kellog2, 
Kenyon, Killingcr, Lalllar, LandruE11, Larrabee, Lo- 
gan, Love, Mallory, Charles I). Martin, Maynard, Mc- 
Knight, McPherson, McQueen, McRae, Miles, Milson, 
Millward, Montgtnuery, Sydenhtun Moore, Morrill, Nelson, 
l'ahner, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Potter, 
Nixon, Noell, 
Pottle, Pugh, Reauan, Edwin R. Reynolds, Join) fl. Rey- 
Christopher Robi nson, J;une.s C. 
Robinson, 
nolds, Rice, 
Rust, Scott, Scranton, Sickles, Sinnns, Willi;un 
Ruflin, 
Sjnith. Sotncs, Stallkvortl), Stevens, Stevenson, Jmnes A. 
Stewart, Will ialn Stewart. Stout, 'Phayer, Theaker, Totnp- 
kins, Train, 'l'rilnble, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vande- 
ver, Van Wyck, Cadvvaiader C. Washburn,VVebster, VVhite- 
ley, Wilson, Will(lonl, Winslow, Wood, Woodruff, Wood- 
son, and Wright. 
T lie Speaker resumed the chair, and Mr. 
ETHERIDGE reported that the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union had, according 
to order, had thc Union generally under consid- 
erution, and particularly the legislative appro- 
priation bill; and, finding itself without a quorum, 
had caused tho roll to be called, and had directed 
I him to report the names of the absentees to the 
House. 
Mr. BRANCH moved that the House do now 
The motion was agreed to. 
Thereupon (at three o'clock, p. m.) the House 
adjourned until Monday next. 
IN SENATE. 
SATURDAY, January 5, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of Thursday last was read and 
approved . 
Several messages, in l,vriting, were received from 
the President of the United States, by Mr. A. J. 
GLOSSBRENNER, his Secretary 
HOUSE BILL REFERRED. 
Mr. HUNTER. There is an appropriation 
bill on the table, which I should like to have re- 
I ask, by general consent, that it be read 
ferred . 
a first and second time, and referred. 
The bill (H. R. No. 865) making appropriations 
for the current and contingent expenses of the 
Indian department and for fulfilling treaty stip- 
ulations with various Indian tribes for tl')e year 
ending June 30, 1862, was read a first and second 
time, by its title, and referred to the Committee 
Finance. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. THOMSON presented the proceedings of 
a State mass convcntion of citizens of New Jer- 
soy, held at Trenton on Tuesday, the 11th of' De- 
cember, 1860, to consider the condition of national 
afl-hirs•, which were referred to the select commit- 
tee appointed under the resolutign of the Senate 
of the 18th December, 1860, to take into con- 
sideration such portions of the President's mes- 
sa«ye as relate t.o the present disturbed condition 
of the conn tr 
Mr. LATHYÅM presented the petition of Eliza- 
beth C. Willett, daughter of the late Joshua Shaw, 
praying the payment of the balance of an appro- 
priation made to compensate her father for the 
Invention of the percussion cap and lock for small 
arms, and the wafer prirner for cannon; which 
was referred to the Cornnutlee on Military Affairs 
and Militia. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented the 
petition of Ellen Morris, widow of Lewis R. Mor- 
ris, an offcer in the revolutionary war, praying a 
pension; which was referred to the Committee on 
Pensions. 
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of Clem- 
entine Lamotte, widow of Jacques Folse, and of 
Valentine Robicho, praying the confirmation of 
her tibie to certain' land in Louisiana; which was 
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims. 
Mt•. SLIDELL presented additional papers in 
the case of Charles H. Hyde, praying the reim- 
bursernent of expenses incurred in deepening the 
channel of the Southwest Pass of the Mississippi 
river, under a contract with the United States; 
which were referred to the Committee on Com- 
merce. 
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Moses 
H. Gale, asking an amendment to the Constitu- 
tion of the United States, reco(rnizing the exist- 
ence of God; which was referred to the Commit- 
tee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, 1 have been 
requested to present, a memorial, signed by a large 
number of residents of the United States, natu- 
ralized citizens, formerly German emiørants, con- 
stituting a religious community, concerning the 
present danger ofa dissolution of the Union, sub- 
mitting their views on the subject, and asking for 
their consideration by Congress. I do not know 
that there is any appropriate comrnittee to refer 
it to. The communication states that they have 
rcceived a special rcvelation on the subject of the 
diffculties that are attendinff the Government, 
and desire, on their part, that it be read. sub- 
mit their wish , that it may be read to the Senate, 
leaving it to the Senate, of course, to decide, as 
they do with all other such communications. My 
motion will be, that the communication lie on the 
table. 
