1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
249 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator it was received. He has declined to furnish that 
dcsire the reading of the memorial ? 
information; and thus, I think, has made himself 
M r. SEWARD. If the Senate desire to hear it. personally responsible for the act itself. 
Mr. HUNTER. Itis not common to read pe- 
Now, sir, further complain of Mr. Gobright 
titions. 
I do not think it would be wise to hear 
that he has behaved himself disincyenuously in 
this more than any other. 
this matter. He expressed, when he came to me, 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no motion be great regret at the occurrence of a circumstance 
made that it be read, it witl lie on the table. 
so unpleasant, and stated that hc would do every- 
MI'. SEWARD. I present a very brief and thing in I-lis power to correct it. Mr. Gobright 
very terse and very pregnant petition, which is, has made no such effort. Mr. Gobright has not 
that " tho undersigned, citizens of New York, 
thought proper to write to New York to call upon 
respectfully request your honorable bodies to aid 
the Pcoplc's Pacific Railroad Company by a lib- 
eral donation of the public lands. 
i move that it 
lie on the table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
FORTIFICATIONS IN SOUTH. 
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu- 
tion, and asked for its present consideration: 
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bc directed to com- 
munic.ate. to the Senate copies ot• atl orders issued fronh that 
Depart:uent, or from thc Arnw, 
to the officers in cormnand ofthe fortifications of'the United 
States in the Statc of South Carolina, since the 1st day of I 
Nove:nber last; and Ibat he also cotmnunicate to the Sen- 
ate copies ot• any tnilitary plans or recounnendations of' the 
Cornmander-in- Chief of' the Army, or of' any officer thereof, 
to the War Depart:nent, touching the military occupation 
by increased fbree or otherwise, of' the torts or arsenals of 
the United States in the State of Virginia, or in any of the 
States bordering on the Atlantic or Gulf of Mexico south 
of Virginia, in the District of C'oiumbia. or the navy-yard 
at. Pensacola; and that he införsn the Senate whether any 
such plans or recomtnendations have been adopted at his 
Deparunent, and what orders, if any, have been issued 
pursuant thereto. 
Mr. WILSON objected to the considerati n of 
the resolution; and it lies over, under the r le. 
ASSOCIATED PRESS. 
Mr. SLIDELL. Some ten or twelve. days 
since, I offered a resolution that the reporters of 
the associated press, or any reporter connected 
with it, should be expelled from the gallery of 
the Senate. The reason for presenting that res- 
olution has already been given to the Senate. A 
dispatch, purportin• to come from tbe associated 
press, appeared in the papers of the city of New 
Orleans on the 18th of December. 
In the New 
Orleans Crescent of the _18th of December, under 
the general head of " dispatches to the associated 
press," appeared this article: 
Proceedings in the House. 
WASHINGTON, December- the House, a motion 
recomtnending the repeal of all St.ate laws that conflict 
with the Constitution and the laws of Congress passcd by 
a vote of 51 against 14. 
" Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, of New York, presented a reso- 
lution," 
Proceedings in the Senate. 
In the Senate, Mr. CLARK'S resolution of inquiry con- 
cerning ports Moultrie and Sumter and the Charleston 
arsenal was laid over. 
Senator F Kprcq, of Indiana, is said to be preparing a 
speech, in which he vvill strongly urre coercion." 
Which surprised the Senator, no doubt, very 
much when he heard it. 
Senator SLIDELL, of Louisiana 
There can be no mistake; it is not a misprint, 
or anythino• of that sort— 
In his speech to-day, Senator SLIDELL, of Louisiana, 
charged President Buchanan with imbecility, imputing to 
him ihe cause of the present troubles, and the authorship 
of the present crisis." 
On the eveffing of the same day in which this 
news appeared in the New Orleans papers, I re- 
ceived a telegrapl)ic dispatch, 
informing me of 
the fact, and asking me if it was true, arid if any 
correction were necessary. I called the attention 
of the Senate to this matter the next day, and then 
said that if an explanation were not given to me, 
I should treat the matter as a question of privi- 
legc, and ask that the reporter or reporters of the 
associatet press should be expelled from the gal- 
let•y. This movement on my part produced a call 
from the chief agent of the associated press here, 
a gentleman by {he name of Gobright, who, I am 
told, enjoys a fair reputation here, and is spoken 
of favoi•ablv by gentlemen who say they know 
him well. 'It is not at all necessary for my pur- 
ose, to impeach the character or the integrity of 
Gobright. The associated press is a close 
corporation, no doubt receiving sufiicient remu- 
neration from thc public for the information that 
it conveys. am willing to say that I believe Mr. 
Gobright, himself, did not originate this menda- 
cious dispatch; but he has it entirely in his power 
to ascertain by whom it was sent, and by whom l. 
the agent of the press there—-who, he says, for- 
warded this fraudulent dispatch—and obtain the 
name of the individual by whom. this fraud was 
committed. I should have been cntircly satisfied 
if the immediate agent in the fraud had been dis- 
missed from the service of the company; but the 
company , or association, stands upon its rights 
and its dignity—it makes no explanation and no 
apology. 
My-colleague also found himself in a similar 
situations some time since, very grossly misrepre- 
sented. And this is not a mere freak of the press, 
Mr. President; it was intended to effect an object. 
The day when this dispatch was published in the 
newspapers, primary mectings were held in New 
Orleans for the purpose of nominating candidates 
for the convention of our State, which is to meet 
on the 23d day of January. That dispatch, 
think, failed to effect the purpose for which it 
It was undoubtedly intended to injure 
was sent. 
me, and all those who, with me, have thoåght 
favorably of the administration of Mr. Buch- 
anan. 
Now, Mr. President, to me and to my colleague 
it is a matter of great indifference, or will be in a 
very few days, what the associated press may 
say of our course in the Senate of the United 
States. We shali have other and higher duties 
to perform, perhaps upon some other theater; at 
least, we think so. At any rate, my course to- 
day is dictated by no selfish purpose at all. The 
reporter here of the associated press, or the off- 
Cial agent of that press, is contumacious. They 
have asserted a gross falsehood, and have made 
no attempt to correct it. 
It may be said, how- 
ever, that they did make such an attempt. Let 
us see what it was. As I said before, on the 18th 
of December this notice appeared in all the papers 
of New Orleans. On the 21st of December there 
appeared in the papers of New Orleans, the fol- 
lowing attempted contradiction of this slander: 
WASHINGTON, December the, Senate 
to-day, Mr. SLIDELL denied having charged President 
Buchanan with illibecility and the authorsbip of the present 
crisis, as reported by the correspondent of the New York 
Times, adding that he never felt such a sentiment." 
the statement that I made to the Sen- 
Now, sir, 
ate was on the day after the dispatch was pub- 
am asserted to have made 
lished—on the 19th. 
this declaration on the 20th. 
It is not denied. 
The false assertion that [ had made a speech on 
the floor of the Senate is not denied. No notice 
is taken of this false dispatch purporting to ema- 
natc from the associated press; but the attempt is 
made to fix it on the correspondent of the Times, 
although no such article ever appeared in the 
I only repeat, that i feel no personal in- 
Times. 
the Senate may take such 
terest in this Inatter; 
action on it as they think proper, such as they 
think due to their own dignity and to the pres- 
ervation of some degree of veracity in the reports 
of the proceedings of the Senate. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom 
Louisiana moves to takc up the resolution in rela- 
tion to the exclusion of the reporters of the asso- 
ciated press from the reporters' gallery. 
The motion was agreed to. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will 
read the resolution. 
The Secretvry read it, as follows: 
Resolved, That the Vice President be requested to ex- 
clude from the reporters' gallery of the Senate any reporter 
or reporters who may be etnployed, either partially or ex- 
clusively, by any agent or agents of the associated press. 
Mr. WILSON. Is the question on the adop- 
tion of that resolution ? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques- 
tion. 
Mr. WILSON. I do not rise for the purpose 
of vindicating the reporters of the associated 
press, or the reporters of any character here; but 
I do not see that it is proved that the reporters 
of the associated press here in Washington , here 
in the gallery of the Senates or in- House of 
Represen tatives, are responsible forthis dispatch ; 
and, until it be proved that these reporters sent 
this dispatch, I do hot think the Senate: of the 
United States ought to adopt this resold_ti--on.: If 
it is the purpose to press this matter, I think' it 
due to the Senate that thc& should make. thO 
proper investigation. It is said that-ahis dispätch 
was sent from the city of New York. If that be 
so. it cannot have originated with the reporters 
of the associated -press here. Where the persons 
who manage the associated press in the city of 
New York obtained-this information, I know not. 
Certainly the.Senator from Louisiana made no 
such declarations on this floor as were imputed to 
him. Whoever sent that dispatch as to those re- 
marks having been made here, certainly must 
have manufactured it. 
I think I saw about that 
same time in a press of this city, or in a press of 
New York—I do not recollect which, but I think 
of this city—that the Senator from Louisina had 
expressed, notin the Senate, but somewhere else, 
probably in private conversation, some remarks 
of that character. The probabilities are that that 
publication must have been the foundation of this 
dispatch. 
Now, sir, we all know that reporters often do 
injustice to all of us, either by omission or com- 
mission; we all know that newspapers -do the 
same thing; but I think it wiser in public men to 
let the reporters of the newspapers, whether of 
the associated press or any other, exercise their 
freedom. Let them say what they please. 
In 
regard to myself, they have exercised that right 
for many years, and I have often thought unjustly; 
but think it better to bear it, to go along and 
live these things down if we can; and I do not 
think we ought to adopt this resolution. I think 
we had better let the matter pass over. The Sen- 
ator from Louisiana has vindicated himself here; 
indeed, he needed no vindication here, for we all 
know he made no such dec.laration; but I think 
we had better not press this question or take this 
action. Before we pass such a resolution, think 
it due to the reporters of the associated press here 
in the galleries that the matter should be investi- 
gated, and that they should not be punished for 
what it does not appear they are responsible for. 
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, think that 
the honorable Senator from Louisiana is under a 
misapprehension as to the origin of this dispatch. 
I recollect seeing it, when it first appeared, in a 
New York paper. 
I do not remember in what 
paper I saw it; but I remember that it struck me 
as so singular, that I looked to see if itcame under 
the head of the Associated Press," the reports 
of which I think are generally very accurate. 
did not. Itcame from some independent reporter. 
But a small portion of' the telegraphing here is 
done b' the associated press; I think not more 
than one tenth of it. This dispatch came from 
some other reporter than those of the associated 
press, to a New York paper. The agent of the 
New York associated press very probably thought 
it wus authentic, and sent it to New Orleans; but 
we ought certainly not to punish a reporter- here 
for what another agent of the same company did 
in New York, if that was the origin of the dis- 
I certainly think the 
patch, as 1 think it was. 
subject ought to be investigated, and we ought to 
find out who is the guilty party. If any reporter 
here has manufactured a dispatch of that kind, I 
will vote for a resolution to expel him, for I think 
it would be due to the dignity of the Senate that 
such a resolution should pass; but I do not wish 
to see a number of innocent men in Washington 
punished for an offense committed by an entirely 
different man in New York. 
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, as a matter 
of respect and courtesy to the honorable Senator 
from Louisiana, I should be half inclined to vote 
for the resolution if I thoughtl could see my way 
to a correction of the abuse of the telegraph from 
It has become an essential department of the 
it. 
Government—supersedincr the press at the capi„ 
tal, and superseding private correspondence. But 
thc resolution would seem to be vindictive in pun- 
ishing past abuse, and providing no adequate rem- 
ed y against other abuse, which, perhaps, would 
be the only real justification we could have for. 
passing it. My experience has been, that the re- 
porters of the associated press, on the whole, are 
much more careful and much more accurate than 
unknown and irresponsible reporters, or occa. 
