250 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 5, 
sional repostcrs, who excite the country every 
morning with dispatches, some of which, I doubt 
not, are made here, and a great Inany, I believe, 
are made in the printing offices where they appear 
before the public. 
-am willing to be generous to them; but I think I 
I ought to be just, and vindicate my own wrongs 
in this department while redressing the wrongs of 
other Senators. Now, it so happens that I have 
been here a month in the city of Washington, 
and I have been honored with occasional notices 
in the telegrams from this city, and 1 scarcely re- 
member a single instance in which what was truth 
was told about me; but, on thc other hand, every- 
thing that seemed to be suid about Ine was just 
cxaclly the thing which was the Inost untrue of 
I do not know what share thc asso- 
all others. 
ciated press had in this; J. never looked; but I 
have made up In y mind that an institution which 
in so important 
is regulated so badly that it will, 
a department as this, mislcad the public so much 
and so often, will be obliaed in somc way to cor- 
I submit whether on the whole we 
rect itself. 
had not better, after these exposures, by Millich 
tbc public will understand that everything thc 
telegraph reports is to bc taken with some «rains 
of allowance, leave the matter, and sce whether 
the telegraph will not tn•ake its own correction. 
r Ilhcreforc shall not vote for tho resolution. 
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, 1 am very 
much inclined to believe that there is sometl')ing• 
think 
in this system of telegl•aphing. 
there is not only fraud, but corrupti0n, in con- 
nection with this associated press and its system 
I have been reflecting on this 
of telegraphing. 
subject for a good while, and I think it is about 
time for the Government to take charge of the 
I know that, for Inyself, I can rcpcat 
a deal of what has said by the Senator 
frorn New York, and cark safely say that scarcely 
has thcre been a truth 
in to yself 
ever 
passed over the wires Any- 
thing uncivil or ('int.rne or unkind, that is said 
me, (renerally goes all over t.he country. A case 
has coinc to my notice M.' ithin the past week, where 
a bad man used the telegraph for a 
in connection xvith ID y Still, I believe that 
tho l.)Qtter way is to let this thing correct itself'. 
r I'he telegraph is a new . 
It. is n very short 
It is very recently 
timc since it was established. 
that we have known anything about, it, and after 
a white, those persons who havc charge 
of it will see the wrong choy are doing to them- 
selves, as well as the wrong they are doinn• to 
l. have no doubt', will correct it. 
01hcrs, and, 
I have cn Lire confi- 
.AB to 1M r. Goln•igiitr, 
know ledge I 
dencc in his integrity. From the 
have of hill), I um sure he would do no wrong 
'i'he error is, that there are too 'X)anv 
to any one. 
people scattered all over the country, WII* are not 
responsible to the l'icad of Illc system, and who 
do this wrono• 
I feel inclined to vindicate the character of the 
Senate and to vote for this resolution; I 
had bettor let it alone • and I think that. tho 
n o xv will do tnore 
lesson LhQ,y have reccivcd here 
(rood than the passi-vre of the resolution. 
committees, with all the wisdom I possessed, sub- 
jecting, always, mv own views and preferences, 
at last, to the majority, when i could thereby, and 
not otherwise, receive favorable reports. Some- 
times I have advocated such bills at some length, 
presen ting, as well as I could, the great arguments 
derived from the commercial, financial, and po- 
litical purposes of the enterprise. At other timcs 
I have lent what seemed to me more effective aid, 
by keeping silent and discouraging debate, in 
order that we might reach the opportunity of se- 
curing the favorable vote which was expected to 
crown our efforts. The same motivc will induce 
me to be brief now, in the hope that, if my ex- 
arnp]e shall bc followed by other friends of the 
measure, may speedily secure its adoption. 
A word, Mr. President, on the details of the 
I have heretofore exprcssed the opinion that 
bill. 
the most feasible, and the most natural, and the 
best roule for a Pacific railroad is tho more north- 
erly one, to connect1V1innesota with the northern 
ports of the United States on the Pacific. 
also on record as havil]ff entertained the opinion, 
which I do now entertain, that it would be rnore 
wise, financially, to construct one railroad than 
two 01' more. rilhis bill does not confor)n to these 
It presents two routes, a northern and 
v lews. 
a southern route; and while thc southern route 
is unobicclionablc to me, the norther\') route is 
less nmihern than I would prerev. 
It will be pro- 
by sub- 
posed, 1 understand, to amend thc bill, 
stituting for its northern route that one which I 
would have preferred. I shali, under existing 
circumslanccs, not vote for the amendinent. My 
reason is, that the bill, as so amendcd, I appre- 
hcnd, could not be passed, while I hope that the 
, in its present shape can be passed. This 
reason, whether satisfactory or not, inust my 
justification to those sections of the country which 
would prefer, as I do, the route which is pro- 
posed to be substituted by amendment. 
I vote for two railroads, instead of onc as I would 
prefin•red , because I satisfied that o can - 
and I trust und believe that now, at 
not be 
passcd ; 
last, two can. Any bill for the construction ofa 
Pacific railroad knust obtain the votes of the Sen- 
a.te and o? tho House of Represen tatives. 
very hard thing, as we know by experience 
, to 
'ret the vote of eithcn• Elouse in favor of a Pacific 
railroad, and hitherto it has been impossible to 
the largest appropriation ever made; 
to bind the Northeast and the Northwost, and the 
Southeast and- the Sont.hwost, and North and 
South, and East and West, by a physical, mate- 
rial bond of indissoluble union. Sir, it is rai:- 
roads and canals and connections and facilities 
for comrnunication, commerce, and affection, that 
bind together and assimilate discontented and ill- 
assorted communities. 'This is a great measure 
of conciliation, of pacification, of compromise, 
and of union. 
The bill commends itself to all the friends of 
the Union, upon the ground that it is exactly 
equal and just. It distinctly that which 
we are alf required to recognize: that, owing to 
the peculiar conformation of the country and the 
people, there is one interest and 
habits of our 
civilization North, and another distinct interest 
and civilization South; that the competition, the 
rivalrv, between them is what has brought upon 
the country apprehcnsions of' disaster and disso- 
lution. This rc equally provides for 
ing the progress and dev(hopment of the northern 
It connects 
civilization, and that of tbc South. 
the ports and the cities around the. mouths of the 
Mississippi with the Pacific coast at San Die€{0, 
passing through eight hundred miles in Texas, 
of lands that are adapted to southern cultivation 
and southern production ; and eight hundred iniles 
more, through a similar reoion, brinæs thc road to 
its termination on the coast. 
I have listened to what southern Inen have 
asked. I have listened Witb a desire and willinty- 
ness to be convinced that what t,hcy asked could 
be properly and safely granted; but. Cor this prop- 
ositiop I require no consideration. am prepared 
to grant jt at once, as t.heir right, as their due, as 
equal aMl just, and as only an equivalent for what 
the bill proposes to 'Five to the northern civiliza- 
northern 
t.ion which is to be promoted bv the 
It is no idle and wasteful expenditure that we 
in passing this bill. There is 
propose 10 
no waste or sacrifice at all. give for the pur- 
pose of securing tho Union o l')ly which 
will come back into tho Treasury after a lapse of 
profits abundant to reward tho outlay. 
years, 
A railroad to the Pacific requires an expenditure 
of money or of credit; and thero is power, no 
authoritv, in this country to cxpc.nd such money 
get the vote of both. This bill has got the vote and credit but 1110 Fcdcral Government. There- 
, it is reasonable and that the Federal 
i of the House of Representatives already. 'Ithat 
that is so much secured; and going II Governinent shali do hcro what in other cases 
and I II Slates and individuals woui(l be expected to do. 
for this bikk because it is so much secured, 
not proposc to let it go back to thc House The outlay will be rcpaid abundant lv in postal 
returns and in tho transportation of naval and 
ao•ain, for fear it nmv be lost. 
Whatever QI-)ject.ions I in i" ht. otherwise have to military munitions and stores. 
this bill, whatever proferenc.os onc in another The an n interest can never exceed $4,800,000. 
form, I am going to support it as it has come from That though it seems startling as a 
largo sum, will yet sink in alipapent mao•nitude 
the I•louse o f' Representatives. 
and become diminutive in our estimation when 
In regard to the northern section have to say, 
cro in to en•ect., and a rail road we look forward to the period—fifteen years hence, 
that if this bill shall 
be built betweel') the parallels of 380 and 420, it perhaps—when the railroad will be completed. 
will l)e quite casy to connect the towns on the i We arc apt. to refer to the time of N! r. Adams, 
when the expenses ('f this Government were only 
1.1 1')per N_l.i.ssissippi and coasts of Lake Supe- 
w l) ich will give thorn a great then to look at. the present expend- 
rior will) that route, 
and I pledge nys•elf, so long iture—sixlY, cn• seventy, or eightv rniilion dollars 
re}ief and benefit; 
Mr. SLIDELL. - It' it well understood that as 1 have any connection with public affairs, to annually— 
and start at the contrast. But, Mr. Pres- 
idcnt, it admits the increase oftbe country, of its 
favor, in all possiblc ways, such connections. 
1 
the mendacity of the reporters of t.he associated 
population, of ils cono of its wealth and 
press is so notorious, so patent. throughont the shall be ready to-morrow, and every day after- 
has been in a proportion equal to thc in- 
wa'rds, to vote a third route, if it shall appear 
country, that every Senator on this floor admits it, 
crease of its expenditures. MT e have only to just 
that the condition of the rrreasury and of the 
have obtained everything that I wish. Let that 
II remember that one, or at noost. two, more rcturns 
country shall justify such a rnovement. 
bc understood. I withdraw m V resolution. 
N.Ir. Preside•nt, I coinc more cheerfully now than 
of the census are to come in before the account 
RAILROAD TO PACIFIC. 
for coristructin«x t.hese railroads can bc closed , and 
ever to the support, of this great Ineasure. 
; f then tbc cost will relatively bc moderatc and rea- 
G WIN. Inove that the Senate proceed I want it to pass; and I want it to pass to-day, 
sonable. 
to the consideration of the special order, being if possible. 'The evil of our time is sectionalism. 
BLit. it is not to be required of any road , canal, 
T hc danger of OUi' tirnc is division of the Union 
I-louse bill No. 
II or channel of trade or conunet•ce, thauit repay 
'The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as by force of Every man appeals to 
the Government for the cost of its construction 
a compromise o, sectional 
in Conuni!tce of the MT hole, proceeded to con- 
if it shalt produce indirectly adequate 
sider the biil (I-I. -R. No. 701) to secure contracts, difficulties, and for tho devising of some nex.v bond 
directly, 
rewards distributed througli0t1L the whole nation . 
and of' anion to hold t„ocrether tbcso States, which it 
and make provision for the safe, certain, 
, "I' hat, is the nature of the tcrprisc before us. 
more speed v trans')ort.ation, by railroad, of mails, IS apprehendcd danger of falling apart for- 
; I Just so far and so fast as vou extend a railroad 
troops, munitions ofwar,militaty and naval stores, I ever. -I'Vhile I have listened kindly, and shall 
into the vv•est.ern wilderness, just so fur and so fast 
bct.ween tl-re Atlantic States and those of the Pa- i continue to listen respectfully and fraternally, to 
society develops itself, spreads ilself around, and 
every of that kind which is suooestcd, 
cific, and for other purpose. 
even advances before the terminus of your rail- 
r. SIL_Ä'VARD. Mr. President, from the day here is one for which .1 ani prepared to vote at 
road. New States arise, and these are combined 
w hell the ' rerrit.orics of Califorrlia and New IN'.Eex- once. I want it to be known; I want it to bc seen 
„tates, and assume their share of 
with other 
and reat_i of hero 
and elsewhere 
ico "'ere acquired by the United Slates, have re- 
the and dcfense of the State, guaranty- 
gat•ded a connection of the Pacific coast with the the verv day and hour when it iV'as apprehended, 
ing the conunon liberty and prornot.ino• the com- 
Atlantic, by a railroad, as the first, chiefest, and II by patriotic and wise th roughout the land, 
- mon wekfåre. •srVith these two lines of railroad in 
this Union was fal!ino• into ruin, t 
'neascu•es i could su pport while re- thal 
best, of all the 
pub!ic service. I have gress of the United States placed upon the statute- il operation, thus developing the resources as well 
am inn- in 
. book eternal record, an act appropriating i of the South as of the North, and openincr and 
policy by and con on 
aided (his 
