1861, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
251 
establishing new fields of mining and culture north 
and south, on the Pacific coast, you will have 
given an impulse to the material prospet•ty and 
ao•grandizcment of the United States, surpassing 
all -that has ever before been accomplished since 
the Government vvas formed. Practically, Sir, 
this road will cost nothing. Only bonds are to be 
issued for it, and those bonds payable at the ex- 
piration of thirty years. The wealth of the Uni- 
ted States will •double in thirty years to come, as 
it has more than doubled in thirty years past; and 
that which was a debt when it was begun, will, 
in some sense, cease to be a burden at the time 
when it comes to be paid. The interest, it is sug- 
„gested by my honorable friend from Maine— 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh no; 1 made no sug- 
gestion. You overheard a remark in conversation. 
Mr. SEWARD. I overheard my honorable 
friend raisirv a very proper question, that interest 
will have to be paid in the mean time. The inter- 
est that is paid until the work is completed, is 
part of the cost; but then the services that road 
will render, when completed, to the Post Offce, 
thc naval and military departments, will be an 
equivalent for the interest as well as the principal, 
and I think we may compromise very ',vell on that. 
I have one word to say more upon these sev- 
I have said already that I thought 
eral routes. 
the northern route fixed in tho bill was too far 
south for financial purposes, and that I would pre- 
fer a more northern one; but I beg my honorable 
friends from the Northwest to remember that at the 
present time there are found between a line drawn 
one hundred miles south of the parallel of 380, 
and a line drawn one hundred miles north of thc 
parallel of 420, twenty out of thirty million inhabit- 
ants in thc United States, while a railroad north of 
that line would subserve the convenience of a pop- 
ulation iow far less—I think not more, perhaps, 
than two million or one million and a half. They 
Now, sir, if you will carry your recollection 
back to the period of the Ptolemys, and-bring 
before you the condition of society in Europe 
and in Asia at that time, and imagine that there 
' had been a ship canal or a railroad from Alexan- 
I dria to Suez, thus connecting the east and the 
west of the Old World, I think you will find rea- 
sons for believing that the civilization once exist- 
ing in that region that would have been traversed 
by that route, would never have fallen; that it 
would have been a progressive civilization ever 
since, instead of an ephemeral one, rising and 
declining according to the tempers and passions 
of the belligerent nations of Europe and Asia. 
I The railroad is already built from Alexandria 
It is a monopoly; but it is inadequate; 
to Suez. 
and the great enterprise of the day is the open- 
ing ofa canal through the desert, from Marietta, 
on the Meditterranean, to Suez. When that is 
done, which is the great desire of all European 
nations, and which has only been prevented from 
being done by the jealousies of England and 
France, and possibly Russia, then the civiliza- 
tion of that part of the world will be rcncwed 
effectually and established.' That is precisely 
what I want to anticipate on this continent, while 
i•ve are yet young and vigorous, and stroncy, and 
rich, and hopeful, and ambitious. 
Mr. President, this proposition in every wav 
commends i tsclf to a people likc those of the Un i tell 
It is no hesitating work; ilisa bold work. 
States. 
It is no sectional work; it is a national work. 
it is a wrork for the use of the 
is no narrow work; 
must be patient, then; they must wait and con- 
nect with this road; they must develop—Heaven 
knowrs that they are developing fast enough to-day I 
to secure very soon the most auspicious progress 
and success. No part of the world has ever im- 
proved or developed itself faster than the region 
of country lying between Lake Superior and the 
Rocky Mountains, and around the Fails of St. 
Anthony. 
The southern routc seems to me peculiarly ad- 
whole world. 'When it is completed, you will 
have effected that without which you cannot hold 
this Union together. You are building up to-day, 
on the coast of the Pacific ocean, powers which 
illust communicate with foreign nations, and 
through foreign conunerce, and have. foreian con- 
noctions, or else they illust connect with the East, 
and be American. You are building up on the 
coast of the Pacific ocean Asiatic powers instead 
of American powers, and you are turning your 
people, with their commerce, theirenterprise, their 
spirit, and their ambition, all over to follow in the 
crusade of England in China and in Iiidia, when, 
if you will only construct this road, complete this 
great work, you make tho Pacific coast American, 
and you combine the energies of the East and of 
the YVest, extending the civilization of thc world 
westward in its proper way, with American in- . 
vantacreous, because it will bring out into full 
development the natural resources of the State of habits, 
Texas, which, of itself, is sufficient to make an American sentiments, and American interests, 
across the great continent of America, until you 
empire, while it will connect that empire indisso- 
I am asked as a reach, on the other side, the shores of the Atlantic 
lubly with the, United States. 
we shall receive from them not:only no •benefit, 
but a positive injury. Immigration and capital 
will be diverted fi•om Minnesota and, •Wisconsin, 
and from the entire lake the lines of 
these roads; and the commerce of the great lakes 
will, to a certain extent, be sacrificed to build up 
interests that are inimical to theirs. 
The manner in which legislation has heretofore 
been conducted has been extremely unfortunate 
for us in the Northwest. The Government is 
now paying millions of dollars for overland mail 
routes, all starting from southern States, and 
running to the Pacific—not to the center of the 
Pacific coast, but to the southern shore of our 
possessions there. Upon two occasions the Sen- 
ate passed a bill giving us an overland mail route 
in the North, at a very small expense compared 
with the amount given to the southern route, but 
by some process inexplicable to me, those b.ills 
failed in the other branch of Congress. I find 
that there is an ability in some quarters to make 
combinations that prevent us from receivinT our 
rights, while at -the same time we are compelled 
to pay our share of the expenses. 
I shall not detain tbc Senate long, for I presume 
it is a foregone conclusion, that this bill is to pass 
I have it from high author- 
without amendment. 
ity. What strikes me as remarkable in the speech 
of the Senator from New York is, that he sup- 
poses the passage of this bill will save the Union. 
I am a Union man; would sacrifice anything 
that any one could ask to save the Union; and if 
he has found the means of doing it, I shali be 
very much gratified. The venerable President of 
the United -States, his able Cabinet, the Senate, 
the House of Representatives, the great men and 
the little rnen all over the country, the sane and 
the insane, have been racking their brains for 
months past to find some way by which they 
could save this great and glörious Union; but afl 
to no avail. Every proposition that has been 
brought forward, no matter from what source, 
has received little, if any favor. But the Senator 
frorn New York has at last discovered the philos- 
opher's stone; he has found the spring of life, of 
He thinks that the 
which we used to read. 
Union can be saved if we cive to the South two 
railroads to the Pacific ocean! I am sorry that 
there are so few southern Senators in their seats, 
for I wish to cail their attention to this wondrous 
proposition. I wish to learn from them if they 
are prepared to sacrifice for money the principles 
for which they have been fighting. If dollars 
and cents will redress their wrongs, I am prepared 
to vote the money—not only $36,000,000 but 
| #100,000,000; but upon one condition. 
If that 
northern man, I am asked as a representative of ocean. 
- amount of money will remove t.heir causes of 
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, 1 have an amend 
Now York, to vote a large sum of money to con- 
ment to offer to this bill; but after having listened complaint, quiet their consciences, and make them 
struct a railroad from the mouth of the Missis- 
to the able, eloquent, and what appears to mo ox- satisfied., will give it freely; but upon the con- 
sippi to the Pacific ocean, through the southcrn 
country; chicfly of Texas and California. It is traordinary speech of the distinguished Senator I dition that when they have got it they shall leave 
the sum of $36,000,000. i vote it cheerfully. It from New York, I have no hopes that my amcnd- thc Union. But, sir, I have misjudged the south- 
is no more than t be State of New York has done i! mont will meet with favor upon this floor. I have ern charac.tcr vcrv much, if they will make sad- 
under circumstances less exacting than these. no hopes that any amendment, howveverjust, how-ul rifices so great (if we are to believe what -they 
have said) for a few millions of dollars. 
Forty years ago theStat.e of New York commenced ever meritorious, that may be offered, will receive 
Mr. LANE. For which they arc to be. taxed, 
the construction of a canal to connect the lakes favorable notice here. 
The honorable Senator announces that, in his. I Mr. RICE. Yes, for which they and we are 
With tide-water, through her own territory, which 
to be taxed. I shall be very much pleased to 
was to be one link, a long and strong link, in the opinion, the northern route is the best route; yet 
have the correctness of that part of the Senator's 
great chain of internal improvements across the he wilt sacrifice his preferences for that and vote 
I have steadily supported that policy for two southern routes. He thinks one road speech tested; and I expect to have an opportu- 
continen t. 
nity to do so by having thc yeas and nays on the 
always, whenjtwasinfavorand when it waun dis- preferable to t'„vo or more; yet he will votc for, 
favor; and at last, this very year, it is completed, virtually, four routes; three commencing upon amendment which I am about to offer. I move 
and the enlarged Eric canal, practically a navigable I the western border of the southern States, and to strike out ail after the enacting clause of the 
steamship canal, is completed at a cost of thirty- one branch commencing upon the western border bill, and insert. 
six million dollars, or thereabouts; and all ques- and going through the southern part of our most Mr. POLK. I apprehend that the amendment 
proposed by the Senator from Nlinncsota is tan- 
tion as to every vote that had ever been cast for southern free State. 
I am in favor of a Pacific railroad; and I have tamount to a substitute for tho House bill; and I 
it is at an cnd; and there is not a citizen of the 
no fault to find with the details of this bill, with ask if it would not. be proper to amend the bili as 
United States, there is not an intelligent man 
throughout the world, who does not agree that If the exception of the lines marked down; and in it stands, first, before the substitute is presented 
that respect I do complain. The bill passed the 
the expenditure was the wisest and the best that 
ment to the first. section of the biil. 
' House of Representatives with, i might say, in- 
passed under the operation of 'l ThePRESIDiNG OFFICER, (Mr. BIGLERin 
any State in this country has ever made. 
Sir, the consequences of such connections are decent haste. 
the previous question, when no man favorable to I i the chair.) It wi\l be perfectly in order to move 
a subject of philosophical examination. The 
the northern route was able to obtain the floor to perfect the matter proposed to be stricken out, 
mouth of the N'lississippi on our continent cor- 
to cxprcss his vievvrs upon it; and here, acrain, I before the question is taken on the substitution. 
responds to the Delta of the Nile; and the town 
of San Francisco, on the Pacific coast, is the Suez may be cxouscd if I feel that wo havc cause to Mr. POLK. Do I understand the Chair to say 
of this continent. Connect the Atlantic and the [i complain. And, while i ana in favor of a Pacific that it is proper for nqc now to offer my amend- 
Pacific by railroad, as the civilized nations of Eu- railroad, cannot, in justice to myself and to my ment? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator 
constituents, vote, for it $100,000,000 at tbc outset. i 
rope arc so skow!y but steadily goino• on in estab- 
lishing adequate connection between the Delta of How many more mi11011s •vvil\ be required to com- proposes to amend the matter proposed. to be 
the Nile, and through the Red Sea. to the Pacific plete the svork, is not known to man. I cannot i! stricken out. 
ocean. That is a work that is to be completed consent to vote for it millions of acres of the Mr. POLK. Yes, sir. 
, it be a public lands, a.nd to tax the people Of the North: The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
rival of our own. It will be an auxiüat•y our to [hat extent. YVo, in my State, will have to ment is in order; and the Secretary will read it. 
pay out share tOwards building these roads; and 
