252 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 5, 
which is, in the first section, seventh line, after the State of Iowa; and thus, in truth, so far as the 
to insert "at the mouth of the national character of the work is concerned, it 
word " Missouri," 
Kansas river; thence up the valley of the said will be as though the road had but one fork at the 
I eastern commencelnent of it. 
river to the vicinity of Fort Riley." 
Mr. POLK. I will state, Mr. President, briefly, 
in explanation of the amendment, that when it is 
adopted, the first section wili read thus: 
Starting from two points: one on the western border of 
the State of Missouri atthe mouth of the Kansas river, and 
thence up the valley of' the said river to the vicinity of Fort 
Riley ; and the other on the western bdrder ot Iowa. 
Fort Riley is an important military station in 
the western and central section of this country 
that belongs as yet to the United States. My 
amendment requires the road to run in the vicinity 
of that fort. One great obiect of the road, and I 
believe one of the principal objects upon which 
its constitutionality is defended, is, that it is to 
facilitate the transportation of troops and supplies 
for the United States. This, therefore, in an emi- 
nent deøree, coöperates in carrying out that ob- 
ject of bill. 
In the next place, the United States have a mil- 
itary road now, I believe, extending from Fort 
Riley down into New Mexico; New Mexico be- 
; ng u little south, but a good deal west, of Fort 
Riley. This, therefore, coöperates still further 
n facilitating the transportation of troops and sup- 
'lies on the part of the United States. Hence, one 
of the great objects of such a measure is neces- 
sarily and directiy secured by an amendment of 
this kind. 
If the road is to start from the •western border 
of Missouri, at any point north of the Kansas 
river, it cannot be thirty miles shorter than it will 
be if it starts at the mouth of thc Kansas, and pro- 
ceeds westwardly in the valley of the Kansas 
river as flu• as Fort Riley. It will then proceed, 
as it must afterwards, going west, so as to pass 
in the neighborhood of the Great Salt Lake, on 
what is known as the South Pass route. You 
therefore have but a vcry trifling and insignificant 
increase of the distance, probably no increase of 
expense, or certainly not in a greater proportion 
than the number of rnilcs will bc; and yet you 
accommodate the United States in thc transport- 
ation of public supplies. 
Then, sir, by starting at the mouth of the Kan- 
sag, or near there, a connection is cstablished with 
the Kansas branch of the Pacific railroad that is 
in progress of building in the State of Missouri, 
und is well nigh completed—so far completed that 
it is a certainty that the State of Missouri will 
very soon be able to finish that branch of its Pa- 
cific railroad to Kansas City. Mr. President, the 
State of Missouri was one of' the first—perhaps 
the very first—to take steps that were earnest and 
were hopeful success towards carrying railroad 
communication from thc Mississippi river to the 
Pacific coast. Of her own means she has pros- 
ecuted that road, until she has got it nov,.' near the 
point of completion to the mouth of the Kansas 
river. Then, if this connection is made, another 
object is gained; and that is, that when the Kan- 
sas branch of the Pacific railroad is made to con- 
nect with this road, there is a connection directly 
through central Illinois, central Indiana, ccntrul 
Ohio, and, by Incans of the Pennsylvania Central 
road and by Incans of tho Baltimore and Ohio 
road, first with this city, with Baltimore, with 
Philadelphia; and then, by the branches that con- 
nect laterally with all those great central stems 
of railroad, there is connection north and south 
in all the regions between the Mississippi river 
and the Atlantic sea-board. 
It does seem to me that no point could be se- 
lected, and no system of connections could bc cs- 
I do not propose to detain the Senate with re- 
marks on this amendment. Any Senator who 
i is familiar with the geography of the country, 
there will see, I think, that whatever may be his 
objections to the general tenor of the bill, this wilk 
I know the amendment will not re- 
improve it. 
move the objections of the Senator from Minne- 
sota; but that Senator himself, I think, will see 
that the amendment is one that would make the 
road better, if the bill is to be passed and the road 
is to be built as this bill intends it should be. 
Therefore, I think that whoever may object to thc 
bill as it stands, on the ground that the more 
I northern of the two great routes provided for is 
not far enough north, must yet be satisfied that 
li the routes will be made better by this amend- 
ment. 
Mr. G WIN. Mr. President, I am in favor of 
this branch of the central route starting from the 
point indicated by the Senator from Missouri; 
but the bill as it comes from the House of Rep- 
resentatives leaves that an entirely open question. 
I preferred that the bill should indicate the mouth 
of the Kansas as the starting point; but it has 
been left open in order that the best point may be 
selected—end I have no doubt that is the best one 
—on the western border of the State of Missouri. 
But, sir, I cannot conceive of anything that would 
be more dangerous than the amendment of this 
bill as it came to us from the House of Represent- 
atives, on an immaterial point as to where the 
road shall start on the western border of Iowa 01' 
Missouri either; because either of those States 
will bc consulted, and their intcrcst must be con- 
sulted in the eastern terminus. 
If it starts from 
the mouth of the Kansas, it will be very easy to 
connect it from St. Joseph; it isa very short con- 
nection; and thc State of Missouri and the parties 
interested in thc route would, of course, start it, 
having the Government aid, frorn the furthest 
point, which is the Inouth of the Kansas. There- 
I do hope that the Scriator from Missouri 
will not press his tunendrnent„ for it is ahnost re- 
duccd to a certainty that, if the bill passes in its 
present form, the railroad will bc located at that 
verx point, because it will go in the neighborhood 
of St. Joseph, and there can be connected bene- 
ficially, and at Inuch less expense to the parties 
who are interested in that point, than if private 
I cnterpnse were to build it further north than the 
mouth of the Kansas. 
I hope the bill will not be amended as proposed 
by tl'C Senator. 
It is of such dangerous conse- 
quence to amend t hc bill at all unless on some 
vital point, as I conceive this is not, that I appeal 
to the friends of a Pacific railroad bill here not to 
vote in favor of this amendment. 
I have but a 
few words to add to what the Senator from New 
York said, so much better than I possibly could, 
this morning. It is impossible for us, in my judg- 
tnent., to nmcnd the bill as it came from the House 
without jeopardizing its passage during this Con- 
For myself, being in favor of only one 
gress. 
route, as he stated that hc was, preferring the bill 
to pass with provision for one route, I vote for 
this bili because I believe it is practicable not only 
to pass it throngh this body, but to build both 
routes. I shall, therefore, go against any amend- 
ment, and hope evcry friend of a Pacific rail- 
road whose views are not entirely embodied in 
this bill will do away with those objections which 
are not of vital consequence to his section, in 
order that we shall have the bill as it came from the 
tablished, that would so entirely carry out that II House passed through thc Senate; which will, to 
object of the bill, which is professed as one Of its u certainty, secure the building of both these 
main objects, to accommodate the United States 
I will say to my friend from Minnesota 
roads. 
in the transportation of military supplies and mu- that when the time comes, be it. to-morrow or 
nitions of war, and also in its mail and postal fa- 
next day, or any time while I am in the public 
cilitics. While that is so, it also accommodates 
service, I will stand by a separate bill to give him 
as have already said, the central States, and ac- 
what he wants—a route fronl Lake Superior to 
commodates them so that there is necessarily easy i Puget Sound. 
I have always been in favor of 
connection between the central line and the States 
every project that has been brought before the 
lying both south and north. 
It makes it, there- Senatc, since I have been here, for mail communi- 
fore, a central railroad so far as this branch is con- 
t cation 01' railroad communication on that route. 
If this bill had cokne from the House of Repre- 
nected. 
If, however, this road shall be started ata point sentatives providing for that route, I should vote 
materially north of that, then its connections, as for it with greater pleasure thall I do for the bill 
you go east, will be such as will meet the same 
with two routes, because it would create no dis- 
connections that are made with the fork of the satisfaction in any section of the country. If more 
road that is to start on the veet boundary of tho than one route is to be built, three would Satisfy 
all sections of the country. I appeal to him, and 
all those interested in his section of the country, 
not t' jeopardize this bill by tunending it; but 
rather trust to those who are ready and willing 
now to vote for a separate bill giving them pro- 
I believe we can pass 
cisely what they want. 
such a bill through both Houses of Congress. 
These remarks are intended to apply to all 
amendments to the bill. 
I hope x.ve shall pass it 
without amendment. I do not intend to cor)sume 
the time of the Senate in discussing this question. 
It is well known to all of us. We have had it 
under consideration for the last ten years. All I 
have to say is, that I am opposed to the amend- 
ment of the Senator from Missouri, although I 
am in favor of the point named by him as the 
terminus. I am opposed to the amendment of my 
friend from Minnesota, because it will jeopardize 
the bill; but I will vote for a separate Gill to-mor- 
row, or any day on which it may be brought for- 
ward, for the route which he has at heart; and i 
think it can be passed through the present Con- 
gress. 
Mr. RICE. I wish to do justice to thehonör- 
able Senator from California. I believe he has, on 
all occasions, voted for measures that would pro- 
mote the interests of my section of the country; 
and I must say to him that, from past experience, 
I have found ita losing business to part from good 
company; therefore prefer going along with him 
on this biil, and connect the interests of my State 
with those of his. 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, this process of 
legislation is to me very extraordinary. When 
the Constitution was frnrned, and the legislative 
power divided into two branches—one called the 
Scnate, representing the States, and the other the 
House of Representatives, representing the peo- 
ple—it was intended that. each body should delib- 
erate and pass in review upon all questions con- 
nected with the subject-matter presented to them, 
whether by indiviüual members of their own 
House, or by the other House. But now a new 
system is to be inau«rurated, and the Senate is to 
be muzzled, and its power is to be crippled, and 
its constitutional functions destroyed, by being 
told the other I louse will not do this, and that we 
Inust not do what our judgment dictates, we must 
not exercise that power with which we are in- 
because the other House will not agree to 
vested , 
I will not submit to that kind of legislation. 
it. 
I will take the responsibility imposed on me by 
the Constitution, and I will discharge my func- 
tions and my whole duty, whether the other 
House fulfill theirs or not. 
When a measure comes up here proposing to 
take more than out of the Treasury, 
and when we are seeking to throw it into the best 
possible shape to accommodate the people and 
the public interests, and we are told, Let it go 
wrong, let this money be wasted, 
because. if we 
do not Ict it go this way it cannot go at all," 
we 
are, in point of fuct• .nullifying the Constitution 
that made us a coördinate branch of the Legisla- 
ture, by pursuing such a coarse. We ought to 
discharge our duty as our judgments dictatb. 
I have heard it said sounetin-lcs,atld I have heard 
it rebuked for being said, that if certain measures 
werc passed the President would veto them. The 
rebuke always was this: Each departrnent must 
discharge its own duty in its own way, and leave 
the others to meet the case just as it is presented to 
them." But the Senator from Califörnia is at 
fault in another thing. He says that if we make 
this chanee now we defeat the whole bill. 
Mr. GWIN. Jeopardize it. 
Mr. GREEN. Jeopardize (he whole bill; but 
yet hc said before he closed II-hat he had no doubt 
we could pass a separate bill proposing the same 
thing. 
Mr. GWIN. The Senator will permit me to 
correct him. 
Mr. GREEN. Certainly. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 said 1 had no doubt thatama- 
jority of the Senate and House of Representatives 
were in favor of a norlhern route; that is to say, 
from Lake Superior. 
Mr. GREEN. Oh, 00. 
Mr. GWIN. Yes, from Lake Superior to 
Puget Sound. I may be mistaken in this opin- 
ion; but that is what I said. I said that if this 
bill becarne a law, l, at least, was in favor of an- 
I do not know whether 
other bill for that route. 
it will paea Or notg but I believe it will, 
