258 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEo 
January 5, 
The argument " of deep snow," so much writ- 
ten about, is hardly worth a reply, as there is not 
a railroad in any of our northwestern States, cer- 
tainly not one in Canada, that does not, on the 
return of each winter, undergo as many trials 
from this much-exaggerated cause as -would any 
of • the contemplated lines for the road; as it is 
equally true that there is scarcely a railway in 
Germany, nono loading through the mountains of 
Styria, Switzerland, and the Tyrol, which is not 
occasionally covered with snoi,v to the depth of 
several feet, and which does not at times require 
embånlcments of snow to be thrown up to the 
height of eight ten feet to allow a train to pass. 
The French marshal, Lacourbe, lost some tcn 
thousand men on his march through the Tyrol 
by ravines and precipices; yet, over such roads, 
a railway is nos,v constructed on which Austria, 
during the last Italian campaign, in three days, 
infantry, cav- 
transported thirty thousand men, 
alry, and artillery, with horses, am munition, and 
If the Austrians, who are not the most 
cannon. 
enterprising people in tho world, can wind a rail- 
way halfa dozen tirnes round a steep an(l barren 
who Mr. Web- 
mountain, why should we, ' 
ster observed in his letter to Chevalier I-Iulseman] 
cover so much more of the earth's surface," why 
should we bc unablc to do the same thing in Amer- 
ica? As tho Sardinians undertake to tunnel the 
Alpg, why should we st.and aghast at the mere 
recital of obstacles which, after all, we may be 
so fortunate us not to encounter? 
The objection also made to the northern route, 
as to its inutility in winter fi•orn thc 
' cxtrenne 
severity" of the climate, is not worthy of reply, 
except to remind Senators that it has not bccn 
many years since he who went from the extremc 
cast of our country, as it now is, to the valley of 
thc Ohio or Mississippl, was supposed to 
himself as a nuu•tyr (to the inhospitable clima-to) 
in the advancincr eau.se of our institutions. Curi- 
caturcs were li)ubhshed, representing a rnan in 
the emi(rrant 
good condition, plunl\_) und fat., as 
going from New England to Ohio, and a lean and 
gaunt-lookin(Y ficyurc, shiveEil)0' in rags and tal- 
ters, as the cmiarant returning from Ohio. The 
valley of' the Mississippi itself Y,va.s a wilderness 
guarded by phanton)ss of dire disease and diffi- 
cully. Fertility and barrennesfJ are relative terms, 
and cannot, with the present means of fertiliza- 
tion, be applied in an absolute sense to any coun- 
try • 
The last census of Russia shows a population 
of upwards of four million in the irihospitable 
regions of Siberia; and that a penal colony, gov- 
erned by military rule, and certainly not invitino• 
population. Yet even Siberia will have her rail- 
roads before Iliany years, as she now bas her mil- 
itary roads connecting tho Pacific ocean hVith St 
In this connection, ono strikinx fact certainly 
conunands itself' to our attention, as to the 
trcme scvcrit.y alluded to above, to wit: 
in o the r 
have now a senii-xvecldy " pony expr.ss, 
words, an established northcr•ib route to the Pa- 
cific, on 'w' Ilich , n t h c slow procrress 
of transportation as hVith 
and allirnals live and do well, show irrr conclu- 
l}hysical conditions of' that route 
Bively Ihal the 
are. equal, at least, t(.) an V other advocated line. 
illust not Corget, Mr. President, that when 
the nortl'lcrn portion of this cori tinent discov- 
erod, the whole of.' it was considered an inhospita- 
human life. What a poor country, indeed, this other commodity produced by southern slave 
Inust have appeared to thc settle.E,s; and how prov- labor. If the fast increasing population of Kansas 
idential for the development of the resources of and Nebraska need one, the South cannot com- 
this continent was the discovery of the precious plain, and contractors will the readily re- 
metals buried in the goroeg and river beds of the spond, when the choice is offered them between a 
Sierras! These only attracted the cupidity of the northern and southern routc, and no forced direc- 
tion is attempted to their enterprise. 
early emim•ants, for surely all our agricultural 
capacities werc undeveloped to them. And yet And now, i ask Senators, if the two routes be 
it is only the analogy of received impressions, 110t actually commenced, prosecuted, and conducted 
to their final -termination, would not the whole 
the actual fact, which exists between tbe condi- 
country gain by this double achievement? Would 
tion of thosc regions und the conditions of our 
Atlantic coast at the time of its discovery by the it not vastly add to our power as a nation? N/Vould 
it not consolidate our interests? Would it not 
Europeans. 
The poor and desolate looking lands occupied vastly add to, would it not more than double, our 
by the North American Indians were no proof I means of national defense? Would the sirnulta- 
of their unproductiveness, under the influence of neous prosecution two routes not excite the 
emulation of both? Would there not be an hon- 
industry and labor; and uothing can demonstrate 
cst struggle between them as to which shou!d 
the existence of an irreclaimable waste in the tem- 
porate zones but the actual failure of intelligent first complete its task? And would there not 
cultivators of the soil 'to obtain from it the neces- also be some wholesome competition in regard to 
the faithful execution of the work? There are, 
I am fully satisfied 
sary means of subsistence. 
that even now large portions of our western wilds indeed, many reasous which•, independent of (he 
will well compare in natural facilities with some difficulty of making Congress aorec on one route, 
of the most cherished portions of out country; and should induce us to vote for the two. The charo•e 
we may safi-dy conclude that the time will conu-) of monopoly could not aseasily be brought against 
when of our public laxlds, now pronounced two as acyainst one; and the polit.ica} power and 
which some apprehend such com- 
barren and worthless, will be considered as irre- influence, 
claimable." We, too, may have our Berlins, Mu- 
nichs, and St. Petersburghs—ccnters of civiliza- 
tion in the midst of former inhospitable regions, 
rendered valuable and productive by tho hands of 
industry and the genius of labor; and that at no 
greatdistance! 'i'heeventsotcenturiesau•e crowded 
into decades, and the world itself is now moved 
by steam and electricity. 
I repeat, Mr. President, that thcrc is nothing in 
the explorations of any of' the proposed routes of 
the Pacific rail '.vay to the belief, and much 
less tho conviction expressed as such, that any 
one of them is absolutely impracticable, though 
there rnay bc reasons of distance and facility for 
the preference to one of the rn over others. 
I, too, nMty have In y preference, bascd on certain 
but in matter of 
probabilities and experience ; 
such ('rave importance, I think it. 
an honest 
dencc to Inalcc a liberal 
allowalic,c for 
diversity of opinion, and a grca(.er or jess bias in 
favor of one of tho 01 her rou tes, prcnnptcd by local 
or creocyt•aphic.al reasons. Self interest to our own 
pany would be likely to wield, would certainly 
bc more harnfless when divided between, and 
exercised by, two of them. 
Mr. President, have thus endeavored to an- 
swer alk the objections urged against this great 
measure, and have stated, as concisely use could, 
arn guided by no 
my views in relation to it. 
other motive than an ardent desire to serve t.he 
who havo honored rno, and to have 
in roy judgment, so 
tho country also brought, 
much nearer the fulfillnient of its destiny. I have 
heretofore labored, and have now spoken, to rec- 
I oncile conflicting opinions, as far as it could be 
done; and endeavored, above all things, to avoid 
I sincerely desire to 
the charge of sectionalism. 
remove, as far as possible, all sources of disagree- 
rnent and discord on extraneous topics, in order 
that. our view of the measure itself may not be ob- 
scured by political mi.vivings and doubts in re- 
' gard to ourselves—doubts which can only lessen 
i us in the eyes of the civilized world, and which, 
unfortunately for the prestige of our common coun- 
try, have, for some years past, palsied our legis- 
more or less, 
immediate sect.ion of' country will, 
lation on all national subjects, and enervated our 
conflict even with Roman devotion to patriotic 
duty; and we are bound, therefore, to take these i policy till we have seriously endangered—but not 
and many other things—even the prejudices of' too late to return—that universal respect and ad- 
. not the adop- rniration which greeted the birth of our nation, 
men 
and cheered our earlier national exploits. 
Mr. POLK. The amendment that I havc of- 
fered, Mr. President, is to a single point; and I 
have not, in anything that I have said, and I th ink 
I shall not, in anyt.hing I shall say, go into the 
general merits of this bill. I conctu• in very much 
Chat has been said by the Senator from Ohio. 
ntuuely: a southern route, south of the thirty- wish to make one before I go 
inune.diately into the merits of this amendinent, 
and that is, it n'lav turn out that this bill is a grand 
speculation; and if it is so, the bill proposes to 
it into- the hands of about forty gentlemen 
i, selected out of the thirty million of these United 
States; to give it ail to thorn, and leave it to them, 
so that nobody else can in, unless they are 
, adlnittcd by a votc of the majority of these forty. 
But, Mr. President, as I said, I think that, on 
the amendrncnt I have offered, such considera- 
tions as that are not in piace exactly. 
that the ground of the ob- 
But it turns out now, 
jection to the amendrnent on the part of the Sen- 
from California who has last spoken, is 
ator 
tion of the wisest and best measures that can be 
suo'(ycstcd, at least the sucross of' those which se- 
cure Illc greatest general good with the Icast indi- 
vidual sacrifice, 
real 0k' 
I am '.villino• to meet all v; ho differ with me in 
regard to the route to solec,t.ed in a spirit of eon- 
advocate of two rou tes, 
cession; for I tun the 
, and a northern route north of that 
T \Vish to 
latitude, as named in the present bilL 
aid of both of them; both to 
see lands granted in 
have, tho same facilities, in the shape of con tracts 
with the Governrnent for Illc transportation of t hc 
troops, and In iiitarv stores. I not afraid 
that capitalist.'*, North 0k' South , will invest pnoney 
in unprofitable enterprises; and still I dis- 
posed to believe that they will go to work blind- 
folded, without a proper H) vestigation of thc (lifä- 
cul lies of the route, aud thn probable reinunerative 
is said to returns the outlay of hard rnoney, in the shape 
blc Tithe very name, " Canada, 
wish 
be derived frorn Spanish words signifying" where lands, fit for cuitiva[ion and settlernent. 
to leave it 10 t.he cornpanies named to select the 
there is nothing. 
It was, for a long time, con- 
sidered doubtful whether Europeans could livc best and Inost productive routes, willi a view to necessarily removcd by the admission he makes 
himself, that if this bill vests rights in a corpo- 
the fu ture development of the cou n try, feeling 
on this contil'lent at all; Plymouth Rock, and oven 
ration of the kind indicatcd by the Senatoi• from 
iD0(le of procedurc will not only 
assured that this; 
Virginia, otientimes despaired of success. The 
Maine, (of which I think there can be no doubt 
secure, tbc building of' the road, also the adop- 
explorers of those days wct•c no )norc capable of ; i 
on! y route (if there is to be at all,) then he himself will vote for an amend- 
tion of the best at 
a correct estimate of the value and ca- , 
ii but one) can be se}ected. Money is neither ment that shall correct that abuse, Then, sir, 
pacity ()f' our present soil than we ourselves are 
national nor sectional; IS, all the world over, a we are not, on thc admission of the Senator from 
able to at their (fill value, 
the 
I I goes wherever it finds the I California, to take this bi 
• II iust as it catne from 
neutral comnxoditv. 
powci' and luagnificence of our western wilds one 
on the ground 
the I-louse without amendment, 
conditions Inost favorable to its employment, irre- 
or t. M.ro centuries hence. 
of any that we are iO have that or nothing. 
spective of patriotislii, 01' love or 
This whole continent, IV_Ir. President, seems to 
Again: the Scnator fron) Caiifor.nia who first 
sort. It has no likes or distläaus beyond itself,and 
bc much younger than either Asia, Africa, or 
spoke on this subject admits, and not a Senator 
il a direction incon- 
no law can permanently guv 
Europe, and to have been sct aside by Providence 
who has spoken on the amendment has denied it, 
the southern route 
snstent its 1k) 
for tho greatest and noblest experin'lent in social i 
that it is a proper amendment; that. it is right in 
is the best, and promises 
t.hc crreatost renumera- 
and political science. At the time of its discovery 
itself; that it is just to the country. 
tivo return, southern Senators Inay depend on it 
tbc domestic animals necessary to nu-in s success- 
MY. GWIN.• 1 did not. 
northern cap".alists be as ready to invest their 
ful cultivation of the soil, and to the assertion Of 
IMP. POLK. I said the Senator from California 
his over inanlrnate nature, were wantincy•, as I 
rnonev, as they are now ready to trade and earn 
commissions on cotton, sugar, coffee, rice,or any 'i who first spoke admitted it; and then i said, no 
likewise the lend incr cereals which to snstain 
