1861. 
„THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
259 
Senator who has spoken on the subject has de- 
Mr. G WIN. If the Senator will permit me, I 
said I was in favor of that as the terminus. 
not say it was a proper amendment; but I thovht 
it was the place where the route should properly 
start, but it was. too important Lo pass t.hc bill to 
make it definite in that point; 
and furthermore, 
as I said in my subsequent remarks, the question 
had been decided in the other House, and had 
been voted down, and therefore it would endan- 
ger the bill to insert the amendment in it. 
of Representatives Inay assume in refusing to do II Now, hope that the Senate; by its vote upon 
what is just, in refusin<r to do what ought to be the amendment of the Senator • from Missouri, 
done. 
I will only add that a refusal of -that sort will indicate that it will not amend the-bill Of the 
wili not make me submit to do what I do not think House. If you once commence amending .1hat 
is ri2ht. 
bill, we have already got noticc of many others 
I do not kilow what has been the action of -the that are to -be proposed , an(hhe result will-be that 
House; 
be a w ror•r impression in 
it wili be -destroyed. The Senate bill itself will 
regard to the infÖrmation I have had of it; but L be destroyed. it cannot get through this body. 
recollect hearit)ff a gentleman say that this -biil,as The tmn»nent we commence adopting amendments 
it passed the House, passed as an amendment to to tho bill, it svill bc cut all .to pieces. The Sena- 
\ an amendment; and, as understood, it passed the I tor from Ohio has indicated that hc is •to 
I-louse in such wise as that by the parliamentary propose amendments, as has also the-other Suna- 
Mr POLK. I do not see the difference betwixt rules such amendments could not be offered as tor from Missouri', [Mr. GREEN.] The objections 
admitting that the point of departure fixed in the would make it acceptable to many members of i indicated by Senators must show those who are 
bill is the proper point, the onc that the Sena- that House—I will not saya majority—and there- 
tor prefers, arid saying that the amendment is a fore it was put to the House, take this or noth- 
proper one. So fur as that point is concerned, ing," just as it is attempted to put it to this Sen- 
that is all that have just said. 
I am willinr-» 
' takc this or nothing, because the House 
I am not prepared, 
however, to be corrected by the Senator, and if will not take anything else.' 
the Senator from California who spoke last denied on the rumors I have heard, to admit that that is 
that the amendment is a proper amendment, am I true. 
I am not prepared to believe, as far as I 
willing to be corrected in that regard. 
have had intelligence on this subject, but that this 
Mr.' LA 'l' HAM. I neithcl' adrnitted nor denied f bill might be amended so that ii would be more i 
it. I simply said it was encumbcring the bill with 
an amendment upon which the other branch- had 
passed its judgment; and therefore deemed it 
entirely unnecessary to attempt to force it now 
on the bill, unless he could show that the failure 
to pass it would open the door to some. o•reat 
fraud that might be committed. That is what 
I said, and X.vhat I repeat. 
Mr. POLK. That is just what 1 said—that 
no Sei'Y1tor had taken the posilion of denying that 
the amendment was right in itself, and was cal- 
culated to advancc the great objects of the bill. 
'That is exactly what I said; arid I think the re- 
marks that have just fallen from thc Senator from 
California justify that assertion on my part. 
T hen, Mr. President, we come to this: that 
when au tuncndmeut is proposed to a bili in t 
Senate, a coördinatc branch of the national Legis- 
latnrc, we arc not to votc for it, although wc kYiay 
believe it to bc right and proper, and the very 
thing that the 
bill requires, because the bill will 
be by it; because the bill cannot pass in the 
House. 
{ , for one, have never been willing to , 
allow myself to be controlled by a. consideration 
hope that the Senate. will do, and 
of that sort. 
I intend as an individual, if can, to do what is 
right, and let the responsibility of defeating the 
right fall on the other House, or whei•ever else it 
may belong. 
acceptable to the House than it. is in the shape in i 
which it corncs hcrc. But, as I said, I shall not 
bc bound by such considerations as that. The 
simplc question now before the Senate is as to the 
propriety of this amendment. 
I think the Sena- 
lor from Ohio, my colleague, and other gentlemen, 
have made that are vital to this bill; 
in favor of a Pacific railroad bill—the House 
bill—that if we commence this system of amend- 
ment at this period of the session and the present 
state of the country, we can get no legislation at 
all. Therefore, 
I hope the amendment of tho 
Senator from Missouri will be voted down. 
The (Mr. F00T in 
the chair.) T hc question is on the amendment 
bf the Senator from Missouri [Mr. POLK] to the 
original bill. 
Mr. GREEN. I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The yeas anQnays were ordered. 
Mr. G WIN. As the Senate is not full, and 
there are several members absent who perhaps 
did not expect the vote to be taken to-day, I pro- 
pose that the bill go over; and therefore move 
that look to amendments which ought to be put an adjournment, so that we can in & full Senate 
in it; and when those amendments are offcrcd in vote on this question. 
I think it is vital to the 
proper form * have no doubt they will control measure 
the vote of a majority of this Senate; they will Mr. LATHAM. I hope not; I think my col- 
certainly control' mine; but, at present, I do not 
wish to present anything to the Senate beyond 
which is contained in this simple amendment, and 
it seems to me 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOOT in 
the cliair.) -M/ iiE the Senator from Missouri sus- 
pend his remarks for a moment? T hc Chair re- 
spectfully suggcsts to gentlemen on the floor that 
there a general and loud conversation prevail- 
ing which seriously interferes with business, and 
dislurbs the order of the body. 'The Chair re- 
quests that it be suspended. 
Mr. POLK. Mr. lwlll not detain the 
Senate. 
I myself am in favor of a proper Pacific 
railroad bill. Ido notdesire to occupy the time that 
should be devoted to that measure, and therefore I 
will say nothing tnore at present on the subject. 
M E'. G WIN. I shall not detain the Senate in 
Now, sn•, on this subject I wish to say—and I discussing this question. 
From the discussion 
that we have had, it is very apparent. there is 
do not to say anything that is not pertinent 
very little hope of passing a Pacific railroad bill 
to this particular amendmen I—that somebody 
got LO fix the, terminus of this road by this bill, in 
through the Senate. MT e are having exhibited 
now what I have seen for ten years; that the Pa- 
the svestcrn border of tbe State Of By cific railroad is always destroyed by its friends, 
rators. Now, there are forty of them. and six- and not by its enernies. is the conflict between 
teen of the forty are in the States of New York the opinions of those in favor of a Pacific rail- 
road that has been its destruction in this body 
and Pennsylvania. 
ever since I have bccn a mekDber of it. 
Mr. BRAGG. Fifty-two. 
-we have heard half a dozen speeches to-day, 
Mr. POLK. I mean those on this side of the 
President, and all from the friends of a Pa- 
I do not take California into tbc ac- 
mounta:ns. 
cific railroad. Why, sir, if bad been so dis- 
I leave out the corporators i_n California, 
count. 
as they are indifferent, I suppose, to w lwre. t.he I posed, I could havc picked out many flaws in this 
- bill. There are many points in which I would 
term us shall be on this side. of the Rocky Mount 
ains. Sixteen are in the States of Pennsylvania havo it amcnded if I could; but the moment I 
and New York; ten of them in the State of New should have obtained my amendment, it would 
York. Thus the State of New York is to have have been unacceptable to other friends of the bill, 
one. fourth of all the voice in determining where and would have been its destruction. That is to 
be the fate of this bill evidently, if gentlemem do 
this road shall -start in the State of Missouri. 
league is laboring under a mistake. 
Mr. GWIN. very well. 
I withdraw. the 
motion. 
The question being taken- by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 35, nays 23; as follows: 
YEAS—Mcssrs. Anthony, Bayard, 
Benjamin, Bigler, 
Bingham, Bragg, Bright, Clingtnan, Crittenden, Durkee, 
Fessenden, Fitzpatrick, Green, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson 
of' Arkansa.ö, Kiug, Lane. Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Polk, 
Powell, Pugh, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Simtnons, Sli- 
dell, 'I'e.n Eyck, Thomson, Too:nbs, Wilkinson, Wilson, 
and Yulee—35. 
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Brown, Clark, Collamer, Davis, 
Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Crilnee, 
Gwin, ilarlan. Hemphill, Johnson of Tennessee, Latham, 
Nicholson, Seward, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Wig- 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. BRAGG. I offer un amendment to insert 
at the end of the first section of the bill: 
Nor until said acts of incorporation shali be submitted 
to and approved by the Congress of the United States. 
Mr. LANE. I desire to make an inquiry, if 
the Senator from North Carolina will allow me, 
as to whether it 'Will be in order to go back to 
amend the section after vve have added u clause at 
the end of it. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's 
amendment wikl be. iu order after the disposal of 
the pending amendment. The question is on the 
amendmcnt by the Senator from North 
Carolina. 
Mr. BRAGG. Mr. President, my purpose in 
rising now is, not to discuss the merits of this 
bill at all, but simply to explain the amendment 
which I havc moved, and othm•s by which I ex- 
pect to have it fi)llowed in case it is adopted—and 
one indeed whether it isadoptcd or not—and which 
I deem to be necessary in order to perfect the bill; 
for, if it is to pass at all, i desire to see it passed 
not give up some porti0Y)s of their opinions in 
in a shape in which it will be in some degrcc safe 
Missouri has but four. Missouri will have 
in selecting the point order that wyc mav consolidatc a majority in favor for the country. It appropriates a very large 
the corporators of this bill, 
amount of means in the way of bonds, and of the 
in Iba.t State, but one tenth part of the- power of of some measure that can pass through the Sen- 
ate. I agree with the honorable Senator who now public lands; and f think it is our duty, notwith- 
detorminine• where the road shall be in her borders, 
, standing it is said here repeatedly that we. must 
occupies the chair, [Mr. F00T,] that we must con- 
and New York will have one fourth. 
not touch this hill at ali by way of amendment, to 
There are some other things connected with this i cent.t•atc•, we must give up our objections to one 
Is there a Senator who does not know that i of the two propositions before th•e Senate—that see that it is not defi.•ctive; if we see any defects, 
just as soon as you agree to thc corporators herc proposed by the Senator fronl Minnesota or the to endeavor to amend it, and make it as perfect as 
, therefore, I tun not disposed 
House bifl—or we cannot passa hill through this possible. For one 
narnod, you fix {he point of departure in that bill? 
There are 'i to listen to any such sucrgestions as were made 
I have no doubt that chat is already a settled point. f' body. I do not intend to discuss it. 
a great Inany provisions in the bill which would by the Senators from California—that we are not 
Whether it is so I say; I do not know; 
have. ! not bc put there it' I had the making of it, and to amend this in the slightest particular, be- 
but these corporators can determine it. 
could make a bill that would pass through both cause_, forsooth, it may fail it• we touch it iri any 
no doubt it is determined at this moment. 
I shall act upon no such prin- 
I am in favor of one route, and con- II respect whatever. 
I-louses. 
do not wish myself, as one of the ii 
Now, sir, 
members of this bfidv,to delegate the power that is centrating the whole power of the Government II c.iple as that. But now, sir, to the amendment. 
Those who have read the bill—and, I presume, 
upon that: make it a perpetual road, and after- 
vested mc by the position that I occupy, to the 
m:njority of the forty men that are selected by this wards, as the necessities of' the Government may every Senator here has—will see that it provides 
in the first section, in the first place, that certain 
bili out of all the worthy citizens of these United require, build others. Bat. how can we ever pass 
i Pacific railroad bill through the two Houses of i gentlemen named—fifty-two in number, I believc 
I cannot give my consent to do it. 
States. 
—shall bc allowed to obtain acts of incorporation 
IS said that this amendment. will jeopardize M Congress unless we (Five up some of our opinions? 
i shall not add to what I have already II If we persist in then-I, we destroy any prosoectof for themselves, and for such others as a 
I of them may designate; and that bonds if) the 
said, in regard to the responsibility that the House passing the bill. 
