260 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 5, 
amount of shall, on certain terms 
named in the bill, be delivered to these corpora- 
tors, and lands be set aside for the purposes and 
lb is provided 
to the amount stated in the bill. 
in the bill that, before the title to these lands shall 
vest in these gentlemen, and before these bonds 
shall be defivered to them, certain acts of incor- 
poration shall be obtained from the different States 
and Territories through v.zhich this line of railroad 
is proposed to be constructed. Something was 
said about that by the Senator from Missouri, 
(Mr. GREEN,) and an allusion was made to it, 
It 
Chink, by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. PUGH.] 
strikes me as most extraordinary legislation, in 
the first place, to select certain named gentlemen, 
and to give them the exclusive power of selecting 
their associates; and, in the next place, we are to 
give them very great privileges, and to bestow 
upon them an immense amount of money in the 
way of bonds of this Government, besides lands, 
and xall that, without knowing what privileges 
they are to obtain from the different States and 
rrcrritories through which this line of railroads is 
to be constructed, how long they are to last, what 
amount of capital is to be llaised for the purpose, 
anything about it. The whole matter is left 
to these individuals, controlled alone by the action 
of the States and Territories through which this 
kine of railroad is proposed to be constructed. In 
other words, the bill, as it now stands, allows a 
perpetuity to these gentlemen. There is no limit 
whatever to the corporate privileges which they 
may obtain from the States and r l'erritorios through 
which this line of road ig to pass; and, as was 
well said by the Senator frotli Maine, [Mr. FES- 
SENDEN,) there is no power contained in this bili 
by which Congress can control these corpora tors 
r.?here is but one pro- 
in the slightest (lem•ee. 
vision, as I stated before, looking to that, and that 
is Ihat, in case these proposed corporators, 
they have obtained those acts of' Incorporation, 
fail to discharge the duties which they asstnne t 
they forfi„qt all 
discharge. under this bill, 
and tlieir rights and franchises go to 
It, 
ot.ller corporations, 10 be forrned and to be recei ved 
by this Govern tmnt. as the parties under tl'ie bill; 
then, and in that case, the Government im- 
pose other and additional terms; but in that case 
alone is that retained to Congress. 
It will be seen at once by the Senate, I think, 
that this is an immense power (riven to these gen- 
tlernen, and given to t.hem without limit and with- 
out. control. Ought •,.ve to do that? The amend- 
ment whicl'h I have, offered is, that this act shall 
not tilke effect so far as vesting the bonds and the 
Innds in these (rent\emen is concerned, until the 
of incorporation which thcy shall obtain shall 
be first subt•nitled to and approved by Congress. I 
It is n 
think we ought to exact that from them. 
I-natter of too nluc,h itn portanc,e for us to in trust 
just such powers as they can obtain 
thein with 
t•ro nl tho Stales and r I'errit,ocic.y through which 
this liuc of railroad bc constru ctcd. 
ought not. to them such 
sec wn to Ine that 
posed to vest in them upon certain conditions and 
in certain contingencies. 
Mr. HARLAN. 1 desire to ask the Senator 
from North Carolina if his amendment does not 
propose to retain jurisdiction in Congress over 
the laws hereafter to be passed by the States of 
the Union ? 
Mr. BRAGG. If the Senator will hear tho 
amendment read—I ask theQClerk to read it—he 
will sec that its only effect is, not to give them 
what this bill proposes to give them until we ap- 
prove of the acts that may be passed by the States 
or Territories. Certainly •wre have the power to 
withhold what is our own until we approve of 
what it is said they shall first do before they can 
obtain these benefits which we propose to bestow 
upon them—nothing more, nothing less. It does 
not interfere with State legislation at all. Cer- 
tainly we ought to retain the negative, and for that 
reason I object to the bill in its present shape, and 
for that reason I have offered the amendment. 
Now I ask the Clerk to read the whole proviso as 
it will stand if amendment be agreed to. 
r rhc Secretary read, as follows: 
'Phnt the said persons and their asso- 
Provided further, 
ciates shall not be or bcconne vested with any grant, right, 
or interest ilitQ11ded to be secured bv the provisions or this 
act otherwise than in a corporate character and capacity, 
to first acquired by thenn or such of thern as shall ac- 
cept the tenns and conditions of this act, within the terri- 
torial and State jurisdictions into and through which t.he 
railroad contemplated by this act shall be constructed, nor 
until said acts of incorporatiorl shall bc submitted to and 
approved by the Congress or the United States. 
Mr. PUGH. I syn)pathize with the general 
proposition of the Senator f'rorn North Carolina; 
and yet it' wc ever can save the delay which his 
I am 
anw•ndmcnt Inn y cause, I would prefer it. 
averse to the close corporation rnentioned in the 
e-en t.lernen and letting thorn 
l)il!, selectin«r certain 
as.socialcs, and letting thorn shut 
choose their 
I would rather sec that part 
everybody else out. 
of the bill reconstructed, and appoint these gen- 
any o t.he comn•) issioners to 
books of subscription, and let the su t.)scribers have 
the benefit of the grant, and then they rnay be in- 
ra t.ed at, t ho d iscrelion of the Legislatures of 
I object io the exclu- 
thc States and ' rerritorics. 
II 
If we wttit. for these (rentlemeri to 
sive.ncss of it. 
eyet acts of incorporation, they rnay not get thern•, 
they froin one State or one r I'crrUory, and 
not from another. As the Senator from Mis- 
souri truly remarked, the whole enterprise 'nay 
break down frotn the non-acl,ion of the Territory 
of Utah. She rnay refuse to give any act of in- 
corporation, and then you have no railroad by the 
terms of the bill. 
I am struck also by the fact, that I cannot now 
recollect any provision in this bill, whereby Con- 
press or the Governnoent can, at any future time, 
the owner of this work by purchase. 
think there was such a provision In the bill we 
had bci'ore us two years since, and [ should like 
to know whether it has been omitted from this bill 
framed, and upon which the grant bv Congress is 
to be made, is so objectionablc that; if gentlemen 
will for one monaent reflect upon it, 
it is impos- 
Sible that anybody can vote for it. What is [he 
proposition, sir? The proposition is, by bill, to 
select fifty-three citizens of the United States; to 
select them from fourteen States, leavinr-r nineteen 
States out; and tö give to these fifty-three individ- 
uals, thus selected from fourteen States, control 
over and do not know how many 
million acres of public lands. 
The bill proceeds, if it is worth anything at all, 
upon the supposition that by granting ths privi- 
leges contained in the bill, you will induce unen 
to encaoe in this work because they can make 
If that is not the purpose, the 
money out ot it. 
bill falls without effect. No man will ever en- 
gage in this enterorise and invest in it his rneans, 
his labor, and his time, except upon the expecta- 
tion that he will make money by so doing. It is 
If this bill, then, 
a purely industrial enterprise. 
as by its theory it must, confers privileges upon 
its corporators or grantees, upon what basis can 
this Congress undertake to select fifty •three indi- 
viduals in the United States residing in fourteen 
States out of the thirty-three, and give them the 
whole ? for is what this bill does—no 'nore, 
no less. The bill, after selece.ing, this number of 
citizens, provides that the whole of the grants con- 
tained in it. of land and money shall go to them 
and to such persons as a majority of them shall 
admit as their associates. 
The State of Kentucky is generously provided 
for in the bill. One of her citizens is picked out 
that may share in the benefits of the bill. The 
State of Tennessee also, with the kind consider- 
ation of those who have provided us with the 
arrangements made in this bill, will have one cit- 
izen within its limits provided with a share of the 
benefit. New York takes ten, Pennsylvania six, 
Ohio four, Indiana four, Illinois four, Missouri 
four, Iowa four, California four. Where are the 
other States? Have they seceded, are they to 
bc expelled? If there is to be any opportunity 
the citizens of the other States of the Union 
to take any interest in the grants contained in 
, let some provision be made, by which 
each citizcu of thc United States, upon agreeing 
to coy) tribute his share of money and responsi- 
bility towards the building of this road, shall 
I-lave his share of the advantages conferred by it. 
Now, certainly with this feature in the bill, it 
does not seem to me that any gentleman '.vho is 
here to legislate for the Union and not for a job, 
can give his consent to any such scheme as this. 
You observe, sir, that there is no provision in 
this bill by which the citizens of the United States 
under any circulnstances can share in its benefits, 
without the consent ofa majority of men whom 
you picked out yourselves as the grantees. 
not know inany of these gentlemen. They may be 
very good and very proper gentlemen to be the 
recipients of such a great favor of Congress; but 
If there is no way by i has any connnittee of this body examined into 
i by accident. or design; 
the nan')es of the. persons who are to be these 
an irn ot' the public (l ornain, and of which we can ever pu rchas•e the road, and these 
I-noncy, without knowing how it is to persons may corporators in perpetuity, grantees? Who has selected them ? We are told 
th<'i p u l.)lic 
It will certainly be a very great obstacle to the by the Senator from California that we must not 
be managed, and by whon), and to what extent, II 
change this bill, or it is gone; so that we are not 
colonization and settlernent the new 'l'erritories. 
and how long t.hese powers ure to continue. 
It all, however, cotnes back to what I said ut only to givc thcsc great powers and privileges, 
INow, sir, -if the amendment bc adopted, as I 
ink it ought to , tile only oflöctQfit which can be 
cornpläined of will be thtlt it inay delay this great 
work a little. Gentlemen are in hot haste 
eun be no great xtvl)iEc before 
it into operation. 
acts of' incorporation, if they can be obtained 
all, will be obtained and submitted to Con(rress. 
We Shall then know what we are doing; we shall 
if this amendment be 
the acts before us. 
have 
adopted, or if it be not adopted, I expect to follow 
it with one providing that those acts of incorpo- 
in so rnany and grants of land and rnonc•y to a body ot• men; 
I think the i.)ill needs revision 
places to a-uard against. abuse, und to guard ü2ainst we ure not only to have fifty-three in the 
what may turn out to be a injury to the l')ub- United States picked out to whom these grants 
are to be given, but we are not even allowed thc 
that, while _t tun disinciined to vote 
an 
privilege of picking out the men to whom 
operation of the 
arnendrnent. that. will delay 1 lie 
if it is to pass, I repeat, that, in 11) y judg- these privileges are to be given. They are picked 
rnent, the best thil)g• the Senator frotn California out in advance for us, and we are told we must 
can do with It. is to conunitit to a select connnittee., not. change I'lame•, we must not change a pro- 
or to one of the standing committees of the Sen- vision; we must take the whole scheme just as it 
is, or II othing ait. 
ate, because it is just now w herc a f'cw individ- 
i Now, is this serious legislation? Do gen tlemen 
ration shall have a limit, that they shall not be 
uals, or fifty of thörn, control the whole thing. 
1M r. POLK. I wish to say that I find Ihat in propose to us seriously to adopt any such scheme 
I have no idea, for one, that we 
perE)0tuitics. 
I do 
Is anybody going to vote for it? 
as this? 
the renuu•ks madc sometime acro to the Senate, 
shall I-nake this grant to these gentlemen, or to 
not. know where this scheme originated; I do not 
I had 1')0t Inade a right estimate ot• the number of 
any other corporators, and Ihat the corporate priv 
know who picked out these names; do nol know 
ileaes, if they can obtain such privile'rcs from the the-so corporators. 
I find that the Senator frorn 
State Legislatures or from the 'Ilerritorial Assem- Nort.h Carolina was right in the nuunber, and that what scheme or what speculation may be behind 
I do not know what bodies of men may have 
, it; 
I wish it to be like any I I was in error. 
biies, shali last förevcr. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I should like to ask the boughl tracts of land at particular points through 
other corporation; I wish it to have a corporate 
existence ()nly for a term of years, and that Senators from California, whether there is any ii which they intend this road to run, in order to 
provision in this bill to prohibit these corporators make fortunes out of it. All these matters none 
I propose to leave blank. The amendment that 
If there be of us, of course, know anythinst about but those 
I now offer is simply that these acts shall be first frorn exercising banking privileges. 
submitted to and approved by Congress before the not, it seen'hs to me there should be some restric- who concocted the bill. Who concocted it? Does 
any man here know? I should like to have some 
po rues shali bc enti tlcd to the privileges €rranted lion of that 
införrnation. 
Mr. BFNJAMIN. Mr. President, it appears 
by this bill, and beföre they shall become entitled 
II ' Mr. LATHAM. 1 will answer the Senator. 
to rne that the theory upon which this bill is 
to the property and to the money which it is pro- 
