1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
263 
body, to its special committee, its majority and 
minority report; and if he knew it, he was bound 
to have referred to it, because then he must have 
understood better than he seems to understand 
the character o? the proposition which i suggested 
in lieu of that which was before us, because it 
has been before.this body, printed, and discussed 
in it when we had not the advantage of being in- 
structed by the Senator. With his view of Gov- 
ernment, in "'hich he holds light the doctrine of 
State-right, and would build this road by the 
Government alone, there could be very little of 
constitutional obiection to any plan which could 
be presented. rithcre is still, however, a party in 
the Senate who do not hold such views; there are 
still those who believe this to be a Government 
of the States; who believc it to be a Union of 
Slates voluntarily associated together; and that 
every measure is to have a distinct reference to 
the interests and the safety of the States; that we 
live under a Constitution, a written compact made 
by the States, and that a measure is not to be 
passed here because it is the behest of a party. 
That man forgets his duty as a Senator who 
would put the interests of a party above the in- 
tct•ests of the country. 
i do not know, Mr. President, what right the 
Senator has thus to assume to mark out the bounds 
und lirnits within this body of the friends and 
enemies of the great measure of coupling the val- 
1 
ley of the Mississippi with the Pacific ocean. 
do not know what right he has to introduce a Flew 
banner hore under which men are compelled to 
I do not knoi'i,y what labors the Senator 
march . 
may have performed, nor how deep his interest 
I might match my labors against his, how- 
is. 
ever, on the. great Ineasure, and leave others to 
decide which 'had done most to advance it. The 
rernarks I made, sir, were not made as an enemy 
of u railroad which shöuld couple the Mississippi 
river and the Pacific ocean; but as a friend of the 
measure, which I believed could be efiuctuated 
only in one method, which, on former occasions, 
have more fully explained than it is needful for 
me to do now. I'vly objection to thc present plan 
is one which I have a right to make, and, most 
of all, because ofthc deep study I have given to 
the subject, and because of another proposition, 
which I once before presented to the Senate, 
which I believed rendered it, easy to construct a 
road, and to separate it from all dregs of party 
and sectional politics, by puttino• it on the basis 
of a great national construction, to be made by 
those who chose to invest their Htoney in it; and 
leaving to thorn, (in order that no sectional ad- 
vantage might be acquired by anybody,) by a 
study of the face of the country, and followmg 
the precepts of nature, to decide where they would 
build the road, which they could thus make prof- 
itabie to themselves, they furnishing the money, 
they locatine the road, and the Government giv- 
ing that aid iR the Territories to couple the States 
of the valley of the Mississippi with thosc of the 
Pacific, which it was competent for the Govern- 
ment to give as a areat party in interest. 
If, r_./lr. President, this mcasure shall fail; if we 
shall never achieve the great ßbiect of overcom- 
ing the physical difficulties thÅt threaten some 
day or other to separate two portions of country 
now united together; if, indeed, we may hope to 
look forward to their remaining together until 
thus separated by natural causes, the cause of the 
failure of the measure will not be the opposition 
which I havc presented; but if men confine the 
reward to a corporation, to particular individuals 
who are to be enriched by the bill, I leave them 
to the enjoyment of it, and will remain under the 
consolation that I have followed, so far as could, 
the doctrines of the Constitution, and been gov- 
erned by the finger of nature as it pointed to the 
location ofa road where physical obstacles most 
disappeared . 
Mr. G WIN. I suppose we had better adjourn 
now. 
Mr. LANE. I hope the Senator will give me 
an opportunity of giving notice of an amendment 
that i shall propose to the bill, that it Inay be 
printed, if necessary. 1 send up the amendment, 
and ask that it be read. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. 
RICK in the chair.) Does the Senator from Cal- 
ifornia yield the floor ? 
Mr. GWIN. For that purpose. 
MI'. LANE. I would like to say a few words 
on this amendment, and thc one already pending, 
but I am willing to put it off. 
The Secretary read the amendment proposed 
by Mr. LANE, which is in section one, lines eleven, 
twelve, and thirteen, to strike out " Great Salt 
Lake to the city of San Francisco, or to the nav- 
igablc waters of the Sacramento, in the State of 
California," and in lieu thereof to insert to the 
navigable waters of the Sacramento in the State 
of California, thence by two diverging lines, onc 
to the city ofSan Francisco, and the other th rough 
the valleys of Rogue river, Umpqua, and W ilka- 
mette, to Portland, in Oregon." 
Mr. GWIN. I rnove an adjournment. 
Mr. KING. It is evident that we shall not 
finish this bill; 
indeed, I understand the Senator 
from California to move an adjournment; but 
there is a message of importance from the Presi- 
dent upon the table which I think it due to him 
and due to the country that the Senate should 
take up. 
Mr. G WIN. I withdraw my motion, so that 
we mav have it read. 
Mr. RING. I move, therefore, that we go 
into executive session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from Oregon movc that his amendment be 
pril)ted ? 
Mr. LANE. Yes, sir. 
I make that motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. LATHAM. I would suggest to my col- 
league, before the motion to adjourn is put, that 
he have this bill continncd to a certain day. Next 
Monday, at one o'clock, thc bill admitting Kan- 
sas is the special order, and the Seriator from 
Georgia is entitled to the floor on another meas- 
I know that the objcct Of my colleague, as 
ure. 
well as of myself, is to keep this bill before the 
body, and I sugo•est to hino to take such steps ill 
relation to it as that it shali not be supplanted. 
MI'. G WIN. By adjourning now, it will be 
the unfinished business on Monday morninff, and 
we can then post.ponc it to any day which Will 
suit the Senate. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 desire to give notice 
that I shall, as soon as I can get the floor on 
Monday, or thereafter, move to take up the reso- 
lution which I have heretofore introduced, as 
forming a basis for a settlemeilt and adjustment 
of our difficulties, and ask the Senate to continue 
to consider it to the exclusion of all olhcr busi- 
ness, until the resolution shall be disposed of by 
the Senate. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 that the Senate do now 
ad journ . 
Mr. KING. I hope tile Senatc will vote on 
the motion which I made. 
The PRESIDINGOFFiCER. The Chair will 
state to the Senator from New York that there is 
no message from the President except of an ex- 
ecutive character. 
Mr. K INC. That is the very reason why I 
desire to go into executive session. 
I moved to 
go into executive session, That is my motion. 
Mr. TOOMBS. Those who represent the 
Administration should statc what the message is. 
The Does the Sen- 
ator from California frithdraw his motion ? 
Mr. GWIN. No, sir. 
Several SENATORS, ( *Mr. KING.) What is 
the message ? 
Mr. KING. That is what I want to know. 
We shall find out in executive session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the motion to adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
MONDAY, January 7, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of Saturday last was read and 
approved. 
Hon. CLEMENT C. CLAY, jr., •of Alabama, 
appeared in his seat. 
SENATOR RESIGNED. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- 
ate a letter from Hon. I-I ANNIBAL HAMLIN, com- 
municating copies of letters addressed by him to 
the presiding omcers of the two I-louses of the 
Legislature of tl'}e State of Maine, resigning the 
office of Senator in thc Congress of the United 
States, to take effect on the -17th instant; which 
was read, and ordered to lie on -the.t#ble. 
PETITIONS AND MEMOIUå1,Si 
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a pétitiÖn 
of citizens of the State of Kentucky, asking that 
the Gove rnmen t cause the la w s vf the United 
for the recovery of fugitive slaves to bcc executed 
by ccnnpeliing the Slates in which-- they may be 
found to give them up, the Federal Government 
being, as they think, bound to protect the prop- 
erty of its citizens of every description , and declar- 
ing that the equal rights of all should be protected; 
thatall true Americans should protect cach others' 
rights of property ; and that they are ready to stand 
by the Constitution and' the Union; and. will keep 
the American flag floating in the breeze as long 
as one star is left; which w•as ordered to lie on the 
table. 
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of cer- 
tain importers of hardware at Louisville, Ken, 
tucky, remonstrating against the passage of-the 
Morrill tarriff bill now bcfore the Senate, with- 
out certain modifications; which was ordered to 
lie on the table. 
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Samuel 
Hailowell and others, of Keokuk county, in -the 
State of Iowa, praying that pensions may. be 
granted to the soldiers of the war of 1812, •who 
served fourteen days or over, or were actually 
in battle, and to the widows of those who 
have died or rnay hereafter die;' which was re- 
ferred to the Committee on Pensions. 
Mr. KING presented two petitions of citizens 
of New York, praying Congress to aid the Peo- 
pie's Pacific Railroad Company, (established un- 
der a charter obtained from the Legislature of the 
State of Maine,) by a liberal donation of the 
public lands, and such other assistance as a wise 
and just policy may suzest; which were ordered 
to lie on the table. 
Mr. BIGLER presented thirty-one petitions of 
citizens of Philadelphia, praying the passage of 
the resolutions introduced by Mr. CRITTENDEN 
into the Senate of tbc United States, on tbe 18th 
of December last; which were ordered to lie on 
the table. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. I present the memorial of 
O. S. Halsted, jr., and others, describing them- 
sclvcs as people of the State of New Jersey, with- 
out regard to past political or partv attachments, 
substance requesting Congress to pass a joint 
resolution at once, recommending tho people of 
the several States to hold conventions of the patri- 
otic citizens of the Union, on the 22d of February 
next, to appoint delegates to a national conven- 
tion, to be held at Independence Hall, Philadel- 
phia, on the 4th of March following, to promote 
the general welfare and to devise and adopt such 
measures as may tend to restore peace and har- 
mony, and secure to each State and section of the 
Union those rights, privileges, and immunities to 
which they are justly entitled. I ask that the me- 
morial referred to the Committee on thc.Judi- 
ciary. 
It was so referred. 
DILL INTRODUCED. 
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous 
consent obtained, leave to introduce bill (S No. 
531) to change the nan-le of the schooner Augusta, 
to Colonel Cook; which was read tvv'ice by its title, 
and referred to the Committee on Commerce. 
CONGRESSIONAL, ETC., DIRECTORY. 
Mr. BROWN submitted the following rekolu- 
tion; which was considered by unanimous con- 
sent, and agreed to: 
Resolved, 'That the Secretary of the Senate be authorized 
to procure fi•om the pubiisher five hundred copies ot•tbe De- 
partment and Congressional Directory, to be accompanied 
with the plans of the, Senate, House of Representatives, and 
Supreme Court of the United States, also a map of VVash- 
shali not exceed forty-five cents. 
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE. 
Mr DAVIS, from the Committee on Military 
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the 
memorial of John W. Mason, of New. York, 
praying compensation for services of the ship 
Lucy Thompson, in rescuing and transporting 
to New York onc hundred officers and soldiers 
of the Unitåd States Army, submitted an adverse 
report; which was ordered to be printed, 
