1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
265 
of 1850, slavery has been admitted into that Ter- 
result of it may be, if the people of the Territory 
ritory, and all that is proposed by n') y amendment 
IS, as i said, simply to recognize that; an•d fur- 
thermore, the fact being recognized, that it shali 
be recognized that that state of things, that fact, 
shall continue as it is, until the Territory shall 
have acquired a sufficient population, according 
to the ratio-of representation for Representatives, 
to entitle it to one member in Congress, and then 
to be admitted into the Union on an oqual footing 
with the rest of the States, and with a constitution 
adopting or excluding slavery, according to the 
judgment of the people themselves. 
This is the whole proposition in that respect. 
Well, I confess, sir, it seems to me that it is very 
little to grant. Some gentlernen are averse to com- 
promise. Well, gentlemen, you may call this a 
compromise. May it not with equal propriety be 
called an honest adjustment of rights? But if it 
were a comptornise, is it not a fair compromise? 
And upon what principle are we opposed to com- 
promise? All human life is IJft a compromise, 
From the cradle to the grave, every step of it is 
a compromise between man and society. And 
when peace is the reward of compromise, it has 
been usually blessed. A man, it is said, in respect 
to the compromise ofa lawsuit, must be allowed 
to purchase his peace. Aman can purchase noth- 
ing better, nothing dearer than his peace, even in 
private transactions. How is it in relation to di- 
visions between great communities, different coun- 
tries, or great sections of the same country ? Are 
they not more necessary there? Are they not more 
demanded by the, interests of society, more de- 
manded by humanity itself, than in any other con- 
dition of life? Just as much more demanded as 
the consequences are greater and more moment- 
ous, and morc destructive ordinarily. If there 
were no compromise, parties would have to settle, 
by force or by war, these questions. 
Is there in this compromise anything repulsive 
to any section of this country? know the great 
Republican party of this country have declared 
themselves against the extension of' slavery. Is 
this, in the sense of that declaration, is this, in 
the sense of that tenet of their faith, an extension 
of slavery? I have before shown, what is the 
indisputable fact, that slavery does exist here by 
which covers the whole Territory. It is not 
extending slavery into a Territory where no sla- 
very exists. Slavery does exist there; and the 
question is, whether you will let it exist, accord- 
ing to the laws under which it docs exist, until 
the Territory becomes a State, and decides for 
itself whether slavery shall continue longer or not. 
Is there such striF)gency in the doctrine of the 
party upon this subject, that neither for weal nor 
for woo, neithcr for peace nor for war, will they, 
mediately or immediately, on a principle of com- 
promisc or on principle of justice, reco(rnize the 
existence of slavery In the Territory of New 
Mexico? 
Whatgentlcman, as a statesman,can stand upon 
that ground? What Senator can stand upon that 
grouhd? Say that. we are here , as I verily believe 
we arc, upon the brink of intestine and civil war, 
that t.hat war can be prevented by recognizing 
the fact of the existence of slavery, and agreeing 
that it shall continue for ten or fifteen years, until 
the Territory shall become prepared to enter the 
Union as a State, and that Senators had rather 
encounter civil war, had rather encounter the de- 
struction of this Union, and of this Government, 
than to agree to these terms—upon what grounds? 
Upon any grounds of pubiic welfare? Upon any 
avowed grounds of policy or of patriotism? Can 
any Senat.or stand upon that ground? What is 
his ground, thctt? The Republican party sees that 
by possibility, under this adjustment, that State, 
if it chooses slavery, may come into the Union 
choose, that it may hereafter be entitled, under 
i this amendment of the Constitution, to come in 
as a slave State. What do gentlemen say to that? 
i Is it a dogma that no slave State ever shall here- 
after be admitted into this Union; and will they, 
for the maintenance and preservation of that dog- 
ma, sacrifice the country? Will they encounter 
civil war and disunion and all its fearful conse- 
quences, rather than yield up in a single instance 
this dogma of no more slave States? Surely if 
that dogma were to be pressed with ever such 
heartfelt conviction, and such heartfelt zeal, it 
could not be but that, in the hearts that had so 
adopted and embraced it, such an exception might 
be made as this. When the fate of my country 
is on the one side and my dogma on the other, let 
the dogma go rather than the country be pros- 
trated. Is any member of the Senate prepared to 
say, in the face of this country and of the world, 
that rather than yield up his dogma in a single 
instance, he will see the country go to ruin, or he 
will attempt to enforce his opinion by the sword ? 
Is there any man who will do such a thing as that, 
so contrary to the law and teachings of the Al- 
mighty, and contrary to all humanity ? 
Sir, we are one people. 1 glory in the thought. 
Will one half of the people undertake to say, we 
have a conscientious scruple about admitting a 
slave State, and we intend to substitute that scru- 
ple in place of ail your territorial rights? This 
Government, as made by our fathers, was made 
by States who held slaves and States who did not. 
We now stand in the same attitude. Then, in 
their time, most or all of the States held slaves, 
and now a minority of them only hold slaves. 
Shall the present majority, holding no slaves, 
plead, as an apology for usurping all the common 
territory of the country, a conscientious scruple, 
a dogma upon their part that no more slave States 
shall be admitted? I ask my honorable friends 
on this side of the Chamber if that is the political 
system or ethics upon which they intend to act; 
if it is that which they can avow, as a party, for 
monopolizing that which is common property ? 
Will they plead a conscientious scruple? Sir, it 
is a great nursery for conscientious scruples, in- 
deed ; if men can make titles in themselves to com- 
mon property in that way. I do not know why 
a man who held with Ine a tract of land might not 
take the same scruple against me, and say that I 
was hcretical, and violated all his dogmas, in pol- 
that his scruples would not 
itics and religion; 
allow him to be in such communion with me as 
to hold property in common. And how does he, 
gratify his conscience, and how does he dissolve 
this question of casuistry? By taking the whole 
property to himself and turning me out. I say 
it is a great nursery for scruples -of this sort, if an 
arcurncntof that kind is to be found here. 
And now, Mr. President, see hovv' exactly the 
I very territory in dispute comes within the line 
of all that reasoning which would show that every 
part of the country ought to be considered as 
equally cnt.itled to share in the enjoyment of it. 
That country was but recently acquired from 
Is it 
Mexico; and it was acquired by conquest. 
not as plain a case that every section of the coun- 
f try patd its proportionate part of the considera- 
tion, as if it had been bought with rnoney and 
each citizen had contributed the number of pence 
that his interest amounted to? Did not the South 
contribute her part of the trcasure which bore the 
expense of that purcllase? Did she, not contribute 
her portion of the blood that was shed in obtain- 
ing it? Did she not do even a little more of it 
than our northern' brethren, because of their re- 
mote situation? We ',vere nearer the scene of 
action, could get to it more easily, and therefore, 
unrestricted and unreserved equal -right , in die 
territory. Can this be proper? v, We afe bnt one 
community, With diverse institutions in reJation 
! to domestic slavery, as well as in relation -to. many 
I other subjects. We have grown up in, and cur- 
I tivated hhbits suitable to, all the circumstances 
t surrounding us, just as every ' people r. on earth 
have. The institution of slavery has given a va- 
riety to the form of society -in which it exists. 
The absence of it has given form to a somewhat 
differcnt condition of society, but equally adapted 
to its people. So it will be everywhere. You 
say, then, for instance, by way of mitigating the 
wrong done, that you only exclude slaveholdcrs; 
you only exclude three hundred thousand—not 
| section of the country; not States; not fifteen 
States; but three hundred thousand slaveholders 
in those States. Whether that is a correct com- 
putation of them I do not know; nor is it of the 
least Importance to this argumcnt. No; the wrong 
i does not stop there. Ail the millions that have 
beeh reared in the society formed, and receiving 
its character, and receiving its complexion from 
that. institution, though they may.not bethe own- 
ers of slaves, have been brought up and habitu- 
ated to the habit and form of society .which that 
institution has given birth to. That makes a dif- 
ference in the habits of a people not to be worn 
off in a day or u I admit; but 
they are, for the present, their habits. Their 
feelings and their habits go along together; and 
neither would you northern men prefer to go into 
the society of these people under circumstances 
equal; nor would the southern man, with his 
habits and his feelings, prefer to go into northern 
society, simply because of changes in the custom 
and habits; that is all. By restraining the slave- 
holders from going into any Territory; then you 
restrain the formation of any such habits.as this 
other man, who is not a slaveholder in the southern 
States, has formed. You do not expel him, but 
you erect a barrier; not an insuperable one; you 
create a new diffculty in his way in going there, 
where he is to meet with strangers, and strangers 
of somewhat different habits from himself. 
But, as a matter of right, looking at it accord- 
ing to the political principles upon which our 
great political society is formed; looking at it 
upon the common popular principles upon which 
the Constitution was formed, have you a right, 
in the distribution of the public property, to make 
any distinction between the portions of the coun- 
try holding slaves, and those who do not hold 
I them? Why have you morc right to do it in rc- 
spect to the public lands and Territories of the 
United States, than in respect to any other spe- 
cies of public property? If you had money in 
the Treasury, would you insist upon taking all 
of that? No. I know you would not. Why ? 
Because it isa common property. When, instead 
of money, we come to davide territory, land, does 
not the same principle apply—not merely upon 
the ground of ordinary equity or justice, but be- 
cause our Constitution has been formed, those 
who made it well knowing that in different scc- 
tions of the common country for which it was 
made, different scruples might obtain, different 
I dogmas might prevail? But these were not t.o be 
looked to at all. Our Constitution, in ite provis- 
ions, leaves us all free to entertain these dogmas; 
but it does not leave us free to disregard the great 
principles of equality, and equal justice, and equal 
I distribution, as among honest fellow-citizens, of 
I land as well as money, and every thing else. No 
part of the country, no section of the country, 
i has a right to set up its particufar opinion on any 
subject as the image of orthodoxy, and say those 
who do not come up to this rule of orthodoxy 
shall not share with us in any thing that belongs 
hereafter as a slave Stat•e. Are they pledged I 
ao•ainst. that under all circumstances? Are their 
general rules rules that admit of no exceptions? 
The old Inaxim is, that the exception proves thc 
If the rule be reasonable, there always are 
exceptional circumstances that may occur, which 
would prevent the application of the rule; but here I 
perhaps, therc xvere more southern than northern to this Governtnent. 'I'his is regulated, not by 
men encragcd in the war. The millions of money II conscientious considerations, not by a scruple, 
but by broad,.plain, common political principles; 
that it cost were paid, not out of a sectional purse, 
but out ofa national purse, toxwhich all contrib- I 
such as our common Constitution was framed 
uted. W c fought, one as well as another, and upon. Would you, upon any ground of difference 
as to a.question of religion, have a right to make 
all sections did their duty. 
I do not recur to these things for reproach upon ' any distinction ? Would you have a right to say 
I love it II that no Presbyterian should settle in this tern- 
any section of our country. No, sir. 
It is all my country. I am not the tory, because he is a Presbyterian? Would-you 
are general rules that admit of no exception; and all •too well. 
have a right to say. that no Congregationalist 
civil war, pestilence, famine, and everything else, man to degrade any portion of it by any language 
I shall settle there? Suppose we were dividéd by 
I have to use. 
are to be encountered, rather than to recede one 
sinele hair's breadth from a particular, prescribed This territory, then, plainly and clearly, was a sectional line in our religion: would any one Of 
! i us have a right to invoke his •religion-as •a reason 
I acquired by us all. 
is but the work of yester- 
I cannot. concc»ve it possible. 
doctrine. 
Rut Nil r. that this proposi- day. Now, a portion attempt to take it. They If why he was entitled to more, and his brother to 
lion docs illakc such provision that the ultimate have scruples about allowincr us our full and less, or to nothing? Nobody would pretend that. 
