1861, 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
267 
us to renounce the pretension to go on its own 
ries have been ceded to the General Government 
by slave States. 
It could not be expected or ap- 
prehcnded that it was supposed that Congress 
would abolish slavery in little spots within the 
midst of the slaveholding States. At the time this 
cession was made, was any such thing contern- 
plated by any one? Is it to be presumedät was? 
if not, would it not be bad faith on the parb of the 
Government, to say the least of it, to use its juris- 
diction for purposes which they supposed inju- 
rious to them, and not contemplated by any of 
the parties at the time of the cession? Good faith 
requiring that these things should not be done, 
would it be too much to ask you, as an assurance 
that it shall not be done, to declare that the Con- 
stitution ought not to be so construed as to give 
power to do it? I think there can be no question 
about that. 
I do not intend to go more particularly or pre- 
cisely into the argument on this question at this 
time, and I hope it will never be required at my 
hands hereafter. There are some questions in- 
volve'(l in this matter in relation to the country, 
upon which I desire merely to give my opinion. 
I have said that ail parties have been to blame in 
these controversies. It is so of necessity. Our 
infirnlities necessarily lead to that in all long-con- 
tinucd controversies. It has been so here. Who 
can say that the South has not acted rashly ? 
Who can say that the South is not now actincr 
unwisely? I cannot. To say nothincp of tho past 
political errors which they have committed, but 
to iook to the present, do not believe in this 
It is a new doctrine. It has 
right. of secession. 
sprun(-r up and grown wonderfully in a very few 
it is not named in the Constitution. It 
dogma at the expense of the other, and let us 
make that odious thing, if it must be called so—a 
compromise—again to restore our fellowship and 
our brotherhood. Balance the consequences ofa 
i civil war and the consequences of your now' agree- 
inrr to the stipulated terms of peace here, and see 
how they compare one with another. 
I •.vill not 
repeat again what is asked of you. It is but a 
trifle in point of territory, a trifle in point of a-ny 
material value that can be assigned to it, and there 
is no breach of any principle. 
It is an exception, 
and a fair exception upon exceptional grounds, to 
the principle you avow. On the the other side, 
you have civil war— 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from Kentucky give way to the Senator from 
Ill inois ? 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow 
me to ask him, if he has any assurancc that civil 
war is to be averted by his resolution; if he does 
not know that a State has already undertaken to 
secede, and says she wants no compromise, and 
will have none? 
Mr. TOOMBS. I must here interpose, and 
remind my friend from Kentucky, that I did not 
expect to surrender up the day, or that he would 
open a new discussion of anything else. 'I'hat 
was not my of the arrangement 
between us. He is now running off into a i'iew 
field with other gentlemen. I yielded for the pur- 
pose of allowing the Senator to explain his projet; 
but I did not intend to give up the whole day. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. [did friend 
years. 
i-;as no nayne anywhere in all our code of laws. If qui!e well. 
it means anything at all, it is revolution; and not- 
withstanding the attempts to secede from the bold 
front and character of revolution, it is nothing but 
n lawless violation of the Constitution. That is 
my ot"inion. I do not intend to ar•ue it; but I 
wish to take the responsibility of sayin% in these 
momentous times, when the Constit.ution of the 
is apt to be run down, and trodden down; 
when a right of secession is urged; a right to co 
off, and to take with them forts, and arsenals, and 
everything prepared for the common defense, that 
It is of 
It is new' to me. 
I cannot acrree with it. 
modern growth. 
But, sir, I do not desire to be carried off into 
want only to bear my testimony 
that question . 
for the Constitution of my country. I want it to 
be known—and, as far as my poor voice can go, 
it shall go—that this Constitution, so far from its 
being liable, to be broken by any body that chooses 
to secede, as they call it, is a grand and inviolable 
instrument upon which no man should lay his un- 
hallowed hand, or attempt to withdraw himself. If 
he is oppressed, let him take the responsibilities of 
revolution; let him defy the war; let him proclaim 
himself a revolutionist, and not attenujt to hide 
his revolution iu the little subtilties of law, and 
the little subtilties with which he surrounds seces- 
It is 
Bion, as it is called. I do not believe in it. 
no justification. My honorable friend from Louis- 
iaria [LMt•. BENJAMIN] quotes Mr. Madison and Mr. 
Webster as authority for this doctrine. Why, 
sir, if the ger:tleman had extended his inquiry a 
little further, he would have seen that no doctrine 
was ever repudiated more precisely, exactly, and 
•sternly, than thisdoctrine of secession was by Mr. 
Madison; and Mr. Webster's name and fame are 
identified with the by which he was 
supposed to havedcstroycd every pretexton which 
such a doctrine could stand. If it is intended 
merely as another name for revolution, be it so. 
I do not know that gentlemen have nota right to 
so denominate their actions if they please; but a 
constitutional right to break the Constitution—a i 
constitutional right to destroy the Union—would 
be indeed a strange form of government. 
I am for the Union; but, rny friends, I unust be 
also for the equal rights of my State under this 
great Constitution and in this great, Union. You 
I hopo you will 
mast be prepared to grant them. 
be. You desire to maintain the Union. You say 
I do. But we i-nust pre- 
I believe it. 
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 say it was not my under- 
standing that this debate should be extended with 
other gentlemen; but I gave way to allow him to 
I had not expected to yield 
explain his projet. 
the day to the Senator from Kentucky. That 
was not my understandin&. There is some mis- 
understanding between us, I presume. merely 
yielded for an explanation of the projet. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman, then, 
shall have the floor. 
Mr. President, it is proper that I should answer 
the question of the Senator from Illinois. 
licve it will. Of course, I cannot say for certain; 
I believe it firmly, and I be- 
I may be mistaken. 
lieve it without a doubt. It may not satisfy all. 
I never expected it would. That it will satisfy a 
sufficient portion of the country to preserve the 
peace, and to preserve the Union everywhere, is 
my belief. I think, if the gentleman is disposed 
to grant it, he will find in the experiment that all 
this commotion will be put an end to, not instantly. 
It may have commenced already, fbr all know, 
in Charleston. It may not sat!Sfv South Caro- 
lina. Hers is a peculiar case; buil believe it will 
satisfy almost all the southern States; at any rate, 
to such an extent that there will be no further pro- 
ceeding in this revolution, no further secession, 
no further revolution. That is my belief; and I 
hope and trust, sir, that we shall make the exper- 
I feel confident of the result, and that it 
iment. 
vr'ill be the restoration of peace amono• us, and 
then these gentlemen may go on honorably in this 
new Administration to serve the country. Let 
them cominence now by this first glorious act of 
pacification. It will be a noble starting point. But 
let them go on without it, let them think t.he best 
way is to take the sword in hand, and woe be to-• 
them; woe be to those. who are, under that policy, 
If the sword is 
to administer this Government! 
to be the only weapon relied upon, then woe to 
your Administration! Your victory will be turned 
to blood and ashes. Grant these measures, and 
you will bring happy and glorious days to our 
whole country. 
no w' (Five place, Mr. President, to the Senator 
from Georgia. 
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President and Senators, 
I obtained the floor last Thursaay with a view of 
addressing this body upon the various proposi- 
tions which were submitted to the committee of 
I am indif- 
thirteen, of which was a member. 
fi±rent as to this substitution; but not having seen 
serve it on the proper terms of equal respect and 
equal regard. The dogma of my State is, that II the proposition of the Senator from Kentucky, 
she has as much right to go into the 'I'erritories my remarks will be confined mainly to the action 
with hcr slaves as you, who do not choose co hold of the committee of thirteen. 'Phis, I understand, 
is somewhat like one of thc propositions, though 
their dogma. it not be best for both of not identically that one, to which I may have oc- 
casion to advert in. the- course: 
the propositions submitted by the honorable Sen- 
atorfrom Kentucky in the committee of"thirtéen. 
The success of themA bolitionists and their alliesj 
under the name of the Republican party, häsrpro- 
duced us logical results already. They have for 
long years been sowing dragons' teeth, and -have 
finally got a crop of armed -men. The Uniönysii'•, 
is dissolved. - That is an accomplished factiivthe 
path of this discussion that men may as welt heed. 
One of your confederates has, already, wisely, 
bravely, boldly,.confronted public danger; and 
she is only ahead of many of hér sisters because 
of her greater facility for speedy action. ' The 
greater majority of those sister States, under like 
circumstances, consider her cause as -their cause; 
and I charge you in their name to-day, " Touch 
not Seguntum." It is QOt only their cause; but 
it is a cause which receives the sympathy and 
will receive the support of tens and hundreds of 
thousands of honest patriotic men in the non- 
slaveh old ing States, who have h itherto:main tained 
constitutional rights, who respect -their-oath.s, 
abide by compacts, and love justice. •And while 
this Congress, this Senate and this House of-Rep- 
resentatives, are debating the constitut.ionality and 
the expediency of seceding from •the Union, and 
while the perfidious authors of this mischief are 
showering down denunciations upon a large por- 
tion of the patriotic men of this country, those 
brave men are coolly and calmly voting what you 
call revolution—ay, sir, doing better than that: 
arming to defend it. They appealed to the Con- 
stitution, they appealed to justice, they appealed 
to fratery)ity, until the Constitution, justice, and 
fraternity were no longer listened to in 'the legis- 
lative halls of their country, and then, sir, they 
prepared for the arbitrament of •the sword; and 
now you see the glittering bayonet, and you hear 
the tramp of armed men from your capital: tothe 
It is a sight that'gladdens the eyes 
Rio Grande. 
and cheers the heart of other Millions ready to 
second them. Inasmuch, sir, as 1 have labored 
earnestly, honestly, sincerely, with these men to 
avert this necessity so long as I deemed it possi- 
ble, and inasmuch as heartily approve tbeir 
present conduct of resistance, I deem it my duty 
to state tlleir case to the Senate, to the country, 
and to the civilized world. 
Senators, my countrymen have demanded no 
new Government; they have demanded no new 
Constitution. Look to their records at home and 
here from the beginning of this national strife 
until its consummation in the (fisruption of the 
Empire, and they have not demanded a single 
thing except that you shall abide by the Consti- 
tution of the United States; that constitutional 
rights shall be respected, and that justice shall be 
done. Sirs, they have stood by your Constitu- 
tion; they have stood by all its requirements; they 
have performed all of its duties unselfishly, un- 
calculatingly, disinterestedly, until a party sprang 
up in this country which endangered their social 
system—a party which they arraign, and which 
they charge before the American people and all 
mankind, with having made proclamation of out- 
lawry against four thousand millions of their 
property in the Territories of the United Stat.es; 
with having put them under the ban of the Em- 
Pire in all the States in which their institutions 
exist, outside of the protection of Federal laws; 
with having aided and abetted insurrection from 
within and invasion from without, with the view 
of subverting those institutions, and desolating 
their homes and their firesides. For these causes 
they have taken up arms. f shall proceed to 
vindicate the justice of their demands, the patriot- 
I will show the injustice 
ism of their conduct. 
which they suffer and the rightfulness OF their 
resistance. 
I shall not spend much time on the question that 
seems to give my honorable friend [Mr. CRITTEN- 
DEN] so much concern—the constitutional right of 
a State to secede from this Union. Perhaps he 
will find out after a while that it is a fact accom- 
plished. You have got it in the South pretty 
much in both ways. South Carolina has givén 
it to you regularly, according to the approved 
plan. You are getting it just below there; [in 
Georgia,] I believe, irregularly, outside of law, 
way. You witl find armed men to defend both. 
I Union have demanded nothing but clear, distinct, 
