268 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 7, 
unequivocal, well-acknowledged constitutional State, and fleeing to another, shall be delivered ered up every day in this way; but not slaves. 
rights; rights affrmed by the highest judicial 
tribunals of their country; rights older than the 
Constitution; rights which are planted upon the I 
immutable principles of natural justice; rights 
which have been affrmed by the' good and the 
wise of all countries, and of •all centuries. We 
demand no power to injure any man. We de- 
mand no right to injure our confederate States. 
We demand no right to interfere with their insti- 
tutions, either by word or deed. We have no 
right to disturb their peace, their tranquillity, 
their security. We have demanded of them sim- 
ply, solely—nothing else—to give us equality, se- 
curity, and tranquillity. Give us these, and peace 
restores itself. Refuse them, and take what you 
can get. 
I will now read my own demands, acting under 
my own convictions, and the universal judgment 
of my countrymen. They are considered the 
demands of an extremist. To hold to a consti- 
tutional right now makes one considered an ec- 
—1 believe that is the appellation these 
trennst 
traitors and villains, north and south, employ. I 
accept their reproach rather than their principles. 
Accepting their designation Of treason and rebel- 
lion, there stands before them as good a traitor, 
and as good a rebel, as ever descended from revo- 
lutionary loins. 
What do these rebels demand? First, that 
the people of the United States shall have an equal 
right to emigrate and settle in the present, or any 
future <lcquired territories, with whatever prop- 
erty they may possess, (including slaves,) and 
be securely protected in its peaceable enjoyment 
until suc.h territory may be admitted as State 
into the Union, without or without slavery, as 
she may determine, on an equality with all exist- 
ing States." That is our territorial demand. We 
have fought for this territory when blood was its 
price. We have paid it when gold was its 
price. We have not proposed to exclude you, 
though you have contributed very little of erther 
blood or money. I refer especially to New Eng- 
land. We demand only to go into those terri- 
tories upon terrns of equality with you, as eqt.lals 
in this great to enjoy the 
property of the whole Union, .and receive the 
protection of the common Government, until the 
territory is capable of ccnning into the Union as 
a sovereign State, when it may fix its ox,vn insti- 
tutions to suit itself. 
The second proposition is: 
that property in 
slaves shall be entitled to the same protection 
from tl')e Government of the United States, in ail 
of its departinents, everywhere, which the Con- 
stit9tion confrrs the power upon it to extend to 
any other property, provided nothing herein con- 
tained shall be construed to limit or restrain the 
right now belonging to every State to prohibit, 
abolish, or establish and protect slavery within 
its limits. We (letnand of the conunon Govern- 
ment to use its gran tod powers to protect our prop- 
erty as well as yours. For this protection we pay 
as nmch as do. This very prop)erty is sub- 
It has been taxed by you, and 
ject to taxation. 
sold by you for taxes. 'I'lle titb 
to thousands and 
tens of thousands slaves is derived from t.he 
United States, We claim that the Government, 
while the Constitution recocrnizcs our property 
for purposes of taxation, shall give it the same 
protection that it gives yours. Ought it not to 
do so? You say no. Every one of you upon the 
committee. said no. Your Senators say no. Your 
House of Representatives says no. Th rough out, 
the length and breadth of your conspiracy against 
the Constitution, there is but one shout of 110! 
This reccvnitinn of this is the price of my 
allegiance. Withhold it, and you do not get my 
obedietnce. This is the philosophy of the anned i 
men who have sprung up in this country. Do 
up in the same manner as persons committing Slaves, black people, you say, are entitled to trial 
crimes against other property, and that the laws by jury; and in this way schemes have been in- 
of the State from which such persons flee shall bo vented to defeat your plain constitutional obliga- 
the test of criminality." That is another one of! tions. 
In January, last year, I argued this ques- 
the demands of an extremist and rebel. The Con- 
stitution of the United States, article four, section 
two, says: 
A person charged in any State with treason, felony, or 
other clinje, who shall flee from justice, and be found in 
another State, shall, on (leinand of the executive authority 
of the State from which he fled. be delivered up to be re- 
moved to the State havinrr jurisdiction of the crime." 
But the non-slaveholding States, treachéroüs to 
their oaths and compacts, have steadily refused, 
if the criminal only stole a ncgro, and that necrro 
was a slave, to deliver him up. It was refused 
twice on the requisition of my own State as lonff 
b 
as twenty-two years acro. It was refused by Kent 
and by Fairfield, Governors of Maine, avul rcp- 
I believe, each of the then Federal 
resenti ng, 
parties. We appealed then to fraternity, but we 
sul-)mitted•, and this constitutional right has been, 
practically, a dead letter from that day to this. 
The next case came up between us and the 
Statc of New York, when the present senior Scn- I 
ator [Mr. SEWARD] wras the Governor of that 
State; and hc refused it. Why? Hc said it was 
not against the laws of New York t.o steal a ne- 
go, and therefore hc would not comply with the 
demand. He made a similar refusal to Virginia. 
Yet these are, our confederates; these are our sis- 
ter States! There is the bargain; 
there is the 
compact. You have sworn t.o it. Both these 
Governors swore. to it. The Senator from New 
York swore to it. The Governor ot Ohio swore 
to it when he was You cannot bind 
them by oaths. Yot they talk to us of treason; 
and I suppose they expect to whip freemen into 
lovinn• such brethren! They will have a good 
time m dointr it! It is natural wc should want 
this provision of the Constitution carried out. 
The Constitution says slaves are property; the 
Supreme Court says so; the Constitution says so. 
The theft of slaves is a crime; they are a subject- 
nnatter of felonious asporta lion. By the text' and 
letter of the Constitution you agreed to give them 
up. You -have sworl'l to do it, and you have 
broken your oaths. Of course, those who have . 
done so look out for pretexts. Nobody expected 
them to do otherwise. 
I do not think I ever saw 
a perjurer, however bald and naked, who could 
not invent some pretexts to palliate his crime, or 
who could not, for fifteen shillings, hire an Old il 
Bailey lawyer to invent some fbr him. Yet this 
requn•emel'lt of the Constitution is another one of 
the extreme demands of an extremist and rebel. 
tion, and presented at the close of my speech a 
compilation made by a friend of mine, of the laws 
of the non-slaveholding States on this point. The 
I honorable gentieman from Vermont [Mr. COLLA- 
MER] commented upon the reference to his State, 
and the greater portion of his speech was taken 
up with a discussion of the particular act which 
was quoted in my appendix. I have no doubt the 
Senator did not know of the act of 1858, because 
cert. inly his argument would not have been made 
if he did; he certainly was not informed as to the 
act of 1858. I will read him one or two of the 
sections of that act. 
1 referred to and commented 
on it then in my speech; but in the appendix con- 
taining the compilation there was an accidental 
misrefercnce. That act provides— 
That every person who may have been beld as a slave, 
who shall come or be brought or be. in this State, with or 
without the consent of his or her ancgcd Inaster 
Mr. COLLAMER. What date is that? 
Mr. 'I'OOMBS. Eighteen hundred and fifty- 
It is entitled 'E An act to secure freedom 
to all persons in this State. " 
Mr. COLLAMER. That was not the one men- 
tioned'in the Senator's speech. 
Mr. TOOMBS. Ihave explåined why it was 
not in tl•ne appendix; but I had read it, and I sup- 
posed the Senator had. The Senator made his 
speech on this rcfercnce, because, I suppose, it 
was rnore, easily answered. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 made the speech upon 
the one to which reférence was made. 
Mr. TOOMBS. That was very adroitly done, 
or very ignorantly done, I do not know which; 
but I want to set that portion of our record right. 
This was the act to which I referred, and upon 
which I commented in the body of the speech, 
though not in the appendix, which was prepared 
by another person: 
Every person who Inay have been held as a slave, who 
shall conne, or be brought, or be in this State, wit.h the con- 
sent of his or her alleged Inaster or mistress, or who shan 
come or be brought, or be in this State, shan bc free." 
The Constitution of the United States says they 
shall not bc free; Vermont says they shall; 
and 
yet all her legislators arc sworn to obey the Con- 
stitution. Vermont says if slaves come, _volun- 
tarily or involuntarily, with or without consent; 
if they flee from service, or come into Vermont 
in any way, they shall be free. The Constitution 
says they shall not bc discharged from service if 
they flee; Vermont says they shall be. That is 
The next stipulation is that fugitive slaves shall another one. of our sisters, for whom it is said we 
be surrendered under the provisions of the fugitive ii ought to have a deep attachment. 
slave act of 1850, without being entitled either to 
a writ of habeas corpus or trial by jury, or other 
similar obstructions of legislation, in the State to 
which he may flee. 
Here is the Constitution: 
No person held to scrvicc or labor in one State, under 
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse- 
quence ot• any law or regulation therein, be discharged 
f'rorn such serviee or labor, but Shall be delivered up on 
clainn of the party to whom such servicc or labor may be 
This languacre is plain, and everybody under- 
Again: 
SEC. 7. Every persor; who shall hold, or atternpt to 
hold, in this State, in slavery, or ax a slave, any free per- 
son, in any form or for any tune, however short, undcr tho 
pretense that such person is or has been a slave, shall, on 
conviction thereof, be, ilnprisoned iii the State prison a 
tern) not less than five years nor more than twenty years, 
and be fined not less than $1,000 nor rnore than $10,000." 
This is decidedly fraternal ! 
If a inan passes 
voluntarily through the State of Verrnont with 
his slave, that State, in her fraternal affection, will 
you ask ine to support a G-overnment that will 
tax my property; that will plunder me; that will 
demand In y blood, and will not protect me? 
would rather see the population of my own native 
State laid six it•et. beneath her sod than that they 
should support for one hour such a Government. 
Protection is the price of obedience everyvtzhere, 
It is the only thing that makes 
in alt cot.tnt.rics. 
Government respectable. Deny it, and you can- 
not have free subjects or citizens; you may have 
Blaves. 
We demand, in the next place, 
that persons 
comrnittincr crimes against slave property in one 
stood it the same way for the first forty years of keep him fifteen years in the State prison and fine 
your Govern tnent. 
in 1793, in Washington's 
him $2,000. Fraternal, affectionate Vermont! 1 
time, an act was passed to carry out this provis- have made these references for the benefit of the 
It was adopted unanimously in the Senate Senator. Will he say that this was done only to 
of the United States, and nearly so in the House carry out thc decision in Prigg vs. Pennsylvania? 
of Representatives. Nobody then had invented il 
1 have heretofore shown that a plain constitu- 
pretexts to show that the Constitution did not tional provision bas been violated by specific acts 
It was clear; it was plain. 
Inean a negro slave. 
in thirteen of these States; but in the Pilgrim's 
Not 0111 y -the Federal courts, but all the local Progress they finally do it, I believe, without acts 
courts in all the States, dccide that this was a con- 
! of legislation. MY. Lincoln and his party have 
stitutional oblicyation. How is it now? The North 
taken an easier position; and now such has been 
soQ(Fht. to evade it; following the instincts of their 
the rapid descent into error as Vircril describes 
national character, 
they conunenced with 
that into hell, " smooth is the descent and easy 
fraudulent fiction that fugitives were entitled to (he way," that now they even refuse to admit 
habeas corp•us, entitled to trial by jury in the State that legislative acts are necessary to enable them 
to which they fled. They pretended to believe to defeat Constitution; they profess to defeat 
that fugitive slaves were entitled to more rights 
it by circumvention; 
they think it better to be 
than their white citizens; perhaps they were right, I cuhning than strong. Personal liberty bills are 
they know one another better than do. You the bungling contrivances of a less advanced ac- 
Inay charge a white man with treason, or felony, complishment in crime. I should not be sur- 
or other crime, and you do not require ail y trial prised if they should repeal all of them, for they 
by jury before he is g•ivet) up; there is nothing to do not need them now. Lincoln says they are 
deterntine but that hc is legally charged with a unnecessary; that by the Constitution it is settled 
crime and that he fled, and Lf]en he is to be deliv- that all men are created free and equal, and that 
. ered up upon White people are deliv- 
all Inen are entitled to an equal purticlpation in 
