THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, m 
THILiY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
what may or may not be "necessary for the ex- 
planation. 
Mr; HOUSTON. If 1 can get my colleague's 
ear, I will appeal to him, under the circumstances, 
• the point of order having becn made upon him, 
to let his explanation be of a personal character, 
or abandon the floor and let other gentlemen oc- 
cu it. 
Wr. COBB. I am very much obliged to my 
worthy colleague; but I must be governed in this 
matter by my own sense of duty. 
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to present this view 
to my colleague. He obtained the permission of 
the Housc to make a personal explanation. The 
point of order is made that his debate is general, 
and not persdnal; and the Speaker says that my 
colleague, having obtained the consent of the 
House, has a right to go on. That, in my opin- 
ion, is opening the door very wide on the part of 
the Speaker; and, under his deciéion, great abuses 
may be made in the shape of personal explana- 
tions. A personal explanation ought to be some- 
thing that relates to the person or conduct of the 
member making the explanation. It occurs to me 
that, if the ruling of the Chair is the proper law 
of the House, all I have to do at any time.is to ask 
leave to make a personal explanation—which is 
seldom, if ever, refused—and when I get that per- 
mission, I can, Linder the decision of the Chair, 
on and make a speech on anything and every- 
I think, for the sake of the 
thing that I see fit. 
dispatch of the business of the House, that the 
Speaker ought to rule what the law of common 
sense is, gnd not permit a member, under the 
permission of the House to do one thing, to do 
everything. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has very great 
difficulty in deciding how much it may be neces- 
sary to say in the way of personal explanation. 
It would be impossible, in a great many cases, to 
do it. -We must submit ourselves to the judg- 
ment of the member; and I tt•üst the gentleman 
from Alabama will restrict himself to what he 
deems necessary to his personal explanation. 
Mr. COBB. After the sage advicc given to me 
by my distinguished colleague and others, and 
particularly by the Speaker, I shall endeavor to 
confine myself, as nearly as possible, to what'l 
intend to be personal explanation. I have a dif- 
pevhaps, •of arriving at conclu- 
ferent manner, 
sions than other gentlemen have, and I cannot 
-reach them as suddenly as gentlemen who are 
I am sometimes, 
more in the habit of speaking. 
therefore, obliged to take a little latitude, in order 
to bring the application of my remark& to the 
question I am discussino•. 
I was goincr on to say, sir, that I did not regacd 
the slavery question as having been settled by 
the majority at the late presidential election; and 
I was endeavoring to call upon the Republicans, 
as patriots and men who love their country, to 
do what they say they cannot do because the 
1 say that the 
people have decided the question. 
tariff question entered into the controversy at the 
last election; I say that the internal improvement 
question entered into that controversy; I say the 
homestead question entered int.o that contest; I 
say thc Pacific railroad question entered inio that 
contest; and I am ashamed to acknowledge that 
a question •entered into that contest in relation to 
I made 
the corruptions of the Administration. 
no charges of corruption; on the contrary, I en- 
deavored to defend the Administration; but I 
heard Democrats, who ought to have refrain6d 
from such things, charging the Administration 
with being corrupt. I did not bclicve thc charge; 
but it is a well-known fact that it had its effect 
upon the mind of the country. They said that 
corruption stalked abroad, and •that. it ought to be 
put a stop to. I denied it; but that had some- 
tlnng to do with the decision of the contest. 
I now come to a personal explanation as to 
what my people want; what they expect of their 
representatives; and what they are going to de- 
mand. I know they are making ho preparation 
to receive any proposition; but I am satisfied that 
if the House and Senate would do what is right, 
18 
THÜRSDAY, JANUARY 10, 1861. 
they would stay their movements.until such time R 
as the country could act upon the questions which 
now agitate the Union. My people say they 
have rights in the Territories; and I say they 
have. 'l'hey say those rights must be recognized, 
or cisc we cannot remain together in this Govern- 
ment. That is onc of the issues. They say that 
we have rights of property' in slaves; and the 
North denies that we have any property in slaves. 
That is a question that must be settled. - , We hold 
that it was settled in thc organization of this 
Government. hold that the Constitution has 
settled it. We hold that the decision of the Su- 
preme Court has been, that property does exist 
m slaves. The right of property in slaves was 
recognized in the treaty of peace between Great 
Britain and this country, in 1782, by John Adams 
and other distinguished northern rnen who, lap- 
prehcnd, had as much knowledge of what con- 
stituted property as their descendants have to- 
day. restate the following: 
That slaves are property, and regarded as such by the 
Constitution, has been detenn ined by the highest authority, 
by every departinent of our Governnnent, and the great 
rnass of' the pronuinent statesrnen of our country. 
'I'he Supretne Court ot• t.he United States has decided 
that the Constitution Inakes no distinction between slaves 
and other property, and pledges the. Governrne.nt to protect 
'I'his settled no new principle. Thc same, doctrine was 
it. 
held by the Continental Congress tinder the An.ickes of Con- 
federation, and by the administration ()f• Mr. Madison and 
the United States Senate, under the Constitution, and in 
both instances by the wisest and pure*t Inen that the world 
has over produced; Inen who 'Nedged their lives, their 
sacred honors' the maintenance of the 
property, and 
rights of the country. 
tenns and provisions of the treaty of' Paris, which 
put an end to the war of the Revolution, and the treaty of 
and positive to the point, and admit or no cavil, as appears 
f'rotll t.be following sections : 
Pro eisional articles between the United States Q/ ..a.nerica 
and his Britannic Majesty. 
Am•eed upon by and between Richard Oswald, esquire, 
the cojmnissioner of' his Britannic Majesty, fbr treating of 
peace with the coinmissioners ot• the United States ofAnner- 
ica, in behalf of' his said Majesty, on one part, and John 
Adams, Benjmnili Franklin, John Jay, and Henry Laurens, 
four of thc commissioners of the said States, 
All prisoners on both sides 
" ART. VI i. 
shall be set at liberty, and his Britannic Majesty, with F all 
convenient speed, and without eausine any dest ruction, or 
carrving away any negroes or other property or the A:neri- 
can inhabitants, withdraw ail his arillies, garrisons, and 
fleets t•rorn the said United States, and frolil every fort, piace 
and harbor within the *Line." 
" Done at Paris, November 30, 1782. 
RICIIARD OSWALD, [L. s.] 
" JOHN ADAMS, 
" B. FRANKLIN, 
JOHN JAY, 
HENRY LAURENS. 
Defindiee Treaty of Peace, between the United States of 
Olmerica and his Britannic Maje;ty. 
* And his Britannic Majesty 
ART. VI I. 
shall, with all convenient speed, and without causing any 
destruction, or carrying any negroes or other property of the 
Ainerican inhabitants, withdraw all his armies, 
Done at Paris, Septetnhev 3, 1783. 
" D. HARTLEY, 
"JOHN ADAMS, 
B. FRANKLIN, [L. ] 
JOHN JAY. 
Treaty of Peace and amity, betu.•ceh his Britannic Ma- 
jesty and thc United' States of america. 
(Ratified and confinned by and with the advice and 
eonscnt oftl:e Senate, February II, 1815.) 
shall be restored without 
ART. 
delay, and wit.hout eausina any destruction, and without 
carrying away any of the artillery or other public property 
originaliy captured in the said forts or and which 
shali reinain therein upon the exchange of the ratifications 
of this treaty, or any slaucs or other private property. 
•k 
Done, in triplicate, at Ghent, Decernber 24, 1814. 
"GAMBRIE, 
" HENRY COULBIJRN, [L. s. 
WILLIAM ADAMS 
"JOHN Q. ADAMS 
" J. A. BAYARD, 
" 11. CLAY, 
" JONA. RUSSELL. 
" ALBERT s.] 
Also, a further evidence that slaves are regarded by the 
General Governunent as property, they sell them fÖr debts 
due tbc Governtncnt. 
'J'hesc treaties were signed by ont• wisest and best men. 
'I'he fonner was ratified by the Continental Congress, and 
In either 
the latter by the Senate of the United States. 
b0(ly there was not an objection to the designation ofsiavcs 
as property. There was no othcr idea at the time, or any 
'NEW s' 
other time, ia- the minds-of' ouc patricitie- 
ever will look at the 
to the above-mentioned treaties, and-wnes- of the 
bers of the Continental Congress, and of the Uåitcä BiateS_• 
Sénate, who ratified them, will' duly apptcot-até Xtkie coun• 
seis of the fälse, intriguing poliiiéians, -and the ghüÉtly 
notics, who have brought the •country to 
ruin who have filled the land with bitterness' and 'strité ; 
prostrated every interest; beggaied families, and to'.-add 
g«nter calamities to the bitter fruits of their libots, Sti_ii 
persist in efforts,' the direct tendency Of WhiOliiÉ to light the, 
torch of civil war. 
Is it not' time fot hohest men—pious •andrmoral-minded 
men—to pguse and consider with' candor *tiid '-reason. 
whether they have not followed beyond lhe' bogtnds of 
safety, the lead of weak, corrupt, and selfikh politiéi:üiS 
and whether it ig not better- to return •to- the counsel's an 
practices of' the-great: and - good men who livéd'-för-•tbeir 
country, and died, breathing their last prayer for-national' 
fraternity and the perpetuity of the Union 
" 'I*he admission Llrat slaves we're properzykid•hiöttéd-' 
everything. It is .easy to be thE•Ä6ttlement 
of this Cact, witli due submission to the proyisibns 
Constitution, would settle all controveey beiWe-e•n• ibe 
North and the South, and teraninate the.ruinous feud Which 
irnperils the existence of the Union, is prostrating every. 
interest, and reducin•r Inaoy honest and worthy fanaiiies to 
beggary. 
if, according to the American system of 
arc recognized as property,: it comes with_in the constitu- 
tional guarantee, and the, Federal Government is bound to 
protect it the same as other property, wherever it has juris- 
diction. 'l'hen, whether slaves are ctnrstitutionaiiy recog- 
nized as property, is a question •first to be settled by every 
one 'V110 would be earnest in his politics, or faithful in the 
discharge of his duty as a citizen. If the South have a 
constitutional right that slave property, the same as all othet 
property, shouldbe protected within the scope of the juris- 
diction of the Federal Government, and the. No-rtb will not 
submit to such constitutional guarantee, in justice and•fåir 
dealing, the South ought not: to be held to -subniit to •tho 
bonds of union. Whén it is detennihed that the North will 
not live by the Constitution, can it be claimed in fairness 
thN the South shall? not, then it becomes the -Nortb to 
grant everything thaqhe Constitution secures, Or submit 
With contenuncnt to a aissoltition or tbc Union, and disin- 
tegration of thc whole national system of government." t 
I call upon gentlemen to come forward and en- 
deavot• to save the country. I have dong beheld 
the old ship ofState coming in laden with pros- 
perity. I have seen her make voyage after voy- 
age, and bring in cargo after cargo of prosperity 
to the country. And now we see her dashing to 
pieces in the tempest. Have wc not wrcckcf•s 
enough to go out and try to bringin that old ship, 
and let us see whether we can repair her and make 
her seaworthy again? Iam one of those who will, 
if possible, •encratre in repairing her and puttincr 
her acrain on the bosom of the ocean, so that she 
may go on as before—prosperously. But if thiÅ 
cannot be done, if equality cannot be maintained 
between the States North and South, then my 
people will not remain in the Union, nor will 
advise them to do so. I thank the House for the 
courtesy extended to lie. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 call for the 
of business. 
BURLEY'S DOVETAILING 
Mr. BRIGGS. 1 ask -leave to offer the folio.w- 
ing rdsolution: 
Where.as the act of Congress approved 1860 provides that 
no patent right or patented machine shall hereafter be pur- 
chased by any of the governmental' Départments excepting 
when a special appropriatiqn shall have been rnade for the 
purpose; and whereas Burley's patented dovetailing ma- 
chines have been tested and highly approved by the War and 
Navy Departments, and are now in actual use by the War 
l)eparuncnt, and the. purchase of the rightto use said ma- 
chines was proposed and intended at the time that said law 
'I'hercflore, 
was enacted : 
Be i.t resoleed, That the Committee on Military Affairs be 
instructed to inquire of the proper Departments whether it 
wilt be advisable and expedient for the public interest to 
of the patentee the right to use the aboi'e-named 
machine. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I must insist on the reguldr 
order of business. 
Mr. BRANCH. Does the resolution direct the 
purchase of this patent right? 
Mr. BRIGGS. No, sir; it only'direc,ts the com- 
mittee on Military Affairs to. inquire into the-ex- 
pediency of making the Purchase. 
There being no objection, the resolution was 
considered, and aoreed to. 
STATE. or UNION. 
MI'. NIBLACK. I ask leave to present a 
series of resolutions adopted •by a' public' meet- 
