274 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 7, 
inc in Indiana, -reference to tho -committee of 
thniv:three. 
SHERMAN. call for the regular order 
of business, unless the gentleman has a resolution 
of some kind to present. 
The SPEAKER.. The regular order of busi- 
ness is the call of committees for reports for ref- 
erence, under the rules of the House. 
Mr. HINDMAN. The resolutions presented 
by the gentleman from Indiana—are they pend- 
in 01' are they withdrawn ? 
51'he SPEAKER. They are not before the 
House; because the gent}eman from Ohio calls for 
the fegular order of business. Reports from com- 
mittees are now in order. 
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN , from the Committee of Ways 
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations 
for the naval service for the year ending 30th 
June, 1862; which was read a first and second 
Lime, to the Conmoittee of the Whole on 
the statc of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
IIELYPSOMETER. 
Mr. SHERMAN, from the same committee, 
asked to be discharged from the further consid- 
eration of a communication in regard to an instru- 
ment called the helypsomctcr, for finding a ship's 
position at sea where there.is no natural-horizon, 
and that it be referred to the Committee on Pat- 
ents. 
It was so ordered. 
CHANGE OV STEAMBOAT'S NAME. 
Mr. MOORHEAD, from the Committee on 
Commerce , reported a joint resolution authoriziney 
the change Of name of steamboat J. C. Frémont 
to that of Horizon; which was read first and 
second time. 
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 ask that the joint 
lution be put upon its passacre. 
Mr. SEDGWICK. object. 
'.1'he joint resolution wus referred to u Conl- 
the Whole House, and ordered to bc 
Jnittee of 
printed. 
BOUNTY LANDS TO OTFICL'RS AND SOLDIERS. 
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, introduced 
a resolution construing an act in addition to 
certain acts grunting bounty lands to certain offi- 
cers and soldiers who havc been engaged in the 
military service of the United States; which was 
read a first and second time, referred to thc Com- 
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed. 
110CKArfAY AND LIGGI'I'. 
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the Post 
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the 
relief of Hockaday & Liggit; which was "cud a 
first and second time. 
Mr. ALLEY. I ask that the bill bc put upon 
its passa«rc. 
T hc bill was read. It tippropriatcs $59,576 to 
be allowed to Hocknday & Liggit in full payment 
of the darnacrcs sustained by them in reduciion of 
pa for carrying mails on route 8911. 
1141'. I-IOUSfI'ON. 1 012ject. to considering the 
bill now. 
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, I *nove that thc 
rulcs be suspended, and this bill be put upon its 
passacrc at the present time. This bill, Mr. 
Speaker, passed both Houses of Congress at the 
last session of Congress, but failed to obtain the 
It was fully discussed 
signature, of the President. 
inst session, and regard it as one of the 
at 
most meritorious cases ever presented for the con- 
8ideration of Congress. 
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 thought the bill 
to pass without some examination. understand, 
however, that the matter was discussed last ses- 
sion, nnd that the bill passed both Houses, but 
that for some cause or other it failed to get the 
I therefore wiihdraw 
signature of the President. 
my objection. 
"Mr..lCLY. I ask the gentleman from Massa- 
e.husetts whether this is the same bili that passed 
at last session ? 
Mr. ALLEY. It is. 
The bill was ordered to be en=rosscd and read 
a third time; and being encrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay 
the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter was agreed to. 
FRANKLIN IIAVL"N AND ASSOCIATES. 
Mr. ALLEY, from the' same committee, re- 
ported a bill for the relief of ENInklin Haven and 
his associates; which was read a first apd second 
time, referred to a Com mi ttee of the Whdle House, 
and ordered to be printed. 
WASIIINGTON GOFF. 
•Mr. ALLEY. •from the same committee, re- 
ported adversely on the petition of Washington 
Goff; which was laid on the table, and ordered to 
be printed. 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. 
Mr. CARTER. 1 am directed by the Commit- 
tee for the District of Columbia to ask that Senate 
bills Nos. 474 and 377 be taken from the Speaker's 
table and referred to the Committee for the Dis- 
trict of Columbia. 
There being no obiection, the following bills 
werc taken from the Speaker's table, read a first 
and second time, and referred to the Committee 
for the District of Columbia: 
An act (No. 474) to provide for the payment of 
the claim of J'; W. Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy, 
jr., and Hagh Stewart; and 
An act (No. 377) supplemental to an act enti- 
tled " An act to authorize the•extension, construc- 
tion, and use ofa lateral branch of the Baltimore 
and Ohio railroad into and within the District of 
Columbia." 
SEVENTII CENSUS. 
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the 
Judiciary, reported back .House bill No. 868, to 
amend " An act providing for the taking of the 
seventh census, 'and for other purposes, approved 
May 23, 1850, with the recornmendation that it 
do not pass, and mov;d that it be laid on the table; 
which motion was agreed to. 
PROGRESS OF USEFUL ARTS. 
BINGHAM. 1 am also by the 
Committcc on the Judiciary to report back House 
bill No. 621, to amend an act entitled " An act 
to prcnnote the pro«yress of the useful arts, and to 
repeal all acts and parts of acts heretofore made 
for that purpose," approved July 4, 1836, and 
to rnovc that it bc refin•red to the Comrnit.tee on 
Patcnts, where it properly belongs. 
'I'he question was taken, and the motion was 
agreed to; and the bill was accordingly referred 
to 'the Committee on Patents. 
ALBERT R. IIATCII. 
Mr. BINGHAM, from the same committee, 
made an advcrse report on the petition of Albert 
R. Hatch; which was laid upon the table, and 
ordered to be prin ted. 
LOGAN IIUNTON. 
Mr. BINGHAM. by Com- 
mittee on the Judiciary to report a ioint. resolu- 
tian for the relief of Logan Hunton, of New Ot- 
lear)s, with the recommendation that it do pass. 
I rnove. that it be now considered and passed. 
El'he resolution was read a first and second time 
It 
by its title, and it I,vas then read in extenso. 
dn•ects that there be paid to Logan I-lunton, late 
district attorney of the United States for tho dis- 
trict of Louisiana, out of any money in the Treas- 
ury not otherwise appropriated, tlie sum of $5,000, 
in fuli for his services on behalf of the United 
States, as United States district attorney in the 
several prosecutions heretofore instituted in Lou- 
isiana against Narcisso Lopez and others, for 
violations of the United States neutrality laws, 
by setting on foot military expeditions against 
the island of Cuba. 
The SPEAKER. anyobject.ion to the 
consideration of the resolution at this time ? 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is there any report accom- 
panying the resolution? 
Mr. BINGHAM. There is not; but 1 will 
explain it. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 seems that we ought 
' to have a report before we ure asked to puss the 
joint resolution. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 will state why is no 
In the first place, this case was fully 
report. 
considered by the Comptroller of the United States 
Treasury, Mr. Elisha Whittlesey. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 
Mr. BINGHAM. In 1851. 
I have the whole 
report here, and it will fully explain this case. 
: i He states, among other things, that there are no 
taxable fees allowed to attorneys in the supreme 
court of Louisiana, their compensation not bcin-g 
taxable fees or costs, but quantum mei•uit, or 
such, sum as may be agreed on between clients 
and their attorney'. The rule heretofore adopted 
has been, as members well know, to fix the fees 
of the district attorneys of the United States ac- 
cording to the table of fees in the supreme court 
of the State in which they reside. There being 
no system of taxation of fees in the State of Lou- 
isiana—no rule by which to determine the com- 
pensation of this offcer, Mr. Elisha Whittlesey 
thereupon proceeds to say 
The laws now in force do not provide any compensa- 
tion for the services rendered, except five dollars per diem 
for attendarrce in court, anb the small salary, which are en- 
tirely inadequate for such services. The suits were of great 
importance, ditücult to. mana«e, and required high profes- 
sional attainments and ability, and much time and atten: 
tion. Being paid a small salary and a per diem for his at- 
tendance in court, Mr. Hunton has no legal ciaiiti on the 
Govermnent tor any greater compensation than the law 
prescribes and provides tor them ; but such compensation 
being entirely inadequate, and below the real value of the 
services, less than is paid in nearly all Lbc districts where 
there arc some taxable fees under the State laws, and less 
than was contemplated by Congress at the tune, of passing 
the act to il(hait Louisiana into the Union, April e, 1812, 
Mr. Hunton has an equitable claim on the Government for 
a reasonable cmnpensation for his services." 
Mr. BRANCH. Is this resolution before the 
House? I cannot hear what the honorable gen- 
tieman from Ohio is saying, there is so much con- 
fusion in the House. 
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will hear 
read what the Comptroller of the Treasury says 
upon this case, 1 am sure ho will' not object io the 
passage of this joint resolution. Let the Clerk 
road the passages I have marked in the offcial 
report of Mr. Elisha Whittlesey. 
Mr. BRANCH. I believe that it is not in order 
to put anything upon its passage at this time ex- 
1 
cept by the unanimous consent of thc House. 
think, therefore, that we had better go on under 
the rule, and let this resolution take the same 
course wit.h like resolu tions and bill-s. 
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman from 
North Carolina will withdraw his objection. This 
casc has been a long time before the House, and 
it is one of peculiar merit. 
Mr. BINGHAM. If the I-louse will the 
Comptroller's report to be read, I am sure all 
objection to this casc will be withdrawn. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 will not the 
wishes of all of my friends. If it bc the desire of the 
House to pass resolutions in this way, i 'Will not 
object. 
Mr. SHERMAN. As there seems to be adis- 
position to pass private bills without due consid- 
cration, I move that the rules be suspended, and 
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union. 
PACIFICATION . 
Mr. ÉTHERIDGE. 1 ask the from 
Ohio to yield to me a moment to make suggestion. 
I 'have not, as you know, Mr. Speaker, said a 
word during thc present session in regard to the 
present alarmincr condition of public affairs; nor 
IS it In y purpose to do so at this time to any great 
I only ask the indulgence of the House 
extent. 
for a few moments, while I make one or two ob- 
If, sir, I do not achieve a compen- 
servations. 
sating good for my country, I will liave the proud 
recollection of made an earnest, honest 
effort to do so. 
Mr. BURNETT. What does the gentleman 
propose to do? YVhat does he ask? 
Mr. ETHERIDGEs 1 will re pond to the 
gentleman 's inquiry. I have a joint resolution— 
proposing amendments to the Constitution-—to 
submit to the House, which desire may bc or- 
i do not ask any action on 
dcred to be printed. 
it to-day. My object in having it printed is to 
have it placed upon the desk of every member, 
and before the country through the medium of 
If allowed, I design to have a 
the newspapers. 
It is a prop- 
day set apart for its consideration. 
osition framed in the plainest and most unmistak- 
abfe languaTe,and wili be comprehended by the 
most ordinary understanding. 
'i'hat stops it. 
Mr. JONES. 1 object. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. hope that the gentleman 
from Ohio will withdÉaw his motion to go into 
the Con')mittee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union, so that ',ve may pass the resolution which 
was before us a while ago. 
