1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Mr. MAYNARD. .1 would inquire of the chair- 
man of the 'Committee -of •Ways and -Means 
whether there has been any reduction •of clerical 
f'm•cc in the Pension Office? We know, as a mat- 
ter of fact,. that the business of that offce has been 
reduced one half or three fourths within the last 
two years. 
Mr. SHERMAN, 1 am happy to say that the 
appropriatidn for that offce is about $27,000 less 
than that of last year. There is, therefore, a 
decrease. 
Mr. MAYNARD. That is about twenty-five 
per cent. diminution. Is the chairman of ffe 
Committee of Ways and Means satisfied that this 
is as great a reduction as can be made consist- 
ently With the public service ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose it is. It has been 
made by the transfer of clerks from that bureau 
to otheu• bureaus, where their services seemed to 
be indispensably necessary. 
I move the followino• amendmen t, to comc in 
after the word warrants," in line three huncrred 
and seventy-six 
And for contingent expenses, under act of 3d March, 1855, 
granting bounty lands, and amendatory act of 4th May, 1856, 
{Or patents and other records, stationery, and miscellaneous 
items on account of bognty•land under said act. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. VANDEVER. loffet•thefollowingamcnd- 
ment, to come in after the clause: 
For compensation of the surveyor general of Kansas and 
Nebraska, and the clerks in his oflic'e, $8,300 : Provided, 
'I'hat from and alter Ju— 30, 1861, the surveyor generaPs 
ofhcc for Kansas and Néfraska shali be discontinued ; that 
the office of the surveyor. generat of Wisconsin and Iowa 
shall be removed fronil)ubuque to Sioux city, in the State 
of Iowa ; and that Kansas and Nebraska shall be added 
to the district now cornposed of Wisconsin and Iowa 
and thO Territory of Minnesota, commonly called Dakota; 
which, together, shall -hereatter connpose one surveying 
district; the surveyor generat for which shall receive the 
saine cmnpcnsation heretotöre allowed surveyors-generak 
tor either of said districts ; and so much of the money as is 
herein appropriated for clerks, fuel, books, stationery, and 
other incidental expenses of the said surveyor generaPs 
offccs, as they have heretotöre existed, as Inay be neces- 
sary, be and the same is hereby appropriated for tllé' re- 
moval of the books and records to the new surveyor gen- 
eral's office at Sioux (.N*ity, and tor tbe support thereof: 
.Hnd provided further, That Wisconsin shall be added to 
the surveyor general of Minnesota. 
This amendment, Mr. Chairman, will have the 
effect ofdiscon tin uing one of the offces of surveyor 
general; making one offce less, and consequently 
reducing the cost of the service. At present, Min- 
ncsota is a surveying district by itself. The sur- 
veys in Iowa are nearly completed; and we are in- 
formed by the Commissioner of the General Land 
Offce that, in the course of a year or twö,• all the 
records will be ready to be handed over to the 
Generat Land Office. I have on my desk a letter 
from the Commissioner of the General Land OMce, 
stating that the office in Iowa cannot, for the pres- 
eut, be discontinued without detriment to the pub- 
It simply proposes, for the present 
lic service. 
time, to add that to Kansas and Nebraska, and 
to remove the office to Sioux City, on the Mis- 
souri river, contiguous to the lands Of Kansas, 
Nebraska, Dakota, and Iowa—the western part 
of that State near the Missouri river embracirv 
almost all of the unsurveyed lands within the 
limits of the State. My amendment will reduce 
the, amount necessary to be appropriated. 
This matter was referred to the Committee on 
Public Lands, by a resolution introduced into 
this House from the Committec of Ways and 
that resolution, applied for information to the De- 
partment of the Interior, or rather to the Com- 
missioner of the General Land Offce. I have 
here several letters in response to the inquiries of 
thc Committee on Public Lands. The substance 
of thcm is to the effect that the surveyor general 's 
offcc in Iowa cannot at present be dispensed with 
without serious detriment to the public service. 
It is recommended that thc consolidation proposed 
shall be made, and that Iowa shall be added to 
It is recommended that Kansas, 
the district. 
Nebraska, Dakota, and Iowa, compose one dis- 
trict. The proposition to remove the. surveyor 
general's offce to Sioux City is included in the 
amendment at my own instance. 
Mr. MAYNARD. Let the letters you have be 
Mr. VANDEVER. Here they are. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
GENERAL LAND OFFICE, December 27, 1860. 
Slit: The resolution adopted in the Hduseof Represent- 
atives on the 19th, and filed in this office by you on the 
21st instant, inquires, whether any of the offees of the 
surveyors genera} can be discontinued without detriment 
to the public service." I have, thereforej .Lhe honor to re- 
'I'hat the first section of an act, approved June 12, 1840, 
For the discontinuance of the omee of surveyor general 
in the several districts," &c., (Statutes at Large, vol. 5, 
page. 384, and amcndatory act of January 22, 1853, vol. 10, 
page 152,) confer sufficient authority for the disconånuance 
of surveyors general offices ; and, pursuant to the same, 
the following offices have been closed: For the surveying 
district of Mississippi, in 1849 Alabama, in 1850 ; north- 
west of the Ohio, in 1857 ; and of Arkansas, in 1859. 
'That there exist at' the present time eleven different 
offices of surveyors general in operation, to -wit : 
l. At St. Louis, Missouri, for the surveying district of 
Illinois and Missouri. 
2. At Donaldsonville, Louisiana, for the surveying dis- 
trict of Louisiana, both of which arc in contemplation •of 
being discontinued at an early period. 
3. At St. Augustine, Florida, for the surveying district 
of Florida. 
4. At Dubuque, Iowa, for the surveying district of Wis- 
•consin and Iowa, and the 'I'erritoi•y of Minnesota, com- 
monly•known as Dakota. 
5. At St. Paul, Minnesota, for the surveying district of 
Minnesota. 
6. At Nebraska City, Nebraska Territory, for the sur- 
veying district of Kansas and Nebraska. 
7. At Santa Fé, New Mexico, for the surveying district 
of New Mexico. 
8. At San Francisco, California, for the surveying dis- 
trict of California. 
9. At Eugene City, Oregon, for the -surveying district of 
Oregon. 
10. At Olympia, Washington Territ.ory, for the survcy- 
ing district of VVashington 'I'erritory; and 
II. At Salt Lake City, Utah 'Cerritory,lör the surveying 
dist.rict of Utah Tcrritory. 
The. foregoing oflices of the surveyors general, numbered 
3 to II, both inclusive, cannot, in the opinion of this office, 
bc discontinued within the present, or perhaps • next fiscal 
year, without detriment to the public service under the 
provisions of the acts of Congress above mentioned, {Orthe 
reason that these laws contemplate the colnpletion of the 
surveys in a wholc district bcforc Winding up ; and this ha-s 
not been done in toto in these districts. 
It will be observed, however, that No. 4 is a surveying 
district, consisting of, first..State of' Iowa ; second, State of 
Wisconsin ; third,' Minnesota, or Dakota, 'l'erritory. 
The surveys in .[owtL are cornpleted ; yet there is a large 
amount of office-work, rcquiring, perhaps, a couple years 
10 complete, which Inust be done befOrc the surveying 
archives can be transferred to thc State authorities. 
Congress should confer power upon •the Deparuncnt för 
consolidation ot• surveying distrlcts, or annexing to 
others, contailiing also authority tor t.ransfer ot• location of 
surveyors general onicgs, in cases of such consolidation, 
then bhe Iowa portion of district No. 4 could be attached to, 
say, the Kansas and Nebraska district omce, now at NC- 
braska City, and Dakota to Minnesot.a, leaving, if deemed 
proper, Wisconsin as a separate district. 
'I*he resolution filCd by you, in this omce, is herewith 
returned. 
I havc the honor . to be, respectfully, vour obedient ser- 
vant, 
JOSEPH •S. WILSON, 
Comuzissioncr. 
lion. VANDEVER, thc Conunittee of Public 
Lands, House of Rcprescntatiues. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, 
WASHINGTON, 31, 1860. 
SIR : I have, the honor to inclose the letter of thc Corn- 
missioner of the General Laud Oflicc, of the 27th instant, 
in relation to the strrveying disEricts and survcyors general 
I approve this let- 
ofliceS, and proposed changes therein. 
ter, except as to the form ot• a consolidation, suggested in 
I •think it would be a better arrange. 
the last paragraph. 
rnent to attach Iowa, and the Territory called Dakota, to 
the Nebraska district, and VVisconsi1'l to the Minnesota dis- 
trict; thus reducing the number of offices withoüt detriment 
to the public service. 
Very respectfully, your obedient servant, 
J. THOMPSON, Secretary. 
Hon. W. VANDEVER,Of Conunittee on Public Lands, United 
States House of Representatives. 
Mr. COBB. Let me exactly understand this 
proposition moved by the gentleman from Iowa. 
As I understand, he moves that the surveyor 
general 's officc shall be removed from the place 
where it now is, that is, from Nebraska City, to 
Sioux City. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 merely propose to add 
Dakota and Iowa to the district of Kansas arid 
Nebraska, and to remove the 0Mce to Sioux City. 
Mr. COBB. There is no motion, then, to abol- 
ish the surveyor general's office in Iowa. It is 
proposed to add Iowa to the Kansas district. 
Now, sir, the public lands in Iowa have all, or 
nearly all, been surveyed, while the public lands 
in Kansas, Nebraska, and Dakota have not been 
surveyed. Yet the gentleman from Iowa boldly 
offers in this House_.a proposition to remove the 
surveyor general 's offce from Nebraska City to 
Sioux City; to remÖve it from Nebraska Terri- 
tory into the Statc of Iowa. He proposes, in 
other words, to, remove that office from the Ter- 
ritories, where the lands arc not yet surveyed, 
to a State where they are ali survcyed. Do not 
gentlemen, at the mcu•c statement of the proposi- 
tion, at once perceiVe its injustice with regard to 
Kansas, Nébi•ask4," a-rid: 'Dakotå? Is: fit fair, iS 
just; to ryemöire thavsurvéjöi' génbVål'S'oMCe-,oIF 
some five or seven hundred mfles,? Ought 
be }emoved into the. geht.d-ern•drr'g: Ståtö, 
the public lands have been suf.veyéd? -'•ls 
particle of justice in the proposition: m VI' -believe 
recommended that the surveyor.goriefal 
in Iowa be abolished. I •forget, this momVüt, 
where it is located.- 
Mr.. ALDRICH. It is located Dubuqü€.: 
Mr. COBB. •It is recommended that-tlfat 
at Dubuque shall be abolished. I do not see -why 
it should be abolished. it is not only not pro• 
posed to abolish that offee, but it.ris even moved 
by the gentleman from •Iowa, that. the 
shall be removed from Nebraska to Sioux City, 
in that State; thus compelling (he people of the 
Territories to travel five or seven hundred .miles 
further than they now have to do. As I have 
already -..stated, it is proposéd toh'erfiove.thé omce• 
from the Territories where-the* landÉ 'are net' sur- 
veyed, to where they are nearly ail' surveyed. 
There is no justice in the proposition. Why; theii, 
should we do this acknowledged injustice to 
Territories of Kansas, Nebraska, 'and DakOtå? 
Let the offce remain where it ought to be, -in the 
Territories where the lands remain to be sut€eyed. 
Mr. VANDEVER. lean, 
ation, remove the objection of the gentleman from 
Alabama. Even admitting all the Of 
thé gentleman to be correct, I do not see that the 
injustice would be so glaring as the gentleman 
suggests it would. It would not be so glaring 
even if the instructions for surveying the-public 
lands in any of these Territories were• required 
to emanate from Washington .city, or from any 
point inside or outside of the States. In the 
ress of things, these surveys will continue but u 
few years longer. It is a matterof-' comparatively 
little importance to the people in the Territories 
where the office of the surveyorgeneral may be 
located. The people at large have -lit!leor no busi- 
ness to do with the surveyor generaPs oMce. 
'I'hcy do not have any business with it until the 
completion of the surveys, and- the records aré 
handed over to the Statc authorities. The.gen- 
tleman from Alabama knows that. even to-day the 
most of the information sought for from the va- 
rious surveying districts. is sought for in the oity 
of Washington. The most of tlié 
dcsired is procured from the Generål La-nd Offce 
in this city. The surveyors of the United States 
are not authorized to enter into general corre- 
I spondence with the people of their land districts. 
is proper that thcy should not, and that the in- 
formation should be sought for at the General 
Land Oflice. 
Another thing: here is a vast body of unsur- 
veyed land within the limits of Dakota. Settlers 
arc crowding into that Territory; and if the gen- 
tleman 's argument bc a good one, the people df 
that Territory may justly complain that this 
offce is now so far off upon the Missouri river. 
Sioux City, however, is a central poin_t. Missoui•i -"J 
river divides Iowa from the, opposite. Territory, 
andGi does not matter whether this offce is upon 
the one or the other bank of the 'river. Sioux 
City is the terminus ofa railway Which Will soon 
be completed and in operation. It is easy of ac- 
cess from all points on the Missouri river. 
a safe as well as a proper placc to serve as the 
depository for the records of surveys. 
place where deputy surveyors may speedily 
receive their supplies to fit them for the field. I 
It is recommended by the 
offer the amcndment. 
Secretary of the Interior, as well a-s by the Com- 
missioner of the General Land Offce. 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has 
expired. 
Mr. COBB. I was not aware before that the 
gentleman's speech was being made in my time. 
I will respond to what he has said. It is not only 
the people at large who are interested; but the 
surveyors themselves, who contract to do the 
surveying, are also interested. Suppose man 
takes a contract to survey Dakota: is it fair-to 
compel him to go all the way to Sioux City, in the 
State of Iowa? I do not myself perceive the Feast 
I necessity for establishing this.surveyor general's 
office at Sioux City, when ali the lands:io Iowa 
havc been surveyed; iv.hen, sir, no lands ere left 
for survey. 
The question was taken; and tho amendment 
was rejected. 
