1861. 
Mr. MAYNARD. that the 
osition which came up awhile ago? If it is, I 
must raise the same point Of order upon it. 
Mr. PORTER. Thereis providing for 
the completion of this building. This amendment 
proposes an appropriation for that purpose. It 
for the continuation of ta public work. It seems 
to me that it is clearly in order. 
The CHAIRMAN: The Chair of opinion 
that the amendment is more out •of order now than 
it was when it was ruled out before. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 the committee 
rise, and report the bili to the House. 
GARNETT demanded tellers. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. GARNETT 
and BABBITT were appointed. 
The,committee divided; and the tellets reported 
—ayes 86, noes 3; no quorum voting. 
The roll was accordingly called; and the fol- 
lowing members failed to answer to their names: 
Messrs. Charlcs F. Adams, Ashmore, Barr, Barret, Bo- 
cock, Bonham, Boteler, Boyce, Brabson, Bristow, Burn- 
ham, Butterfield, Campbell, Case, Horace F. Clark, Clark 
B. Cochrane, Conkling, Corwin., Burton Cräige, Crawford, 
Currv, Curtis, Davidson, H. Winter Davis, Reuben Davis, 
Dunn, Edmundson, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fouke, Graharn, 
a. Morrison Harris, Hill, Hindman, William A. Howard, 
uurnphrey, Jackson, Jenkins, -Keitt, Williafii Kellogg, 
Ki'linger, Kunket, Larnar, Larrabee, Leake, Logan, Love, 
Maclay, Marston, McQueen, Miles, Mihson, Sydenham 
Moore, Morrill, Isaac N. Morris, Nélson, Noell, Pendleton, 
Phelps, Potter, Pugh, Quarles, -Reagan, John H. Reynolds, 
Christopher Robinson. Rufiin, Rüst, Scott, Scranton, Wil- 
{iam Suith, Somes, Stallworth Jatnes A. Stewart, Stout, 
dnderwood, Vallandighatn, 
Stratton, Tappan, 'i'homas, 
Van Wyck, Verrec, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Webster, 
Whiteley, Windom, Winslow, Woodruff, and Woodson. 
The committee then rose; and the Speaker 
havino• resumed the chair, Mr. ETÉERIDGE re- 
pottea that the Committee of the Whole on the 
state of the Union had, according to order, had 
under consideration the legislative, executive, and 
judicial appropriation bill; and finding itself with- 
out a quorum, had caused the roll to be called, 
and the absentees noted, and had directed him to 
report the names of the absentees to the House. 
A quorum being now present, the Committee 
of the Whole on the state of the Union resumed 
its session. 
The question being on Mr. SHERMAN'S motion 
ghat the committee do now rise, and report the bill 
to the House, 
Mr. GARNETT withdrew his call for a 
division. 
The motion was then agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having 
resumed the chair, Mr. ETHERIDGE reported that 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union had, according to order, had under consid- 
eration the bill (H. R. No. 892) making appro- 
priations for the expenses of the legislative, exec- 
utivc, and judicial departments of the Govern- 
ment for the year ending June 30,11862, and had 
directed him to report the same to the House with 
sundry arnendments, and with a recommendation 
that it do pass. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved the previous question 
on tbe bill. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered. 
The amendments reported by the Committee 
of the Whole on the state of the Union were sev- 
erally read and agreed to. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read 
a third time; and being engrossed', it was accord- 
in i read the third tirné, and passed. 
q•. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote 
by which tbe bili was passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
INDIAN -nosTILITIEs IN CALIFORNIA. 
Mr. BURCH, by unanimous consent, submit- 
ted the folldwing resolution; which was read, con- 
sidered, and agreed to: 
Resolved, That House No. 299, entitled A for 
the payment of expenses incurred in the suppression of 
Indian hostilities in thc St.ate of California," together with 
the amendments reported by the Military Committee, be 
made the speciat order of the day in the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union for the third Thursday 
(the 17th) 'f January, instant. 
Mr. RCH moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the resolution was adopted ; and alsomoved 
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION". 
Mi•. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Speaker, 1 desire to 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
ask the unanimous consent of the House tointrop 
duce a joint resolution providing for amendments 
to the Constitution of the United States. I do 
so, sir, for the purpose of getting them before the 
country and before the members of the House, 
and of having them printed. I will send them to 
the Clerk's desk, that they may be read. If ob- 
jection be made, I will xmove a.suspension of the 
rules. 
I will state to the House frankly that I do not 
want the resolution acted on to-day. I do not 
want any vote upon it to-day. But if it is printed, 
it will be placed upon the tables of members, and 
each one can read it and consider. it for himself. 
I do not intend to provoke any debate upon it in 
the House. The influences I intend to i•esort to to 
get itadopted will be an earnest appeal to the judg- 
ment ot members 
Mr. BARKSDALE. object to debate and 
to the resolution. 
Mr. ETHERIDGE. well, 1 move a suspen- 
Sion of the -rules, to enable me to introduce the 
resolution. 
Mr. HUGHES. I ask for the reading of the 
resolution. 
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be read. 
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 object. 
Mr. A DRAIN. We have a right to have the 
resolution read. 
The SPEAKER. I think you have a right to 
have it read. 
Mr.' BURNETT. rise for the purpose of 
respectfully making an inquiry of the Speaker. 
It IS the first •time, I believe, that it has been de- 
cided that we have a right to have a resolution 
read which is not before the House. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can have an 
answer from the Chair. 'The Chair is of opinion 
that the motion to su*pend the rules brings the 
subject before the House in such a way that the 
House is entitled to •know what the resolution is. 
[Cries of" Certainly." ] Upon the motion to sus- 
perul t.ho rules, therefore, the Chair thinks the 
gentletnan from Tennessee is entitled to have his 
proposition read. 
The Clerk read Mr. ETHENDGE'S resolution, 
as follows: 
A joint resolution —viding for amendinents to the Con- 
stitutiåti of the United States. 
Be it resoh;ed by t/te Senate and House of Representatives 
of the United States of "merica in Congress assembled, That 
the tallowing amendments to the Constitution of the United 
States be proposed to the several States for their adoption 
or ratification : 
ARTICLE 1. Congress shall have no power to interfere 
with slavery in any of the States of the Union. 
ART. 2. Congress shill have no power to interfere with 
or abolish slavery in any of the navy-yards, dock-yards, 
arsenals, forts, or other places ceded to the United States, 
within the lilnits of any States where slavery exists. 
ART. 3. Congress shall have no power to interfere with 
or abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, without the 
consent of the States of Maryland and Virginia; nor with„ 
out the consent of the inhabitants of said District; nor 
without making just compensation to the owners. 
ART. 4. Congress shall have no power to prohibit the 
removal or transportation of slaves from one s}ave State to 
another slave State. 
ART. 5. 'I'he migration or importation of persons held 
to service or labor iOr life, or a term of years into any of 
the States, or the Territories belonging to the dnited States, 
is berpetualjy prohibited; and Congress shall pass all laws 
necessary to make said effective. 
ART. 6. In all that part of the territory of the United 
States, not included within the limits of any State, which 
Mes north of the parallel of 360 30/ of north latitude, sla- 
very, or involuntary servitude, except for crime, whereof 
the party shall have been duly convicted, shall be prohib- 
ited ; and in ail that territory of the United States, notin- 
cluded within the limits of any State, which lies south of 
said parallel of 360 30' of north latitude, neither Congress 
nor any 'i'erritorial Legislature shall have power to pass 
any law abolishing, prohibiting, or in any manner 
ing with the right to hold slaves; and whenever, in any 
portion of the territory owned by the United States north 
or south of the said parallel of 360 301, there shall be, within 
an area of not less than sixty thousand square miles, a pop. 
u)ation equal to the ratio of representation for a member of. 
Congress, the same shall be admitted by Congress into the 
Union as a State, upon the sante footing with the original 
States in all respects whatever, with or without slavery, ns 
its constitution may determine. 
ART. 7. No territory beyond the present limits of the 
United States and tbe Territories thereof shall be hereafter 
acquired by, or annexed to; the United States, unless the 
same be done by a concurrent vote of two thirds of both 
Houses of Congress, or, if the same be acquired by treaty, 
by a vote of two thirds of the Senate. 
ART. 8. Article tour and Section two of the Constitution 
of the United States shall be so amended as tg read as foi- 
lows: A person charged in any State witn treason, felony, 
or other crirne, (against the laws gf said Sta.te.) who- shall 
flee fronl justice and be found in n'nother State, shall, on 
demand of the. executive authority of the State fi•om which 
he fled, tie delivered up, to be rclnoved to the State-having 
; i •jurisdiction of the crime. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, 
the yeas and nays on the: 
rules. 
The -yeas and nayywet•e.-Mdered. 
Mr. STEVENSON. Is 
notice of propositions to 
Mr. ETHERIDGE. 1 
man, and to the klouse•,- that the 
the House. 
Mr. STEVENSON. 
that .1 am justas muchin 
motion-as he is, exce#thqt •I •make au 
the territo north freer, and all south slave. 
Mr. BIRGHAM. oßomer. 
I -object to all debate. 
Mr. STEVENSON. 
the territor I want—— 
The SPdÅKER. No debate i, in order. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. hope-weshäll' not consider 
any mofe of these resolutions proposing-comprö- 
mises. 
I hate them. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Ag *this jig Very 
important question, I move that -'there:bé a of' 
House. 
Mr. BARKSDALE. This is the second 
tempt that has been made this session to patch 
up a compromise, that will' end in nothing, in.my 
judgment. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 call the gentleman 
I object to debate. 
from Mississippi to order. 
The question was taken on Mr. DAus's •mo- 
tion; and the House refused to order call. 
Mr. BURNETT. desire to ask the gentle- 
man from Tennessee whether, if the rules are sus- 
pended, it is his intention to move the previous 
question on his resolution, so as to cut off amend- 
men ts ? 
Mr. ETHERIDGE. It is not. 
a vote on the ro psition to-day. 
MY. WA*BRNE, of Illinois. 
1 call the 
gentleman to order. No debate is in Order. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 wish inquire of 
the gentleman from Tennessee whether it is his 
purpose to makc the joint resolution the speciat 
order for some future day ? 
Mr. ETHERIDGE. 1 intend -to make that 
motion, if the House will suspend the-rules. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 if*this 
is substantially the proposition. agreed upon by 
the border States committee ? 
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Substantially. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is this debate in 
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then 1 object to it. 
The question was taken on Mr. ETHERIDGE'S 
motion to suspend the rules; and there were— 
yeas 83, nays 78; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Allen, Thomas 
L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Avery, Barret, Bocock, 
Branch, Briggs, Brown, Burch, Burnett, Jobn B., Clark, 
Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane, cox} James Craig,John 
G, Davis, De Jar-nette, Dimmiek2 English, Ethendge, 
Florence, Fouke Garnett, Gilmer, Hale, •nan, -Hamilton, 
Hardeman John h'. Harris, 'Haskin, Hatton,- Hill; -Hoard, 
Holman, douston William Howard, Hughes, Kunkel,--Lar- 
rahee, James M. icåch, Loggn., Maclgy, -Mallory, Cbhrles 
D. Martin, Elbert S. Martiü,--Maynard, 
Kenty, McKnight, MOPhersön, Millward, Montgomery, 
Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, Niblack, 
Nixon, Pendleton, Peyton, Pryor, Quarleg Riggs, •James 
C. Robins(h),• Rust, Scott, Sickles, Simmé, Williain' N. H. 
Smith, Spaulding, Stevenson, Stokes, Taylor T-hayer, 
Theaker, Vallandigbam, Vance, Webster, M}ood,•• and 
Wright—83. 
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Aldrich, Alley, •Ash- 
ley, Babbitt, Bedle, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Drayton, Buf- 
finton, Burlingame, Campbell, Carey, Coburn, Cétfax, 
Däwes, •Delano,' Duell, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, 
Farnsworth, Fenton, Perry, Foster, Frank; French, Gdoci), 
Grow, Gurley, Hawkins, I-Ielmick, Hickman, Humphrey, 
Hutchins, Irvine, Francis W, Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, 
Landrum, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, -Longnecker, Loomis, 
Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, Morse, Olin, Perry, 
Pettit, Porter, Pottle, Reagan, Edwin R. Reynolds, Rice, 
Christopher Robinson, Royce, Sedgwick Sherman, Spin- 
ner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan 
Trimble, Vandever, Wade, Waldron, Walton,- Cadwala' 
der C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wells, and Wil- 
son—78. 
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) •the 
rules were not suspended. 
During the roll-call, 
Mr. McKNIGHT said: Without eornmivciog 
i myself to this proposition, I vote ay." 
i Mr. REAGAN (when his name was&lled) 
said : As these propositions have"been deliberately 
rejected by the Republican caucus'?l should lb.ü- 
miliAte myself and misrepresentnny constituents 
i by voting for them * 1 vote s' no. " 
