1861. 
of " Order." ] If the Chain' decides that I have 
no such right, I appeal from •his decision. 
Mr. HINDMAN. My colleague had the floor 
before the roll was called. 
Mr. A DRAIN. I hope the gentleman will bc 
sallowed to put his inquiry. It is only fair that 
he should be indulged. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the gentleman's 
doing anything that is not in order. 
Mr. A DRAIN. .1 will answer the gentleman's 
uestion, With pleasure, if permitted to do so. 
Cries of" Order." ] 
•Mr. RUST. What is the decision of the Chair? 
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that, if 
objected to, debate is not in order, during the call 
of the roll. 
Mr. RUST. The Clerk had not commenced 
calling the roll, when I took the floor. 
The SPEAKER. But the main questiön had 
been ordered ; and that cuts off all debate. 
Mr. RUST. I do not desire to enter into any 
debate. My only desire is to put an inquiry to 
thegent,leman from New Jersey. Upon hisanswer 
may depend the vote 1 shall give on this occasion. 
[Cries of " Order." ] 
Mr. A DRAIN. I hope the-gentlemqn will be 
allowed to propound his interrogatory. [Cries of 
Mr. HINDMAN. May 1 ask the Chair a 
question for information? [Cries of " Order ! ' 
I want to ask the Chair what is 
I am in order. 
I understand the Chair to decide that 
in order. 
when the main question has been ordered, it is 
not in order to ask the mover of a proposition for 
Is that the Chair's decision? I 
information. 
would like to hear from the Chair. 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not order when 
the main question has been ordered to be put, •an- 
less by unanimous consent. The Chair has in- 
dulged gentler6en again and again when debate 
was not in order. He did not call them to order 
when •they seemed to have the general consent to 
proceed. If the gentleman from Arkansas wishcs 
to put a question, the Chair hopes he will be in- 
dulged. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to everything that is 
not in order. 
Mr. RUST, Upon what grounds does the 
member object? 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object, sir, to everything 
not in order. 
Mr. RUST. What is it that is in order? 
Mr. HINDMAN. The Illinois 
does not know anvthing about what is or what 
is not in order. [Laughter.] 
Mr. A DRAIN. 1 fiope the gentleman will be 
permitted to propound his question. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to everything out of 
order. 
Mr. RUST. I take an appeal from the decision 
of the Chair. [Cries of It is too No, 
it is not too late. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right 
to take an appeal, The question is, " Shall the 
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of 
the House?' 
Mr. FLORENCE. I want to hear the ques- 
tion that the gentleman from Arkansas desires to 
propound to the gentleman from C'{ewJersey, be- 
fore I vöte on the appeal froln the decision of the 
Chair. Unless I hear the question, I cannot vote 
intelligently on the appeal. [Laughter.] 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has again and 
again decided debate is not in order after the main 
question has been ordered. Whenever indul- 
gence could be extended to gentlemen, the Chair 
has extended it. Objection is now made, and the 
rule is imperative. 
Mr. RUST. I withdraw my appeal from -the 
decision Qf the Chair. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 ask the Chair to indulge 
me while I put a question to him. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 object to debate. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 have the right to put a 
question to the Chair. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will ask his 
question. Debate is not in order. 
Mr. HINDMAN. I do not propose to debate. 
If gentlemen on the other side would allow me to 
proceed, I would be through in a moment, and 
they would save themselves from being placcd in 
a ridiculous position. [Cries of Order!" 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 object to debate. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 want to inquire of the 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Chair whether it is in order for me to propoudd 
an interrogatory -to the gentleman from NewJerp 
sey, touching the pending resolution which he has 
introduced? [Cries of " It is not in. Order ! " 
I am not asking Black Republican 
gentlemen on the other side for information, but 
the one who is presiding. 
The SPEAKER. Nothing is in order but the 
call of the roll. 
The question was taken; and' it was decided in 
the affrmative—yeas 124, nays 56; as f0110'.vs: 
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams Green Adams, Ad- 
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, William (u. Anderson, AShley, 
Babbitt, Deale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs, 
Buttinton, Burlingame, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Clemens, 
Coburn, John Cochrane, Colfax, Corwin, Covode; Co.x, 
Curtis, John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dimmick, -Due", 
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etberidge,-• Farns- 
worth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Fouke, Frank, French, 
Gooch, Grow, Gudey, Hale, Hall, Haskin Helmick, Hick- 
man, Hoard, Holinän, William Howard, VVilliam A. I•loiv- 
ard,• Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kel- 
logg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kügore, Larrabee, DeWitt 
C. Leach, Logan, Longnecker, Looxnis, Lovejoy, Maclay, 
Marston Charies D. Martin, McClernarnd, McKean, Mc- 
Keniy, hlcKnight, McPherson, Millward, Montgornery, 
Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris Morse, Nixon, Olin, 
P%imer, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Pottle, bdwin R. Reynolds, 
Rice, Riggs, Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson, 
Royce, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, Spaulding, Spinner, 
Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stratton, 'I'appan, 
'I'hayer, 'I'lleaker, Tompkins. 'I'rain, Trlznble, Vandever, 
Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalnder C.Washburn, Ellihu 
B. Washburne, Wells, Wilson, Windom, and Wood—124. 
NAYS—Messrs. 'i'h01nas L. Anderson, Avery, Barks- 
dale, Barret, Bocock, Bouligny, Branch, Brown, Burch, 
Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Jaines Craig, Craw- 
ford, De Jarnette, Florence, Garnett, Gartrell Gilmer, 
Ilagnilton, Harden)an, John Harris, Hatton, ilawkins, 
Hill, Hindnman, Houston, I-Inghe.*, Jones, Kunkel, Lan- 
drum, Jatnes M. Leach, Love, Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, 
Maynard, McRae, Laban Moore, Sydenhatn Moore, 
Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Quåles, 
Reagan, Rust, Scott, 
Sinuns, Singleton, Williani N. H. Smith, Stevenson, 
Stokes, Vallandigharn, Vance, IWebster, and Wright—56. 
So the resolution was adopted 
During the vote, 
Mr. BROWN said: Mr. Speaker, as this res- 
olution maybe construed to mean coercion, I vote 
in the neoative. 
Mr. BURCH. Believing the resolution to be 
an unnecessary fire-brand, and calculatedR0 place 
the Executive in a false position, I vote " no." 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. While favoring 
part of the resolution, I.must, under ' all the cir- 
cumstanaes, vote no." 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Having reason to 
believe that Major Anderson acted under the in- 
structions of thé late Secretary of War, I vote in 
the affirmative. [Laughter.] 
Mr. I)UNN. Having cause to believe that 
Maior Anderson acted solely on his own respons- 
ibifit.y, vote " ay.' 
[Laughter.] 
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 do not desire to bc un- 
derstood as condemning the course of Major An- 
1 think he 
derson; on the contrary I approve it. 
did right; and moreover, that he ought to be sus- 
tained by the Government. But, sir, for other 
reasons, believing the resolution to be untimely, 
I vote " no." 
Mr. HARDEMAN. The Secretary of War 
having unequivocally denounced Major Ander- 
son, I vote " no." 
Mr. HATTON. The same reason that has 
influenced me, duringzthis session of Congress, to 
vote a«yainst all such resolutions as the one now 
before the House—mere declarations of opinion, 
without any practical purpose in view—resolu- 
tions the consideration pf which is calculated, if 
not intended, to create only angry and- mischiev- 
ous discussion—satisfies me as to the propriety 
of my voting against this resolution. Without 
reference to the merits of the proposition, I there- 
fore vote " no." 
Mr. HILL. As the President has not been in 
the habit of deferring his action to this, the House 
of Representatives, and as he has on some occa- 
sions acted adversely to. the wishes of the House, I 
do not think it is necessary for them now to 
back him up. He will pursue whatever course 
he has marked out, regardless of their approba- 
tion. I vote " no. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 have no difficulty in ex- 
plaining rny vole. No explanation is necessary. 
regard of pledges; and 
try into•all 
shed. 
Mr. KUNKEL.' Believing •that- action: of 
Major Anderson was. prompted- desire 
to secure personal safety, than to 
of the country, vote no. 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. 
reasons. whiéh I- gave Wbile ago for notevoting 
to suspend.the rules, willmntrol my vote 
I vote " no." 
WASHBURNE, of 
know whether. these interruptions are Qin -order 
during the call of the roll. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 still 
be permitted to give the reasons for their votes, 
inasmuch as it has been allowed thus far Without 
objection. 
.Mr:. LOGAN.' As the resolution receives my 
unqualified approbation, 1 vote ' 'aye" 
Mr. LONGNECKER+, on-lid loud. cries of 
" Order!" by Mr. WASHBURNE, of 
others.] Believing -that -Major Anderson" didthis 
duty, and his whole duty, in the-.face:of -insteüc- 
tions to the contrary from. the Executive, 
Mr. MALLORY. I hope. my friend.. overt e 
way, from Illinois, will indulge me in a word of 
ex lanation of my vote. 
{Tr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 
Mr. MALLORY. 1 will vote for this or any 
other resolution indorsing _the conduct of Major 
Anderson in moving to a place of safety within 
his jurisdiction, but I will not vote for resolu- 
tion which goes further, and places me in the posi- 
tion of indorsing, beforehand, all the ineasures 
which the President of the United States .may 
choose to take to enforce the laws and- preserve 
the Union. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 now vote against. this 
resolution for the same reason that I voted against 
the resolution introduced some days.since by the 
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr:. PRYOR.] 
Mr. McKENTY. 1 have the honor of repre- 
senting one of the most conservative districts or 
Pennsy vania—one that is strongly Democratic. 
Our pol' Lical amnities and sympathies have been 
always with the South; but do not believe there 
is a single man in my district that does notsustain 
the President in his course. While we have stood 
by South Carolina at. the ballot-box, we cannot 
sustain her act of treason [Mr. GARTRELL. What 
treason?] against the General Government. I feel 
that the act of the President is merely defensive; 
and, sir, the last page of our nation 's history is 
to be a bloody one, let the responsibility rest with 
those who will make it so. I vote ay." 
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. If this resolution 
were confined to Major Anderson, should vote 
for it with great pleasure; but I cannot vote for 
the residue of that resolution. Hence I votes ' no, 
Mr. NIXON. I stand upon the platform of 
the Constitution, the -Union, and the enforcement 
of the-laws as they are; hence I vote 2" a.y.' 
Mr. PEYTON. As 1 believe that ihe;object 
of the mover of. this resautionGs, to 'inaugurate 
civil war in our country, f vote no.' 
Mr. RUST. Knowmg that Major Anderson 
exhibited no extraordinary courage in going from 
n weåk position to a safe one, and believing, if 
it is the intention of the President of, the United 
States to maintain him in that position, it is in 
violation of his plighted word, I vote " no." 
SICKLES. Believing. that my constitu- 
ents are inflexibly opposed to coercion employed 
acainsta sovereign State; nevertheless,convinced 
as I am, that they regard the act of Major Ander- 
son as one •done within the spirit of fiié instruc- 
tions, and from-patriotic motives; and that it is 
the sworn duty of the President, according_to his 
oath, to preserve the Union by the employment 
of all constitutional means, i believe I only give 
expression to the sentiment of the city of New 
York, wher:t I vote " ay." 
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. wish to 
say, explanatory to my vote, that regarding this 
resolution as an obstruction to the success of 
those Offorts which are still being made by the 
The act of Major Anderson was a direct and I friends of peace for the adjustment of our diffcul- 
needless provocation of civil war, and therefore 
Mr. STEYENSON. Ido not know what meas- 
wrong in itself. His conduct deserves censure, 
If it was authorized by the ures the Pfesident of the United States •contem- 
instead of praise. 
President, then he has convicted himself of trea- plates ; therefore, I am unwilling to-commit myself 
to any measure ofcoercion which he might attempt 
son to liberty and the obligations of honor, dis- 
