282 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 9, 
to use against a sovereign State. Whenever he I' vote against it, believing it an improper subject 
does it, I shall be unalterably opposed to it from 
the beginning to the end; and I vote G' no." 
Mr. STOKES. I have no ohjection to the first 
part of this resolution; but I am certainly opposed 
to the•latter part of the resolution, if I understand 
it. Another thing< I do not- believe this resolu- 
tion,.has any tendency to reconcile the diffculties 
between the North and South, or to restore peace. 
[t is known to every member upon this floor that 
i am for peace, for compromise, and for healing 
all these disturbing questions which now distract 
the country; but I do not believe this resolution 
will have any tendency to reconcile these diffcul- 
ties. For these reasons I vote " no. " 
Mr. QUARLES stated that his colleague, Mr. 
THOMAS, was absent from the House in service 
upon a select committee. 
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. This resolution 
No remarks are in order, if 
ob'ected to. 
{ar. MOORE, of Alabama. Just onc word. 
Mr. BRIGGS. I hope the gentleman will be 
allowed to proceed, as that privilege has been 
—anted to others. 
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. This resolution, 
Mr. Speaker, not only commends the conduct of 
Major Anderson in seizing Fort Sumter, butalso 
that of the President in retaining him there. For 
myself, I do not think that either deserves com- 
mendation. But as to Major Anderson 's conduct, 
this House and the public can only form a correct 
judgment when the orders under which he acted 
have been made known. As to the conduct of 
the President, think there can be no two opin- 
ions amon«y candid and impartial men. A solemn 
promise was made by him to the Representatives 
m Congress from South Carolina, that the forts 
in the Charleston harbor should not be reinforced, 
nor tl)eir condition in any manner changed, until 
all efforts at negotiation had failed; these Repre- 
sentatives promising at the same time that there 
should be no seizure of these forts by the, author- 
ities or troops of that State. A solemn compact 
was made between thcm. But history will record 
it, that this Government oc the United States, 
through its chief Executive, violated its pledge, 
and broke faith with that gallant little State. 
On the other hand, how did South Carolina 
act? Did she break her faith, or did she observe 
the stipulations made by her authorized repre- 
sentatives? 'i*hcre was Fort Sumter, a strong 
and almost impregnable fortress, commanding the 
harbor of Charleston, overlooking that city, and 
invulnerable to a weaker power, threatened with 
invasion by a foe vastly superior to herself in 
numbers and in military appliances, Her troops 
could have taken possession of this strong forti- 
ficatiån at any moment. A dozen unarmed men 
could have seized it. W hut an inducement was 
there for South Carolina to have repudiated the 
made by her Representatives, and to 
have taken possession of this fort. She might 
have justified herself upon the grouild of self-de- 
fense; that it was necesSary to prevent any hostile 
troops from occupying a position from wh ich their 
chief city might perhaps be destroyed; that it was 
necessary to seize this fort the protection of 
t_heir homes and families. Had this, however, 
been done by South Carolina, what would the 
world have said? What execrations would have 
been poured upon her and het• citizens, and par- 
ticularly by those who are now offering incense 
to the President for failing to keep his pledgc ! 
Punic faith would have been affixed to her name, 
and hcr infamy would have been proclaimed 
throughout the civilized world. Nor would it 
have been different had some of hcr volunteers or 
a mere mob taken possession, actinc without or- 
ders•, provided the authorities of the State had so 
far ratified the act as to hold possession of that , 
fort. But, to her honor be it said, she kept her 
faith. [Crics of " Order 
I vote " no. 
Mr. BARKSDALE, in giving his vote in the 
negative, made an explanation, amid loud and 
continued cries of order, which rendered his re- 
marks entirely inaudible to the reporters. 
Mr. BARRET. so far -as concerned, 
Order! • ' ' 'Order ! ' 'J Lhave buta few words to 
say. [Cries of " Order!" ] So far as my knowl- 
edge extends, I justify the conduct of Major 
Anderson; but, as i have no offcial information 
in regard to the sukjcct-matter of this resolution, 
this time. I vote no." 
Mr. GILMER. Mr. Speaker, 1 have been 
under the most painful anxiety while this vote 
has been taken. Disconnect this resolution from 
the vote just taken, refusing, even, to have printed 
and considered, the resolution offered by the gen- 
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. ETHERIDGE,] it is 
well enough. Had the rules, on his resolution, 
for a trial to settle the present alarming diffculty 
in some peaceful way, been suspended, as, in all 
deference to the opinion of others, I think they 
ought to have been, I would not feel at liberty to 
vote against this resolution. I know not what is 
to be the result of this vote; but if the resolution 
is defeated , and some gentleman who voted against 
the resolution of the gentleman from Tennessee, 
will move to reconsider that, I will move to re- 
consider the vote on this resolution, if it is dc- 
way, and under different circumstances, to do 
justice to Major Anderson, and to indicate my 
loyalty to the Constitution and my regard for the 
inviolability of the laws. 
To vote for this resolution, in reply to a denial 
of a proposition for peace, would, in my judg- 
ment, make up a record not desired at this time. 
.1 regret to feel it my duty to vote on this resolu- 
tion as I shall. 
If, after we shall have tried to 
adjust our troubles in a peaceful way, and all 
honest efforts in that direction shall have failed, 
it may then be time to hint at other remedies. 
Until all chance for a peaceful adjustment is gone, 
cannot feel it my duty to look after any other. 
If northern gentlemen do not feel at liberty to 
consider a proposition that may tend to peace, 
especially when the mover of it declared his only 
purpose was to secure reflections that might ap• 
pear by amendments, which any gentleman might 
desire—for me, after this stubborn refusal to indi- 
cate a willingness for peace, to vote för this reso- 
lution, would, in my honest opinion, bc wrong. 
I have had the most solicitous concern that we 
might pass this most fearful crisis in some satis- 
factory way, avoiding civil war and bloodshed; 
and that I may still be understood distinctly to be 
for peace, rejecting all suggestions for war, a sense 
of duty constrains me to votc " 
no." 
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. For the reasons 
assigned by my friend from Tennessee, I vote 
no. 
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. Speaker, just one word 
before I vote. I approve of the conduct of iM4ior 
Anderson in his removal to Fort Sumter. I also 
approve of the determination of the President, i? 
such be the fact, not to order his return to Fort 
Moultrie, but to sustain him where he is. More 
than this, sir; believe in that principle of gov- 
ernment which is involved in the last part of this 
resolut.ion: that it is tho duty of our Government, 
as of all Governments, to see that its \aws are re- 
spected and its citizens protected. But, sir, fol- 
lowing, as tl)s resolution does, immediately after 
thc resolutions proposed for consideration by the 
gentleman from Tennessee, [MI'. ETHERIDGE]— 
resolutions which came from the conservative 
men of the South, and were held out by them as 
the olive branch of peace to the country, but 
which a very large majority of the members on 
the other side of the House not only declined to 
support, but actuallv refused to consider, it looks 
as if, instead of tha-t olive branch of peace, the 
sword of war was to be returned. Consequently, 
I cannot vote for this resolution. I vote " no.' 
[Slight applause on the floor and in the galleries.] 
Mr. FLORENCE. How is my vote recorded? 
The SPEAKER. In the negative. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 intend that it shall 
main so recorded, considering this resolution 
[Shouts of "Order!" 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn- 
sylvania is not in order. 
Mr. PHELPS. I desire time to explain my 
vote, but I suppose it would not be accorded me, 
and r shall not violate the rules of the House. I 
vote 'i no.' 
The of the vote was announced as above 
recorded . 
EIGHTII OF JANUARY. 
Mr. SPINNER. 1 move that when the House 
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Wednesday next. 
To-morrow is the anniversary of the battle of 
i NewOrleans,and I presume every gentleman here 
i has sufficient respect for the memory of the old 
I hero, who, if he were alive to-day, would- put an 
end to all these diffculties, to vote for my mo- 
tion. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Everybody is for Jackson. 
Mr. HASKIN. 1 hope we shall adjourn over 
to-morrow in honor of the hero of New Orleans—- 
the man who said " The Union must and shall be 
preserved. 
Mr. LONGNECKER. 1 move that the House 
do now adjourn. 
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn over 
takes precedence. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 demand the yeas 
and nays on that motion, and call for tellers on 
the yeas find nays. I hope that members will not 
adjourn over, but will come here and do their 
duty to their country and to themselves. 
Mr. LANDRUM. The country can attend to 
its duty better than Congress. 
Theoyeas and nays were not ordered. 
The motion to adjourn over was agreed to. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 move that the House do 
now adjourn. 
Mr. BRIGGS I move to reconsider thc vote 
by which the resolution in relation to Major An- 
dcrson was agreed to, and to lay the motion to 
reconsider upon the table. 
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order, 
pending the motion to adjOurn. 
The question was taken on Mr. SICKLES's mo- 
tion; and it was agreed to. 
And thereupon (ata quarter before five o'clock, 
p. m.) the House adjourned till Wednesday next. 
IN SENATE. 
WEDNESDAY, January 9, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. pr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of Monday last was read and 
approved. 
Mr. A. J. GLOSSBRENNER, the Secretary of the 
President of the Uni!ed States, appeared below 
the bar, and announced that he was directcd to 
present to the Senate a. message in writing. 
BILL BECOME A LAW. 
A message from the President' of the United 
States, by Mr. GLOSSBRENNER, his Secretary, an- 
nounced that the President approved and signed, 
I on the 5th instant, an act (S. NO. 523) for the 
relief of George L. Hartsuff, United States Army. 
COMMUNICATION WITH CUINA. 
Mr. SEWARD. I submit a memorial from the 
Chamber of Commerco of the city of Ncw York, 
praying Congress to adopt measures for the ee- 
tablishment of steam postal communication be- 
tween San Francisco, in the State of California, 
and China. I ask that the memorial may be re- 
ferred to tlTe Committee on the Post Oflice and 
Post Roads; and as the subject is a very important 
one, and the rnemorial is argumentative and elab- 
orate, and very interesting and able, I beg leave 
to ask that it be printed ; which motion, I suppose, 
will go the Committee on Printing. 
Mr. G WIN. I hope there will be no objection 
to printing the memorial. It is on a very Import- 
ant subject. Must iL go to the Committee on 
Printink ? 
Mr. HUNTER. It must go there anyhow. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It must go to the 
Committee on Printing, unless by unanimous 
consent. 
T hc memorial was referred to the Committee 
on the Post Offce and Post Roads; and the motion 
to print was referred to the Committee on Print- 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 submit, also, the memorial of 
citizens of the Statc of New York, residing in the 
city of New York. The names subscribed to this 
memorial are those of the most respectable, intelli- 
gent, and patriotic citiz.ens ofthe city of New York. 
They are such as John A. Stevens, James Galla- 
I tin, Robert B. Minturn, William B. Astor, Au- 
i gust Belmont, Moses H. Grinnell, Hamilton Fish, 
Schuyler Livingston, Daniel Lord, Peter Cooper, 
William H. Aspinwall, Wilson G. Hunt, R. M. 
Blatchford, Shepherd Knapp, and others. Thia 
memorial presents the views of those citizens, on 
the subject of thc great events which arc transpir- 
ing in t'he country, affecting the integrity of- the 
