January 9. 
288 
If iriderstand,.the question 
thee Senator from Mississippi has the 
i•ightto have,.thepapér: read as apart of his speecli, 
Or -ta read it himself. 
-ThéPRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
ieom ordering-'the paper to be read. 
-Mr. BAKER. yea." 
Mr. COLLAMER, (when his name was called . ) 
I. desireu;to question is whether 
this paper-Shail be read asa- part of thegentleman 's 
speech? 
'PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
ie- on Ordering. the paper to- be read under the 
rule. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Do 1 understand Chair 
to oonsider ita paper. offered as part of the pro- 
ceedängs of the Senate? 
PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the rule, 
yess sir. 
Mr. COLLAMER. I vote nay. 
Mr. FESSENDEN, (when his name was 
called,) I desire, by -permission of the Senate, to 
say one word, in explanation. i said, when I was 
up before, that if this was offered, as i understood 
it to be offered, as a partof the Senator's speech, 
and merely to be read according to the ordinary 
courtesy of the- Senate, I was favor of it. 
understand now the Chair to say, that it is offered 
to be read as apper on the table, and a part of 
the. proceedings of the- Senate so, I vote 
Mf.• FOSTER" (when his name was called.) I 
desire to say, with ahe permission of the Senate, 
one word; and that is, that I do not- understand 
can take this paper from the Senator from 
Mississippi by our vote. It is his paper. 
question were, whether the paper. sfiould be among 
the archives of the Senate, I would vote nay; 
but regarding it as question whether the paper 
shall be read or not, and not believing that this 
Senate, by a unanimous vote, could make a pri- 
vat.e paper the of the Senate, I must vote 
hile Secretary concluded the culling of the roll. 
I would 
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to vote. 
vot.e yea if I understood the Senator. from Missis- 
sippilto desire to have. the paper read as a part of 
Ins speech; but if it is to be voted upon us a part 
of the proceedings of the Senate, I vote nay. 
The result was announced—yeas 36, nays.13; 
as follows: 
YEAS—Mesxrs. Baker, Bénjamin, Bigler, Bright, Brown, 
-Cameron, Clay, Clingman, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doug- 
ias, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Foster,zGreen, Gwin, ilalc, Elenll)- 
hill, Iverson, Kennedy, Latham, Mallory, Mason, Polk, 
•Powell, Pugh, Rice, Saulsbury, Scbastian, Seward, Slidell, 
Toombs, Wigfall, Wilson, and Yulee—36. 
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham; Chandler, Clark, Collamer, 
DooÜttle, Durkee, Fesgenden, Harlan, King, Ten Eyck, 
Trumbtfll, Wade, and 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The is 
agreed to, und the Clerk will proceed to read the 
comm unication. 
Tha Clerk read it, as follows: 
WASHtNGTON, January I, 1861. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE: 
between the Far.Eies in regard to the possession of the Féd- 
oral forts, in: i'the -harbor of Charleswn; and I therefore 
déepiy that ib your opinion the events Of the last 
tWenty-fouihours render this impossible." 
We expressed no such opinion ; and the language which 
you quote as ours is-altered in its sense by the omission of 
a most important part of the sentence. What we did say 
was: But the events oftbe last twenty-four hours render 
Such an assurance impossible." Place that assurance," 
as contained in our letter,' in the sentence, and we are pre- 
pared to repeat it. Again, profeSsing to quote our lan- 
guage, you say : 
Thus the authorities of South Carolina, without wait- 
inror-asking for any explanation, and doubtless believing, 
as you:have expressed it, that the oflicer had acted notonly 
without but against my orders," Cc. 
We expressed no such opinion in reference to the belief 
of the people of South Carolina. 'I'he language which you 
have quoted wasLapplied solely and entirely to our assur- 
ances obtained here, and based, as-you Welk know, upon 
your own declaration—a declaration which, at that tune, 
it was ilnpossible for the authorities of South Carolina 
have known. 
But, without following this letter into all its details, we 
propose only to meet the chief points of. the argmnent. 
Sonne weeks ago the State of South Carolina declared 
her intention, in the existing condition of public affairs, to 
gecede froin the United States. She called a convention 
of her people to put her declaration in force. The convcn- 
tion Diet and passed the ordinance or secession. All this 
vou anticipated, and your courke of action was thoroughly 
conside:ed in your annual 'nessagc. You declared you had 
no right, and would not attempt, to coerce a seceding State 
but that you were bouud by your constitutional oath, 
would definid the property of' the United States within the 
borders of South Carolina, if an attetnpt was made to take 
it by törce. Seeing very carly that this questiont)t• property 
was a difficult and delicate one, you nnanifestcd a desire to 
settle it without collision. You did not reiniOree thb gar- 
in the harbor of Charleston. You removed a (lis- 
tinguished and veteran officer from the connnand of' Fort 
Moultrie because he attempted to increase his supply of 
mmnunition. You refused to send additional troops to the 
same garrison, when. applied for by the officer appointed 
to succeed him. You accepted the resignation ot• the old- 
est and most enninent tnetnber of your Cabinet, rather than 
allow the garrison to be strengthened. You compelled an 
ofliccr stationed at Fort Sun-ner to return itmnediately to 
the arsenal iOrty muskets which he. had taken to ann his 
Incn. You expressed, not to one, but to many, of the most 
distinguished of our public characters, whose testimony 
will bc Placed upon the record whoncvcr it is necessary, 
your anxiety ftn• a peaceful terrnination ott this controversy, 
and your willingness not to (listurb tbc rnilitae•y status of 
the torts, if conunissioncr.s should be sent to the Govern- 
nncnt, whose conununications you promised to submit to 
Congress. You received and acted on assurances frorn the 
higl)Ost. official authorities Ot'Sout11 Carolina that no att.e.xn pt 
"'()tlld be ntade to disturb your Ibossession ot• the forts and 
property of the United States if you would not disturb their 
and the attenil)t to negotiate had failed. You took fro") 
the metnbers of the House of Representatives a written 
njcxnorandum that no such attempt should be Inadc, " 
' pro- 
vided that no reinfOrcements shall be sent into those forts', 
and their relative Ini\itary status shall runain as at present. 
SIR : We have the honor to acknowledge receipt or 
your 'letter of the 30th of in reply to a note 
dressed by us to you, on the '28th of the same Inonti), as 
commissioners from South Carolina. 
t In retercnce to the declaration with which your reply 
-commences, that your position as President Of Unit.cd 
States was already' defined in the message to Congress of 
tbC'3d instant;" that you possess no power to cha•nge the 
-relations heretofore exiBting between South Carolina and 
niuch less to acknowledge the inde- 
the-United States 
II 
pendence of that State," and that consequently you could 
meet us only as private •gentie:nen ot• the highcst pharaetcr, 
with an entire willingness to communicate to Congress any 
proposition we Inight have to Illake, we deeur it only ne- 
cessary to gay that tbc State ot- South Carotina having, in 
the exercise of that great right of selt2govenuncnt which 
underlies all •our political organizations, declared herself 
sovereign and indcpendent, we, as her representatives, (Olt 
no special solicitude as to the character in which you might 
recognize us. 
Satisfied that the Stato had simply exercised her un- 
questionabie right, we svere prepared, in order to reach 
substantial good, to waive the ibrmal considerations which 
yonrconstitutional scruples mighthave prevented you from 
extending. We came here, therefore, expecting to be re- 
ceived as you did receive us, und perfectly content, with 
any proposition to Congress which Ive might have to make 
upon the subject of thew independence of the State. 
"I'hat 
willingness was arnple recognition of the condition of pub- 
Jic affairs, eM1icii rendered our presence accessarv. 
In this position, however, it is our duty both to-the State 
which we represent and to ourselves, to correct several irn- ! 
portant misconceptions of our letter into which- you havc 
fallen. You say 
It was my earnest desire "that such a disposition might 
be made of the whole subject by Congress, who alone-pog- 
sesses the power to prevent the inauguration ofa civil war 
And although you attach no törce to the acceptance ot• such 
a paper—although you considered it as nothing rmorc in 
enect than the protnlse of highly honorable gcntlemen'•' 
as an obligation on one side without corresponding obliga- 
tion on the other, it tnust be rcmenibered (if we are rightly 
infonned) that you were pledge(l, if you cverdid send rein- 
•forcements, to return it to those from whom you had re- 
ceivcd it before you executed your resolution. You scnt 
orders to your ofliccrs conunanding them strictly to follow 
a line of conduct in coniörmity with such an underStand- 
I!csidcg all this, you had reeeived forinal and official 
notice froni the Governor ot• South Carolina that we had 
been appointed commissioners, and were, 011 our way to 
Miasl)itæton. You knell.' the implied eöndition under which 
we c:une; our nrrival was notfticd to you, and an hour ap- 
pointed for an interview. 
We arrived in Washington on Wednesday, at three 
o'clock, and you appointed an interview with ns at one tho 
next (lay. Early on that day, ('Rhursday,) the news was 
received here of the rnovement of Major Anderson. That 
news was counnunicated to you inemediate]y; and you 
post.poned our meeting until halt• past two o'clock on Fri • 
day, in order that you Inight consult your Cabinet. On 
Friday we saw you ; and we called upon you then to rc- 
deem your pledge. You could not deri.v• it. With the Iäcts 
we havc stated, and in the face of the crowning and con- 
had resigned his 
elusive Caet that your Secretary at War 
seat in the Cabinet upon tbc publicly avowed groilnd that 
the action of Major Anderson had violated the pledged 
faith of the Governtnent, an(l that unless the pledge was 
instantly redeemed he was dishonored, denial was impos- 
sible; you did not deny it. You do not deny it now ; but 
you seek to escape frotn its obligation on the grounds : first, 
that. we terminated all negotiation by demandinz. as a pre- 
liniinary, the withdrawal of the United States troops from 
the harbor of Charleston ; and, second, that the authorities 
of South Carolina. instead of asking and giv- 
ing you the opport'unity to vindicate yourself, took posses- 
Siou other property ot• the United States, We will ex- 
anuinc both. 
in conclusiqm, we would urge upon you the- imrpcdiate 
-withdrawal of the troops from the harbor of Charleston. 
Under-present circumstances, they are. a standing menace, 
Which renders negotiation impossible," " Under pres- 
ent Circumstancc.É." What circmnstances? Why, clearly, 
the occupation-of Fort Suxnter and the disinantling of Fort 
Moultrie by Major Anderson, in the f•äce of your; pledges, 
and without explanation' or practical disavowal. And there 
is nothing in the letter which would or could have pre- 
vented you from declining to withdraw tbe troops and of- 
fering the. restoration of the status to which you were 
pledged if such. had been your desire. It would have been 
wiser and better, in our opinion, to have withdraw•n the 
troops; and this opinion we urged upon you, but-we de- 
maudcd nothing but suctran explanation of the events of 
the last twenty-four hours as-would restore our confidence 
in the spirit witli which the .negotiations should be con- 
ducted. 
In relation to the withdrawal of the troops from the har- 
bor, we are compelled, however, to notice one passage of 
your letter. Reterring to it, you say 
This-I cannot do. This I wilt not do. Such an idea 
was never thought of by •me -in any possible contingency. 
No allusion to it had ever been made in any communica- 
tion between 'nyselt• and any human beino." 
In reply to this statement, we ave coinpelled to say that 
your conversation witli us left upon our minds the distinct 
impression that you •did seriously contelnplate the wilil- 
drawal of the troops from Charleston harbor. And in sup- 
port of this irnpression, we would add that we have the 
positive assurance of gentlmnen ofthe highest possible pub- 
'ic reputation and the Inost unsullied integrity—men whose 
natne and fatne, securcd by Ion" gcrvice and patriotic 
achievernent, place their testimony beyond cavil—that such 
suggestions had been Inade to and urged upon you by them, 
and had törrned the subject of more than one earnest dis- 
cussion with you. And it was this knowledge that induced 
us to urge upon you a policy which had to recommend it its 
own wisd01n and the might of such authority. 
Ag to the second point—that the authorities of South 
Carolina, instead ot- asking explanations, and giving you 
opportunity to vindicate yoursett•, took possession of other 
property ot•the Unitcd States—we would observe : 1. 'l'hat 
even if this wcrc so, it does not avail you for defense, for 
the opponunity for decision wyas afforded you before these 
facts occurred. We arrived in Washington on Wednesday : 
the news from Major Anderson reached here early on 
'I'hursday, and was immediately communicated to you. 
Ali that day inen of the highest consideration ; men who 
had striven successfully to lilt you to your greatoflice ; who 
had been your tried and true friends through the troubles 
of your administration, sought you and entreated you to 
'l'hey told yo•.l that every hour com- 
act—to act at once. 
'J'hey only asked you to give the 
plicated your position. 
assurance, if the facts were so ; that if the conunander had 
acted without and against your orders, and in violation of 
your pledges, you wÖuld restorc the. status you had pledged 
)'our honor to Inaintain. You refused to decide. Your 
Secretary of I.Var, your innnediate and proper adviser in 
this whole Inattcr, waited anxionsly• fer your decision until 
he felt that delay was becolning dishopor. More than 
twelve hours passed, and two Cabinet meetings had ad- 
journed before you kne'v what the authorities of South 
Carolina had done, and your prompt decision at any mo- 
nnent ol'lhat tinie would have avoided the subsequent eoni- 
plications. 
But, if you had known the acts of the authorities of 
South Carolina, should that have prevented your keeping 
your faith? What was thc condition of things? For the 
last sixty days you have had in Charleston barbornot force 
cnough to hold the forts against an equal enemy. Two of 
them were cmpty ; one ot• those two, tine Inost importqnt 
in the harbor. It could have. been taken at any time. You 
ought to know better than any man that it would have been 
taken, but Ibr the efl01tg of those who put their trust in 
your honor. Believing that they were threatened by Fort 
Suunter especially, t.he people were with difficulty re- 
strained from securing without blood the possession of this 
itnportant rortress. Atter Inany and reitera ted assurances 
given on your behalf, which we cannot believe unauthor- 
izcd, they deterniined to forbear, and in good faith sent on 
their connmissioners to negotiate with you. They meant 
you no harm—wished you no ill. They thought of you 
kindly. believed you true, and were willing, as far as was 
consistent with duty, to spare you unnecessary and hostile 
collision. Scarcely had these connuissioncrs left than 
M ajor Anderson vv%ged war. No other words will describe 
It was not a peacefu\ change from one fort to 
his action. 
another: it was a hostile act in the highest sense, and only 
justified in the presence of a superior enemy, and in immi- 
He, abandoned his position, spiked his guns, 
nont peril. 
burnt his gun -carriages, made preparations for the destruc- 
tion of his post, and withdrew under cover ot• the night to 
a safer position. This was war. No.-man could have be- 
lievgl (without your assurance) that any offcer could have 
taken such a step, not only without or(lers, but against 
orders. 
What the State did was in simple self-defense ; for this 
act, with ail its attending circumstances, was as much war 
as firing a volley; and war being thus begun, until those 
commencing it explained their action and disavowed their 
int.ention, there was no room for delay ; and even at this 
moment, while we are writing, it is more than probable, 
from the tenor ot• your letter, that rein(örcements are hur- 
rying on to the conflict, so that when the first gun shall be 
fired there will have been, on your part, one continuous, 
consistent series of actions, commencing in a de:nonstra- 
In the first place, we deny positively that we have 
cver, in any way, inade, any such demand. Our lettcr is tion essentially warlike, supported by regular reinforce- 
it will stand by this on record. In it »ent, and t.erlninating in defeat or victory. And all this 
in your possession ; 
we iniörrn you of the objects of our mission. We say that without the slightest provocation; for; arnong• the many 
things which you have said, there is one thing you cannot 
it would have been our duty to have assured you of our 
say—you have waited -anxiously for' news from the seat of 
readiness to commence neøotiations witi) the most earnest 
war, in hopes that delay would furnish some excuse for this 
and anxious *desire to settle all questions between us arn- 
icably and to our enutual advantage; but that events had precipitation. But this tangible evidence ofa design to 
proceed to a hostile act, on uie part of the authorities of 
rendered that assurance impossible. We stated the events, 
and we said that untit satisfäctöry explanation of these South Carolina," which is-the only justification of Major 
events was given us we could not proceed : and then, hav- Anderson, you are forced to admit, has not yet been al- 
ing made this request fox explanation, we added : And, leged." But you have decided; you have resolved to hold 
