290 
and She Seriatæ can understand it at pnce, and be 
I do not thipk that is a 
prepared -twact upon it. 
suffcient reason för the postponement of a- meas= 
üre sq vitally important. As has been said by the 
Senatov from Obio; if this proposition be not agree- 
able, the time has arrived when we ought to con- 
sider some measure. trust the proposition of 
the Senator froni' Kent3ucky will be considered 
now; that we will .pi•oceed in good earnest, and 
adhere to that consideration until the Senate has 
arrivedM at 'a determination. 
It is utterly unnecessary for me, or any Other 
Senat0%to attempt to-picturc tlie condition of our 
6n3ce' håppy- eoUntry. We are in imminent peril. 
The Government even is•in danger. The whole 
country is deeply agitated. Mutual exasperation 
is inflaming the whole land. Sir, I feel that every 
other question sinks into insignificance compared 
with that embodied in the proposition of the Sen- 
ator from Kentucky; and I will only repeat that 
action ought to be had on his proposition as it 
now stands; for you will remernber it contem- 
plates, first, getting an expression from the peo- 
ple in order that his amcndmcnts may bc adopted 
by a two-thirds vote in Congress, and subn)itted 
to the States for ratification. We have now but 
about seven weeks remaining of tho session; and 
unless '•.ve act promptly, it will be idle to act upon 
the proposition of the Senator from Kentucky at 
all. There will be no time to get the sense of the 
people, and afterwards act upon these proposed 
I therefore trust that no Senator 
amendments. 
Will ask a- postponement; that no other business 
will be interpOscd—the Pacific railrodd bill or any- 
thing else-—but that we shall proceed to consider 
this great' quéstion that involves the peace of the 
country, nnd that we shall adhere to that consid- 
eration late and carly until we have decided, and, 
1 trust, decided happily. 
Sir, I feel deeply the impression that we have 
already neglected this great question. I am onc 
of those ',vho believe that there is a political and 
moral influence in this city, to save the country 
from civil war, and the Union from dissolution; 
and the hour lias come when mcn must assume 
the responsibility and act. 
I cannot believe that 
there a member of this body who is not pre- 
pared to act, and, I trust, act with thc utmost de- 
sire to rcclaim our country from its unhappy con- 
dition.. I am not wilting, for one, even as threat- 
ening as the aspects are, to conclude that it is too 
It is never too late to struggle for this great 
late. 
country, forz this Union under which -we have 
grown and prospered as 40 other people ever did 
before on the face of the earth. For onc, I shall 
not be willing to consider any other proposition; 
and I say that, intended more especially for my 
friend •from California, [Mr. Gw1N,] who is anx- 
ious to get up. his rilih•oad bill. For one, I shall 
insist upon- final action upon these questions that 
concern the peace of the country, before we at- 
tempt to consider anything else. 
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. 
ture Gibbon shall describe the decline and fall ot 
this great Republic, he will date that fall from the 
rejection of the resolutions oß'créd by the Senator 
from Kentucky. I belicvc, firrnly attached as I 
am to the Union of these States, that if those prop- 
ositions are rejected by this Senate. peace '"'111 
have fled the land, and it will in future be in vain 
that we sing hosannas to the Union. 
I hope we 
shall- have vote now, that the country may know 
whether there is patriotism enough in the Senate, 
whether t'here is asincere love enough of the Union 
actuating the minds and governing the action of 
Senators hete, to save it by the adoption of these 
resolutions. 
I will not detain the Senate. 
I feel that the 
moment is an important one. 
I feel that the 
very continuance of this Government rests upon 
the adoption of these resolutions; and I hope that 
we shall proceed to vote upon them. 
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I introduced 
certain resolutions to the notice of the Senate at 
the commencement of the session to-day. I gave 
notice that I would move them asan amendment 
to thc resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky, 
and asked that they might be printed. The Sen- 
ate ordered then•i to bo printed. The manuscript 
went to the Secretary of the Senate, and has gone 
into the hands of the Printer. 
1 have no manu- 
script, nor any cop V of these resolutions, for the 
information of the Scnate as to the amendment 
desire to make; and, therefore, my amendment 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 9, 
cannot be acted on now if these resolutions are 
pressed. I feel the importance of the occasion, 
Mf. President, but I do not believe that an hour 
or two this afternoon wilt be the. salvation of the 
country; and I do not think that we shall receive 
any detriment if we postpone these resolutions 
until to-morrow, in order to act on the amend- 
ment which I propose. I cannot offer it now any 
further to the Senate because i have not the amend- 
ment in my possession. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to 
postpone the further consideration of the resolu- 
tion until to-morrow. 
Mr. POWELL. Before that motion is put, 1 
will ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to 
propose an amendment to the first article pro- 
posed by my colleague. The amendment carries 
out the Intention of the draftsman of the resolu- 
tion. My colleague will accept it. 
Mr. SIMMONS. should like to hear the 
amendment read. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary 
will report the amendment. 
The Sccrctary read it: to insert in linc fourteen 
of the first article of the resolution, after the word 
territory," the words, now held or hereafter 
to be acquired;" so that it will read: 
In all the territory now held or hereafter to be acquired 
south of said line of latitude, Cc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will not be 
in order to act upon that amendment unless by 
common consent. 
Mr. POWELL. I understand it was received 
I hear no objection. 
by common consent. 
Mr. SIMMONS and Mr. GRIMÉS. 1 object. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN: accept the amend- 
ment, if I have a riffht to do so. 
Mr. POWELL. 0 My colleague accepts tho 
amendment. 
Mr. SIMMONS. That does not make ita part 
of the resolution. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairwill 
state to the Senator Kentucky that il is not 
conlpetent for his colleague to accept it except by 
the action of thc Senate. T hc amendment lies 
over under the rules. 
I do not 
Mr. WADE. Let us hear it read. 
know what it is. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The will 
read the amendment. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Let him the article 
with the proposed amendment in, in order to let 
us see how it will read. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
ART. 1. In all the territory of the United States now held 
or hereafter acquired, situate nort.h of latitude 360 30', sla- 
very or involuntary servitude, except as a punishment tor 
critne, is prohibited, while such territory shall remain under 
territorial govcrnm•ent. 
In all the territory now held, or 
hereafter to be acquired, south of said line of latitude, sla- 
very of the African race is hereby recognized as existing, 
and shall not bc interfered with by Congress; but shan bc 
protcetod as property by ali the departinents 0k' the terri- 
torial goverrnnent (lurin(Y its continuance ; and when any 
territorv, north or south of said line, within such bound- 
at•ics as Congress nray prescribe, shall contain the popula- 
tion rcquisite for a Inen')ber of Congress, according to the 
then Federal ratio of representation of the people of the 
IJnited States, it shall, it' its form of government be repub- 
liean, be adnlitted into the Union on an equal footing with 
the original States, with or without slavery, as the consti- 
tution of such new State Inay provide. 
The OFFICER. Objection be- 
incr made, it will not be in order to consider the 
amendment now; and the question recurs on the 
motion to postpone the further consideration of 
the joint resolution until to-morrow at half-past 
twe'lve o'clock. 
The motion was agreed to. 
RAILROAD TO PACIFIC. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 will put it in that shape. 
Mr. MASON. 1 hope not. 
I want to get a 
vote on the resolution which I offered on Satur- 
day, and which I attempted to get up this morn- 
ing, calling for infornnatlon from the Secretary of 
War. I hope, therefore, that this motion will not 
be agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Doos the Sen- 
ator from Pennsylvania insist on his motion to 
reconsider the vote postponing the bill for the 
construction of the Pacific railroad until to-mor- 
row ? 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 do. 
Mr. IVERSON. I ask för the yeas and nays 
on that motion. 
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 18; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, 
Cameron , Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Davis, Doolittle, Fes- 
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Gwin, Hale, Harlan, John- 
son of 'Ilennessee, Kennedy, King, Latham, Mallory, Nich- 
Olson, Pugh. Rice, Seward, Simmons, Sunmer, Tl'en Eyck, 
'I'homson, Wade, Wilkinson, and VVilson—33, 
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Dragg, Bright, Clay, Cling- 
man, Crittenden , Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Ilemphill', Iver- 
son, Lane, Mason, Powell, Saulsbury, Slideik, rroombs, and 
Yuiec—18. 
So the motion to reconsider the vote postponing 
the further consideration of the bill until to-mor- 
row was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER., (Mr. FosTER in 
the chair.) The question now recurs on the ori- 
ginal motion to postpone the further consideration 
of the bill until to-morrow at half past twelve 
o 'clock. 
The motion was not agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is 
before the Senate. 
FLORIDA CLAIMS. 
Mr. IVERSON. to a point of order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Georgia will please state his point of order. 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 know whether this 
bill is now in order in preference to any other. I 
do not understand it to be the unfinished business 
of the last sitting. It was taken up; but there is 
a prior order set for to-day, and I think that of 
course must crowd this out. 
Mr. GWIN. The Pacific railroad bill is before 
the Senate. 
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator will me 
to take up tho other order, will move to post- 
pone it, in order to avoid any furthm• difficulty, to 
sonic future day. I think it is entitled to pre- 
ccdence, being a special order set for to-day. 
ThePRESIDINGOFFlCER. The bill which 
was thc special order for one o'clock was the bill 
decleu•atory of the acts for carrying into effect the 
ilinlh unicle of the treaty between the United 
States and Spain. That '.vas the bill specially 
appointed for one o'clock this day. 
Mr. IVERSON. The railroad bill was set for 
the same titue•, but of course the Florida claims 
bill crowded that out, and now comes up as a 
matter of course in precedence of all others. Does 
the Chair consider that bill now before the Sen- 
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion 
of the Chair, us it is the oldest special order, it 
will stand first in the order of business. 
Mr. IVERSON. Then 1 move to postpone it 
until Wednesday, the 23d of this month, 
and 
make it the special order for that day at one 
o'clo c. 
T motion was agreed to. 
RAILROAD TO PACIFIC. 
Mr. GYVIN. I now move to take up the Pa- 
Mr. BIGLER. As the Senator from Califor- 
cific railroad bill. 
nia [Mr. Gweä] is absent at present, and I know The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re- 
he is very anxious to get up the bill, I will sub- 
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 
mit a motion that the Senate now proceed to the 701) to secure contracts, and make provision for 
consideration of the Pacific railroad bill. 
the safe, certain, and more speedy transportation, 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill was by of mails, troops, munitions of war, 
postponed until to-morrow. 
military and naval stores, between the Atlantic 
Mr. BIGLER. I know that; but we can re- States and those of the Pacific, and for other pur- 
sume its consideration to-day. 
poses; the pending question being on the amend- 
Mr. MASON. I understood it was postponed 
ment of Mr. BRAGG to add to the cnd of the first 
until to-morrow. 
section the following: 
Mr. BIGLER. That is true; but it is perfectly Nor until of incorporation have sub- 
competent for the Senate to reverse that decision 
mitted to and approved by the Congress of the United 
and take up the bill. 
States. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion 
So that the proviso will read: 
must be to reconsider the vote postponing the bill 
Prooided further, That the said persons and their asso- 
ciates shall not be or becolne vested with any grant, righ t, 
until to-morrow. 
