1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
29r 
or interest, intended to be secured by the provisions of this and ought to be amended, in several very import- 
act, otherwise than in a corporate character and capacity, ant particulars; and after that is done, as I think 
to be first acquired by them, or such of them as shall ac. 
it ought to be done, and I hope it will be done— 
ccpt the terms and conditions ot• this act, within the terri- 
torial and State jurisdictions into and throngh which the 
railroad contemplated by this act shall be constructed, nor 
untii said acts of incorporation shaft have been submitted II 
to and approved by the Congress of the United States. 
Mr. YVILKINSON. 1 move that this bill be 
referred to a select committee of five members. It 
seems to me, the bill is so imperfect as it came 
from the House, that for the Senate to go on at 
this time and consider it, would mnkc necessary 
so many amendments, and so much alteration in 
the bill, that the safcst and most direct way to 
perfect it is to refer it to a select committee, so 
that it may be carefully considered. 
Mr. G WIN. I hope the Senate will not adopt 
the motion of the Senator from Minnesota. I be- 
lieve that if this bill is taken from before the Sen- 
ate, it will be its destruction during this session ; 
and I ask every friend of the Pacific railroad to 
stand by the bill as it is, and keep it before the 
Senate. It can be amended, if, in the opinion of 
the majority of the Senate, it is nota perfect bill, 
just as well when it is under consideration in the 
Senate. 
As to the idea of referring it to a select com- 
mittee, why, sir, it has been before six select com- 
mittees of this body already in the last eight or 
nine years, and every one of those bills was be- 
forc the select committee of the lower I-louse 
when they reported this bill. 
If we '.vere to sit 
upon tbc bill until doomsday we could get no more 
information than there is now on the files of the 
Senate. We have got twenty Pacific railroad bills 
now on the fiies of the Senate, to which any mem- 
ber can refer if necessary to make an amendment 
to the bill before the Senate. This motion seems 
to me to be destructive to any action on the Pa- 
cific railroad bilk during this session. There are 
motions now to amend that bill, and it can be per- 
fected by the time the vote is taken —on them, 
as much as it will bc by reference to a committee. 
I have served for years and years as chairman of 
a select committee on the subject. We have 
spent days and weeks of labor in maturing bills 
which are now on the files of the Senate. One 
that was reported during the last session of Con- 
gress is now the first biil in order regularly on I 
the files of the Seuate; and I undertake to say thul 
no committee of this body will ever make a more 
pcrfect bill in its details than that. 'I'he great 
question of difference now is in regard to tho nun-r- 
ber of routes, and we can settle that as wcl\ here 
before the Senate as we can by a select commit- 
I hope, therefore, that the bill will not be 
tee. 
destroyed by being referred to a select committee. 
MI'. BRAGG. According to the Senator from 
California, it seems that this body is to take the 
bilk as it comes from the House of Representa- 
tives, and no other bill. Now, sir, I do not uri- 
derstand that sort of lc«-rislation or that sort of 
management. 
Mr. G WIN'. I said nothing of the sort. 
1 
said the bill could be amended. 
Mr. BRAGG. 1 beg the Senator's pardon. 1 
know he said the bill could be amended, and I 
going on to øive the reasons why I think it ought 
to be referred to a committee. The mere fact that 
itcomes from the other branch of Congress affords 
no reason, it seems to me, in this body, why we 
oue•ht not to take the same course with it as we 
do with other bills of an important character. 
This is a bill of a very important nature. 
volves a large expenditure ofmoney and of means 
by this Government. Now, shall not go into 
the matter at all, nor do-I propose at any time, 
perhaps, to go into the question as to tho number 
of railroads which shall be constructed; but when 
this bill was before the Senate the other day, 
various objections were presented, and sorne of 
them, I think, of a very substantial charac.tct•; 
and it was the evident sense of the body that the 
bill did require amendment in several important 
particulars. Nobody knows better than my ox- 
perienced friend from California that, when divers 
and I think the Senate evinced a disposition to do 
it on Saturday—it is requisite that it should go to 
a committee, in Order that we may not have con- 
fusion produced, and contradictions in the bill. 
It is a long and elaborate bill, and I care not what 
the Senator may say as to the number of similar 
bills that have been before this body, this bill is 
so framed as to require amendment, and I think 
the Senate will amend it. They have already 
amended it in one particular; and the best place 
to see, first, whether amendments ought to be 
put on, and next, how to arrange the whole bill, 
so as to make the amendments cöno•ruous, is a 
select committee. We are not able here to see 
what amendments are necessary in order to per- 
fcct a bill after we once alter it; and it is abso- 
lutely necessary—indispensable almost—that the 
bill, with amendments, should go to a committee,' 
in order that this state of confusion may not be 
produced. 
I hope, therefore, that the motion 
made by the honorable Senator on the other side 
will prevail. 
I have no ideæthat it x.vill result in 
the way the Senator from California says it Nill 
I see no reason why it should result in 
result. 
that way. I see no reason why we should hurry 
this bill through this body, particularly at this 
time, and with the hot haste willi which it is 
pressed. It is an important noeasure. 
It is due 
to the country, and to tho whole country, tum- 
bling to pieces as it is now, that this bill should 
not be hurried through under the circumstances, 
as it is attempted to hurry it through now. It 
ought to be considered, and well considered. In- 
stead of that, •we are met on every occasion here 
with the objection that this bill has been before 
the other House; that it has passed there; and 
appeals are made to gentlemen who arc in favor 
of a Pacific railroad, to stand by this bill, and 
nothing else. 
Is that the proper spirit of legis- 
lat.ion in the Senate of the United States? With 
all proper respect for my friend from California, 
I say that it is not. 
I hope that the motion •will prevail, and that 
this bill, with the various amendments offered, 
will be allowed to go to a committee; and I sup- 
pose, upon that committee, there will probably be I 
a Inajority in favor of the bill. 
It can be consid- 
crcd, it can be arranged, and it can be reported 
t.o the body. But as it is now 
in the way my 
friend is endeavoring to hurry through this bill— 
we are legislating in a great degree in the dark. 
I want the test of a committee as applied to this 
bill. 
It is a patch-work concern. 
care not 
where it was got up. There. are objections to it; 
and the more we consider it, and discuss it, and 
examine it, the more manifest will those objec- 
lions be nnude, I think. 
I want to have the aid 
ofa cotnmittec to examine this bill delibcrately, 
tb see where it ought to be amended. 
Mr. G WIN. The Senator has answered him- 
self in his own speech. He here moves to refer 
this bill to a select commiltec, in order to exam- 
ine it, and to examine the amendments of the Sen- 
ate, when the Senate has put but one amendment 
on it. He says the bill has been urged by its 
friends. Why, Mr. President, we have had but 
one day daring this whole session to consider it; 
and I appeal to the Senate if there has been any 
importunity exhibited by the friends of the bill to 
press it through withouta fair discus- 
If it were to go to a select committee, it 
sion. 
would come back from that committee and be con- 
sidered here probably for weeks; and that is one 
of the very means adopted by the Senator from 
North Carolina, who is an enetny to any species 
of Pacific railroad bill. A thousand committees 
could not frame a bill that he would vote for. 
is part oc the tactics of the encmies of this meas- 
urc to refer it 10 a select committee; and when it 
comes back to the Senate, it will have to undergo i 
the samediscussion as heretofore. A few years ago 
we discussed a bill reported by a select commit- i 
It was disc.usscd 
tec after elaborate investigation. 
amendments are put toa bill, they in some degree t i in the Senate for six weeks—that very bill re- 
disarrange and disorder the bill itself, and that it ported by the select committee, who examined I 
becomes necessary, when those amendments are the subject with as much attenti0k'1 as an V com- 
made, to examine with care in order to see how mittee can now. After six vveeks' discussion, 
the bill will workafter the amendments have been when we had done precisely what the Senator 
says should bc done with this bill; 
that is, after 
put upon it. 
I take it for granted, from what occurred in the discussion and amendment in theSenate, we then 
Scnatc on Saturday, that this bill will be amended, had the bill as amended printed, in order that we 
could consider it as a whole, and see that the amend - 
mentsu)nformed to the original bill. 
If:this bill 
shall •be amended in the Senate, and- those amend* 
ments be material, I shall, when the proper time- 
comes, be in favor of printirp the bill as a'mended , 
in order that we may. examine and see that there 
is no incongruity between the amendments and 
the original bill. 
But, Mr. President, if this bill is evertaken from 
before the Senate at this period of the session, it 
is utterly impossible that we can bring it forward 
again under as favorable auspices as at present. 
We are all ready to vote on the amendments— 
they arc befor& us—offered by the-Senator from 
Minnesota and others. There are various amend- 
ments which the Senator from North Carolina 
notified us he would offer. The Senator from 
Missouri indicated amendments. We are ready 
to act on them now. Here is the bill. You can 
strike out all of it from the enacting clause, und 
insert whatever you please. If it is now referred 
to a select committee, it is the destruction of the- 
measure. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 am not particular about re- 
ferring this bill to a select committee; I am per- 
fectly willing to consider it in the Senate; but 
there is one point which strikes me with a little- 
surprise, and to that 1 wish to call the attention of 
the Senator from California. In the th irty-sixth 
ling of the first section, there must be a mistake. 
It makes a donation of every alternate section 
of land within one mile of such railroad line;" but 
when we get to the fifty-eighth and fifty-ninth 
lines of the same section, it reserves from sale the 
sections within six miles of the road. Is that a 
misprint, or a mistake, or what is it? 
Mr. GWIN. Those lands are to be reserved, 
I presume, until the selection of the sections within 
one mile can be made. 
Mr. GREEN. Then 1 must say this: the south- 
crn road which passes through Texas of course 
o•ets Texas land; when it passes through the 
'Ilerritory of the United States, it gets 'Ünited 
States land; from Ek Paso to the eastern line of 
California, it gets ten sections of land to thé mile, 
and from that point to San Francisco it gets six 
sections of land to the mile, while the central route 
gets but one section of land to the mile. 
I do not 
think that fair treatment. i think it ought to have 
the. samc amount of land as the other, and I wish 
to call the Senator's attention to that, becaüse, 
frorn the form of the bill, I supposed it was a 
misprint. 
I must make this other addilional remark: that 
while the subject of a Pacific railroad has been 
considered foi• twelve years, this identical bill has 
never been considered. It was noteven considered 
in the House. 
It was passed under the whip 
and spur of the previous question, without a word 
of debate. So far as my incormation extends, and 
so far as the Journal of phe proceedings in that 
body indicates, and in this body, the gen era} scope 
and tenor of the bill has not been discussed—only 
a few points to which our attention has been 
called by several members. Now, I want this 
bill put in a proper shape, and I want the central 
route to get an equivalent to what the southern 
route gets. Capitalists will not take hold of itin 
t.his way. YVe are passing a bill and calling it a 
central railroad bill; and yet we so frame it and 
shape it that nobody takes hold of it, and tho 
work is never done. 'I'he •easiest way, and the 
most way, ofaccomplishing works of this 
character, consistent with the Constitution of the 
United States, is to make donations of land. 
would rather diminish the amount of money and 
give an increased amount of land. 
1 only make these remarks now to show the 
Senate that this bill is the most immature bill, 
the least considered, the most ilk-prepared, of any 
that I have e.ver read yet; and while, with the 
Senator from Ohio, I am in favor of a railroad, 
and while I will not be technical and particular 
in exacting everything to conform to my view; 
still, I think ••tve ought to consider the general 
subject, and throw It into the best possible shape. 
If the Senate think they can take it in hand and 
make the requisite amendments—we having dis- 
cussed the general scope and tenor of the bill— 
belter than by referrincr it to a select committee, 
do so, and I will be content; but I am paming 
these defects, to which I will call the attention of 
the Senate if we take it up _ for consideration in 
this body without a reference 
