1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE: 
253 
surveyed; and have United States surveyors do 
I thought then we had -not sufficient informa- 
it. 
tion to enable us to decide where to build these 
roads; but that was laid on the table by the par- 
ticular friends of tho measure, and somehow or 
other it never got up; but it was not by any op- 
position on this Sidc that it was not got up. 
Mr. G WIN. It was passed in the Senate, but 
killed in the I-louse. 
Mr. SINIMONS. I do not know where it wcnt 
to. I voted for it. Now, thc Senator from Ore-•• 
gon says that committees have destroyed this bill. 
The committees always have reported the bills; 
and i? they have been destroyed, it has been in 
open session, and not by any committee. There 
never has been a committee that did not try to 
make a good railroad bill, that ever I knew. You 
cannot force your bilk, that you make in the Scn- 
ate, through the House. 
Mr. BAKER. Will the Senator allow me? 
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly. 
Mr. BAKER. 1 did not mean to be under- 
stood, most certainly, that the committee would 
kill the bill, but sending it to the committee. 
I 
mean that the timo kills it. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 said, when 1 favored this 
method, that I was willing to instruct the Com- 
mittee to report in one week. Ido not want them 
In my deliberate 
to have more time than that. 
.iudgment, it is the quickest way, and a great sav- 
mg of time, to send this bill to a committee. 
Mr. LANE. The motion now', I believe, is to 
postpone indefinitely all bills upon thc subject of 
a railroad to the Pacific. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is 
to postpone indefinitely the bill under considera- 
tion. 
Mr. LANE. well, sir, 1 am in favor of a 
Pacific railroad, and have been for the last teri 
years; and I svould be glad if a bill to make such 
a road had passcd before. But, Mr. President} 
this bill is not such bill as, in my judgtnent, ever 
ought to pass any deliberativc body. it is as near 
a Bill of abominations as any ever (.l%xwn up by 
the skill of man, as I look at it. 'I'here is I')0ta 
redeeming clause in the whole bill, if I read it cor- 
rectly. If has been offered here as a peace meas- 
ure, and urged as necessary to give pcacc to t.be 
country. Now, sir, if peace prcvaiied in the coun- 
try, if good W'ill existed between the sections, the 
passage of such.a measure as this would greatly 
disturb it, unless I be tnislaken; and it would be 
very near cause of breaking up thc Union itself; 
and yct it is offered as a peace measure. 'I'he 
Senator from New York, [Mr. SEWARD,] if I rec- 
olkect aright, in Inaking his speech tbc other day, 
urging the passage of this bill, said it was a great 
peace measurc, necessary to restore harmony in 
the country. Violatc the rights of the States; 
refuse them equality; trample upon the Constitu- 
tion; disregard the decision of the Suprcmc Court, 
and do every other thing to the injury and op- 
pression of nearly half the States of this Union, 
and then come forward and say: We will buy 
you off; your principles are not worth much ; 
$36,000,000 will compromise the whole thing; and 
Is that the way to talk 
your principles may go.' 
to a people who believe they have been injured ? 
Is that the kind of measure that can restore peace 
in the country? Is the passing of a bill that is 
more objectionable than any one ever introduced 
into either branch of Congress—a measure that is 
to be a reward for all the injuries perpetrated 
upon independent and sovereign States of this 
is that the mode of making peace, that 
Union— 
gentlemen propose here? If so, I will say to my 
honorable friend that he has made a mistake; that 
he ha*d better retrace his steps; he had better say: 
4' The irrepressible conflict that he desired to in- 
augurate shall be suppressed; shali be stopped 
now." Hc had better say: " The idca of put- 
ting slavery in course of ultimate extiHction shall 
be abandoned." And he had better say to the 
South: " We will Ict you alone in the enjoyment 
of your rights; the States of this Union arc equal, 
and have equal rights under the Constitution in 
the common territory of the country; and every 
man of every State has a right to go there with 
his property and have it protected." 
If he wiH 
do all this, and do it in earnest, and get his north- 
ern friends to go With him, they may say, as they 
have it in their power to do, " We were just trif- 
ling with you; we never had any intention to in- 
terfere with your rights; we know that you have 
the same right in thc common territory that we 
have; we knowr that all the principles and views 
of the Republican party are wrong; we resorted 
to them for thc sake of power; and now that we 
have succeeded in electing our man. we are will- 
ing to say to you, to the country, and to the 
world, that justice shall prevail." Then peace 
can be restored without undertaking to purchase 
it with 
rvfr. President, this is not the time to diseuss the 
I do not regard 
principles of this Government. 
this Governmentas a great consolidated Govern- 
ment—a national Government in which State lines 
are notknown or State sovereignty is not regarded. 
The other day, when the Senator from Oregon 
[Mr. BAKER] was on the floor, he took occasion 
to speak of this Government as a great consoli- 
dated Government in which States werc not known 
as such, or the sovereignty of States not con- 
sidered entitling thern to rights, if I understood 
him aright; but I have not read his speech. The 
idea was, that thc States had no rights securcd to 
them; that it was a great Government in itself, 
without reference to States 01' Stat.e sovereignty. 
Now, sir, I took occasion to look over the Con- 
stitution a little afterwards, and I found in the 
nineteen articles of the Constitution, including the 
amendments, that States are specially mentioned 
over thirty times; that State sovereignty is recoo 
nized over that rnany times; that States are rofer- 
red to; and I think any rnan, who has examined 
the question, will say that it is a Government of 
States, a confederation of States, a voluntary as- 
sociation of States; and as the Senator from Ohio 
[Mr. PUGH] so handsomely said: the Atlas upon 
which this Union rests, is the sovereignty of these 
'I'his Government is an agent created by 
States. 
them, by their voluntary consent. 
r l'herefore„ it 
is a voluntary association of States, cach of them E 
having equal rights in tho Union. 
Respect them 
as such; regard them as such; main tail') that per- 
fect equality; maintain justice, and deal fairly by 
every man of over y State of the Union; recognize 
every State alike, and peace can be restored with- 
out the passage oc this bill. It is hardly the time 
to pass such a measure. 
I did not intend to say anything about the ques- 
tion of government, or of the equality of States; 
but in connection with the remarks made by the 
Senator from Ncw•York, I have incidentally al- 
But, sir, this bill is pressed at a ino- 
laded to it. 
mont. when every nutn that this country 
is breaking up; when it is being disso\vod; when 
States, exercising tho rights that, they believe they 
have, are repealing their ordinances adopting thc 
Federal Constitution, and taking upon themselves 
the privilege of resuming the powers they con- 
finrred on the General Government. 
'I'hese are 
rights and pos,vers that they believe they have, 
whether it is so or not. Can you expect at such 
a time to restore peace by passing this bill? 
If the country was in a peaceful con- 
think not. 
I dition; if the Union was to-day safe; if it was not 
manifest that it is breaking up—in tho very act of 
being broken up—I would vote for any well guard- 
I am in favor of a Pacific 
ed Pacific railroad bill. 
railroad. I have always been in favor of a Pacific 
railroad. I wöuld rather have a route, must say, 
that would accommodate the lake States, that 
best agriculturäl portion ofthe„coantryj in:a direct 
line, to Portland, neat the- COIUnib\a: river, and'ßö 
Puget Sound , you can cross to China; which is the 
near route and' the only Way to maké a speédy:trip. 
The bill does notanswerthe purpose at all* tlt 
is not the kind of bill that I think Olight to pass. 
I-do notlike to vote for its indefinite- postpone- 
ment, but this bill I think ought to be indefinitely 
postponed, and especially at: this time.-- I do {not 
It is a bad- one. When the -yeas 
like the bill. 
and nays shall be called, though I am Pacific 
man, and am sorby nature, shall so vote. I, like 
every portion Of this country alike. My attach- 
ment strong for one- section as the other. 
My desire through life hag been and shall be,- to 
deal justly, fairly, and honestly by every portion 
of this Confederacy; and i will say to the Senator 
from New Hampshire, or any other Senator from 
a northern Staté, that if any constitutional- right 
should be refused his State, no living man would 
rush sooner than myself, to the restoration, Or 
I live north—further 
maintenance of his right. 
north than any man in the Senate save 
most up to 540 40', or at any ratcßs near to that 
line as a Senator can live. 
have no partiality; 
I have no local feeling, thank God. This is all 
my country; I know but it, and the Constitution 
under which we live; and that Constitution shall 
bc main tained in letter and spirit, in its purity and 
integrity, and justice shall be done to every ingh 
of American soil, to every State under that Con- 
stitution, whether north or south, so far as my 
voice and my vote will go. Though this country 
is about breaking up, and, as I believe, this rail- 
road bill cannot save it, or restore peace, nor pre- 
vent the action of the States that believe it their 
duty to go out, J desire it understood by all par- 
ties, from every portion of the country, that that 
dissolution, if it takes place, ought to be a peace- 
If wo will not deal fairly by our south- 
ful one. 
ern friends; if wc will not allow their States thc 
rights they have under the Constitution; if we will 
not do justice by them; for God 's sake let them, 
if they must go, depart in peace. Letüs have no 
war. No man ought to propose the use of force, 
or bring about collision in th1S country. He who 
does it "is a bad man, and will involve the country 
in great trouble, when it could be saved from such 
a calamity by wise judgment and prudent action. 
Mr. President, I um for peace. I want it' un- 
dea•stood that I would b} very slow to draw a saber 
ora sword against an American citizen. If he 
lives in Maine, he is my brother; if he lives in 
New Hampshire, he is my fellow-citizen; and the 
same in every other State, he, is my countryman. 
I-Ic has tbc rights that I have; and in the main- 
tenance of those rights, I would deal by him in 
every way that was lawrful, peaceable, and proper; 
but, sir, because I live north, I would not refUse 
the southern Slates their tigh ts. No, sir; I would 
secure to them their rights; and I would never 
second the doctrine, nor advocate the idea that 
we will hold them for our use, for our benefit; 
that we will not grant them justice or equality, 
nor will we let them go; but we will hold them 
that we may profit by the revenues collected from 
them; hold them, and make them work as vassals 
do not desire wealth in any such v.,'ay. 
for us. 
I I do not desire the success of my portion oc the 
I want them 
would run over a better portion of country, and country by any such unfair means. 
t to be allowcd their equality, their rights, the right 
reach the Pacific coast where the soil is much bet- 
of going to the Territories (fou• this is the ques- 
tcr than where this onc will reach it; or if wc are 
to have two roads, I should be glad to soeatbird tion,) v'it.h their property, and there having pro- 
one added. But this is not the time to make them; tection—every man of every State with every 
and it is nnt the timc to pledge the credit of the description of property, slavc property, or any 
States of this Union; and it is not the time to in- other property. Upon these principles I intend 
to stand; and if they fall, intend to go down 
volvc them in promises—promises that they will 
certainly never regard, and ought not to regard. with them. Nothing on earth could drive me one 
inch, to the right or left, from a full, honest, 
You force upon them this bill, and wili take noth- 
ing but it—a House bill—and my good friend straight-forward discharge of my duty to my 
from California, my neighbor, whom I '.vould go t country under that Constitution that I have sworn 
to support. 
as far to serve as any man on earth, urges this 
bill as thc very bill; and we are told that we must This is a bad time to pass a railroad bill. It is 
It will not give confidence 
pass it because it has passed tho House of Repre- If not a peace measure. 
sentatives. That is tho worst recommendation to that portion of the country that you would rob 
in the world to nie. [Laughter.] r Ilhe fact that it Of their rights, and then talk of paying for them 
in t.his way. You cannot do it. First do right 
did pass, and in the manner itdid pass there, is the 
very reason that I would look at it closely before by them, and then pass the railroad bill. TheSen- 
ator from Minnesota, who made the motion to 
voting for it. 
I am for a' Pacific railroad. I want San Fran- postpone this bill, is, I know, as anxious -for a 
Cisco but I want Oregon accom- Pacific railroad as any man on this floor. He is 
the friend of a Pacific railroad, and has always 
modated, also; and then, when you have struck 
the Pacific, after running through the best, and, labored for it; but he believes, as I do—and I am 
indeed, the only good valleys on that coast, the I i glad that he took the responsibility of making the 
