294 
n)0ti-on,• for it proper one to make at this time, 
to postpone,- the bill indefinitely—that this bill 
ought not to pass as it is. We shall not have tong 
to wait until Congress will meet again; and if the 
States can all meet here, if any just arrangement 
can be made by which they can all come here 
upon terms of equality, then it will be time to take 
up and consider and. pass a railroad- bill. 
I do not: know what the credit of the United 
States-is t0*day; but it is, perhaps, thirty per cent. 
under pgr, and that, toojw_hen only one State has 
gone off. What will it be when more go? Soon, 
perhaps; it will: not be fifty cents on the dollar. 
Yet, by _the passage of this bill, which must not 
be touched—this holy bill, this sacred bill, that 
was senbto us from the House of Representatives 
under the force of the previous 
opportunity to discuss or amend it—by this bill 
the faith of. the Government is to be pledged for 
and many million acres of the public 
lands. Yes, sir; and those States to whom you 
refuse equality, you will presently hold shall pay 
their proportion of it, and will sell the lands, per- 
haps, at thirty cents on the dollar; for whose ben- 
efit? Not to make a railroad, but for the benefit 
of corporators—fifty-three gentlemen mentioned 
in the bill—on whom you confer all this power 
and these rights forever. You cannot amend or 
alter this bill; but you are to grant these rights to 
these gentlemen forever. They are to take this 
money and do what they please with this work; 
make fortunes out of it, land put them in their 
pocket. We- are required to vote for such a bill. 
Sir, I will vote for postponing it. On reflection I 
hav_e come to the conclusion that that is the best 
thing I can do. I shall vote for the motion to 
postpone the bill indefinitely, believing that the 
most pro -'er thing to do to get rid of it now. 
IV.Lr. RICE. As the Senaie is not full, I am not 
anxious to press the vote at this time; I therefore 
move that the Senate adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjou pned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
WEDNESDAY, January 9, 1861. 
The House met at twclvc o'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
The Journal of Monday last was read and 
of Marymnd, being a member of 
the committee of thirty-three, and therefore enti- 
tled: to Vote_ upon all questions coming before the 
House, recorded hig vote in favor of the resolu- 
lion offered by Mr. ADRAIN, on Monday last, in 
reference to Major Anderson. 
NAVAL ARMAMP,NT. 
Tho SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House communication from thc Scc- 
rctary of the Navy, transmitting, in compliance 
with a resolution of the House of of January, 
1861, a report of the superintendent of ordnance 
of the Washington navy-yard on rifled cannon, 
and the armurncut of ships-of-war; which was 
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed. 
TELEGRAPHIC SIGNALS. 
Mr. MORSE. I ask the unanimous consent of 
the House to offer the following resolution: 
That the Secrctary of the Navy be directed to 
communicate to this Houae any papers, or other infonna- 
tion in big possession, in relation to Coston's telegraphic 
night-signals. 
No objection was made to the reception of the 
resolution. 
Mr. COX, I move to amend the resolution by 
adding to it the followinm: 
And that the Secretary of the Navy be requested to ad- 
visc the House what, if any, experiments he has made in 
the rnatter of governors for marine stcam engines ; what, 
if any such, governor he would recomtnend tot the use of 
thc Navy ; and what expense, in his opinion, would be 
saved to the Government by the use of the governor upon 
any stealnship and propeliers. 
Mr. MORSE. 1 do not think that the gentle- 
man's amendment is of the same nature as my 
resolution. Mine is a mere call for information 
upon the subject of night-signals now in use in 
the Navy, and covers a large amount of inform- 
ation which is necessary, and will be quite inter- 
esting. 
Mr. COX. My amendment has the same ob- 
I hope the gentleman will accept it. 
Mr. MORSE. I accept the amendment. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 9, 
The resolution, as modified by the addition of 
Mr. Cox's pfoposition, was agreed. to. 
MESSAGE TROM THE PRESIDENT. 
A message was received from the President of 
the United States, by A. J. GLOSSBRENNER, his 
private Secretary, informing the House that he 
did, upon the 5th instant, approve and sign an act 
(H. R. No. 436) for the relief of Mrs. Eliza A. 
Merchant,_widow of the late First Lieutenant and 
Brevet Captain Charles G. Merchant, of the Uni- 
tcd States Army; and a bill (H. R. No. 862) 
making appropriation for the support of the Mil- 
itary Academy for the year ending the 30th of 
June, 1862; also communicating to.the House a 
messace in writing. 
PUBLIC PRINTING. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House the eighth annual report of the 
Superintendentof the Public Printing; which was 
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed. 
POSTPONEMENT OF TERRITORIAL BUSINESS. 
Mr. GROW. This day was set apart for ter- 
ritorial business. I ask that that business be post- 
poned until Tuesday and Wednesday of next 
week. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
I must object to 
the postponement of territorial business, unless 
there is some reason for it. The gentleman has 
given none. 'I'he session is fast jussing away, 
and if anything is to be done for tke Territories, 
it ought to bc done as soon as possible. 
I know 
of no reason for postponing the territorial busi- 
ness, unless it be to •wrait for the report of the 
special committee of thirty-three. I have, upon 
several occasions, asked if that committee. in- 
tcnded to make any report; and if so, when; but I 
I have lost all hope of 
have got no information. 
any adjust.mcnt taking place; and I am therefore 
opposed to refcn•ing anything more to that com- 
mittee. 
Mr. GROW. 1 hope the, gentleman from Mis- 
souri will not insist on his objection. T hc House 
set apart two days for territorial business. Thnt 
order was postponed, because the House had re- 
törrcd a part of the business of the Territorial 
Committee to a special committee. That commit- 
tee has not yet reported. Therefore, I have asked 
that this business may be postponed. Formy own 
part, I think that the best way to settle this whole 
question is to organize territorial governments 
over all the territory that the Government owns. 
i am dis- 
That will end all legislation about it. 
posed, however, to extend to the special commit- 
tee that courtesy which is due from one commit- 
tee to another. 
I would inquire of 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether that 
special committee is likely to make a report? If 
so, I will withdraw my objection. I have not 
heard fron'l any member of thc committee as to 
I do not think it 
the progress of the business. 
right t.o have business postponed, unless there be 
sotne prospect of report. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the 
gentleman from Missouri to withdraw his objec- 
tion. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 renew the objection, if it is 
withdrawn in deference to the special committee. 
If there be anv other good reason for postponincy 
the territorial 'business, I will make no objection. 
Mr. GROW. I move to postpone the torri- 
tot•ial business, and to set apart Tuesday and 
Wednesday of next week for it. 
The motion was agreed to. 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. STRATTON. 1 ask leave to present a 
petition, signed by citizens of Princeton, in tho 
State of New Jersey, touching the present con- 
dition of national affairs. It is numerously signed, 
and at the head of the list appears the name of 
the venerable president of the College of New 
Jersey. As this memorial contains some practical 
suggestions, i ask unanimous consent that it may 
It is very short. 
be read. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 object to its being read; 
for if we read all the petitions presented, business 
cannot be properly attended to. Let it be referred. 
The SPEAKER. It will be referred to the 
committee of thirty-three. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object, to reference of 
anything to the committee of thirty-three. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose that this petition 
will be published in the report in the Globe, where 
it will meet the eyes of members, and have the 
same effect as if it were read now. 
Mr. STRATTON. Then 1 move that the pe- 
tition be printed. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object to its being printed. 
A MEMBER. What becomes of the petition 
then ? 
The SPEAKER. It is not considered as being 
. before the House. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. What has been done 
with the President's message ? 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have it read 
to the House immediately. 
Mr. CURTIS. I ask that the petition presented 
by the gentle.man from New Jersey be referred 
to the committee of thirty-three. I raise the point 
of order in regard to the objection of the gentle- 
man from Kentucky, that an objection does not 
If the gentleman prefers its 
its reference. 
reference to another committee, he may make 
that motion. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa 
will recollect that the reception of thepctition was 
objected to. It cannot be received except by 
unanimous consent. 
Mr. GROW. It can be filed under the rules. 
NATIONAL ARMS AND PROPERTY. 
Mr. STANTON. A week ago the Committee 
on Military Affairs was instructed to make certain 
inquiries, with leave to report at any time. I 
now report from that committee a letter from the 
Secretary of War, accompanied by a statement 
as to the distribution of arms during the past year 
to the States, the arms sold, and the condition of 
the arsenals and other public property in tho port 
of Charleston. There are a good deal of rumors, 
and speculations, and misapprehensi01') as to the 
true state of facts in regard to this matter. The 
committee. has instructed me to report to the 
House, and to ask that the statement be printed 
and recommitted to the Committee on Military 
Affairs. 
It was so ordered. 
MESSAGE FROM 'I'llE PRESIDENT. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol- 
lowing message from the President of the United 
States: 
To the Senate and 
House of Representatatioes: 
At thc opening of your present session I called 
your attention to the dangers which threatened the 
existencc of the Union. I expressed mv opinion 
freely concerning the original causes of those dan- 
gers, und recommended such measures as I be- 
lieved would have the effect of tranquilizing the 
country and saving it from the peril in which it 
had been needlessly and most unfortunat.ely in- 
volvcd. Those opinions and recommendations I 
do not propose now to repeat. My own convic- 
tions upon the whole subject remain unchanged. 
The fact that a great calamity was impending 
over the nation was even at that time acknowl- 
edo•ed by every intelligent citizen. It had already 
Inade itself felt throughout the length and breadth 
of' the land. T hc necessary consequences of the 
alarm thus produced were most deplorable. The 
imports fell off with a rapidity never known be- 
fore, except in time of war, in the history of our 
foreign commercc; the Treasury was unexpect- 
edly left without the means which it had reason- 
ably counted upon to meet the public engage- 
ments; trade was paralyzed; manufactures were 
stopped; the best public securities suddenly sunk 
in the market; every species of property depre- 
ciated moie or less; and thousands of poor men, 
who depended upon their daily labor for their 
daily bread, were t.urnod out of employment. 
I deeply regret that I am not able to give you 
any information upon the stateofthe Union which 
is more satisfactory than •„vhat I was then obliged 
to communicate. On the contrary, matters are 
still worse at present than they then were. 
When Congress met, a strong hope pervaded the 
whole public mind that some amicable adjust- 
ment of the subject would speedily be made by 
the representatives of the States and of the peo- 
ple, which might restore peace between the con- 
flicting sections of the country. That hope has 
been diminished by every hour of delay; and 
as the prospect of a bloodless settlement fades 
