1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
295 
away, the public distress becomes more and more 
aørrravated. As evidence of this, it is only neces- 
stu•y to say that the Treasury notes, authorized 
by the act of 17th of December last, were adver- 
tised according to the law, and that no respons- 
ible bidder offered to take any considerable sum 
at par at a lower rate of interest than twelve per 
cent. From these facts it appears that, in a Gov- 
ernment organized like ours, domestic strife, or 
even a well-grounded fear of civil hostilities, is 
more destructive to our public and private inter- 
csts than t.he most. formidable foreign war. 
In my annual message, I expressed the con- 
viction, which I have long deliberately held, and 
which recent reflection has only tended to deepen 
and confirm, that no State has a right, by itsown 
act, to secede from the Union, or throw off its 
Federal obligations at pleasure. I also declared 
my opinion io be, that even if that right existed, 
and should be exercised by anyState of the Con- 
federacy, the executive department of this Gov- 
ernment had no authority, under the Constitu- 
tion, to recognize its validity by acknowledging 
the independence of such State. This left me no 
alternative, as the chief cxecutive oflicer under 
thc Constitution of the United States, but to col- 
lect the public revenues, and to protect the public 
property, so far as this might be practicable un- 
der existing laws. This is still my purpose. My 
province is to execute, and not to make, the laws. 
It belongs to Congress, exclusively, to repeal, to 
modify, or to enlarge their provisions, to meet 
exiccncies as they may occur. I possess no dis- 
pow'er. 
I certainly had no right to make aggressivc war 
upon any Slate; and I am perfectly satisfied that 
tbc Constitution has wisely withheld that poxve.r 
even from Congress. But the right and the duty 
to use military force defensively aoainst t.hosc 
who resist the Federal officers in the execution of 
their legal functions, and againsl those who assail 
the property of the Federal Government, is clear 
and undeniable. 
But the dangerous and hostile attitude of the 
States towards each other has already far trans- 
cended and cast in the shade the ordinary execu- 
tive duties already provided for by law, an(l has 
assumed such vast and alarming proportions as 
to place the subject entirely above and beyond 
executive control. The fact cannot be disguised 
that we are in the midst of a great revolution. In 
all its various bearings, therefore, I commend the 
question to Congress, as the only human tribunal, 
under Providence, possessing the power to meet 
the existing emercre.ncy. r l'o thern exclusively 
belongs the power to declare war, or to authorize 
the enhploymentof military force in all cases con- 
templatcd by the Constitution; and they alone 
possess the power to remove grievances which 
might lead to wm•, and to secure peace and union 
to this distracted country. On them, and on them 
vinced, that the secession movement has been 
chiefly based upon a misapprehension at the South 
of the sentiments of the majority in several of the 
northern States. Let the question be transferred 
from political assemblies to the ballot-box, and 
the people themselves would speedily redress the 
serious grievances which the South have suffered. 
But, in Heaven's name, let the trial be made be- 
före we plunge into armed conflict upon the mere 
assumption that there is no other •alternative. 
Time is a great conservative power. Let us pause 
at this momentous point, and afford the people, 
both north and south, an opportunity for reflec- 
tion. Would that South Carolina had been con- 
vinced of this truth before her precipitate action ! 
I thcrefore appeal through you to the people of 
the country to declare m their might that the 
Union must and shall be preserved by all con- 
stitutional means. I most earnestly recommend 
that you devote yourselves, exclusively, to the 
question how this can be accomplished In peace. 
All other questions, when compared to this, sink 
into insignifieance. The prcsent is no time for 
palliations. Action, prompt action, is required. 
A delay in Congress to prescribe or to recommend 
a distinct and practical proposition for concilia- 
tion, may drive us to a point from which it will 
be almost impossiblc to recede. 
A common. ground on which conciliation and 
harmony can be produced, is surely not unattain- 
'I'he proposition to compromise by letting 
able. 
the North have exclusive control of the territory 
above a certain line, and to give southern institu- 
tions protection below that line, ought to receive 
In itself, indeed, it rnay 
universal approbation. 
not be entirely satisfactory; but when the alter- 
native is between a reasonable concession on both 
sides and a destruction of the Union, it is an im- 
pucation upon the patriotism of Congress to assert 
that its members will hesitate for a moment. 
In several 
Even now the danger is upon us. 
of the States which have not yet seceded , the forts, 
arsenals,and maøazines ofthc United States, have 
been seized. This is by far the most serious step 
which has been taken since the commencement of 
the troubles. This public property has long been 
left without garrisons and troops for its protec- 
tion ; because no person doubted its security under 
the flag of the country in any State of the Union. 
Besides, our small Army has scarcely been sufli- 
cient to ffuard our remote frontiers tvainst Indian 
incursions. The seizure of this property, from 
all appearances, has bccn purely aggressive, and 
not in resistance to uny attempt to coerce a State 
or States to remain in the Union. 
At the begmnmg of these unhappy troubles, I 
determined that no act of mine sl'iould increase 
the excitement in either section of the country. If 
the political conflict were to end in a civil war, it 
was my determined purpose not to commence it, 
nor even to furnish an excuse for it by any act 
after this movement, from which the following is 
an exti•a-ct: 
will add, as my many: things con#inééd 
me that the authorities of the State. designed tp 
a hostile act." 
Evidently referring to the orders, dated Decem- 
ber II, of the late Secretary of War. 
Under this impression, I could not hesitate that it 
my solemn duty to move mv command from a fort Which 
we could not probably have held longer than forty-eight or 
sixty hours, to this one, where my powér of resistance Is 
increased to a very great degree." 
It will be recollected that the concluding part 
of these orders was in the following terms: 
The smallness of your force will not permit -you, pet- 
haps, to occupy more tha-ii one of' the three forts but an 
attack on or attempt_to take possession ofeither one ofthem 
will be regarded as an act of hostility, and you may then put 
your command into either of them which you. rnay deem • 
most proper to increase its power of resistance. You are 
also authorized to take similar defensive steps whenever 
you have tangible evidence of a design to proceed to a-hos- 
tile act." 
It said that serious apprehensions are, tQ some 
extent, entertained, in' which I do not. share-, that 
the peace of this District may be disturbed before 
the 4th of March next, In any event, it will be 
my duty to • preserve it, apd this duty shall be 
performed. 
In conclusion, it may be permitted to me to re- 
mark, that I have often warned my countrymen 
of the dangers which now surround us. This 
may be the last time I shall refer to the subject 
omcially. I feel that my duty has been faithfully, 
though it may be imperfectly, performed; and, 
whatever the result may be, I shall carry to my 
grave tho consciousness that I at least meant well 
for my country. 
JAMES BUCHANAN. 
WASHINGTON CITY, January 8, 1861. 
Mr. HOWARD, ofMichigan. 1 offer tbefol- 
lowing resolution; and on it I demand the pre- 
vious question: 
Resolved, That the message be referred to a special com- 
mittee of five mcnlbero of this [-louse, and that they be in- 
structed to report on the same as early as possible and 
that said conunittec make imnnediate inquiry, and report: 
l. Whether any executive officer of the United States has 
been or is now treating or holding communication with any 
person or persons concerning ttle surrender of any torts, 
fOrtresscg, or public property o? the United States, and 
whether any demand for such surrender has been tnade, 
whcn and by whom, and what answer has been given. ' 2. 
entered into any pledge, agreement, or understanding, with 
ally person or persons, not to send rcinforeements to the 
forts of the United States in the harbor ot• Charleston, and 
the particulars of such ngreelnent, pledge, or understand- 
ing; when, where, aud with it was Inade, and on 
3. VVhat demand for reinforcements 
whiat consideration. 
of the said forts has been made, and (Or what reason such 
reinrorcements have not been titrnished. 4. Where 'be 
of this Government. My opinion remains un- 
alone, •rests the responsibility. 
changed, that justice, as wcll as sound policy, rc- 
The Union is a sacred trust, left by our revo- 
lutionary fathers their descendants; and never I quires us still to seek a pcaccful solution of the 
did any oth(h' people inherit so rich a legacy. It 
has rendered us prosperous in peace and triumph- 
ant in war. The national flag has floated in giory 
over every sea. Under its shadow American cit- 
izens have found protection and respect in all 
lands beneath the sun. If we dcscerld to coy)sid- 
orations of pnrely material interest, when, in the 
history of-all time, has a confederacy been bound 
together by such strong ties of mutual interest? 
Each portion il is dependent on alf, and all 
upon cach portion, for prosperity and domestic 
SQCU rity. Free trade throughout the whole sup- 
plies the wants of one portion from the produc- 
lions of another, and scatters wealth everywhere. 
The great planting and farming States require the 
aid of the commercial and navigating States, to 
questions at issue between the Nort.h and the 
South. Entertaining this conviction, I refrained 
even from sending reinforcements to Major Rn- 
derson, who comtnanded the forts in Charleston 
harbor, until an absolute necessity for doing so 
should make itself apparent, lest it might unjustly 
be regarded as a menace of military coercion, and 
thus furnish, if not a provocation, at least a pre- 
text for an outbreak on the part of South Caro- 
lina. No necessity for these reinforcements 
I was assured by distinguished 
seemed to exist. 
and upright gentlemen of South Carolina, that 
no attack upon Major Anderson was intended; 
but that, on the contrary, it was the desire of the 
State authorities, as much as it was rny own, to 
I avoid the fatal consequences which must eventu- 
send their productions to domestic and foreign ally follow a military collision. 
rnarkets, and to furnish the naval power to render I And here 1 deem it proper to submit, for your 
information, copies of a communication dated 
their transportation secure aøainst all hostile at- 
28th December, 1860, addressed to me by R. W. 
tacks. 
Should the Union perish in the midst of the Barnwell, J. H. Adams, and James L. Orr, com- 
present excitement, we have already had a sad missioners" from South Carolina, with the ac- 
companyinsr d ocU copies of my answer 
foretaste of the tunversal suffering which would 
result from its destruction. The calamity woul(l thereto, dated 31st December. 
Jn farther explanation of Major Anderson 's 
in every portion of the Union, and 
be sever•• 
would be quite as great, t.o say the least, in the removal from Fort Moultrie to Fort Sumter, it 
II 
southerli as in thc northern States. The greatest is proper to state that after my answer to the 
the war De- 
aqyo•ravation of tho evil, and that which would South Carolina " commissioners,' 
piace us in the most unfavorable }ight both before partment received a letter froin that gallant offi- 
ccr, dated 01) the 27th I)ccembcr, 1860, the day i 
the world and posterity, is, as I am firm] y con- 
shkps of the United States are now stationed, with what 
commands, and with what orders. 5. Whether the cus- 
tom-house, post offce, arsenal, and other public buildings 
of the United States at Charleston have becn seized and 
are held in possession by any person or persons. and the 
particulars of such seizure and possession. 6. Whether 
any revenue cutter of the United States has been seized 
and is now held in possession by any person or persons, 
and the particulars thereof; and whether any efforts.have 
capture or recover possession of said vessel. That the com- 
mittee have power to gend for persons and papers, to take 
testimony, and report from tirne to time, as facts materiai 
to the national safety and national honor may be disclosed 
by the evidence. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question 
Is that resolution in order? 
of order. 
Mr. JONES. I object to its admission. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair is decidedly of 
opinion that the resolution is in order. The gen- 
tleman from Michigan has a right. to make a mo- 
tion to commit, with instructions; and on that he 
demands the previous question. The only ques- 
tion before the I-louse now is, shall the previous 
question be seconded? 
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 rise to a in 
connection with the, instructions proposed to be 
given to the select committoc. These instructions, 
in one particular, vary the rules•of the House, 
and therefore cannot be adopted without a two- 
thirds vote. i allude to that portion of the instruc- 
tions which authorizes the committee to reportat 
any time. That changes the rules of the House, 
and I. therefore make the point of order about it. 
The SPEAKER. Let that part of the resolu- 
ti011 be again read , that we may see how the fact is. 
rvlr. HOWARD, of 1M ichigan. The_language 
of the resolution is to report from time to time. 
Mr. HOUSTON. Exactly. That amounts to 
the same tl)inqr 
