1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
299 
the persons engaged in it, the material employed 
in it, and everything connected with it. 
The gentlemen of the Coast Survey service have 
stated that, upon the present.rate of expenditures, 
the survey of the Atlantic and the Gulf coast 
would be completed within eight or ten years; and 
Congress, for the past five or six years, have been 
acting on the idea that such a scale of expend- 
iture ought to be pursued, in order that the work 
may be brought to a close within the period 
fixed. 
I hardly suppose that any gentleman contem- 
plates the permanent suspension of the work. It 
IS a work Indispensable to the commercial inter- 
ests of the country; and the commercial interests 
of the country are intimately connected with all 
other interests. An increase of insurances oper- 
ates unfavorably upon the prices of agricultural 
productions. The whole country is interested in 
bringing about a state of things that will insure 
cheap commerce—that is, cheap transportation, 
cheap freights, and cheap insurance. 
I do not see anything in the existing condition 
of the Treasury, anything in our present affairs, 
which calls for this particular reduction of ex- 
penditure. I see no special reason why we should 
not proceed upon the system which has been 
adopted after full discussion and pursued for a 
series of years. At every session of Congress 
since I have been a member this subject has been 
regularly gone over, 
tbc same arcrumcnts have 
been advanced and met, and the House Was uni- 
formly arrived at tho same conclusion; and that 
is, to pursue the existing svstem of expenditure. 
I do not myself see, because there is a temporary 
suspension of imports and exports, and conse- 
quently a temporary reduction of the revenues ot 
the Government—difficulties which in all human 
probability must pass away in a short time—I 
say 1 do not see what occasion there is for sus- 
pending• this or any other considerablc portion 
of it. The Committee of -yvays and Means pro- 
pose to reduce the appropriation to one half of 
am opposed to it, be- 
the usual expenditure. 
cause it is opposed to what has been and still is 
the settled policy of the Government. We have 
acted on that policy, as I have already stated, for 
I think that the full appropriation 
years past. 
IS cssential to the successful prosecution of the 
work. At all events, I think in thc long run it 
will be best to pursue this system of expenditure, 
and bring the work to a speedy close. 
I do not propose to occupy the tin)e of the c.otn- 
I 
mittee unnecessarily. Let the vote be taken. 
will sustain the amendment of the gentleman from 
Massachusetts, because it follows the estimates 
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and is neces- 
sary to carry on the existing arrancements. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Nit. Chan- 
in Europe. The system of economy has. been 
strict; and if I were called upon to point to a 
bureau in this Government where all the require- 
ments of faithful public servants, in respect to 
the supervision of the expenditures of the public 
money are completely answered, I would point to 
the Coast Survey, 
I have risen, sir, simply to make this brief state- 
ment. As I observed when I rose, I am very fa- 
miliar with the operations of this Coast Survcy. 
have followed it for long years. 
I know its 
progress upon the Atlantic, and upon the Pacific; 
and I would consider it a blow at the commercial 
prosperity of this country—a blow at the wisdom 
and prudence of the Government—if its operations 
were even partially suspended. trust, therefore, 
that the amendment Qf the gentleman from Mas- 
sachusetts, [Mr. ELIOT,] will be agreed to. 
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, having con- 
curred in the recommendation of the Committee 
of Ways and Means for the reduction of this ap- 
propriation, I will. now briefly state the reasons 
which led mk) to that course. Some twelve or fif- 
teen years ago, the expenses of the Coast Survey 
to the Government was from a hundred to a hun- 
dred and fifty thousand dollars per annum, and no 
more. The• estimates submitted to the House at 
this time by the Secretary of the Treasury for the 
coast survey of all the coasts of the United States, 
together with the incidental expcnses connected 
therewith, amounts to the sum of $457,800. The 
Committee of Ways and Means coricluded to re• 
duce that amount; and they have reduced the total 
estimates for the Coast Survey to the sum of 
reduction of little mue than fifty per 
cent. The Treasury, twelve 0k' fifteen years ago, 
was in afar better condition than it is at this timc. 
At that time the credit of the United States was 
good, and its securities commanded par, or a pre- 
mium. At the present time, when your Secretary 
of the Treasury invites proposals for the purchase 
of $5,000,000 of Treasury notes, you have a tender 
of loans of less than threc million dollars, and that 
at a rate of interest ransring from eight to thirtv- 
six per cent. per annt.un•, and you ai•e able to ob- 
tain the whole sum only at an average interest of 
twelve per cent. 
Under these circumstances, the Committee of 
Ways and Meuns believed it their duty to curtail 
and reduce the cxpenscs of the Government where 
ever it could bc done, and to endeavor to restore 
the expenditures upon this hend to what they 
formet•ly were. Whcn the Treasury was over- 
flowing; when there was an abundance of money, 
c very one felt disposed—at Icast those favorable 
to a continuation of the Coast Survey and its com- 
pletion—to appropriate as much rnoney as could 
be reasonably expended during the ensuing fiscal 
• - year; and oftentimes we made. appropriations 
ranging frorn four hundred and fifty to five hun- 
man, I propose to occupy the atteuLion of the 
I trust that II dred thousand dollars. But for the last three 
committee only for few moments. 
the arnendment of the gentleman frotY) Massachu- years the Govermnent has been continually in the 
market borrowing money. At the same time, 
setts will receive the sanction of this committee. 
1 am somewhat familiar with the operations of your revenue has diminished, and a majority 
this House has evinced their determination, by 
the Coast Survey, and I am sonlewhat familiar 
with the rigid economy exercised in the applica- giving away the public lands to those who choose 
to settle on them, to strike down the receipts of 
tion of the fund to the special object of the appro- 
I venture to say that in no other de- the Treasury daring the nextfiscal 
priation. 
partment of the Government has there been equal In other words, you did, by that measure, cut 
economy, or equal success in the application of off one twentieth portion of the revenue of the 
the public money. I venture to say that in no il Government; for the receipts from the sales of 
other service, at home or abroad, has there been I the public lands (luring the next. fiscal year arc 
so little diversion to matters purely of an abstract estimated at the sum of $3,000,000, 
The receipts from the customs for the last three 
I will go further, and say that no man . 
character. 
can show that there has been the diversion of or four years have been inadequate to meet the 
ordinary expenses of the Government; and during 
onc cent of this money to purposes not essential, 
not indispensable, to the Coast Survey. We arc i the last two years the debt of the country has 
engaged in a survey of the coasts of the United been increased $50,000,000, and we are still bor- 
rowimr money. The Governmcnt is very much 
States, and we have to have celestial observations 
in the condition of an embarrassed merchant. We 
to fix points, and a system of triangulations to 
have bccn shinning along by tho issue of Treasury 
connect the points which have thus been fixed. 
notes, because we could do no bett.er. Even of the 
It is essential to observe the celestial bodies. It is 
last, $20,000,000 loan proposed to be raised to rc- 
essential to have observatories. Besides reducin« 
the expense, the use of the electric telegraph has deem 'l'reasury notes, you have realized less than 
I wish, | of the $10,000,000 advertised: and the 
vagtly increased the accuracy of results. 
sir, that a special committee of this House could bidders for the residue have refused to pay the 
after the close: of that war, therevenues increased, 
under the tariff of •1846; and, gome-siX yea_rdag.o, 
the inquiry was, what shall we do with the surplus? 
We were raising more revenue thaw was 
cient for the ordinary expenses of the. Govern- 
ment; and the securities of the Government were 
bought at sixteen per cent. premium. • Now:they 
are below par. 
I ask, then, if the committee 
is to be reproached because they bring forward 
a proposition to reduce the expenses of the Gov- 
ernment? I ask if any great distress is_to befall 
the country if the Coast Survey be prosecuted 
in a way not quite so magnificent or so expens- 
ive as the last- year? I ask if there, to be -any 
suffering except to the employés of the COast 
Survey? And they are the men who, duri6g each 
session of Congress, when we come to act upon 
the appropriation for the continuæion of the sur- 
vey, throng the hotels and boarding-houses of 
Washington, and raise a clamor that we are strik- 
ing down the prosecution of a magnificent work. 
There i* where all, complaint comes from.. You 
would have heard no complaint uttered in this 
Hall if it had not been for the employés in 
Coast Survey; 1 do not say the Superintend- 
ent of the Coast Survey, but those connected 
with it. 
There is still a necessity, if this Government 
keeps together, that we go into the market and bor- 
row more money; for the Treasury notes we have 
authorized to be issued will afford an inadequate 
supply for the ordinary and necessary expenses of 
carrying on the Government. We must resort to 
and negotiate the balance of the loan aut.horized by 
the act: of last Congress; and even then; if your 
commerce remains in its present depressing condi- 
tion, we cannot ne(F0tiate it exce_pt at a ruinous 
rate of interest. The only remedy, then, is this: 
to reduce the expenditures wherever they can be 
In this particular j I think, 
properly reduced. 
they may well be reduced for the ensuing fiscal 
I am willing to say, if the Treasury was 
year. 
full, and there was an abundance of money, I 
should feel no disposition to disturb the estimates 
of appropriations submitted to us upon this head. 
I may furthermore say that, if peace and quiet 
can be given to this country and prosperity Shall 
prevail, at the next session of Congress, un- 
der such' circumstances, I would be willing to 
make additional appropriations for this service 
for the ensuing fiscal year, if such appropria- 
tions shall be needed, and can be judiciously 
expended. 
These are the reasons which have induced mc, 
as a mcmber of the Committee of Ways and 
Means, to reduce this appropriation. The reduc- 
lion is about fifty per cent. upon the total estimate 
submitted to us for the prosecution of this Coast 
Survey. 
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose oflimiting 
debate to five minutes upon amendments, I move 
that the committee rise. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 would suggest to the gentle- 
man from Ohio that, as this debate is legitimate 
thus far, and as the whole subject-matter is still 
under consideration, he will not close debate 
now. 
Mr. SHERMAN. My opinion is, that five 
minutes' debatc would be more serviceable; but I 
will not press my motion now. 
Mr. FLORENCE. I am sure the gentleman 
will have no disposition to close debate upon this 
amendmcnt; for I belicve the cormnittee is becom- 
incr lirepared to restore the item to #250,000. 
T gentleman from Missouri [Mr. P,HELPS] 
has redeemed himself very much in my estima- 
tion by saying that if the present appropriation is 
not sufficient, he will, in the next Congress—if 
there be another Congress—vote for an additional 
appropriation. 
In what respect does he redeem 
Mr. HILL. 
himself? What is he redeemed from ? 
Mr. FLORENCE. He has 
•enerosity and liberality which a gendeman occu- 
pying his position ought to have. 
r lAhe gen deman 
has chosen to refer to the diffculties in the coun- 
try. Why, everybody knows that they are po- 
be raised to inquire into the matter; for it would be balance, preferring to fbrfät the one per cent. 
litical and not financial diffculties. Everybody 
satisfied that the rationale pursued not only does they paid in on their proposals. 
Such being the condition of the finances of our knows that it is in the power of this House to re- 
credit to the eminent chief of the survey, but in- 
iicvc the country of these difficulties within an 
finite credit to the wisdom and the forecast of this country, I ask whether it is unwise to reduce tbc 
hour; and if these difficulties were removed, the 
expenditures to what they were during the admin- 
Government. 
istration of Tyler, or to what they were during country was never in a more prosperous condition 
N'lr. Chairman, in the accomplishment of this 
than i*is now. The'gentleman talks of the rev- 
the administration of Polk, and belbre our coun- 
great work wc havc secured results wh ich, 
point of economy, are unequaled by any obtained try was engaged in the war with Mexico? But I cnucs of the Department being reduced. Why? 
