CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 9, 
Because of th is-political panic thathas swept over 
the. land'! ±Here i? an item. that is economical; in- 
my judgment, an- item that may very well. bé ap- 
propriated, in view of the restoration of peace and 
quiet. •The Coast Survey has conferred upon the 
commerce of the country innumerable and incal- 
eulable benefits. It;is an economical institution ; 
saving more to the countrythan it has ever.cost; 
opening up the path ways of the great deep; giving 
shelter to the •commerce and shipping of the coun- 
try; and saving, in intrinsic values millions more 
than the cost of:th-e survey of the coast. That is 
the;reason not wish that the work shall 
bé interrupted. 'I did, not suppose that there was 
any institution so froe from censure as the Coast 
Survey.. I have -never heard, since I have been 
a -membci• of this body, of any hotel influence be- 
ing brought to bear uoon members of the Housc 
in this connection. r was therefore surprised at 
the remarks of the gentleman from Missouri. 
venture my reputation that there is not a depart- 
ment freer from political influences than the Coast 
Survey. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 did not mean to charge that 
any political influences controlled the action of 
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey or his 
empk)Yés; but I believe that if we reduce this ap- 
propriation, many of those now employed may 
be 'discharged. 
Mr. FLORENCE. very well, then; it is an 
appeal for bread, and I never close my ears to 
such an. appeal.'. I trust that this great Govern- 
ment will" not turn off its employös at a period 
like this. This is a small item of expenditure; 
but I believe that it would be economy to appro- 
priate the money necessary to carry on this Coast 
Survey. 
The question being on Mr. ELIOT'S amendment, 
tellers were ordered; and Messrs. BURCH and 
GOOCH were appointed. 
The committee divided; and thc tellers reported 
—ayes 65, noes 59. 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the gentleman 
from Tennessee that he yield me the floor, to allow 
me to rnove thal the committee riso, for tho pur- 
pose of stopping the general debate upon this bill. 
Mr. MAYNARD. think that thus far the 
debate has becn confined pretty closely to the 
qucstion before the committee, and that it has been 
legitimate debate. I will, however, yield to the 
gentleman. 
Mr:SHERMAN. I move that the committee 
do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having 
resumed the chair, Mr. BURNETT reported that 
thc Committee of the Wholc on the state of the 
Union, had, according to order, had under con- 
sidcration the bill making appropriations for sun- 
dry civil expenses ortho Govcrnrnent for the year 
ending June 30, 1862, and had comc to no con- 
clusion thereon. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that debate on 
the bill now pending in the Committee of the 
Whole on the etate of the Union shall closc in five, 
minutes after the committcc shall have resumed 
the consideration of thc same. 
The motion was agrccd to. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the rules be 
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into 
tho Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union. 
Tho motion ••.vas agreed to. 
The House accordingly resolved itself into the 
Committeeof the Whole on the state of 1110 Union, 
(MI'. BURNETT in the chair,) 
and resumed the 
consideration of the special order, the civil 
appropriation bill. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 
men t: 
At the end of the amendment last adopted, add as ft)l- 
lows : 
To be expended under thc direction of the Bureau or 
Ordnance and Hydrography, the payments to be audited at 
the 'i'reasttry in the same manner as all other expenditures 
of tilC Governjnent. 
The object of the.amendment is to put the Coast 
Survey under the direction of the Secretarv of the 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I submit 
that that amendment proposes to changeahe ex- 
isting law, and is therefore out of order. 
Mr. MAYNARD, What existing law does it 
change ? 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The law 
which confines the appropriation to the channel 
in which it now is. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the Chair that 
in making appropriations we certainly have a right 
to say in what manner particular money should 
be expended. 
Mr. WASHBURNE5 of Illinois. Where the 
lawprovides thata n appropriation shall go through 
a certain channel, the appropriation cannot be di- 
verted from that channel without a change of the 
law. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the 
point of order, and rules the amendment out of 
order. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I then offer the following 
amendment, to come in at the end of the clause: 
And the payments to be audited at the Treasury in the 
same manner as other expenditures of the Government. 
I do not propose to dwell upon that amend- 
Its character is sufficiently obvious from 
ment. 
the terms in which it is couched. I submit it to 
the good sense of the committee. 
Mr. ELIOT. My objection to the amendment 
is, that it contains a censure upon one of the De- 
partments of thc Government which, it seems to 
me, ought not to be cast. There is, however, a 
disposit.ion on this side of the House to vote at 
once; and I will not, therefore, detain th8 com- 
mittee by any further remarks. 
'I'eltcrs were ordered on the amendment; and 
Messrs. HARRIS, of Virginia, and COLFAX, were 
appointed. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope the gentleman from 
Tennessee will tell us how these accounts are 
audited now. 
Mr. MAYNARD. They are simply audited 
by the Superintendent of the Coast Survey. 
The committee proceeded to divide; and the 
tellers re )ortcd eleven in the affirmative. 
Mr. MAYNARD. In to prevent the 
breaking up of tl•ne committee, I will withdraw 
my tunendment. 
'I' he CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has aright 
to withdraw it. 
Mr. HOUSTON. Can the gentleman with- 
draw his amendment while the committee is divid- 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman certainly 
has thc right to withdraw it. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 withdraw it, because 1 
see that it will be voted down by an immense ma- 
.iority, and no possible good can arise from press- 
Mr. HOUSTON. the amendment; and 
I say to the gentlcman from Tennessee, and to the 
committee, that if the expenditures of this de- 
pnrtment are. not now audited as the expenditures 
m other departments and bureaus are, this fimend- 
ment ought to be, agrced to ? 
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to a point of order. I in- 
quire whether this debate is in order ? 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala- 
bama offers an amendment 
; and he certainly has 
a right to speak to it for fivc minutes. 
Mr. HOUSTON. r repeat, that if it be that 
the expenditures in the department of the Coast 
Survey are not. audited and passed upon precisely 
as the expenditures of other departments and bu- 
reaus of the Government are, they certainly ought 
In that event this zunendment ought to be 
agreed to. I do not know that such is or is not 
the case; but I take it for granted that the gentle- 
man from Tennessee, [Mr. MAYNARD,] when he 
offered his arnendment, had looked into that sub- 
If so, and if the accounts of the Coast Sur- 
vey arc not audited at the Treasury, then I be- 
lieve there ought to be a vote of the committee and 
of the Housc upon it. I do not, therefore, intend 
to withdraw my amendment, unless f am satisfied 
that there is a quorum present. 
I have two ob- 
jccts in view in renewing this amendment. One is, 
that i think the amendment ought to be agreed to. 
The other is, that if there be no quorum of the 
committee present, I am opposed to the adoption 
or rejection of important propositions by less than 
a quorunn of members. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I am opposed to the amend- 
ment. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 think that, ifthestate•ment 
made is correct, the amendment ought to be agreed 
I to. It is a question of fact as to whether the ac- 
counts of the Coast Survey are or are not audited 
as the accounts of other Departments. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 would not have intro- 
duced the resolution. causelessly. If the accounts 
are not audited at the Treasury, they ought to be; 
and this amendment should be agreed to. 
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from 
Tennessee will state whether he has looked into 
the matter, and whether these accou'nts areaudited 
at the Treasury. If they are not, this amend- 
If they are, I shall withdraw 
ment should pass. 
it. 
Mr. MAYNARD. My information is, that the 
accounts are not audited at the Treasury. 
Mr. ELIOT. 1 ask simply to have an answer 
from the gentleman from Tennessee. I do not 
understand him to say that he has himself made 
examination into this matter. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair respectfully 
svo•ests to the gentleman from Massachusetts 
that all this is out of order, debate on the amend- 
ment being exhausted, unless the gentleman offers 
an amendment. 
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir. 
I do not want to offer 
an amendment. 
The question was taken on Mr. HOUSTON's 
amendment; and it was not agreed to. 
Mr. ELIOT. 1 move to amend the fifteenth 
line, by striking out $70,000," and inserting in 
lieu •thereof $130,000;" so that the clause will 
read : 
For cbntinuing the survey of the western coast of the 
United States, including the compensation of civilians en- 
gaged in the work, $130,000. 
I understand that several gentlemen, members 
of the committee, have voted on the amendment 
just now adopted, under the apprehension that 
the amendment itself called for an appropriation 
which was larger than the sum asked for by the 
proper office-rs, and under the impression that I 
had asked that the appropriation shoufd be in- 
creased on our own responsibility. I desire [0 
say, both in regard to that amendment and to the 
onc which I have just now offered, that the prop- 
osition was made because it is believed by the 
Department having this business in charge that 
the amount of $130,000 is the least sum thalshould 
be appropriated by Congress to the work at this 
time. This #130,000 is required for the purpose 
of continuing the x,vork on the coast of Oregon 
and of Wasllington Territory. The Committee 
of Ways and Means halve reduced that amount to 
$70,000; and the question is, x.vhether this com- 
mittee will appropriate the' sum that is believed 
to be necessary by the Department, or will reduce 
the amount for the reasons assigned in the dis- 
cussion on the previous amendment. 
I do not 
feel disposed to' go into that debate again. I de• 
signed to reply to some suggestions that fell from 
gentlemen, in regard to the statc of the Treasury, 
in regard to the diffculty. of getting money, and 
in regard to the state of the times; but it seems to 
me that these suggestions found sufficient and 
complete answer on the other side of the House. 
We all know well enough that the trouble is not 
that there is no money to be had, but that there 
is no confidence in the Government. That is why 
the securities of the Government have been selling 
at the discount stated by the gentleman from Mis- 
souri, [Mr. PIIELPS.) 
It is not that there is any 
lack of means. Let confidence be restored, and 
there never has been a moment when the Govern- 
ment could command, more easily than now, all 
the money that is needed for all proper purposes. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 desire to the gentleman 
from Massachusetts whether he believes that con- 
fidcnce will be restored before the close of this 
session of Congress? 
Mr. ELIOT. 
1 cannot answer that. 
I think 
that, if we all do our duty fairly and faithfully 
and justly, some way will be found by which the 
Government can be carried on, and the confidence 
of the people restored to it. Let t.hat come, and 
money will come in abundance. The only ques- 
tion now is, whether that is a reason for reducing 
by one half the appropriation asked for this pur- 
It seems to me that, unless there be some 
pose. 
better' reasons assigned than those which I,ve have 
heard, the comrnittee is prepared to sustain the 
Government in its call for this appropriation. 
Mr. MAYNARD. J shall much 
time, especially after the vote which has been 
taken in regard to the former amendment pro- 
posed; but I will ask gentlemen before they vote 
