CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 10. 
IN SENATE. 
THURSDAY, Jcinuary 10, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr.•GURLEY. 
The Journal of yesterday was fead and approved. 
CREDENTIALS. 
Mr. HALE presented the credentials of- Hon. 
CLARK,I oleqtOd, a Senato.r• by the Legis- 
lature of- the Slate of New Hampshire, for the 
-term of six years, commencing on the 4th day of 
Maéch, yhich were.- read, and ordered to 
be filed. 
MESSAGE IIOUSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr.* Hays, Chief Clerk, annouiced that the 
House •had passed a bill (No. 915) for the relief 
& Liggit, in which the-concurrence 
of the Senate was requested. 
PRINTING or DOCUMENTS. 
The message further announced that the House 
had ordered this day the printing of the following 
documents: 
Letter from the Postmaster General, commu- 
nicating the annual report of fines and ded actions 
fpom the pay •of mail contractors—ordered at 
twelfe o'clock and eleven minutes. 
Preamble and resolutions of the Common Coun- 
cil of the city of New York', in reference to the 
differences between the South anil the North— 
,ordered 4t twelve o'clock and seventeen minutcs. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 submit the memorial of 
citizens of the State«if New York , d welling in the 
•city of New York, praying Congress to adopt 
such just, wise, and beneficent measures as they 
Can for the composing of the present troubles in 
the coulitry, and the preservation of' the Union. 
I move that it lie on thc table. 
Tbc motion was aoreed to. 
Mr. SUMNER. the memorial of the 
synod of the Reformed Presbyterian Church , now 
in session in Alleghany city, Pennsylvania, ask- 
ing that Congress Will take measures for the 
anicndment of thc Constitution, so that it 'nay 
contain, first, an express acknowledgment of thc 
being and authority ofGod ; second I y, an acknowl- 
edgment and submission to the authority of 
Christ; thirdly, a recognition of tbc paramount 
obligation of God's law; and, fourthly, that it be 
rendered in all its principles and provisions clearly 
and.unmistalcably adverse to the existence ofnny 
form of slavery within the national limits. This 
is testified' by their moderator and the clerk of the 
Synod: 
Mr. GREEN. inquire whether God's 
law, is the. Bible as revealed ? 
Mr. SUMNER, 1 reference of the 
memorial to the- Cömmittee on thc Judiciary. 
It was so referred. 
MG. RICE. I wish to present tho petition of 
praying that thc 
W. C. Jewett, of Pike's Peak, 
nnty for the present be 
Pacifie railroad question 
postponed, on the ground of the injustiec of in- 
ing why govern aid is not needed for thc 
road. As the question is •now before the Senate, 
and. as -the petition is very short, being only a few 
lines, 1 ask that it be read. 
Tl'he Sect-ctary read the petition. 
Mr.- BROWN presenlQd the petition of Rev. 
Chåfles W bite, parish. priest* of St. Matthew's 
church, in the city of Washington, District of 
Columbia, praying that authority may be granted 
to sell certain city lots now held by the ecclesiasti- 
cal authorities of that church; which was referred 
oto- the Committee on the I)istrict of Columbia. 
Mr. KEN NEDY presented a petition of twelve 
thousånd citizens-of Baltirnore, of ait political par- 
ties, praying the adoption by Congress, without 
delay, of the compromise proposed by I-Ion. J. J. 
CRITTENnE>.i in the Senate of the United States; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
He also presented the pctition of Mrs. Serena 
McLane, widow of the, late Captai_n George Mc- 
Lane, United States Army, who was killed in 
battle by the Indians, praying• a pension; which 
was referred to tl'\e Committeb on Pensions. 
Mr. BIGLER. lepresent the memorial of sur- , 
vivors of the of 1812, residents in the county 
in the State of Pennsylvania; and I 
of Lehigh, 
also presenta similar siened by citizens 
of Philadelph in, setting forlli that- the founders of 
our Government intended its defrnse mainly to 
rest.on: -the, militia, and not- upon large Standing 
armiesil which are at all times expensive to the 
people, and. therefore respectfully and earnestly 
ask, in order to encourage .thc volunteers and 
militia to prompt and •energetic action in future, 
and as an act of justice to the survivors of the war 
of 1812, that all who served in that war, or were 
actually: engaged in battle, and the surviving 
widows of those who have died or may hereafter 
die, be placed on the pension roll of the United 
States, it now being upvvards of forty-five years 
since the termination of that war; while the soldiers 
who served in the revolutionary war with Great 
Britain were placed by Congress on the pension 
roll in- 1818—being only thirty-five years after 
peace was declared. I ask that these memorials 
be referred to the Committcc on Pensions. 
They were so referred. 
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of citizens 
of Pennsylvania, praying the passage of a joint 
resolution providing for the call of a national-con- 
vention to be held at Independence Hal], Phila- 
delphia, to take into consideration the present 
disturbed condition of the country; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
He also presented six petitions of citizens of 
Philadelphia, praying the passage of the resolu- 
tions introduced into the Scnate by Mr. CRITTEN- 
DEN, on the 18th of December last; which were 
ordered to lie on.the table. 
SECRETARY ofr WAR. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur- 
ther petitions, reports from standing committees 
are in order. 
Mr. SLIDELL. If there be no reports from 
standing committees, I move that the Senate now 
proceed to the consideration of the resolution I 
offered yesterday, calling for certain information 
from thc President. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 suggest that the hour 
has arrived now, according to the order of the 
Senate yesterday, for calling up the resolutions 
that were yesterday under consideration. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will 
state that they covne up at half past twelve o 'clock. 
Mr. SLIDELL. I presume that t.hcre will be 
It will not occupy any time. If the Senator from 
Pennsylvania quotes the law under which the 
President derived authority for this appointment, 
I shall be under the necessity— 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator 
from Louisiana pause for a moment? Either 
i some motion must be madc to postpone the spe- 
Cial order for this hour, or there must be unani- 
mous *consent to lay it aside, or the Chair must 
enforce it. 
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to postpone the con- 
.sideration of the special order. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there unanimous 
consent to consider this resolution? The Chair 
hears no objection. 
Mr. BIGLER. As far as 1 am concerned, 1 
will agree to the passage of the resolution, and 
will not read the law. 
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 call for the yeas and 
nays. 
The ycas and-nays werc ordered. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 would only inquire 
of the honorable Senator from Louisiana what 
object is to be attained by this; what good is to 
result, and to whom? If I could see any rele- 
vancy that it has to our proceedings, or to any 
object of public good, I would vote for it; but It 
seems to me to be very unusual and extraordi- 
nary, and I do not see the importance of it. 
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 will very cheerfully respond 
to the inquiry of the Senator from Kentucky. I 
conceive that there has been a gross violation of 
the Constitution of the United States by the ap- 
pointment of an acting Secretary of War, holding 
It is simply one of 
no (lobate of this resolution. 
Inqun•y. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho question is I 
on the motion to take up the resolution offered 
by the Senator from Louisiana. 
The motion 'vas agreed to. 
The Sectetary read the resolution, as follows: 
Resoltcd, rl'hat, the President, be reqtrested to införm the I 
Senate Whether John Floyd, whose appointment as Sec- 
retary of War was confirmed bv tbc Scnate on the 6th ot• 
Marci), 1857, still continues to liold said office ; and if not, 
when and how said oilice becatne vacant; and further to 
iniörm the Senate how and by whom the duties of said of- 
iiee are now discharged; and if an appointment of an act- 
in" or provisional Sceretary OC War has been madc, how, 
when, and by what authority it so made, and why the 
fact of said appointnncnt has not been connnunieated to the 
Senate. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. that. the Sena- 
his offce for twelve or fourteen days, as I believo 
to be the case, without that fact having been com- 
municated to the Senate, and without that nomi- 
nation having been submi tted to their approbation, 
The Constitution of the United States, among 
other powers which it confers upon the President, 
contains the following: 
Ile shall have power, by and with the advice and con- 
sent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two thirds 
of the Senators concur ; and he shall nominate, and by and 
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint 
atnbassadops, other public ministers and consuls, judges 
of the *uprcnne Court, and all other officers of the United 
States, whose appointrncnts are not herein otherwise pro- 
vided for, and which shall be established by law ; but the 
Congress Inay by law vest the appointmentof such inferior 
of)icers, as they may think proper, in the President alone, 
in the courts of law, or in thc heads of Departments." 
Not only has this appointment to the office of 
Secretary of War not been léft by implication to 
the uncontrolled discretion of the President; but 
the law creatinc-r it expressly declares he shall be 
appointed by and with the advice and consent of 
thc Senate. The section gocs on to state: 
The President shall have power to fill up ail vacancies 
that may happen during the recess of the Senate, by grant- 
ing cornmissions, which shall expire at the cnd of their 
next session.' 
The only law,' I presumc, towhich thc Senator 
from Pennsylvania referred—that of 1795—is in 
these words 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 understand honora- 
ble Senator from Louisiana is going into a general 
tor has omitted the ordinary condition in wre- 
qucst,madc to the President for information; and discussion Of the question. ask whether it is 
that is, that it be not incompatible with the pub- 
i lic interest. Perhaps it was omitted accidentally. 
Mr. SLIDELL. was not omitted 
ally. I do not conceive how it can be inconsist- 
ent with the public service to inform the Senate 
when certain offccr may havc vacated his post, 
and when and how another was appointed; but 
if the Senator thinks thc resolution obnoxious to 
that objection , he can offer the amendment. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ido not offer it. 1 merely 
mado the suguestion to the Senator. 
The VICEWPRESIDENT. The Chair must 
call up tho unfinished business of yesterday at 
this hour. 
Mr. BIGLER. I do not intend to make objec- 
tian to the passage of this resolution; but I desire, 
before the vote IS taken, to read the law under 
which, undoubtedly, this appointment has been 
made 
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 will suggest to the Senator 
from Wisconsin that I am only addressing the 
Senate at the instance of tho•Senator from Ken- 
tuck y. ['6 Go on." ] I had supposed that, as this 
was a simple resolution of inquiry, it would be 
passed without opposition from any quarter. 
think the information is essentially necessary, and 
one which the Senate have a right to demand. The 
act of 1795, upon which, as I understand, the Sen- 
ator from Pennsylvania relies for his authority, 
is in the following words. Am I right in sup- 
posing that is the law ? 
Mr. BIGLER. That of 1795. 
Mr. SLIDELL. it is: 
An Act to amend the act entitled An act making altera- 
tions in the 'l'rcasury and VVar Departments. P 
Be it enacted b?} the Senate and House of Representatives 
of the U•wi.tcd St.a'l,es of anecrica •in Congrcss assembled, That 
in case of varnncy in the office of Secretary o? State, Sec- 
retary of the 'Treasury, or of the Secretary of the Depart- 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has just 
ment of War, or or any officer of either of the said l)cpart- 
anr,ounced that he has called up the unfinished mcnts, whose appointment is not in the head thereof, 
whereby they cannot pert0rm the duties of their said re- 
business of yesterday. 
Mr. BIGLER. to 
the, rule, of course I will not insist. 
PRESIDENT. It will 
imous consent. or a moti0Yl to 
Mr. SLIDELL. i hope there will be no objec- 
i tion to -the consideration of this resolution now. , 
spoctivc oflices. it shali he lawful for the President of the 
United States, in casc shall rhink it noceesary„ to au- 
thorize any person or persons, at his discretion, to 
the duties of the said respective ofticcs until a successor be 
appointed, or such vacancy be filled: Provided, 'I'hat no 
onc vacancy shall be supplied, in manner aforesaid, for a 
longer tenn tiran six nioaths. 
Approved February 13, 1795. 
