THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, 1). 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
I think that this latter clause abundantly estab- 
lishcs that this discretionary power confided in 
the President to appoint an acting Secretary of 
the Treasury, or of the other Departments, was 
only to be exercised when the Senate was not in 
If such were not the case, what would 
session. 
If it bc consid 
be the necessary consequence. 
ered that this power can be exercised during tho 
session of the Senate, I again say, what would 
be the consequence? No vacancy shall be sup- 
plied in the manner aforesaid for a longer term 
than six months. " This session of Congress will 
If the President 
expire in less than sixty days. 
has the power, without t.he control of the Senate, 
to make the appointment of an actine Secretary 
for six months, the individual who is now dis- 
charging the duties of that office may, if the suc- 
cessor Of the present Executive thinks proper to 
retain his services, act as such for four months 
after the adjournment of Congress, without sub- 
mitting his nomination to the Senate. Further 
than that, when that six months shall have ex- 
piped, the President may then nominate another 
mdividual, whose appointment will be valid, con- 
ferring upon him all the power and responsibility 
of that offce, who will hold his office until the 
expiration of the next session of the Senate. The 
consequence of giving aconstruction so monstrous 
as this to the act of 1795, would be to deprivc the 
Senate altogether of its constitutional power to 
control the Executive in the choice of the officers 
I believe it is the first time that 
of his Cabinet. 
such a proposition has been seriously asserted. 
I did not intend to make any argument on the 
subj.ect. I have merely responded to the inquiry 
of the Senator from Kentucky, as to what was 
the object of this resolution. We want to knovv' 
who is the Secretary of War; and if the Sccrelary 
of War be really the person whom the public 
prints suppose to be exercising thoseduties, I say, 
and I say confidently, that that gentleman never 
could have obtained the approbation of this Sen- 
ate. He would not be Secretary of War, by and 
With the advice of this body. 
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, 1 certainly had 
no idea of any debate on the subject; nor was I I 
i looked at the 'law yesterday, 
prepared for it. 
when the Senator from Louisiana offered the res- 
olution, and was under the impression that that 
law was conclusive; and "10 w I am by no means 
convinced as to the Senator's constitutional argu- 
[ shall not attempt to reply to it, but shall 
meat. 
insist upon the adoption of the resolution. That, 
I think, will be necessary now, in order to do 
the President and t.he Administration justice. It 
I have 
would bo better to have their reply to It. 
no doubt that it will turn out that the question 
has been thoroughly understood by them, and 
that the President perfectly satlsfied of his 
authority under the law of 1795. I will remark, 
however, that the Senator from Louisiana is not 
unaware of the diihcultics that surround this case, 
It is a very easy mat- 
of no ordinary character. 
ter to make appointments under some 
It 
stances, and it is very difficult under others. 
FRIDAY, JANUARY 11, 1861. 
Mr. GREEN. I shall vote for the resolution 
without implying any censurc or condemnation 
I think the 
on the acting Secretary of •War. 
information which is called for very important, 
because it rnay involve a departure from the con- 
stitutional provisions and the practice of the Gov- 
ernment. We ought to be strict and exact in fill 
our proceedings; but I will not, by my vote, im- 
ply a censure either on the President or the pres- 
ent acting Secretary of War. 
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to know whether 
any law has been passed on this subject since 
the period of General Jackson 's administration. I 
recollect that during his administration, Mr. B. F. 
Butler, who was Attorney General, acted, I think, 
for an entire session of Congress as Secretary of 
-War. Has a law been passed since that period ? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will 
call the roil. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to inquirc what 
is the question? 
'The VICE PRESIDENT. On the passage of 
this resolution. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. thought the motion was i 
to postpone some l)rior order. 
TheViCE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con- 
sent, the Senate proceeded to consider this reso- 
NÉw SERIES.....NO. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I-shall move to post- 
pone that. 
Mr. GREEN. As the Senator from .Missis. 
sippi is not present—and other Senators desire to- 
give him the privilege of making any remarks bé 
desires—while we are considering about what 
will bo the proper subject to take up inthe mean- 
time, if the Senate will indulge me, I desire •to 
call up a little private bill and pass that. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 hope the gentleman 
I am sure he will concur 
will not insist on that. 
in the superior importance of this subject for thp 
preservation of the Union. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 will not press it. 
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Mississippi 
has the floor at one o'clock, on the President's 
message, and has partly concluded his speech. 
In the situation of his State, do not- w-ish to 
I desire to make some remarks 
interrupt him. 
upon these resolutions; and I assure the Scnator 
frorn Kentucky that they cannot pass the Senatc 
without the most thorough and searching inves- 
I thercfore move 
tiaation from several Senators. 
to postpone them until to-morrow, to allow the 
Senator from Mississippi to go on and finish his 
speech upon the President's message. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Iwas that 
the. Senator from Mississippi desired to speak. 
lution; and the question now is on aorecing to it. 
The yeas and nays have been ordered. 
Mr. POWELL. Isball resolution; 
but in doing so, I do not intend to cast any cen- 
sure upon the President or upon the gentleman 
who is acting ts Secretary of War ad interint. 
Neither do I -wish to be understood as concurring 
in the declaration of the Senator from Louisiana 
that the distinguished gent.lcnnan who is actin«y as 
Secretary of War dd interim would not bc con- 
I firnuecfby this Senate. That is a matter of fact 
I will say, 
that I will not undertake to decide. 
however, that I believe tlpc actinms and doings 
of the gentleman who now acts as Secretary ad 
interinL have been very much misrepresented, as 
on a proper occasion I shall be able to show. 
The question being taken by yeas and nays 
resaltcd—yeas 35, nays 17; as follows: 
Baker, Benjamin, Bic!cr, Bragg, Bright., 
Clay, Clingtnan, Colltune,r, Crittenden , Davis, Dixon, Fes- 
senden, Fitch. Fitzpatrick, Foot. Foster, (h•eeu, Ileiilp- 
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson 'Rennessce, Kennedy, 
Lane, Lathan), *Mallory, Nicholson, Polk, Powcll, Pugh, 
Rice, Sebastian, Slidell, 'I'cn Eyck, Wigfall, and Yulee— 
35. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand- 
I)ooIitLle, Grirnes, I-kale, King, Saulsbury, Sew- 
is not always that you ten get men to accept a 
service of this kind, partieularly near thc close 
of an Administration. It ww•s necessary—it was 
indispensably necessary—that some member of 
the Administration should forthwith assume the 
duties of the War Department ad interim. That 
was an absolute necessity. The Senator from 
Louisiana may know that thcl•c has been no dif- 
ficulty whatever in thc way of filling that place 
in the mcan time. Very true, the distinguished 
gentleman who is performing the duties, might I 
have been nominated to the Senate; but, as 1 un- 
derstand the Senator from Louisiana, that would 
have been, in his judgment, a very injudicious 
all, the President of the United States has been 
doing faithfully and vigilantly the best he could 
I an-x not authorized to speak, 
on this subject. 
and do not pretend to know all tho facts or par- 
ticulars of this case, but I certainly do know that 
the Senator from Louisiana must be aware of the 
difficulties which have surrounded a selection. 
20 
So the resolution was adopted. • 
ORDER OF BUSINESS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The 
tions of the Senator frorn Kentucky [Mr. CRIT- 
TENDEN] are before the Senate as a special order, 
and thc Senator from Massachusetts is entitied to 
tho floor. 
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Mississippi 
[I'v'lr. D,tus] has the floor at one, o'clock on the 
President's message, and is desirous of speaking 
I therefore move that this subject bc 
upon that. 
postponed until to-morrow at half-past twelve 
o'clock, for the purpose of allowing the Senator 
from Mississippi to go on. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the. motion? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The mot.ion is to 
postpone the present special order, being the joint 
resolutions offered by the Senator from Kentucky, 
until to-morrow at half-past twelvc o'clock. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The resolutions which 
were under consideration yesterday? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir. 
If, in the peculiar situation in which he stands 
here, he desires to occupy the floor, anxious as I 
am to procccd with these resolutions, certainly 
shall not press them now. 
Mr. DAVIS. I have no particular anxiety to 
speak now. I shall not detain the Senate long. 
I do nob think it is probable that-I shall -require 
Inorc than an hour; and f would as soon take it 
at, a later period of the day. I have no desire on 
the sub' ect. 
Mr. 8RITTENDEN. Then, if these resolu- 
tions can be passcd by informally, so as to per- 
mit the gentleman to make his remarks, I am con- 
I tent; but not to postponc them. I do not intend 
to consent to any postponemcnt to another day. 
Mr. CAMERON. As there five minutes 
left of the morning hour devoted to morning busi- 
ne", I hope I shall be allowed to offer ti resolu- 
tion. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will 
state to the Senator from Pennsylvania that the 
•I question before the Senate is the motion of the 
Senator from Massachusetts, to postpone these 
resolutions until to-morrow at half-past twelve 
o'clock; und if no other motion be made, the 
Chair will put that question. 
Mr. GREEN. What hour? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Half-past twelve 
o 'clock . 
Mr. GREEN. lhope not. Weneedthemorn- 
ing hour for other business, which is essential to 
the public benefit; and I really think one o'clock 
is early enough to take up a general subject re- 
lating to the condition of the country. propose, 
thereföre, to amend the motion by saying one 
o 'clock. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to 
amend the motion by postponing the resolut.ion 
until to-morrow at one o'clock. 
Mr. HUNTER. There is a special 
order set apart for that hour to-morrow. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are three or 
four at the same hour. 
Mr. HUNTER. Which would take prece- 
dence ? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot 
determine that now. 
Mr. POWELL. Before the motion is put, with 
the consent of the Senator from Massachusetts, 
I have three amendments that I propose to the 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 hope they will not 
be postponed. I think there is no subject at all i resolutions offered by my colleague, which I 'ask 
equal to it, in point of consequence, 
Senate. The country expects us to act, on it i Mr. GREEN. Let them be printed without 
decidedly; and I hope gentlen'len will not think it readine. 
that, it be any further postponed. II Thc'VICE PRESIDENT. they be read, 
or ordered to be printed without being read? 
hope it will be considered now, to the utter exclu- 
Mr. POWELL. 1 wili ask to have them 
Sion of other business. 
printed without reading. 
Several SENATORS. T herc is a special order 
The motion wag agreed tot, 
at one o'clock. 
