908 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 
every!hing,. borrowing nothing from anybody, 
seemed to dive into the future, and to unvail those 
things whicb are hidden fo other eyes. Needl say 
mean Calhoun? No other man than he would 
have answered this description. I say, then, not 
relying upon telegraphic- dispatches, we still have 
information enough to notify us that we are on 
the verge, of -civil war; that civil 'war is -in the 
hands of men irresponsible, as it seems tp us; 
,their acts unknown to us; their discretion not cov- 
ered by any existing law or usage; and we no_w 
have. the responsibility thrown upon us, which 
justifies usin demanding information to meet an 
emergency in which the„country is involved. 
is there any point of pride which prevents us 
from withdrawing that garrison? I have heard 
it said by a gallant gentleman, to whom I make 
no special reference, that the great objection was 
an unwillingness to lower the flarr. To lower 
the flag! Undel' what circumstances? I)oes any 
man's courage impel him to stand boldly forth to 
take the life of his brethren? Does any man in- 
Fist upon going upon the. open field with deadly 
weapons to ficht his brother on a question of 
courage? There is no point of pride. These arc 
your brethren ; and they have shed as much glory 
upon that flag as any equal number of men in the 
Union. They are the men, and that is the local- 
ity, where the first Union flag was unfurled, and 
where was fought a gallant battle before our inde- 
-pendence was declared—not the flag with thirteen 
stripes and thirty-three stars, but a flag with a 
cross of St. George, and the long stripes running 
through it. When the gallant Moultrie took the 
British Fort Johnson, and carried it, for the first. 
time, I believe, did the Union flag fly in tho air; 
and that was in October, 1775. When he took 
the position and threw up a temporary battery 
with palmetto logs and sand, upon the site called 
Fort Moultrie, that fort was assailed by the Brit- 
igh fleet, and bombarded until the old logs, cling- 
inc with stern tenacity to the enemy that assailed 
them, were filled with balls, the flag still floated 
there, and, though many ble(l, thc garrison con- 
quered. 
rl'hose old logs are gone; the eroding 
current is even taking away the site where Fort. 
Moultrie stood; the gallailt men who hell' it, now 
mingle with the earth; but their memories live in 
the hearts ofa gallant peoplc,_ and their sons yet 
live, and they, like their fathers, are ready to 
bleed and to die for the cause in which their fath- 
triumphed.- Glorious are the, memories cling- 
ing around that old fort which now, for the first 
time, has been abandoned—abandoned not even 
in the presence of a foe, but under tho imagin- 
ings that a foe might come; and guns spiked und 
carriages burned where the band of Moultrie bled , 
and, with an insufficient armament, repelled the 
common foe of all the colonies. I-ler ancient his- 
tor\ compares proudly with the present. 
Can there, then, be a point of pride upon so 
sacred a soil as this, whcrc the blood of the. tilthers 
cries to Heaven against civil war? Can therc be 
u point of pride agail'lst laying upon that sacred 
soil to-day the flag för which our fathers died? 
My pridc, Senators, is different. My pride is that 
that flag shall not sot bctwcon contending broth- 
.ers; and that, when it shall no longer be thecqm- 
mon flag of the country, it shall be foldcd up and I 
laid away like a vesture no longer used; that it 
. shall be. kept as. a sacred memento of the past, 
to which e2wh of us can make a pilgrimacc, and 
remember the glorious days in which we were 
born. 
In the answer of the commissioners, which I 
caused to be read yesterday, 1 observed that they 
referred to Fort Sumter as romain ino a memento of 
Carolina faith. It is an instance of the accuracy of 
the opinion which I have. expressed. It stood with- 
out a garrison. It commanded the harbor, and the 
fort was known to have the armament in it ca- 
pable of defense. Did the Carolinians attack it? 
Did they propose to seize it? 
It stood there safe 
as public property; and there it might have stood i. 
to the end of the negotiations without a question, 
if garrison had not been sent into it. It. was the 
faith on which they relied, that the Federal Gov- I 
et•nment would take no position of hostility to 
them, that constituted its safety, and by which 
they lost the advantage they would have had in 
spiz:ng it when unoccupied. 
I think that some- 
thing is due to f4ith as well as fraternity; and I 
think one of the increasing and accumulative ob- 
ligations upon us to withdraw the garrison from II 
that fort is from the manner in which it was taken 
—taken, as we heard by the reading of the paper 
yesterday, while Carolina remained under-the as- 
surance that thestatus would not be violated ; while 
I•was under that assurance, and haifa dozen other 
Senators now within the sound of my voice felt 
secure under the same pledge, that nothing would 
be done until negotiations had terminated, unless 
it was to withdraw the garrison. Then we, the 
Federal Government, broke the faith; we.com- 
mitted the first act of hostility; and from this first 
act of hostility arose a-II those acts to which refer- 
ence is made in the message as unprovoked ag- 
gressions—the seizing of förts elsewhere. Why 
Avere they seized? Self-preservation is the first law 
of nature; and when they no longer had confi- 
dence that this Federal Government would. not 
seize thc forts constructed for their defense, and 
use them for their destruction, they only obeyed I 
the dictates of self-preservation when they seized 
the forts to prevent the enelny from taking pos- 
session of them as a means of coercion, for they 
thon were compelled to believe this Federal Gov- 
ernment had become an encrny. 
Now, what is the remedy? To assure them 
that you do not intend to use physical forcc affainst 
them is your first remedy; to assure them that 
you intend to consider calmly all the propositions 
which they make, and to rccognize the rights 
X.vhich the Union was established to secure; that 
you intend to settle with them upon a basis in ac- 
cordunce with the Declaration of Independence and 
the Constitution of the United States. When you 
d hat, peace will prevail over the land, and force 
b comeathingthatno man will considernecessary. 
1 turn hero confronted with a question which I 
vill not argue. The position which I have taken 
necessarily brings me to its consideration. With- 
It is the 
out arguing it, I will merely state it. 
right (if a State to withdraw from thc Union. 'Ehe 
Pi•e.sident says it is not a constitutional right. The 
froin Oh io, [Mr. W ADF„] and his ally, 
the Senator fron-l 'I'cnuess•ee, argucd it as no right 
at all. 'Well, let us see. -What is meant by a 
constitutional ri('ht? 
1B it to be a right 
derived froin the Constitution—a grant made in 
the Constitution ? 
that is what is meant, of 
course we all sce at once we do not derive it in 
that xvvay. Is it intended that it is not a constitu- 
tional right, because it is not granted in the Con- 
stituti0ii? That shows, indeed, buta poor appre- 
cialion of the nature of our Govcrnmcnt. All 
that is not granted in the Constitution belongs to 
the States; and nothin«y but what is granted in the 
Constitwion belongs to the Federal Government; 
alid keeping this distinction in view, it requires 
but. lilt.le argument to see the conclusion at which 
we necessarily arrive. Did the States surrender 
their sovereignty to the Federal Government? 
Did the States atyrec that they never could with- 
draw from the Federal Union ? 
I know it has been argued here, that the Con- 
federation said the Articles of Confi)dcration were 
to be a perpetual bond of Union, and that the 
Constitution was made to form a noorc perfect 
Union; that is to say, a Government beyond per- 
petuity, or ono day, or two or three days after 
doolnsday. But. that, has no foundation in the 
Constitution itself; it has no basis in the nature of 
ourGovcrnment. Constitution wasacompact 
between independent States; it was not a national 
Government; and hence Mr. Madison answered 
with such etTeetivcness to Patrick I-Icnry, in the 
convention of Virginia, which ratified the Consti- 
tution, den ving his proposition that it was to form 
a nation, and statincr to him theconclusive fact, that 
we sit here as a convention of the State to ratify 
or reject that Constitution; and how then can you 
say that it forms a nation, and is adopted by {lie 
It was not adopted by 
mass of the people? 
the mass of the people, as wc all know, histor- 
ically; it was adopted by each State; each State 
voluntarily ratifying it, entered the Union; and 
that Union was formed whenever nine States 
should cntcr it; and in abundance of caution, ib 
was stated in the resolutions of ratification of three 
of the Slates, that they still possessed the power 
to withdraw the grants which they had delegated, 
whenever they should be used to their injury or 
I know it is said t.hat this meant. the 
oppression. 
people of all the States; but that is such an ab- 
surdity that I suppose it hardiy necessary to an- 
swer it; or to speak of an elective government 
whole body of the people by whom it is elected 
is such an absurdity, that no man can believe it; 
and to suppose that a State convention , speaking 
for a State, having no authority to speak any- 
body else, would say that it was declaring what 
the people of the other States would do, would 
be an assumption altogether to the 
sound sense and wGll-known sentiments of the 
men who formed the Constitution and ratified it. 
But in abundance of caution not only was tl)is 
done, but the tenth amendment of Ibe Constitu- 
tion declared that all which had not been delegated 
was reserved to the States 01' to the people. Now, 
I ask where among the delegated grants to the 
Federal Government do you find any power to 
coerce a State; where among the provisions of 
the Constitution do you find ar,y prohibition on 
the part of a State to withdraw; and if you find 
neither one nor the other, must not this power be 
in great depository, the reservedrights of the 
States? I-lox,v was it ever taken out of that source 
of all power to the Federal Government? It was 
not delegated to the Federal Government; 
it was 
not proh ibi ted to the States; it necessarily remains, 
then, among the reserved powers of the States. 
This question has been so forcibly argued by 
the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. BENJAMiN,] that 
I think it unnecessary to pursue it. 
FL'ht•ee. times 
the proposition was made to give power to coerce 
a State, in the convention, and as often refused; 
opposed as a proposition to make war on a State, 
and refused on the ground that the Federal 
Government could not make war upon a State. 
The Constitution was to form a Government for 
such States as should unite; it had no application 
beyond those who should voluntarily adopt it. 
Among the delegated powers there is none which 
interferes with the exercise of the right of seces- 
Sion by a State. As a right of sovereignty it rc- 
mained to the States under the Confederation ; and 
if it did not, you arraign the faith of the men who 
framed the Constitutign to which you appeal, for 
they provided that nine States could secede from 
thirteen. Eleven did secede from the thirteen, 
and put themselves in the very position which, 
by a great abuse of languam), is to-day called 
treason, against the two States of North C.arolina 
and Rhode Island, they still claiming to adhere to 
the perpetual Articles of Confederation, these 
clevcn Statos absolving themselves from the obli- 
gations which arose under them. 
The Senator from Tennessee, to whom I must 
refer again—and do so because he is a southern 
Senator—taking the most hostile ground against 
us, refers to the State of Tennessee, and points 
to the time when that State may do those things 
which he has declared it an absurdity for any 
State to peyforrn. I will read a single paragraph 
from his speech, showing what his languagc is, 
in order that I may not, by any possibility,. pro- 
duce an impression upon others which his lan- 
guage does not justify. Here are the expressions 
to which I refer. I call the Senator's attention to 
them : 
If there are grievances, why cannot wc all go togcthcr, 
and write them down, and point the:n out to our northern 
friends after we have agreed on what those grievances 
were, and say, here is '.vhat. we de:naltd ; here our wrongs 
are entnnerated; upon these terms Ive have anteed • 
, and 
now, after wc have given you a reasonable tinw to consider 
these additional guarantees ill order to protect ourselves 
against these wrongs, if you refuse then-I, then, havina inade 
ail bonorahle eflOrt—having exhausted all other Ineane— 
we *nay declare the association to be broken up, and we 
Inaj•' go into an act of revolution Mie can then say to thern, 
' vou have refused to give us; guarantees that we think are 
needed for the protection of our institutions and (or the pro- 
tection oc our other interests.' When they do this, will 
go as rar as hc who goes the furthest." 
Now, it does appear that he will go that far; 
and he goes a little further than anybody, I be- 
lieve, who has spoken in vindication of the right, 
for he says: 
We do not intend that you shall drive us out of this 
It ig our 
house that was reared by the harlds ofour fathers. 
house. It is the constitutional house. We have a right 
here ; and because you coine forward and violate the ordi- 
nanees of' this house, do not intend to go out; and if you 
persist in the violation of the ordinances of the house, we 
intend to eject you from the building and retain the posses- 
Sion ourselves." 
I wonder if this is what caused the artillery 
companies to be ordered here, and the militia of 
think it was a mere 
this city to be organized. 
I do not believe thc Senator 
figure of speech. 
from Tennessee intended to kick you out of the 
house; and if he did, let me say to you, in all 
rendering itself injurious and oppressive to the sincerity, we who clairn the constitutional right 
