1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
309 
of a State to withdraw from the Union, do not 
intend to help him. He says, however, and this 
softens it a little:" 
" wc do not think, though, that we have just cause for 
going out of the Union now. We have just cause of com- 
pktint; but wc are jor rcmaining in the Union, and fighting 
the battle like men." 
What does that mean? In the name of com- 
mon sense, I ask how are we to fioht in the 
Union? •we take an oath of offco to maintain 
the Constitution of the United States. The Con- 
stitution of the United States was formed for do- 
mestic tranquillity; and how, then, are we to fight 
have heard the proposition from 
in the Union ? 
I under- 
others; but have not understood It. 
stand how men fight when they assume attitudes 
of hostility; but I do not understand how men 
remaining connected together in a bond as breth- 
ren, sworn to mutual aid and protection, still pro- 
I do not understand 
pose to fight each other. 
If he chooses to answer 
what the Senator mcans. 
my question, I am willing to hear him, for f do 
not understand how we are to fiffht in the Union. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of 'i'ennessee. When my 
speech is taken altogether, I think my meanincr 
can be very easily understood. What f mean by 
fighting the battle in the Union, is, I think, very 
distinctly and clearly sct forth in my speech; and 
if the Senator will take it from beginning to end, 
1 apprehend that he will have difficulty in as- 
certaining what I meant. But, for his gratification 
upon this particular point, I will repeat, in sub- 
stance, what I then said as to fiffhting the battle 
in the Union. I meant that we should remain 
here under the Constitution of the United States, 
and contend for all its guarantees; and by pre- 
serving tho Constitution and all its guarantees we 
would preserve the Union. Our true place to 
maintain these «uarantees, and to preserve the 
Constitution, is in the Union, there to fight our 
battle. How? By argument; by appeals to the 
patriotism, to the good sense, and to the judgment 
of the whole country; by showing tho people that 
that, all its 
the Constitution had been violated; 
guarantees were not complied with; and I have 
entertained the hope that when they were pos- 
sessed of that fact, there would be found patriot- 
ism and honesty enough in the great mass of the 
people, north and south, to come forward and do 
what was just and rimht between the contending 
sections o? tho country. I meant that the true 
way to ficrht the battle wqs for us to remain herc 
Mr. DAVIS. I receive the answer from the 
Senator, and I think I comprehend now that he 
is not going to use any force, but it is a sort of 
ficrhting that is to be done by votes and words; 
and I think, therefore, the President need not 
bring artillery at)d order out the militia to sup- 
press them. I think, altoocther, we are not in 
danger of much bloodshed m the mode proposed 
by the Senator from Tennessee. 
I had not 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
quite done; but if the Senator is satisfied— 
Mr. DAVIS. Quitc satisfied. I am entirely 
satisfied that the answer of the Senator shows 
me he did not intend to fight at all; that it was 
a mere figure of speech, and does not justify con- 
verting the Federal capital into a military camp. 
But it is a sort of revolution which he pro- 
poses; it is a revolution under the forms of the 
Government. Now, I have to say, once for all, 
that, as long as I am a Senator here, I will not 
use the powers I possess to destroy the very Gov- 
ernment to which am accredited. i will not at- 
tempt, in the language of the Senator, to handcuff 
I will not attempt to destroy the 
the President. 
Administration by refusing any offccrs to admin- 
I should vote, as I have done 
istel' its functions. 
to Administrations to which I stood in nearest 
relation, acrainst a bad nomination; but I never 
would agree, under thc forms of the Constitution, 
and with the powers I bear as a Senator of the 
United States, to turn t.hose powers to the destruc- 
tion of the Governnncnt I was sworn to support. 
1 leave that to gentlemen wbo take the oath with 
It is not my policy. If I 
a mental reservation. 
must have revolution, I say let it be a revolution 
such as our fathers made when they were denied 
their natural rights. 
So much for that. It has quieted apprehension; 
and I hope that the artillery will not be brought 
here; that the militia will not bc called out; and 
that the female schools will con t.inue theirsessions 
as heretofore. [Laughtnr.] The. authority of Mr. 
Madison, howcvcr, was relied on by tbc Senator 
! from 'Pennessce; and he read fåirly an extract 
from MI'. Madison 's Ictter to VVebste1', and 
give him credit for reading what it sccms to me 
It is this clause: 
destroys his whole argument. 
'I'hc powers of thc Goverrnncnt being exercised, as in 
other electivc and responsible Governincnts, undcr the 
control of its constituents, the people, and the Legisla- 
ture,s (it' thc States, and subject to t.he revokutionary rights 
of the peoplc in c.xtrmnc cases." 
Now, sir, wc arc confusi ne langua very much. 
and occupy the placcs assigned to us by the Con- 
stitu(.ion of the country. Why (lid I mak_c that speak of revolution; and When they say rev- 
that they might- possess those inalienable rights 
which they hasl declared—terminäted•- their- great 
efforts by transmittingposterityqo a-conditiöh in 
which they could only gain those iights by force? 
If so, the blood of the Revolution was shedz in 
vain ; no great principles were established ; for Bree 
was the law of nature before the battles of •the 
Revolution were fought. 
I see, then—if gentlemen insist on using -the 
word c' revolution " in the sense of a •resort to 
force—a very great difference between their opin- 
ion and that of Mr. Madison. Mr. Madison put 
the rights of the people over and above everything 
else; and he said this was the Government dejure 
and de facto. Call it what name you will, he 
undcrsto.od ours to be•a Government of thc peo- 
ple. The-people never have separated themselves 
from those rights which our fathers had declared 
to be inalienable. They did not delegate to the 
Federal Government the powers which the British 
Crown cxercised over the colonies; they did not 
achieve their independence for any purpose so 
low as that. They left us to the inheritance of 
freemen, living in independent communities," the 
States united for the purposes which they thought 
would bless posterity. It is in the exercise Of 
this reserved right as defined by Mr. Madison, 
as one to which all the powers of Government are 
subject, that the people of a State in convention 
have claimed to resume the functions which in 
like manner they had made to the Federal Gov- 
crnmcnt. 
-I pass from the argument of this question, which 
I have previously said I did not Intend to enter 
into at large, to ask, why is the right denied? It 
is part of the history of our times, It is part of the 
condition of tho country, that the right is denied, 
because this conflict between sections, in which 
one was struggling for domination, the other for 
existence, has been brought to the point where the 
dominant section insists that it will hold thc other 
for its purposes; where it claims that we shall not 
go in peace, nor remain with our rights; and if the 
attempt be made to hold that position by force, we 
accept the wager of battle. 
Mississippi, in her brief history, claims to have 
shown at Pensacola and New Orleans something 
of the spirit of the freemen who achieved our in- 
I was reared in a county where, 
dependence. 
whcn the soil of a neighboring State was invaded 
I by a powerful foe, thc draft was who should stay 
at home, not who should go. I also have the sat- 
isfaction to know that the present generation havo 
not derogated from the history of those who went 
before it. From many a bloody field, both in for- 
Our fat.l'icn•s meant 
statement? It was because, on the 4th day of olt.u.ion, they Inean l)10Dd. 
eicyn and Indian war, has ascended the proud spirit 
nothing of tlie sort. When they spoke of revolu- 
March next, we shall have six majority in this 
of a Mississippian cnshrined in glory, whence 
body; and if, as some apprehended, the incoming I tion, they spoke of an inalienable When 
they look down upon us to vindicate the honorable 
they dcclarcd as an inalienal)lc rich t. ibe power of 
Adrninistration shall show any dispositi()n to 
the people abrogate and modify their form of fame of our Statc; and every heart beats true to 
make cncroacbmcnts upon the institution of sla- 
the impulse, of pride and the dictate of duty. If 
li Government w it did not answer the ends 
ve ry, cncroachrnents upon the rights of the States, 
li for which it was established, they did not mean 
or any other of the Constitution, we, 
that tllcy were to sustain that by brute force. 
by in the Union, and at our 
'Chey rncant that it was a right; and force could 
croachments. How? W c have thc power even only bc invoked when that right was wrongfully 
to reject the appointment of the Cabinet officers denied. Great Britain denied the right in the case 
of the incoming President. Then, should not of thc colonies; and thcrcfore our revolution for 
bc fighting• the battle in the Union, by resisting independence vvras bloody. If Great Bri tain had 
even the organization of the Administration in a admitt,ed the great American doctrine, thcrc would 
constitutional mode; and thus, at the very start, havc bccn no blood shed; und docs it become thc 
disable an Administration which was likely to dcscendants of those who proclaimed this as the 
great principle on which they took their place 
encroach on our rights and to violate the Consti- 
tution of the country? So far as appointino• even mnong thc nations of the earth, now to proclaim, 
a minister abroad is concerned, thc incoming Ad- if that is a right, it is one which you can only get 
as the subjects of tlie Emperor of Austria may got 
ministration will have no power Without our c.on- l' 
sent, if we rernaill hcre. It comes into office, hand- I their righis, by force overcoming force? Are we, 
in this age of civilization and political progress, 
cuffed, powerle,ss to do harm. -we, standing here, 
whcn political philosophy had advanced io tho 
resist it at the very threshold effectually; and do il point which seemed to rehder it possible that the 
it inside of the Union, and in our house. The millennium should now be seen by prophetic cyes; 
a.re we now to roll back the whole current of hu- 
incoming Administration has not even the power 
man thought, and again to return to the morc brute 
#1,000 a year, without consultation with, and the force whiéh prevails-between beasts of prey, as the 
acquiescence of, the Senate of the United Sluics. only method of settling questions between men ? 
If the Declaration of • independence be true, 
The President has not even the power to drai i I 
this right were admitted, we should have less 
If admitted, 
cal.tse to exercise it than we have. 
there would be less danger from a dbminant sec- 
tion than there is; there would bc less tendency 
to use power, when it was acquired, to the injury 
of ot.hcrs. The denial of the right is a grievance 
aggression. The concession of the 'right might 
dc(ay its exercise; and at the same time woui(l 
restrain the dominant section from abusing its 
powpcr so as to drive others to resort to it. Why 
If you take us out of the history of our 
at best. 
country, throw us into a broad discussion of the 
natural rights of man , we answer by thc facts 
which are being enacted. Stales have gone out; 
and what IS the use of arguing their riffht? The 
only questions wl'lich remain are for yourselves: 
secondly, have. you thc power? 
My friend from Louisiana, in closing his re- 
marks, referred to the disastrous scenes which 
I-Ie- did not offer the other side of the picture', and 
yet have seen that, in northern papers, he has 
II (and who here gainsays community 
his salary—his $25,000 per annum—unlcss we 
been criticised for saying even what he did. There 
I contend, then, that the true may dissolve its connection with any other coli)- 
is, however, another side to the picture. An army 
appropriate it. 
munity previously made, and have no other obli- 
the provisions of the Constitution. The Army gation than that which results from the breach of , with banners would do but little harm inmai•ching 
any alliance between States. Is it to bc supposed; through a country of plantations. They would 
Illave but little power to subsist themselves in a 
and Navy cannot be sustained without appropria- 
tions by Congress; and if we were apprehensivc could any man reasoning apriori come to the con- 
clusion.t.hat the men who fought the battles of thc sparsely settled region. They would find it hard 
to feed the army with which they invaded, and 
that encroachments would be made on the south- 
ern States and on their institutions, in violation Revolution for community independence— 
the men who struggled against the t.hcn greatest would have no power to bring away prisoners 
How stands it on the other side? 
having a dollar even to fied his Army or his Navy. military Power ori the face of the globc in order and fucritives. 
