1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
311 
a confederate Government which had within itself I ance with the Constitution, and in defense of the 
the powerof coercion. I would not agree to remain principles on which that Constitution rests. •We 
one day in such aGovernmentaftcr I had the power have warned you for many years that you would 
to get out of it. To argue that a man who follows drive us to this alternative, and you would not 
the mandate of his State, resuming her sovet•evyn I heed. I believe that you still look upon it ax 
jurisdiction and power, is disloyal to his allegiance , a rncre passing political move, as a device for 
to the United States, whichallegiance he only owed l' some party end, knowing little of the deep strug- 
through his State, is such a confusion of ideas as gle with which we have contemplated this as a 
does not belong to an ordinary comprehension of necessity, not as a choice, when we have been 
our Government. It is treason to the principle of I brought to stand before the, alternative—the de- 
It is to recur to that 
cornmunity independence. 
doctrine of passive obedience whicll, in England, 
cost one monarch his head, and drove another into 
exile; a doctrine whicb, since the revolution of 
1688, has obtained nowhere where men speak the 
English tongue; and yet all this it is needful to 
admit before we accept this doctrine of coercion, 
which is to send an Army and a Navy to do that. 
which there are no courts to perform; to execute 
the law without a judicial decision, and without 
an officer to serve process. This, I say, would 
degrade us to the basest despotism under which 
man could live; the despotism of a many-headed 
monster, without the sensibility or regardful con- 
sideration which might belong to a hereditary king. 
But the Senator föund somewhere, I believe in 
Georgia, newspaper article which suggested the 
vantages of a constitutional monarchy. Docs 
the Senator believe there is any considerablc 
number of people in any of the States who favor 
the establishment of a constitutional monarchy ? 
so, let. me at once, speaking with that assur- 
ance whiich is civen to me by those knowino more 
of' that people than myself, say that the appre- 
hension is vain. I am sure that the same feelinm 
prevails in that State as my own; the same which 
exists in his State of Tennessee; and in each of 
them there are many like the Lucius Junius— 
that would have brooked 
'The eternal l)evil to keep his state in Rome, 
As easily as a King." 
II 
struction of our community independence, or the 
destruction of that Union which our fathers made. 
You would not heed us. You dcemcd our warn- 
i ing to be merely to tbc end of electing a candidate 
for the miserable spoils of office, of which I am 
glad to say representa people who have had so 
little indeed that they have never acquired an 
appetite for them. Yet you have believed—not 
looking to the great end to which our cyes were 
directed—that it •wras a mere political resort, by 
which we would intimidate some of your own 
voters. You have turned upon those true friends 
of ours at the North who have. vindicated the 
Constitution, and pointed out to you the danger 
of your course, and held them responsible for the 
censure you received, as though you had not, in 
fact, aggressed. Even at thi session, after forty 
years of debate, you have 
ed us what was the 
matter. 
Your platform on whi i you elected your cun- 
didate dcnics us equality. Your votes refuse to 
rccocrnize our dornestic institutions which preex- 
t isted the forrnation of the Union, our property 
which was cruarded by the Constitution. You re- 
fusc ug that equality without which we should be 
degraded if we remained in the Union. You elect 
candidate upon the basis of sectional hostility ; 
one who, ill his speeches, now thrown broadcast 
over thecountry, madeadistinctdeclaration of war 
UDOII our institutions. We care not whether that 
war bc made by armies marching for invasion, or 
Mr. IVERSON. As allusion has been made It whethm• it bo 'by proclamation, or X.vhether it be l. 
In both modes, i 
by the Senator from Mississippi to an article by indirect and covert process. 
however, you have declared your hostility. The 
which appeared in paper in mv own town, and 
leading tnernbers of that party, some of thorn 
about which a good deal of noise hus been tnude, 
now bcforc hue, making speeches in various por- 
Hild which was referred to by the Senator fro In 
Tennessee, in his cclcbratcd spccch, 
the othcr 
day, as evidence that there was a party in the 
South in favor of a constitutional monarchy, I 
take the liberty to say that that was a commu- 
nication merely to the paper, and that it slipped 
in without the knowledge and consent of the pro- 
prietors of the paper; and in the very next paper 
the editors disclaimed and denounced it. 
1 will 
take the opportunity to say, in conjunction with 
what the Senatog from Mississippi has said, that 
there is not one man in a million, as faros I know 
and believe, in thc State of Georgia, or elsewhere 
in the South, who would be in favor of any such 
principle. 
Mr. DAVIS. If, Mr. President, a paper con- 
taining such dourine could subsist upon sub- 
scription anywhere in the United States, I should 
esteem it nearly as bad an indication as the adop- 
tion of the doctrine of slavish submission; and 
either the one or the other I should consider afar 
worse sign of man's incapacity to govern hilnself 
than any which iö? presented by the resumption 
I have no 
of the grants that a State has mode. 
idea that there is any such feeling within the 
limits of the southern States. 
There ace two modes, however, of dissolving 
the Union. One alone has been contemplated. It 
was that which proceeded from States separating 
themselves from those to whom they are united. 
It is by destroying the Con- 
There is another. 
stitution; by pulling down the political temple; 
by forming a consolidated Government. Union, 
in the very meaning of the word, implies the junc- 
tion of separate States. Consolidation would be 
the destruction of the Union, and far more fatal 
to popular liberty than the separation of the 
States. But, if fanaticism and sectionalism, like 
the blind giant of old, shall seize the Wllars of the 
temple to tear them down, in order that they may 
destroy its inmates, ith but remains for us to with- 
draw, and it •will be our purpose tocommence the 
erection of another on the same plan on which our 
fathers built this. We share no such common ruin 
as falls upon a people by consolidation and de- 
struction of the principles of liberty contained in 
the Constitution, by interference with comrnunity 
and social rights; and we go out of such a Gov- 
ernment whenever it takes that form, in accord- 
tions of the country during the last summer, even , 
after the election was over, when no purpose of 
the canvass remained still to excite them, an- 
nouncing the triumph which had been achieved, 
as tbc downfall of our domestic institutions; and 
still you ask us to make specifications, to filc an 
indictment as though we intended to arrairn you 
before a magistrate's court. Our fathers united 
with yours on the basis of equality, and they 
were prompted to form a union by the fraternity 
which existed between them. Do you admit that 
equality? Do you foe! that fraternity? Do your 
actions show it? They united for the purpose not 
only of domestic tranquillity, but for common de- 
fense; and the debates in the convention which 
formed the Constitution set forth that the navi- 
gating and manufacturing interests of one section, 
and the better defense in the other, 'vvere the two 
great objects which drew them together. Are you 
willing now tQ fulfill the conditions on which our 
fathers agreed to unite? 
When you use figurative language, its harsh- 
ness indicates the severity of your temper and the 
bitterness of your hate. When you talk about 
having your heel on the slave power and grind- 
ing it into dust; when you talk about the final tri- 
umph; when you talk about the extinction of sla- 
very, an institution writh which you have nothing 
to do and of which you know nothing, is this the 
fraternity, is this the Union, to which we were 
invited? Is that an administration of the Govern- 
ment under which we can live in safety? Is this 
a condition of things to which men , through whose 
veins flows the blood of the Revolution, can stoop 
without acknowledging that they had sunk from 
their birthright of freedom to become slaves ! 
I care not to read from your platform; I care 
not to read from the speeches of your President 
elect. You know them as I do; and the man who 
is regarded over this country as the directing in- 
tellect of the party to which •he belongs, the Sen- 
ator from New York, [Mr. SEWARD,] has, with less 
harshness of expression than others, but with 
more of method, indicated this same purpose of 
deadly hostility in every form in which it could 
be portrayed. Did we unite with you in order 
that the po wers of the General Govern men t should 
Do you believe that now; in our increased and 
increasinc-r commercial as well physical power,' 
we will consentto remain united to a Government 
exercised for such a purpose' as this ? 
What boots it to tell me thatno direct act-of_-ag. 
gression will be made? I prefer direct- tbcifidiréct 
hostile measures which wilF produce the sametre- 
suit. I prefer it, as I prefer an open to a-seerettbe. 
Is there a Senator upon the other side who to•aay 
will agree that we shall have equal enioyment of 
the Territories of the United States? rs there one 
who will deny that we have equally paid 'in their 
purchases, and equally bled in their acquisition in 
war? Then, is this the observance of your- com- 
pact? Whose is the fault if the Union be dissolved? 
Do you say that there is one of you who confro- 
verts either of these positions? Then I ask you, 
do you give us justice; do we enjoy equality? -If 
we are •not equals, this is not the Union to whiéti 
we were pledged; this is not the Constitution hYöu 
have sworn to maintain, nor this the GoVernme:nt 
we are bound to support. 
There is much, too, which is exceeditrgly_of- 
fcnsive in thc speculations you make upon our 
servants when you talk about negro insurrection . 
Governments have tampered with slaveg•, bad 
men have ffone among the ignorant and credulous 
people, an incited them to murder and arson; but 
of themselves—moving by themselves—I say his- 
tory does not chronicle a case of negro insurrec- 
tion. San Domingo, so often retirred to, and so 
little understood, is not a case where black heroes 
rose and acquired a Government. 
It "„•vas cage 
in which thc French Governrnent, tramplil'!g upon 
the rights and safety ofa distant and feeble colony 
by send ing troops among them, brought on a revo- 
lution, first of the mulattoes, and afterwards of 
the blacks. Their first army was not even able to 
It required a second army, and t.hat 
effect this. 
army to be quartered on the plantations; nay, 
after all, it required that the master should be ar- 
rested on the charge of treason and taken to France, 
before thc ne«roes could be aroused to insurrection. 
Do you wonder, then, that we pause when wo 
sec t Ins studied tendency to convert the Govcrn- 
ment into a military despotism? Do you wonder 
that we question the right of the President to send 
troops to execute the laws wherever he pleases, 
when we remember the conduct of France, and 
that those troops were sent with like avowal, and 
quartered on plantations, and planters arrested 
for treason—just such charges as are made to-day 
against southern men—and brought away that in- 
surrection might be instigated among their slaves ? 
I seek not to exaspcratc or intensify the causes 
of diffculty, It is needful that we should un- 
I thought we had done so 
derstand each other. 
before, and q.vas surprised to hear the question 
asked, " What is the matter ? ' ' The last canvass, 
I thought, had expressed the feelings and the 
opinion-s of the southern States. The State of 
Mississippi gave warning in solemn resolutions 
passed by her Legislature. Those resolutiöne 
were printed elsewhere, and were generally 
known. She declared her purpose to take cöyh- 
scl with her southern sister States whenever a 
President should be elected on the basis of sec- 
tional hostility to them. With all this warning, 
you paused not. The quarrel was not of ou 
making. Our hands are stainless; you 
upon our rights and our homes, and, under the 
will of God, we will defend them. 
There is a strange similarity in the position of 
affairs at the present day to that which the colo- 
nio occupied. Lord North asserted the right to 
collect the revenue, and insisted on collecting • it 
by force. He sent troops to Boston harbor, and 
to Charleston, and he quartered troops in those 
towns. The result was, collision, and out' of that 
collision came the separation of the colonies from 
the mother country. The same thing is being 
attempted to-day. Not the law, not the civil 
magistrate, but troops, arc relied upon now to ex- 
ecute the laws. To gather taxes in the southern 
ports, the Army and Navy must be sent to per- 
It iS the old 
form the functions of magistrates. 
case over again. Senators of the North, you are 
reénacting the blunders which statesmen in Great 
Britain committed; but amonoyou, there are some 
who, like Chatham and Burke, thöugh not otoür 
section, yet are vindicating our rights. 
I have heard, with some surprise, for it seemed 
to me idle, the repetition of the assertion heretofore 
used for destfoying our domestic institutions? made that the cause Of the separation was the 
