1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
316 
ator from Missouri has asked that question, as it 
will lead me to make a remark or two about that 
provision in the fugitive slave law. There is a 
provision in that act which has no practical im- 
portance; which I never could conceive of any 
reason for putting there, except it was to make It 
repulsive to northern senlirnent 
Mr. GREEN. 1 want an answer. 
TRUMBULL. The Senator will get an 
I never dodge a question. He will get 
answer. 
an answer. Let him be patient. The fugittve 
slave law contains a clause declaring it to be the 
duty of all good citizens to aid in its execution. 
There is no penalty attached to a refusal to com- 
ply with this requirement. Why was it putthere? 
No citizen is bound to aid in the arrest of fugitive 
slaves under that law because of those words, 
any more than if they were not there. 
It is an 
offensive provision. Now, then, if the Senator 
from Missouri wants to know if I will voluntarily 
(for it amounts to that) make myself a catcher 
of runaway negroes, I tell him, no. I would not 
do it either in the North or the South. 
I would 
not do it if I lived in a slave State. 
Mr. GREEN. Under the command of a law- 
ful officer authorized to do it? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. No has anypowcr 
to cmnmand me to do it. 
Mr. GREEN. When resisted by a mob? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, you are putting 
another question. 
Mr. GREEN. Then 1 ask you will you aid 
and assist in arresting a crirninal, a perjurer, a 
robber, a thief, and a knave? Will you do that? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. When, Mr. President, 
not at hand, 1 might, as a citizen, arrest the mur- 
It would depend on circumstances. 
deter. 
Mr. GREEN. Now, me ask him another 
question. Suppose the Senator was at his own 
home, and a fugitive slave went through his own 
town, and was arrested by his own marshal or 
commissioner under a lawful writ, under the fugi- 
tive slavc law, and a mob was raised to rescue 
him, and the public were called upon, including 
the Senator, would he obey that order? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator changes his 
issue, and asks another question. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 do not change it. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. well, sir, 1 shall not, of 
course, suffer myself to be interrogated, and to 
answer every question which the Senator from 
Missouri may ask; but in regard to thatquestion, 
and then I am done with-this questioning: I think 
I have answcrcd him prctty fully already. I will 
state, and have already stated, that there is no 
penalty annexed to the refusal ofa citizen to join 
the posse comitatus under the fugitive slave act. 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me 
moment? I do not propose to interrogate him. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 give way. 
Mr. MASON. I understand the Senator to say 
that he never could understand certain provisions 
of the law for the reclatnation of fugitive slaves; 
and onc of them was, that it required the posse 
comitatus, or the power of tho county, to aid the 
ofiicm• in executing the writ, and yet imposed no 
r I'hat, I understood 
penalty for disobedience. 
to be tbc objection to the law. 
Mr. TRÜMBULL. 1 say that is thö law. 
Mr. MASON, Very well; that is the objection 
the laws are disobeyed, and it becomes my duty I to the law. 
to aid in their execution, even if it bc in South 
Carolina, I am for discharging that duty; but be- 
cause I am for enforcing the laws, I am not, as a 
private citizen, for stepping out of the way to go 
hunting either horse thieves or neoroes, unless it 
suits 10 y convenience to do so. 
then am I to un- 
Mr. GREEN. very well; 
derstand the Senator 
'Ehe PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from Illinois give way ? 
Mr. GREEN. he allow me? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; 1 will allow 
Mr. GREEN. Am I to understand him to say 
that he will not assist, if called upon.by a legal 
offcerundcralawful writ, to an-esta fugitive slave 
or a criminal, unless he choose to do so, and that 
if the legal process is resisted, and the posse com- 
itat•us is called upon, he will not go unless hc 
chooses ? 
Mr. BAKER. 1 suppose he will he 
chooses, anyhow. [Laugh ter.] 
Mr. GREEN. You süppose; but I want no 
I wrant his answer. That is much 
supposition. 
better. 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Gentlemen will 
preserve order. The Senator from Illinois is en- 
titled to t.he floor. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, when 1 
become a police oßtccr, shall endeavor to dis- 
charge rny duties; but I shall not go about hunt- 
ing for fugitives, or hunting for negroes, unless it 
comes pait.iculal'ly in my way. I am not charged 
with these duties; and say to the Senator frorn 
Missouri now, if he wants to know, in regard to 
joining the posse conuitatus, there is no power to 
compel any man to join the posse comitatu.s against 
his will. 
Mr. GREEN. very well; 1 understand. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The laws of the United 
States, including the fugitive slave law, do not I 
cornpel any man to ioin the posse coanitatus to catch 
a fugitive slave. There is no penalty attached to 
the refusal to comply with theprovision declarinff 
it to be the duty of all good citizens to aid in the 
execution of the fugitive slave law. 
Mr. GREEN. Do I understand you to say that 
you will not do it unlcss you choose? 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President— 
Mr. MASON. Allow me to go That law 
is simply this—and if there be any defect in it, I 
probably am more responsible than others—the 
law authorizes the marshals and the deputy mar- 
shals to execute the process. Or,her laws of the 
United States authorize thc marshals and deputy 
marshals, in the execution of the process, if they 
arc resisted, or apprehend resistance, to summon 
the power of the county to cnable them to do it; 
and the fugitive slave law does this in addition: 
it appoints a ntunber of officers as commissioners 
to dctcrrnine upon the right of the claimant, and 
for con vcniencc authorizes those commissioners, 
if necessary, to depute special officers to execute 
their Inandates; and it gives to these special off- 
cers, what the marshals always had, the power 
to summon a posse if they q.vere resisted. Now 
the Senator says there is no penalty. Why, I 
take it for granted the Senator kno•.vs that at 
common-law the sheriff has the right to summon 
a posse; and if any disobey, does the Senator rnean 
If any disobey, they 
to say tllere is no penalty ? 
cornmit a misdemeanor, and are indictable for 
that misdemeanor in refusing to obey the order 
of thc executive offcer. The marshal has the 
same power; and those deputies appointed under 
t.he fugitive slave law have that power; and if 
any refuse to obey, they commit a misdemeanor, 
and are punishable for it. 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President— 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let mc answer the Sen- 
ator from Virginia now. I cannot be interrupted 
by two at once. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 only desire to make a 
mark. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Illinois is on titled to the floor, unless be 
chooses to yield it. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Vir- 
ginia seems to suppose that it is a misdemeanor, 
at common-law, to refuse to join the posse comi- 
tatus when properly summoned. Be it so. W c 
have no common-law offenses in the United States 
It is no rnisdemeanor in this country, 
courts. 
except it be under a statute; and there is no gen- 
eral statute of the United States imposinø a pen- 
alty or making it an offense to refuse to join the 
Mr. TRUiMBULL. i do tell the Senator from posse convitatus. There are some specific lat.vs, 
Missouri that I will not, unless I choose, help to some, I think, in regard to revenue, where, if a 
catch a runaway negro. If he wants to know if person refuses to join the posse, he is subjected 
I will help to catch a murderer, I tell him that t to penalties; but {here is no general law of that • 
will depend on the circumstances of the case. If i kind, and a man is not subject to be indicted for 
a murder was committed last night in the city of a misdemeanor who refuses to join a posse, when 
New Ycn•k, I do not expect to take the cars to- commanded by a marshal, uhder this fugitive 
slave law. 
night to go there to help arrest the murderer; but, 
Mr. GREEN. 'Will the Senator allow me once 
under different circumstances, when a murder was 
committed in in y presence, and the offccrs wore more, and Will ask him no further questions? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does 
ator from Illinois give way to thé Senator from 
Missouri ? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wiluhis be 
Mr. GREEN. This will be the last. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well. 
Mr. GREEN. Everybody knows thatit is the 
duty of the Senator, if calle.d upon to assist. in 
executing the law, to turn out and assist in doing 
it. He will not answer whether he- will do it Or 
not; but says he has a right to refuse because 
there is no penalty. I say this: that man who 
violates his duty because there is no penalty to 
coerce him, is as bad as the man who Incurs the 
penalty of death. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That, then, 1 suppose, is 
the question which the Senator from Missouri 
wanted to ask me. 
j Mr. GREEN. That is the question; yes, sir. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. He has interpolated 
speech, instead of asking a question. 
Mr. GREEN. have asked-— 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has 
isqd, believe, to bc still. Now, sir, there being 
no obligation—and there has been a misapprehen- 
Sion in regard to that matter, I think, in the public 
mind—there being no legal oblioation upon the 
citizen to join tbc posse, I think It was a mistake 
of the Senator from Virginia to put such a clause 
in the law; a clause offensive to the public senti- 
ment of the North, and which did not strengthen 
tbe law at all. 
In regard to this thing of joining 
the posse comitatus, all good citizens, when the 
laws are resisted, should hold themselves ready 
upon proper occasions, and at proper times, to aid 
in their enforcement. Our institutions rest upon 
the 'respect of the people for the laws; but us to 
whethcr, in a particular instance, a man will join 
the posse comitatus or not, will depend on the cir- 
cumstances of the case. 
But, sir, I did not intend making any lcn&th- 
ened remarks, but only to reply in a fcw words 
to what 1 thought to be the false assumptions of 
Senators on the other side as to this whole con- 
trovct•sy. I shall not take up tho time ofthc Sen- 
ate by going into any lengthened argument, but 
will stale in a few words what I suppose to be 
our duty here; and that is, in the first place, to 
endeavor to maintain the Constitution and the laws 
as we them. When the attack is madc by 
the seceding States, or by mobs in the southern 
States, upon the constituted authorities, there can 
be no doubt as to our duty in such case. I X.vas 
saying, when interrupted, that the North was not 
disposed to make an•y encroachments upon the 
South. I was saying that even this fugitive slave 
law would most likely be better executed under 
Mr. Lincoln's administration than under Mr. 
Buchanan 's, and was giving some reasons for this 
opinion. We know that Mr. Lincoln, in his pub- 
lic speeches, has said that so long as this statute 
stands, objectionable as it may bc, he would con- 
sider it his duty to have it executed. He has 
said, further, that, in his opinion, the slave own- 
ers were entitled, under the Constitution, to a 
reasonable law to reclaim their runaway slaves; 
and he has said that he '.vould not objecb to any 
law for that purpose which was not more likely 
to enslave a free man than your common crimi- 
nal laws are to punish an innocent one. Now, 
does the Senator from Virginia want. 
more than that? Would he not be satisfied with 
a law which should give no more chance for a 
fugitive slave to escape than there is to convict an 
innocent man under our criminal laws ? 
Mr. MASON. If the Senator wants an an- 
swer, I will say to him that my experience of the 
execution of the fugitive slave law in most of the 
non-slaveholding States shows that the law is of 
no value to the South. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, if that bc so, 
I apprehend the fault is not W'ith the Federal Gov- 
, ernment; the fault is not with the Republican 
party; and it seems to me, if you have all you 
want, and all you ask, in regard to the fugitive 
slave law, and then, if we stand by the compro- 
mise measures of 1850, you ought to be satisfied. 
We only complicate things, we only increase the 
difficulties, when we come forward to overturn 
these settlements; and now I do appeal to my 
friend from Kentucky, and ask him Why he can- 
not join me, and stand right by the compromise 
measures of 1850? The Senator from Missouri, 
I I understand, is willing to do that. That needs 
