316 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 10, 
no mew legislation. You contend that, under the 
compromise of 1850, you havc the right to take 
slaves into the Territories. 
I deny it. 
I do not 
think so: We differ about that right; but let that 
difference exist. We can get along with that. 
We have got along with it for ten years. Why 
disturb these compromises? They gave peace to 
the country at a time of grcat disturbance. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. suppose the Senator 
does not wish me to answer him now, but desires 
to conclude his argument. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. do not desire to engage 
•thqSenator from Kentucky in a discussion at this 
time, *but simply to call his attention to the com- 
prormse of 1850, and see if x.ve do not stand in a 
better position just as we are than by attempting 
to patch up some new compromise. For my 
-lifé, I cannot see the occasion for all this agita- 
tionin the country andtfor States threatening to 
go out of the Union, unless it be simply tho fact 
that tbc Republican party has, in the constitu- 
tional mode, elécted its candidate for thc Presi- 
dency. That is all I can sec. 
Inasmuch as we 
have not been in power, we certainly have done 
nothing; and although Senators who say they 
iove the Union will pick out an isolated passage 
from Mr. Lincoln 's speeches, or from the speeches 
of some extreme man, and reitcratc it over and 
over again , as if further to inflame thc public mind , 
still, when you come back and look at the public 
course of thc President elect, at his avowed opin- 
ivns•,_ at- the platform upon which he is elected, 
you will find nothing that interferes in the least 
with the rights of the South; nothing that dcnics 
the equality of the States; nothing that denies ihc 
cquahty of any individual from any of the States 
in the common Territories of' the United States. 
It is a mistaken notion to suppose that a person 
from any portion of the country can take to thc 
Territories the laws and the institutions which 
owe their existence to the local legislation in his 
own State. Then, it sccms to me, all we have to 
do is to rally around t11C Constitution, sustain the 
constituted authorities of thc country, and, In y 
word for it, if that is done, one vear will not 
clapse, after Mr. Lincoln shall be inaugurated as 
President, before his administration will have 
shown by its acts—and it seems that is the only 
way we can ever show it to the South—that no 
cncroachment is to be made upon the rights of 
the. South; we shall Itavc a better statc•of 'föel.jng 
in this country than we have had for many years. 
That; sir, I hope to see, and I believe that we 
shall see it. The misrepresentation has ,been so 
persistent, go often repeated as to the views of the 
Republican party, that it seems impossible to dis- 
abuse, the rmnds of' tliC people of the South, until 
by our acts we show that we intcn(l no encroach- 
ment u their rights. 
Mr. FviASON. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 desire the Senator from Vir- 
"init to permit me to take 
the floor for next 
Monday. 
Mr. MASON. I wanted to propose only this: 
my collcaguc., who is not now in the Senate, [Mr. 
H (JNTER,] having been called away, I understand 
has tho floor to-morrow on a resolution that he 
oilined some time ago, and which was made the 
ordcr of the day for to-morrow. 
The, suuject now before the Senate is the Prcs„ 
ident's message, and I understood that the Senator 
from York, [Mr. SEWARD,] having thc floor 
for Saturday; will con Linue the discussion on this 
messaffe on Saturday. I move, therefore, that its 
fut•tLc1' consideration be postponed until Satu rday, 
which will give way for my colleague to-unorrow, 
and the Senator from New York, will have the 
floor on this question on Saturday. Then the 
Senator from Missouri can take it for Nfonday. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What is the 
hour the Senator named? 
I'v'lc. MASON. My motion is to postpone the 
fu rlher consideration of this su bject u n til Satu rday, 
and make-: 
it the special order for one o'clock. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. notice 
move to postpone all business to take up and con- 
sidcr the resolutions of pacification, and to con- 
tinue them to the exclusion of all other business 
until they are dis oscd of. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion 
before the Senate is, that the President's message 
which is now under discussion upon a Inotion to 
print, be postponed until Saturday, and be madc 
the special order for one o'clock on that. day. 
Mr. CAMERON. I move to amend that prop- 
osition by saying_that the whole subject be post- 
poned until Monday. One of the Senators from 
New .York has given notice that on Saturday he 
intends to address the Senate, and I do not want 
any special order made that will intcrfere with 
him. 
Several SENATORS, He iS to speak on this 
question. 
Mr. CAMERON. very well, thcn. 
Mr. BIGLER. The motion to postpone is 
perfectly right. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 move that the Senate 
adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
THURSDAY, January 10, 1861. 
The House mct at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. T 110Mhs H. STOCKTON.. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House orders of the Postmaster Gen- 
eral for deductions, fines, remissions, &c., on the 
pay of mail contractors, from July 2, 1859, to 
June 30, 1860; which was laid on t*he table, and 
ordered to be printed. 
SELECT COMMITTED. 
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. HOWARD, of 
Michigan ; Mr. BRANCH, of North Carolina; Mr. 
DAwns, of Massachusetts; Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, 
of New York; and Mr. HICKMAN, of Pennsylva- 
nia, as members of the select committee ordered 
by the House on the 9th instant, to whom the 
special message of the Prcsidcnt was referred, 
ewith certain instructions. 
PERSONAL L'XPLANATION. 
Mr. P,OTELER. I rcspcctfully ask the unan- 
ill)ous consent o? the House to unakc a personal 
explanation. 
The SPEAKER. If no objection ig made, the 
gentleman will proceed. The Chair hears no ob- 
jection. 
Mr. BOTELER. My attention was arrested 
this morning by a paracraph in a paper published 
in the district which i' have the honor to repre- 
sent, stating that the motion I submitted here on 
the second day of thc present session, calling for 
the appointment of a committee of one from each 
State of tho Union to take into consideration thc 
present perilous condit.ion of the country, was 
madc at the instance of a membct• of the Rcpub- 
lican party. Now, sir, I do not choose to have 
any such representation madc in reference to my 
action. 
I do not choose that it shall go forth to 
the public, and especially to the people who have 
intrusted mc with the carc of their interests, and 
the protection of their honor upon this floor, that 
I acted at the instance of a member of the Repub- 
lican party upon that occasion. 
My political carccr has bccn a brief and an 
humble one; but I am not willing, brief and hum- 
ble as it is, that it. shall be tainted, directly or 
indirectly, by any suspicion ofa want of loyalty 
on Iny part to the good old Commonwealth of 
which am a citizen. 
I made that motion, sir, 
upon my own responsibility as onc of thc Rep- 
resentatuvcs of Virginia. I made it after consulta- 
tion with prominent gentlemen upon the Demo- 
cratic side of the Housc, and with prominent 
gentlemen belonging to the party to which I have 
the honor to belong—the southern Opposition 
party. There •were other gentlemen who had 
similar propositions ready to submit at that time. 
T hc gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. WINS- 
LOW] and the gentleman before me from New 
York [Mr. J0HN COCHRANE] had similar prop- 
ositions; and the distinguished gentleman from 
Tennessee [Mr. MAYNARD] had a proposition of 
I conferred with them, and they 
the same sort. 
agreed with me in the propriety of my offerit•p 
that resolution. 
I claimed the privilego of sub- 
mitting that motion, because I came from the 
district which had suffered most wrong at the 
hands of those who belong to thc anti.slavery 
party of thc North. 
I made that motion in no 
craven spiritof submission. I madeit, holding out 
no white flag of truce in order that I might obtain 
for those I represent terms of surrender. I made 
it in order to afford those upon the other side of 
the House an opportunity to state to us and to the 
countzy whether they meant to tender to us the 
olive branch of peace or the sword. I madc it 
that they might state to us fully, fairly, and face 
to ace, through their representative men upon 
that mmitteej whether they meant to be what 
we ha declared to the world. they were, or whether 
they meant to be conservative, as some of them 
professed to be. 
I confess I am disappointed in the action of 
I ••,vas disappointed, sir, in the 
that committee. 
manner in which that committee was constituted, 
I am disappointed in the time which it has taken 
It has had every opportunity for con- 
to report. 
ference. One month has elapsed since the com- 
mittee was raised; and the country has been look- 
ing with anxious cxpectation to see what would 
be the result of their deliberations. The mem- 
bers of that committee have been excused from 
service upon this floor. Every facility has been 
afforded them, and yet they have not, up to this 
time, madc a rcport, or indicated their disposi- 
tion to do so. Now, they must know that this is 
trifling with the best interests of the country. I 
am not one of those who yet despair of the Re- 
public. I have bound to my heart of hearts the 
heroic maxim which gave Rome the empire of 
the world: " Nevcr despair of the Republic;" but 
I must confess that, during the last week, my 
hopes have been dying out. And if that commit- 
tee do not soon report solne measure of relief to 
the House, or if the House does not take some 
effective action, I believe, ere another week elapses, 
it will be too late for those who desircto preserve 
this Union to save it from destruction. 
UNION RESOLUTIONS—NEW YORK. 
Mr. SICKLES, by unanimous consent, pre- 
scnted to the House preamble and resolutions 
adopted by thc mayor, al(lermen, and common- 
alty of the city of New York, in reference to thc 
state of thc Union; which were laid on the table, 
and ordcrcd to bc printed. 
SELECT COMMITTEE OF THIRTY-THREE. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the unanimous con- 
scnt of the I-lousc to introduce the res- 
olution : 
Resolued, That the select committee, to whom was row 
ferred the President's special message of the 8th instant, 
be, and they are hereby, instructed to consider that porti0R 
of said messatre which recommends a reförence to the voto 
of the people of the questions at issue between the ditrer- 
ent scctions of the country, and now agitating the public 
peace and threatening the speedy dissolution of the Gov- 
ernment, and to report thereon at an early day either by bill 
or joint resolution. 
Mr. JONES objected. 
STEAM COMMUNICATION WITH CHINA. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, by unanimous con- 
sent, presented to the House a memorial of the 
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York, 
asking for thc establishment of mail facilities, by 
subsidies to a line of steamers, between the cities 
of San Francisco, in California, and Shanghai, in 
China, with connections at certain intermediate 
ports; which was rcferred to the Comrnittee on 
Commerce. 
NATIONAL CONVENTION. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. 1 ask the 
unanimous consent of the House to present a me- 
morial of certain citizens of Philadelphia, request- 
ing Congress to call a national convention in In- 
dependence I-lall, on the 22d of February next, 
or at other day, to settle the difficulties of 
the country. 
No objection was made to its reception. 
Mr. NORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I move that 
it be laid on the table, and printed. 
Mr. BRANCH. With reference to the paper 
just presented, I desire to say that it is not cus- 
tomary to have such papers printed, unless there 
is some particular reason for it. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The simple 
reason for printing it is the importance of the sub- 
Mr. QU ARLES. I believe the rules require 
that a motion to print must go to the Committee 
on Printing. 
Mr. JONES. I object to its being printed. 
Not one of these petitions proposes to givc us our 
I rights. They have a great deal to say about Union, 
