318 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 10, 
Mr. McRNIGHT. 1 ask the chairman of the 
Committee-for the District of Columbia whether 
this bill is printed. 1 sent for a copy awhile ago, 
and could not get it. 
MY. CARTER. The bill is printed. 
The" question was taken on Mr. HUGHES'S mo- 
tion to go info the Committee of the Whole on the 
state of the Union; and it was not agreed to. 
The question recurred on the thii•d reading and 
engrossment of the bill'. 
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 have that bill and 
the amendment read. 
The bill was read. - It constitutes and appoints 
George W. Riggs, Edward Maynard, Thomas P. 
Morgan, Robert •J. Patterson, Francis A. Lutz, 
Walter S. Cox, James M. Carlisle, Jonah D. 
Hoover, and Thomas Thornley, or a majority 
Of -theni, commissioners to open books, receive 
subscriptions, and organize a company by the 
name, style, and title of the Washington City and 
Georgetown Railway Company, with power and 
authority to construct a double track railway, bo- 
ginning at the navy-yard gate, through and along 
Eighth strcct east to its intersection with Pennsyl- 
vania avenue; along said avenue to First street 
east; thence along the southern boundary of the 
Capitol grounds to the southern gate thereof; 
through the same to the northern gate and North 
Capitol street to C street north; thence along C 
Strect north and Indiana avenue to First street 
west, with the prüvilege of a switch to the depot 
offthe -Washington branch of' the Baltimore and 
Ohio railroad;' along First street-west to the west 
gate of the Capitol grounds; thence through and 
a16ng Pennsylvania avenue, Fifteenth street west, 
Pennsylvania avenue, crossing Rock crock by the 
tubular bridge, now being constructed, to Bridge 
street, Georgetown; along 13ridge street to its in- 
tersection With Lingan street, opposite the Alex- 
and ria canal aqueduct, with all the nccessary 
switches, and turn-outs, and turn-table, with the 
right to run cars thereon, drawn by horses, for 
the transportation of passengers only. Also, the 
örivilege of constructing a (single track with turn- 
outs) branch line from the of Penn- 
sylvanie. avenue with Seventh street west; 
said street north to IVI street north; along M street 
north to Ninth street west; along Ninth street 
west, south to its intersection writh Pennsylvania 
avenue. Also, the privilege of constructincr a 
(single track widi turn-outs) branch line from the 
intersection of Pennsylvania avenue with Four- 
and•a-Half street. west, south to the gate of the 
inclosure of the arsenal grounds; thence to a point 
on the Potornac river. 
The •second section provides that the capital 
stock of said company shall consist of six thou- 
sand shares of fiflydollars cach, and that the said 
company may, from time to time, by a vote of the 
stockholdérs ata meeting called for that purpose, 
of which meeting thirty days ' notice shall be given 
in one or more newspapers in the city of Wash- 
ington, increase the cal"ital stock to an amount 
suffeient to carry out the true intent and meaning 
of the act. 
T hc third section providcs that the corm•nission- 
ers, or a majority of them, shall have power to 
open books receiving subscriptions to thc cap- 
ital stock of company at such time or tirnes, 
place or places, as they may deem expedient, 
after having given at least twenty days' notice in 
one or more newspapers published in the city of 
Washington; and at the times and places so des- 
ignated and named in the public notices to be 
given as aforcsaid, the said commissioners, or a 
majority of them, shall attend and furnish to all 
persons duly qualified, who shall offer to sub- 
scribe, an opportunity of so doing; and it shall 
bc lawful foc all such persons, and for all firms 
and copartnerships, by themsel ves or by persons 
dui y authorized, to subscribe for shares in said 
stock; and the said books shall be kept open at 
least six hours in every day for thc term of ten 
days, or until there shall have been subscribed 
the whole number of shares authorized by this 
act; provided that during the first five days no 
one firm or iridividual shall be allowed to sub- 
scribe for morc than ten shares. And if, after 
the expiration of ten days, the books aforesaid 
shall not have thie number of shares therein sub- 
scribed , 
the said commissioners may adjourn 
from tirnc to timc until the whole number author- 
ized shall be subscribed, of which adjournment 
the commissioners aforesaid shall give such pub- 
lic notice as tho occasion may require; and when 
the .whole number of shares shall be subscribed, 
the books shall be closed; provided that no sub- 
scription shall be valid unless the party or parties 
making the same shall pay, at the time of sub- 
scribing, to the said commissioners, the sum of 
five dollars on each and every share subscribed, 
for the use of said company. 
The fourth section proiides that when the cap- 
ital stock, as provided by the act,-shall have .been 
subscribed, and five dollars paid on each and 
every share as aforesaid, the said commissioners, 
or such of them as shall have acted, shall certify 
to the President, under their hands and seals, the 
names of the subscribers, and the number of 
shares subscribed by each, and that five dollars 
on cach share have been paid; . whereupon the 
President shall, by letters patent, under his hand 
and the seal of the United States, create and con- 
stitute the subscribers, and if the subscription 
bc not full at the time, those who shall there- 
after subscribe to the number of shares aforcsaid, 
their successors and assions, iito a body politic 
and corporate, in dced and in law, by the name, 
style, an-d title designated by the act; and by the 
said name, style, and title, the said subscribers 
shall have perpetual succession, with all the priv- 
ileges, franchises, and immunities incident to a 
corporation, and bc able to sue or be sued, plead 
and be impleaded, in all courts of record, and 
elsewhere, and to purchase, receivc, have, hold, 
use, and enjoy, to them and their successors, 
goods, chattels, and estate, real and personal, of 
what kind and nature soever, and the same, from 
time to time, to sell, exchange, mortgage, grant, 
alien, or otherwise dispose of, and to make div- 
idends of such•portions of the profits as they may 
deem proper; and also to make and have a com- 
mon seal, and the same to altcr and renew at 
plcasufe, and also to ordain, establish, and put 
In execution such by-laws, ordinances, and reg- 
ulations as shall appear nccessary or con venient 
for the government OF said corporation, not being 
contrary to the Constitution and laws of the Uni- 
ted States; and generally to do all and singular 
the matters and things which to them it shall law- 
fully appertain to do for the well-being of said 
corporation, and the due and mana«re- 
mentof the affairs thereof; provided that nothing 
in the act contained Shail be construed as in any 
way givincr to such corporation any banking 
privileges whatever, to issue any bond or bonds, 
or any other liberties, privileges, or franchises 
but such as may be necessary or convenient to 
the procuring, owning, making, maintaining, reg- 
ulating, and using their railroad for the convey- 
ance of passengers. And it is further provided that 
the company shall not purchase or hold any real 
estate, except such as may be necessary or con- 
venient for the making and constructing of their 
railroad, or for the furnishing of materials there- 
for, and for the accommodation of depots, offces, 
warehouses, machine-shops, and other appropri- 
ato appurtenances, and for thc persons and things 
emk)loycd or used in and about tl"e same. 
'1 he sections of the bill prescribe the 
terms and conditions on which the business of the 
company is to be conducted. 
'I'he Committee for the District of Columbia 
recommend the followin(r amendment: 
Inscrt after thc word satne," in tbc sixteenth line of the 
eighteenth section, the following, to wit: ' 'Which atnount 
xnay be 
increased at any thne by the eorpnrate authorities 
of said cities, either of them, to a sun) not exceeding ten 
(1011ars per car;" 
so that the sccu011 will read : 
SEC. IS. .R•nd bc it fuo•ther cnactcd, 'l'hat it shall be in- 
cumbent, on the railroad corn pany, as aforesaid, before plac- 
ing cars upon their road, to pay into the treasuries of the 
cities of VVashington and Georgetown each, and annually 
thereafter, far the use of the cities, the sum of five dollars 
for each car intended to run on the same, which amount 
may be increased, 
IVIr. BURNETT. 1 am opposed to authorizino 
city railway alono• Pennsylvania avenue, and 
I would vote, as an ori•rinai proposition, against 
any bill for that purpose, if I thought I could de- 
feat it. But being satisfied that there isa majority 
of Congress in favor of making a grant to parties 
for the purpose ofbnil(ling such a road, l, bet',veen 
i the different prqiccts that have been offered, have 
my choice, and in order that the House may un- 
derstand the position of the Committee for the 
District of Colt.xmbia in regard to the various bills 
that luave been offin•ed for charterin€r companies to 
build this road, I will state that no one measure 
I that has been offered here, according to my un- 
dcrstanding, has the approval of the committee as 
a committee. But by nn order of that committee, 
its mem bcrs were permitted to presen t to the House 
their respective bills for Riving these privileges to 
companies, so that the House might considerand 
determine between the different projects. With- 
out committing myself to the bill which I now 
hold in my hand—for I have not had an oppor- 
tunity to examine its details suffciently—rcan 
say that I prefer its general features and- its ob- 
jects to those of the bili now under consideration. 
1 propose to offer this bill, wiLh the amendments 
annexed to it, as a substitutefor the bill now under 
consideration. 
The SPEAKER protempore, (Mr. JOHN 
RANE in the chair.) The Chair will state to the 
gentleman from Kentucky that his motion is not 
in order pending a motion to commit. 
Mr. HOUSTON. With a view to bring the 
whole subject of these conflicting propositions for 
railways along the streets of this city before the 
House, I will, for the present, withdraw the mo- 
tion to commit, so that the substitute may be 
offered. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 now offer the bill which 
I send to the Clerk 's desk, with the amendments 
thereto attached, as a substitute for the bill now 
pending. This bill has been prepared by my 
colleague and friend, [Mr. HUGHES,] but as I 
have not had sumcient time to examine itin detail, 
I do not commit myself to support it in its details. 
The SPEAKER pro tanpore. The Chair 
dcrstands that the bill and amendments are offered 
as a single substitute for the bill reported by the 
chairman of' the Committee for the District of 
Columbia. 
Mr. BURNETT. Yes, sir. 
I am in favor of 
this projects because it is in connection with a 
company already chartered for the building of a 
road from this city through the Statc of Maryland 
10 the Point of Rocks, some fifty miles from. 
here, by which western travel from this city Wila 
be shortened by six hours. 'There are other guards 
around this bill which the original bili 
does not contain. T I'le original bill proposes to 
grant by to parties in this city the right of 
way alono• Pennsylvania avenue to build a city 
railway, granting to them all the profit that 
may accrue from the operation of this road. It 
authorizes them to regulate and control this close 
corporation, as it may be called, and that, too, 
without giving to the corporate authorities of 
Washington and Georgetown any control over 
the action of this irresponsible body of corpora- 
tors. Hence I am opposed to it. 
Now, I would vote cheerfully for any propo- 
sition which had for its object the lett.ing out of 
this franchise to those who would pay theymost 
for it. 
I believe that it would be right to give to 
the city authorities of •Washington and George- 
town the power to grant these privileges, with 
such restrictions as Congress may approve, to 
tho parties who will pay the most for the fran- 
It is eagerly sought for, and it is bclievcd 
by those who arc seeking to have the bill passed, 
that it will be profitable, and will pay large div- 
idcnds. Judging by the eagerness with which 
this Capitol is besieged by the friends of the dif- 
fcrent projects offered , I mustconfess that it seems 
to me that the wisest course would be to permit 
the authorities of Washington and Georgetown 
to receive bids, and to give the franchise to those 
who arc willing to pay the most for it, making it 
their duty to submit the matter for the approval 
of Congress. 
I do not desirc to detain the House by any 
lengthened debate on this bill. 1 am satisfied that 
we cannot pass either one of those projccts with- 
out going into the Committee of the on 
the state of the Union, and there discussing the 
bill and amendments, so that the subject may be 
understood. In that behalf, I shall move to go 
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of 
the Union. But first I move that this bifl and 
the substitute be referred to the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of tl')e Union. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. This bill looks to a 
connection of a railroad in this District with some 
railroad in Virginia. Before it can be constructed 
Virginia will have ceased to be a member of this 
Confideracy; and it is to that point that I invite 
the attention of the House. On the 20th day of 
December, 18G9, the people of South Carolina— 
Mr. LOVEJOY. to a point of order. It 
