1861. 
is that the remarks of the gentleman from Vir- 
ginia are not germane to this bill. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. myself 
to tho substitute offered by the gentleman from 
Kentucky , I may assign the reasons which induce 
me to oppose it. On the 20th day of December, 
1860, the people of South Carolina, by a unani- 
mous vote, passed the following ordinance 
Mr. STANTON. 1 understand that the mo- 
tion is pending to commit the bill to the Commit- 
tee of the W hoi-eon the state of the Union. Nothing 
is better settled than that the merits of the bill are 
notÄdebalable on a motion to cornmit. 
I there- 
fore make that point. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. Then 1 hope the gen- 
tleman from Kentucky will withdraw his motion 
to commit. 
Mr. BURNETT. It seems to be the fixed pur- 
pose of gentlemen on the other side of the House 
to prevent anything like discussion of the ques- 
tions now affitating the country, so that the peo- 
pte might understand them and know the views 
of members of this House. I withdraw the mo- 
tion to commit. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. begin amtin. 
Mr. STANTI'ON. What is the pending ques- 
tion now? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Tho question 
now is on the substitute offered to the bill by the 
gentletnan from Kentucky. This being a special 
order, the Chair will remind the gentleman from 
Virginia that remarks must be confined strictly 
to the question. 
Mr.DE JARNETTE. Mr.speaker,lpropose 
to assign the reasons why, as a member of this 
House from the- State of Virginia, I feel it incum- 
bent upon me to oppose the amendment of the 
gentlernan from Kentucky, [Mr. BURNE'rT.] It is 
proper, before slating In y particular objecüons, 
that I should assign some general reasons why 
the bill and arnendmcnt should not be passed. 
Mr. Speaker, on the 20th day of December, 
1860, the people of South Carolina, by unani- 
mous vote, passed the followin" ordinance of 
secessLon•. 
an Ordinance to dissoh•e the Union between the State of 
South Carolina and the other States united with her, un- 
der the compact entitled The Constitution of thc United 
States Q/ Jlnzerica." 
We, the people of South Carolina, in convention as- 
sembled. do declare and ordain,and it is hereby declared and 
ordained, that the ordinance adopted by us in convention, 
on tho 23d day of May, in the year of'our Lord 1788, whereby 
the Constitution of the United States of America was rat- 
ified ; and also all acts and parts of acts of the General As- 
sembly of' this State rati(yiug the arnendnu•nt of the said 
Constitution are hereby repealed ; and that the union now 
subsisting between South Carolina and the other States 
under the na:ne of the United States of Aincrica, is hereby 
dissol ved. 
Mr. CARTER. If 1 have the right, 1 call the 
gentleman from Virginia to order-. This is a 
it is 8 bill for the construction of 
specific matter; 
a passenger railway in this District; and I insist 
that, under the rules, the gentleman must confine 
his remarks to its provisions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen- 
tleman from New York raise to a point of order? 
Mr. CARTER. 1 certainlv do. 1 deem it to 
be my duty to do so as the chairrnan of the Coln- 
mittee for the District of Columbia. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman 
will state his point of Order. 
Mr. CARTER. My point of order is this: 
that debate at this stage of the proceedings must 
be strictly confined to the bill, and not wander 
off into other and far different matters. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The gentleman 
from Virginia has not yet proceeded får enough 
to possess the Chair With the tenor and effect of 
his retnarks; and the Chair is not, therefore, now 
enabled to give an intelligent decision under the 
rules. The gentleman from Virginia will pro- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
sion; and a majority, a large majority, of the 
peol)le of cach and all of those States entertain 
the opimon, with the utmost confidence, that they 
have the right so to do. It is probable that a ma- 
joritv of the people of the other, or non-slavehold- 
ihg States, deny that this right exists. 
Mr. CARTER. 1 again raise the point of 
The SPEAKER The Chair is of 
the opinion that the remarks of the gentleman 
from Virginia are not in order, not being addressed 
to the merits of the bill under consideration. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. It may be my mis- 
fortune not directly to come to the point at issue. 
If the gentleman from New York will bear with 
me a while, I am sure I can convince him that 
my remarks are not only applicable, but alto- 
gether pertinent to the pending measure. 
Mr. CARTER. 1 should be happy to hear 
the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia at 
the proper time; but I cannot bring myself to 
yield up the time set apart for the business of the 
District of Colunhbia, to matters purely abstract, 
and not now before us. 
Mr. DE J ARNETT E. I very well understand 
that this day has been set apart for the consider- 
ation of the busineés of the District of Columbia; 
and I am addressing myself to the merits of the 
bill now pending before the House. 
I believe 
that remarks are in order, and I trust that the 
Chair will so rule. 
Mr. CARTER. I insist on my point of order. 
The SPEAKER tempore. As the Chair 
understands, the subject particularly under con- 
sideration at this tinne is a bill for the construction 
ofa passelper railway in the District of Colum- 
bia. The Chair is of the opinion that the remarks 
of the gentleman from Virginia are not addressed 
to the merits of that bill; 
but, on the contrary, to 
the right of one or more of the States of this 
Union to secede from the other States. The 
attention of the House, as well as that of the 
gentleman from Virginia, is directed to the con- 
cluding paragraph of House rule No. 114: 
And all debate on special orders shall bc confined 
strictly to the measure undcr consideration." 
The Chair feels at a loss to make any connec- 
tion between tho remarks of the gentleman from 
Virginia and the measure under consideration. 
As the point is now made, undcr the rule, which 
the Chair has referred to, hc is obliged to decide 
that the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia 
are not in order. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. As 1 understand the 
it proposes the construction of a 
amendment, 
railroad in the District of Colurnbia to connect with 
the system of railroads in the State of Virginia. 
Such being the case, I rise to a constitutional 
, question. Has this Congress the right to char- 
ter a company for the construction of a railroad 
within the limits and the jurisdiction of the State 
of Virginia? The consideration of that question 
at once brings up the discussion of the doctrine 
of State sovereignty, the very question which I 
. have started out with. 
Now, sir, all the States in the southern portion 
of the Confederacy, fifteen in number, claim the 
riTht to secede from the Union whenever, 
m 
their judgment, secession is best calculated 
Mr•. CARTER. 1 insist that the rules and the 
decision of the Chair shall bc cnforced. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The of 
the Chair was made upon the remarks of the gen- 
tleman from Virginia at the time he was inter- 
rupted a moment ago. 
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman from Vir- 
(Yinia be allowed to proceed, perhaps he may be 
enabled to show that his remarks are pertinent to 
thc subject under consideration, and therefore 
i strictly in order under the rules. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The Chair was 
about to say a word upon the statement of the 
ceed in order. The Chair will remind him, how- 
gentleman from Virginia that he designed pro- 
ever, that debate must, under the rules, be con- 
ceeding to show that the measure novv' pcnding 
fined to the provisions of the pending bill. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. Now, IVIr. Speaker, was unconstitutional. Ifthegentlemancanestab- 
I will proceed, and the Chair will perceive that ! 1 1ish that point by the arryument he now proposes 
to submit, his remarks will be in order. He wilk 
my remarks are order. 
I Wii}, at the proper 
point, state the conclusion resulting from the therefore proceed. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. All the, States in the 
premises which I will lay down. 
southern portion of the Confederacy—fifteen in 
Several of the other States in which the insti- 
number—claim the right to secede from the Union i 
tution of donwstic. slavery exists, and is recotr 
number—deny the existence:of any such right; 
It is a clear and distiM)t claim of right onth€orie• 
hand, and an equally eleai• and distinct denial' of 
tha& right on the other. 
It becomes, there-fore, 
question of immense and immediate importance 
to every one of the Statesp of the 
whether, in any case whatever, there exiStjsßtÅre 
right in any State peacefully to secedé fi•öhi! thiS 
Union. The -solution of flus question 
Mr. CARTER. 1 call the gentleman from 
Virginia to order. Are the remarks he is sub- 
mitting in order at this time? They are, as I 
think, not germane to the pending bill. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. 1 will come -to that 
directly. I am now coming to that point, and -I 
trust that I will be allowed to proceed without 
further interruption. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point of 
order having been made by. the chairman of the 
Committeé for the District of Columbia, that the 
remarks of the gentleman from Virginia are not 
germane to the pending bill, and therefore not in 
order, the Chair is compelled to decide that the 
remarks of the gentleman, so far as he has submiw 
ted them, are not in order. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. 1 will leave that point, 
then, and proceed to another. [Laughter.) 
peat, that It becomes a question of great Import- 
ance, at this time, to solve that question of the 
right of secession. 
Mr. STOKES. 1 desire to put a question to 
the gentleman from Virginia. Is he authorized 
to rnake the statement, here in this House, that 
Tennessee concedes the right of a State to seccdg 
from this Union ? 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. Thc gentleman 
tainly does not mean to pat that question to me, 
for I have made no such statement. 
Mr. STOKES. I understood the gentleman to 
say that fifteen southern States c7aim the right 
peacefully to secede from this • Union. 
I make 
this statement in reference to Tennessee. The 
great men, the leading men, in that State have 
spoken out, unequivocally denying that right. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. Let me ask the 
tlcman a question. Docs hc deny that right of 
peaceable secession ? 
Mr. STOKES. 1 do deny, and emphatically, 
the right of a State to secede from the Union. 
The leading statesmen of my State, of all parties, 
have denied the right. The doctrine of Jackson 's 
proclamation of 1833, upon the subject, is the 
I fully indoi•se it. Se- 
doctrine of Tcilnessec. 
cession is revolution. The right of revolution is 
inherent in the people. 
It is a right to be exer- 
cised, however, only in extreme cases, when op- 
pression is intolerable, and all constitutional and 
lawful remedies have been tried, and failed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair 
obliged to arrest the course of debate now being 
indulged in. 
It is altogether out of order. 
Mr. GROW. insist that the Chair shall not 
allow the rules of the House, and his decision, to 
be evaded as they-have been already by the gen- 
tleman from Virginia. 
Mr. DEJARNETTE. It is apparent that the 
Representatives of the southern States upon this 
side of the House have been subjected to the cruel 
operations of the gag law. 
Mr. GROW. 1 insist that the Chair shall 
enforce order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman 
from Virginia is out of order. 
Mr. GROW. Does not the rule require that a 
member, when decided out of order shall take 
I trust the Chair will enforce the rules, 
his seat? 
and not allow them to be evaded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will 
enforce tho rules. 
IMP. STOKES. 1 desire to make this re- 
mark 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. 1 decline to yield. 
1 
will now proceed with my remarks; and I will 
bring them- within the rules. 
Mr. STOKES. 1 have no disposition to pre- 
vent the gentleman from Virginia making his 
I perfectly willing that he should bc 
speech. 
I will throw no obstructions 
allowed to go on. 
I only want to put my State where 
in his way. 
I believe she stands. 
Mr. DE J ARNETT E resumed his remarks, 
judgment, secession is Lest but was interrupted by 
whenever, in their 
nized by the l)eopte, and protected bv law, are 
M r. GROYV. I rise to a point of order. 
already taking incipient steps tondin«r inevitably caiculated to remedy any evil under which they 
may labor. All the northern States—eighteen in t i sire know if the rule is not imperative, that 
towards the passage of sim ordinances of seces- 
