THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED, BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois, stated that Mr. 
MCCLERNAND was absent in consequence of sick- 
ness in his family. 
Mr. KILGORE announced that Mr. CASL was 
absent upon the business ofa committee. 
A quorum being now present, the tellers re- 
sumed their places; the question being upon sec- 
onding the demand for the previous question. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes 79, noes 52. 
So the previous question was seconded. 
The main question was tren ordered. 
Mr. JONES. I move that when the House 
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next. 
I'he motion was disagreed to. 
The amendment proposed by Mr. MCKNIGHT 
to the original bill, and that proposed by Mr. 
SICKLES to the substitute, were severally agreed 
to. 
The question recurred upon Mr. BURNETT'S 
substitute for tne original bill. 
Mr. CARTER. 1 trust that the substitute will 
not be agreed to, because it gives the control of 
the streets of this city to an outside, foreign cor- 
poration, and places them beyond the control of 
It gives it to a corporation that was 
Congress. 
incorporated by the State of Maryland in 1853, 
for a certain purpose which they have not ac- 
complished. They have done nothing, and now 
they come here and ask a monopoly of the streets 
of this District, for the purpose of raisinff money 
I think 
to build a road outside of the District. 
I ana not wed- 
the substitute ought not to pass. 
ded to any particular scheme for a railroad here. 
I have proposed the one that I have, because I 
regard it as a fair and honest provision för the 
I am opposed to giving 
people of this District. 
this franchise to any Maryland corporation. 
desire to keep the matter within the control of 
Congress, and of the citizens of the District. That 
is all have to say upon the subject. 
Mr. HUGHES. 1 wish to reily, very briefly, 
to the remarks of the gentleman from New York. 
I simply wish to meet one point which he has 
made; and that is, that the bill which he has re- 
ported is for the benefit of the people of the Dis- 
trict of Columbia. In my estimation, the people 
wiil be more benefited by the substitute offered 
by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. BURNETT] 
than by any other measure which can possibly 
be proposed. It is not for the purpose of benefit- 
a particular set of capitalists, but it is to con- 
fer on those who are not able to subscribe for 
stock the incidei)tal advantages t.o be derived from 
it by every person residing within the District 
of Columbia. The bill reported by the chairman 
of {he Committee for the District of Columbia is 
emphatically a bill to make the rich richer. The 
other bill is for the purposoof benefiting the most 
humble member of society in the District by facil- 
itatino• coxnrnunications, and thereby cheapenin(-y 
all the necessaries of life in the markets of the 
District. The one is a mere. local matter. The 
other extends far beyond that. 
The substitute does not, as the gentleman from 
New York asserts, confer privileges on a foreign 
corporation. It confers them on a corporation 
It contains an express 
chartered by Congress. 
provision, that the books shall be open for any 
one who may desire to subscribe in regard to the 
city railways alone. The benefits of the fran- 
chise, whatever they may be, whether more or 
less, inure to all the people of the District, by 
affording to them other means of communication 
It will re- 
than those which they now possess. 
dace the time for the transit of mails and passen- 
gers between the West and the Federal metrop- 
olis. It is in y firm conviction, after havinmgiven 
a good deal of time to the investigation of all the 
projects presented, that it cornbines morc advant- 
ao•es than any bill that has yet been concocted 
for a purpose of this kind. It is most carefully 
guarded in every respect. There not an indi- 
vid ual owner of property within the District whose 
interest is net guarded, either by the amendment 
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. SICKLES,] 
or through the corporate authorities of Washing- 
SATURDAY, JANUARY 12, 1861. 
ton and Georgetown, who will have the power 
of regulating ali the operations of the company 
within their respective limits. 
I will not, how, 
ever, proceed any further in my remarks, as I 
have once before discussed the question fully; 
and I believe there is a disposition now on the 
part of the House to vote on the proposition. 
The question being on Mr. BURNETT'S sub- 
stitute, Mr. SHERMAN demanded the yeas and 
nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken: and it was decided in 
the negative—yeas 68, nays 89; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bocock, 
Boteler, Bouligny, Brayton, Briggs, Brown, Burch, Burnett, 
John B. Clark, Clernens, John Cochrane, Cox, James Craiff 
Davidson, John G. Davis, 
Jarnette, Duell, Edgerton, 
Etheridge, Florence, French, Gartrell, Gilmer, Hall, Harde- 
inan. John Harris, Hill, Holtnan, Houston, William 
Howard, Ilughcs, Jones, Larrabec, Jtunes M. Leach, 
Leake, Logan, Mallory, Marston, Charles D. Martin, Elbert 
S. Martin, McKenty, McPherson, Millson, Niblack, Nixon, 
Noell, Peyton, Quarles, Riggs, Robinson, Ruf- 
tin, Sickles, Simms, Singleton, William Stnith, Stanton, 
Stout, Taylor; 'I'hayer, Train, Vance, VVebster, Wilson, 
and Winslow—68. 
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad- 
rain, Aldrich, iVilliam C. Anderson, Babbitt, Bristow, But- 
fintou, Burlingtunc, Burnham, Butterfield, Campbell, Ca- 
rey, Carter, Cobh, Coburn, Colfa.x, Covodc, Dawes, I)unn, 
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, 
Frank, Gooch, GröiV, Gurley, üaskin, Hatton, Helmick, 
Ilickman, Hoard, William A. Howard, Humphrey, Hutch- 
Will Uun Kellogg, 
ins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kcllogc, 
Kenyon, Kilgore, C. Leach, Longnecker, Loomis, 
Lovejoy, Maynard, McKnight, Montgomery, Morrill, Ed- 
ward Joy Morris, Morse, Nelson, (jlin. Palmer, 
Perry, 
Pettit, Porter, Pottlc, Edwin R. Reynolds, John H. Rey- 
nolds, Royce, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spaulding, 
Spinner, Stcvcns, William Stewart, Stokes, Stratton, erap- 
pan, 'Itheaker, Tornpkins, 'l'rimblc, Vandevcr, Van Wyelc, 
Verree, Wade, Watdron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Wash- 
burn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wells, Windo:n, and Wood— 
89. 
So the substitute was rejccted. 
The question recurred on ordering the bill to 
be enorosscd and read a third time. 
rvlr. BURNET'T. 1 move to lay the bill on 
tho table; and on that I call for the yeas und nays, 
and for tellers on tho yeas and nays. 
Tellers were not ordered; and 1110 yeas and 
nays \verc not. ordered. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 withdraw motion to 
lay on the table, and move that the House do now 
v r he motion was not agreed to. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 now move to lay the bill 
. on the table; and I hope gentlemen will give us 
the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays •were ordered. 
T hc question was taken; and it was decided in 
the negative—ycas 53, nays 102; as follows: 
VEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Bocock, Bouligny, Branch, 
Brown, nufliaton, Burch, Burnett, John 
Brayton, Briggs 
B. Clark, John Cochrane, James Craig, John G. Davis, 
De Jarnette, Fenton, French, Gartre}l, Giltner, Ilardcman, 
John T. Harris. I-lollnan, Houston, Hughes, Jones, Larra- 
bee, James M.' Leach, Leake, Logan. Marston, Millson, 
Montgolnery, Niblaek, Noell, Peyton, 
Rufiin, Sickles, Simms, Singleton, 
II. Reynolds, Riggs 
William Smith, William N. IL Smith, "I'aylor, T01npkins, 
Train, Vance, Webster, Whiteley, Wilson, and Wins- 
NAYS—Mcssrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adarns, Ad- 
rain, Alrich, Alley, William C. Anderson, Blair, Blake, 
Bristow, Burl ingame, Burnham, Butterfield, 
Boteler, 
Campbell, Carey, Carter, Ciemcns, Cobb, Coburn, Colfax, 
, Covodc, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn Edgerton, 
Edwards, Eliot, Ebr, Etheridge, Farnsworth, erry, Flor- 
ence, Foster, Frank, Goocll, Gurley, I-latton, Ilelmick, 
Hickrnau, Hoard, William Howard, Willi:nn A. Howard, 
Hmnphrey, 11 utchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, 
Kcnyon, Kilgore, DeWitt C. Leach, Longnecker, Loornis, 
Lovejoy, M:illory, Charles I), Martin, Elbert S. Martin, 
Maynard, McKean. McKenty, McKnight, McPherson, La- 
ban rl'. Nloore, -Moorhead, Alorrü}, Edward Jov Morris, 
Morse, Nelsou, Nixon. Olin, Pahner, Pettit, Pot.t.}e, Edwin 
R. Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Seran- 
NEW SERIES.....NO.21-. 
Mr. MAYNARD (when his name was called) 
said: I have always hitherto voted against the 
proposition to establish railröads in the city 
Washington but believing that the peop16 of the 
city themselves desire it, and-as it is a matter of 
urely local convenience, i yield my convictions. 
vote no." 
The vote was announced as above reeorded'. 
Mr. GROW. rise to a privilgcd question. I 
move to reconsider the vote whereby the main 
question was ordercd„ in order that I may offer 
an amendment reserving to Congress the right 
to alter, change, repeal, and annul "this act. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object to that; for 1 am 
opposed to this whole bill. 
It is an enormity 
and outrage on legislation, in my judgment; and 
I cannot accept it, even with the amendment of 
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, which wQuld, 
I confess, hel the bill very much. 
Mr. BRIG&S. I move to recommit this bill to 
the Committee for the District of Columbia. 
The SPEAKER pro timpore. The motion is 
not in order, as the previous question is oper- 
ating. 
Mr. SICKLES. ask the attention 
league, the chairman of the Committee for the 
District of Columbia, to an amendment which I 
It is the sarne as was incor- 
ask him to accept. 
poratcd into the substitute offered by the gentle- 
man from Kentucky. 
The amendment was read, as follows: 
Insert the following proviso : 
Provided, That bettjre any such railway tracks are Ifiid 
down in the streets of the cities aforesaid, the nssent-of.the 
corporate authorities thereof respectively, and of a major- 
ity of the owners of land fronting on said aforesaid, 
shall be first obtained. 
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the gentleman to accept 
this amendment. 
Mr. CARTER. I will accept that amendment, 
provided the amendment of the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania [IMI'. Gnow] be also accepted. 
Mr. SICKLES. Why, my amendment stands 
on its own merits. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 wish to know of chair- 
man of the CommiLtce for the District of Colum- 
bia, who reported this bill, whether it makes the 
charter perpetual, or whether therc is any limita- 
tion to it? 
Mr. CARTER. The charter appears to be 
perpetual. 
Mr. STANTON. well, a perpetual charter, 
without power to amend, is going rather further 
than I think we ought to go. 
Mr. CAR'EER. The amendment suggested by 
the gentleman from Pennsylvania obviates that 
difficulty. 
Mr. BURNETT. With the indulgence of the 
House, I desire to say one word. 
Mr. SICKLES. Do 1 understand my colleague 
to accept my amendment? 
Mr. CARTER. J accept it. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 hope the bill will be recom- 
mitted to the Committee for the District of Col- 
i umbia. 
Mr. BURNETT, hope the gentleman will 
permit me to say onc word. This bill is a per- 
pelual charter to an irresponsible company, with- 
out referenc.c to the authority of the corporations 
of Washington and Georgetown, or either of 
It is a perpetual charter bestowed upon 
them. 
this company without any controlling influence 
in either of those corporations, and without any 
provision by which Congress may change, alter, 
modify, and amend it. 
I The SPEA KER pro tempore. Discussion is not 
in order. T hc question before the House is on 
the encrrossrncnt and third reading of the bill. 
Mr. SH ERMA N. Is a motion to recommit 
ton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, 
Tl'appan, the bili to the Committee for the District of Col- 
Stevens, - Williatn Stewart, Stokes, Stratton, 
'_l'hay•er, 'Pheakcr, Trimble, Vandcver, Van VVvek, I'Vade, umbia in order ? 
It is not. The 
VValdron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburd, Eilihu B. 
The. SPEAKER tempore. 
Washburnc, wells, VVind0'n, and Wood—102. 
House is now acting on the bill under the opem- 
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table. 
tion of the previous question. 
Mr. BURNETT. i ask the unanimous can, 
During the roll call, 
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, stated that Mr. sent of the House for leave to move that this bill 
I LEE was detained from the sessions of the House be recommitted to the Committee for the Dis. 
trict of Columbia. trust that there will be nq 
by illness in, his family. 
