1861. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
423 
give us a day, we certainly will bc very much laid on the -table. 
It is irnportant that the % bill 
I will ask for a day, and I hope should have due consideration, which it cannot 
obliged to them. 
the gentleman will aid me in getting it. 
The bill was thcn recommitted to the Commit- 
tec for the District of Columbia. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 move to reconsider the 
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and also 
move to lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
GUARDiAN SOCIETY—AGAIN. 
Mr. CARTER. I now call up the bill reported 
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of 
the Union. 
The bill was takcn up by unanimous consent. 
The question was put upon the amendment 
recommended by the committee; and the amend- 
ment was agreed to. 
The question then recurred upon the encross- 
ment and third reading of tfe bill. 
Mr. CARTER called the previous question. 
Mr. SIMMS. If the previous question is sus- 
tained, will it prevent me from offering an amend- 
ment to the bill? 
The SPEAKER. It will. 
Mr. SIMMS. I have no doubt that one or two 
points have escaped the attention of the commit- 
I think, if the Congress of the United States 
tee. 
passes this bill, it will commit an act of greater 
injustice and wrong than has ever been perpe- 
trated bv any act Congress has ever passed. 
A What is it? 
Mr. SIMMS. This bill, as 1 understand it, 
embraces three propositions: first, it proposes to 
create a society to be called the Guardian Society; 
second, this society has the power to erect a house 
of refuge; third, they have the right to admit into 
this house of refuge any person not over eighteen 
years of age, who has been convicted of any crime 
not punishable with death, or with confinement 
in the penitentiary for life; nnd then another sec- 
tion of the bill gives to these trustees thc right to 
takc the children of the poor, whose parents have 
failed to provide for them, or who have abandoned 
thetn, into this same institution; and these chil- 
(Iren, whose only offense or misfortune is that 
of being poor, and being abandoned by their 
parents, are to be raised up in association with 
convicts, vagabonds, and thieves. The gentleman 
from New York proposes to do this in the name 
of Christian charity. The fatherless child, by 
the provisions of this bill, from its very infancy, 
is to be associated with infamy; its first ideas arc 
thus to be formed; its first morals established. 
To be poor may be a misfortune; it is nota crime. 
Sir, I hope never to see the American Congress 
offer this insult, this wrong, to the honest poor. 
Give to them in kindness, but poison not the bread 
of charity with disgrace; let them not pay for it 
at so dear a price as an association with guilt and 
in fanny. 
Mr. McKNIGHT. Wherein are. they to be 
raised up in any better way, if they are not sent 
to this house of refuge? Do not *they associate 
with those abandoned individuals, and grow up 
to bc abandoned themselves? If they were sent 
to this house of reform and refuge, they would bo 
brought up in the ways of honesty and probity. 
Mr. GROW. 1 would like to have the 
read, and then we can all understand it. 
Mr. SIMMS. Allow me to answer the gentle- 
man 's inqun•y, and then I will yield for that pur- 
pose. 
It the first place, I think, if this Government 
intends or desires to establish an institution for the 
benefit and protection of poor children, they can, 
certainly, in that act of generosity, avoid asso- 
ciating them with the criminals of the country. 
It is proper to place those young men in a place 
where they may be reformed; but it is not ncccs- 
sary, in doing that, to associate the children of 
the poor of this District with them. 
Mr. McKNlGHT. such is the custom in all 
houses of refuge of nearly all the States of this 
Union. Certainly it is in my own State. 1 hap- 
pen to be a director in one of those institutions, 
and I know something about it. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 call for the reading of the 
Mr. JONES. Wiil it be in order to move to 
lay the bill on the table ? 
The SPEAKER. It will. 
Mr. JONES. I submit that motion. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 trust this bill will not be 
have at this hour of the day; and therefore I 
movc that thc House adjourn. 
Mr. A DRAIN. I have a motion which will 
take precedence of that. I move tha't when the 
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn until Monday 
next. [Cries of .No " No ! ' ' all over the 
House. 
Mr. DRAIN. As 1 there is a general 
opposition to my motion, I withdraw it. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. Before the motion to 
adjourn is put, I desire to make an appeal to the 
courtesy of the House. When i was interrupted 
this morning, and ruled outof order by thc Chair, 
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] moved that 
I have leave to print the remainderof my speech. 
I did not then insist upon the motion, for the rea- 
son that I supposed I could withdraw that portion 
of my speech which I had delivered. I find now 
that it impossible to do that; and that those 
remarks will go, in their mutilated form, upon the 
therefore ask the 
offcial record of the House. 
permission of the House to print the remainder 
of the speech. 
Permission was granted. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. Mr. Speaker, on the 
20th day of December, 1860, the pcoplc of Sout.h 
Carolina, by unanimous consent, passed thc fol- 
lowing ordinance of secession: 
Ordinance to dissolve the Union between the State of 
South Carolina and the othcr Statcs united with hcr, un- 
dcr thc compact entitled The Constitution of tbc United 
Stat.cs of Jlmcrica. 
We, tho people of South Carolina, in convention as- 
sembled, do dcelare and or(lain, and it is hereby declared 
and ordained, that the ordinance adopted in convention, on 
the 23d day of May, in the year of our Lord 1788, whereby 
the of the United States of Arnerica was rat- 
itied ; and also all acts and parts of acts of thc General As- 
senibly of this State ratit•ying mnendlnent of' the 
Constitution, are hereby repealc(l ; and that the Union 
subsisting between Sou{h Carolina and the other tate.s 
underthe n.une of United States of Alnerica,ix lereby 
dissolved. 
Several of the other States in which the Institu- 
tion of domestic slavery exists and is recognized 
by thic people, and protected by law, are already 
taking slcps tending inevitably towards 
the passage of similur ordinat')cos of cecession; 
and a majority, a large majority, of the people of 
each and all of those States entertain the opinion, 
with the utmost confidence, that they have the 
right so to do. It is probable that a majority of 
the people of the other or States 
All the States in the 
deny that this right exists. 
southern portion of the Confederacy—fifteen in 
number—claim the rioht to secede from the Union 
whenever, in their judgment, secession is best 
calculated to remedy any evil under which they 
may bc laboring. All the nort_hern States, eigh- 
teen in number, deny the existence of such a 
It is a clear and distinct claim of a right 
on the one hand, and an equally clear and dis- 
tinct denial of that right on the other hand. 
It becomes, therefore, a question of immense 
and immediate importance. Have the States of 
this Union, for any cause whatever, the right 
peacefully to secede from the Union? On the so- 
lution of this question may perhaps depend the 
future peace and prosperity of the people of this 
country, or the shedding of fratricidal blood in the 
fiercest civil war thatever cursed ourearth. Thosc 
who deny the right of secession say that seces- 
Sion is but another name for revolution; and that 
revolution is treason, depending on its success, or 
want of success, as to whether it will be justified 
or condmnned by the civilized world. If such 
sentiments as these prevail with the people of thc 
North, and the party which is about to grasp the 
reins of government attempts to act upon thorn, 
the practical results will be the same in secession 
as in revolut.ion. No matter how clear thc right 
to secede peaceably may be in itself, if that right 
is denied by those who control the affairs of the 
Federal Government, the attempt to secede on the 
one hand, however peacefUlly it may be made, and 
tion, then war ensues. Precisely so, if ghe right 
to secede is not Conceded by thosc'in authörity 
in the Government, and they attempt fofcil*y- to 
prevent a State from seceding, to coefée back 
Into the Union a State that has -exercised the 
right peacefully to dissolve her connectiöh therot, 
In the one case as in the other, .blöOdy 
•,vith. 
strife wilt ensue. The right to secede, thei•efore? 
to be of practical importance, must be recögni#éa 
and conceded by those who have control of the 
Federal Government. This right of secession häS 
long been an acknowledged article in the faith of 
one of the great political parties into which the 
peoplc of this country have been divided; •and it 
is passing strange that any man who ever called 
himself a Democrat should fora moment qtiestiön 
the existence of this right. 
The convention of the Democratic party, which 
met in 1856 in the city of Cincinngtl, and which 
put in nomination the present Chief Magistrate of 
our country, adopted the following among its res- 
olutions: 
4. 'I'hat the Democratic party will faithfully abide 'by 
and uphold the principles laid down in the Kentucky tind 
Virginia resolutions of 1798, and in the report of Mr.•-Mäd4. 
ison to the Virginia Legislature in 1799; that it adopts those 
principles as constituting onc of the znain foundations. of 
its political creed, and is resolved to carry thern out in gheir 
obvious xneaning and import." 
Upon a platform of which this was one of the 
main foundations, James Buchanan. was nomin- 
ated for President; and on that platform he was 
In accepting the nom- 
elected to that high office. 
ination, he emphatically indorsed the platform 
and thereby pledged himself to carry faithfully 
into execut.ion its principles, in the event of hie 
clection. The first resolution in t.he series passed 
by the Legislature of Kentucky, on the 10th day 
of November, 1798, so emphatically adopted by 
the Cincinnati convention, and so cordially in- 
dorsed by its candidate, reads as follows: 
l. Resolved, That the scveral States composing the 
United States of A:ncrica are not united on the principle 
of unlitnited sublllission to their General Government; but 
that. by cornpact under the style and title of a Constitution 
for [he United States and a:ncndments thereto, they con- 
stitute a General Government for special purpose, dele- 
gated to t.be Governtncnt certain dcfincd powers, reserving 
éach State to itself the residuary rnass of right to their own 
selfigovermnent; and that whencver thc General Govern- 
rnent assumcs undelcgated powers, its acts are unauthori- 
tative, void, and of no efiöct; that to tbi9 eompaet each 
State acceded as a State, and is an integral party ; that this 
Governn•jent created by this eoznpact was not made the 
exclusivc or final judge of the extent of the powers dclc- 
and 110t the Constitution, the Inoasure of its powers; but 
that., as in all other cases of compact between parties hav- 
ing no emnraon judue, dac•l' party has an equal right to 
judgc for itself as well of infractions as of the mode and 
tnanner of redress." 
Now, this is the doctrine adopted by the Dem- 
ocratie party in 1856 as constituting one of tho 
main foundations of its political creed. This is 
the doctrine which that party resolved to carry 
out in its obvious meaning and import. To carry 
out this doctrine, that party nominated and elected 
James Buchanan; and he pledged himself to carry 
out tbc doctrine of thc party. That this resolu- 
tion contains a clear and distinct enunciation of 
the right of secession scarcely admits ofa doubt; 
for it unequivocally recognizes the principle that 
the Constitution is a compact between the States, 
and that each, as a party to that compact, has an 
equal right with each other State, the •same as in 
any other case of compact between parties, to 
judge for itself, as well of infractions as of 'the 
mode and Incasure of redress. And it is a well es- 
tablished principlc of common law that where one 
of several parties to a compact infracts or violates 
tho stipulations of that compact, all the other 
partieg are, relieved from obligation to it, and 
may, if they choose, treat it as null and void. 
The several coequal State sovereignties of North 
America enter into a compact with each other— 
a compact that is equally binding upon all. In 
process of time some of the clearly-expressed 
provisions of that compact are set at naught, dis- 
regarded, and trampled under foot by some of the 
the attempt on the other hand by forcible rncans contracting parties. The States who are injured 
to prevent the secession, wilk Inake war the inevit- by this violation of the compact (cach for itself) 
It is agreed on all hands that I have the right to judge as well of infractions (of 
able consequence, 
! the southern States, if their grievances are suff- the fact that there have been infractions, and Of 
the nature and extent of those infractions) as 
ciently great to justify it, have the right, like the 
of the mode and measure of redress. If one State 
fathers of our kepublic, to revolution. Revolu- 
tion does not necessarily imply war; there might judges that the compact has been materially and 
be a peaceable revolution. But, if an attempt is grievously infracted, and that her mode and meas- 
made by coercive measures to suppress a revolu- ure of redress shall be to treat the whole compact 
