324 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 10, 
as having been •Tendered null and void by such ton, 3 Dallas's Reports, page 199. Ih rendering 
infraction, and thus take hers61f out of the Union, the opinion of the court, Judge Chase says: 
she has o perfect right to do so; at the same time 
consider the Declaration of Independence as a dec- 
that another State With equal t, dcterm- laration, not that the united colonies jointly, in a collective 
ine, as her mode of redress, to contend for her 
capacity, Wcré independent States, but that each of them 
was an independent State." 
rights in the Union. 
This is the leading principle of the Kentucky 
That is, that each of them had a right to gov- 
resolutions of 1798, adopted by the Democratic itself by its own authority, and its own laws, 
cop+ention in Cincinnati; in 1856, ond the cor- 
without any control from any other power on 
diÄl'support of whiCh the Whole party; with JameS earth' 
Buchanan ad its head, stand -pledged before the 
This, then, is the truc character of the Decla- 
world.' Both of the win$ of that party, in the 
ration of Independence. 
It asserts tho separate 
late- Presidentiak)ontest, also stood pledged to this and individual independence, freedom, and sover- 
doctritie; not. ohly by the fact that bot h, as one eignty of each of the thirteen States. 
It was in 
party, supported Mr. Buchanan in 1856 with this ii SUPP01't Of this declaration that they fought the 
platform, but likewise and especially for the rea- fierce battles of the Revolution; and in this con- 
sen that both conventions—that which put in flict they were successful—gained the very point 
nöm,ination Judge Douglas, as well as that which asserted in the declaration, to wit: 
the separate 
supported Major Breckinridge—readopted and sovereignty of each State; for the treaty of peace 
between Great Britain and the United States, rati- 
reaffrmed the Cincinnati platform. 
It ought, 
fied in the year 1784, distinctly recoo nized the sov- 
therefore, to be a matter of profound astonish- 
creignty of each of the States by name. 
ment that any man who calls himself a Democrat, 
'.vhether occupy•no• a high or n low position in 
3. Previous to the ratification of this treaty, 
the party, should now deny the existence of the 
however—to wit: on the 9th day of July, in tho 
right of States to secede, whcnever, in their opin- Y car 1778, and only two years after the Declara- 
ion, the compact has been violated so as to con- 
ti0i'1 of Independence—the several States, in Con- 
stitute just cause, and that secession is the proper 
gress assembled, adopted Articles of Confedera- 
'6 mode and measure of redress.' 
tion and Perpetual Union. The very idea of a 
Is tbc (lei') ial 
of that right carrying out the Kentucky resolu- 
confederation implies not only tho previous sov- 
tions"in theirobviousmeaningandimport?" But 
ereignty of the contederate parties, but their con- 
thistis a. question Df too transcendent interest, and 
tinned sovereignty also; for the same soverei(rn 
involVes too much of weal or woe to the people 
power necessary in the formation of such a com- 
of,thiÅcountry, 10 be decided by any mere party 
pact is also essential to its preservation. But we 
test. Does the right really exist? May a State, 
. have no need to rely on rnere inference; for the 
believing -that the principles of the Compact have 
first two articles of that document read as fol- 
been violated and hor rigl')ts invaded, peacefully 
lows: 
separate herself from the Federal Union. 
ART. 1. The style of this Confederacy shall be the Uni- 
ted States of A:nerica. 
any attempt to coerce such a State will be wholly I 
ART. 2. Each State retains its sovereignty, freedom, 
without x.van•ant, and will place those makino• 
and independence, and every power, jurisdiction, and right 
such an attempt clearly in tho wrong. 
which. is not, by this Cont@dcration, expressly delegated to 
In order to a proper solution of this question, 
thc United States in Congress assenlbled." 
the history of the foundation of this Government, 
"I"here was in these articles no surrender of sov- 
as woll as the nntecedent history of the States, 
or il'ldeiocndence. The cen- 
must bc carefully studied. A few of tile rnost 
tral Government was Inerely an aoency estab- 
prominent of that history will constitute 
lished for the purpose of protecting the equal and 
data from which '.ve rnay at this tin)e derive con- 
com rnon righ ts of the several rnembers of the Con- 
elusions of vast moment. 
federacy. definite powers were delegated 
l. The colonics which, after their sep- 
to it; every other power, jurisdiction, and right, 
apation from Great Britain, united together in the 
was expressly reserved to the States. The entire 
forniution of this Govern mcnt, wo re 
previous to 
language of that instrument, 
in all its parts, car- 
that separation us colonial (lcpendencics of Great, 
vies indubitahlc evidence of the continued, inde- 
Britain, wholly separate and independent pendent, separate goverei0"'1ty of each of [hc COD- 
of each other. Their relationship to a cornrnon 
federate Stales. 
so-Verewn he4d was the only tie which, 
in uny Tho Constitution under wh ich oar presen t Gen- 
politicaä respect, bound them to each ot.her. As Government claims its existence comes next 
The State-rights, Democratic, or Jeffersonian 
Republicans have always contended, 
l. That at the time of the adoption of the Con- 
stitution, the States, were severally free, inde- 
pendent, and sovereign. 
2. 'I'hat thc present Union is the result ofa con- 
stitutional compact, to which each State; as an 
independent sovereignty, acceded. 
3. And that, as a consequence legitimately de- 
ducible from these premises, each State may, in 
the exercise of the same independent sovereignty, 
secede from the Union. Hence, the convention 
of South Carolina, in 1852, by a vote of 136 to 
19, passed the following ordinance: 
That South Carolina, in the exercise of her sovereign 
will as an independent State, acceded to the Federal Union, 
known as the United States of America, and that, in the 
exercise of her sovereign will, it is her right, without let 
hindrance or molestation from any power whatever, to 
secede from the said Federal Union ; aud Cor the suffciency 
of the causes which may ilnpei her to such separation, she 
is responsible alone, under God, to the tribunal ot' public 
opinion among the nations of the earth." 
Mr. Calhoun holds the following language in 
relation to this subject: 
That a State, as a party to the constitutional compact, 
has t.hc right to secede, acting in the same capacity in which 
ratified the Constitution as a cognpact. 
li' a power 
radically change the character of the Constitution or the 
nature ot' the system, or if the former should fail to fulfill 
the ends of which it was established. 'l'his results neces- 
sariiy fronl the nature of a compact, when the partics to it 
are sovereign, and, of course, have no higher authority to 
which they Inay appeal. That the effect of secession would 
be to place her in the relation of a foreiøn State to the 
others, is equally clear. Nor is it less RO that it would 
Inal.re (not her citizens individually) responsible to them 
in that character. All this results necessarily from the 
nature of a compact between sovereign parties." 
Is not this correct reasoning? If the premises 
are true, how can the conclusions bc avoided. The 
Federal party in the United States Senate in 1833, 
under the leadership of Daniel Webster, con- 
ceded the correctness of this reasoning and the 
legitimacy of these conclusions, and joined issue 
upon the matters of fact involved. 
Mr. Webster says: 
It; in adopting the Constitution, nothing was done but 
acceding to a cmnpact, nothing would seen) necessary in 
order to break it up but to seeede (i•om the satne compact." 
The whole subject of the of secession, 
therefore, turns n pon the questions: Is the Gov- 
ernn')cnt a confederation of coequal, sovereicrn 
Sta tes? 
Is the Constitution a c.ompact to which 
lhc several States in their sovereicrn capacity have 
acceded ? 
It is exceedingly difiiéult to get at the 
one time they will admit the independence and 
colonies of Great _Britain, some had been settled in order; and upon the correct understanding of , sovcreignty of the States, and at another time 
at one time and some at another; some were this instrument, guarded by the antecederlt light 
pr0vinces of another Government, brougllt under 
to which reference has been already made, must 
British dominat.ion by conquest. Thé govern- 
depend the solution of the gr'ave and momentous 
mcnts in some were provisional, in some proprie- 
question now in discussion before the American 
tary-, and in some established by charter. They people 
It is contended on onc hand that I his 
were, tl)crctbrc, essentially distinct and separate Constitution is an organic act, consolidating into 
from each other, exhibiting no clemcnts of one- 
one Govcrn:ncnt all the people of' this country; 
nesg. 
constituting a General Government—over indi- 
2. On the 4th day of July, 1776, these several viduals of limited powers, it is true, yet absolute, 
separate and distinct colonics of' Great in supremo, and unending, in relation to all matters 
Congress a,'ßernbled in the city of Philadelphia, 
conceded to it 
—and that no State can separato 
united in a common Declaration of Independence, 
from the Union except by or rebellion . 
in which they declared, not that the people of , It is contended on the other hand that our present 
either in their individual capacity I Union, though more pcrföct than under the Arti- 
ot in the agffre(yate, were free and independent of cles of Confederation, is of' the gcneral char- 
Gredt Britain, but that these united colonies are, ! actor—strictly a confederati01'i of c.ocqual sover- 
and of right ought to be, frec and iudependent eig\'1S and independent States; a Union, it is true 
States: not only free from Great Britain, but free but not a union of individuals. 
It wras, and is, 
from. each other; not only independent of Great i strictly and truly, a union—or confederation— 
Britain, but independent of each other. That this of States. The Constitution is a compact be- 
is: the true Intent and meaning of that document 
t xveon those States, acceded to by each, and from 
is clearly evident from another clause, in which 
which 8 ny State 'nay socede when the provisions 
it is said: 
of that compact have been violated by the other 
And as free and independent States, they have full States. The former of' these opinions was enter- 
power to levy war, conclude peace, contract alliances, taincd and defended by the old consolidationists, 
establish commerce, and to do all other acts and things 
who, in the early years of this Republic, by a 
which independent States may of right do." 
deny the sarnc. At one time they admit the Con- 
stitution to be a ccnnpact•, at another time they 
deny it. 
Judge Story, one of the ablest and most dis- 
tinguished of the Federal writers, in his elaborate 
work on the Constitution, though he strives to 
write with great caution and wariness, is not free 
from such contradictions and incongruities. 
In 
a note to 362, he quotes solne very disin- 
genuous remarks from the opinion of the Su preme 
Court in the casc of McCullock vs. Maryland, 
in relation to the fact that the Constitution was 
finally ratified by con ven tions of the several States. 
He says: 
They acted upon it in the only rnanncr in which they 
can act safely, efiöctively, and wisely on such a subject, 
by assembling in couvention. It ts true that they asscm- 
blGd In their several States ; and where else should they 
have asseinbled? No political (Iremncr was ever wild 
enough to think of breaking down the lines which separate 
tho St.atcs, and of compounding the Arnerican people iu 
one coinmon mass." 
This was an unfair, unjust, and incorrect rep- 
resentation of the position of his opponents. 
It 
is not because the conventions assembled in the 
several States, but because those conventions were 
the delegated assemblies of the States, that this 
st,ranøe perversion of names, were called Feder- fact presents an armament in conflict with the 
Thus each State is declared to be free and in 
Federal or consolidation theory. But Judge Story 
- alisls; and the other opinion urns maiNtaincd by 
dependent alike of Great Britain and of other 
theanti-Federalists, or Rcpublicans. John Adams 
says: 
Powers; and each is entitled to exorcise ali the and Alexander Hamilton were arnong the most 
No political dreamcr was ever wild enough to think of 
powers and prerogatives of sovereignty. It was i i pronunent of the Federal school; and rl'hornas 
breaking down the lines which separate the States, and 
for the support of this declaration, that, with n Jefferson and Jarncs Madison were among the 
of cmnpoundiug the Ainerican people into one common 
firm reliance on the protection of I)ivine Provi- 
most distinguished representatives of the Repub- 
II Yet, on the very next page, he quotes from 
dence, oar ancestors mutually pledged to each lican faith. 
In more modern times Chief Justicb Mr. Webster's speeches, Introducing the quota- 
other their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred Story and Daniel Webster 
have been distin- 
tion as follows: 
honor. That this is the true light in which to guished advocates of the Federal school; and John 
view the Declaration of Independence, has been C. Calhoun has ,excplfed in the advocacy of Jef- 
f " The doctrine that the States are parties is a gratuitous 
assumption ; in the language of a most distinguished states. 
judieially decided, in the case of W arc vs. Hyl- fersonian Republicanism. 
*han, Mr. VVeb*ter, 'The Constitution itself, in its very 
