1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
1325 
front, refutes that.' It declares that it is ordained and es- 
tablished by the people of the.United States. So fat from 
saying that it was established by the governmcnts of tbc 
several States, it does not even say that it was established 
by the people of the several States. But it pronounces that, 
it is established by the people of the United States, in the 
aggregate." 
Now, is not this, so' far as cvcry practical pur- 
pose is involved, literally compounding the 
American people into one common mass?" Does 
not Judge Story show himself and Mr. S'Vebster 
to be "political dreamers of the wildestcharacter: 
But, in very truth, are not these distinguished 
gentlemen entirely mistaken? The Constitution 
does not say " in its very front," or anywhere 
else, that it was ordained and established by the 
people of the United States in the aggiegatc, any 
more than it says it. was done by the people of the 
several States act.int-y severally. The Constitu- 
ti01'i itself, m its very front, pronounces neither 
way, but simply that it was ordained and estab- 
lished by the people of the United States." The 
in its very front," 
truth of history, however, 
pronounces that it was done by the people of the 
States severally, and not in the aggregate. The 
doctrine that the States are parties, is what Judge 
Story here pronounces to be a gratuitous assump- 
tion; yet, in page 360, he thus introduces u quo- 
tation from the Fedcratist: 
Tt was truly reinarked by the Federalist, that the Con- 
stitution was the result, neither from a desire of a majority 
of the people of the United States, nor from that ot• a Ina- 
It resulted froin thc unanirnous assent 
jority 01' the States. 
of the several States that are parties to it." 
If the States are parties" to the Constitution, 
how can the doctrine that the States are parties 
bc a " gratuitous assumption 
In the celebrated 
debate in the United States Senate, in 1833, Mr. 
Webster, in emphatic and almost indignant terms, 
repudiates the phrase, " constitutional compact, " 
which Mr. Calhoun had employed in his resolu- 
tions, declaring that " the word compact was not a 
constitutional mode of expression." Yet, in his 
great speech in reply to Hayne, delivercd in the 
United States Senate on tho 20th day of June, 
1830—1ess than a vear previous to this debate— 
in allusion to the basis of repre- 
Mr. WebstQt•, 
sentation in the slave States, says: 
Nevertheless, I do not complain, nor would I counte- 
nance any movement to alter this arrangcment of repre- 
It is the original bargain to the compact; let it 
sen tütion. 
stand ; let the aclvantagps of it be fully enjoyed. 'Tbc Union 
itself is too full of ben"efits to be hazarded in propositions 
I go ror the Constitution as 
for changinø its original basis. 
it is; and thc Union as it is; but I arn resolved not to 
submit in silence to accusations cither against myselt• in- 
dividually or against the North—wholly untöunded and un- 
just ; accusations which impute to us disposition to evade 
the constitutional cotnpacts, an(l to extend the, powers of 
the Govermnent over the internal laws and dotnestic con- 
dition of the States." 
It is here apparent that Mr. Webster himself, 
when not displaying the wariness of the skillful 
debater, could talk as freely of the " constitutional 
cornpact " as any one else. And if Mr. Webster 
and Judge Story, thc two greatest lights of the 
Federal school, are thus inconm•uous and contra- 
dictory in their staternents and reasonings, 'vvhat 
must be thought of the causc which leads them 
into such confusion ? 
In the late message of the President of the Uni- 
ted States, addressed to the two Houses of Con- 
gress, in speaking of the right of secession, the 
President says: 
Such a principle is wholly inconsistent with the his- 
tory as wcll as the character of' the Federal Constitution. 
After it was t'ramed, with thc greatest deliberation and care, 
it was to conventions of the people of the sev- 
its provisions were discussed 
era} States {'or ratification. 
at length in these bodies, c.mnposed of thc first men of the 
country. its opponents contended that it conferred powers 
upon the Federal Govcrntnent dangerous to the rights of 
the States ; while its advocates niaintained that under a 
fair construction of the instrument thcre was no founda- 
In that Inighty strug«le be- 
tion such apprehensiorns. 
tween the first intellects 01' this or any other country, It 
never occurred to ariY individual, either mnong its oppo- 
nents or advocates, to assert, or even to intimate, that their 
efforts were alt vain labor, because the rnoment that auy• 
State tölt herself aggrieved she might secede frotn the 
Union ! Whata etushing armument would this have proved 
against those who dreaded that the rights or the States 
would be endangered by the Constitution! The truth is, 
that it was not until years arter the ori"in of the 
Federal Governknent that such a proposition was first 
advanced." 
This is going back to the proper source of in- 
forn-uation on the subject. But is the P resident 
Is it true, that the States, in establish- 
correct ? 
ing a General Government, with specific powers 
accuratelv defined in the constitutional compact, 
really understood at the time, that they never 
could revoke the act by which they ratified the 
Constitution, nor resume the powers which by 
that instrument they had detegated to the Gene- 
ral Government, no matter how much those del- 
egatcd posvers might be perverted to their injury, 
nor to what extent some ot the members of the 
Confederacy might violate the clearly expressed 
provisions of the compact? If such was the un- 
derstanding, it can doubtless be determined by 
reference to the history of the times. The States 
of Massachusetts and New Hampshire, in the 
acts by which they ratified the Constitution, used 
the following language: 
G' Acknowledging with grateful hearts the goodness of the 
Supreme RuleÖof the Universe, in affording the people of 
the United States, in the course of providencc an opportu- 
nity, deliberately and peacefully, without l'raud or surprise, 
of entering into an explicit and solemn cotnpact with each 
other, by assentinw to und ratifying a new Constitution," 
And then proceeds, on behalf of those States, 
to assent to and ratify the Constitution. 
This clearly establishes the fact, that these two 
States regarded the Constitution as a compact, 
acccded to, or assented to, by the States as sov- 
creieyn contracting parties. 
Virginia, in ratifying, said: 
Do, in the name and in behalf of the poopie of Virginia, 
declare and tnake known, that the powers granted under 
the Constitution, being derived from the people or the Uni- 
ted States, be resuuned by thetn whcncvcr the same, shall 
be perverted to their injury or oppression; and that. every 
power, not granted thereby, reinains with them at their 
New York said: 
'Ebat the powers of the General Government may be 
assurncd by the people whenever it shall becmne nece•ary 
to their happiness ; that every power, jurisdiction, and right 
".'ålich is not, by the said Constitution, clearly delegated to 
the. Congress or the Unit.cd States, or ta the departments 
of thc Governntent thereof, ronlains to tho people n? the 
several States, or to their respective State goverrunents, to 
whorn they may have granted the sanne." 
Rhode Island also declared: 
That tbe posvers of the Government may be resumed 
by the people when necessary to their happiness; and that 
ali rights not delegated to Congress by this instrument (t.he 
II Constitution of the Unitcd States) reinain to the people of 
the several States, or their State. aovennnents." 
It must bc entirely apparent now. that the Pres- 
ident is laborin«y under a mistake as to thc facts 
It is not true that it was many years 
of the case. 
after the oricrin of the Federal Government, be- 
forc such a proposition was advanced as that. 
The people of the several States who had dele- 
gated thcse powers to the Gcnet•ai Government 
might, for good cause, resume them an•zun. Two 
of the States, in adopting the Constitution, em- 
ploy languaue which clearly implies this right; 
and three other States distinctly afiirm the right. 
In the convention of New York a proposition 
was submitted, that they ratify the Constitution 
for a peri040f ten years, at which time they might 
revoke their ratification of it if they chose. This 
proposition was voted down, and the one just 
quoted was adopted, by which that Stutc claimed 
the right to do so " whenever it shall become ne- 
cessary for their happiness," wit.hout any limita- 
tion of time. Surely these are facts which ought 
for ever to Settle this question. 
In view of them, 
who can doubt, at least that those who framed 
this Government, believed that the people of the 
several States might resume the powers which 
they had confided- to the Federal Governn)ent., 
whenever it would be LO their interest to do so, 
at least, whenever—to use the languacre of' I 
the States o? the North. Should it be, 
Patues, 
ion essential to the dvnnestic security-anci liapbihässöf' khe 
remainder. 
In that event, the injured-States,) after-havifig 
first used peaceful and constitutional means -to obttkin 
redress, would be justified in revolutionary resistauee to 
the Governrhent of the Union." 
Now, with all due deferenpe €0 the 
submit that this is bad logic; that the conclusion 
is not as broad as the premises demand. This 
languace seems to concede.that the Coistitution 
is a compact t.o which the sevefal States are. par- 
ties. If onc portion of the parties to -that c6mpact 
willfully vjolatc one of its essential provisions',' 
is there no redress. but revolutionary resist- 
ance?" Since all the powers possessed by the 
General Government have been delegated to it by 
the people of -the respective States, when those 
powers are perverted to the injury and oppression 
of those people, or some of the parties to the-com- 
pact by which those powers are delegatcd,. arex 
" willfully violated in some of its most essential 
provisions," and such violation persisted in, why 
may not the injured parties peacefully recall •the 
powers which they have so delecated, and sepa- 
rate themselves from that General Government? 
Is it true that we have no peaceful remedy; that 
forcible revolutionary resistance" is the only 
alternative left? 
There is one more paragraph in this remarkable 
document demanding a moment's attention at this 
It is this: 
point. 
in order to justify secession as a constitutional remedy, 
it znust be the principle that the Federal Governtnent is 
a mere voluntary association of States, to be dissolved it 
If this be 
pleasure by any one of the contracting parties. 
so, the Confederacy is a rope of sand, to be penetrated and 
dissolved by the first adverse wave ot• public opinion in any 
h) this njanner our thirty-three States may 
ot• the States. 
resolve themselves into as :nany petty, jarrina, anti hostile 
republics, eaeh one retiring fro:u the Union,' withöüt re- 
sponsihiiity, whenever any sudden excitmnentanight impel 
thenl to such a course. By this process, a Union mightbc 
entirely broken into fragments in n fcW weeks, whiCh cost 
our foretäthers tnany years ot• toil, privation,- and blood, to 
establish." 
There is a transparent sophism in this very 
ph rase, " secession as a constitutional remedy;" 
and in secession, as a -constitutional right. No 
one pretends that the Constitution itself provides 
such a rcrnedy, or gives origin to such a right. 
T hc righ t is one ofthe prerogativcs of sovereignty. 
The same sovereiøn power by which the States 
severally acceded to the compact will enab\e them 
to secede from it. This right is an original ele- 
mcnt of state sovereignty, a power which was not 
delegated to the General Government; and could 
not be surrendered by the States, without an ab- 
rogation of the States themselves. But " if it be 
so, the confederacy is a rope of sand." Truly 
the framers of this Government never intended {t 
to be held togcthcr by force; nor can it, so far ag 
it is a confiedet•ation between States, be preserved 
by force. 
Self-interest, and the existence of equal com- 
mon righ ts , impelled the States to form this Union, 
intending that the general interest of all, •and an 
orgat') ized system of mutual good offces, recipro- 
cal affection and regard, would impel each party 
to the compact to a faithful observance o? its stip- 
If self-interest, kindly feeling, noble 
Illations. 
sense of justice, recipwcally felt and manifested, 
do not constitute a ligament strong enough to hold 
the States togcthcr, tl,ey will inevitably separate. 
T hc noble mcn who formed this Government had 
felt the galling yoke of British power too keenly 
Virginia—those powers shall be pcrvcrtöd to 
their injury oroppression." This is all that to forge with their ox•tvn hands chains of tyranny 
still more oppressive. Those. who had just freed 
Carolir;a now contends for. It is on this principle 
she is acting, believing that the powers she has themselves by " revolutionary resistance," and at 
delegated to the Federal Government are being 
pcrvertcd to her injury and oppression, she has 
revoked tbc act by •which she ratified the Consti- 
tution, and resumed the delegated powers. 
I Other southern States pursue the satne course. 
but you 
right to do so if you will; 
Deny their 
cannot, must not, deny that precisely this right 
was claimed, distinctly and definitely, by at least 
three of the original Statos at the time of their 
enteringil'lto the compact; nor thatthcy would not 
have been entered intö with other understanding. 
The President thinks the Legislatures of those 
States which have passed personal liberty bills in 
direct contravention of the Constitution and laws 
Of Congre.ss, ought irnmediately to repeal those 
offensive bills, and says: 
The southci-n Statcs, standing on the basis of the Con- 
stnution, have a Bgnt to demand this act of justice from 
thc cost of great labor sacrifice of human lite, 
from the heavy band of sovereign tyranny, were 
not the men to surrendcr their own State sover- 
eignty into the bands of a central Power, armed 
with the right, by force, to hold the confederated 
members in their places, no matter how oppres- 
sivc that Power might be. to the States, leav:ng no 
redress to the oppressed and injured States but 
to wade through another scene of revolutionary 
strife. 
This Union has now been in existence fora]most 
a century; our people have been accustomed to 
this peculiar form of Government, and, were all 
the States faithful to its provisions, none would 
desire to leave it. All experience has shown," 
so savs our Declaration of Independence, that 
mank*ind are more disposed to Suffer, while evi.ls 
are sufferable, than to right themselves by abol- 
