1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
327 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The ofthe 
Senator from Pennsylvania is in order if he insists 
upon it. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 do. 
Mr. GREEN. Irise to a point of order. 
Tfie VICE PRESIDENT. The from 
Missouri rises to a point of order. He will state it. 
Mr. GREEN. The point of order is, that the 
very questi0!1 the Senator now proposes to take up, 
was made a special order for one o'clock to-day, 
and it was done by tho order of the Senate, so as 
to give us the morning hour for ordinary business. 
Now, that being a standing rule of the Senate, 
he cannot-move to change. it; or if he does move 
it, one single objection prevents the Chair from 
putting the qu-esiion to the Senate. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot 
takc that view of it. 
Mr. GREEN. I appeal from the decision of 
the Chair. 
Mr. B [GLER. It is certainly competent for 
the majority of the Senate to control the order of 
business. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Pennsylvania moves to take up the resolutions 
of the Senator from Kentucky. The Scnbtm• from 
Missouri supposes it cannot be done, as those 
resolutions have been• made the special order for 
another time. The Chair decides that the motion 
of 'he Senator from Pennsylvania is in order. 
From that decision the Senator from Missouri 
appeals. The question is, Shall the decision of 
the Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate?" 
Mr. GREEN. On that point 1 desire to ex- 
plain myself a little. I do not say that the motion 
out of order; but I say one objection stops it. 
With unanimous consent, I know it can be done; 
and hence the motion itself is not out of order; 
but a majority of the Senatc cannot so order 
against a standing rule of the Senatc. That is the 
point I make. The morning hour must be devoted 
to morning business. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair still 
overrules the point of order. 
Mr. BIGLER. I intended to meet that case by 
moving to postpone all prior orders. The prior 
orders are: the presentation of petitions, making 
reports, and offering original resolutions. 
willing to yield for reports and peli- 
tions. 
Mr. GREEN. That is no prior ordcr. That 
is a standing rule. The Senator confounds a rule 
of the Senate with tho orders of the Senate. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is 
upon the appeal of the Senator from Missouri. 
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg- 
ment of thc Senate? 
Tho question l)eing put, there were, on a divis- 
im—ayes fourteen. 
at o'clock the Senator from Massachusetts has 
the floor on these resolutions. [" Half past twelve 
l" I I made the motion yesterday, and 
o'clock . 
stated that we need(d the morning hour for ordi- 
nary business; and was extended, by the order 
I of the Senate, onc half-hour on y own motion; 
and now the proposition is to cut off, not only 
half an hour, but ten minutes more. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 have no recollection of any 
understanding such as is suggestcd by the Sen- 
ator from Missouri. Certaihly I was nota party 
to any such understanding; and must declme to 
withdraw the motion. The sense of the Senate 
can be readily ascertained. 
I Mr. KING. 1 will say to the Senator from 
Missouri that. I think the motion of the Senator 
, from Pennsylvania is in accordance with the 
usvc—what has been customary here in the Sen- 
ate. I do not see anything in the rule read by the 
Chair which would prohibit such a motion being 
put. 
Mr. GREEN. Yesterday the Senator from 
Massachusetts moved to postpone this question 
until twelve and a half o'clock to-day. I sug- 
gested publicly to the Senate, that it ought to be 
changed to one o'clock, for the reason that we 
needed the morning hour for other business. At 
my suggestion it was changed, and put at one 
o'clock; and now this morning to reverse that, 
and take away the opportunity of doing other 
business, is not fair either to the Senator or to the 
Senate. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It wili be for the 
Senate itself to determine whether it be fair or 
it is certainly in the power of the Senate to 
Mr. GREEN. They may do it by force. 
Mr. CRI'I'TENDEN. The decision of the 
Chair sccins to me obviously correct, and it is 
not only for that reason (.hat I vote to sustain the 
decision, but it seems to me that it is quite ne- 
cessary to the business of the Senate, that the 
rule should bc so construed. Arc gentlemen will- 
ing to decide that, under no circumstances, upon 
no occasion, can a subject arise which, by the 
almost unanimous voice of the Senate, may be 
taken up as soon as the Senate meets, and to the 
exclusion of the business which you, sir, are di- 
rectcd to call, in case no direction is given hy the 
Senate—that is, petitions, and reports, and reso- 
lutions? Can wre not, at any time of our session, 
if anything of suflicicnt importance occurs to jus- 
lify it, order any particular subject to be taken 
up in exclusion of everything else? The Senate 
scems likely to (lecidc according to the vote, so 
so far taken, that this business of presenting peti- 
tions and memorials, and reports from commit- 
of the court in favor the claim, reported,lthe 
bill (S. No. 536) for the -reliéf of LYd1aCruger, 
executrix of Moses Shepherd, deceased„without• 
amendment. The •bill Wus read, and passed:tO a 
second reading. 
0RDDR or BUSINESS. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 now move to take up thebiN 
lying on the President's -table 
The PRESIDENT. The from 
Pennsylvania [Mr. BIGLF.R) moved to take up the 
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky. 
Mr. GREEN. He withdrew it allow the 
Senator fromGeorgia to make reports. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was withdrawn 
temporarily, to enable the Senator from Georgia 
to make some reports; and now the Chair. decides 
that the motion of the Senator from Pennsylva- 
nia is before the Senate. 
Mr. HUNTER. Is the motion of the Senator 
I from Pennsylvtülia to •take up the resOlutions of 
the Senator from Kentucky, to the. exclusion of 
all others? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. a simple 
tion to take them up. 
Mr. HUNTER. It. will not set aside the spe- 
Cial order at one o'clock? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. -It will not. 
Mr. BIGLER called for the yeas and nays on the 
motion to take up the resolutions;and they were 
ordered. 
Tho Secretary called the roll. 
Mr. LANE, (who at first voted in the afirmu- 
Is the motion to take. up now the special 
order for one o'clock? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to 
take up the resolutions of the Senator from Ken- 
tuck y. 
Mr. LANE. They are the special order for 
one o'clock ? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are two 
special orders at one o'clock. 
Mr. LANE. Then I change my vote. Let 
" nay. " 
that comeup at the regular time. vote 
The result was announced—yeas 15, nays 31; 
as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Crit- 
tenden, Fitch, Hemphill, Latha:n, Maliory, Pearce, Rice, 
Saulsbury, Slidell, 'J'homson, and Wigfall—15. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, naker, Bingham, Cameron, 
Chandler, Clark, Clingman, Collarner, Dixon, Doolittle, 
Durkec, Fessenden, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster, Green, 
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Iverson, -King, Lanc, Mason Sim- 
Wilkinson, and Wilson—3i. 
So the Senate refused to take up the resolutions. 
IIOCKADAY AND LIGGIT. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no 
further petitions, reports are in order. 
tees, shall take precedence of all measures, of 
Mr. GREEN. if there be no further pctitions 
I would like to have the 
Mr. BINGHAM. 
rule read before I vote. 
Mr. KING. Let be read. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will, 
with the leave of the Senate, state tho point. The 
24th rule of the Senate provides: 
After the Journal is read, the President shalt first call 
for petitions, and then for reports from standing connnit- 
I do not think 
whatever importance or exi«encv. 
it can be tho intention of the Senat.c to establish 
an such rule in that imperative manner. 
{'Ir. GREEN. To gratify Senators, and for the 
, purposc of expediting business, and for thesc rea- 
i sons alone, I withdraw the appeal, and let the 
question be taken on the motion. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on 
tbc motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania, to 
take up the resolutions of thc Scnator from Kon- 
That is made thc duty of the Chair after the tucky. 
It is a direction as to the i i Mr. IVERSON. I desire to mako a report. 
reading of the Journal. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 yield. 
course of business he shall pursue, which he has 
always ruled may be changed by a vote of thc 
DILI,s COURT OF CLAIMS. 
It is simply a direction as to the course 
Senate. 
ho shall take, unless the Senate order otherwise; 
and he has repeatedly ruled that it was in order 
to make a motion to take up any piece of busi- 
ness after the Senate had met and the Journal had 
beer: read: in other words, that the rule does not 
lirnit the Senate as to the order of business. 
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Chair have the rule 
read in referenc.e to how the morning hour shall 
be appropriated. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The only rule on 
the subject is that which the Chair has read. 
Mr. BIGLER. I suggest to the Senator from 
Missouri, that he withdraw tbc appeal, and that 
the question be put on taking up the resolutions; 
by which the sense of the Senate will bc more 
satisfactorily ascertained. 
draw the appeal, if the Senator will withdraw his 
motion and let us proceed with the business, ac- 
cording to the understanding yesterday—to take 
until one o 'clock to attend to other business—and 
on Claims, 
to whom was referred a biH reported from the 
Court of Claims for the relief of Selmtu• Seibert, 
with thc opinion of the court in favor of thc claim, 
reported the bill (S. No, 534) for the relief of Sel- 
mar Seibert, without arnen(hnent,. The bill was 
read, and passed to a second reading. 
He also, from the same committee, to. whom 
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims, 
I for the relief of Joseph San Roman and William 
or reports, I move to take up the bill lying on 
the table. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair. will 
present to the Senate a House bill to receivc its 
readings. 
'The0bill (H. R. No. 915) the relief ofHock- 
aday & Liggit was read twice by its title. 
Mr. GREEN. That bill passed Senate 
the last session and failed simply because it passed 
within the last three days, and the President, 
It' has now 
under his rule, did not approve it. 
passed thc other House unanimously, and I move 
to put it on its passage hero. 
Thc Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded 
to consider the bill as in Cornmittee of the Wholc. 
It authorizes the payment of $59,576, to Hocka- 
day & Liggit, in full payrnent for damages sus. 
tained by them in reduction of pay for carryin(r 
'l'his sum is to be 
the mails on route No. 8911. 
paid to William Lio-g•it, for and on account of 
Hockaday & Liggit, and for their benefit. 
The bill was reported to the Senate without 
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the 
third time, and passed. 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. 
I Armstrong, administrators of James B. Arm- 
strong, with the opinion of the court in favor of A message from the House of Representatives 
the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 535) for the by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that tho 
relief of Joseph San Roman and William Arm- House had passed the following bills, in which 
II the concurrence of the Senate M,'as requested: 
strong, administrators of James B. Armstrong, 
without amendment. The bill was read, and A bill (No. 488) authorizing the holding Of a 
circuit and district courts of the United States fbr 
He also, from the same committee, to whom the southern district of Illinois, at the city. Of 
ii was referred a bill reported by the Court of Cairo; 
Claims, for the relief of Lydia Cruger, executrix A bili (No, 918) for the relief of the heirs of 
of Moses Shepherd, deceased, with the opinion Noah Wiswall; 
