1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
affairs and the Federal jurisdiction within the 
State, would be to set aside the State government 
by force, and to reduce it to a territorial condition ; 
and then what would be the result? You first 
coerce a State because it secedes from thirty-two 
other members of this Confederacy; and you turn 
around and secede yourselves from it by reducing 
it from the condition of a S te to the position of 
a Territory ! 
But, Mr. President, I s that if coercion were 
right, it is impossible. I say that no man can 
doubt that if it be attempted against one of the 
seceding States, all the slaveholding States will 
rally to the aid of their sister; and the idea that 
you can coerce eight, or ten, or fourteen, or fif- 
teen of the States of this Confederacy when stand- 
in" in a solid body, is preposterous. I acknowl- 
edge that you may make a civil war which will 
produce immense disasters in both sections of the 
country; I •acknowledge that you can inflict im- 
measurable evils and great calamities upon both 
the contending sections; but as to supposing that 
either one could subdue the other so as to place 
it under its yoke, and impose its laws upon it, 
do not entertain the idea for an instant. 
Why, sir, how would this Nar of coercion be 
waged? It would take yearly, for 
you cannot wage it with less than a hundred thot.t- 
sand men; and where would you get this sum ? 
Not from imports; for what would the imports of 
the northern portion of the Confederacy be when 
you took from them all that comes in return for 
the exports of the South? You would have to 
sustain the war by loans and direct taxation; and 
is it to be supposed that the people would bear 
such burdens In such a cause as that? i belicve 
they might submit to any just and necessary tax- 
ation in the defense of their own legal and neces- 
sary rights; but would they submit to such a 
scheme of taxation for the purpose of enforcin& 
their yoke upon other people—for thc purpose of 
depriving those other people of the right of self- 
government? Whose would bc the comme.rce 
that would be preyed upon? Not the southern 
commerce. That would go in foreign bottoms. 
would be the commerce of the other section of 
the Confederacy. If it came to a question of 
plunder, which of the sections would afford the 
greatest temptation to plunder? Where are the 
cities, villages, the concentrated wealth of a com- 
munity to be found in the greatest number and 
quantity ? Those are the objects which tempt the 
cupidity ofa soldiery. You could not steal our 
negroes. Your own people would not allow you 
to talr.c them and set them frcc among them, to 
enter into competition with them for labor and for 
wages. HOW' would you carry on such a war, 
sir? Where would you find the means? You 
would not continue the attempt for more than six 
months before you would find it impossible, and 
say, therefore, that it is not possible, by any 
such means, to coerce the southern people into 
I know there is a talk of attaining 
submission . 
all the valuable purposes ofa Union, by a simple 
blockade of the coast; that is, by a blockade which 
Where would the ships come from to blockade 
the whole southern coast? And how could they 
effect their purpose under this Constitution, un- 
less, indeed, they intend to violate it? Where 
praiscrs, their collectors? Where would they 
exercise their functions? On shipboard? That 
would be impossible. Would you transfer the 
cargo of the ship to another port of a collection 
district in another State, which had not seceded ? 
Why, sir, the cartro would not bc wanted there. 
How in regard to thc commcrce of the South dur- 
ing that period? You can lay no duty upon ex- 
ports. They would forbid their people, under 
penalties, to send their commodities by any but 
foreign bottoms; they might forbid the people, by 
penalties, from consumino• any goods which they 
did not •manufacture themselves, or import from 
have to be a blockade of war, in which you pre- 
vented vessels from going either out or in; and is 
it to be supposed that foreign nations would allow 
this? Is it to be presumed that Great Britain, 
which has millions of human beings whose very 
existence depends upon cotton, that the great in- 
terests of civilization, would allow this grand ma- 
terial of human industry to be thus shut up and 
denied to them? Why, sir, it is not to be supposed 
for a moment. There are other Powers which 
would prevent such a blockade, in addition to 
the resistance which might be expected from the 
section that it was attempted thus to coerce. 
I say, then, Mr. President, that it is idle to 
think of coercion. You may, if you choose, if 
such be your feeling, inflict evils by waging civil 
war; but will you inflict more on others than you 
will receive in return? Will you be benefited by 
the operation when you come to sum up its re- 
sults and effects? I think not. But supposc you 
could succeed—I put the question to you now— 
suppose you had succeeded according to your 
utmost wishes; suppose you had conquered the 
South; that you had subjugated the entire section; 
that you had reduced thosc States to the condition 
of dependent provinces: how then would you ex- 
crcise your power? Would you apply your doc- 
trine, that there can bc no property in slaves? In 
that community of eight 01' nine million white men 
and four milliön slaves, would you turn them 
loose together, and set the slaves frec? Would 
you repeat the experiment of the British West 
Indies—of the Island of Jamaica? Would your 
people stand by and see the cultivated fields rc- 
turn to the bush, the white man being gradually 
rcduced to the level of the nco•ro, and the necro 
remitted and restored to his primitive condition 
of barbarism? Would the great interests of civ- 
ilization and humanity permit such a result? 
Would your own interests, your manufacturers, 
your shipowners, agree to it? Sir, it is not to 
be supposed that a thing would be permitted; 
and what then would be the result? You would 
havc to maintain the social system; you would 
have to recocrnize property in slaves; and what 
would follow from that? If you recognize prop- 
erty in slaves, you must causc fugitive slaves to 
If you recognize a property that is 
be restored. 
under the jurisdiction of your Government, you 
must protect if you do protect it, you 
must punish pcrsons who attempt to make raids 
upon it, and to incite servile insurrections. And, 
sirs, if you oncc commit yourselves to the, duty 
of protecting it throughout all these conqucrcd 
States, you would find that it followed, as a ne- 
ccssary consequence, that you must protect it 
whercvcr you had the exclusive jurisdiction. 
What, then, would become of your dogma of ex- 
cluding it from the Territories? What would be 
the effect of such an experiment? You pen them 
up until there comes to bca surplus population in 
the old States; you pcn up the negroes, and say 
the negro shall not move, but the white man may. 
What is the effect of that? The white man does 
move when the wacres of labor arc low; the negro 
remains and gains the preponderance in popula- 
tion until you give him the best part of the conti- 
ncnt, and remove the white man •to the worst. 
Could such an absurdity as this be tolerated, Mr. 
President? No, sir; not for a moment. 
Then, if you would be forced to accede to all 
these things, if you succeeded according to your 
wishcs, and conquered and subdued us, after a 
bloody and harassing civil war, why not do it 
beforehand, when it would save thc Union ? Why 
notdo it now, W' hen it would avert all these calam- 
ities ? Why notavailyourselfofthe present oppor- 
tunity, when you may do so without the dreadful 
inconsistency which will be charged upon you, 
when you may be forced to do these very things 
after you have carried on this cruel and harass- 
ing and distressing system of civil war ? 
I say, then, Mr. President, that it is impossible 
I to coerce the southern States, if you were to at- 
tempt to do so. If you had the. constitutional 
coerce South Carolina; they are of no üse•tö 
if you do mean-to coerce 'her; yout Ought. not tb 
have them. The whole thing lies -in a -riütéhö-l-li 
because, if you do-mean -to 'use them for the pup 
pose of coercion, you light up the flames df civil 
war, and there is no telling when: those *Harneå 
will be extinguished; if you do attempt' Ito use 
thcm for the purpose of coercion, you destroythé 
chances of the construction of another Union; 
which I still hope and trust may taketplace, and 
which may prove to us a more permanent bond 
of alliance and fraternity than that one which is 
passing away from us. 
I say, too, sir, that you have no right, When 
you come to '.veigh the question of right, to 'hold 
on to these forts. You could not have obtained 
them without the consent of the Legislature of 
the State; that is, the provision of. the Constitu- 
tion. -Upon what consideration was that consent 
given? Not for pecuniary considerations. It Was 
given upon the consideration that they were to bc 
used for the defense of the State. Now, sit;you 
keep them when they can no longér be used for 
thc defense of thc State, but are proposed to be 
used for offensive purposes agamst her. The 
consideration , therefore , in my opinioh , has failed ; 
and in justice and equity, you ought to •restore 
them. 
But, Mr. President, if there were no moral-ob- 
ligation upon you to do so, I maintain that con- 
siderations of policy ought to prompt you to do 
In no other way can you prevent the com- 
it. 
mencement of civil war. They say they have 
seceded; they say they are out of t.his Ünion. 
I believe. myself that they are. You maintain a 
diffe2•cnt opinion; but certain it is, that while you 
might give them up without inconsistency, so far 
as your opinions arc concerned, they' could not 
yield them without absolute inconsistency, so far 
as their pretensions arc to be considered. If they 
are an independent people, they havc a right to 
If they arc an independent people, 
they are bound to take them, if they have the 
power to do so, when they bclieve they are in 
the possession of a foreign Power. But how is 
it with you? What inconsistency do you mani- 
fest, provided it be policy to do so, when you 
withdraw from them? You do not admit the 
In the form in' which the 
doctrine of secession. 
resolution is proposed, you are not called upon 
upon the ground of policy; for, under -the resolu- 
tion, a State which did not intend to secede might 
apply for a retrocession of the forts, and the retro- 
tives of policy, and without the least violation 
the Constitution. Suppose the city of New York 
had said to us, at a time when the public defenses 
were going up at a rate which did not satisfy her, 
because they were too slow, " retrocede to us the 
jurisdiction; it is essential to us to have tho forts; 
we will construct them rapidly; pass a law al- 
lowing us to maintain troops, and we will man 
might be circumstances under which it wotfl8 be 
politic for New York to make such a demand, 
and there might be circumstances under which it 
would be just and proper to grant it. 
theretöre, you do nothing inconsistent with your 
return these forts; and there is nothing impolitic 
in such a concession, unless you desire to use 
them for purposes of coercion. 
Mr. President, I maintain that every considcr- 
ation of policy should induce us o emovc that 
us; and I am especially anxious for it, becausc I 
believe that if we have civi war, we loseall hopes 
of reconstructing this Urnon. I desn•e myself 
to see it reconstructed on principles of fairness, 
1 
equality, and justice, between the sections. 
believc that if a drop of blood is once shed, if you 
do not destroy the chances of it, you postpone it 
to a very distant day; and for one, I do not desirc 
I presume that we shall soon see 
to see this. 
nearly all the southern States out of the Union. 
abroad; and thus you would lose your most val- 
uable customers in the carrying trade, and the 
most profitable consmncrs of your manufactures. 
And what would you get in return? Would 
right to do so, it would bc impossible. Why 
creatc a civil war wantonly, without purpose, I thi15k it probable that they will unite first and 
form a union of the South for the sake of the 
i without use or benefit to any one? If this be so, 
why not adopt the proposition in my resolution South; and having done so, I hope and trust and 
bc•liove that thev will call a southern convention 
—why not cede back the forts to those States that 
for the purpose of proposilv a reaccommodation 
claiån to have scceded, and to have withdrawn 
and readjustment on proper terms; and if the non- 
the customs that you thus collected pay the cx- 
penses of the blockade? -Would they pay half from this Confederacy? What do you want with 
slaveholding States at the samc time shall assem„ 
the expenses of the blockade? It is manifest they I them? What do you want with thc forts in the 
would not. The blockade, to bc effectual, would harbor of Charleston? If you do not mean to i ble in convention and exchange propositions, 1 
