334 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 11, 
oneb should not have as well' as the 
others. 'I do not profess to. be acquainted. with 
the merits of this claim at all. But II am very apt 
to 'think, Mr. Speaker, when I find a party so con- 
stan•tly before Congress, and getting large num- 
ber pf.- claims allowed, that when he has still a 
claim, which has- been- all the time rejected, that 
claim has not much merit in it. I may be in error 
as to the fact, 
I may bein error as to 'this party 
havinöhad• so many claims passed in, his favor. 
If so,fi desire to be corrected by the chairman of 
the- Committee for -the District of Columbia. I 
know, moreover, that when this claim was before 
the House on former occasions, one or two gen- 
tlemen who had investigated it opposed it very 
decidedly. They were gentlemen who were well 
acquainted with the merits of the case—who had 
studied the case, and who could not be induced to 
withdraw their opposition to it. 
Under these circumstances, I think that this bill 
ought to be referred to a Committee of the Whole 
House. We will go into committee directly, and 
can discuss it there. Let it take the course which 
other private bills take. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire to put my friend 
from North Carolina right in reference to one of 
his statements. He says that this claimant has 
had sevefal bills passed for his relief by Congress. 
In that he is mistaken.. But one bill for his relief 
has passed this House silice my service here com- 
menced. This claim was not embraced in it. 
I 
think- this-bill has been Vending for some seven 
years, and has been favorably reported by the 
Committee for the District of Columbia every time 
that it was referred to it. That is my recollection 
of- the fact. 
Mr. CARTER. The gentleman from North 
Carolina labors under a mistake about this claim 
having already been allowed. 
It has been before 
Congress fbl' a- long time; and, as I understand, it 
has passed the House and the Senat.e, but not at 
the same session, so that it might become a law 
of the land, and that this man should be con)pen- 
sated. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 submit to the House, I'V1r. 
Speaker, whether the fact that this bill has been 
so often before the House, and has still failed, is 
not a very strong aro•umcnt why it should not be 
passed now, without beirp considered in Com- 
mittee of the Whole House. 
*Mr. CARTER. it has passed one House; but 
at too period of the session to be acted on 
in -the other. 
MH. HUGHES. It seems to me that the longm• 
justice has been delayed, the greater the reason 
why it should be done now. 
Mr. CARTER. The claim has been favorably 
reported by fifteen separate committees; and no 
committec has reported against it. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. to ask the 
man of the Committee for the District of Colum- 
bia how rnuch tnonev this bill appropriates? 
Mr. CARTER. lit does not appropriate any 
II refers the claim to the proper l)epart- 
amount. 
ment, that it may be adjudicated and ascertained 
what is actually due to the claimant. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 desire to ask uny gen- 
tleman in tbc House to tell me what this bill does 
appropriate? I am very well satisficd that thc bill 
ought not to pass, I gave it some investirration 
last session. 
Mr. CARTER. The claim, if 1 it 
aright, is between three and four thousand dollars. 
It is a merc matter of equity between the Gov- 
ernment and himself. And yet this House is 
called upon to pass a bill without knovv'ing how 
much it appropriates, or whether there is an ything 
at all due to the claimant. It is notafixed amount; 
and I suggest to the chairman of the Committee 
for the District of Columbia, that he should let 
this bili take the regular course, and go, as other 
private bills go, to a Committee of the Whole 
House, where it can be discussed and the facts 
ascertained. 
Mr. CARTER. This is a Senate bill, and it 
has been scrutinized in that body. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Exactly. Now, if the 
gentleman will show me a private bill that has 
ever been closely scrutinized by the Senate, he 
will show me something which I have never 
seen. Talk of u private bill being scrutinized by 
the Senate ! 
Mr. CARTER. well, if it was not, it ought 
to have been. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. It 
to hear a gentleman talk about the Senate scru- 
tinizing a private claim. And yet neither the 
Senate 1101' the House, nor the committee that re- 
ported the bill, 
nor the mcrnbcr from Now York, 
nor my friend from Kentucky, nor anybody e}se, 
can tell how much is to be paid from the Treas- 
ury under this bill. Let it, I repeat, take the 
usual course of private bills, and if the claim be 
a just one, it. Will be allowed. The party can- 
not complain of that course being taken. 
Mv. CARTER. If 1 understand it, the bill 
will' not appropriate more than four thousand 
dollars. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. But you say you do 
not understand how much. 
Mr. CARTER. we refer it to the Depart- 
ment to sec whether this party is entitled to the 
claim he makes. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. You refer It to the De- 
partment for them to inquire into the amount due 
to this party? 
Mr. CARTER. Yes, sir. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman and the 
House know very well how these. bill* are usually 
drawn. They are drawl) with language such as 
the House of' Representatives frequently does not 
notice; and under peculiar words, we have actu- 
ally authorized thc 
payment of an amount of 
money, which we have ourselves been greatly 
astomshed at when wc found out what it was. 
Mr. CARTER. I have no doubt that we have 
honest men at the heads of the various Depart- 
ments of the Government, who will thoroughly 
investigate this claim. Ti'hey will deduct from the 
claim all that ought to be deducted, and they will 
not pay any more than is due. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. The 
such bills as this as instructions to them to pay 
this money. I move that the bill be laid upon 
the table. 
Mr. CARTER. I hope that that motion will 
not n•evail. 
Mr. BRANCH. 
I ask the gentleman from 
Georgia to allow kne to read a passage from the 
report of the committee which had this bill in 
chtu•ge. 
iMr. CRAWFORD. 1 withdraw my motion 
for that purpose. 
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, 1 dislike very 
much to be compelled to discuss bills brought. 
before the House with such limited means of in- 
But it is to be referred to the proper Departinent I formation as we possess; and if, now and then, 
to be adjusted, and to see whether the clairnant is i when it is attempted to put bills in this way upon 
or is not entitled to anything. 
their passage, without examimng into all the par- 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 think it an extraordi- 
ticulars, we should stumble into errors, it is not 
nary thing that a bill of this sort should be before the fault of those of' us 'V ho are seeking thc means 
Congress for the last fifteen years, without a sin- of gcttingy information by sending them to corn- 
gle rnember of thc Houso 01' of the Committee for I mittecs, but rather the fault of those who compel I 
the District of Columbia being able to tell what 
us to act in the dark. 
. amount is appropriated in it. 
If this man has a 
In reference to the amount of this claim, I wish 
just clann aøainst the Government, it is an equi„ i to read a passage from the report of the comrnit- 
table claim. He has no legal demand against the tee which accompanies the bill. The report is 
Government, "I'here may possifiy be some equity not very distinct as to the amour)t.•, but when tho 
in the claim; but if there be, there should be some, 
member who would be able to state what the ! 
amount would be. 
If there be a member who 
knows anything about it, I should like to know. 
I have had a conversation myself with a 
He sought mc yesterday, and spoke to me In 
He did not know, himself, how 
respect to it. 
much the amount was that was due to him, or 
whether there was anything at all due to him, I 
extract is read, the House will see that the amount 
of this claim, which we are called upon to pass, 
is much larger than two or three thousand dollars. 
The extract is as follows; 
The amount of work done by Stewart during the inqu- 
ence of the cholera, at his contract price, was 910,924 60. 
The amount done by Bargv during the same time, at his 
contract price, was 40, amounting in all to $18,796, 
to whieh amount, according to the principles adopted by 
former committees, one hundred per cent. ought to be added 
for the diminished amount of labor performed by the men, 
the contractors being compelled to employ two hundred to 
perform what one hundred would have done in the same 
length of time, had the contractors been allowed to suspend 
their work during the influence of the cholera ; and to this 
amount add fifty per cent. for the increased price paid the 
laborers to induce them to stay on the work, and from this 
amount dedict the amounts paid the original contractors, 
and their assignee or attorney, and .should there retnain a 
balance, thus -found, still unpaid, that the proper account- 
ing otficerg of the Treasury pay the same to J. VV. Nye, the 
assignee of said contractors; and in accordance with the 
foregoing principle the committee report a bill and earnestly 
recommcnd its passage." 
So, sir, it seems that the original contract was 
for$18,796. To thatamount the committee propose 
to add one hundred per cent. , which is to double 
that amount. and make it some thirty-seven thou- 
sand dollars. 
Mr. CARTER. One hundred per cent. upon 
the labor actually done. 
Mr. BRANCH. And then it is proposed to 
add fifty per cent. , which is some nine thousand 
dollars, making in all between forty-five and fifty 
thousand dollars. 
From that amount is to be 
deducted the amounts heretofore paid to Nye. 
What those amounts are we cannot tell; we have 
no tneans of knowing; but, ås the orio•inal contract 
was only for $18,000, it is quitc evident that what 
the comrnittee allows under this bill must at least 
be thc difference betwccn $18,000 and $47,000. 
'l'he report may mislead me. The chairman of 
the committee may be able to make it clear, not- 
withstRnding what I have. .read from the re bort— 
that the bitl appropriates only a very sma I surn 
of money, not to exceed two or three thousand 
dollars. 1 would like to have the matter discussed 
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union. 
This name of Nye is familiar to those of ns 
who have been here for five or six years. 
1 have 
not served in a session of Congress since I have 
been here when this party was not beftjre Con- 
gress, in some shape or other, tryincr to have one 
claim or another passed by the Government. 
I will now read the last clause of the report; 
which, perhaps, will indicate to the House one 
of the reasons why the passage of this bill is 
urged. The committee gives it as one of the 
reasons; and perha it is one of the most influ- 
ential reasons whic operated upon them: 
In justice to. the clairnant and his lililily, and in con- 
sideration of the great length ot• time rnost Faithfully de- 
voted by bitn to the prosecution of this clai:n, and to relieve 
Congress frorn arry further importunity and expense, the 
connnittee reeo:nmend its innuediate settlenuent." 
In consideration of the great length of time 
most faithfully devoted by him to the prosecution 
of this claim! Not to the prosecution of the work, 
but in consideration of the great length of time 
devoted by him to the prosecution of this claim; 
and to relieve Congress from any further impor- 
tunity and expense, the committee recommends 
its immediate settlement. 
I submit to the House 
if that is a. suffcient reason for a committee of 
this House to pass a bill in this hot haste. 
not in consideration of the services rendered, but 
in consideration of the great length of the time 
devoted by this party to prosecuting this claim; 
and in order to relieve Congress from any furiher 
importunity, the committee recommend that the 
claim should now be settled. 
If I am correct, Mr. Speaker, in the ilnpression 
on my mind, that this is an old clailnant, one who 
has had many claims before Congress, then, so 
far froin gettillg rid of his importunity by passing 
the bill, I would not be surprised if we only in- 
sured a continuance of it. 
i think the way to get 
rid of importunity in such cases, where claixns 
have been deliberately examined and passed upon 
and rejected by Congress, is not to pass the claims, 
but to reject them decisively, and for the commit- 
tees of this House to refuse ever afterwards to 
consider them, unless new evidence be brought 
forward with them. 
I am not willing to get rid 
of the importunity of this party in any such way. 
I am not willing to try the experiment of getting 
rid of it in that way. So far from getting rid of 
it, I think we will (inly insure that he will be here 
at the next session of Congress with an- 
other and perhaps a larger claim. 
I insist on my motion to refer the bill to the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the U Ilion. 
If we find that it is a just claim, as possibly we 
may, I will be as ready as any member upon this 
floor to do justice to this party; but where the 
circumstances are suspicious, as they are in this 
