1861, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
335 
case—I mean suspicious as to the justice and the tary of' the Treasury to change t.he name of the 
Tight of the claim—I am unwilling to have it schooner Spring Hill to-that of United States. It 
is the vessel of Captain Hayes, which is out upon 
passed until we, have -had an opportunity to in- 
I will go into the Committee of the i' an exploring exoedition in the Arctic regions. 
vesti«ate it. 
I No objection • being made, the resolution was 
Whole on the state of the Union with the gen- 
tleman who reported the bill, and those around I received, and read a first and second time. 
me who are so confident of its justice—gentle- 
men upon whose judgment I have great reliance— 
I will, say, go into the Committee of the Whole 
on the state of the Union with them, and intö the 
investigation of the case, fully and fairly. If it 
is a just claim, I will go with them for paying it; 
and if it is not a just claim, I am satisfied that 
they will not ask Congress to pass it. I demand 
If, 
the previous question on the motion to refer. 
however, the chairman of the Committee for the 
District of Columbia wants to reply to my re- 
marks, I will not cut him off. 
Mr. CARTER. I want to say a word. 
Mr. BRANCI-I. I withdraw thc demand for 
the previous question. 
Mr. CAR'I'ER. I hope that the motion to 
refer will be defeated. This claim has bccn re- 
ported upon favorably by fifteen committees. 
understand it rightly, it does not involve at the 
outside more than four or five thousand dollars, 
notwithstanding the extracts from the report read 
by the gentleman from North Carolina. I am 
willing that the claim shall be limited to that 
I apprehend that there is no claim for 
amount. 
any large amount. 
Mr. STANTON. Does the bill make an ap- 
propriation ? 
Mr. CARTER. The bill refers the settlement 
It authorizes 
of the claim to the Department. 
them to settle the amount found due. 
Mr. STANTON. Then it makes an appro- 
priation. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether 
the point of' order is a good one. At any rate, it 
IS made too late, 
Mr. BRANCH. I renew the demand for the 
previous question. 
Mr. MAYNARD. What is the effect of the 
previous question? Ifthe House should decline 
to send the bill to the Committee of the Whole on 
the state of the Union, wolrld it not then bring us 
to a direct vote on the bill? 
The SPEAKER. It would. The question 
would be on the third reading and engrossment 
of the bill. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 ask that so much of the 
bill be read as is necessary to enable us to ascor- 
tain whether it contains an appropriation or not. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is too 
late now to raise that question. The question is 
upon seconding the demand for the previous qucs- 
tion. 
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to get that inform- 
ation, because if the bill does appropriate money 
it must go, under the rules, to the Committee of 
the Whole on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CARTER. It is too late to raise the point, 
because the bill is already before the House. 
Mr. BRANCH. It is -not too late, because the 
rules require that the bilk shall go there if it ap- 
propriates money, as I understand t.he Chair to 
I make that point of order. 
admit that it does. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has looked into 
the bill in reference to that point, and he doubts 
whether it comes under that rule. He therefore 
overrules the point of order. The question is 
now upon seconding the demand for the previous 
question. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question was ordered to be put; and, under 
the operation thereof, the bill was referred to a 
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar. 
I ask the 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
unanimous consent of the House to— 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 call for the regular order 
of business. 
I hope the 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
gentleman will hear my proposition. 
ENROLLED BILL. 
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H. 
R. No. 693) for the relief of Richard C. Martin; 
when the Speaker signed the same. 
SCHOONER SPRING 111LIJ. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f111inois. 1 am directed 
by the Committee on Commerce to ask the I-louse 
to pass a joint resolution authorizing the Secre- 
Mr. PENDLETON. Is it in order to move to 
amend that resolution ? 
The SPEAKER. It is. 
Mr. PENDLETON. Then, 1 move to insert 
authority. to change the name of the schooner 
John C. Frémont to that of Horizon. 
The SPEAKER. The amendment must apply 
to the same subject. 
Mr. PENDLETON. The 
to the same general subject. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not 
in order. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded 
the previous question. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered to be put; arid under the 
operation thereof the resolution was ordered to 
be engrossed and read a third time; and being 
enffrosscd, it was accordingly read the third time, 
and passed. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, moved to rc- 
consider the vote by which the resolution was 
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to 
reconsider on the table 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
JAMES O'BRIEN. 
Mr. HUGHES. instructed by the Com- 
mittee on Military Affairs to report a bill for the 
relief of James O'Brien, late lieutenant of com- 
pan y E, of the District of Columbia and Mary- 
land regiment of voluntcers in the Mexican war, 
and others. 
Mr. FENTON called for the regular order of 
business. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary- 
land is not now in order. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the unanimous 
consent of the House to report a bill from the 
Committee on Public Lands, which I could not 
lay 111 y hand upon when that committee was 
caned. 
Mr. STANTON objected to everything except 
the regular order of business. 
COURT-HOUSE ONTARIO. 
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the 
Judiciary, made an adverse report upon the peti- 
ti0i1 of the supervisors of the count.y of Ontario, 
New York, asking for an appropriation for a Gov- 
ernment court-house; which was laid on the table, 
avid the committee discharged from the further 
consideration thereof, 
TAXES IN KANSAS. 
Mr. BINGHAM also, from the same commit- 
tee, reported adversely upon the several petitions 
of S. S. Pronty, John Chew, and others, citizens 
of Kansas, prayinR Congress to remit taxes paid 
in support of the Government; which was laid on 
the table, and the committee discharged from the 
further consideration thereof. 
FERRY OVER LAKE CIIAMPLAIN. 
Mr. BINGHAM also, from the same commit- 
tee, asked that the committee be discharged from 
the further consideration of the petition of Charles 
Sowles, praying for a grant of land for a ferry 
over Lake Champlain, from Alburgh, in the State 
of Vermont, to Rouse's Point, in the State of 
New York, adjacent to the same; and that thc 
same be referred to the Committee on Commerce. 
It was so ordered. 
DAVID C. BRODERICK. 
Mr. BINGHAM also, from the same commit- 
tee, reported a bill for the relief of the assignees 
of David C. Broderick, deceased; which was read 
a first and second time. 
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Senate 
to pay to the assignees of David C. Broderick, out 
of the contingent fund of the Senate, the amount 
of compensation and salary due to the deceased 
at the time of his death; and it repeais so much 
of any act as may conflict with this act. 
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 would suggest to the gene 
tleman from Ohio that the last clause is too broad 
ill its application. The effect of it will be to repeal 
all acts inconsistent with the bill. The repeal 
ought not to act beyond the provisions of the bill. 
Mr. BINGHAM. The •repeal is limited in its 
operation to -this particular Case. 
Mr. NOELL. What -prevents.their receiving 
this money now ? 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 suppose the 
of the law would be that the 
x.vise bc paid to the personal representatives of thes 
deceased. This bill provides that-the money shall 
be paid to his assignee. I will state alsO;for .thc 
information of the gentleman, that the Senate:ofi 
the United States was so entirely satisfied that 
some such legislation as this- should be had, that 
they unanimously passed a resolution ofasimilar: 
nature; but the Attorney General said it must be, 
authorized by a joint resolution or a bill before' 
the money could be paid. 
I will amend the second section of, the resolu- 
tion, so that it shall read: 
So much of any act as may conflict herewith is hereby 
repealed in so far as it may interfere with the payment au- 
thorized bythe first section of. this act. 
The resolution was then ordered to be en- 
grossed and read a third time. 
Mr. NIBLACK. I would suggest to -the gen- 
tleman from Ohio, whether it would not be better, 
by unanimous consent, to strike out the whole of 
the repealing clause, and say simply that the-pay- 
ment shall be made , notwithstanding the provz& 
of any law to the contrary. 
Mr. BINGHAM. The is limited to the 
provisions of this bill, and there is no necessity 
för anyt.hing else. 
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from 
Ohio inform me whether the bill gives any pay 
after the death of Mr. Broderick? 
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir. 1 call the previous 
question upon the passage of thc bill. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered to be put; and under the 
operation thcrcof the resolution -Was passed. 
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote 
last taken; and also moved to lay the, motion to 
reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
FERDINAND W. CLARK. 
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on the Ju- 
diciary, made an adverse report upon the petition 
of Ferdinand W. Clark, of Roxbury, Massachu- 
setts, respecting proceedings in his claim against 
Mexico; which was laid on the table, and ordered 
to be printed. 
LAND TITLE IN SAN FRANCISCO. 
Mr. PORTER also,. from the same committee, 
reported back, with an amendment, and with a 
recommendation that it do pass, a bill (S. No. 97) 
to authorize the institution of a suit against the 
United States, to test the title to lots Nos. 6 and 
7, in Hospital square, in San Francisco. 
The amendment of the committee was to amend 
section four of the act, so that it shall read as fol- 
lows: 
Be it further enacted, That no suit shall. be brought by 
virtue of the provisions of this act, unless the same be in- 
stituted within two years from the passage thereof. 
'Ilhe amendment was agreed to. 
The bill was then ordered to be read a third 
time. 
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. 1 would be 
glad to inquire of the chairman of the committee 
whether the*e is any precedent for the proceed- 
ings contemplated by this bill; whether there is 
any instance where a suit has been authorized to 
be brought against the United States in a court of 
the United States? I think this would be the es- 
tablishmen t of an important precedent to the coun- 
try. 
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 am not able, at this mo- 
ment, to indicate any case; butl think there will 
be no diffculty in finding a precedent. 
Mr. BINGHAM. There was such a case last 
session. 
Mr. HICKMAN. That is by no means an 
unusual thing. Ghe United States can undoubt- 
edly suffer no injustice from this course. The 
opinion of the Attorney General was asked. re- 
specting the title of the Government to these lots, 
and he referred it to the district attorney of Cal- 
ifornia, and he expressed the opinion that the 
title of the United States was defective. This bill 
is merely to enable that question of title to be 
tested. 
Mr. JONES. I do not know anything of' the 
merits of this particular I do not see 
