336 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 11. 
any reason 'why the United States should be Sued 
in one ease, and not in all cases. : As I have al- 
ways -understood the law, the United. States can- 
not, as a general rule, be sued. I shali Object to 
that bilb, if it isin order to do so, unless it be so 
amended as to allow everybody to sue the Uni- 
ted- States. 
Mr. PORTER. It seems to me that, after a 
very brief statement the facts of this case, 
there will- be no objection to the passage of tlie 
billie The city of San FrancisdO was the original 
owner:öf• this property, and sold it to the United 
States -for- the purposes of a hospital. 
com- 
prises six lots. - Before the Federal Government 
purchased the property, a judgment had been re- 
covered* against- the city of San Francisco by one 
Morrison, and' the property sold under an execu- 
tion 'to the persons mentioned in the bill. 
It is 
strongly intimated, in a letter of the Attorney 
Genera-I to the Vice President, that the title of the 
urchasers, under thc execution, is a good one. 
['hey were forcibly turned out of possession of 
the property by Federal offcers, and merely wish 
tohave a right to try their claim in the courts of 
the United States. 
Mr. JONES. I object to that bill, if it is in 
order to obiect to it. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia 
cannot, by his single objection, stop action upon 
II is regularly under con- 
the bill at this stage. 
sideration, and has been •amended. 
The bill was Ordered to a third reading; and 
was accordingly read the third time. 
Mr. GARTRELL demanded the yeas and nays 
on the passage of the bill. 
The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
The bill 'evas passed. 
Mr. PORTER moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the bill •was passed; and also moved to lay 
the motion to reconsider upon the table 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Has the 
hour expired ? 
The SPEAKER. It has. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then 1 move that 
we proceed to the consideration of the private 
business on the Speaker's table. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Pending that motion, I 
move that the House resolve itself into the Com- 
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, 
with a view to take up the public business. 'I'his 
not being " objection day," it is scarcely worth 
while to go into a Committee of the Whole on pri- 
vate claims. 
Mr. MAYNARD. we have not had a private 
bill day this session. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Thigisnot"objectionday•" 
and- therefore, as we all know, we can make no 
procress on the Private Calendar. 
MAYNARD. There are several bills 
which have been objected to that ought to have a 
hearing. 
Mr. SHERMAN. the motion to go 
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of 
tho Union. 
Mr. COBB, I appeal to the gentleman from 
Ohio to permit me ask thc House to pass a bill 
to provide a pension of cight dollars month for 
an old soldier who servcd five years. It has been 
reported unanimously by the Committee on ln- 
vaÄid Pensions. 
I expect this will be the last 
application' that I shall ever make to the House. 
Mr. SHERMAN. There are many such cases; 
and if I gavc way f6r them all, I might yield the 
whole day. If the gentleman is not going to stay 
here, he not entitled to have his bill passed. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. would 
inquire if the new kingdom will not provide for 
these old soldiers? [Laughter.] 
Mr. COBB. -I am ready to answer any ques- 
tions put to me in a proper manner; but I am not 
disposed this time to answer that question. 
CIVIL BILL. 
The question was taken on Mr. SHERMAN'S 
motion; and it was agreed to. 
The House accordingly resolved itself into the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union, (Mr. BURNETT in the chair,) and resumed 
the consideration of House bili No. 895, making 
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the 
Government for the year ending the 30th of June, 
1862. 
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill at 
the point where it. was left off when the bill was 
under consideration on Wednesday last. 
Mr.- QU ARLES. I move to strike out the 
following clause: 
For maintenance Of the vessel provided for by the act 
of 18th August, 1856, for inspection and transportation 
purposes, $30,000." 
And to insert in lieu thereof, the followirp: 
For inspection and transportation purposes, $5,000. 
Mr. Chairman, this appropriation seems to 
have been predicated upon a law which was en- 
acted at the first session of the 'Thirty-Fourth 
Congress, which is in these words: 
For providing a suitable vessel, and for maintaining 
the. same för one year in visiting the. lights and other aid* ; 
for inspections and delivery of supplies ; for placing and re- 
moving buoys ; and for the transportation of materials, sup- 
plies, and laborers; for constructing and repairing Ii"ht- 
houses on the Pacific coast, $60,000." 
That law, which has been reönacted every year 
since, with one exception, merely provides for 
the support of a vessel for one year. 
It was 
omitted entirely at the second session of the 
Thirty-Fifth Congress. 
It was renewed at the 
last session; but there is no earthly necessity for 
it now. At the time the law was first enacted, 
we were constructi1V lioht-houses at numerous 
points on the coast of California, and it was ne- 
cessary to have materials carried to them by this 
vessel. 
Now, I state here that the cost of the whole 
light-house system on the coast of California, 
Oi•egon, and Washington, amounts to $62,070; 
and we are asked to pay $30,000 a year to carry 
oil to the fifteen light-houses on that coast, and 
an inspector to thern once or twice a year ! 
in the natne of common sense, are we thus to 
squander the people's money? The law of 1856 
is not obligatory upon us now. It merely pro- 
vided that this vessel should be supported for one 
year, and contemplated its discharge from the 
public service at the end of that time. At the 
session of the ThirlrFourth Congress 
and at the first session of the ' Thirty-Fiftb Con- 
gross, thc same provision was passed, reducing 
the amount appropriated to $30,000 from $60,00Ö, 
the origina'l an-rount. At the short session the 
Tbirty-Fift.h Congress it was entirely ornit.ted, 
but nt last session it was renewed. The Con•)- 
mittee of Ways and Means geom to have acted 
upon the mistaken idea that there was an exist- 
ing law which required this appropriation. I ask 
if the professions of economy of these gentlemen, 
who are nowt about corning into power, were mere 
canvass economy? Will they sanction this squan- 
dering of the public money with the cry of econ- 
omy on their lips? I do trust that the comrnittce, 
in justicc to the Trcasury, and in justice to the 
country, will strike out the appropriation. The 
amonnt which I I think, 
ample for the 
Mr. Committee of ways 
and Means, at the last session of Congress, omit- 
ted this item; but the Senate inserted ii, and when 
it carne here, the House agreed to the mnend- 
ment of the Senate on a vote by the yeas and nays. 
I arn perfectly willing that the an-lendment of the 
shall be adopted ; but I have no doubt 
that t.hQ item will be put in by the Senate as an 
amendment to the bill, and that the House will 
agree to it. 
Mr. QU ARLES. Let us do our duty, and let 
the Senate attend to theirs. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The Clerk read the following clause: 
For lighting the Capitol and President's house, the 
public grounds around theun, and around the executive 
offices, Pennsylvania avenue, Bridge and High streets, 
in Georgetown, Four-arid-a-half, Seventh, and Twelt'th 
streets, across the Inall, $42,000." 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 move to amend that clause 
by striking out after the word " avenue," down 
to and including the word " mall," and by re- 
ducing the amount of the appropriation to $30,000. 
I objected to this appropriation at the last session 
of Congress; and the House then reduced it, or 
struck it out, I think, on the motion of the gen- 
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. CRAWFORD.] 
Mr. SHERMAN. rl'hc gentleman will per- 
ceive that tbc amount is now reduced. 
IS'1r. QUARLES. II is true that it is reduced 
to $42,000; but I do not think it incumbent upon 
the Federal Government to light up the streets of 
Washington and Georgetown. I do not think it 
incumbent upon us to assume the entire expendi- 
tures of the District of Columbia. I am. perfectly 
willing that Pennsylvania avenue, which leads- 
to the public buildings, should bc lighted by the 
Government; but do not see that it is incumbent 
upon us to light the streets of, Georgetown, and 
Four-and-a-half and Twelfth streets, in Wash- 
ington, any more than it is to light all the other 
streets of the two cities. As to Seventh street, 
it is suggested to me that that runs by two of the 
departments, and I am perfectly willing that it 
should be lio•hted, so that there may be access to 
the post omce at all times. But we ought to stop 
this system of lighting streets upon which there 
are no public buildings, and which do not adjoin 
the public grounds, or the entire District of Co- 
lumbia will be pensioned upon the Federal Treas- 
ury. It is fust getting to be so now. I can see 
no reason for it. None of our States pay for the 
lighting of their capital. 
ask the chairman 
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether 
the State of Ohio pays for lighting the streets of 
Columbus ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps my friend from 
Tennessee is not aware that this is simply for 
liohting the public grounds. These streets pass 
through certain malls or reservations, and this 
appropriation is only to pay for the cost of keep- 
ing up the licbts through these grounds. 
Mr. QUAiU,ES. I ask the gentleman from 
Ohio whether High street, in Georgetown, passes 
through any of the public grounds ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. No; but Pennsylvania av- 
enue and High street have always been lighted at 
theexpense of the Governmcnt. The othcrstrccts 
of which the gentleman complains, arc streets that 
cross the mall. 
I do not care whether the item 
be stricken out or not. We debated this same 
matter at the last session, and reduced the price 
of gas to a reasonable sum. 
Mr. QUARLES. Yes; butthe Senate restored 
the item which the House had stricken out. 
1 
insist on my amendment that this sum shall be 
reduced from $42,000 to $30,000. 
Mr. HUGHES. hope the committee will 
not adopt the amendment. The chairman of the 
Commit.tee of and Means has already 
stated all that perhaps ought to be stated to sat- 
isfy tl'kC committee that this amendment should 
not be adopted. He has stated that Four-arid-a- 
half street, Seventh street, and Twelfth street, 
across the mall, should be iiffhted at the expense 
of the Govern Inent. 
It is important 
that conunu nication between different parts of this 
city at night should be safe, 
It is not for the 
city to light these streets at their expense; be- 
cause they run through public grounds, and 
if they were not lighted by the Government, they 
would be left utterly in the dark. At this time 
when there are so many incendiaries about, it 
would be very unsafe for residents to cross the 
mall at night unless the streets were licrhted, as 
the havc been, and they are now. 
'I he question was taken on Mr. QUARLES 's 
amendment; and it was not agreed to. 
Mr. TRAIN. 1 the amend- 
ment, to come in after the one hundred and sev- 
enty.third line: 
For constructing the cellar in the northern part of the 
Patent Office building into offices and store-rooni*, and for 
putting iron around 
the. areas of the court-yard of said 
building, and tor flagging Lhe satnc, $12,000. 
That amendment is taken from the estimates 
of the Secretary of the Interior, and I leave it to 
the consideration of the committee. 
The question was taken; and the amendment 
was am•eed to. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by strik- 
ing out 40,000 in the one hundred and eightieth 
line, inserting in lieu thereof $75,000. This is 
in the item for collecting agricultural statistics, 
and cuttings and seeds. 
Mr. SHERMAN. the gentleman 
from Tennessee to make it $60,000, and we can 
have a vote on it in the House. 
Mr. MAYNARD. Verywell•, make it $60,000. 
Let the amendment be agreed to pro forma, and 
let us have a vote upon it in the House. 
T be amendment, as modified, was agreed to. 
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 desire to offer the follow- 
itw amendment, as an additional proviso: 
and provided further, That the propagating garden shall 
be discontinned, and the, cuttings, shrubs, and seeds con- 
neeted therewith transcerred to the botanic garden ; and 
no part of this appropriation *ball be expended in the erec- 
