338 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 11, 
strike at a crritory advancing in populatiön and Mt. QU ARLES. i move to amend by strik- 
{r perity, and needing these surveys, as New II ing out. cight and inserting in lieu thereof, 
so as to make the amount $4,800. 
. the Union as a state, as that seems the plan of II 
compromise agteed upon, the United States sur• 
veys ought to be carried on. The emicyration 
there demand that they should not be dimmished 
or suspended. The private land claims ought to 
be from the public lands. 
This appropriation of $10,000 is not enough 
for the surveys that are requiréd. Why, sir, un- 
less you make a sufficient appropriation, you 
might as well *abolish the offge of surveyor gen- 
era!. altogether. 
It takes more to keep him and 
his clerk in the Territory than it does to survey 
the land. If the surveys are to be continued, 
then the committee ought to adopt my amend- 
It provides the sum estimated by the De- 
men t. 
I do not really see what reason there 
partment. 
can be to reduce the estirnate for New Mexico, 
and not reduce that for Kansas and Nebraska. 
There is more land surveyed in these Territories 
than there is in New Mexico; and the emigration 
to New Mexico is double that to Kansas and Ne- 
braska. The settlers in the northern part of New 
Mexico are from the western States, and they 
demand that the lands shall be surveyed, so that 
they may locate them. I hope my amendment 
will be agreed to. 
Mr. QUARLES. The. gentleman is mistaken 
in one respect. There has been a pro rata reduc- 
tion on the estimates for California. Thirty 
thousand dollars was the estimate, and only 
$20,000 is provided for in t.he bill. The estimatc 
for New Mexico was $15,000, and that is reduced 
to $10,000. It seems, however, that there is no 
reduction in thc case of Kansas and Nebraska. 
When that appropriation is reached, any gentlc- 
man can move to reduce it. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways 
and Means have appropriated the same sum for 
New Mexico that was appropriated last year. 
No more was nskcd for Knnsas and Nebraska 
than wns appropriated in the previous bill. 
Mr. OTERO withdrew the amendment to the 
amendment. 
The question was taken upon Mr. OTERO'S 
amendment; and it was not ugn•ced to. 
The following clause being under consideration , 
For surveying the public lands in Washington Territory, 
at the rates now authorized by law, $15,000, 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, said: 1 move 
to. antend that clause by striking out $15,000," 
and insertin«r s' $20,000. " 
I move this amend- 
ment because $20,000 is the estimate of the De- 
partment, and I would ask the committec to rc- 
store that estimate. It is much less than the sum 
recommended by the surveyor general of that 
Territory. I x.vil\ not enlarge upon this matter; 
but inasmuch as the estimates of the Department 
are a very great reduction of the estimates of the 
surveyor general, arul inasmuch as the appro- 
priation has l)ecn very small fora period of years; 
and indeed, 
inas:nuch as for several years there 
were no appropriations, I hope my amendment 
will bc adopted. 
The Amendment was not agrccd to. 
The following clause being under consideration, 
For preparing the unfin ished rccords of' pu blic and pri vatc 
gutveyg, to be transferred to the Stat.e authorities, under the 
provisiona of the act of 12th of' June, 1840, in those dis- 
tricts where the-surveys are about being completed, per act 
of 2d of January, 1855, $8,800, 
Mr. QUARLES said: I rise merely for thc 
purpose of asking a question of the chairman of 
the- Committee of Ways and Means, for informa- 
tion. This clause is rather indefillite, and the 
amount appropriated seems to be very large. 
1 
desire to know what the records are which are 
required to be kept and preserved at an expense 
of $8,800 ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the law referred to 
in the bill, copies of ceruiin records of surveys 
are required to be transferred to the State author- 
ities of certain States. 
Mr. QU ARLES. Is this item estimated for 
by the Department, and was it supposed by the 
Committee of Ways and Means to have been 
properly estimated? Did the Committee suppose 
that the preparing and filing of these papers'would 
cost $8,000 a year ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. The estimate Depart- 
ment was $8,800, and the committee could not see 
that it was 100 much. 
The amendment was not agreed to. 
PORTER. 1 offer the following as an 
additional section: 
SEC. 2. ..4nd he it further enacted, That there be, and is 
hereby, appropriated in like manner, for the purpose of 
completing and providing the proper furniture Ior the ncw 
court-housc and post office at Indianapolis, Indiana, the 
sun) of $5,000. 
Mr. MAYNARD. As this is an old acquaint- 
ance, I raise a point of order upon it. 
Mr. ENGLISH. I submit that the amend- 
ment is strictly in order under the rule. 
It is to 
provide for a continuation of a public work, and 
for furnishing a Government building in Indian- 
apolis. 
The CHAIRMAN. The must overrule 
the point of order raised by the gentleman from 
Tennessee, as the amendment is for the contin- 
uation of an improvement already authorized by 
law. 
Mr. MAYNARD. we have a precedent to 
the contrary upon this vcr 
oint, and I believe 
the present Chairman decide/ it. 
Mr. PORTER. Mr. Chairman, 1 desire to say 
n few words in support of the amendment which 
I have offered. The Government has about com- 
pleted, at Indianapolis, at a cost of near one hun- 
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars, a building 
for the accommodation of the Federal courts 
which hold their sessions there, the post office, 
and the land offces. No provision has been made 
for supplying the building with the furniture need- 
ful to fit It for occupancy. 'The Secretary of the 
Treasury, in a Icttcr which I hold in my hand, 
states that 9.7ill be required to provide the 
necessary furniture. 
"I'he carcuit and district courts of the United 
Statcs, for t hc district of Indiana. hold their ses- 
sions at Indianopolis only; the only distributin& 
post ofiice of the State is there; and the land ofhcos 
of the State have bccn consolidated into tw•o, and 
are located there. 
I mention this to show the 
amount of furniture required , properly to supply 
thc building. 
The Government is now paying, in the way of 
rents, $900 per annum for a building for the post 
office, $200 for the marshal's and clerk's offices, 
and $500 for the land offices. T hc State is also 
setting up a claim for rent for apartments fur- 
nished for tho use of the Federal courts. 'I'hese 
expenses will be saved hereafter, by tho passace 
of the pending amendment. 
The amendment wus agreed to. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the committee 
rise, and report the bill to the House. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So thc conunittcc rose; and the Speaker hav- 
incr resumed tl'ie chair, M r. BURNETT reported 
that the Committee of the -Whole on the state of 
thc had, according to order, had the Union 
erally u Fi(lcr consideration, and particularly 
bill (I-I. R. No. 895) rnaking appropriations for 
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the 
year et'lding the 30th of June, 1862, and had di- 
rected him to report the same to the House, with 
surldry amendments, and with a recommendation 
that they do pass. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from con- 
necticut, [Nlr. L00MIs,] 1 bélieve, desires to offer 
his amendmml ill reference to marine hosnitals. 
With the understanding that that amendment is 
cull ti'le previous question upon the 
pending, 
bill and amendments. 
The several amendments recommended by the 
committec were agreed to in gross, with the ex- 
ccption of the followinff', upon which separate 
votes were asked: 
First amendment: 
raze l, line eleven, strike out $100,000," and insert 
$250,000 so that the clause will read : 
For continuing the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coast 
survey ot' United States, (including compensation ot• 
civilians engaged in the work, and excluding pay aud emol- 
tnncnts of oflieera of the Anny and Navy, and petty officers 
and rneu or the Navy eluployed on the work.) $230,000. 
Mr. QUARLES demanded the yeas and nays 
on the amendment; and also called for tellers on 
the yeas and nays. 
So. the ycas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the negative—yeas 41, nays 101; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Adraill, Aldrich, Alley. Ash}ey, Boeock, 
Brayton, Bumnton, Burch, Burnhatn, Carter. Coburn, John 
Cochrane, Dawes, Duel], Edwards, Eliot, Florence, Fos- 
ter, French, Garnett, Goocb, Grah.mn, Hindman, Hughes, 
Hmnphrey, DeWitt C. Leach, Longneckcr, Marston, Mc- 
Knight, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Perry, Rice, Sickles, 
Stanton, Stout, Tappan, Train, Waldron, VVebster, and 
Waodrnff—41. 
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, William C. Anderson, 
Avery, Babbitt, Barret, Deale, Binghaln, 
Blair, Blake, 
Bouligny, Branch, Brown, Burnctt, Butterfield, Care; , 
I John B. Clark Clemens, Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Da- 
vidson, John O. Davis, De Jarnette, Edgerton, Ed:nund- 
son, Ely, English, Etheridge, Fouke, Gartrell, Gilmer, 
Grow, Hale, I•.tåll, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hei- 
mick, Hill, Hoard, ilolman, William Howard, h•vihe, 
Jones, Junkin, Francis W. Kellotyg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Lar- 
rabee, James M. Leach, Lee, Logan, Loomis, Lovejoy, 
Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Maynard, MeKenty, McPher- 
son, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, 
Moorhead, Niblack, Nixon, Noell, Palmer, Pendleton, 
Pettit, Peyt.on, Phelps, Porter, Pottle, Pryor, Quarles, Ed- 
. Stewart, Stokes, 'I'hayer, Totnpkins, Trimble, Vallandig- 
ham, Vance, Van VV.vck, Verree, Wade, VVarton, FJilihn 
B. Washburne, Wells, Whitelcy,Wilson, and Wright—102. 
So the atnendment was not agreed to. 
During the call, 
Mr. HINDMAN said: [ am one of those who 
have always opposed appropriations of this cbar- 
acter, upon grounds of justice and expediency; 
but upon the present occasion it is my purpose to 
assist gentlemen upon the opposite Side in bank- 
rupting,as soon as possible, u Government whose 
purse and powers are soon to be used for the sub- 
jugation of my brethren of the South. 
I vote 
Mr. TRAIN stated that he was paired off with 
Mr. KUNKEL upon all political questions; but not 
considering this as in that category, he would vote 
ay." 
Mr. COX stated that his colleague, Mr. ALLEN, 
was called home by the death of his child. 
Mr. LEAKE and Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, 
severally announced that, had they been v.,'ithin 
the Hall when their names were called, they would 
have voted " no." 
Mr. IVIcKNIG1-1T stated that Mr. MILLWARD 
had paired off with Mr. HAWKINS until Tuesday 
vote was announced as above recorded. 
Second amendment: 
Page 3, strike out lines thirty-eight to forty-six inclusive, 
as ü)llows: Provided, *l'hat the Secretary of the Treas- 
ury is hereby authorized to rent cither of the several marine 
hospitals to the proper authorities of the cities, towns, or 
counties in which said hospitals are located, and contiaet 
with such nuthm•ities the relief of the Rick and disabled 
setuncn entitled to relict' tnldcr the act of3d of Allay, 1802; 
and ill eases of infectious diseases, to tnakc sucb regulations 
for their relief as he deenxs expedieht and insert, in lieu 
hereof, the following : 
Prouided, 'I'hat tile Secretary of the Interior is hereby 
authorized to lease or rent, for a tenn not exceeding four 
years, either of the marine hospitals, (where the whole 
number of sea:ncn adn)itted to such hospitals during tite 
last thrce years shall not have averaged fifty per year, and 
where a savin«v of Inoncv may be gnade to the Govennucnt 
and without detrirnent to the scamen entitled to reliet•,) to 
the proper authorities of' cities, towns, or or to 
private individuals, or associations, where such hospitals 
arc located, and to contract with such authorities, individ- 
uals, or associations, I-or the rcliefof such sick and disabled 
, scmncn entitlcd to relief under any laws of the United 
Stateg now in force; and in cases 01' infectious diseases to 
Inake such regulations their relict' as he deems expedi- 
Mr. VvTASH13URNE, of Illinois. The first 
question will be upon the amendment offered by 
the geotl(.nnan frotn Connecticut, [Mr. L00M1s,] 
if I understand it. 
If that is voted down, t 
tbc qucstion will bc on tho amendment reported 
by the Committee of the Whole on the state of 
the Union, to strike out the proviso in the ori- 
ginal bill. Am I right? 
The SPEAKER. That is correct, sir. 
Mr. SHERMAN. In to save vote, 1 
that, by unanimous consent, the proviso 
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means 
i be stricken out and that, proposed by the gentle. 
man from Connecticut be substituted for it. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. we had 
. better take the usual course. 
Mr. SHERMAN. very well. 
Mr. LOOMIS demanded the yeas and nays on 
his amendment. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. MCKEAN f I The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed 
and QUARLES were appointed. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— Messrs. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, and CRAIG, of 
ayes thirty-six, noes not counted. 
Missouri. 
