1861. 
THE CONGRØSSIONAL GLOBE. 
939 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes twelve; noes not counted. 
So the amendment was disagreed to. 
The question recurred on the amendment re- 
ported by the Committee of the Whole on the 
state of the Union—and on which a separate vote 
had been demanded—to strike out the followin& 
proviso in the original bill: 
Provided, That. the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby 
authorized to rent either of the several marine hospitals to 
the proper authoritics of the cities, towns, or counties in 
which said hospitals are located, and contract 'Nith such 
authorities for the relief of tho sick and disabled seamen 
entit}ed to relief under tlnc act of 3d of May, 1802 ; and in 
case of intoctious diseases, to nr,lke such regulations for 
their relief' as he deems expedient." 
Mr. SHERMAN dernanded the yeas and nays 
on the amendment; and called for tellers on the 
yeas and nays. 
Tellers were not ordered. 
The eas and nays were not ordered. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I desire the 
House to understand that if this amendment shall 
bc agreed to, these marine hospitals will remain 
as they now are; and sick and disabled searncn 
will be taken care of, as at present, by the Gov- 
ernment, and not be farmed out as paupers. 
Mr SHERMAN. 1 object to debate. 
Tellers were ordered on the amendment; and 
Messrs. MALLORY and ELY were appointed. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes 78, noes 46. 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and 
read a third time; and, being engrossed, it was 
accordingly read the third time. 
Mr. GARNETT demanded the yeas and nays 
on the passage of the bill. 
The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
The bill was passed. 
Mr. SHERMAN rnoved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider upon thc table. 
The latter motion was ao•reed to. 
PROPOSITION TO ADJOURN OVER. 
Mr. HOUS'L'ON. to make believe 
is generally called a privileged motion. I move 
that when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn 
to meet on Monday next. 
Tellers were ordered on the motion ;and Messrs. 
HOUSTON and SPAULDING werc appointed. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes forty-two, noes not counted. 
So the motion was disagreed to. 
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise for the, purpose of 
inoving that the House resolve it.sclf into the 
called, will be pressed without allowing oppor- 
tunity for general debate ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 understand that -it was 
agreed that that bill should be debated; at least, 
rny colleague, [Mr. BINGHAM,] who reported the 
bill said that it would be debated. 1 will say 
this, that after the Army and Navy appropria- 
tion bills have passed the House, I shall have 
nothing further to present to the House, and shall 
be disposed, so far as I am concerned, to allow 
general debate. 
Mr. HARDEMAN, (at three o'clock, p. m.) 
As we are going to meet to-morrow, I move that 
the House do now adjourn. 
STATE OF COUNTRY. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Before the House adjourns, 
I ask the privilege of presenting a memorial from 
citizens of signed by men of all 
, political parties—Democrats, Republicans, and 
Union men or national Americans. 
It is very 
numerously signed, and I think it ought to have 
the consideration of this body. I do not care 
about having it printed, but will move that it be 
refL•rred to the committee of thirty-three. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object to the reference of 
anything to the committee of thirty-three. 
IVII•. FLORENCE. Then 1 trust it may have 
the consideration of this body. The petition is 
very short, and asks the consideration of the Crit- 
tenden resolutions. 
It is from men of all parties 
in the city of Philadelphia, [Criés of "Order!" 
" Order! As such, I present it and ask that the 
sacre'd right of petition may be at least accorded to 
rny people. 
Mr. •LONGNECKER. Icall the gentleman to 
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to the 
reference of thepetition to the committee of thirty- 
Mr. FLORENCE. Then 1 ask that it may 
simply be read. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 object. 
The SPEAKER.. Then it cannot be received. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 desire that it may be 
printed. 
Mr. LONGNECKER. 1 call the gentleman 
to order. 
The SPEAKER. The petition may be pre- 
scnted under thc rules. That is all that can be 
done with it.. 
Mr. HARDEMAN. Is my motion in order? 
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is 
in order. 
Mr. HARDEMAN. Then the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania is clearly out of order. 
Mr. FLORENCE. The situation in which the 
country finds itself at this time has prompted the 
citizens of Philadelphia to ask that their voice 
Committee of the Whole on the statc of thc Union; 
but, before submitting that 'notion, I move that may be heard in the councils of the nation; [loud 
the naval appropriation bill be made the special I 
shouts of Order!" " Order!" ] and in fulfilling 
order. 
Mr. GARNETT. I risc to oppose the motion 
of the gentleman from Ohio. 
I do not mean to 
debate It, but merely to ask a question in regard 
to it. Every appropriation bill' thus far has been 
made a special order, and noopportunity has been 
given Cor general debate in the I-louse. 
I saw it, 
announced in the papers, the other day, that it is 
the determination of the party of which the gen- 
tieman is the leader that there shall be no general 
debate in this House. I shall be glad to know, 
if he feels himself at liberty to state it, whether 
that course is to be pursued in regard to all the 
bilks, or whether the minority upon this side of 
the House•are to be allowed an opportunity of 
presenting their views on the present state of-the 
country ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 answered that question 
the other day. I believe nobody in this House 
has ever resolved to cut off general debate; but I 
believe I can say that it is the general desire upon 
this side of the House to pass the ordinary appro- 
priation bills as speedily as possible, and send 
them to the Senate, and then to allow debate upon 
the reportofthe committee of thirty-three, upon 
I hope the Army and 
any subject whatever. 
Navy bilis will be sent to thc Senate before we 
comrnence general debate. That is all I desire. 
Mr. GARNETT. If will allow 
me, I will ask him whether, if the appropriation 
bills are passed, he will press no other bills for 
action without general debate? whether, for in- 
stance, the force bill, as I believe it is generally 
11) y duty to them to-day, I present this paper. 
[Renewed cries of Order ! ' ' 
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the 
motion to adjourn; and no debate is in order. 
Mr. BURNETT. Before that motion is put, 
I desire to know if thc memorial has been re- 
ceived ? 
The SPEAKER It has not. 
MESSAGE FROM SENATE. 
A messa«e was received from the Senate by 
I Mr. Hit'KEY, its chief Clerk, informing the House 
that the Senate had passed, without amendment, 
House biH for the relief of Hockaday & Liggit. 
ADJOURNMENT OVER. 
The question was taken on the motion to ad- 
journ; and it was not agreed to. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 move that when the 
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday 
Mr. SHERMAN. That motion has just been i 
voted down. 
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order, if I 
the gentleman insists on it. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 do. There is 
necessity for our being in session to-morrow. 
The motion was not agreed to. 
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN. 
The question recurred on Mr. SHERMAN'S mo- 
tion to make the naval appropriation bill a special 
order in the Committee of the Whole on the state 
of the Union. 
Mr. CRAWFORD demanded 
nays. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 think it m•ust be obvious 
to the gentleman from Ohio that the course which 
he proposes, of making all the appropriation bills 
special orders, will postpone general debate for 
two or three weeks. I hope, therefore, the .Hpüse 
will refuse to make this a special Order. 
Mr. SHERMAN. We cun pass these two 
appropriation bills—the Army and, Navy—to-day 
and to-morrow; and next we can have general 
debate. 
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman from Ohio 
is very much mistaken, if he supposes we can 
get through them in that time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it is the more 
ant that we should go on to-day and get through 
all the work we can. 
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now 
adjourn . 
Phe motion was not agreed to. 
The yeas and nays were ordered on Mr. SHER- 
MAN'S motion. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the amrmative—yeas 103, nays 36; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, William 
C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, ncatc, Binghatn, Blair, 
Blake, Brayton, Buffn•ton, Burlingame, Burnham, Buttcr- 
field, Carey, Clenvens, Cobb, Coburn, Colfax, Covode, Cox, 
John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Due'll, Edgerton, Edwards, 
Eliot, Ely, Etheridgc, 
Foster, Fouke, Frank, French, 
Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, John T, Harri*, 
Hatton, Ilchnick, Ilicklnan, Hoard, Holman, Hutchins, 
Irvine, Junkin, Kenyon, Kilgore, Larrabec, DeWitt C. 
Leach, Lee, Logan, Longneclker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mars- 
ton, Charles D. Martin, McKean, McKenty, McKnight, 
McPherson, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, Nixon, Olin, 
Palmer, Pendleton, Perry, Pettit, Peyton, Porter, Pottle, 
Edwin R. Rcynolds, Rice, Rings, James C. Robinson, 
Royce, Scranton, Sedgwick, Shonnan, Spaulding, Spinner, 
Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Tompkins, 
'I'raill, 'I'rirnble, Vandevcr, Vail Wyck, Verrce, Wdde, 
Waldron, I'Va}ton, Ellihu B. Washburne, Webster, Wells, 
and Woodruff—IU3. 
NAYS—Messrs. Avery, Doeock, Branch, Brown, Bur- 
nett, John B. Clark, John Cochrane, Crawford, De Jarnette, 
Edmundson, English, Florence, Garnett, Gartrell, Hill, 
Ilindman, Willimn Iloward, Jenkins, Jones, Kunkel, Lan- 
drum, Leake, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, Montgomery, 
Niblack, Nocll, Pryor, Quarleg, Reagan, Rust, Simms, 
William N. H. Slnitb, Stevenson, Vance, and Wright—36. 
So the naval appropriation bill was made the 
special order in the Committee of the Whole on 
the state of thc Union. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move. now that the rules 
be suspended, and that the House resolve itsélf 
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of 
the Union. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the rules were, suspended; and the House 
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole 
on the statc of thc Union, (Mr. COLFAX in the 
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration, as a 
special order, of House bill No. 914, making 
appropriations for the naval service for the year 
ending 30th June, 1862. 
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection, 
the first reading of the bill will be dispensed with, 
and the bill will be read by clauses for amend- 
•ment. 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 object. 
The bill was read a first time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 suppose the committee 
might as well rise now, I make that motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker havin'Y 
resumed the chair, Mr. COLFAX reported that the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union 
had had under consideration, as a special order, 
House bill No. 914, making appropriations for the 
naval service for the year ending 30th June, 1862, 
and had come to no conclusion thereon. 
JEREMIAII PENDERGAST. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of 
the Whole House from the further consideration 
of Senate. bill No. 144, for the relief of Jeremiah 
Pendei•gast, of the District of Columbia, and put 
it upon its passage. It is a very meritorious bill, 
being for the benefit of an old soldier, who is 
lying sick, and suffering from want, in this city. 
There no objection, the Committee of the 
Whole House was discharged from the further 
consideration of the bill; and the House pro- 
ceeded to consider it. The bill direets -the Secre- 
tary of the Interior to place thername of Jerémiah 
Pendergaston the pension roll at the rate of eight 
dollars per month, from the-4th September, 18.56, 
