342 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 12, 
agöression and influence; the Other, exemption 
from domestic tyranny and sedition. 
Foreign wars come from either violations of 
tteaties or domestic violence. The- Union has, 
thus far, proved: itself an almost perfect shield 
acrainst such wars. The United StateS, continu- 
ally enlarging their diplomatic acquaintance, have 
now treaties with Ffance, the Netherlands, Great 
Britain, Sweden, Prussia,' Spain, Russia, Den- 
mark, Mexico, Brazil, Austria, Turkey, Chili, 
Siam, - Muscat, Venezuela, Peru, GreeCe, Sar- 
dinim Ecuador, Hanover, Portugal, New Gran- 
add, Hesse Cassel, Wti•temburg, China, Bava- 
ria, Saxony, Nassau , Switzerland, Mecklcn burg- 
Schwérin, Gliåtemala, the Hawaian Islands, San 
Salvador, Borneo, Costa Rica, Peru, Bremen, 
the Argentine' Confederation, Loo Choo, Japan, 
Brmiswick, Persia, Baden, Belgium, and Para- 
guay. Nevertheless, the Unite-d States, within 
their entire existence under the Federal Constitu- 
tion, have had flagrant wars with only four States, 
two of which were insignificant Powers, on the 
coast of Barbary, and have had direct hostilities, 
amounting to reprisals, acrainst only two 01' three 
more; and they are now at peace with the wholc 
world. Ifthe Union should be divided into only 
two Confederacies, each of them would need to 
make as many treaties as we have now; and, of 
course, would be liable-to as many causes 
of waf as _we now do. But we know, from the 
sad experience of other natipns, that disinterra- 
tionj once begun, inevitably continues until even 
the greatest empire crumbles into many parts. 
Each Confederation that shall ultimately arise out 
of the min of the Union will have necessity for 
as many treaties as we now have, and will Incur 
liabilitiés for war as often as we now do, by 
breaking them. It is the multiplication of treaties, 
and the want of confederation, that makes wrar 
the normal condition of society in Western 
Etu•opc and in Spanish America. 
It is union 
that, notwithstand ing oar world -wide i n tercou tse 
makcs peace the habit of the American people. 
I will not descend so low as to ask whcthcr new 
confederacies would be able or willing to bear 
the grievous expense of maintaining the diplo- 
matic relations which cannot be dispensed with 
except by withdrawing from foreign commerce. 
Our Federal Government is better able to avoid 
givine.r just causes of '*ar than scvcral confedera- 
cics, because it can conform the action of ali the 
Statos to compacts. 
It can have only one con- 
struction, and only one tribunal to pronounce that 
construction, of every treaty. Local and tempo- 
rar',r interests and passions, or personal cupidity 
and ambition, can drive small confederacies 
States more casily than a great Republic into in- 
discreet violations of treaties. 
The United States bcingagreatand formidable 
Power, can illways secure favorable and satisfac- 
Indeed, every treaty we have was 
tory treaties. 
voluntarily made. Small confedcracies or States 
must take such treaties as they can get, and give 
whatever treaties arc exacted. A humiliating, or 
even an unsatisfactory treaty, is a chronic cause 
of foreign war. 
Thc chapter of wars resulting froin unjustifi- 
ablc causes would, in case of division, amplify 
itself in proportion to the ntuubcr of new con- 
fcderacies and their 
irritability. Our disputes 
with Great Britain about Oregon, thc boundary 
of MaiNe, the patriot insurrection in Canada, and 
the Island Of San Juan; tho border strifes be- 
tween Texas and :Mexico, the incursions of the 
late William Walker into Mexico and Central 
America; all these were cases in which war was 
prevented only by the imperturbability of the 
Federal Government. 
' r his Government not only gives fewer causes 
of war, whether just or unjust, than smaller con- 
federacies would; but it always has a greatcr 
ability to accommodate them by the exercise of 
more coolness and courage, the use of more vari- 
ous and morc liberal means, and the display, if 
need bc, of greatcr force. Every one knows how 
placable we ourselves arc in controversies with 
Great Britain, France, and Spain; and yet how 
wre have been in our intercourse with 
New Granada, Paraguay, and San Juan de Nic- 
aracrua. 
all the materials and all the forces (if •the several 
States; organizes their defenses on one general 
principle;-harmonizcs and assimilates them with 
onc system; watches for them with a single eye, 
which it turns in all directions, and moves all 
agents under the control of one executive heäd. 
A nation so constituted is safe against assault or 
even insult. 
War produces always a speedy exhaustion of 
money and a severe strain upon credit. The 
treasuries and credits of small confederacies would 
often prove inadequate. Those of the Union are 
always ample. 
I have thus far kept out of view the relations 
which must arise between the confederacies them- 
selves. They would be small and inconsiderable 
nations bordering on each other, and therefore, 
according to all political philosophy, natural ene- 
mies. In addition to the many treaties which each 
must make with foreign Powers, and the causes 
of war which they would give by violating them, 
each of the confederacies must also maintain 
treaties with all the others, a•nd so be liablc to give 
them frequent offense. They would necessarily 
have different interests resulting from their cstab- 
lishment of different policies of revenue, of min- 
in«r, Inanufactures, and navigation, of immim•a- 
tion, and perhaps the slave trade. Each would 
stipulate with foreign nations for advantages 
peculiar to itself and injurious to its rivals. 
If, indeed, it were necessary that the Union 
should be •broken up, it would be in the last de- 
gree important that the new confederacies to be 
formed should be as nearly as possible equal in 
strength and power, that mutual fear and mutual 
respect might inspire them with caution acainst 
mutual offense. But such equality could not long 
be maintained; onc confederacy would rise in 
the scale of political importance, and lhc othcrs 
woul(l view it thenceforward with envy and ap- 
prehension. Jealousies would bring 01) frequent 
and retaliatory wars, and all these wars, from 
the peculiar of the confederacies, 
would have thc nature and character of civil 
war. Dissolution, therefore, is, for the people of 
this country, perpetuat civil war. To niitigatc it, 
and obtain occasional rest, what else could they 
acccpt but the system of adjusting the balance df 
power which has obtained in Europe, in which 
the few strong nations dictate the very terms on 
which all the others shall bc content to live. 
When this hateful system should fail at last, for- 
ei•n nations would intervene, now in favor of one 
and then in aid of another; and thus our country, 
having cxpelled all European Powcrs from the 
continent, would relapse into an aggregated form 
of its colonial cxperience , and , like Italy, Turkey, 
India, and China, become the theater of transat- 
lantic intervention and rapacity. 
I r, however, wc grant to the now confederacies 
an exemption from cornplications amon-«y cach 
other and with foreign States, still there is too 
much reason to believe that not one of them could 
lone maintain a republican form of government. 
Universal suffrage and the absence of a st.and- 
ing aril) y are essential to the republican system. 
T hc world has yet to sec a singlc self-sustaining 
State of that kind, or even any confederation of 
such States, except our own. Canada leans on 
Great Britain not unwillingly, and Switzerland is 
guarantied by interested Inonarchical States. Our I 
own experiment has thus fat' becn successful; bo- 
cause, by the continual addition of new States, the 
influencc of cach of the nM2mbers of the Union is 
constantly rcstraincd and reduced. No one, of i 
course, can foretell the way and manner of travel ; 
but history indicates with unerring certainty the I 
end which thc several confederacies would 
Secondly. The disunion movementarises partly 
qut ofa dispute over the common domain of the 
United States. Hitherto the Union has confined 
this controversy within the bounds of political 
debate by referring it, with alt other national ones, 
to the arbitrament of the ballot-box. Does any 
one suppose that disunion would transfer the 
whole domain to either party, or that any other 
umpire than war would, after dissolution, be 
invoked ? 
Thirdly. This movement arises, in another 
view, out bf the relation of African slaves to the 
domestic population of the coun try. Freedom is 
to them, as to all mankind, the chief object of 
desire. Hitherto, under the operation of the 
Union, they have practically remaSned ignorant 
of the controversy, especially of its bearing on 
themsel ves. Can we hope that flagrant civil war 
shall rage among ourselves in their very presence, 
and yet that they will remain stupid and idle spec- 
tators? Does history furnish us any satisfactory 
instruction upon the horrors of civil war. among 
a people so brave, so skilled in arms, so earnest 
in conviction, and so intent in purpose, as we are ? 
Is it a mere chimera whibh suggests an aggrava- 
tion of those horrors beyond endurance when, on 
cither side, there shall occur the intervention 01 
an uprising ferocious African slave population 01 
four, or six, perhaps twenty million? 
T hc opinions of mankind change, and with them 
the policies of nations. One hundred years 
all the commercial European States were encaged 
in transferring negro slaves from Africa to this 
hemisphere. To-day all those States are firtnly 
set in hostility to the extension and even to the 
practice of slavery. Opposition to it takes two 
forms: one European, which is simple, direct ab- 
olition, effected, if need bc, by compulsion; the 
other A Inerican, which seeks toarrest the African 
slave trade. and resist the entrance of domestic 
slavery into Territories where it is yet unknown, 
while it leaves the disposition of existing slavery 
to the considerate actton of the States by which 
it is retained. It is the Union that restricts the 
opposition to slavery in this country within thcse 
limits. Ifdissolution prevail, what guarantee shall 
there be against the full development here of the 
fearful and uncompromising hostility to slavery 
w hich elsewhere pervades the world, and of which 
tbc recent invasion of Virginia was an illustra- 
lion ? 
Mr. President, I have designedly dwelt so long 
on tl'le probable effects of disunion upon the safety 
of the American people as to leave me little time 
to consider the other evils which must follow i). 
its train. But practically, the loss of safety in 
volvcsevery otherform of public calamity. When 
once the guardian angel has taken flight, every 
thing is lost. 
Dissolution would not only arrest, but extin- 
guish the greatness of our country. Even if sep- 
urate confederacies could exist and endure, they 
could severally preserve no share of the common 
prestige of the Union. 
If the constellation is to 
be broken up, the stars, whether scattered widely 
apart or grouped in smaller clusters, will thcnce- 
forth shed forth feeble, glimmering, and lurid 
lights. Nor will great achievemel')ts be possible 
for the new confederacies. Dissolution would 
signalize its triumph by acts of wan tonness which 
would shock and astound the world. It would 
provincialize Mount Vernon and give this Capi- 
tol over to desolation at the very moment when 
thc dome is rising over our heads that was to be 
crowned with the statuc of Liberty. • After this 
there would remain for disunion no act of stupen- 
dous infamy to be committed. No petty confed- 
eracy that shall follow the United States can pro- 
Licentiousness would render life intolerable; and long,orevenrcncw, the majesticdrama of national 
they would sooner or later purchase tranquillity progress. Perhaps it is to be arrested because its 
and domestic safety by the surrender of liberty, sublimity is incapable of continuance. Let it be 
and yield themselves up to the protection of md- 
so, if we have indced become. degenerate. After 
Washington, and the inflexible Adams, Henry, 
itary despotism . 
Indulge me, sir, in one or tv„ro details under this and the peerless Hamilton, Jefferson, and the ma- 
head. First, it is only sixty days since this dis- 
I jestic Clay, Webster, and the acute Calhoun, 
union movement began; already those who are Jackson, the modest Taylor, and Scott, who rises 
eno•agcd in it have canvassed with portentous free- 
in greatness under the burden of years, and Frank- 
dom the possiblc recom bi nations ofthe States when 
fin, and Fulton, and Whitney, and Morse, have 
dissevered, and thc feasible alliances of those re- i all performed their parts, let the curtain fall ! 
combinations with European nations; alliances as While to these debates, I have some- 
-Mr. President, no onc will dispute our fore- unnatural, and which would prove ultimately as 
times forgotten myself in marking their con trasted 
fathers' maxim, that the common safety of is pestilential to society here as that of the T lasca- effects upon the page who customarily stands on 
I lans with the Spaniard, \.vho promised them re- 
the safety of each of the States. While they re- 
the dais before me, and the venerable Secretary 
main united, the Federal Government combines venge upon their ancient enemies, the Aztecs. 
II who sits behind him. The youth exhibits in- 
