1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
343 
tense but pleased emotion in the excitement, while 
at every irreverent word that is uttered against 
the Union the eyes of the aged rnan are suffused 
•vvith tears. Let him weep no more. Rather 
rejoice, for yours has been a lot of rare felicity. 
You have seen and been a part of all the great- 
ness of your country, the towering nutional great- 
ness of all the world. Weep only you, and weep 
with a". the bitterness of anguish, who arc just 
stepping oo the t.tzresbold of life; for that gt:eat- 
ness perishes prematurely and exists not for you, 
nor for me, nor any that shall come after us. 
The public prosperity! how could it survive 
the storm? Its elements are industry in the cul- 
ture of every fruit; mining of all the metals; com- 
merce at home and on every sea; material im- 
provemcnt that knows no obstacle and has no 
end; invention that ranges throughout the domatn 
of nature; increase of knowledge as broad as the 
human mind can explore; perfection of art. as 
high as Inuuan genius can reach; and social re- 
finement workino• for lhe„ renovation of the world. 
How could our successors prosecute these noble 
objects in the midst of brutalizing civil conflict? 
What guaraptees will capital invested for such 
purposes have, that will outweigh the premium 
offered by political and military ambition? What 
leisure will the citizen find for study, or invention, 
or art, under the reign of conscription; nay, what 
in ecrcst in them will society feel when fear and 
hate shall have talccn possession of the national 
mind? Let the mincr in California take heed; for 
its goldcn wealth will become the prizeof the na- 
tion that can command the most n•on. Let the 
borderer takc care; for the Indian will again lurk 
around his dwelling. Let the pioneer come back 
into our denser settlements; for thc railroad, the 
post road, and the telegraph, advance not one fur- 
long further into the wilderness. Witli standing 
zu•lhics consuming the substancc of our people on 
the land, and our Navy and our postal steamers 
withdrawn from the ocean, who will protect or 
respect, or who will even know by name our petty 
confederacies? 'Ehe American man-of-war is a 
I have seen it enter an ancient 
noble spectacle. 
port in the Mediterranean. Ail the world won- 
dered at it, and talked of it. Salvos of artillery, 
from forts and shipping in the harbor, saluted its 
flag. Princes and princesses and merchants paid 
it. homage, and all tbc people blessed it as a har- 
binger of hope for their own ultimate freedom. I 
imao•ine now the same noble vessel again enter- 
The occasion is the election a President of 
the United States, who is unacceptable to a por-• 
I state the case accurately. 
tion of the people. 
There was no movement of disunion before the 
ballots which expressed that choice were cast. 
Disunion began as soon as the result was un- 
I nounced. The justification it assigned was that 
Abraham Lincoln had been elected, while the sus- 
ccss of either one of three other candidates would 
have been acquiesced in. Was the election ille- 
Is the candidate 
(Val? No; it is unimpeachable. 
personally offensive? No; heis aman of unblem- 
1Shed virtuc and amiable manners. Is an election 
of President an unfrequent or extraordinary trans- 
action? No; we never had a Chief Magistrate 
otherwise designated than by such election, and 
that form ot• choicc is renewed every four years. 
Does anv onc even propose to change the mode 
of appointing tho Chief Magistrate? No; election 
by universal suffrage, as modified by the Consti- 
tutioh, is the one crowning franchise of the Amcri- 
can people. To savcitthey would defy the world. 
Is it apprehendcd thatthc new President will usurp 
despotic powers.' No; while he is of all men the 
most unambitious, hc is, by the partial success of 
those who opposed his election, subjected to such 
rcstraints that he cannot, without their consent, 
appoint a minister or even a policc agent, ncoo• 
tiate a treaty, or procure the passage of a law, and 
can hardly draw a musket from the public arse- 
nals to defend his owrn person. 
What, then, is the ground of discontent? It is 
that the disunionists did not accept as conclusive 
the arguments whicl'i were urged in behalf of the 
successful candidate in the canvass. This is all. 
W cre their own arguments against him more sut- 
isfactory to his supporters? Of course they were 
not; they could not be. Does the Constitution, 
in letter or spirit, require or imply that the argu- 
ments of onc party• shall be satisfactory to the 
other? No; that is impossible. What is the con- 
stitutional remedy for this inevitable dissatisfac- 
tion? Renewed debate and ultimate rehearing in 
a subsequent election. r Have the successful 
majority perverted power to purposes of oppres- 
sion? No; they havc never before held power. 
! I Alas ! how prone we are to undcrvaluc privileges 
ing the same haven. The flag of thirty-three stars 
and thirtcen stripes has been hauled down, and 
in its place a signal is up, which flaunts the 
device ofa lone star or a palmetto tree. Men ask, 
Who is the stranger that thus steals into Our 
waters?" The answer contemptously given is, 
She comes from one of the obscure republics of 
North America. Let her pass on." 
Lastly, '_)ublic liberty, our own peculiar libcrty, 
, and then ceasc to live. 
And such a liberty! free movement cvorywhere 
through our own land und throughout the world; 
free speech, free press, free suffrage; the freedom 
of' every subiect. to on every law, and for or 
twainst every acrent who expounds, administers, 
or executes. Unstable and jealous confederacies, 
constantly apprehending assaults without and 
treason within, formidable only to each other and 
contemptible to ail beside: how long will it be be- 
fore, on the plea of public safety, they will sur- 
render all this inestimable and unequaled liberty, 
and accept the hateful and intolerable espionage 
and blessings. How gladly, how proudly, would 
the people of any na!ion in Europe accept, on 
such terms as we enjoy it, the boon of electing a 
Chief Magistrate every four years by free, equal, 
and univcrsal suffrage! How thankfully would 
they cast aside all their own systems of govern- 
ment, and accept this Republic of ours, with all 
its shortcomin as and its disappoin tmen ts, maintain 
il with their arms, and cherish it in their hearts. 
Is it not the very boon for which tl'ley supplicate 
God without ceasinc, and even wa(re war, with 
intermissions only resulting from exhaustion? 
How stran«re are the times in which we live! The 
coming spring season, on one side of the Atlantic, 
will open on a general conflict, waged to obtain, 
through whatever indirection, just such a system 
as ours; alid on this side of the Atlantic, within 
the same paraklels of latitude, it will open on 
fraternal war, waged in a moment of frenzied 
discontent to overthrow and annihilate the same 
institutions. Do men, indeed, live only for them- 
selves, to revenge their own wron«s, or to gratify 
their own ambition? Rather do not men live 
least of all for themselves, and chiefly for pos- 
terity and for their fellow-men ? Have the Amer- 
ican people, then, become all o? a sudden unnat- 
ural , as wellas unpatriotic? and will they disinherit 
their children of the precious estate held only in 
And now, Mr. President, what is the cause for trust for thern, and deprive the world of the best 
this sudden and eternal sacrifice of so much safety, hopes it has enjoyed since the human race began 
greatness, happiness, and freedom? Have foreign its slow and painful, yet needful and wisely- 
nations combined, and are they coming in rage appointed pro=rcss? 
upon us? No. So far from beilp enemies, there Here I might close my plea for the American 
is not a nation on earth that is not an interested, Union; but. it is hecessary, if not to exhaust the 
admiring friend. Even the London Times, by no argu ment, at least to exhibit the whole case. The 
disunionists, consciously unable to stand on their 
" tt is quite possible that the problem of a democratic merc disappointment in the recent election, have 
republic may be solved by its overthrow in a f'ew days ina attempted to enlarge their ground. More than 
thirty years there existed a considerable— 
spirit of {'oily, selfishness, and short-sightedness." 
though not heretofore a formidable—mass of citi- 
or oppressive, or even rworous or unsound? Has zens in certain States situate near or around the 
the Constitution lost its spirit, and all at once deita of tl'ie Mississippi, who believe that the 
collapsed into a lifeless letter? No; the Federal Union is less conducive to the welfare and great- 
ness of those States than a smaller confederacy, 
Government smiles more benignantly, and works 
embracing only slave States, would be, This 
to day more beneficently than ever. The Consti- 
class has availed itself of the discontents result- 
tution is even the chosen model for the I 
ing from the election to put into operation the 
tion of the newly rising confederacies. 
machinery of dissolution long a-oo prepared- and 
waiting only fi)r occasion. In otter States there 
is a soreness because of the want of sympathy 
in the free States with the efforts of slaveholders 
for the recapture of fugitives from servicm -'In -all 
the slave States there is a restiveness.resulting 
from the resistance which has been so determ- 
inedly made within the lust few years, in thefree 
States, to the extension of slavery in the common 
Territories of the. United States. The Republiéan 
party, which cast its votes for the successful pres- 
Idential candidate on the ground of that policy, 
has been allowed, practically, no representation, 
no utterance by speech or through the press, in 
the slave States; while its policy, principles, und 
sentiments, and even its temper, have been so 
misrepresented as to excite apprehensions that it 
denies important constitutional obligations, and 
ai ms even at interference with slavery and its over- 
throw' by State authorities or intervention of the 
Federal Government. Considerable masses oven 
in the free States, interested in the success of these 
misrepresentations as a means of partisan-strat- 
egy, have lent their sympathy to th&party claim- 
ing to be aggrieved. While the result of the 
election brings the Republican party necessarily 
into thc foregroundin resisti ng disunion , the preju- 
dices against them which I have described have 
deprived them of the coöperation of many good 
and patriotic citizens. On a complex issue be- 
tween the Republican party and the disunionists, 
although it involves the direst national calamities, 
the result might be doubtful: for the Republican 
party is weak in a large part of the Union. But 
on a direct issue, with all who cherish the Union 
on one side, and all who desire its dissolution by 
force on the other, the verdict would be prompt 
and almost unanimous. I desire thus to simplify 
the issue, and for that purpose to separate from 
it all collateral qucstions, and relieve itofall par- 
tisan passions and prejudices. 
I consider the idea of the withdrawal of the 
Gulf States, and their permanent reorganization 
with or without others in a distinct Confederacy 
as a means o? advantage to themselves, so cer- 
tainly unwise and so obviously imposiiblc of ex- 
ccution, when the purpose is understood, that I 
dismiss it with the discussion I have already 
incidentally bestowed upon it. 
The case is different, however, in regard to the 
other subjects which I have brought in this con- 
nection before the Senate. 
Beyond a doubt, Union is vitally important to. 
the Republican citizens of the United States; but 
it is just as important to the whole people. Re- 
publicanism and Union are, therefore, not con- 
vertible terms. Republicanism is subordinate to 
Union, as everything else is and ought to be— 
Republicanism, Deniocracy, every other politi- 
cal name and thing; all are subordinate—and 
they ought to disappear in the presence of the 
great question of Union. So far as 1 am con- 
cerned, it shall be so; it should be so if the 
question were sure to be tried as it ought only 
to be determined, by the peaceful ordeal of the 
It shall bc so all the more since there 
ballot. 
is on one side preparedness to refin• it to the arbi- 
tramcnt of civil war. I have such fait.h in this 
republican system ot• ours, that there is no polit- 
icai good which I desire that i am not content to 
seek through its peaceful forms of administration 
without invoking revolutionary action. If others 
shall invoke that form of action to oppose and 
overthrow Government, they shall not, SD far as 
it depends on me, have the excuse that obsti- 
natcly left myself to be misunderstood. In such 
a case I can affotd to meet prejudice with concil- 
iation, exaction with conccssjon which surren- 
ders no principle, and violence with the right hand 
of peace. Thereforevsir, so far as the abstract 
question whether, by the Constitution of the Uni• 
ted States, the bondsman, who is made such by 
the laws of a State, is still a man or only prop- 
erty,i answer that, within that State, its laws on 
that subject are supreme; that when he has es- 
caped from that State into another, the Constitu- 
tion regards him asa bondsman who may not, by 
any law' ot• regulation of that State, be discharged 
from his service, but.shali be delivered up,on claim, 
to the party to whom his service is due. While 
prudence and justice would combine in persuad- 
ing you to modify tbe acts of Congress on that 
subject, so as not to oblige private persons to as. 
sist•iu their execution, and to protect freemen from. 
