346 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 12, 
SHERMAN. Now 1 call for the question 
on. my motion that the House resolvc itself into 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union. 
The question was put; and the motion was 
agreed to. 
The House accordingly resolved itself into the 
Committee of t.he Whole on the state of the Union, 
(MreCOLFRX in the chair,) and resumed thec n- 
sideration of the 
NAVY APPROP!UA'TION BILL. 
The- Clerk read- the first clause of the bill. 
Mr. COX obtained the floor, and indicated a 
purposcvto make a- speech. 
Mr. BURNETT. Before the gentleman from 
Ohio procecds, I think it wise to submit a ques- 
tion to the Chair. 
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill is aspecial order, 
and debate must be confined to the Incrits of thc 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 want to make an inquiry 
.of the Chair. A gentleman on the floor attempted 
to make a spcech a day or two acro, and was cut 
off almost as soon as he commenced. Now, I 
want 
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless my colleague speaks 
to thc merits of thc bill, I must object. He can- 
not indulge in general debate. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire to ask the Chair 
whethe.c,. in this hour's debate, it would be in 
for•me, or any other gentleman upon this 
flböi•, to make a speech upon the present aspect 
of the political questions of this country, all of 
which would go to show that thcre ought not to 
bc any appropriation made for naval purposes by 
this Contrress ? 
ThcCfiAIRMAN, The Chairthinksnot. The 
rule adopted last session in reference to makincr 
special orders of appropriation bills reads as fol- 
lows: 
" In the Comtnittcc of tbc Whole on the state of the 
Union debate upon special orders shall bc confined 
strictly to the :neasure under consideration," 
That was intended to change the old rule, which 
allowed unlimited dcbate; and therefore, the Chair 
thinks no 'debate will be in ordcr, unless it is di- 
rectcd to the particular merits of the appropria- 
tions contained in this bill. Debatc as to whether 
there should be any appropriations ut all in thc 
Navy bill would not be in order. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose it is understood 
that, after the appropriation bills arc passed, the 
widest latitude of' debate will be permitted. That 
will probably be after Monday next. 
Mr. COX. I will very frankly stato to the 
Chair that my object was to indulge in general 
debate. I did not intend to speak to thc specific 
matter of the bill now under consideration. 
not want to enter upon and leave any 
portion of it not delivered, and therefore I would 
like the scnsc of thc House upon this question 
before I coli) mence. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would like to 
gratify the gentleman from Ohio; but tbc word 
strictly" being used in this rule for tho pur- 
pose of changing the old practice of allowing the 
widest latitude of debate, the rule must be tt(hnin- 
istere(i strictly. The only way the Chair can sub- 
mit the question to the House, is l)Ythe gentleman 
from Ohio appealing from the decision of the 
Chair, 
Mr. COX. I will not take an appeal in my 
own case, though in another case I would. -I 
therefore yield the floor, and will avail rnysclf of I 
another opportunity when this discussion will be 
in order. 
Mr. BURNETT. Now, 1 will say to the Chair 
that I desire to rnakc a speech, addressing itself 
to the aspect of the political affairs and condition 
of the country generally; and I desire, before I 
commence, to ask the Chair whether I shall bc 
permitted to do so. And I want to state to thc 
.House that my argument will go to the whole 
merits of this *bill. My object will be to show 
that the Army and Navy are, as I believe from 
present movements, to bc used for the purpose of i 
coercion against a portion of the States which 
have recently been in this Confederacy , but which , 
by their action, have placed themselves out of it; 
and believing that to be case, want to make an 
arcrument to show that no appropriation ought to i 
be made, either for the Army or the Navy, for I 
such a purpose. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 make the point of order, 
that such- a speech would not be in order, because 
it is not-germane to this bill. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to 
the gentlemen from Ohio and Kentucky, that he 
sustains the point of order made by the gentleman 
from Ohio, and for this reason: that were the 
construction to be placed upon the rule which the 
gentleman from Kentucky desires, the rule would 
be mere surplusage. That was the old •rule, which 
this rule was intended to change. Therefore the 
Chair decides that general debate is not in order. 
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal from the decision 
of the Chair. 
T hc question was put, Shall the decision of 
the Chan• stand as the judgment of the commit- 
And it was decided in the affrmative. 
So thc decision of the Chair •wras sustained. 
The Clerk read the next clause of the bill, as 
follows: 
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty odiccrs 
and scalncn, including the engineer corps of the Navy, 
$4,438,577." 
Mr. PRYOR. 1 move to strike out the lines 
seven, eight, nine, and ten, including the chief 
appropriation to the naval service. 
Mr. Chairman, so long as the American Navy 
was engaged in the lawful and beneficent enter- 
prise of p-rotecting tbc interests of commerce, cn- 
larging the boundaries of discovery, and main- 
taininx the honor of our flag against foreign at- 
tack, I voted toaccord it a generous support. But 
now, sir, when it is to bc employed for the inhu- 
man purpose of subjugrating sovereign States, and 
imposing the yoke of miliiary despotism upon a 
people who arc guilty of no other crime than a 
gallant resistance to wrong and oppression, I 
would sink it in the abyss of ocean before I I 
would erant ita farthing. A bulwark of national 
defense, it invokes the nation's gratitude; the 
dread instru)nent of death and desolation in fratri- 
cidal strife, it deserves the nation 's execration. 
'l'o In y Illind, the n•ost disastrous portent •of 
these unhappy times is the obvious and absolute, 
prevalence of the military temper in the councils 
of the Administration. An imbecile Executive 
has fallen under 
the ascendency of an aspirino• 
soldier, and the country is ruled •by a " Mayor of 
the Palace.' 
The arts of statesmanship are no 
longer applied in the solution of political diflicul- 
ties; but the sword is cast into the balance of sec- 
tional controversy. Instead of messengers of con- 
g.iliation to a malcontent people, the Government 
dispatches men and munitions of '.var to constrain 
obedience to an obnoxious sway. Though no 
foreign fool treads the soil of America witli hos- 
tile •purpose, troops are distributed and concen- 
trated as if to repel imminent invasion. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Irise to point of order. 
I have listened to the remarks of the gentleman 
fron) Virginia, and I cannot see that they are in 
order. 
Mr. PRYOR. If gentleman will allow mc 
I will conclude in a inotnent. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope the gentleman will I 
confine his remarks to what is apt-n•opriate to his 
amendtnentr, and not. press them beyond that. 
[Mr. DAVIDSON, from Committee on 
Ern-ollcd Bills, here reported as truly enrolled an 
act the relief of Hockaday & Liggit; when 
the Speaker sixned the s:une.] 
The CHAIRMAN. Docs from 
Ohio ill.sist upon his point of order? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 waive it in hope that 
the gentlemaii fl•mn Virginia will confine his re- 
Inarks within what was understood to be the dc- 
cision of t.he Chair awhile ago. 
Mr. PRYOR. If the gentleman from Ohio v.'ill I 
allow me, I will confine myself rigorously and 
logically to tbe question raised by my amend- 
I was saying, Mr. Chairtnan, 
that al- 
though no foreign foot treads the soil of America 
wit.h unfriendly purpose, yet troops are distrib- 
u ted and concentrated as if to resist imminent in- 
vasion. Forts arc ryarrisoned with the avowed 
purpose of overawinc sovereign States; and, even 
In this District, masses of mercenaries are ac- • 
cumulating to inaugurate the President of the 
people in blood. A salutary principle of an- 
tique liberty forbade the presence of a commis- 
sioned general within the walls of Rome; but this, 
along Witt) all other maxims of republican free- 
dom, is banished from the councils of this most 
detestable Administration. 
Sir, as I am restricted within the limits of de- 
bate pertinent to the amendment 1 have proposed, 
I will conclude by availing myself of the occasion 
to cive warning to the people of Virginia that a 
plan is maturing, and preparations are making, to 
subject them to- Federal tyranny by the compul- 
Sion of force, and to implore them, by every con- 
sideration of safety and oi' honor to concert prompt 
and adequate measm•es of resistance. For myself, 
I will discharge my duty herb by opposing every 
appropriation for the support of an Army and 
Navy that are to be employed in this unhallowed 
enterprise. 
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Chairman, 1 should be 
unjust to myself; I believe I should be unjust 
to the people of Virginia, if the Inflammatory re- 
marks of my colleague passed this House unre- 
buked; and standing here, as I do, on terms of 
equality with him, representing a district which, 
in case of a conflict of arms, is thrown upon a 
defenseless border, I appeal to him to know 
whether— 
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Chairman, I call upon 
you to enforce thc rulcs of order upon that mem- 
ber from Virginia. You ruled my colleague [Mr. 
PRYOR and myself out of order. 
Mr. cKNIGHT. Turn about is fair play. 
I hope the gentleman from Virginia wili be allowed 
to proceed. 
Mr. GARNETT. Iknow thathe will receive 
aid from the Black Republicans; but I call him to 
order. 
Mr. PRYOR. My colleague will allow me a 
moment to make a sug«ycstion. If the House will 
do my colleague [Mr. 
the courtesy to 
let Iliin speak, and me the courtesy to allow me 
to reply to him, I shall be content. 
Mr. GARNETT. I will waive the point of 
order on that condition. 
Mr. HIN DMAN. Let that be the understand- 
WII•. SHERMAN. 1 will not make myself a 
party to any understanding which will tie my 
hands in enförcing the rules of the I-louse. 1 hope 
gentletncn will confine themselves within the rules 
of the House in 
thc discussion of this bifl, and 
next week we shall have a general field of debate, 
and' I hopc we shall all have a chance to partici- 
pate in it. 
Mr. PRYOR. I trust my colleague near me 
will withdraw his objection. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 withdraw it. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 renew the objection. 
Mr. HILL. The Chairman— 
The CHAIRMAN. The from 
ansas raised a point of order. Does he insist 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 do; but with the under- 
standing that the gentleman from Virginia, who 
first spoke, shall have an opportunity to respond 
to his colleague, I will not Insist upon the point 
of order. 
If that be denied, I will insist upon it. 
Mr. HILL. I object to any such understand- 
ing being made. The kind perspnal feeling which 
I entertain toward thc member from Virginia, 
who was first up, [Mr. PRYOR,] induced me to 
refrain fron-l during his remarks. 
can perceive that membct•s upon the other Sidc of 
the House are quite as ready for this kind of de- 
batc as the gentlernan from Virginia or any other 
man the South, however ardent he may be. 
It lids been nay policy from first to last to interpose 
obieccioh to- inflammatory debate. There is spirit 
enough on my right, (the Reoublican side of the 
House,) and feeling enough to accept thc gage 
thrown down here. I stand here for the conserv- 
ative country, and against extremes anywhere. 
Mr. HINDIVIAN. 1 the gentleman from 
Georgia to order. 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from 
Georgia is not in order in debating the point of 
order. 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. He is talk- 
inm very wcll. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thc 
point of order; and any gentleman who is dissat- 
isfied with the decision can take an appeal. 
Mr. HILL. I was merely interposing my ob- 
jection, sir, to any such understanding as that 
proposed by the gentleman from Arkansas. 
The CHAIRMAN. The first gentleman from 
Virginia who spoke, evidently went beyond the 
decision of tho Chair, which was sustained by 
i the committee. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. 
