1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
SHERMAN] raised that question of order; butas the 
point of order was not pressed, the Chair allowed 
the gentleman to proceed—it being evidently by 
unanimouscönsent. Very certainly the language of 
the gentleman from Virginia in regard to the Ad- 
ministration and thc Navy was not legitimate to 
the Army appropriation bill; but as the point of 
order was not pressed, the Chair allowed the 
gentleman to proceed. But the point of order 
being now made upon the other gentleman from 
Virginia, [Mr. CLEMENS,] the Chair is compelled 
to sustain it, and decides that the gentleman 's re- 
marks are not in order, and that he cannot be 
allowed to proceed. 
Mr. GARNETT. Permit me to remind the 
Chair and the committee, that my colleague [Mr. 
PRYOR] desisted the moment the point of order 
was made and decided against him. 
Mr. HILL. Let me remark, in justice to my- 
self, that I should not object if the colloquy was 
to be confined to the t.wo gentlemen from Virginia, 
and not to take the wide latitude which I believe it 
would take. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 again call the gentleman 
to ordér. 
Mr. HILL. That is all I wished to say. 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order. 
The question was taken on Mr. PRYOR's amend- 
ment; and it was not agreed to. 
Mr. PHELPS. I offer thc following amend- 
mcnt to come in at the end of the tenth line: 
Provided, That if tho monthly pay due any of the war- 
rant and petty offcers and seamen of the Navy shall remain 
unpaid for more than three months at any time after tbc 
date, of the approval of this act, said oflicers and scanæn 
shall be entitled, on demand, to receive their discharge. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise a point of order on 
It is legislation, and is there- 
that amendment. 
fore not in order. 
Mr. PHELPS. I have a word to say in re- 
spect to the point of order. The clause under con- 
sideration appropriates the pay for the offccrs of 
the Navy, and also for the warrant and petty 
offcers and seamen of the Navy. At the present 
time the warrant and petty offcers and seamen of 
the Navy are enlisted for a term of three years, 
and are not entitled to their discharge till they 
have served that period of time. The Treasury 
I expectit will 
of the United States is bankrupt. 
continue bankrupt for some time to come. And 
I am unwilling that these men, who are thus en- 
listed into the service, and who have families at 
home, shall not be continued in service if the pay 
duo them by the Government of the United States 
is not paid them at least every three months. 
My amendment, therefore, proposes, that if the 
monthly pay due the seamen of your Navy Shall 
not be paid to them every three months, they 
shall, if they desire it, receive their discharge. 
Such a provision is properand right, and isa lim- 
itation on the appropriation contained in the 
clause. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the 
point of order of the gentleman from Ohio. T hc 
proposition of the gcntleman from Missouri may 
bc a very judicious one; but as there is no pro- 
vision of law authorizing it, and as the enlistment 
is for a term of years, this would be a change of 
the existing law, and thereforc cannot be received 
as an amendment to an appropriation bill. 
Mr. PHELPS. I must submit to the decision 
of the Chair. 
Mr. MORSE. I move to amend by striking 
out the following proviso: 
Provided, That not more than $5,000 shall hereafter be 
expended in any navy-yard in the. repair of any vessel until 
the necessity of such repair, and the probable cost thereof, 
is ascertained by the report of a board of not less than three 
officers of the Navy, with such one of tho naval construc- 
tors as the Department may designate ; and that it shali be 
the duty of the Secretary to cause a €urvey to be made by 
a board of naval officers, in connection with a naval con- 
structor, of the sailing vessels of the Navy, to ascertain 
which of thern can profitably be fitted up with auxiliary 
steam power ; and that, in the expenditure ot' the money 
hereby appropriated, he shall, so far as the same may be 
applied to sailing vessels, empioy the same, as far as prac- 
ticable, in supplying such vessels with auxiliary steam 
are necessary, and estimate the cost thereof.- The 
law, as it now stands, puts the business into the 
right hands—into the hands of men who under- 
stand it. But this proviso proposes to change that 
practice, and to put the survey into the hands of 
a board of naval officers, to consist of three offcers 
and one constructor. Now, what would be the 
effect of that? There may bc in the board one 
commander who has had some experience, one 
lieutenant, and perhaps a midshipman. They go 
on and examine the hull of the vessel, the plank- 
ing, the deck, the frame work, to see how much 
is in a state of decay, and what repairs will be 
necessary. These are not the right kind of men 
to make such a survey. You have in each of 
your navy-yards a constructor, to whom you pay 
$2,600 a year, and master-workmen at a salary 
of $1 ,200 each ; responsible men, and best qualified 
to perform such a task. The repairing ofa ship 
is a mechanical business. It is the duty of offcers 
of the Navy to sail and take care ofa vessel, and 
to fight her; but not to repair her. This proviso 
takes the work out of the hands of practical work- 
men, and puts it into the hands of omcers who 
know nothingaboutit. I want to continueit where 
it is. The present practice works well. I am 
informed at the Department that it works admi- 
rably—much better than the old practice did. 
If 
it be necessary to repair an engine, and to spend 
five or ten thousand dollars upon it, would you 
send to examine it a young lieutenant? He may 
understand the duties of his rank very well, and 
know nothing about machinery. A commander 
may understaßd his business perfectly, and yet 
not be competent to judge of an encine. . Would 
you not ratherscnd yourchicfcngineer, yourmas- 
ter-workmen in the machine shop, to examine and 
I see what repairs are necessnry? Why, certainly, 
I trust, therefore, that there will be no diff- 
sn•. 
culty in striking out t.his proviso; because Icon- 
sider it as degrading to the mechanics in your 
navy-yards, inasmuch as it takes from them the 
control of the business which they understand, 
and gives it to those who, of necessity, know 
nothing about it. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 trust the amendment 
of my friend from Maine will not be adopted, for 
this reason: formerly, there wcrc large amounts 
cxpendcd on old hulks in the Navy, without any 
previous examination, or the report of any board. 
In one case there was from fifty to onc hundrcd 
thousand dollars spent on the repairs of a vessel 
which, after the repairs, was not worth as much. 
as they cost. A similer proviso to that now pro- 
posed was adopted two years acro; and I was in- 
formed the other day by the head of the Bureau 
of Yards and Docks, that it operated well, and 
saved a large sum by preventing expenditures on 
vesscls that were not worth repairs. 
therefore, the proviso will not be stricken out. 
I wish toesay one word in reply 
Mr. MORSE. 
to my friend from Ohio. If this proviso be struck 
out, it will leave in operation the proviso which 
my friend says has been found to work so well. 
I agree with him that it is desirable to prevent 
the useless expenditure of money which took 
place under the old system. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The proviso by my 
friend from Maine last year, expired with the 
year; and therefore the phraseology in this one 
If this pro- 
i differs, so as to make it. continuous. 
viso be not similar to that one, I am perfectly 
willing to make it similar, only to extend its op- 
cration generally. 
Mr. MORSE. 1 was informed at the Depart- 
ment that if this proviso svcre not inserted, the 
present practice, under the proviso offered by mc 
1 therefore, in 
last session, would be continued. 
accordance with my friend 's suo•ffcstion, proposc 
to substitute the proviso of last ycat• for this one. i 
I therefore withdraw my amendment; and I now 
move to amend by striking out the proviso, and 
inserting the followinrr: 
Prouidcd, That not more than $3,000 shali hereafter bc 
expended at any navy-yard in repairing the hull and spars 
of any vessel, until the necessity and expediency of such 
power. 
This proviso proposes a change in the mode of repair, and the probable cost thereot•, be ascertained and re- 
surveying a vessel for repairs after her return from ported to the Navy Department by an examining board, to 
sea. 'I'hepresentpractice, undcra proviso adopted 
be appointed by the Secretary of the Navy, the naval con- 
last sessnon, is, that when a ship returns from a structor of the yard where any vessel may be ordered fbr 
voyage and needs repairs tl"iatwill cost repairs, and two master workmen of such yard, or one 
ter-workman and an engineer or the Navy, according to tuc 
she is examined by a surveying party, consisting 
of one offcer of the Navy, one constructor, and 
engineer to be designated by the head of the Bureau of Con- 
two master-workmen, who are to sec what repairs II struction and Repairs; and not more than $1,000 be i 
expended in repairs on- the sails i.ai)d rigging of. any vessel 
until the expediency and neceSsityogsugh 
estimated cost thereof, have -been asbeitåined and reported 
to the Navy Department, by an examining board, to be 
composed of one naval officer, to be appointed-by tbd See- 
retary of the Navy, and the master-rigger aqd master-gau- 
maker of the yard where such vessel may be, ordered. 
The question was taken; and the amendment 
was agi•eed to. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move the following 
amendment: 
-and provided further, That the ealary of clerks of yards 
•and clerks to commandants at the navy-yards at Pen- 
saeola, Norfolk, Philadelphia, New York, Kittery, and 
Boston, shall be the same as is paid to persons holding 
the same positions and performing the same duties at the 
Washington navy-yard; to take effect on- and after -Juiy 
I, in tbc year 1856. 
Mr. Chairman, I sincerely trust my amend- 
ment will be adopted. It is a just one. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that amendment recom- 
mended by the Committee on Naval Affairs? If 
it is, will not make a point of order on it. 
Mr. FLORENCE. it on my own mo- 
tion. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Then 1 object to it. lun- 
derstand that the Committee on Naval Affairs 
have considered this matter, and are prepared to 
subrnit an amendment. To that amendment I 
will not object. 
Mr. FLÖRENCE. I do not desire to press 
any mnendment before the committee when it is 
out of order. But I appeal to the gentleman not 
to make a point of order on my amendment. If 
he will look into the subject, he will be safisfied 
that it is manifestly just. 
If I had the opportu- 
nity now, I could convince the chairman of the 
Committee of Ways and Means, as Well as the 
members of the committee, that we. owe it to 
justice at once to adopt the amendment I have 
su bmifted. 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is in order on the 
section. 
Mr. FLORENCE. very well, then, 1 will say 
a word. In 1856 the Navy appropriation bill 
passed with a provision fixing tbc compensation 
of thc clerks at the different navy-yards at $1,200 
per annum. Under that provision those clerks 
were paid that salary for two years and more. 
The Fourth Auditor of the Treasury, bccause, in 
his judgment, tbcrc was not in the Navy appro- 
priation bill ('f 1856 any clause specially repeal- 
mg the preceding law fixing the salary of those 
clerks, refused to check off $1,200 a year to each 
onc of them. For the years that they were paid 
that amount, all over what the preccding law al- 
lowed has been put down against them as duc to 
I propose that they shall be 
the United States. 
relieved from the payment of that money. They 
performed their services under the belief that 
$1,200 a year ••.vas their salary, and, indeed, as I 
have stated, they received it for several years. 
My amendment, beside doing that act of jus- 
tice, goes still further, and treats ali these navy- 
yard clerks alike, by equalizing the salary of all 
do not desire to debate 
those of equal grade. 
It is a meritorious -amend* 
the question in full. 
ment, and I sinccroly trust that it will be agreed 
to. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am perfectly willing, as 
the Committee on Naval Affairs have acted on 
this subject, to waivc objection to the amcndment 
I make the point of order, that 
they wiii report. 
the amendment of tbc gentleman from Pennsyl- 
vania changes the existing law, and is therefore not 
in order, undcr the rules, to one of the general 
appropriation bills. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the 
point of order, and the amendment cannot there- 
Mr. FLORENCE. It does not change any 
existing law. There is no law in reference to the 
salary of these clerks that I propose to change by 
my amendment. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The is mistaken. 
The existing law does fix the salary of these 
clerks at the navy-yards. I think that it fixes 
them too low. At the same time, I will say, that 
I understand the Committee on Naval Affairs 
have had that matter under consideration, and 
have matured an amendment which they will offer 
at the proper time. 
Mr. FLORENCE. That will suit me. 1 am 
satisfied to get all the justice for these men that 
I can. I know when I was ou the Cömmitteö on 
Naval Affairs, I often tried tox have the Inatter 
