THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 12, 
matured, and- finally acted- on. At' all events, 
Whenever I did 'present the amendment, it Was 
by the Same objection now interpOsed by the 
gentleman from Oh10. 
But, in apswer to the gentleman from Ohio, I 
must say, that I think my amendment is not open 
to the charge that it changes the existing law. 
There is no existing law, as understand It, fix- 
salary of, these clerks. 
It is fixed by an 
arbitrary decision of the Department. The Fourth 
.Auditor did not, under the law of 1856, check OIT 
ihe salary that is duc them; and my amendment, 
is for the better execution of that law, and not to 
ehänge it. 
TheCHA IRMAN. The Chairrules the amend- 
ment out of order. 
Mr. MORSE. I will state that the amendment 
I shall propose will legalize the paymcnts which 
were made to these clerks, and prevent deductions 
from being made from their present salary of $900 
per annum. Ido not propose to raise their salary 
.to- what is allowed at the navy-yard in Washing- 
ton—some $1,400 per annum—but only to legalize 
what was paid to them in fbrmer years under the 
instructions of the Navy Department. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 am willing to take that, 
and then get as much morc as I can. 
Mr. MORSE. If the gentleman pleases, whcn 
my amendment is before the committee, he can 
move his as an amendment to it. We have agreed 
to report all that we thought we could (Yet through. 
, Mr FLORENCE. I will pursue that course. 
Mr. COX. I move the followino• amendment: 
For the purchase of tbe right to use in the United States 
Navy, on stcaniships and propeilors, a governor to a marine 
steam engine, subject to thc selection of the Secretary of 
tho Navy, $25,000. 
Mr. Chairman, I speak to this amendment 
under some disadvnntnge. Perhapsthe House will 
remember that a few days axo I offered a rcso\u- 
tion calling for information from the Secretary of 
the Navy, with reference to any experiments tried 
in his Department concernincagovcrnor for st.ean) 
The report, -l know, has been 
marine encrines. 
preparcd in the Department, but whet-her it has 
been sent here, and is on thc Speaker's table or 
not, I cannot say. It ought to have been hcrc at 
this time. 
In that report, when it comes before 
us, it Will bc seen that, two years ago, the Navy 
Department tried an experiment with reference to 
this grcat desideratum upon our steamships and 
pnpcllops. 
Some three or four years ago the Secretary of 
the Navy advertised for governor to a steam 
murine engine, for the purpose of protecting our 
steam engmcs on shipboard from damage and loss 
in storms and shipwrecks. Undcr that advct•- 
tisement various experiments were tried. Among 
others, a young mechanic from my own district 
invented governor, and took out a patent for it 
in France and England, as well as in this country. 
At the request of the Secretary of the Navy, he 
brought it to this city and fixed it up in the navy- 
yard *here , 
IL was therc tried and found to be so 
valuable that ofiiccrs in charge of the navy-yard 
would not Ict it go. They kept it, paying the 
Fle had it 
inventor only thc price of making it. 
placed upon some of our steamships. 
It was 
placed upon the Pocahontas at Norfolk , 
and the 
Inventor Went with it to Cuba, to see whether it 
would opcratc properly. It operated well, and 
answered perfectly the purpose for V.,'hich it Ivas 
designed. It operated so handsomely as to save 
all •risk and danger of breakagc upon the steam- 
ship; and the chief engineer of the Navy wrote a 
rcÉort sanctionino• it as the very desideratum 
called for by the Secretary of tho Navy. My 
object in calling the attention of the conunittee to 
this invention is, that just remuneration may be 
made to the inventor. 
In the opinion of thc Sec- 
retary of the Navy it will save to thc Government 
the expenses incident to the use of steam cngincs 
in our Navy. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 suggcst to my colleague 
to strikc out the words that the Secretary of the 
Navy be instructed, and provide that hc shall 
authorize the use of this governor, i? he deem it 
best and expedient to do so. 
Mr. COX. accept the amendment; and I 
hope the amendment, as modified, will be adopted. 
The questiori was taken; 
and -the amendment 
was agreed to. 
Marine Corps.—For pay of oilicers, non-e.otntnissioned 
ofticérs, tnusician*. privates, clerks, inesse.ngers, stewards, 
and servants; for rations and clothing for servants, addi- 
tional rations for five years' scrvice ; for undrawn clothing 
and rations, bounties fbr reönlistments, $425,278 80. 
Mr. GARNETT, 1 move reduce that ap- 
propriation $100,000; and I call for a division of 
the committee on the amendment. 
Mr. There is obviously no quorum 
present; and many of those who are here would 
like, I have no doubt, to go over to the Senate. 
I znove that the committee rise. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us first get through 
with this bill. However, I would not object to 
taking a recess for an hour. 
Mr. BRANCH. I insist on my motion that 
the committee rise. 
The committee divided; and there were ayes 7, 
noes 44; no quorum. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us go on and finish 
this bill; and then wre can risc and adjourn. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 have an speech to 
make on the bill; which the Chair, I know, will 
decidc to be pertinent; and I have also solne two 
or three thousand amendments to offer. 
The roll was then called; when the followincy 
members failed to answer to their names: 
Messrs. Charles F. Admus, Green A(lams, Adrain, Allen, 
Alley, 'I"hotnas L. Anderson, Ashlcy, Ashinore, Avery 
Babbitt, Barksdalc, Barr, _Barret, Bealc, Binghaln, Blair, 
Bocock, Bonham, Boteler, Bouligny, Boyce, 
Briggs, Brown, Burnett, Burnham, Butterfield, Cainpbell, 
Casey, Carter, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clc:nens, 
Clopton, Coburn, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, 
Conkling, Corwin, Cox, J arnes Craig, Burton Craige, Craw- 
ford, Curry, Curtis, II. Winter Davis, 
Reubeh Davis 
Dawes, De Jarnette, Delano, Dinnnick, Duell, Dunn, 
F.(hnundson, Edwards, Ely, English, Etheridge, Fenton, 
Fouke, Frank, Garnett, Gartreil, Goo@b Graham, Hale, 
Hardennan, J. Morrison Harris, John T. I 
Ilall, Hamilton, 
arris, I-I askin, Hatton, Hawkin*, r Telrnick, Ilielunan, Hill, 
Iloard, Ilutnphrey, Jackson, Jenkins, Kcitt., Francis VV. 
Kellogg, WillitL111 Kellogg, Kiltrore, Kunkcl, I,alnar, Lan- 
l,arrabce, Janue,s 11:11. Leakc, Lee, Logan, 
Longnecker, Lootnis, Love 
Lovejoy, Maclay, Marston, 
Charles I). Martin, 
Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McCler- 
nana , Mc Kcan, Me Kenty, , McQueen, M c Rae, 
Miles, Mill ward, Niont.gonnery, Sydenhanr Moore, Moor-- 
head, Nixon, Olin, Pahner, Pend lc- 
Phelps, Potter, Pottle 
P rvor, 
Pugh, Quarles, 
Reynolds, Rice, J allies 
Robinson, 
c. 
Rust, Scott, Scrawl ton, Sickles, Sin- 
gleton, VI" illianr Sillith, 
S otne.s, Sljaulding, Stall worth, 
Stevens, Stevenson, 
J A. Stewart, VViIlia1)1 Stewart, 
Taylor, 
'-l'hcaker, 
'.1 U Ildorwood, Val lati d igh,eun, 
Vance, Varu Wyc.l% Cad walador C. Elli hu If. 
IVaslIbtu•nc, Webster, Wind0ill, Wins•lmv, Wood, 
VVoodson, 
The conunit.tce then rosc, and thp Speaker I-lav- 
ing resumed the chair, Mr. COLFAX reported that 
the Committee of the Whole on the stato of the 
Union had, acccording to order, had the naval ap- 
propriation bill under consideration, and finding 
Itself without a quorum, had caused the roll to be 
called, and the absentees noted; and had directed 
him to report the facts to the Ilouse. 
Mr. FLORENCE. The have not yet 
got into 1110 habit of coming here on Saturdays; 
and believing that we shan do no business, us 
there is not -a quorum present, I move that the 
I•louse do now adjourn. 
Mr. SI"IERIMÄN. W e can pass this bill to- 
(lay; and thcrcforc I call for the ycas and nays 
upon the IY)0tion to adjourn. 'I'here is a quorum 
since they have coinc In from the Senate. 
M 1'. FLORENCE. i withdraw my motion to 
nd iourn. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the House 
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on 
the state of the Union. 
"I' he SPEAKER. As no quorurn answered to 
t11Cir names, no motion is in order, except mo- 
tion to adjourn or to call the House. 
Mr. SVIERMAN. 1 move that be 
of thc House. Many Illembcrs have come in 
since thc call in thc committee. 
Tl'he motion was to. 
The roll was then called, when the followinrr 
members failed to answ-er to their names: 
Messrs. Allen, Allev, 'I'1101nas L. Anderson, Ashrnore, 
Barksdalc, Barr. Darrct, Bonharn, Boyce, B rabson, Branch, 
Briggs, Burnett,' Campbell, C.'artcr, Iloracc P. C.lark, Clop- 
ton, Coburn, John (-:ochrane, Corwin, Covade, Crawtörd, 
Curry, Curtis, II. VVinter Davis, Reuben Davis, 
Edwards, 
Ely, English, Ethcridge, Farnsworth, Frank, 
narnilton, i 
Haskin, Ilawkins, 
Ilickinan, Ilill, Ilind:nau, 
Hoard, Jackson, Jenkins. Keitt, Kt.tnkel, Lamar, Laudrurn, , 
II 
Larrabee, Lcake, Lee. Logan, Lovc, Maclav, Marston 
Charles D. Martin, MeClcrnand, McQueen, IMéRae, Mite.R, i 
Millward, Montgonlery, Sydenkr,un Moore, NocH, Palmer, 
Pendleton, Perry. 
Phelps, Potter, i'ryor, Pugh, 
Reagan, Royce, Stott, Scranton, Singleton: 
liant Smith, S(nnes, Spauldinu, Stallworth, Stevens, James 
A. Stewart, Stout, 'I'appau, 'Taylor, Thayer, Underwood, 
Valiandigham, Vandcve.r, Vau VVyck, Cadwalader C. 
Washburn, Webster, VVilson, VVin*low, and "Vood. 
Mr. SHERMAN. A quorum 
to their names, I move that all further proceedings 
under the call be dispensed with. 
The motion was agreed to. 
[A message was here received from the Senate 
by Mr. Hickey, one of their clerks, notifying the 
House that the Senate had passed , without amend- 
ment, a bill of the House, for the relief of the as- 
signee of Hon. David C. Broderick, deceased.] 
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the rules be sus- 
pended, and that the House resolve itself into 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union. 
The motion was agreed to. 
The House accordingly resolved itself into the 
Committee of the 'Whole on the state of the 
Union, (Mr. COLFAX in the chair,) and resumed 
the consideration of thc naval appropriation bill; 
the pending question being on striking out 400, 
in line seventy-three, and inserting 300." 
The amendment was not agreed- to. 
Mr. GARNETT. I. move t.o amend by strik- 
ing out the word " freight," 
in line eigh!y-nine; 
and upon that I call for a division.' 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. SPINNER, 
and CRAIG of Missouri, ••.vcre appointed. 
The committee divided ; and the tellers reported 
—ayes 4, noes 92; no quoruxn 
During the division, 
Mr. SHERMAN said: 1 give notice that 1 
will see who docs not vote, and I will report 
their names to the committee. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 think the Chairman has 
said that the rules of the House require that every 
member shall' vote. 'I'hcre is the gentleman by 
my side, [Mr. I-IINDMAN,] who did not vote. 
hope the Chair will enforce the rules upon him. 
CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the 
gentleman from Virginia that, inasmuch as he in- 
sists that tbe Chair shall call upon mc.mbcrs to 
votc who have not voted, he feels it his duty to 
remind the gentleman from Virginia. himself that 
he has not voted. 
Mr. GARNETT. Then 1 hope Chair will 
enforce the rulcs upon the gentleman from Vir- 
b 
The CHAIRMAN. The chairman of the com- 
rnittce can only sugcrcst to members that the rules 
require that every member shall vote. 
Mr. GARNETT. I submit, as a point of order, 
that it is the duty of tho Chair to report the names 
of the delinquents to the I-louse. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to 
the gentleman from Virginia that it is not the 
duty of the Chair, unless ordered by the commit- 
tee, to report anything to the House. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 think, under the circum- 
stances, that we hud better, by unanimous con- 
sent, rise and adjourn. 
The CHAIRMAN. The rule is imperative 
that the roll shall be called. 
"i'hc roll was thcn called; when the following 
members failed to answer to their names: 
Messrs. Allen, Alley, 'I'homas L. Anderson, Ashmore, 
Babbitt, Barksdale, Barr, Barret, Beale, Bonham, Boyce, 
Brabson, I 
Burlittgarne, Campbell, Carter 
Ilorace F. Clark, Clopton, Coburn, Clark 1B. Cochrane, 
Conkling, Corwin, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Cur- 
tis, l)avidson, if. Winter Davis, John G. I)avis, Reuben 
Davis, Delano, Edmundson, Edwards, Eliot, Idly, English, 
Etheridgc, Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Frank, Gainctt, 
Gilrner, Grahanl, 
Harniiton, Hardeman, J. Morrison Har- 
ris, Haskin, 
Hawkins, Hickman, 
11 ill, Hind man, Hoard, 
tlughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Keitt, William Kel- 
[Iolrnan, 
KunkcE, Laxnar, Land run), 
Larrabee, James M. 
Leach, .Lcake, Love, Maclay, Marston,Charles 
1). Martin, MeCkernaWd, 'McQueen, McRae, Mites, Mili- 
ward, M ontgonnery, Sydenham Moore, Nelson, Noell, Olin, 
Pal:ner, 
Pendleton, Perry, 
Pettit, Phelps, l'otter, Pottte, 
Pryor, P utrh, Reagan, Rice, Ruffin, Scott, Scranton, Sinums, 
Singleton; VViIiia1n Sitiith. Somos, Stalhvorth, .Y;unes A. 
Stewart, Stout, 'I'appan, Taylor, Underwood, Vallandig- 
hall), Vandever, Van Wyck, Webster, VVhiteley, Wilson, 
Winslow, and VVood. 
The committee then rose; and the Speaker 
havinry resumed the chair, Mr. COLFAX reported 
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of 
the Union had, according to order, had under 
consideration the naval appropriation bill, and, 
. finding itself without a quorum, had caused the 
roll to be called and the absentees noted, and had 
directed him to report the fact to the I-louse. 
A quorun-l having answered to their names, the 
committee resumed its session; the pending Ino- 
tion being to strike out the word freight," in 
line eighty-nine. 
Mr. GARNETT called for a division. 
