1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
349 
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap- 
pointed Messrs. KILLINGER and GARNETT. 
The committee divided; and the tellers report- 
ed—ayes 3, noes 101; no quorum voting. 
The CHAIRMAN. Th•e Chair will again 
state to the committee that a number of members 
have not voted; and the Chair will order a recount, 
and requests all members to vote. 
The committee aoain divided; and the tellers 
reported—ayes 5, noes 116. 
So the amendment was not agreed to. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 move to amend by strik- 
incr out the word " ferry," in line eighty-nine. 
CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to 
the committee that he is powerless to enforce the 
rule requiring members to vote, unless they see 
fit to obey it; but the Chair would submit to the 
committee, and to the gentleman from Arkansas, 
whether he should be permitted to avail- himself 
of the privileges of the rules by offerincr amend- 
ments, when he refuses to obey the rules by vot- 
ing; and whether the Chair ought to receive his 
amendment under those circumstances? 
Mr. BURNETT. This committee 
fer upon the Chairman the power to refuse an 
amendment. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has repeat- 
edly appealed to gentlemen to vote; but they have 
refused. 
Mr. BURNETT. But that would author- 
ize the Chair to exercise the power of refusing to 
I move that the commit- 
receive an amendment. 
tee do now rise. 
The motion was not agreed to. 
Mr. GARNETT. Bcfore the motion on the 
amendment is putto the committee, I am disposed 
to state to the committec the object of my course. 
I shall be brief as possible, if • Ehe committee will 
give me their attention. 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can pro- 
ceed under the five minutes rule. 
Mr. GARNETT. we believe that one of the 
oldest privileges of any parlianoentary body, es- 
pecially of the popular branch, according tö all 
the traditions of our race, both in the mother coun- 
try and in this, is to cut off the supplies when we 
believe that the Government is obnoxious to the 
people we represent. -w c have allowed all the 
other appropriation bills, as gentlemen upon the 
other side know, to pass through without debate 
and without the slightest diflic.u-lty. I venture to 
say that the chairman of the Committee of Ways 
and Means will acknowledge that never in his ex- 
perience have the appropriation bills passed the 
a military despotism, and that the Army and Navy 
are now being used in a manner not authorized 
by law and not consistent with the principles even 
of gentlemen upon the other side of the House; 
and I ask the House to allow ine to show that in 
I a speech of the proper length. 
Now, if the gentleman from Ohio will say that 
he will open debate upon su•ch an amendment as 
I have indicated when the Army bill comes up, 
I, for one, will writhdraw all present opposition 
It is obvious that we of the minority 
to this bill. 
have it in our power, by offering amendments, to 
delay the passage of this bill, and it must become 
a merc question of physical endurance. 
I ac- 
knowledge that the majority, being larger, may 
have greater power of endurance than we have; 
but it must be obvious that we can worry thcm 
at least as much as they can worry us, and we 
may thus be engaged in a protracted and 
a useless expenditurc of time. submit to gentle- 
men upon the other side of the House if it would 
not be reasonable to allow us to debate the bill in 
a manner which I contend, and which I think 
candid minds on the other side will admit, is strictly 
in order, or, if not strictly in order, so nearly so 
as to make it perfectly fair and legitilnate. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chairman, in reply to 
the gentleman from Virginia, I will again repeat 
that I do not desirc to stifle debate. When the 
first appropriation biil of the session was calked 
up, I proposed then that a reasonable time for 
debate should be allowed; but both sides of the 
House, by a decisive majority, insisted that that 
I have re- 
bill shoukd be made a special order. 
gtü•ded that as the will of the majority of the 
House, and have so acted. I have no disposition 
to cut off debate by the gentleman from Virginia, 
01' any other mcn-lbcr of the House. Whenever 
the House indicates a desire to debate any bill, 
they can do so; but yesterday a majority, on the 
gentleman 's ox,vn side of the I-louse, voted to make 
this bill a {special order. Thc majority, not only 
on this side of the House, but on the other side, 
decided then that it was better to postpone the 
I debate upon the condition of thc country to a 
proper time—when the committee of thirty-three 
shall report, or when the bill* of n') y colleague, 
[Mr. BINGHAM,] commonly called a force bill," 
shall be under consideration. 
These appropriation bills contain no new items. 
They ernbrace only the ordinary appropriations 
for thc support of the Army and Navy; and it 
would have hcen necessary to pass them if no 
• State had attempted to secede, and there had 
Ijeen no disturbance in the country. They are 
House with so little difiiculty and with so little i 
trouble to the gentlemen havmg them in charge, the ordinary appropriation bills; and it seenns to 
or with so little. factious opposition of any kind. I 
that they ought not to be met with what I 
We come now 'to the bills for the Army and Navy. I cannot but regard as factious opposition; because, 
if gentlenoen will siinply perform their duty under 
The House •knows—everybody throughout thc 
country knows—that the present Administration the rules, and vote on one side or the other, we 
could pass this bill without difficulty, and send it 
proposes, and the future Administration will prob- 
ably propose, to use that. Army and that Navy for I to the Senate. 
I repeat, again, Mr. Chairman, that after this 
the purpose of civil war, as we call it; for the pur- 
pose of enforcing the laws, as they cali it; and we • bill'ahd the Ah•my bill shall have passed the House 
know that there will be resistance on the part of 
and been dent to the Senate—to the political friends 
certain States. And I submit to the Chair and to of the gentleman frolü Virginia—then I have no 
doubt there will be no objection to the widest lat- 
the gentleman, if it is -not really a pertinent in- 
itude of debate; indeed, if a majority of the House 
quiry—whether strictly in order on this bill or 
not—whether it is expedient to appropriate money are willine to allow debate on the Army bill, I 
to sustain an Army and Navy which will be used shall have no objection, and 1 will not move to 
make it a special' order unless J find that it is the 
for such purposes? 
Now, it would be perfectly m order for me—I desire of a large majority ofthe I-louse to limit the 
presume the Chair wiil not deny that—to movea debate to the terms of the bill. 
I hope. , therefore, 
concluding clause tb the bill, that no Fortion of the gentlornan.will withdraw his opposition to this 
the money hereby appropriated shall beexpended bill, or at least vote on one side or the other upon 
upon ships of the Navy employed for a particular amendinents. 
Mr. GA R NET T. acknowledge that the ma- 
purpose; and that would obviously open up the 
whole question. 
Gentlemen upon the other side of the Housc 
tell us that they are willing, during the course of 
the session, to have creneral debate. We, on this 
side of the House, tell them that we desire to have 
debate now. We have•reached the middle of the 
session, and we think it not an unreasonable priv 
i!ege that the minority—small though that minor- 
ity may be—should be permitted by the maiority 
to express the sentiments of our constituents, 
especially upon a matter which, I submit to the 
candor of the other side of the I louse, is so per- 
tinent to these bills as the question whether We 
will appropriate money for the Army and Navy 
jority of the House, which the gentiemcn oppo- 
site constitute, do not want debate; but I ask that 
majority if it is not fair that the minorit.y of the 
House, small though it may be, should now, in 
the middle of the session, be allowed an oppor- 
tunity to present our views on the condition of 
the country ? 
Mr. SHERLMAN. 'Ehe only question is as to 
the point of time—whether we shall delay the 
ordinary business of the session for the purpose 
I of engæring in general debate. 
I Mr. GARNETT. Ifthc gentleman from Ohio 
will say, in behalf of his party—and everybody 
knows that. he is able to phylgo thorn—that on the 
Army appropriation bill general debate shall be 
or not. 
I arn not going into the argument now. Icon- allowed, I shall be content to withdraw all oppo- 
tend that this Government is being converted into sition to the bill now under consideration. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 cannot promise- that Gn 
reference to these regular appropriation bills; but 
have said over and ov•er again that upon any bill 
of a general character which fairly presents -this 
question of the Condition of the country; I' have 
no objection to the widest latitude of-debate; in- 
deed, think it right that we should dB-bate, that 
question, and gentlemen will find that we -upon 
this side of the House will meet it frankly, fairly, 
and without equivocation. We know the duty 
imposed upon us by the people of the United 
States, and we intend to perform it in debate or 
elsewhere. I think we shall •have omple time for 
debate; the gentleman from. Virginia will, have 
opportunity enough to say all he desires to say 
in regard to the pending disputes in the country; 
and trust that every member of the House will 
have the same opportunity. If I desire to exer- 
cise the right of expressing my opinions, I •will 
exercise it. I know they will differ from those of 
the gentleman from Virginia; but he will find no 
disposition on this side of the House to avoid dé- 
bate or any other issue that may be presented to 
us by our duty, our sworn duty, here or else- 
where. But I trust he will allow the ordinary 
apprvriation bills to go through in the ordinary 
way, and then whenever any measure comes up 
which properly presents all these- disputed ques 
tions,'the gentleman can have debate to hisheart's 
content. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 ask the gentleman from 
Ohio whether it has ever been usual for this 
House to refuse to permit general debate on the 
appropriation bills ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the gentle- 
man 's question 
Mr. HINDMAN. Let the gentleman from Ohio 
take his own course, and we will take ours. So 
far as I am concerned, I häve no favor to ask from 
him or the other side of the House, either here 
or—to use the gentleman's own phrase—else- 
where. 
ME. SHERMAN. 1 suppose there is no 
sitv for any undue excitement about this matter. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 say to the gentleman from 
Ohio that am not under the slightest excitement; 
and it is notin his power to create any excitement 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have no desire 
to do any such thing. Will the gentleman from 
Virginia [Mr. GARNETT] be kind enough to re- 
peat his suggestion. 
Mr. GAikLNETT. I suggested to the gentleman 
from Ohio that it certainly is not in the ordinary 
course of legislation to prevent general debate on 
I am aware that 
any of the appropriation bills. 
we arc acting under a new- rule, and the gentle• 
man from Ohio avails himself of that rule to cut 
off debate on every appropriation bill. 
mit to him this: let him just piace himself in 
our position, and look at the matter from our 
point of view. Let him suppose that the Army 
was to be used for purposes which he regarded 
as unconstitutional and improper. Would not 
that be a fair Inotive for his refusing all appro- 
priations for the Army? In fact; did not the gen- 
tleman himself lead a movement of this very kind 
not six years ago ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 thank the gentleman for 
his suggestion. I did make such a movement; 
but— 
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman pursued 
perfectly proper course, in his point of view; 
and now' I only ask hill) to allow us that same 
privi}effc of debate and of voting which he took 
for himself. 
I'vlr. SHERMAN. 1 will freely acknowledge 
that if I believed the Arm v was to be used for 
unconstitutional purposes, would oppose it; but 
in opposing it, I would at the same time observe 
all tbc rules of order which govern the actidn of 
the House and govern the members of the House. 
I On the occasion when I myself offered a proviso 
limiting the application of the Army bill, 
while I earnestly advocated that proviso, and was 
opposed to grantino• supplies to the Army, to be 
used, as I believed, in an unconstitutional way, 
I I never, so far as I can recollect, violated the 
rules which require me to vote on one side or the 
other. 
Mr. GARNETT. I wish to come. to some 
understanding W'ith the (Tentleman from Ohio. 
Suppose that we, on this side, offer to the Army 
appropriation bill an amendment prccisely the 
