350 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 12, 
same character to that which the gentleman 
offered to that bill: wilt he.then refuse us the priv- 
ikege of showing that the purposefor which the 
Army is to be used is unconstitutional? Wili he, 
then, under a decision of the Chair, rule out all 
those speeches, unless they go to the particular 
question •of economy, or the mode of expending 
the money appropriated? Does he not see that 
such an amendment as that would, even accord- 
ing to his own construction, open up general de- 
bate ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall onb7 state, in respect 
to that,- that. when I offered the amendment re- 
ferred to, I had no opportunity of debating it 
because the bill was not then in a position where 
it could be debated. I did not offer it until after 
debate had been closed on the bill; although I 
admit that the general subject was debated during 
the whole session. 
Mr. GARNETT. the bill had been open 
to debate, the gentleman would have felt himself 
at liberty, in offering that amendment, to go into 
general argument to show that the purpose for 
which the Army was to be used in Kansas was 
unconstitu tiona). 
Mr. QU ARLES. I rise to a point of Order. 
A1} this discussion is out of order. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the 
point of order, and must arrest this debate, which 
certainly irregular. 
Mr, SICKLES. Is it in order to move to amend 
the ponding amendment? If so, I move to amend 
by striking out the next word after the word 
" iin•ries," the word tolls." 
'l'he CHAIRMAN. That amendment is in 
order. 
Mr. SICKLES. i concur entirely with what 
was said by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. 
GARNETT] as to the propriety of taking this occa- 
sion, or seeking it, nt all events, for the purpose 
of considering and discussing the Btatc of the 
Union. I am rec with him, that all precedents in 
the constitutional history of the country, and of 
Great Britain, from which we derive our author- 
ity and precedents, show the propriety of allow- 
in" discussion . 
I think the refusal of it on an 
appropriation bill is quite without precedent. But, 
there was another remark -made by the gen- 
tleman from Virginia, in which I do not concur, 
and to which I cannot allow my assent to be even 
implied by my silence; and that is his inference 
or statement—I do not know which—that the 
Army and the Navy are to be employed, and are 
employed, by this Administration, for coercivc 
a sovereign State. 
, the President has solemnly de- 
clured to Congress twice, in two messages, that hc 
does not possess the power to employ the Army 
and Navy for such purpose. And, sir, 
I cannot 
agree in the statement that the President has done 
any act since the announcement of those proposi- 
t.ions to Conkrress in those two messzvres that is 
inconsistent with that policy or with that declara- 
tion. Hc is only dischargtng his sworn duty to 
preservc in tact, he can , the possessions of' 
the United States, its public buildings, its public 
works. 
It is as Inuch his duty to preserve Fort 
Sumter against attack from all corners, as it would 
be to defend this Capitol where we are deliberating 
patiently and assiduously on Incasures by whiclf, 
If' possible, we can adjust the unhappy differences 
between North and South— 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must 
this course of remark, as the gentleman has only 
five minutes to explain his amendment. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 ask to withdraw it. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 object, as 1 desire to say 
a word in re 
'I'hc CEIAhl(iåAN. I would state to the gen- 
tleman from Ohio that this dcbate cannot be con- 
tinued. It is not in accordance with the rule of 
the House, which allows a men'ibet• ofFerintr an 
amendiilent five minutes to explain it, and allox,vs 
five minutcs to any other member to oppose it. 
Mr. STANTON. I will only occupy a few 
I rccoo•nize the right ofa minority to 
rnomcn ts. 
claim a reasonable time for debate. 
I have been 
generally in a minority myself; and I find no fault 
with gentlemen on thc other side for settincr up 
1 desire to make this suggestion to 
that claim. 
gentlemen on the other side. 
If they say that, 
havino• an ample reasonable time allowed for de- 
bate on the Army appropriation bill, no factious 
opposition shall then bc interposed, I think it I 
entirely proper that that time should be granted. 
But if, after fair time for debate has been allowed, 
factious opposition is still to be made, then cer- 
tainly the majority should not be expected to con- 
cede anything. 
Mr. SHERMAN. On consulting with some 
of my political friends, I am willing to say thus 
much for myself: that will not submit the mo- 
tion to make the Army appropriation bill a special 
order until after two or three days' debate; so that 
gentlemen on both sides can have full oppor- 
tunity to debate it. I think that, by running into 
night sessions, two or three days will be sum- 
cient to allow every gentleman who desires to 
speak to do so. 
Mr. SICKLES. say three days. 
Mr. SHERMAN. very well. Let it be three 
days. It is understood that after these three 
days of debate, the Army appropriation bill shall 
be taken up, and disposed of without any, what 
has been called, filibustering opposition. 
The question was taken on the amendment of 
Mr. SICKLES to the amendment; and it was not 
agreed to. 
The question recurred on Mr. HINDMAN'S 
amendment; and it was not agreed to. 
repairs of all kinds, $12,043. 
Mr. FLORENCE. That is the appropriation 
for the Philadelphia navy-yard. Fifteen thousand 
dollars was the amount estimated for that yard, 
and the Committee of Ways and Means have re- 
duced it to $12,043. I move that that appropria- 
Lion be increased to $15,000, Twelve thousand 
and forty-three dollars is rather a strange surrr— 
it is so very exact, ! 
Mr. HOUSTON. rlthat shows it was arrived 
at by close calculation. [Laughter.] 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 want the amount appro- 
priated under this item to equal that which was 
estirnated for this yard by the proper Departrnent. 
I am told that the Committee of Ways and Means 
have agreed to reduce the expenses of the Gov- 
ernment in all of its Departments. 
i know that. 
The officers who have this yard under their man- 
acrement, also know it; and they have coascd to 
make application for any repairs that are not ab- 
solutely needed. 
'I'he $12,043 here must be for 
some special purpose; and I would like to have 
that purpose named. It is so exact that it cannot 
be an arbitrary sum. 
I know, sir, that with reference to the Phila- 
dclphia navy-yard there are many improvcments 
that could be introduced in it with great benefit 
to the Government. •There could, fi_n• instance, 
be modern inachineu•y introduced; but such things 
are not applied for because of the system of econ- 
omy that has been determined upon by the Gov- 
I hope the appropriation will be in- 
ern•ment. 
creased to $15,000. 
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from 
sylvania understands this subject better than any- 
body else; and I would ask him to tell us why it 
is necessary to I'lave the additional sum of $2,967 
which he prol.)oses to udd to the tunount in the 
bill? 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move to add it upon the 
cycneral principle of rio•bt— 
—upon the 
principle, sir, that would accord to the necessities 
of the public service what is absolutely required. 
I think if •wre had four times $15,000 at the Phil- 
adelphia navy-yard, it would all be economically 
and usefully expended. We would devote it to 
the manufacture of n')aterial necessary for naval 
a footin<r in respect of repairs and ilnproverncnts 
in machinery such as ought to be desired by the 
representatives ofa great and progressive nation 
hike this. 
Mr. MAYNARD. for economy; and if 
the gentleman will make it appear economical, I 
will go with him 10 increase this appropriation to 
#60,000. But he must first fully satisfy me of 
that fact. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Time and again 1 have put 
out my cfiörts to have fall justice done to the Phil- 
I have raised my voice for 
ndelphia navy-yard. 
economy in that yard, and for the promotion, by 
amendment—as little, to be sure, as I could well 
ask. 
The question was taken; and the amendment 
was disagreed to. 
Mr. FLORENCE. very well, then, let it go; 
but, as they said in olden times, we will look to 
the Senate. That body, I trust, will increase the 
appropriation. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
Mare Island.—For completing machine shop, $50,000. 
For completing smithery, $15,000. 
For completing coopers' shop, $10,000. 
For repairs of all kinds, $20,000. 
Mr. BURCH. would ask the chairman ofthe 
Committee of Ways and Means, whether there 
has been any reduction by his committee from 
the cstimates for the navy-yard at Mare Island ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think we "did not make 
any reduction upon the estimates for the Mare 
Island navy-yard. We allowed, if I recollect 
aright, one or two items not contained in the 
estimates on the recommendation of Commodore 
Smith. 
Mr. BURCH. 1 put the question to the 
tleman from Ohio, because yesterday, in the bill 
making appropriations for the survey of the put5- 
lie, lands, noticed that while a reduction was 
made in the cases of California, Oregon, and 
Washington, there was no reduction made in the 
estimates of the Department for Kansas, Nebras- 
ka, and Iowa. 
Mr. SHERMAN. we allowed the States 
and Territory on the Pacific coast, more than we 
did for the other States and Territories. For 
Kansas and Nebraska together, we allowed only 
$20,000, while we allowed $15,000 each for Cal- 
lfornia, Oregon, and Washington. If there be 
ground forcomplaiit, it is not with the gentleman , 
but rather with the Delegates from Kansas and 
Nebraska. 
Mr. BURCH. There was a reduction upon the 
estimates in my State and for Oregon and Wash ing- 
ton, while there was none upon the estimates for 
Kansas and Nebraska. 
Mr. SHERMAN. If the gentleman had been 
present yesterday, he would have heard my ex- 
planation on that point. 
Mr. BURCH. 
I am sorry that I was not here. 
If I had been would have opposed the reduction 
in the egtimates for California. I was out upon the 
select committee of thirty-three. tried to be pres- 
ent when the civil bill was up, but failed to do so. 
I ask the gentleman whether there has been any 
decrease in the estimates for this Mare Island 
navy-yard ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. we have allowed more 
than was in the condensed estimates , and not so 
much as was in thc detailed estimates. 
For the purchase of nautical instruments for thc use of 
the Navy; for the repairs of' the satne, and also of astron- 
omical instruments ; and for the purchase ot•nautical books 
and niaps. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move to amend that par- 
agraph by adding the followinff* 
Pro eided, 'Phat so far as it preventB the discretion of 
these officers in the purchase 
and use of any article re- 
quired tör the purposes and use of the Army and Navy 
which Illay have been patented, the Seerctary of War and 
the Secretary of the Navy arc fully authorized and per- 
'Nitted to make any purchases and to secure the use of any 
article in their judgment absolutely needed or required 
for the public service now ltn•bidden by the provisions of 
the second seetion of the. aet rnaking appropriations for 
sundry eivil expenses of the Government," approved June 
23, 1860. 
Mr. SHERMAN. make a point of order on 
thc amend tnent. 
It repeals the law enacted on 
this subject at the last session of Congress. 
Mr. F'LORENCE. It merely authorizes the 
Secretary of tbc Navy to purcl)ase such patented 
articles for thc service of the Navy as may be 
needed. Nåutical instruments rnay he patented, 
and yet they are needed in the service. 
I think 
my amcndment is a proper one, and in order 
i attached to that paragraph. 
i feared that a point of order would be made 
on the amendment; and if the chairman of the 
Committee of YVays and Means, as well as the 
Chairman of this committee—you, Mr. Chair- 
i man—will look at the language of my amend- 
the introduction of nsefuk improvements, of the ment, they will see that it is a most ingenious way 
best interests Of the naval service of the United of getting around a repealing clause. [Laughter.] 
I deem it an amendment„which will benöfit the 
I have for years raised my voice in this 
States. 
House for right and truth and justice, without 
service". The law of the last session, in many 
effect. 
I am not sure that I will succeed better 
instances, sadly interferes with the naval service. 
now; and I thercfore choose to adhere to Iny So the Secretary reports. 
