354 
Le@idiaury___ courtesy op the pm•t 
political' friends. • They can do as they 
like withh•egard•. to him; but 'I suggest that it is 
hardly worth while to- vary from the ordinary 
course, and that which has-heretofore been deemed 
the proper and formgl one in addressing commu- 
i•iitätiöns of' thisßort from this body. 
But,' sir; there isone suggestion which I wish 
to make, a-nd In-rose -for the purpose of doing so. 
When the honorable Senator from New Hamp- 
Shire [Mr. •CLARK] -introduced a resolution some 
days; perhaps someweeks, since, making certain 
inquines with? reference to the forts in Charleston 
harbor sand' addressed, if I recollect properly, to 
the. President; the Senato* from Mississippi, the 
chair-man of the Committee on Military Affairs, 
Objebtod to the passage of the resolution, on the 
it I.Vas an improper interference with 
an-executivenatter; and he -went on at length to 
state that he objected entirely—unless there was 
Strong ground of suspicion that something was 
being done that was very injårious to the public 
,—that we, who were •a legislative bödy, 
interests 
should undertake to interfere witf'l the details of- 
military arrangements. That was a single in- 
quiry as to what had been done in a particular 
case, and addressed in the most respectful manner 
to the Chief Magistrate; and the objection made 
—though perhaps a technical one, but unques- I 
tionably on sufiicient grounds; grounds satisfac- 
tory to the mind ofthc Senator whomade it—was, 
that it: was an improper interforence with- the 
province Of the Executive, especiallv in the direc- • 
tion of. the military arm, that all those matters 
depended for their effect, in a very great degree, 
upon secrecy, and it might be entirely improper 
for ueto be making inquiries about them—I do 
not know that he said it, but of course he meant 
it—unless in those cases where we might suppose 
there was danger to the country. 
Now, sir, here comes a resolution—not direct- 
ed to the President—not left to his discretion, I 
but directed to a suijordinate offcer, inquiring ! 
minutely into the details ofall the mili proceed- 
inos which havc bccn adopted for certainly a nt.un- 
bcr of weeks since this session commenced, and 
asking that they be made public and laid before the 
Senate. T hc objection certainly which was made 
by the Senator fi'0'ü Mississi ppi t.o t_he single in- 
quiry, to a mere request to the President, if ten- 
able at gentlemen on the other side of 
the Chamber acted upon it—is ceriainly pertinent 
and strong when directed to an order mandatory 
in its character, and covering the whole ground 
of the military proceedings of the President and 
the military department in relation to all matters 
now involved. 
l- shall make no sort of objection to the passage 
of this-resolution if put in its proper place; but the 
Senator and the Senate will perceive that nothing 
is gained by changing the ordinary cou pse of' 
proceedings; for have as body, as a Senate 
simply, no control over the Secretary of War. 
We cannot compel him to make the communi- 
cation if the President. thinks it not advisable; 
or otherwise, in my jitdgment, he is subject 
to this body alone under any circumstances, and 
therefore nothing il) tile world can be gained by 
the proposed mode of proceeding. 
ADMISSION OF. KANSAS. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mt•. FOSTER 
in the chair.) It becomes the duty of the Chair 
at this hour to announce the special order, being 
the resolution of the Senator from Virginia, [MG. 
HUNTER,) which was made the special order for 
this day at one o'clock, on which the Senator 
from Missouri, [Mr. POLK,] is entitled to the 
floor. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 
is the biil for the admission of Kansas; and that 
has precedence. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Vermont is right. The bill for the admission 
of Kansas into the Union has precedence. The 
other order only lay on the table. The bill (H. 
R. No, 23) for the admission of K.ansas into the 
Union was made the special order for this day at 
one o'clock; and being the older order, is prior to 
the resolution of tl-)Q Senator from Virginia, on 
which the Senator from Missouri has the floor. 
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire that proceedings 
shall be taken on the bill. 
have already pro 
CONGRESSIONAL 
that it may now be taken up and considered; 
indeed it ig up. 
Mr. PUGH. I understand the other resolution 
to bc the unfinished business of the last adjourn- 
ment; and if so, it has precedence, and the Senator 
from Missouri is clearly entitled to the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished 
business is the motion to print the message of the 
President of the United States on the present dis- 
turbed state of the country. That is the unfinished 
business of Saturday. 
Mr. PUGH. I understand that the Senator 
from Missouri claimed the floor on that, and gave 
notice that he would speak to-day. 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The resolution 
of the Senator from Virginia was the resolution 
which was made the special order for to-day at 
one o'clock, and it was on that resolution that the 
Senator from Missouri was entitled to the floor. 
The bill for the admission of Kansas into the 
Union is an older special order, made the special 
order for to-day at one o'clock; and under the 
rules of the Senate, where there are several spe- 
Cial orders, the older order is the one which has 
therefore, is the business . 
priority. That bill, 
now before the Senate. 
Mr. POLK. 1 believe the order of business 
I would 
has been correctly stated by the Chair. 
prefer to submit to the Senate the remarks which 
I propose to address to the body, upon the order 
that was madc specially for to-day, and which 
the Chair first called up; but if the Senate shall 
determine otherwise, and determine to adhere to 
the oldest special order—the onc referred to by 
the Senator from Vermont—I shall feel myself at 
liberty to address the remarks that I may submit 
though I would pre- 
to the Senator on that order; 
fer that they should be submitted on the resolu- 
tion that wag on Friday made the special order 
for to-day. 
Mr. CÖLLAMER. 1 have no objection to the 
I suppose he has a right to 
gel) tlcman 's course. 
his rcmarks on what topic he pleases; 
deliver 
but this is a subject that has been passed over 
several times, and I think the time has come when 
I therefore desire, and 
it sEiould receive action. 
insist on it, that we proceed to aet upon t.he bill 
in preferencc to any other special order, until it 
is finished. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. House bilt No. 
23, for the admission of Kansas into the Union, 
is before the Senate, as in Committee of the 
Whole. 
Mr. PUGH. I Inove to postpone all prior 
orders, so as to take up •the resolution on which 
the Senator from Missouri is entitled to the floor. 
Certainly, I have never known a Senator who had 
l.)reparecl himself to speak, to have it refused that 
January 14, 
Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster. Grimes, Hale, Harlan, 
• Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—27. 
So the motion x,vas not agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is yet 
before the Senate. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 hope the Senator from 
Missouri will not take.the floor upon the bill, as 
has been suggested. The vote just Tiven is the 
most insulting breach of courtesy, m my judg- 
ment, that has ever been given in the Senate— 
utterly unworthy of the Senate; and I do trust 
the Senator from Missouri will show a proper ap- 
preciation of it by declining to take the floor. 
Mr. POLK. I shall decline taking the floor on 
the bill that has now, by the vote of the Senate 
on a call of the yeas and nays, been held before 
! the Senate. 1 have no recollection of ever havinæ 
seen such a thing take place since I have been in 
the Senate. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 hope my colleague will 
me to make a suggestion. The motion just made 
was to postpone indefinitely. It is now perfectly 
competent to postpone to a day certain. 'As to- 
morrow has been fixed for the consideration of 
the Pacific railroad bill, move to postpone the 
bill now before the Senate until one o'clock on 
W5dnesday next, and make it the special order 
that time. 
{Ir. TRUMBULL. 1 was out of the Senate 
when the question was put that has just been 
decided. I voted against postponing; but. I cer- 
tainly did not vote against postponing with any 
idea that I was practicing a discourtesy upon any 
one; and, as the Senator from Louis:ana has so 
intimated, I should like to know what the state 
of facts was. The question was being taken when 
I came into the Senate, and I voted against post- 
poning the proposition to take up the Kansas bill, 
because I thought it irnportant that that question 
should bc considered. I certainly am of that opin- 
ion st.ill; but, in casting that vote, I certainly did 
not intend it as a discourtesy to the Senator from 
Missouri in any way. I do not think the ques- 
tion was understood in that shape here around 
me. I certainly did not understand it so. 
Mr. LATHAM. I voted to continue the con- 
sideration of the bili to admit Kansas; because 
understood the Senator from Missouri to state dis- 
tinctly that he perfectly willing to make his 
speech on that bill. Therefore, I thought it was 
a zne-re question of priority of business; and ac- 
cordingly, I gave my votc to go on with the bill 
to admit Kansas. Certainly, discourtesy was 
intended by me to the Senator from Missouri. 
Mr. FOOT. I desire to state it •was so under- 
stood on this side of the Chamber; and under that 
impression and assurance, we voted against tha 
postponement of the prior orders. 
he should t.nk{l up the particular question on Which 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 think it myself 
he desired to speak. 
to say what I stated before,that I desired to keep 
IV.h•. COLLAMER. He said he would speak 
this subject before the Senate; but we understood 
on this bill. 
the genileman to announce that he would speak 
Mr. PUGH. But he said he preferred to speak 
on this bill. Nobody had any desire to prevent 
upon the resolution. 
him from making his speech. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
Mr. POLK. am very glad that the vote of 
is, that the bill before the Senalc, and other 
the Senate Vlas on a misapprehension of the facts 
prior orders, bc postponed, wit.h a view to pro- 
as they were before the Senate, or rather of my 
ceed to Lhc consideration of tho resolution of the 
statement. meant to be understood distinctly 
Senator from ViHkinia, on which the Senator from 
Missouri has the floor. 
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator from Missouri 
Mr. GREEN. suggest that, in justice to the 
will allow me, I will sugeest that, if he prefers to 
Senator from Vermont, if the bill be postponed, 
speak upon the resolutions upon which he took 
it Should be fixed for a day certain. 
the floor, by general consent we can take up those 
Mr. COLLAIVIER. have desire to post- 
resolutions, and let this Kansas bill be passed over 
pone it at ail; neither have I any desire to prevent 
until he has made his speech, and then we can go 
the Senator from Missouri from making his re- 
on with the bill to admit Kansas. By general con- 
marks. 
make the motion that, 
sent that can be done. 
Mr. GREEN. They will be much more appro- 
by general consent, the resolution of the Senator 
priate on the other question. 
- from Virginia be taken up, and this bili be in- 
Mr. COLLAMER. The is 
formally passed overuntil the Senator gets through 
vented fronl inal(ing his remarks; nobody desires 
with his speech. 
to take the floor from hirn•, 
but I desire to pre- 
i Mr. PUGH. 1 object to that. 
servc this special order; and if the motion is in- 
Mr. GREEN. would be perfecüy satis- 
sisted on, as i suppose it will be, by the Sena- 
factory, I think; but I want to add one sugges- 
tor from Ohio, to postpone this bill, I catl for 
lion in regard to this Kansas bill. I desire to havc 
tbc yeas and nays. 
the Kansas bilk taken up at the proper time; but 
The yeas and nays were and being 
I have a number of amendmcnts t.o offer, and it 
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 27; as follows: 
will devolve upon me to explain them in a few 
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin. Bigler, Bra"", Bright, C.}in"- 
s.vords, and my health is such that I shali not be 
Inan, Fitch, Grec.n, Ilenjphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of 
, able to do it to-day. If it is required of n-i0, how- 
Arkansas, Johnson of •rennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Mason 
Pearce, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, 
ever, I will try to do it. 
Slidell, and Wigfhll—24. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. 
Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron, 
by the Senator from Massachusetts that [lie res- 
gented my views in relation •to it; and -I desire II Chandler, e,'ork, Collamer, Crittenden, Doolittle, 
