$56 
Why, MFV President, our Government ,has just 
adveftised' foi• a loan of and she could 
of it bid for; z nor even that except 
at- usuriousyates of interest, running up to the ex- 
treme of thirty-six per centum per annum. Fail- 
ures and bankruptcies, stac.nation and embarrass- 
ménteverywhere and among all classes. Business 
languishing; trade crippled; Commerce. curtailed; 
industry paralyied; artiSans and mechanics idle 
fir the want of: employment; factories stopped 
and operatives discharged; suffering among the 
lahocing poor; and families without necessaries 
even how, and Want, and perhaps starvation, just 
before them in the future; and this glorious fabric 
of«our Onion even now tottering to its fall. Four 
off the Fillars ihat sustained the towering edifice I 
arc, airp4dyl removcd; and among them, one of 
qriginal PKirteen upon which It first reposed. 
Six others are on the of being removed • 
soon to be followed, it may be, by half of the re 
idue, including among the slaveholding States t e 
first and the last to come into the Union. 
the circumstanccs which r- 
Mr. President, 
round us are enough to force us to pause and to 
porjder. And if we do so, we shall perceive the 
cold shadow-of events still more startling comino• 
upon usin the future. Even now vision Of civil 
war begins to rise up before us; but we are not 
yet able to discern the form thereof. 
Sir, Ilféel, for me, that we are in the midst of 
a crisi$ unprecedented in our history. It may be 
'ihe. vei•y crisiS of our country's fate. 
Some affect to ignore it all; as, for instance, the 
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. WADE,] who first ad- 
dvessed the Senate. 
Some, again, try to argue against it. 'l'hat is 
the wisdom of the ostrich, which thinks to escape 
.hiB pursuers by hiding his head in the sand. 
Othe}s still strive to allay apprehension. 
they say; " thcrc is no sufficient cause for 
danger." Grant it; nnd the danger is not thereby 
removed. Whatconcerns us, and what we ought 
to be concerned about, is the magnitude of the 
evil. It matters not how trifling and insignificant 
the cause. A very small leak will sink a line-of- 
battle ship; and when tho noble craft has gone 
down forever, it will not relieve the disaster to 
point out the smallness of the cause. You mav 
tell me never so eloquently how she was able to 
battle with the storm-king on his own element, 
and to vanquish him; but the fact still remains 
that the gnawings Of an insect has sunk her into 
the abyss. The American Revolution, says Mr. 
Is it not 
Webster, was fought on preamble. 
wiser and better to admit the truth, and look the 
danger full in the face? Then we may 'hope to 
prevent, or at least to avoid it. 
The prudent man foreseeth the evil, and hideth him- 
selt'; but the fool passcth on, and is punished." 
But there are causes, Mr. President, for the 
I 
perilous condition of affairs which is upon us. 
know Senators say, statc your grievances; draw 
up your bill of indictment; implying that there 
arc no grievances, and that no bill of indictment 
can be drawn up. They are in crror. They 
gay, you complain of the Government; and yet 
the Government has been, for most of the time, 
in the hands of the Democratic party." 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January '14, 
tion of the spirit of the Missouri compromise. 
Moreover, the admission of California destroyed 
the equilibrium in the Senate between the slave- 
holding and thb •non-slaveholding States forever, 
and- put the South at the mercy of the North. 
But the complaint, I repeat, is not against the 
It is against the action of certain 
Government. 
States, and of the people of those States—States 
which are the parties to the constitutional com- 
pact, on which rests the Union of which they and 
their southern sisters are alike members. 
They reap special advantagcs from the Union, 
in the protection it gives to their manufacturin«r 
industry; in the bounties it lavishes upon their 
fishing interests; in the discriminations it imposes 
in favor ofthcir commcrcc; in the millions of ex- 
penditures it pours annually into their lap; and 
they cry very loudly for its preservation, while, 
at the very same time, they are violating the Con- 
stitution which supports the Union. They vio- 
late the compact on their part, and insist that 
their southern confederates shall be required, nay 
f coerced by force and by war, to keep it on their 
part; as if, in the language of Mr. Webster, " a 
compact broken on orle side was not broken on all 
sides." They pass their personal libcrty bills 
there are some exceptions; I single them out, and 
honor them—bills in the very teeth of the Con- 
stitution, in contempt of it, and intended to de• 
prive their southern brethren of their undoubted 
rights under the Constitution. 
These bills not only do wrong and injury to 
their southern brethren, but they intensify the 
wrong by adding insult to the injury. They are 
passed in States wherc it has been admitted on 
this floor a fugitive slave scarcely ever goes—not 
onc in forty years, according to the Senator from 
Vermont, (Mr. COLLAMLR.Ü A high-spirited peo- 
plc may bear wrong, but it is quite too much to 
expect that they will bear with patience insult 
added to the wrong; and this, too, from those 
standing in the relation of friends and brethren. 
" It was not an enemy that reproached me,' 
says 
I the wor(l of inspiration; " 
then could have borne 
but it was thou, a man mine equal, rny guide 
and minc acquaintance.' 
T hc fugitive escapes. Is he delivered up in obe- 
dicncc to the ccnumand of the Constitution? No, i 
hc is harbored and secreted and hastened on 
Sir; 
[f the, nmster is passing through the 
his way. 
in the spirit of I 
State, is he bid God-speed 
friendship and fraternity? On the contrary, his 
slave is enticed away by false promises, or is 
ravished from him by force. Underground rail- 
roads are established, stretching from thcremotest 
slaveholding States clear up to Canada. Secret 
acrencies are put to work in the very midst of 
our slaveholding communities, to steal away the 
slaves. 
T hc constitutional obligation for the rendition 
of the fugitive from service is violated. The laws 
of Congress enacted to carry tllis provision of the 
Constitution into effect are not executed. 'I"heir 
execution is prevented. Prevented, first, by hos- 
i tile and -unconstitutional State legislation. Sec- 
ondly, by a vitiated public sentiment. Thirdly, l, 
by the conceaiing of the slave, so that the United , 
States law cannotbe made to reach him. And when 
they are in error again. The complaint is not I I the runaway is arrested under the fugitive slave 
ered his slave; he has never recovered a dollar of 
his value, although he has spent more than his 
Valuc in the endeavor. He has recovered judg- 
ment, and incurred costs, and that is all. And in this 
very case the sunreme court. of Wisconsin coni- 
mitted the judicial outrage of deciding the fugitive 
slave law unconstitutional. And even yel the 
fruitless litigation is not ended. This lawlessness 
is felt with special seriousness in the border slave. 
States. The underground railroads start mostly 
from these States. Hundreds of thousands of dol- 
Idrs are lost annually. And no State loses more 
heavily than my own. Kentucky, it is estimated, 
loses annually as much as $200,000. The other 
border States, no doubt, lose in the same ratio, 
Missouri much more. 
Bat all these losses and outrages, all this disre- 
gard of constitutional obligation and social duty, 
are as nothing in their bearing upon the Union, 
in comparison with the animus, the intent and 
purpose, of which they are at once the fruit and 
thecvidence, They demonstrate thattheauthority 
of the Constitution has ceased to be respected at the 
North. That instead of fraternal feelings—instead 
of the good faith which ought to subsist between 
confederates—there are animosity and bad faith. 
And it is rendered worse still by the consideration 
that it was-not so in the earlier and better days of 
the Repüblic. Then there were loyalty to the 
Constitution and kindness towards the South. 
These are now changed, it is to be feared, into 
disloyalty and hatred. If so, how remorseless is 
that hatred? 
Earth hath no hate like love to malice turned, 
Nor hell a demon like a brother scorned." 
Is this a gloomy and portentous picture? 1 fear 
it is not equal to thesad reality. A worse picture 
is yet to be added. 
These sentiments have become the animatin& 
spirit of a political party. They have found ex- 
pression in its platform of principles; they have 
nominated candidates for the Presidency and Vice 
Presidency; and they have elected them bya strict- 
ly sectional vote. 
The candidate just elected to the Presidency 
was the first man of his party to enunciate 
the dogma that there is an irrepressible conflict 
between the slaveholding and non-slaveholding 
States. This house of the Constitution, made 
by oar fathers, and which they supposed , by being 
divided into many apartmen Is, s,vas thcrcby rcn- 
dcred morc commodious for a harmonious Family 
of numerous and happy States; this Union, we 
a house divided against itself. 
have been told, 
The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. PUGH,] not fong 
since, showed, beyond. cavil, that Mr. Lincoln, 
in uttering that sentiment, had reference to slavery 
in the States; not merely in the r Iterritories, but 
also and especially in the States. 
Moreover, Mr. Lincoln has announced the 
cerous dogma that, in point of political 
the neo•ro is the equal of the white man. 
in a 
speec.h mado by him at Springfield, Illinois, on 
the 17th of July, 1858, he said: 
I adhere to the Declaration of Independence. r f Judge 
DOUGLAS and his friends are not willing to stand by it, ket 
thein coine up and ainelld it. Let thenl make it read that 
all Incn are created equal, except negroes.' 
Again : 
Mv declarations upon this subject may be misrepre- 
against the Government. To assume that it is, 
is a great mistake. To bc sure, the action of the 
Government affecting thc institution of slavery 
has been prejudicial to the South, and violative 
of its constitutional rights. 
That was the case when the admission of my 
own State was resisted, and the Missouri restric- 
Lion was enacted into a law. The South has 
borne the weight of that unconstitutional restric- 
lion for more than a. quarter of a century. But 
Bhe did not complain, because it was the work in 
part of southerl) men. 
That was the case acrain in the passage of the 
Oregon territorial bill. President Polk, a. south- 
ern rnan, deprecated the blow aimed against the 
rights of the citizens of the slaveholding States 
by that bill as unjust and unequal. Yet, yield 
ing to wrhat he deemed the spirit of the Missouri 
compromise, he signed it. 
He signed it, be- 
cause Oregon was north of the compromise line 
of 360 30? 
That, still again, was the case in the admission 
or California. California did not lie north Gf 360 
30'; and .he:• constitution did not t.olerate slavery; 
and she was admitted into the Union, in viola- 
law—which, however, is seldom the case—he is 
very often rescued. It is said that, in such case, sent.ed", hut cannot be misunderstood. I have said that 1 do 
when suits are broutrht. acainst the rescuers, not understand the Declaration to mean that all men were 
courts and juries will enforce the laws against created equal in all respects. 'l'hey are not equal color; 
but, I suppose that it does mean to declarc that all men are 
them. But all this is accompanied by delay and 
equal in respects; they are equal in their right to life, 
vexation, and the most serious expenses—far ex- liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.' Certainlv,thenegro 
cecding thc value of the slave. Ar)d even when not our equal in color—perhaps not in man-y other re- 
, in the right to put in his mouth the bread his 
judgment is obtained, it is, in many cases, value- 
own hands have earned, he is the equal of every other man, 
less, for nothing can be znade on the execution. 
i, white or black." 
\ The rescuers are. cither worthless negroes or This needs no comment; its meaning is plain 
I equally insolvent white inen. But worse than all 
' i and unequivocal. I how beg to call the attention 
these rescues arc always accompanied by violence 
of the Senate for a moment only to the platform 
and consequently by the most imminent peril to 
upon which Mr. Lincoln secured his election. 
the master. They are effected by mobs Of ex- Considering the history and antecedents of this 
cited and fanatical whitc men and reckless black 
party, no man can doubt that the fol\owin« por- 
men, themselves runaway slaves. 
tion of the second resolution wag intended to be 
- l' Sir, I know gentlemen of my own State who applied to negro slaves: 
have slaves in a northern city, worth thousands of „ We solemnly the self-evident truths that all 
dollars, who prefer to bear the loss of them rather are endowed by certain inalienable rights, 
than jeopardize their lives in atte.mpting to recover 
among which are those of life, liberty, anci the pursuit or 
I them. Thc very casc to which the Senator from happiness; that govertlknents are instituted among men to 
secure the enjoyment of these rights." 
i Wisconsin [M r'. DOOLITTLE] alluded is a strong 
I i And that it denies that there can be any right 
illustration. The slave was rescued by a mob, 
i and the lifc of his master—whom I know well— of property in slaves, is clearly shown in the fifth 
resolution, in whiäh it is declared that the pres- 
A. was put in imminent peril. He never regov- 
