THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 14, 
concqrdåwith both its provisions and spirit. Ac- 
cording '10 i.h.e opinion of the Supreme Court of 
the U.r,ifed States—the appropriate and the ap- 
péinted tribunal for the arbitrament of such ques- 
tions—.he tribunål of last resort—they are guar- 
antied by the Constitution, as it was made by our 
fathers. 
*Thirdly. The Republican party has, brought 
aboüt the condition. of things-which *has made 
stich concessions necessary, and-that same party 
ought3 to be ready to grant the concessions which 
are needed in' order to remedy these evils. If they 
haye done. wrongs or inflicted injury, both justice 
and 'magnanimity require that they should make 
prompt and full 'reparation. In this, at least, you 
receive the hearty and cordial coöperation of 
the Democracy of the North. The northern De- 
mocrå€y, -have always been willing to sustain the 
COnstitution accord tng to its true construction , and 
So as to secure to the citizens of the slaveholding 
States their just and equal rights. 
Fourthly. You of the Republican party alone 
have the power to heal the dissensions which are 
dissolving the Union. The South cannot do it. 
The political power, adequate to the task, has 
passed out of their hands into yours. The north- 
ern Democracy are also unable to accomplish it. 
• They can only aid you. 
Fifthly. 'I'he northern States constitute the more 
populous and the more powerful section. Con- 
sequently you incur no danger by making the 
eopeessions. 
Sixthly. You are the victorious and the domi- 
nant party, and you ought not to be willing to 
abuse your power to the oppression of the van- 
quished and weaker section. Nay, more; stand- 
ing in aposition where a wantof generosity would 
be a reproach, you ought ever to be prompt to 
tender overtures. 
And, lastly. , the South asks no pecuniary' ad- 
vantage. She only demands safety. Can it be 
refused ? 
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from 
Kentucky [Mr. CRITTENDEN] has introduced 
into •the Senatc a joint resolution, proposing a 
number of articles as amendments to the Consti- 
tution. in the main, these articles meet my ap- 
probation. But I frankly confess I have objec- 
tions to that one—the first of the series—which 
proposes to extend the Missouri restriction ' 
line of 360 30' of north latitude, through thc ter- 
ritory of the United States, westwardly to Cali- 
fornia, excluding slavery north of the line, and 
requiring that it shall be protected by the territo- 
rial government, in all its departments, south of 
the line, And yet, sir, so anxious am I to re- 
lieve the country, that I would consent to waive 
my objections, and vote for the article, if peace 
and harmony could be restored, and the Union be 
preserved. I would vote for the article, althougl'i 
do not think it will do eqaal.jnsticc to the South. 
The partition of thc territory it proposes to make 
is unequal and disproportionate, and for that rea- 
It gives by far the larger part of' the 
son unjust. 
common territory to the North—at least four 
fifths of it. 
It says, to be sure, that the States 
that may be admitted into the Union, fcn•mcd in 
this portion, shall come in with or without sla- 
very, accordingly as their constitutions shall pro- 
vide. But, sir, we all well know, that if the slave- 
holder is never allowed to go there with his prop- 
erty, no slaveholding State will ever be fornied 
there. This portion of thc tcrritory, therefore, 
which, as I have already said, is four times larger 
than the other, is Inevitably forever set apart for 
free &ates. 
But is the other portion, which is by far the 
smaller one, secured to the slaveholding States? 
By no mealis. For the non-slaveholder m-ay settle 
there•as well as the slaveholder. And, sir, all the 
northern portion boing secured to the North, the 
emigrant aid societies will be able to devote all 
their means and energies to occupy the srnaller 
Southern part. 
It will, of course, bc much easier 
to make the conqucstof the one fifth than it would 
of thie whole 
It may be accomplished in one 
fifth of the time. 
'Ithis proposition, it seems to 
me, gives them a more favorable opportunity even 
than thev now have without it, of accomplishing 
the cher*jshed object of surrounding slave- 
holding States With a cordon of hostile non-slave- 
holding ones, as with a wall of fire, so as either to 
smother the institution or to make it destroy itself; 
the scorpion, as they say, surrounded by fire. 
If I remember correctly the terms of the prop- 
osition offered by the Senator from Minnesota, 
[Mr. RICE,] in regard to the Territories, prefer 
it to thåt of the Senator from Kentucky, [MI', 
CRITTENDEN.] But .1 speak of the proposition of 
the Senator from Minnesota only from recollec- 
tion. I have it not before me. 
Mr. President, I repeat, that, in my opinion, 
the diffculties and dangers which are thickening 
around us every hour can be dissipated but by 
one course. Concessions must be made full and 
certain, and that without delay. There is but 
one other alternative left, and that is a dissolution 
of our beloved Union. 
And now, Senators of the Republican party, if 
you are resolved to force this alternative, and 
refuse everything else, all the slaveholding States 
must, of necessity, make common cause—the bor- 
der and more central ones with their sisters of 
the southern extreme; and thus it will be the 
secession, not of one State only, nor of tbe cotton 
States merely; but of fifteen States. They have 
common institutions and interests, common ties 
and sympathies, and kindred blood. 
I apprehend that son)e harbor the belief that 
there is difference of opinion among the slave- 
holding States, and that when the time comes, 
there will be difference of. action. They imagine 
that the border States will refuse to go with the 
more southern ones. This, sir, I am sure, is a 
great mistake.. God grant it may not prove fatal. 
My own State is a border slaveholding State. 
She loves the Constitution which supports this 
Union with an affection as ardent and as profound 
as that of any of her confederated sisters. The 
principles of that Constitution constitute the very 
life-blood of her body-politic. 'l'hey animate 
and quicken hcr social system, and- thrill and 
vibrate through its evcry nervc and fiber. Her 
gallant sons have always been proud " to march 
under the flag and kccp step to the music of 
the Union." They have rushed to every battle- 
field when the honor of the Union has been at 
stake. And when, 
last war, Mexicans 
our 
wore heeding the cxhortation " to welcome Amer- 
icans to Mexican soil with bloody hands to hos- 
pitablc graves," they were quick to accept the 
bloody greeting. But if you are determined to 
push and precipitate disunion upon the country, 
though I am i10t authorized to speak for Mis- 
souri, yet do feel authorized to express 
belief that she will not hesitate to take her posi- 
tion with the South. Her institutions, hcr inter- 
ests, present and prospective, her lineacre, and the 
manners and habits and sympathies of her peo- 
ple, all " grapple her to the South with hooks of 
The institution of slavery was planted upon 
soil whcn it was first purchased by Mr. Jef- 
ferson from the First Consul •of the French. It is 
there still, with the ancient inhabitants of the upper 
Louisiana and their descendants. 
It has been 
greatly augmented and strengthened by the Amer- 
lean irnmirrration. 
It constitutes the wealth of 
hcr citizens, t.o the large extent of Ijerhaps one 
hundred million dollars. 
It contributes in a 
large degree to the support of her agricultural 
industry. It produccs two of her great staples 
almost exclusively—hemp and tobacco. 
Mr. President, let it not be supposed that Mis- 
souri will be deterred from taking her position 
because she has non-slaveholding States on her 
borders, some of whose people may be hostile to 
slavery. 
Sir,shc has already suffered deeply, grievously, 
from this cause; suffered not only by the loss of 
property, but by the loss of the lives of her citi- 
zens. No State has suffcrcd more, none perhaps 
so much. The underground railroad has been 
vifforouslyoperated against hef. Abolition incur- 
sions have been made into hcr territory, destroy- 
ing both life and property. John Brown made 
his first raids into Missouri. As recently as the 
cmnmencement of this very session of Congress, 
she has becn compelled to march a regiment of 
her citizen soldiery to her southwestern border, 
to protect her peaceful agriculturists against the 
incursions for robbery and murder of Montgom- 
ery and his band of " jayhawkers" and despera- 
does. And at this very moment she has a patrol 
of three companies of rangers and one of artillery 
upon that border, in order to maintain her own 
sovere,ignty upon her own soil. 
Will she be worse off when those of the resi- 
dents in the neighboring States who are the foes 
of her institutions and her peace shall be regarded 
by her as such, than she has been, while they 
were treated as friends? In the changed posture of 
affairs her citizens will be more vigilant and better 
prepared. And vigilance and preparation are the 
best guarantees of safety, 
Mr. President, I am sorry to say that Missouri 
seems to be the first of the slaveholding States 
selected after Mr. Lincoln's election for abolition 
attack. The New York Tribune, one of the most 
prominent of the organs of thé Abolitionists, 
shortly after the late presidential election, con- 
tained an article on that election. In that article 
it descanted upon the results and bearings of the 
election generally, and also especially in reference 
to Missouri. 
It used the following language: 
Deeply as we all rejoice on the general result of the 
election, there is even greater reason förpleasure and hope 
in the condition of things it thug reveals in Missouri. 
Here, then, is a slave State entering upon a struggle to 
rid herself greatest curse that can ever bet-an a peo- 
plc. She needs our help. She needs the cneoura oemcnt 
of the Inoral influence of the North on behalf of freedom. 
She needs, above all, that the tide of free emigration pour- 
ing westward should, as far as possible, find homes upon 
her soil. 'Chis part of the subject, especially, we commend 
to the attention of all parties who propose to seek for them- 
selves new abodes in the great West." 
But, sir, if disruption is to be forced upon us, 
we can at least guard ourselves acrainst incursions 
of that sort. 
Mr. President, I ought not to say, I will not 
say, that Missouri would be better off in the event 
of secession than she is nöw. But I may say that 
I cannot see how she can be greatly worse off. But, 
sir, I do not present before the Senate of the Uni- 
ted States the reasons why Missourians, in case of 
a division of the Confederacy into a northern and 
southern one , willfix the destiny of their State with 
the South. These reasons are properly reserved 
for another locality. Yet, Mr. President, I am 
satisfied that the citizens of Missouri do not 
desire to see the disruption of this Government. 
It would rend the «reat heart-strings of the entire 
State. She wouli submit to the most painful 
catastrophe with feelings like those with which 
an affectionate daughter would part forever from 
her long-loved and deeply-venerated mother.. Will 
you not spare her the mournful separation. 
Mr. President, I do not propose to argue the 
rigl•nt, under the' Constitution, of separate State 
secession. The controversy, in my opinion, has 
progressed beyond that stage of it. Secession is 
now already an accomplished fact. 
It has been 
thrice repeated. To stop to argue its constitution- 
ality is to lag behind the march of events. 
would be something like discussing the legality 
of the judgment ofa court, after its sentence had 
been executed and the convict hanged. 
Secession having actually t.aken place in four 
States, and just on the point of taking place in at 
least three others. we must now deal with its 
consequences. 
Following after secession, there comes upon us 
a question of more momentous import; and that 
is: has the Federal Governmcnt, by the Consti= 
tution, the right to coerce a seceding State back 
into the Union by force? In the emergency which 
is upon us this is now a practical question; and 
it is as Inomentous as it is urgent. 
Gentlemen on the other side seem to me to 
approach the subject under wrong impressions. 
They seem to think that the States were made 
for the Federal Government, and not the Federal 
Government for the States. But the truth is, that 
the Federal Government was made by the States 
for the States. 
Now suppose that Government becomes hos- 
tile in its spirit. and destructive in its action to the 
bights and institutions of the people of a portion 
of the States: what then? Lot the spirit which 
dictated our Declaration of Independence answer. 
On the other hand, suppose it fails to answer the 
purpose of its creation, and instead of insurino• 
domestic tranquillity, destroys it: what then ? Let 
the example of the revolutionary fathers, in wi th- 
drawing themselves and their States from the 
Government of the old Confederation, answer. 
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. PUGH] has said 
that he wid not stretch forth his hand to remove 
the vail behind which stands the Atlas which 
supports on his shoulders alone the firmament of 
our federative system. But, sir, 1 have no such 
aversion. 
I am willing to see the danger that lies 
I before us. If this Government is about torush into 
