•1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL 
the vortex of ruin, ',vant to know it. 
If civil 
war is removed from us but by a single step, do 
not let me be ignorant of it, lest I take that step 
in the dark. Hide from me the day when the 
dying agonies of my country shall begin; but do 
not hide from me the lawless and fåtal policy 
which must inevitably plunge ber into the mortal 
strife. 
By the tenth amendment of the Constitution— 
The powers not delegated to the United States by the 
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved 
to the States respectively, or to the pcoplc." 
The power to coerce , therefore, does notcxist— 
cannot exist., unless it has been delegated to the 
United States by the Constitution. Dut there is 
It follows, of 
no delegation of any such power. 
necessity, that the Federal Government does not 
possess it. And it will not sumce to argue that 
the Government ought to possess it. AIL such 
argument is confuted and confounded by the sin- 
gle and simplc truth that the Constitution nowhere 
gives the power. 
Nor will iqanswer to attempt to raise the power 
by implication. The very terms of the constitu- 
tional provision just quoted preclude the impli- 
forever. They 
utterly exclude any such conclusion. Yet somc 
persist in the attempt to deduce the power from 
I understood the Sena- 
the nature of compacts. 
tor from Tennessee , who first add ressed the Senate , 
to pursue that course. It is said that " whcn two 
parties make a compact, there results to each the 
power of compelling the other to execute it." 
Results from what? Such powcr can only re- 
sult, either, first, from thc compact itself, or sec- 
ond, from the fact of making it. It does not result 
from the compact, because we have already seen 
that the compact itself gives no such power to the 
it cannot result from the 
General Governmcntn 
fact of making the compact, because the compact 
itself expressly decla.res that it shall not vest ex- 
cept by Its own express delegation. 
But the States made the compact—the Consti- 
tution—not with the Federal Government, but 
with cach other. 'Ehe Federal Government never 
was a party to any compact with the States. 
Therefore, by the very postulate itself, that Gov- 
ernment can have no right to enforce the execu- 
tion of a compact to which it never was a party. 
The postulate assumed goos upon the further 
assumption, that the Constitution is a compact 
between the Federal Government and the States. 
But that assumption is false in fact. 
If such a power, therefore, as is assumed in 
the postulate—the power of forcible coercion— 
exists anywhere, it must belong to the other con- 
tracting States, which are parties to the Federal 
Constitution, and not to the Federal Government. 
The Federal Government is the result of' the com- 
It can only use the powers 
pact, and that. is all. 
given to it in express terms by the compact, noth- 
in" more. Unless the power, therefore, is vested 
in the Federal Government by the very terms of 
the compact, or, in other words, by the Consti- 
tution. it can neither coerce a State to remain in 
the Union, nor punish hcr when she goes out. 
But no such power is delegated by the Constitu- 
(ion to the Federal Government. 
The absence of this power is no casus ovnissus 
in the Constitution. So far from it, the very point 
was presented and pressed upon the convention 
which framed the Constitution, at the very com- 
mencement of its deliberations. The convention 
met. and commenced its labors on the 25th of 
N•lay, 1787. Only four days thereafter, on the 
29th, Mr. Randolph presented the plan ofa Fed- 
It consisted ofa series of fifteen 
era! Constitution. 
resolutions. The sixth resolution contained the 
foliowing: 
'I'hat the. national Legislature ought to be empowered to 
call (Orth the. fOrce of the Union against anv member of the 
Union failing to fulfiii its duty under the articles thereof." 
On the motion of Mr. Madison, this proposition 
was postponed, and it was never again called up. 
was poutponed by-the convention, and was never 
a«ain rencsved. (Madison Papers, pp. 192, 198.) 
So that the proposition to give to the General 
Government the power to coerce a State was dis- 
tinctly put to the convention twice over, on differ- 
ent days, and each time it was refused. 
The convention was exceedingly careful and 
scrupulous on this point of the power of the Fed- 
eral Government, in all of its departments, over 
the States. 
2. The sixth resolution of Mr. Randolph's plan 
contained another proposition akin to thc coercion 
It was " that the national Legisla- 
of a State. 
ture ought to bc empowered to negative all laws 
passed by the several States, contravening, in the 
opinion of the national Legislature, the articles 
of union or any-trcatv subsisting under the au- 
thority of the Union. 
This power w'as first agreed to. T Ins was on 
the 31st of May. Eut afterwards, on the 8th of 
Junc, it was reconsidered and voted down. It was 
never again renewed. (Madison Papers, pp. 139, 
174.) 
On the 18th of June, Mr. Hamilton also pro- 
posed aseries of resolutions, embodying his ideas 
ofa Constitution. His tenth resolution proposed, 
in order to prevent the passao•c of laws by the 
particular States contrary to the laws of the Uni- 
ted States, that the President should have power 
to appoint the Governor of each State w110 should 
have a negative upon the laws of the State ofwhich 
he wasGovcrnor. (Madison Papers, p. 205.) This 
also was refused. Again: it was proposed, in the 
eighth resoli_ltion of Mr. Randolph 's plan, to give 
to the President and a convenient number-of the 
Federal judiciary a power of revision of the laws 
of the several States. And this was rejected. 
(Madison Papers, p. 128.) 
But it is said that what is contended for is not 
coercion of a State; but only that the Federal Ex- 
ecutive is bound by the Constitution to see that 
the laws of the United States are faithfully exc- 
cuted. This I understand to be the position of 
I the Senator from fl'enncsscc, to whom I have al- 
ready alluded. Such infer to be the position of 
the President elect, if the newspapers of his party 
which have spoken on that subject truly give his 
position. Let us examine this a little. Suppose 
a State secedes, in the exercise either of a con- 
stitutionat or a revolutionary right—I do not carc 
which, for t.hc purposes in hand. She passcs laws 
in conflict v,'ith the laws of thc United States; they 
may be in regard to the revenue and its collec- 
tion, or the carrying of the mails, or anythino• 
else. An officer of the State, duly appointed such, 
acting in pursuancc of her laws, and in the cxc- 
cution of thern, does an act in violation of the laws 
of the United States. The Federal Executive un- 
dcrtakes to enforce the Federal laws against him. 
I Forthwith thc sovereignty of the State, whose 
acent and sorvant he is, and whose command he 
is obeyino•, is interposed to protect him. On the 
other hand, the United States Government brings 
its power into play to punish him. Here is neces- 
Government, refuses obey the laws" In hllie 
former case she has separated herself from- the 
Union, and: put off its jurisdictioh, To my min'd>, 
the difference is a clear, broad, ones-t : But; 
to enforce the laws within the-limits: Of a *State 
after' she has seceded is an impossibility.? This 
position was vindicated a few' days ago to'! ih:e 
Senate by the honorable Senator from Virginia 
[Mr. HUNTERI much more ably, than I can hope 
to be able to do it; and i shall therefore forbear 
to go over the ground much better occupied by 
Iiim, and shall invoke the attention•of the Senate 
to but a single view of it. 
The State has wi thd tawn herselffrom the Union. 
There is not a single Federal offcer within, her 
boundaries—no judges, no clerks, no marshals. 
In our Government the laws can be executed only 
by thc courts and their officers. The President, 
in fulfilling the duty imposed by the Con- 
stitution to see that the laws are faithfully exe- 
cuted, has no right to act as judge, jury, and exe 
He is no autocrat. 
cutioner. 
If the United States law is violated,the offense 
is cognizable under the Constitution only by the 
Federal judiciary. A court must be called; 
Federal judge must preside; a United States mar-t 
shal must bc there to execute process, and a dis- 
trict attorney to prosecute the But all 
this, in the case under consideration, is impossi- 
ble, because there is not a single one of all those 
officers within the limits of the State. Do you 
say you will change the laws, and send foreign 
judges and marshals into the State? Well, you 
make tho alteration of the law, and you send your 
judge and marshal to the State. 'But the State 
will- not roc9ivc them. She' excludes them by 
If you are determined to force 
force of arms. 
them upon her, it must bo done by Federal troops, 
and at the point of the bayonet. Here is war.. 
But suppose you shall succeed in forcing your 
offcers into the secedingState,and you open your 
courts. The party to be proceeded against must 
be indicted by a grand jury. This IS the first 
step. Without it you cannot put him on his 
But the grand jury must bc citizens of the 
trial. 
State. Each one of them is prohibitcd by the au- 
thority of his State from finding a truc bill, and 
therefore bc cannot do it. And each one may be 
liable to the very samc kind ofa prosecution, and 
therefore be will not do it. And the next step, 
which is also an indispensable one, is, that the 
accused is cntitlcd by the Constitution to be tried 
a traverse jury, which must also be composed 
of citizcnsoftheState. And they, too, for thcsamc 
reasons already *tated in regard to the grand jury; 
will not, and cannot, convict the accused. The 
Army of the United States cannot be made to 
play any principal part in the process of enforcing 
the laws of tho United States. 
Nor is the Prcsident authorized by the Consti- 
tution to allow the Army of the United States to 
play any principal part in the process of enforc- 
ing the laws. He can only send the troops to act 
jn the capacity of a posse, •under the direction of 
thc civil authorities. 'L"hese authorities must make 
sarily conflict and coercion. You may call it the I 
den-land for the posse, and take the charge of it. 
execution of the laws of the United States. It is, 
13ut in thc case supposed, there is neither civil om- 
nevertheless, coercion, and coercion of the sover- 
cer to make demand for the aid of the troops, nor 
eignty ofa State. 
Mr. President, this is reaching coercion by an is there any judgrnent ofa court 10 be executed. 
indirect and roundabout mode; and I confös•s that' Now, Mr. President, suppose it bc conceded 
that fåct does not render its features: any the less i that this kind of coercion is constitutional, and 
abhorrent to 1m y Inind. On the contrary, it makes that you arc able to put it into operation: what 
result have you reached in the process of it? You 
, them only the more so. You coerce each indi- 
have inaugurated war—nothing less, nothing else. 
vidual citizen of the State, and yet you say you 
do not coerce the State. Then you may hang as I Sir, war is the most terrible, of all cuiuruities under 
all circunlslances, and for the most righteou* of 
a traitor each individual citizen of the State, and 
causes. It stands first in the dreadful triumvirate 
the State will not be depopulated, nor lose a single 
for thc scourging of tho nations—war, pestilence, 
soul. Sir, such a result is not what is contem- 
and farnine; war first and chiefest of the three. 
plated by the Constitution of thc United States, 
when it makes it the duty of thc President to see But this would be the most wicked, horrib.e of 
It would be civil, internecine war; 
all wars. 
that the laws are faithfully executed. That Con- 
I perhaps also servile war. 
stitution never intended that the Federal laws 
In the dreary catalogue of wars that have cursed 
should be executed by force of arms within the 
limits of a State which has, in the most solemn I and depopulated and ravaged the earth, there is 
and authentic form, withdrawn itself from the none which is a parallel to what such a war must 
And it, was upon this occasion that he uttered the 
sentinlentsquote.d a few days since by the Senator II Union, and displaced the jurisdiction of the Gen- be. The civil wars of the Roman Empire in an- 
It has respect to the execution cient days, and those of the British in more, mod- 
from- Louistana [Mr. BENJAMIN I in his speech on eral Government. 
the question of State secession. (Madison Papers, of the laws of the Union only upon the soil ofa ern, are no types of. what this American civil war 
State while she remains within the Union, and must be. It will be a war of sections—the North 
5 Elliot's Debates, pp. 127, 128, 139, 140.) 
I against the South , and the South against the North. 
Afterwards on the 15th Of June, Mr. Patterson subject to its jurisdiction. 
It will bc a war of families—son against fatber, 
proposed a project of a Constitution. This also And herc, sir, is the exact point of difference 
In t.he latter brother acrainst brother, and husband against his 
consisted ofa series of nine resolutions. His sixth between secession and nullification. 
resolution also proposed to give to the General case, the State, still abiding in the Union, and wife's brother. it will be bitter, bloody ' 
Government the right to coerce a State. This also II acknowledging the jurisdiction of the Federal less, and exterminating. No man can tell when 
