THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
.Jan uary -14,• 
no fancy depict -its horrors, 
its: univgrsal,devastation and ruin. The picture 
drawn by Mr. Burke of. the havoc inflicted by 
Hyder Ali upon the Carnatic, will scarcely. con- 
vey an adequate idea of it. 
Sir, is any Senator on this floor prepared to re- 
sort to coercion in order to achieve such results ? 
Ought' any Senator to be willing. to deny -t04he 
Spuththe: constitutional concessions and guaran- 
tees necessary -to maintaih heuights and safety, 
at--„the risk of incurring thése consequences? 
Mr. Presiden% for myself,-A• denounce the pol- 
icy arid the construction of the Constitution which 
must Veadtosuehdisasters. If we must separate, 
-let-us separate in peace. If Republicanism, hav- 
ing -beatem down and subdued the gallant De- 
moeiacy-•of2' the North, is determined, in spite 
o_f guarantees, in spite of social 
duties, in spite of justicc and right, to exterm- 
inate -the institution of slavery from every part 
Of the soil of every State in tho Union, or else 
to force the slaveholding States to go out of the 
Union, let our separation be without the shedding 
of blood. 
Let there be no strife, I pray thee, between thee and 
me, and between thy herdmen and my Inerdmen, we are 
brethren. Separate thyself, I pray thcc, from Inc. thou 
Wilt umke the left hand, then I will go to the right; or if 
thou depart to the right hand, then I will go to the left. 
Genesis, xiii, 8. 
Mr. President, South Carolina has, by solemn 
ordinance, declared herself withd rawn from the 
Union; and repealed. the act •by which she ratified 
the Constitution, and- entered into the Confeder- 
acy. This has been done' by a convention delib- 
etately -ctdled- by her people for that purpose. 
Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida ate in the same 
position. Other States are following close in the 
same path. 
Sir, I am sorry that the good people of these 
States, in the exercise of their high discretion for 
secu ring their sacred constitutionål rights, had not 
scen fii to consult with their sister slaveholding 
States before adopting this policy. These States 
all have the samo institutions, the same rights, 
the same blood. Their cause is a common one; 
their policy, it seems to me, ought to have been a 
common one also. 
But, Senators, I will never give my vote nor 
my consenteither to coerce or io execute the laws 
by force of arms in any one of them. 'l'o do that 
would be to wage wer upon them; and that war 
could have but one object, and that to subjugate 
the State,'ttnd bring her back. a captive in chains. 
Is, there any Scnator who would be willing to 
achieve ' that scandalous and monstrous result, 
even if it were possible to accomplish it? The 
Constitution of the United States was never de- 
signéd by the fathers to be prostituted to any 
such base purpose of oppression- and outrage. It 
has no aptitude to coerce and hold in unwilling 
union alienated, hostile, and belligerent States; nor 
to maintain a centralized despotic power to dom- 
inate over subjugated provinces, and to coerce 
their allegiance by the bayonet and the sword. 
It is clcnr that in the attitude now held by South 
Carolina and the other seceding States towards 
the Federal Government, the laws of the United 
States can be executed there only by tho milita- 
ry power of the Government. The attempt will 
be resisted by arms. The very first. step therefore 
is, inevitably, civil war. Other States will rush 
to her aid; and it will bc a war of one half of the 
States against the other half. How can any 
friend of the Union bring himself to support or 
countenance such a measure. It witi be a disso- 
lution of the Union in blood. 
In such case, 
there can be no hope of reconstruction. No man 
can be so blind as not to see it. 
But if dissolution must come, let it peaceful. 
Then there may be a hope for reconstruction; 
fraternal feelings may be restored; the evil spirit 
of abolitionism may be exorcised; mutual inter- 
ests and wants may, as at the first, again attract 
the separated States together. They may aøain 
send up their deiegates to another convention, to 
make another Constitution, which shall indeed 
form a more perfect Union, establish justice, 
insure dornestic tranquillity, provide for the com- 
to the consideration of the resolutions offered by 
epoch, to that height of happiness •rand power 
which has drawn upon us the gaze and the ad- 
miration of the whole civilized world. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. WILSON. I move that. the resolutions be 
But far better would it be, Mr. President,' that 
dissolution should be arrested and civil war pre- 
postponed to and specially assigned for Thurs- 
day next at half past Twelve o'clock, 
vented; that timely concessions should be made, 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 hope the gentleman 
amply sufficient to assure to every southern 
will agree to an earlier day than that; we ought 
State her rights and her equality in the Union, 
not to trifle with this subject. 
in all time to come, Then our career as a free 
Mr. WILSON. The Kansas bill comes up 
people would only be momentarily checked by 
this shock of dissolution which is upon us, and 
on Wcdnesday, and the Pacific railroad bill to- 
we should hereafter continue to expand and im- 
morrow. 
prove and advance until we should reach the full 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. PpesidQnt, 1 will 
meridian •of national greatness and happiness. 
submit to a motion to postpone it until to-mor- 
And, Mr. President, if the spirit of fraternity 
row; but as for giving way to the Pacific railroad 
and conciliation has fled from this Congress and 
bill or to any other bill, I think the Senate will 
this Senate Hall, is it clean gone from the coun- 
not consider it proper. The people expectat least 
f try forever? Does it no longer move the masses 
a decision upon this subject, and I shall insist 
of honest and true men of the North? Do they 
upon it at the earliest period. If the gentleman 
not still lovc their country, the whole country, 
will rnake a motion to postpone until to-morrow, 
thc South as well as the North? Will they forget 
will vote for it; but I will not agree to postpone 
the spiritin which the war of the Revolution -svas 
this tneasurc for the railroad bill or for any other. 
waged? Will they not recollect that George Wash- 
Mr. WILSON. To-inorrow has been assigned 
inøton, a southern man, led their fathers of the 
for the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill ; 
North as well as the men of the South in that 
the Senate have assigned Wednesday for the 
I Kansas bill; and on Thursday, at one o clock, the 
war; that while northern men offered up their 
lives on southern battle-fields, the men of the 
resolution proposed by the Senator from Virginia 
South as cheerfully shed their blood in defense 
i will come up. I propose to• assign these resolu- 
of their brethren on northern soil? And remem 
- tions for half past twelve o'clock on that day; my 
bering that Heaven itself deals with his creature, 
object being to say a fev.,' words upon the resolu- 
man, through mediation and in infinite conces: 
tions when they shall come up. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate 
sion; remernbcring, too, that in order to form the 
Constitution of our Government, their fathers 
ready for the question on the motion of the Sen- 
rnade econcessions upon this very subject of sla- 
ator from Massachusetts ? 
very, will they refuse the concessions now de- 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. not want to appear 
to be too urgebtand too pressing upon the Senate 
mar)dcd by the South, not merely on the score of 
equality and of right, but as necessary to the 
in relation to this matter; butl do think that this 
safety of their wives and children? Will they 
may well be considered as trifling with the great- 
not yield them, and so prcserve, or, if need be, 
est subject that can possibly be before this Scn- 
reconstruct, the union of these American States ? 
ate, if we consent to such a postponement, and 
Mr. President, I appeal from their Representa- 
make the reason for it the pendency of this or that 
tives to the sovereign people of the North; and 
bill. 
I cannot consent to it; and I hope, if the 
may God grant to interpose for our country in 
Senate are disposed to treat the subject at all with 
this the hour of her extremity and need. 
the solemnity that belongs to it, that we shall at 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, 1 move 
least show respect enough to the subject to man- 
that the rcsoiutions *Which I had the honor of 
ifest a tetnper and disposition to act upon it deci- 
oftöring some time acro may be taken up now for 
ded)y and promptly. T hc motion is to postpone, 
consideration. 
I believe— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. MAs,0N in 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Scnators will 
the chair.) What disposition will the Senator 
please resume their scats. 'I'he Chair cainot hear 
make of the resolution now before the Senate ? 
the Senator on the floor. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 will make any dis- 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. With the per- 
position of it that is agreeable to the gentleman 
mission of the Senator from Kentucky, 
who offered it. i will move to postpone it to some 
state that it is utterly impossible for us on this 
day that wili be agreeable to him, or to lay it on 
side, from one cause or another, to hear a w•ord 
the tuble,nnd then he can call it up when he pleases. 
that he addresses to us. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then, Mr. President, 
from Kentucky moves to lay the resolution now 
I move to postpone this subject until' to-morrow, 
before. the Senate on the table. 
with an order of the Senate that it shall be taken 
Mr. GREEN. 1 call the attention ofthe Sen- 
up at half past twelve o'clock, and proceeded with 
ator from Virginia to that question before the vote 
to the exclusion of all other business until finally 
is taken. 
decided upon. 
Mr. HUNTER. I do not object to t.he reso- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
lution being postponed in order to take up the 
understands that the motion to postpone to the 
resolutions- of the Senator from Kcntucky. Is 
furthest day will take precedence; and the ques- 
that the object? 
tion will thereforebe first put on the motion made 
Mr. CRITTENDEN, Yes, sir. 
by the Senator from Massachusetts, unless it is 
withdrawn by him. 
The, PRESIDING OFFICER. To what time 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. well, sir, it can be 
shali it be postponed ? 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 should like to have it post- 
taken first on the longest day, and then on the 
poncd until Thursday next, so as to give time for 
shortest. 
Senators to act upon the proposition. 
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate do now 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to 
adjourn. 
'Mr. CRITTENDEN. on that question, 
postpone tho further consideration of this resolu- 
tion until Thursday next at one o 'clock, and make 
call for the yeas and nays. 
I want this question 
it t.he order of the day for that time. 
acted upon; and from this dilatory sort of pro- 
The motion was agreed to. 
ceedings, it seems to me it is evident gentlemen 
are tryincy to postpone this subject, and give it no 
SLAVERY QUESTION. 
considcration. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Now 1 submit my 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
1 mn only desirous, Mr. President, to E Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to ask a single 
motion. 
have a vote of thc Senate upon this subject; and 
question: whether, if we adjourn now, it does 
if the measures which I have proposed are not not leave this subject to coine up to-morrow as 
acceptable to the Senate, we may perhaps, if unfinished business? 
these arc disposed or, agrcc upon others that may Mr. CRITTENDEN. I want the order voted 
I wish to act upon the subject. 
find favor. 
1 
I upon that we shall continue the consideration of 
believe when we had this subject under consid- 
this subject until it is disposed of; and upon that 
crati.on before, the question was upon the adop- I want the yeas and nays, and intend to have 
mon defense, promote the general welfare, and Of the first article Of amendment which them. 
I had the honor of offering. 
I hope the question 
secure tbc blessingk of liberty to themselves and i 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, 1 desire to ask 
their posterity." And the third Union may be may be taken on it, and on that question I ask 
more lasting and glorious than either that which thc yeas and nays. 
A motion to 
bore us triumphan tly through the revolutionary Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator adjourn is not debatable. 
war, or that which has elevated us since that II from Kentucky asks the Senate to proceed now i Mr. GREEN.' I merely wished to ask whether 
