1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
869 
authorizing them to receive it. R. A. Davidge 
has left his residence in this city, and his present 
residence is unknown. I know the facts are cor- 
rece, and that these parties are entitled to the 
money. 
No objection being made, the resolution was 
ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time; and 
being enm•ossed, it was accordingly read the third 
time, and passed. 
BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the resolution was passed; and also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsideron the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
ENROLLED BILL. 
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act for 
the relief of the assignee of Hon. David C. Brod- 
erick, deceased; when the Speaker signed the 
same. 
IIARBORS IN 01110. 
Mr. WADE introduced a bill making appro- 
priations for the repairof the harbors at the mouth 
of the Cuyahoga river, in the county of Cuya- 
hoga, in the State of Ohio; and also for the re- 
pair or reconstruction of the harbor at the mouth 
of Grand river, in the county of Lake, in said 
State; which wag read a first and second time 
and referred to the Committee on Commerce. 
SUSPENSION OF FEDERAL LAWS. 
Mr. GARNETT introduced a joint resolution 
to suspend the execution of the Federal laws 
within certain States; which was read a first and 
second time, and retirred to the select committee 
of five havin& in charge the special message of 
the President of the United States. 
PORT OF BALTIMORE. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, introduced a bill 
to continue in force the act therein mentioned, 
relating to the port of Baltimore; which was read 
a first and second time, and referred to the Com- 
mittee on Commerce. 
TARIFF. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, introduced a joint 
resolution repealing the tariff of 1857, and reviv- 
ing the tariff of 1846; which was read a first and 
second time, and referred to the Committee of 
Ways and Means. 
MODE OF ELECTING PRESIDENT. 
Mr. WHITELEY introduced a bill 
an amendment of the Constitution of the United 
States, in reference to the mode of electing the 
President and Vice President of thc United States; 
which was read a first and second time, and re•- 
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
SUSAN BAYARD. 
Mr. HALL introduced a bill for the relief of 
Susan Bayard, widow of A. W. R. Bayard, de- 
ceased, an invalid soldier of the war of 1812; which 
was read a first and second time, and referred to 
the Committee on Invalid Pensions. 
UNION RESOLUTIONS. 
N'Lr. A DRAIN. I beg leave to present the pro- 
ceedings ofa mecting held in Newark, New Jer- 
sey, and ask that they be referred to the select 
committee of thirty-three. The resolutions breathe 
the spirit of compromise, and of devotion to the 
Constitution and the Union. 
By unanimous consent, they wcre referred to 
the committee of thirty-three. 
COLLECTION OF DUTIES. 
Mr. McKEAN introduced a bill to repeal so 
much of an act regulating the collection of duties, 
&c., approved March 2, 1799, as makes certain 
ports South Carolina ports of entry; which 
was read a first and second time. 
Mr. McKEAN asked that it be referred to the 
Committee on Commerce. 
I object to that reference of 
Mr. BRANCH. 
the bill. move to refer it to the select commit- 
tee of five to which was referred the special mes- 
I think that is the proper 
sage of the President. 
reference, and I hope there wilt bc no objection 
to its going to that committee. 
Mr. McKEAN. I object to it; and prefer that 
it shall go to the Committee on Commerce. 
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope the gentleman from 
Ncv„r York will permit the bill to go to the sclcct 
connnittee. T hc subject-matter of the bill most 
naturally comes within the province of that com- 
mittee. 
Mr. McKEAN. well, 1 will withdraw my 
objection . 
Ehe bill was referred to the select committee of 
five. 
FRANKLIN TORRY. 
Mr. HOARD. 1 ask the indulgence of the 
House to listen a moment, while I introduce, and 
propose to put upon its passage, a bill for the 
relief of Franklin Torry. It is a bill authorizirp 
the Treasury Dcpartment to reissue lost bonds. 
Tho proof of thc ownership of the bonds, and of 
their destruction by the burning of the steamer 
Austria, is complcte. The party lives in Italy, 
and has been waiting some time for this bill to 
pass. The bill was drawn up at the suggestion 
of the Treasury Department, and provides for 
bonds of indemnity. It is a merc matter of form- 
ality, and I ho e it will pass. 
Mr. QUAREES. Does this bill the 
payment of money ? 
Mr. HOARD. It does not. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from 
New York, my colleague on the Committee of 
Claims,' if this case has been before that commit- 
tee, and if the bill is a report from the Committee 
of Claims? 
Mr. HOARD. It is. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 was not aware that the 
case had been before the Committee of Claims. I 
would prefer that the bill should go to a Commit- 
tec of the Whole House. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 will not object to the pas- 
sage of the bili as proposed by the gentleman from 
New York. 
I avail myself of the occasion to 
say, however, that there ought to bea general law 
to cover all similar cases. 
Mr. HOARD. Thiscase has been referred to 
the Secretary of the Treasury, and the bill has 
been drawn by him. 
Mr. BRANCH. I will not object to the pas- 
sage of the bill ; but I hope the gentleman , inasmuch 
as his attention has been called to thc subject, 
will report a bill of a general character to cover 
all these cases. 
Mr. MAYNARD. It is proper that 1 should 
state that the ground of my objection was that I 
was not satisfied that the party applying here for 
relief had furnished evidence of his ownership of 
It seems, however, that 1 
the lost certificates. 
was mistaken. 
Thc bill was ordered to be engrossed and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. HOARD moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay 
the motion to rcconsider upon the table. 
The latter motion •was agreed to. 
COMMODORE PAULDING. 
Mr. POTTLE introduced a joint resolution 
authorizing Commodore H. Paulding to accept a 
sword and land from the Government of Nicar- 
agua; svhich was rcad a first and second time, and 
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. 
BIG PECAN ISLAND, LOUISIANA. 
Mr. LANDRUM submitted the followiDff pcs- 
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed 
to: 
Resolved, That the Committee on -Public Lands he in- 
structed to inquire into toc expediency of reviving the res- 
ervation on Bii' Pecan Island, Louisiana, so as to authorize 
its sale to the settlers. thereon, ilk accordance with the 
prayer of their petition, and to report by bill or otherwise. 
PUBLIC LANDS IN KANSAS. 
Mr. PARROTT introduced a resolution to ex- 
tend the provisi0\1s of the resolution relative to 
sections sixteen and thirty-six, in the rycrritorics 
of Minnesota, Kansas, arid Ncbraska, to certain 
lands in the 'I*crritory of -Kansas; which was read 
a first and second time, and referred to the Com- 
mittee on Public Lands. 
WAGON AND MILITARY ROADS IN NEBRASKA. 
Mr. DAILEY submitted the resolu- 
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to: 
Resolved, 'I'hat the C0Enmittee on Military Affairs be 
structed to inquire into the necessity of appropriations för 
wagon and Inilitary roads in the Territory Öt' Nebraska, and 
report by bilk or otherwise. 
CINCINNATI A PORT OF ENTRY. 
Mr. PENDLETON introduced a bill to estab- 
1ish a port of entry at Cincinnatij in the. Statc -of 
Ohio; which was read a firstand second 
referred to the Committee on Commerce. 
ADDITIONAL DOORKEÉPER. 
Mr. EDMUNDSON. 1 offer the following 
resolution : 
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper be authorized to appoint 
an additional doorkeeper for the gentleman's? gallery. 
I understand that it is diffcult to keep order in 
that gallery, andthat another doorkeeper is needed. 
I offer the resolution in order to preserve the 
order of the House. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
Mr. EDMUNDSON moved to reconsider the 
vote by which the resolution was agreed to; and 
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon 
the table'. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
PUBLIC PROPERTY LN SOUTH. 
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 offer the following reso- 
lution: 
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested 
to communjcate to this House copies of all deeds:made by 
the several southern States to the United States for land to 
be used för iörts, arsenals, dock -yards, navy-yards, custom- 
houses, post offices, hospitals, and other public buildings, 
from the commencenuent of the Govermnent to the 1st day 
o? January, 1861. 
Mr. BRANCH. I sce in this resolution a very 
fruitful source' of litigation, but I can see no good 
that can result from it. 
think, therefore, the 
gentleman from Virginia had better withdraw the 
resolution. 
Mr. BURNETT. If objection is made to that 
resolution, is it debatable ? 
The SPEAKER. If objection is made, the 
resolution is not debatable. 
Mr. CLEMENS. The gentleman from North 
Carolina was allowed to make objection to ihe 
resolution. 
The SPEAKER. If objection be made, debate 
must sto 
Mr. BfrRNETT. 1 object to the resolution. 
The SPEAKER. Then it cannot bc received . 
Mr. CLEMENS. Is it competent for me to 
move suspension of the i•ulcs ? 
The SPEAKER. Not until one hour has ox- 
pired. The resolution must lie over. 
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 understood that the 
was on the States for resolutions for rcfcrence 
only. I did not suppose that it was competent 
for a single member to defeat the object of that 
The SPEAKER. All resolutions calling for 
information from the Departments, must lie over 
one day, if objected to. That is the rule under 
which the action of the Chair has taken place. 
Mr. VANDEVER. The offered. 
The gen tleman from North Carolina [Mr. 
BRANCH] rose, and did not object to the rccöption 
of thc resolution, but urged his objections to its 
adoptioff. 1 supposed that it was before the 
House for consideration, and I think that the ob- 
jection of the gentleman from Kentucky comes 
too late. 
BURNETT. The gentleman is mistaken 
in a point of fact, as the Speaker will remember. 
I rose as soon as the resolution was offered and 
addressed the Speaker; but the Speaker recoo- 
nized the gentleman from North Carolina. As 
soon as I could get the floor, I made the objection. 
Mr. VANDEVER. Then the gentleman must 
have withdrawn the objection so far as to allow 
the gentleman from North Carolina to make a 
speech axainst the merits of the resolution. 
Mr. BRANCH. The rule is not that resolu- 
tion.s which are objected to shall lie over, but 
those which give risc to debate. 
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 suppose that it is com- 
petent for me to give notice that I will move to 
consider the rcsolution to-morrow. 
STA'IT OF COUNTRY. 
Mr. VANCE. I suppose that as Congress has 
been making speeches to Buncombe for forty 
years, there will be no objection to Buncombe 
making a speech for once, for herself. there- 
fore beg leave to offer resolutions from Buncombe 
county, and also from Caldwell county, North 
Carohna, in relation to the state of the country; 
and I ask that they be refcrrcd to the committee 
of th irty-three. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, Illinois. 1 desire to 
