364 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 14, 
ask if theÅe resolutions -are in earnest, or merely 
for Buncombe? 
Mr. VANCE. They are in earnest. Bun- 
combe never speaks for herself except when she 
is in earnest, 
The resolutions'were referred to the committee 
of thirty-three. , 
IIDIRs.0F JEAN A. B. DAUTEaRIVn. 
Mr. DAVIDSON. 1 ask the unanimous 
sentof the House to take up±louse bill No. 583, 
for the relief oflthe heirs and legal representatives 
of Jean' AP. B. Dauterive. 
Mr. SHERMAN. object until the morning 
hour has expired. 
nvENING SESSIONS. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 offer the following reso- 
lution : 
Resolved, That during this week it shall be in order, after 
four o'clock, p. in. , to take a recess until seven o'clock, p. m. 
Mr. JONES. 1 object to that resolution. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 call the previous ques- 
offer the resolution in pursuance of the 
tion. 
understanding entered into on Saturday last. 
Mr. JONES. 1 object. 
I wish to inquire of 
the gentleman from Ohio if it is the intention of 
that resolution to have night sessions? 
Mr. SHERMAN. It was the desire and un- 
derstanding on all sides of tha House on Satur-. 
day that we should have three days' debate; and 
I offer this resolutidn simply to carry out that un- 
derstanding,• m.vithout any desire to debate myself. 
Mr. JON ES. I desire to know whether it is thc 
intention of the mover of that resolution merely 
iO have debate when we meet at seven o'clock in 
the evening? If so, I "•.vill not object to it.. But 
if any business is to be attended to ut night I will 
object to it. 
Mr. SHERMAN. rt was understood that it 
was the dcsire of that Sidc of the House that there 
should be general debate for three days. 
pose that there is no legislative business to bc 
done. 
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from Ohio 
would insert in his resolution that tbc cvcnil'l& 
Sess'ions are to be for the purposes of debate only, 
that would obviate all thc diffculty. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, if that 
be the dc.sit•c bf the Elousc. 
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be mod- 
ifiod so as to mako it read, for purposes of de- 
bate onl 
Mm VALLANDIGHAM. 
I object to the 
resolution unless it is understood thåt a quorum 
is to be present. 
The SPEAKER. The. Chair suggests to the 
gentleman from Ohio that that is a matter which 
mu-st be controlled by the House. 
Mr.- WASH BURNE, of Illinois. 
I desire to 
nsk a question of tl'hC Chair. Under this resolu- 
tion it would be in the discretion of the House, 
as I understan(l it, to take a recess or not. 
iftired of debate, -refuse to take a recess by a vote 
of the majority. The matter will be within the 
power of the majorit!. 
Mr. VALLIND[GHAM. Has the amend- 
ment suggested, in regard to limiting the eveninff 
sessions to debate, been incorporated in the reso- 
lution ? 
I The SPEAKER. It has been. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then 1 raise the 
point of order, that this is equivalent to a change 
of t.he rules of the House. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de- 
cided that it requires a two-thirds vote. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There is another 
rule to which I call the attention of the Chair. 
It is, that the rules cannot be changed without one 
day's notice; and I make a point of order upon 
The SPEAKER. That position is correctly 
taken. The resolu tion must lie over. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Do 1 understand 
the Chair to decidc that the resolution is to be laid 
on the tablc, under the rules? 
The SPEAKER. Yes; because one day's 
notice of a change of the, rules is required. 
I understood that 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
the resolution was received by the House. There 
certainly was debate, and the resolution was be- 
fore us for our action. I think the point of order 
comes too late. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion 
that tile point of order was made in time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Then i give notice that, at 
the proper time, I will move to suspend the rules. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. intended my 
poillt of order to apply only to the amen(lment to 
not to the resolution itself, to 
thc resolution, 
which I have no objection. 
The SPEAKER.• The resolution is an entire 
thing. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I withdraw my point 
Inasmuch as the gentlernan fron*l Ohio 
of order, 
has in tormed the I-louse hc will move to suspend 
the rules at the proper time. 
ABSTRACTED BONDS. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask leave to a com- 
munication referred to the select committee of five, 
on the al.)stractc.d bonds of the Indian bureau. 
It 
is a Ictter from a fonnor Secretary of thc Interior, 
Mr. McClelland. I merely desirc to havc it re- 
ferred to the select committee of five on these 
bonds. 
Mr. BOCOCK. it is 
to the gentlemen who have bccn implicated—IMr. 
McClelland among the number—that this letter 
should be referred to that committee, an(l that the 
subject of' it should investigated. Mr. McClel- 
land has been charcred with improper in 
the matter of Indiai) teust bonds, and he wishes 
It is due to him 
to have the subject investigated. 
that it should Be. 
It is understood that -other 
tlemell who held office under former Administra- 
the satne position; and it is 
tions are placed in 
equally clue to them—Mr. Stuart, of (the State of 
Vn•ginia, and other gentlemen, are mentioned— 
that. the reförence should be rnade, and the subject 
fully investigated. 
I will state to the 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
House that the communication presented by the 
cyentleman from Ohio was placed in in y hands as 
cessors, to state that I.never heard any such insinuation 
a«ainst either while L was in the Department. 
With high regard, your obedient servant, 
R. McCLELLAND. 
. Hon. WILLIAM A. HOWARD. 
There being no objection, the communication 
was referred to the select committee of five' on the 
abstracted bonds. 
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS. 
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. 1 offer the fol- 
lowino• resolution; and move the previous ques- 
tion upon it: 
Resolved, 'Ithat the Committee of Ways and Means be, 
and are hereby, instructed to report to this House instanter 
a bill to repeal the. first and second sections or the act ap- 
proved August 16, 1856, entitled An aet to regulate the 
compensation of members ot' Congress." 
Mr. LEAKE. I move to lay the resolution on 
the table. 
I demand the 
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. 
i previous question. 
Mr. LEAK E. I am informed that a single ob- 
jection will keep out this resolution. I therefore 
object to its reception. 
SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be 
received, if objected to. 
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. What nm 1 to 
understand as the ruling of the Chair in regard to 
my resolution ? 
The SPEAKER. That, as it proposes a change 
in the rule, it is not in order. 
Mr. HINDMAN. I hope the gentleman from 
Kentucky will be allowed to offer that resolution. 
It is Washingtonian in its purport, and I think 
we ought to set an example to our fellow-citizens 
in reducing all compensation. 
I have no doubt 
the gentleman from Kentucky would do so. 
STATD 01,' UNION. 
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky.. I ask leave to pre- 
sent a series of resolutions, passed uhanimously 
by a convention of the Union and Douglas Dem- 
ocrntic rty, held in the State of Kentucky. it 
was the largest convention ever held in the State. 
I ask t l')at they be read. 
IM r. LEAK E. I object to their being read. 
i Mr. H INDMAN. Let them be referred to the 
receptacle of all emanations of that son t— 
• the corn- 
mittce of' thirty-three. 
'l"hey were so retin•rcd. 
Mr. E'I'HERII)GE. I ask leave to offer a joint 
resolution proposing amendments to the Consti- 
tution of the United States. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. object. Are any resolu- 
lions in order except for refcrcncc? 
Mr. ETHERIDGE. 1 ask that this joint 
olution be postponed till to-morrow week. 
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution is not 
in order. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then 1 object to it. 
The resolution was not received. 
I Mr. MAYNARD. 1 the following 
lution for reference: 
Revtecd, That the, special committee to which was rc- 
ferred the President's special rnessage of the 8th instant, 
I be, and they arc hereby, instructed to consider that portion 
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. It, is only 
the House desire to have a rcccss that it \vill takc , 
one. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. 
IOrom the reading 
of the resolution, i cannot tell whether the debate 
is to take place during thc rcccss 01' after x.ve meet 
in the cvening, For my own part, it seems tl•u-tt 
t'hc proper time would be during the reccss. 
[Laugh 
chairman of the select committee. 
I advised the 
Mr. K.UNKEL. I desire to ask a question of gentleman who handed it to .me to have it pre 
the Chair. As that resolution infringes a rule of I sented to the House and have it referred in the 
the House, I ask whether it will not require a proper way, as, without such reference, the com- 
vote of two thirds to pass it? 
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes, on 
flection, that it docs require a vote of two thirds. 
Mr. KUNKEL. Then 1 call for and 
nays on the passage of the resolution. 
The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
Mr. LEAK E. I desire to makc an inquiry of 
the gentleman from Ohio who offered tl)is resolu- 
I understand him to say that the agreement 
tion. 
made was days' debate. He now pro• 
poses, it seerns, to havc no day debate at all, but II 
merely to have a session for debate in thc even- 
I want to know if the whole is to be occu- 
pied i!) debate ? 
mittec would not be authorized to take any notice 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask that the 
communication be read. 
It was read, as follows: 
DETROIT, January 7, 1861. 
DEAR SIR : I have learncd that sotue letter-writer inti- 
rnated that, during the adlninistt•ation o? the Interior De- 
partznent by Messrs. Ewing, Stuart, and nwselt•, the Indian 
trust bonds were removed fron) the Deparnnent illegit= 
irnate purposes. VVhile i was Secretary i never knew or 
heard ot• it, and am confident there is not. a particle of truth 
Ti'be then Conunissioncr of }ndian Aß I 
. in the intimation. 
fairs (George Manypcnny, Esq.•) was a gentlelnan of I 
scrupn\ons integrity, an excellent ofiicer, . n zealons E 
friend of the Indians. It be found, upon inquiry, that li 
• adopted every precaution against fraud and peculation, 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 offer this resolution 
I shall not only in the Indian, but. all the ot.her bureaus. You will I 
the accommodation of other gentlemen. 
oblige ure by reqttesting the pre»ent investigatiner connnit- 
It is: for tl'ie purpose of allow- i I 
not spcak nysolf. 
tec to direct their attention to fris matter, and examine it 
ing threo full days' (lobate, including day and i I 
thoroughly. 
evening sessions.. The Flöusc can, at any time, 
I deen) it duc to Messrs. Ewing and Stuart, my prede- 
of said Inpssagc which recotmnends a reference to the vote 
ot the people of the questions at issue between the difl'ercnt 
sections of tile country, and now agitating the public peace, 
and threatening the speedy dissolution of the Governmeut, 
and to report thereon at an early day, either by bill or joint 
resolution. 
ask that it be referrecd to the special 
tee of five of which Mr. How ARD, of Michigan, 
is chairman . 
It was so referred. 
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 offer the following 
tions: 
Whereas the present alarming condition of our nationa} 
affairs, while dernanding of the General Government, as the 
common national representative of the whole people of the 
United States, iii the execution of its duties, nroderation 
and prudence, aud a spirit of t'raternal conciliation and for- 
bearahce, also deniands telnpcratc firmness and a distinct 
declaration of the policy which wili control the Govern- 
ment in the execution of the constitutional duty of naain- 
taining the common rights of ail of the States of the Union : 
TheretOre, as expressive of the opinion of this House on 
the pending questions, 
l. Resolved. rl'hat. the right ot• a State to withdraw from 
the Union. recently asserted in certain quarters of the Con- 
federacy, is 110t. ill the judgment. of this [louse, recognized 
by the Constitution of the Unit.ed but is wholly in- 
consistent with the Inaoifest design and declared purpose of 
that instrument ; and neither the President nor [he Congress 
of' tbc United States have been invested by the people in 
the organization of their Goverynncut with authority to 
rec05nize a State, once admitted into the Confederacy, ill 
anv other character asone of the Sta:es of' the Union. 
5. Resoh'ed•. That by the Cönstktkltion tbc General GOV- 
