1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
365 
ernment is invested With the powers necessary for the col- 
lection of the- public revenues un'der all circumstances 
whatever, and the protection of the common property 
of the people of the United States, wherever the same 'nay 
hc situated, ant 'generally to provide tor the connnon de- 
fense and general welfhre ot' thc United States; the exer- 
cise of which powers, so far as is necessary to protect and 
maintain the common right* of all of the States, is de- 
manded of the General Government as an act of good faith, 
and ot- i:nperative duty in the execution of the constitu- 
tional truat. 
3. ResolØed, That the Judiéiary Committee be instcucted 
to report to the House whether the kl'.vs now in force are 
sufficient to enable the Government to effectually sustain 
it rights of* property situate in the severai States, or else- 
where, and to collect its revenues where an attempt shall 
be made to resist their collection ; and if, in the opinion of 
smid connnittce, the laws are ineuffcient, the said commit- 
tee is instructed to rcport the necessary bill to accomplish 
effectually the objects aforesaid, and making it the imper- 
ative dut" of the Government to call into requisition all 
the powers with which it iS invested by the. Constitution 
to protect the property of the United States wherevcr sit- 
uated, and collect the revenues of the Government in all 
cases whatever, by the cmployment of the Navy, or other- 
wise, as the exilrencies of the case may require. 
4. Resolved further, That the measures of the Govern- 
ment, in the temperate vindication of the laws, and in the 
makntenancc of the constitutional rigllt.s of all of the States 
of the Union, shall receive the firm and•unwavering sup- 
port of this branch of the national Congress. 
Mr. SIMMS. I object to the reception of the 
resolution. 
Mr. HOLMAN. I have called the previous 
question. I will say, however, that I understand 
that if the previous question is ordered, I shall 
be entitled to address the House upon it after- 
wards. 
The SPEAKER. If the previous qucgtion be 
ordered, no debate will be in order under it. 
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the previous ques- 
tion. 
Mr. SIMMS. I object to the resolution. 
'The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken- 
tuck y will understand, that if there is a demand 
made for the previous question, as is the fact in 
this case, it is the right of the gentleman to have 
that question settled by a vote of the House. 
Mr. SIIMN'IS. But I object to the reception of 
thc resolution. 
The SPEAKER. The resolution was offered 
and received-under regulai• call Of the States for 
resolutions, and must be received, notwithstand- 
ing objection be made. 
Mr. GARTRELL. 1 ask whether, if the de- 
mand for the previous question be withdrawn, it 
will be in order for me to submit a substitute. 
The SPEAKER. It will. 
Mr. GARTRELL. Then 1 will state that the 
gentlemen from Indiana consents to have the sub- 
stitutc proposed read. 
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to the reading of 
the substitute. 
Mr.BURNETT. Ifthegentlcmanfromlndiana 
will allow me, I desire to make this appeal to him : 
I understand, from the preamble to ht.s resolution, 
that he desires an expression of opinion on the 
part of the House on the questions now exciting 
the public mind of the country. If so, ask him li 
to '.vilhdraw the demand for thc previous ques- 
tion, and let us have a vote bctwccn the two prop- 
ositions—l mean between the one I propose , which 
is what is known as the Crittenden propositions, 
and the one proposed in his resolution. 
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir. 
I prefer to have an 
expression of opinion upon the part of the House. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, Then 1 move to 
lay the resolutions on the table. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 ask the gentleman from 
Indiana to withdraw his demand for the previous 
question. 
IVII•, BINGHAM. 1 object. 
T hc SPEAKER. The Chair must state to the 
gcntlcman from Kentucky that nothing is in order 
or can be received in the nature of debate. 
Mr. BU R.NETT. I am not proposing debate. 
I merely asK a gentleman to withdraw a motion, 
which I have the right to do. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 will withdraw 
my motion to lay the resolution on the table. 
Mr. BURNETT. now again ask the gentlc- 
man from Indiana to withdraw his demand for 
the previous question, to allow my amendment 
to come in. 
Mr. HOLMAN. I will say to the gentleman 
from Kentucky, that I do not regard the amend- 
ment he desires to offer as at all in conflict with 
my resolutions. 
Mr. BINGHAM. to debate. 
MI'. BOCOCIC. I then renew the motion to 
lay the resolution on the table. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 give notice that, if the de- 
mand for the previous question is voted down, 
will move to refer the resolutions to the select coun- 
mittee of thirty-three. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 object to all debate. call 
for the yeas and yrays upon the motion to lay on 
the table. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. HOLMAN. f trust the House will allow 
me to say one word in reference to these resolu- 
tions. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Unless we can all 
have a chance, shall certainly object. 
Mr. HOLMAN. very well. Then, ifthe mo- 
tien to lay on the table is withdrawn, I will with- 
draw the demand for the previous question. 
Mr. BOCOCK. To enable the gentleman from 
Indiana to withdraw his demand for the previous 
question, I will withdraw the motion to lay on 
the table. 
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 withdraw the demand for 
the previous question. 
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. I 
ask if the morning hour has expired? If it has 
not, the resolution must be referred. 
The SPEAKER. It has not quite expired. 
Mi'. GROW. Then the resolution must be 
referred under t.he rule. 
The SPEAKER. The resolution was received 
in the regular call of States for resolutions. The 
rule, in that respect, has not been changed. The 
resolution is regularly before the House. 
Mr. BURINETT. 1 ask the gentleman from 
Indiana if he has withdrawn his demand for the 
previous question ? 
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 have. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 rise to aqucStion of order. 
If the gentleman from Indiana withdraws his de- 
mand for the previous question, I propose to de- 
bate thc rcsolution; and that will send it over. 
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ohio 
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any arrangement cannot get the floor for that purpose under color 
1 entitled to 
of rising to a question of order. 
of the soct. 
the floor. 
The SPEAKER. Debateis 
thie occasion he reeögnized:the gentleman; from 
Ohio. 
Mr. GROW. No debate is in ordei•, and -I 
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 desire to state. 
not withdraw the demand for the previousques•v 
tion, except for one purpose; and if that',cannot 
be accomplished; I desire still to .insist on the 
demand. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair. cannot•recognize 
these agreements among members. The gentlb= 
man from Indiana withdrew his demand for- the 
previous question, and debate having been pro- 
posed, it must go over. 
Mr. ENGLISH. to submit a resolu- 
tion; and I call the previous question upon it. 
submit the following: 
Resolved, "l'hat the present alarming condition of the 
country imperatively demands that Congress, should take 
immediate steps to preserve the peace and maintain tbø 
Union, by rcmoving as far as pössible all causes Of irritation 
and division, and to that end patriotism-should -prorbpt a 
cheerful surrender of ali -partisan prejudicesand minor-dif- 
ferences of opinion; aud the House, believing tbe plan of 
adjustment proposed by Hon. J0HN J. CRITTEZYDEN; In the 
Senate, December 18, 1860, would be an equitable and hon- 
orable compromise, involving no saerifiee to any party or 
section that should not be promptly made for the sake ot 
the inestimable blessings of peace and a united country, 
hereby instruct the committee of thirty-three, heretofore 
appointed by the House,'to report without delay the neces- 
sary ;neasures to carry that plan into practical effect. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. 
I rise to a 
question of order. That resolution proposes to 
change the rules, by instructing one of the com- 
mittees of the House, and must therefore lie over 
one day. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the 
point not to be x.vell taken. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. It has been 
decided to be well taken once to-day. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 can for 
ing the demand for the previous question. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. SIMMs and 
SPINNER xxvere appointed. 
The House divided; and thc tellers reported— 
ayes, 71; nocs, 79. 
So thc previous question was not seconded. 
Mr. GROW. I propose to debate this resolu- 
tion. 
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution must go 
over. 
JEAN A. n. DAU'I'ICIUVE. 
Mr. DAVIDSON. lask the consent of the 
House to discharge the Committee of the Whole 
House on the Private Calendar from the further 
consideration of House bill No. 583, for the relief 
. of the heirs and legal representatives of Jean A. 
B. Dauterive. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH objected. 
Mr. DAVIDSON moved to suspend the rules. 
"I'he bill was read. It enacts that the claim of 
the Ileirs and lcgal representatives of Jean Antoine 
Bernard Dauterive, late of Louisiana, toa certain 
tract of land in said State, having forty-four 
arpents fronton the Mississippi river, and extend- 
ing in depth to the Atchatälya river, bounded 
above by a line beginning on the Mississippi 
river, in township ten, of range thirteen east, of 
thcsoutheastern district of Louisiana, at the lower 
corner of the tract of land surveyed, in the name 
of Vicente Delpino, on the 14th of February, 
1772, by Don Luis Andry, surveyor general of 
thegentleman from Indiana withdraws his demand I The SPEAKER. T hc gentleman from Ohio the province of Louisiana, and granted to Dclpino 
has not yielded the floor, as the Chair under- I on the 11th of July, 1774, bv Don Luis de Un- 
for the previous question. 
zaga y Amezaga, the SpaniÅh Governor of said 
Mr. GARTRELL. I ask to have my substi- 
NIr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ohio province, and confirmed by the Government of the 
tute read. 
rose to a question of order, and the point make United States to Josepl') Hebert as claim No. 406, 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 object. 
Mr. GARTRELL. well, hope the demand 
is this: that he cannot obtain the floor under color and runnhvnorthwest thence until it strikes Atch- 
afalaya river, and bounded below by a line begin- 
I of a question of order, for the purpose of debate. 
for the previous question will be. voted down. 
Mr. BURNETT. I now ask the gentlem•an If he had struggled with mc for the floor in the ning on the Mississippi river forty-four arpents 
below the beginning of the upper line, at the upper 
from Indiana to withdraw his demand for the pre- regular way, and had succeeded in obtaining it, 
I would not. complain; but I distinctly addressed corner ofa tract of land surveyed, in the name of 
vious question, to enable me to submit, as an 
amendment, theCrittenden plan, and let the House 'l the Chair three times in a distinct voice before the Antonio M. Dorval, on the 12th of March, 1772, 
by Don Luis Andry, surveyor general of said 
vote between them. Does the gentleman from gentleman '•,vas recognized. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio is province, and granted Dorval by Don Luis de 
Indiana consent? 
The SPEAKER. The question before the clearly entitled to the floor, in the opinion of the I Unzaga y Amezaga, Governor under the Spanish 
House is upon seconding the demand for the pre- I Chair; and the Chair decides that, debate having i} Government, on the 7th of July, 1774, and con• 
II firmed by t.he Government of the United States to 
been proposed, the resolution must go over. 
vious question. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The I-louse has KUNKEL. 1 understood the Chair to BarbéChlatreasclaimN0. 206,and 
appointed a commiltee, to which has been referred recognize thc gcntleman from Kentucky who the Atchafalaya river, with the exception Of and 
all propositions of this nature. 
ana, to which the gentleman from Indiana re- excluding therefrom the front thereof on the Mis- 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 object to debate. 
sissippi river to the depth of forty arpents from 
sponded. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask the gentle- 
the river, be confirmed to the heirs and legal rep- 
man from Indiana to allow the resolutions to go to The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the 
! gentleman frem Kentusky several times; but en resentatives of Jean Anteine Bernard Dauterive. 
the select eommittee of' five. 
