372 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 14, 
Republican party of the North; and the other, the 
pro-slavery disunion party of the South, which, 
respectively, have seized the control Lhcir par- 
ticular sections, and are now grindin'* the Union 
into powder. 
"Thc onc seetn'd woman to the waist, and fair, 
But ended foul in tuauy a sealy fold, 
Voluminous and vast.' • 
This was the parent; and the other: 
Black it stood as night, 
Fierce as ten furies, terrible as hell, 
And shook a dreadful durt." 
This was the hideous offspring of the fraudful 
parent. 
And thus I am brought to the consideration of 
the last ground of complaint—the election of 
Abraham Lincoln. And who, let mc inquire, is 
responsible for his election? Surely, not the reg- 
ular national Democracy, who were antagonized 
by the Republican party on thc one side,' and by 
the disunionists on the other. That party faith- 
fully and fearlessly resisted Mr. Lincoln 's election 
to thc last. Occupying a middle ground, they 
counseled reason, moderation, and forbearance; 
but amid the storm of excitement that prevailed, 
their counsels were unheeded. Their brethren of 
the South seceded from the Democratic conven- 
tion, set up a new party test, bolted the regular 
Democratic nomination, and dividing its forces, 
by consequence betrayed its success. Therespons 
ibility, therefore, be upon others, not upon us. 
Thou cans't not say, I did it; never shake 
Thy gory locks at 'ne." 
Sucli being the primary and secondary cause, 
and such the disastrous result, we say now, to 
the Republicans, abjure your fanatical and pro- 
scriptivedogmas; and to the disunion ists, or rather 
to our conservative brethren of the South of all 
parties, we say—to them we say, stay disunion— 
stay that fatal movement, at least until the people 
of the North, in their sober second thought, have 
had time to come to the rescue. 
Let us all—let all conscrvativc Inen of all par- 
ties and of all sections, from the Atlantic to the 
Pacific, from the Gulf of Mexico to the far lakes— 
rally in favor of the integrity of Constitution 
and the Union. Let them merge the partisan in 
the patriot, and, coming up to the altar of their 
country, generously sacrifice every angry feeling 
and ambitious aim for the welfare and glory of 
that country. Let no man, whether he be Dem- 
ocrat, Republican, or American, refuse to yield 
something of his opinions and prepossessions 
in deference to others, and the higher claims of 
patriotism. All government, all authority, all 
human life, is a compromise. Christianity itselT 
is a compromise between justice and mercy—be- 
tween disobedience and Its predoomed punish- 
ment. Let us, therefore, in a spirit of conciliation 
and concession, compromise our existing differ- 
ences upon just and equitable terms; let us all do 
this for the good of all. Our fathers set us such 
example in the formation of the Federal Consti- 
tution; and why cannot x,ve follow it as the con- 
dition of preserving and perpetuating that sacred 
instrument? To do so would be no discredit or 
disparagement to any one, but, an honor to all. 
The people, posterity, and future history, in the 
name of freedom and l•mmanity, call for it. 
Personally, I would prefer compromise upon 
the basis of non-intervention by Congress with 
slavery in the States, in the Territories, and in 
the District of Columbia. My own choice would 
be, to leave the people of the States and Territo- 
ries each to decide for themselves whether they 
would or would not have slavery, and what 
should be the character of their other local insti- 
tutions. This would be my choice; but if such a 
gettlement is unacceptable to the majority, then I 
am willing to forego my strong objections to a geo- 
graphical line, and adopt the plan of adjustment 
recommended by- a committee of the members 
from the border States, which is familiar to the 
tion. It has immense •interests at stake in this I 
Union, as well from its position as its power and 
patriotism. W c have had infidelity to the Union 
beforc; but never in such a fearful shape. We 
had it in the East during the late war with Eng- 
land. Even Sö late as the admission of Texas, 
Massachusetts resolved herself out of the Union. 
That resolution has never been repealed; and one i 
would infer, from much of her conduct, that she 
did not regard herself as bound by our covenant. 
Since 1856, in the North, we have had infidelity I 
to the Union, morc by insidious infractions of the 
Constitution, than by open rebellion. Now, sir, 
as a consequence, in part, of these very infractions, 
we have rebellion itself, open and darin«r, in ter- 
rific proportions, with dangers so formidable as 
to seem almost remediless. 
From the time I took my seat this session, I 
have acted and voted in cvet•y way to remove the 
causes of discontent and to stop the progress of 
revolution. At the threshhold, I voted to raise the 
committee fro:n each State ; and I voted against ex- 
cusing the members who sought to withdraw from 
it, because I believed then, that such a committee, 
patrioticaHy constituted, as I believe it was, had 
tn it much of hope and safety; and because, to ex- 
cuse members from service onit, upon the ground 
pends for its execution on public sentiment. To 
that sentiment alone, in its calmer mood, are 
we to look for a restoration of a better feeling. 
that feeling comes, it will be hailed like the 
sea-bird which visited the sea-tossed caraval of 
Columbus—as the harbinger ofa firm-set footino• 
Other facts of a similar perilous character will 
soon transpire. Georgia, Texas, and Louisiana, 
will assuredly follow the erratic course of South 
Carolina. This fact must soon be encountered. 
South Carolina has been singing her Marseillaise, 
and the waves of the Gulf make accordant music 
in the revolutionary qnthem. It but echoes the 
abolition of the North and West; for scarc.ely 
had the song died away on the shores of Lake 
Erie, before South Carolina took it up with a 
wilder chorus! Extremes thus meet. Extremes 
north have aided, if not conspired, with extremes 
south, in the work of disintegration 
That work will go on. I know •that we are 
very slow to believe in any sign of dissolution. 
-we havc faith in our luck. We have trust in a 
certain inventive faculty, which has never yet 
failed us, either in mechanical or political expe- 
dients. Our politics are plastic to emergencies. 
Still I must warn the people of Ohio that it is the 
of secession, was to recognize the heresy. I am 'I well-grounded fear, almost the foregone conclu- 
ready to vote now for any salutary measurc 
which will bring peace and preserve the Union. 
Herodotus relates that when Mardonius was en- 
camped in Bæobia, before the battle of Platæa, he 
und fifty of his oflicers were invited to meet thc 
same number of Thebans at a banquet, at which 
they reclined in pairs, a Persian and a Theban 
upon each couch. Daring thc entertainment one 
of the Persians, with many tears, predicted to his 
Theban companion the speedy and utter destruc- 
tion of the invading army, and when asked why 
he used no influence with Mardonius to avert it, 
hc answered: 
When one would give faithful counsel, nobody is will- 
ing to believe Ililn. Although Inany of' us Persians are 
aware of the end we are corning to, we still go on. because 
and this is the very bitterest 
we are bound to our destiny 
ot• a Inan's griefk, to see clearly, butto have no power to do 
anything at an 
I believe, sir, that tho events now transpiring 
are big with disaster to my country. I have done 
In y humble part for years to prevent them; but I 
do not see now that any effort on my part can 
avail; and this is the bitterest of a man 's grief. It 
is in such peril as this that the heart spontane- 
ously prays for a nearer communication with a 
divine prescience. We long for some direction 
from u superior power, in whose great mind the 
end is seen from the beginning. At least, one 
might wish for soxne magic mirror df Merlin, in 
which to see the foes of our country approach, so 
as rightly to guard against them. 
Four States have, in so far as they could, by 
their own act, separated from our Federal Union. 
-This is one of the stern facts which this Congress 
has to encounter. The Government is passing 
through one of those historic epochs incident to 
0.11 nationalities. Our prosperity has madc us 
proud, rich, intolerant, and self-suffcicnt; ar)d 
therefore prone to be rebellious. We have waxed 
tempestuously well." As- 
fat—are doing well, 
cending to the height ofa national glory, through 
a national unity, we are in danger of fålling by 
our own dizziness. We are called upon to break 
down and thrust aside the very means of our 
ascent—the Constitution itself! 
In such a time, the bitter crimination and vain 
threats and insults of party and of sections are 
out of place. They should not turn the people 
of the North from doing their whole duty to the 
South; nor the South from a more deliberate re- 
vicw of its past, and a more prudential view of 
its perilous future. No man has the right to say 
or do aught that will further exasperate the pub- 
lic sentiment of thc South. No good man in the 
North can oppose any measure of honorable re- 
Sion of the, patriotic statesmen here, that the work 
I of breaking up will go on, until the entire South 
members of the House, and which, as the peace- II cession from wrong. I cannot speak of South 
offering of conservative men, would no doubt i Carolina in the tone and temper of some. She II 
meet the approbation of the great mass of the has been a part of our national life. Her blood 
shall bc arrayed against the entice North. 
In view of these facts, I will discuss these 
propositions: 
I. That secession is not a right in any possi- 
ble relation in which it can ne viewed; to tolerate 
it in theory or practice, is moral treason to patri- 
Otism and good government. 
2. That while it may not involve such direful 
consequences as other revolutions, still it is rev- 
lution. 
3. That every effort of conciliation should be 
exhausted to check it, before force is applied." 
4. That if the North does not do her part fully 
in recession from aggression, it will be impossr- 
ble to unite the northern people, or any portion 
of the southern people, in repressing secession. 
5. That if the South will make a patient en- 
deavor, equal to the great occasion, to secure her 
rights in the Union, I believe that she will suc- 
coed; and if she is then repulsed, it will be impos- 
Sible för her to receive any detriment from the 
North; but she will depart fn peace. 
6. If she go inconsideratcly, as some States 
are going, the country may incur the fearful 
hazard of war. 
7. If the South press the one hard overmaster- 
ing question upon the North, and follow it up 
with seizure of forts and revenue, cannonading of 
our vessels and other aggressive acts, without 
giving an opportunity for conciliation, there will 
be no power in the conservatism of the North to 
restrain the people. No sacrifice wiil be consid- 
ered too great to make in the protection and defense 
ofthc Union. 
8. That, in the present state of facts, so long as 
the revenues can be collected on land or sea, and 
the forts and harbors can be commanded by the 
Federal Government, that Government must be, 
as to these matters, the Government de facto, as 
well as de jure; and that so long as this status can 
be maunained by the Executive, it should be done 
by all the legal forces of the Government. 
9. Only when revolution becornes so formi- 
dablc as to be irresistible, would it be proper to 
nquire whethcr coercion would not be both sui- 
idal to the Union and criminal to mankind. 
I would not exaggerate the fearful consequences 
f dissolution. It is the breaking up of a feder- 
ative Union; but it is not like the breaking up of 
society. It is not anarchy. A link may fall from 
the chain, and the link may still be perfect, though 
the chain have lost its length and its strength. 
In the uniformity of commercial regulations, in 
matters of war and peace, postul arrangements, 
foreign relations, coinage, copy-rights, tariff, and 
other Federal and national affairs, this great Gov- 
ernment may be broken; but in most of the es- 
is in our veins; her Marions, Sumters, and Pinck- 
people; a plan which understand my distin- It 
sential liberoes and rights which Govermnent is 
neys are ours. Eutaw, Cowpens, and Camden; 
guished friend from Arkansas [Mr. RUST] iB pre- 
the agent to establish and protect, the seceding 
are they not a part of that glory, which no more 
pared to bring before the House on the first op- 
can be separated from the Union than the dawn State has no revolution, and the remaining States 
portanity. 
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, r speak from and å_om the sun? Whatever may be our indignation can have none. This arises from that refinement 
for the capital of the greatest of the States of the aeainst her, or our duty to ourselves, let us re- i, of our polity which makes the States the basis of 
great West. That potential section is beginning II member that public sentiment is not to bc reached our instituted order. Greece was broken by the 
by threat or denunciation. Oar Government der II Persian power; but her municipal institutions re- 
be appalled at the .colossal strides revolum 
