1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
mained. Hungary has lost her national crown; 
but her home institutions remain. South Car- 
olina may preserve her constituted domestic au- 
thority; but she nutSt be content to glimmer 
obscurely remote; rather than shine and revolve in 
a constellated band. She even goes out by the 
ordinance of a so-called convention, 
content to lose, by her isolation, that youthful, 
vehement, exultant, proø•ressive life, which is our 
NATIONALITY! She foregoes the hopes, the boasts, 
the flag, the music, all the emotions, all the traits, 
and all the energ;es, which, when combined in 
our United States, have won our victories in war 
and our miracles of national advancement. Her 
Governor, Colonel Pickens, in his inaugural, rc- 
gretfully " looks back upon the inheritance South 
Carolina had in the common glories and triumph- 
ant power of this wonderful Confederacy, and 
fails to find language to express the feelings of the 
human heart as he turns frorn the contemplation. 
The ties of brotherhood, interests, linca•e, and 
history, are all to be severed.. No longer are we 
to salute a South Carolinian with the 
idem sen- 
tentiam de republica," which makes unity and 
nationality. What a prestige and glory are here 
dimmed and lost in the contaminated reason of 
man ! 
Can we realize it? Is it a masquerade, to last 
for a night, or a reality to be dealt with, with the 
world 's' rough passionate handling? It is sad and 
bad enough; but let us not overtax our anxieties 
about it as yet. It is not tho sanguinary regimen 
of the French revolution; not the rale of assignats 
and guillotine; not the cry of" Vivent les Rouges! 
mort le•s gendarmes!" but as yet, I hope I may 
say, the peaceful attempt to withdraw from the 
burdens and benefits otthe Republic. Thus it is 
unlike evorv other revolution. Still it is revolu- 
tion. It may, according as it is managed,'involve 
consequences more terrific than any revolution 
since Government began. 
Ifthe Federal Government is to bc maintained, its 
strength must not be frittered away by conceding 
the theory of secession. To concede secession as 
a right, is to make its pathway one of roses, and 
not of thorns. 
I would not make its pathway so 
easy. If the Government has any strength for 
its own preservation, the people demand it should 
be put forth in its civil and moral forces. Deal- 
ing, however, with a sensitive public sentiment, 
in which this strength reposes, it must not be 
rudcly exercised. It should be thc iron hand in 
a glove of velvet. Firmness should be allied with 
kindness. Power should assort its own prerocr- 
ative, but in the name of law and love. 
If these 
elements are not thus blended in our policy, as 
the Executive proposes, our Government will 
prove either a garment of shreds or a coat of mail. 
We want neither. 
Our forts have been seized; our property taken ; 
our flag torn down; our laws defied; our juris- 
diction denied; and, that worst phase of revolu- 
tion, our ship, sent under our flag to the relief of 
a soldier doing his duty, fired upon and refused 
an entrance at one of our own harbors. Would 
that were all! The President informs us, ili his 
last message, that— 
In States which have not seceded, the forts, arsenals, 
and magazines of the United States have been seized. 'I'his 
is by far tho most serious step which hag been taken since 
the commencement of the troubles. 'l'his public property 
has long been left without garrisons and troops för its pro- 
tection, because no person doubted its security under thc 
flag ofthD country in ail the States of the Union. Besides, 
our small army has scarcely been sufficient to guard our 
remote frontiers against the Indian incursions. 
'l'he seiz. 
ure of this property, from all appearances, has been purely 
aggressiue, and not in resistance to any attempt to coerce a 
State or States to remain in the Union," 
All that the President has done is defensive; all 
that he has resisted has been aggression. He 
proposes no agcrression; nor wou*ld I favor it. 
He would maintain the laws and property; what 
else. can he do? 
These facts havc to bc met—how? By the con- 
quest of all tho people of a State? By the dec- 
I answer, by the 
laration and wao•er of war? 
enforcement of the laws and the protection of our 
property in a constitutional manner. This is the 
answer I have alrcady voted in this House, in 
voting for the resolution of tho gentleman from 
New Jersey. But is it asked, how will you cn- 
force the laws and keep forts and property, with- 
out war? I will answer: first, repeal here every 
law making ports of entry at the recusant cities 
sible. That is in our power. Second. Libel and 
confiscate in adrnirnlt.y every vessel- which leaves 
such ports without the Federal clearance. Third. 
Collect the revenue and preserve the property, 
and only use such force as will -rnaintmn the de- 
fensive. But again it is asked, is not this coercion 
ao•ainst a Government de facto, established by the 
consen t ofall the people ofa State under an assu med 
legal I answer, South Carolina is not de 
.f&cto the Government as to these Federat ?natters, 
so long as the Federal Government can hold -her 
harbors, shut in her ships, and collect the revenue. 
Who can deny that proposition? 
But still it is asked, will not the use of force in 
executing the laws, and preserving our property, 
result in civil war? Is there any practical differ- 
ence between the enforcement of law when re- 
sisted by so targe an agn•essive power, and the 
actual state of war? Here is the Sphinx of our 
present anomalous situation. I do not choose now 
to say what I will do, in casc a certain result fol- 
lows the performance of presentduty. It is enough 
for me now to do the duty of the present. But 
that judgment vvhich makes no discrimination 
between the enforcemcnt of the laws and defense 
of property, and the actual state of war, must be 
palsied by undue fear of consequences. There 
nothing more plainly distinguished in the books 
and in experience, than the difference between the 
civil authority and the war-making power. True, 
the military arm may be invoked to aid the civil 
authority, but it must be subordinatc to it in many 
most essential particulars. 
It is then the sword 
of the magistrate, and not of the soldier. Says 
Chief Just-ice Taney, in the Rhode Island case: 
(Jnqucstionably, a State :nay use its military povver to 
put down 
an armcd insurrection too strong to be controlled 
by tbc civil authority. 'I'hc power is esserrtial to the exist- 
cnce, of every Govcrntneut; essential to the preservation 
of order and free institutions; and is as necessary to the 
States of this Union, as to any other Government.—7 How- 
ard, 45. 
This Government hag had insurrections, and 
has quelled them by the civil authority, with the 
aid of the militia, and without martial law. The 
Shay's rebellion and the western insurrection 
were put down by the posse comilatus. The writ 
of habeas corpus was not suspended by the United 
States. But, even in extreme cases, where the 
President may call out tbc militia to suppress 
actual array und violence, without a law of Con- 
gress authorizing it, the force was only to be used 
with a view to cause the laws to bc duly executed. 
All arrests were made under civil authority. 
Trials were had as in civil cases. 
In Pennsyl- 
vania, in 1793, the expedition was not in its nature 
belligerent; but it was to assist the marshal. 
(7 Howard, 80 and 81.) Washington enjoined 
strictly the subordination of the military to the 
civil power, and went in person to see that his 
orders were obeyed. 
The very genius and structure of our Consti- 
tution would forbid the making of war, in its 
sense of aggression, against any State of thc Con- 
fed(irucy. But, unless the power to enforce reside 
somewhere ill t.he Government, it is virtually no 
Govern men t at all. 
It x,vcars a garment of shreds. 
If the force is of that irresponsible kind called 
war, the Government is then worse than a failure. 
it then wears a coat. of mail. But if it have the I 
force to maintain itself, and subordinate to itself 
the military which it Ilia y use in its defense, then 
it is a Government. 
It then wears the robe of 
State ! 
The time does not yet call for threats of coer- 
cion by martial or other nleans. It only calls for 
defense from those who are wygressive. I would 
reserve this power of coercion, as Prince Arthur 
did his diamond shield. He ever kept it out of 
siffht., covered with a vail; and only uncovered it 
to fi"ht monsters and alien enemies. 
I cu.]} this secession revolution. 
will notin an 
American Congres.s, with an oath on my con- 
scienco to support the Constitution, arøuc thc 
right to secede. No such right can ever bo had, 
except by amendment of the Constitution, legal- 
izinff such secession. 
It is a solecism to speak 
of the right of secession. It is revolution; and 
the burden of proof is on him who begins it, to 
show why hc geeks the change. The combined 
reason of the age has fixed in its maxims of 
thouffht rules to govern the actions of men and 
nations, which no one can overrule without great 
cri minality. 
Tl'i)cge rules require first that revo- 
II 
or towns; and thus avoid as rnuch trouble as pos- i, lution must have no light and transient cause, 
To overthrow a despotism, the -causes 
of grave weight. fortiori; what bé the 
grievance to justify a revoltagainst a Government 
so free as ours! Besides, there must be-a 
able hope of a happy and succesSfuII teéminåtion:. 
Otherwise history, with her judicial prescyipt, 
ban those who begin it to an eternity of retribu- 
tion. 
There must be in every State some power to 
which all others yield, competent to -meet, every 
emergency. No nation can be consigned toanarchy 
by some absurd contrivance, either- in- the shape 
of personal liberty bills or secession ordinances. 
In America, we have a national Constitution. 
Under it, we have United States citizenship. To 
it we owe and swear allegiance. It may be a com- 
pact; but it is a government also. It may be a 
league; but it has authority, 'G operative," as Mr. 
Madison holds, " directly on the people. It may 
reach States as States; but it does more: it reaches 
the people of the States through-its executive, 
judicial and legislative departments. 
if it cannot 
declare war against a State; it is because a State is 
a part of itself, and not, quoad hoc, foreign and 
independentState *Its Constitution is the supreme 
law of the land; and though, as Chief Justice 
Marshal says, (I Wheaton, 304,) "the sovereign 
powers vested in the State governments by their 
respcctive constituencies remain unaltered and 
unimpaired, yet they remain so, except so fgr as 
they were granted to the Government of the United 
Sta tes. 
I could Citc Marshal, Jefferson, Madison, 
Jackson, Story, Ducr, and Webster, almost every 
student, expounder and executor of the Constitu- 
tion, to show these conclusions to be irrefragable. 
It is an absurdity to conténd that States, which 
voluntarily surrendered such portions of their BOV- 
ereignties as were requisite for a national Govern- 
ment, can be the equal in power of that national 
Government. In the name ofthe people, the Consti- 
tution asserts its own supremacy and that of the 
laws made in pursuance thereof. It is supreme, 
by the consent of South Carolina herself, over 
the constitution and laws of the several States." 
Let South Carolina, then, attempt, as she has done 
by her ordinance, to annul her connection with this 
national system; does she not usurp a power of 
the General Government? Does she not infringe 
on the rights of Ohio? Is it not a plain violation 
of the permanent obligation she is under as one of 
its members ? Nay, she not only breaks her oath 
of fealty to the United States Constitution, but 
she breaks her oath to her own constitution, which 
rcquires that oath. 
Am referred by members of my own party to 
our platform and principles indorsing the Ken- 
tuck y and Virginia resolutions? Am 1 told that 
t.he sacred principles of State rights declared by 
Jefferson and Madison, as a check against the 
usurpations ofa consolidated Federal Power, allow 
that cach State may so judge of the infraction of 
the Constitution, and the means and measures of 
redress, that it 'nay go out of the Unicm? T he>e 
Virginia and Kentucky resolutions are- misin- 
terpretcd. Judge Marshal, however federal hig 
views, in a letter to Judge Story of July 31, 1833, 
(Story's Life and Letters, p. 135,) is an honest 
witness to this misinterpretation. Hc says: 
The word State rights,' as expounded by the resolu- 
tioos or 1798 aud the report of 1799, construed by our Legis- 
Iature, has charm against which all reasonina is vain. 
Those resolutions and that report constitute the creed of 
every politician who hopes to rise in Virginia ; and toques- 
tion then), or even to adopt the construction given by their 
author, is deemed political sacrileae." 
This Government was intended to be perpetual. 
It was adopted in toto, and forever. Says Mr. 
Madison : 
The idea of reserving the right to withdraw was started, 
considered, and abandoned ; worse than rejected." 
Judge Marshal says: 
The instrument was not intended to provide merely for 
the exigencies of a few years, but was to endure through 
a long lapse of ages, tile, events of which were locked up 
in the inscrutable decrees of Providence." 
It was, therefore, provided with means for . its 
own amendment. By the Legislatures of threc 
fourths of the States, there is a means of amebd- 
ment; and in that way alone can a State with- 
draw. Nullification and secession, said Mr. Mad- 
ison, are twin heresies, and should be buried in 
the same grave. Well said General Jackson, that 
secession did not break a league;- but it destroyed 
the unity of a nation; hence, he argued that it is 
an offense agamst the whole Union. To say that 
