374 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 14, 
a State may constitutionally secede, is to say that 
the constitutional elements wero poisoned at the 
birth of the nation, and of malice prepense wore 
intended to kill our national life! Such reasoning 
It is to affrm that 
overthrows all Government. 
the tribunal appointed for the arbitrament of 
mooted questions under the Constitution, or that 
the means for its own amendment, shall be set 
aside at the pleasure of one of the parties to be 
affected. Monstroüs sophistry! Are gen tlemep 
of the South aware that it is from this twin her- 
esy that the Republicans have drawn their argu- 
ments for their personal liberty bills and for their 
repudiation of the fugitive slave law? The very 
chief justice of Ohio so recently reindorsed for 
his seditious decision in the Oberlin fugitive case, 
bases his adjudication on the usurpations of the 
Federal Government. He, like South Carolina, 
denies that " the decisions of the usurping party, 
in favor of the validity of its own assumptions, 
(Ec parte, Bushnell, 9 Ohio 
can settle anything. 
State Reports, 227.) He warns aa•ainst the prac- 
tical omnipotence of the Federal Government by 
making authoritative tbc .judænent of its judicial 
tribunals." He sang the Marseillaise in his ermine 
from the supreme bench, as South Carolina sings 
it in her convention. 
would , therefore, guard against the least recog- 
nition of this right of secession, or of nullifica- 
tion, which is the lesser type of' the same disease. 
It would 
It would, say, destroy all government. 
dissolve the united mass of powers now deposited 
in the Union into thirty-three separate and con- 
flicting States; cach with a flag, a tariff, an arrny, 
a foreign policy, a diyersity of interests, and an 
idiosyncrasy of ideas. Nay, that would be toler- 
It would 
able; but it would do more and worse. 
disintÜTrate States, counties, towns; tear cities 
from their places thc map; disorder finances, 
taxes, rcvenuc, tariffs ; and con vert this fabric, now 
so fair and firrn that it seems built on the carth 's 
base, and pillared with thc firmament, into n play 
house of cards, built on a baso of stubble. 
would thus destroy the established order. And 
is such order amontr men, with view to perma- 
ncncy, nothing? 'l'he North has rights, prop- 
erty, interests, relations in the Sou th, not to bc 
sundered without loss; and the South in the 
North, oicc versa. Is this nothing? Is deprecia- 
tion of property, depression of business, loss and 
lack of employment, withdrawal of capital, de- 
rangement of currency, increase of taxes, mis- 
carriagc of public works and enterprise, destruc- 
tion of State credit, the loss of that national sym- 
name, honor, unitv, 
metry, geography, strength , 
and glory, which publicists tell us are themselves 
the creators and guardians ot' cash, credit, and 
——arc thesc consequences nothing ? 
commerce 
Surely such a mass of complicatcd interests—the 
•rowlh of years, clil'lging, with root and fiber, to 
the eternal rocks of public stability—cannot be 
uptorn without great struggle and stupendous 
mc. 
I wish that I could contemplate secession as a 
I fear that it I 
peaceful rcmedv. But I cannot. 
must be a forcible disruvftion. The Government 
is framed so compactly In all its parts, that to tear 
away one part, you tear the whole fabric asun- 
dcr. It cannot be done by consent. There is no 
authority to give consent. The Constitution looks 
It is a voluntary, 
to no catastrophe of the. kind. 
violent, and parte proceeding. A majority of 
the States, and a great majority of the' people, 
In this angry and warlike dis- 
are hostile to it. 
ruption of the compact, where shall we find our 
more perfect Union, the establishment of justice, 
domestic tranquillity, provision for the common 
defrnse, the promotion of the general welfare, and 
thc security of the blessings of liberty to ourselves 
The country knows both question and answer. I 
proceed. If, then, South Carolina can dispense with 
an amendment of the Constitution to which she 
solemnly acceded on the 23d of May, 1788, can- 
not she dispcnse with other portions of that in- 
strument; ay, even with this American Congress? 
'I"he whole framework of our Government, by the 
action of separate States, may thus be swept away. 
This Congress may be dissolved, if not by the- 
military usurpation which dissolved the Long 
Parliament, or expelled the Council of Five Hun- 
dred from the Orangery of St. Cloud, yet by the 
very impotence of its organism, as the Confeder- 
ation dissolved under its imperfect articles, to give 
place to•this more perfect Union ! 
What justification does South Carolina offer 
for this abt? " Fifteen States," says her declara- 
tion, " have deliberately refused for years to ful- 
fill their constitutional obligations.' 
It refers to 
the fourth article of tho Constitution for the. spe- 
cific cause of grievance. But ig there not now, 
since tho vote in this House the other day on the 
personal libert.y bills, when the demands of rc- 
turning public justice made even the sincere gcn- 
tlcman from Illinois [Mr. LOVEJOY] recede from 
his ultraism—a reasonable hope of curing these 
evils? Again: is there not the Supreme Court, 
as to whose fidelity no question is raised in the 
South? And are these peculior wrongs remedi- 
less in that forum? The Governor of Kentucky 
has already arraigned tho recreant executive of 
Ohio for his delinquency under a kindred consti- 
tutional clause. Why may you not cxhnugt your 
remedics in the courts beforc you raise the ensign 
of revolt? If you would have public opinion cor- 
rcct tbc errors of thc North as to fugitives from 
justice and labor, already assurances come from 
all quarters that such remedy will bc given. Rc- 
publican Governors and Legislatures are begin- 
ning to rccedo from their aggressive. acts. Already 
Ohio has begun this of redress. 
'l'hc fugitive slavc law may be the ostensible rea- 
son for secession, or ancillary to the real grievancc. 
Aside certain economic reasons, vvhich have 
cver impellcd South Carolina, and which I will not 
now consider, the real grievancc consists in the 
apprehension of slave insu rrcctions and abolition, 
under the nuspiccs of an Executive who, though 
not yet inaugurated, was elected on a principle of 
hostility to the social systcn•n of thc South. Or, 
to 'Tive it tbc strongest statejncnt, which I find in 
a pamelet, signed by the member fronk Arkan- 
[ r. HINDMAN,] The Republican candi- 
dates wcrc elected upon a platform destructive of 
our rirhts, branding our institutions as infåmous, 
decreeing the equality of the negro with oursckves 
and our children, and dooming us,in the end, with 
murderous certainty, to all thc horrors of insur- 
He holds: 
" that to 
rcction and servile war. " 
imprison slavm•y forever in the States where it 
in time, overburthen the land 
now exists, will, 
with the predornil)atino• increase in the ratio of 
blacks to whites, uritil thoro will bc a conflict for 
supremacy of races, and the blacks will be ex- 
terrninated; or else the white man must abandon 
his country forcver to thc ncm•o." 
I will grant the 
full forcc of this fcar, though not the sufficiency 
of this or any mere fear as a cause to justify 
'I'hc Union men of the North began 
revolu tion. 
to warn against the dax.vning of this dangerous 
geographical mo in 1856. They repeated 
then, and then not in vain, the fareweH words of 
Washington. From every press and bustinæ 
which a Detuocrat could e,omrnand, this evil day 
was prophesied. But we were Cassandras. tJnbe- 
lievin(Y mcn derided us as doughfäces, and sneered 
at us as Union-savers. Tho patriotic Choate, in 
I onc of his weird and wondrous prophecies, in 1855, 
with thc pain of anxiety and föar upon his brow, 
put on record his delibÖratc and inextinguishable 
and posterity ? 
In this light, the ordinance of South Carolina I opposition to this geographical party. Hc re- I 
becomes an offense; and in case a sufficient num- I garded the contest then as the stupendous trial 
ber of others followed, to the bankruptcy of thc and peril of our national life. Admitting faults 
remainder, or the injury of any, it would bc worse south and faults north, yet turninrr to the battle 
In the cases of Texas and Flor- years of the Ilepublic and its baptistn of fire, he 
than an offense 
idR, Louisiana and California, for which millions shrank aghast at the moral treason of attempting 
graphically—to take the whole vast range of the free States, 
lying together, sixteen out of thirty-one, seventeen miE 
ulous, the strongest, the most advancing—and form them 
in battalion against the fewer numbers and slöwer growth 
and waning relative power on the ('ther side ; to bring this 
sectional majority under party drill and stimulus of pay 
and rations; to offer to it, as a party, the Government of 
our country; its most coveted honors ; its largest salaries ; 
its sweets of patronage and place ; to penetrate and fire 
so mighty and so compact a mass with the still more deli- 
cious idea that they are moving for human rights and the 
equality of man ; to call out their clergy t•rmn the pulpit, 
the library, the bed-side of the dying, the chair of the 
anxious inquirer, the hearth of the bereaved, to bless such 
a crusade ; to put in requisition every species of rhetoric 
and sophistry to impress on the genera} mind the sublime 
and impressive dogma that all men are born free and equat ; 
and that such a geographical part.y is a well-adapted means 
to that end—does this strike you as altogether in the splris 
of Washington and Franklin, and the premnble to the Con- 
stitution, and the Farewell Address? Does it strike you 
that if carr$ed out it will prove to be a mere summer excur- 
Sion to Moscow? Will there be no bivouack in the snow, 
no avenging winter hanginc• •on retreat; no Leipsic, no 
Waterloo ? 
Has the avenging winter indeed come! God 
in his mercy forbid ! 
That crusade failed in 1856. What a risk we 
ran then! It succeeded in 1860. What a perii 
is now upon us! What a crusade it svas which 
has produced it! I well remember that my own 
Republican competitor for this seat was quoted 
in the Blackwood Magazine, with Tory delight, 
over thc an ti-slavery tion which ho preached 
in this House in 1856, and which he would have 
ushered in with Bunker Hills, and other battle- 
fields of freedom. 
But admitting the source of this great peril to 
lic, as it is admitted, in Republican ascendency: 
still, I ask, is it remediless in the Union? Ad- 
mitting ali you claim of' danger to your States 
from tbis sectional triumph; admitting that you 
are right in concerting for your own protection— 
yct is it right, fair, or just, to rush forward, rc- 
gardless alike of friends and foes, to a chasm 
where no (Tuarantee can bc asked or offered? Give 
us one Inore chance to appeal to the returning- 
reason of thc North, nol.•v that it is startled by the 
fulfillment of these •n•ophesies and warninrs. 
you do not, what then? You will give to your 
encmics the advantage which belongs to you and 
to us. They are already cage)' to seize the legis- 
lativc as well as the executive departunents. They 
talc of reforming the Supreme Court for their 
purposes. They who have taught and practiced 
the breaches of civil discipline, are becoming the 
conservators of public order. On your reti raoy, 
they will filch from its old guard the ensign (jf 
the Constitution. Why, to break up this Gov- 
ernment before a full hearing of the grievahces, 
is to be worse even than Red Republicanism ! 
Shalt it be said that some of our friends of the 
South are worse than the Red Communisis of 
France? So it would seein, and so i will proceed 
to prove. 
Apprehension of evil! It was the argument of 
despotism in France in 1851. Louis Napoleon 
ust?d it for his bad purposes; but the French Re- 
publicans denounced it. Let me draw theanalogy. 
In article forty-five of the French Constitution, 
it was enacted: 
Le Président dc la République, est élu pour quatre ans, 
et n'est rééligible un intervalle de quatre années." 
—.annuai•rc Ilistorique, 1848, Appendic, p. 43. 
In article onc hundred and ten, it was further 
enacted : 
Lorsque, dans Ie derniörc année. (Fune Législature I 'As, 
sembléc nationalc aura érnis kc vocu que Ia Constitution 
soit {nodifiéc en tout ou cn partic, il scra procédé cette 
révision de la maniö resuivante. 
Le voeu cxprixné par l'Asscmbiée ne sera converti en 
résoiution défiaitive qu aprbs trois délibérations succes- 
sivcs, prises chacune. un tnois (Pinterva\le et aux trois 
quarts dcs suffrages cxprnnés. 
Le ncnnbre des volants nc pourra étre Inoindrc dc cinq 
Thus, in 1848, Louis Napoleon was elected 
Prcsident for four years, the constitutional term. 
Hc was by the one hundred and tent.h article, in- 
eligible to a reélection except after an interval of 
four years. His term would have expired in 
thc inquiry •would be made whether it E I to weave and plait the two north wings of May, 1852. The summer of 1851, in France, was 
were paid, 
would not be a fraud so colossal that neither lan- old national parties intoa single northern-one, and signalized by vague apprehensions of a rcv•olt, 
cut the southern wing off altogether, as ne@heu• when the President should constitutionally go 
guage nor law can measure it. 
Mr. REAGAN. I would ask the gentleman far-sighted nor safe, however new and bold. Let out. Under this apprehension the National Le- 
when a dollar has been paid for Texas? 
Mr. COX. I cannot givc way. My time is 
limited. Besides, the same question was asl{cd 
in the Senate; and Judøc .I)OUGLAS answered it. 
me give his statement of the cornplaint, for he gislature were summoned to change the Conslitu- 
It required three expressed ballots of the 
stated it in advance as strongly as it can now be tion. 
Asserni)ly , taken ata month 's interval, with 
staw•d : 
" To combinc these parties thus against cach other geo- fourths of the Assembly, and at least five hundred 
