376 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 14, 
Leaving these elements of strife unstirred, the 
secession movement may vanish into a foolish 
dream—a specter of the night, which will depart 
when the dawn shall again environ us in the cycle 
of its felicities ! 
But, as to these vague apprehensions ofaggres- 
Sion frotn the President elect. Would it not be 
bc•st 10 await his entrance into power? YVhat 
overt act has he yet done, or his party, in a Fed- 
ei•al way? if you resist now, it should be against 
the States whose legislation is hostile; not against 
the General Government, which has done you no 
•wrong. When that overt aet is done which you 
fear, you will find the northern Democracy ready 
to join you in the defense of your rights and the 
vindication of your equality of privilege. 
W iii southern statesmen look a few facts in the 
face,'not with that dumb gaze which deadens the 
will and paralyzes 'he intellect, but with that large 
roundabout common sense which distinguished 
her early statesmen? Is not Mr. Lincoln power- 
less for harm? Elected by about two milhon out 
of five million votes, he is in a minority ofa mil- 
lion. That minority diminishes with every hour 
of northern misery, want, and bankruptcy. In 
that million there are antagonizing elements, with- 
out power morally or politically. More than half 
of that million will show feeling of fraternity, 
which no partisanship can overwhelm. They 
witl unite with that gallant band of Democrats and 
Americans in the North, who have ever warned 
and worked against the impending catastrophe. 
They will stand in the next Senate and House as 
a bulwark against the further advancesofsection- 
alism. In my own State there are two hundred 
thousand patriots already, as a nucleus for this 
great party of Union and justice. 
These men, sir, will welcome any honorable 
gettlemcnt. For myself, I hnvc a preference. 
1 
would preibr Judge propositions cvcn 
to the border State projet. 
But wili vote 
eithcr, for they answer every reasonable demand 
with respect to the fugitive slave 12.1 w, slavery in 
this District, and on ot her points. 
In reförence to 
the "I'erritories, the border projet provides: 
Vi'hat the line 01' 36030' shali be run through all the exist- 
ing territory o! the United States; that ilk ali north of that 
line slavery shall be prohibited, and that, south Lhut tint: , 
neither Congress nor t.lle ' Porritnrial shall Iu•re- 
after pass any law abolishing, prohibiting, or in any nuan- 
ner intertering with African slavery, and that, when any 
'L'e.rritory containincr a suflicientr population tar one inenl- 
ber of Congress in any area of sixty thousal.(l square Iniles, 
a (l itted , 
*hail apply tör adniission as State, i 
with or without slavery, as its eonstiLHtion inay determine. 
But, if this will not answer, let the proposition 
of Mr. DOUGLAS or Mr. RICE be adopted. Nay, 
further, if it be the only alternative to preserve 
this Union, I would vote for the proposition of 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Much us I dislike, this age 
of progress, an irrevocable law, still would 
write it in the Constit.ution, if thus only you can 
preserve that instrument. It provides fin• an irrev- 
ocable division of the territory. Ti'he President 
says of it: 
Thc proposition to cornprmnise, by lotting the North 
have exclusive cont.rol of the territory above a certain line, 
and giving southern institutions protection below that line, 
In itself, indeed, 
ought to receive u n iversal approbation. 
it in:.ty not he entirely satist-actory ; hut t.vften the 
alterna- 
tivo is between a reasollal)le concession on both sides, and 
the destruction of the Union, it is an unputat.ion on the pa- 
triotism of Congress to assert that its tnctnbcrs will hesi- 
tate ror a Ilitnnent." 
Shall this appeal for compromise bc ineffectual ? 
It may be a sacrifice of northern scntiment. But, 
sir, the conservative mcn will sacrifice much for 
the Union. Sacrifice and compromise are con- 
vertible terms. They are words of honorable 
import. The one gave us Calvary; the other the 
Constitution. Nothing worth having was ever 
gamed without them. Even the father compro- 
mised With the prodigal son, despite the Incan- 
ness of the elder brother. 
He saw him afar off, 
ran to him, and, with the evidences of affection, 
restored him to his heirship and honor. Sacrifice 
for our poiitical salvation! Heaven will smile 
upon it. Tho dove of peace will rest upon it. 
[f 
the Repubiicans will only lend us R few of [heir 
conscrvative votes in this House, ivo will do our 
part to make comprornise honorable. If you dis- 
like the word compromise, and are content with 
the offices and power it will insure you, very 
well. You may bear away the booty, M,'ill 
carry the banner! We will not quarrel, nor need 
we taunt each other, You may enioy the honors 
and patronagc of administration; to us will belong 
the laureled crown of the revolution, and the civic 
wreath of the great convention. 
Our southern friends do not know the Repub- 
licans as we do. They will be content with the 
tricks—and I trust allow us the honors. They will 
be a's harmless in office as most men are. When 
General WILSON talks of grinding the slave power 
to powder, he never intends to use the powder, 
only tp enjoy the power. [Laughter.] When the 
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. LOYEJOY] would 
speak to the God of battles, he is only praying to 
an u n known God. [Renewed laughter.] When 
Senator WADE, at Belfast, Maine, four years ago, 
proclaimed that there was no Union; that the pre- 
tended Union was meretricious; and when he pro- 
posed to drive " slavery back to her own dark 
dominions, and there to let her rot, and damn all 
who foster her," he was only illustrating that 
Christian sweetness of temper und fragrance of 
sentiment which now is offered up as incense on 
the only altar he knows, that of a meretricious 
Union, whose shew-bread he would eat and whose 
precious emblems he would plunder! The John 
Brown and Helper characteristics are convenient 
garments among them, to be put on to proselyte 
the churches and thc old women, and to be put 
off to placate wide-awakes and old Whigs. They 
do this for office. They do not think of its effect 
It is a trick to be ignored when 
upon• the South. 
in omce. These defiant men at home will become 
sucking doves in power. It is not instinct to fight 
If the South could understand 
over provender. 
them. And not take them at their word too rashly. 
It is said that the reason why the South opposes 
the rule of Republicanism is, that their tenets are 
misrepresented at the South. I will not now show 
you what they profess at home. hope they will 
fully disavow, under the composincr sweets of fat 
jobs and offices, their bad actæ and worse avowals 
when out And is there not reason for hope ? 
Patience! already they are willing to forego their 
provisoes acrains;t slavery. They 
proposed to drop intervont.ion by 
have al read 
C,ongress. r I heyare willing to accept New Mexico 
I do not 
as a slave State. Courage, gentlemen ! 
t.his spirit ot' conciliation. 
taun t, I apl')laud , 
Republican party would enjoy its power. In this 
It is a way Inen and 
it is not peculiar, perhaps. 
It will remember that to retain 
parties have. 
power, in the Inatter of personal liberty bills, non- 
delivery of criminals, judicial decisions, and other 
acrcn•essions on the Constitution , these wron«ys can- 
not stand. It is as revolutionary to try to keep such 
thillgs as they are, as it is to upset the Government 
because of thorn. There is nothing so convulsive 
and unnatural us the strain to keep wrong in the 
ascendant. Mr. Lincoln in the White House may 
not be the rail-splitter out of it. Abraham, in 
faith, may ofTet• up his " irrepressible" offspring. 
[Laughter.] Ile will be a conservative, with a total 
oblivion of the radical. 'l"he onc will " conflict" 
with tbc othcr;and the former will become all one 
I think he will disap- 
thing without the other. 
poin-t. South as mcich as he will thc•abolition 
wing of' his party. In their SUMNER speeches an(l 
in their abolition platforms, It would seem as if 
the Republicans would hold this Union together 
by the running noose of John Brown gibbe€s•, but 
when they approach the au crust presence of power, 
and undertake to rule thirty-one rnillion people 
as already demonstrated herc, they hold up the 
fasces of the Rcpublie and wonder why we ever 
misunderstood or misrepresen ted their innocency ! 
'Itheir success is the rcsult of passionate ap- 
peals. Passion soon subsides. This is the old and 
avowed means of the anti-s}averyparty. It began 
in England, as you will see by the London 'I'imes 
of November 3, 1832, when hired orators went 
over Britain, under pay of an anti-slavery prop- 
agandism. It was then said that George 'i'homp- 
son, who was sent to this country as its apostle, 
the very lecturer we want, because his ICC- 
w as 
turcs are addressed to the passions. We are so 
satisfied of thc goodness of our cause, that we 
do not want to consult the or judgment of 
If they vote for us, we do not care 
the people. 
whether their votes come through their passions 
" This brute appeal to the passtons suc- 
or not. 
ceeded in England, as her 
ruined Indies 
testify; .för philanthropy there is great in propor- 
tion to Tts distance, from its object. 
Rat here the 
sense of a brotherly people will reprehend such 
appcals. They see the African here in his rela- 
lion of servitude. They know what he becomes 
in the North when free. They know that it is 
impossi_ble to manumit him without injury irrep- 
arable to white and black. They will not sac- 
rifice this Government of thirty-one million whites 
to do no good to three and a half million blacks. 
Even many of those who oppose slavery, find in it 
the relation which the eagle and the lamb sustained 
in the air. It might have been wrong for the eagle 
to seize the lamb. The eagle, wklile holding it, 
may return to consciousness of the wrong he 
is doing; •but it does not follow that he should 
let it drop from his talons to the earth. 
It seems 
impossible for any one to view the philosophy of 
Republican principles, and not revolt in sober 
reason from its inevitable and suicidal results. 
Ti'here is hope that it Will be as timid in power as 
it is destructive in principle. Heaven will smile 
on such timidity. Nay, it will cease to be such, 
if prompted by an honest desire to establish jus- 
tice by the retraction of wrong. It will becomo 
moral cou rao•e. 
When Mr. Giddings writes to Mr. Ewing, that 
none but cowards, none but invirile minions of 
the slave power, like himself, are afraid of disso- 
lution, he begins to show the impotence ofa rage 
at a fracture already begun in the party he oriffin- 
atcd. The Republican party, it is to be hoped, 
under the lead of Bates, Raymond, Corwin, Ew- 
ing, Weed, ay, and Seward and Lincoln also, 
will drown the Giddings crew, even if they have 
to scuttle their own party ship, and cro down 
with it. 
Time, patience, fidelity to your old and tried 
friends, gentlemen of the South , and all will be 
well! Let us exhaust every effort at an accom- 
modation. Protest if you will; secede in your 
harmless way if you are so impelled; but do not 
make an aggression upon the laws of the Union 
until in a last resort, when your northern friends 
can sustain you and history wili justify you. 
'I'hcre is wisdom in the letter of George Wash- 
ington, of July 27, 1798, accepting a .mmand in 
chief, in the threatened war against the French 
directory. Said be: 
Snt_istied that you have sincerely endeavored to avert 
war, and e.xhaustcd to the last drop the cup of reconcilia- 
lion, we can, with purc hearts, appeal to Heaven {Or the 
justice of our cause." 
When you have drained the cup of recon- 
ciliation dry and have not justice, you will find 
a majority of northern men ready to fight your 
battle on our •round! Never, never will the 
Democrats of Ohio, so long as their Republican 
Governors, legislators, and judges, do not re- 
trace their steps and do justice to the Constitution 
which they have annulled; never will these Dem- 
ocrats, the bést, I will not say the only fighting 
element of Ohio, thrust Republican wrongs down 
the throats of the South at the point of the bay- 
onet! Am I answered that no such wrongs 
exist? if there be an Ohio Republican on this 
floor who so answers, I throw down the glove and 
wilt lift the vail from the spotted leprosy of our 
Republican rule. I will not sit here in silent ac- 
quiescence of the disgraceful conduct of my own 
I havo no State pride in the action of our 
State. 
legislative, judicial, and executive offcors. Let 
the supporters of Brinkerhoff, Sutliff, Dennison, 
and their comptuoions, take up the glove ! 
would call South Carolina to account, let them 
first remove the beam from their own eye. They 
never can, while spotted with moral treason and 
guilty of deliberate nullification, make Ohio Dem- 
ocrats the tools of their vengeance, never—never ! 
When they denounce the mad precipitancy of the 
South, let them remove its cause! I know and 
ponder what I say. You will have justice if you 
will have patience and pcr.mit reconciliation; and 
if you do not get it then, after & fair trial, you 
will have immunity from northern attack. 
Whatever the legal powers of the Federal Gov- 
ernmen tmay bc ,thcy derive al I their efficiency from 
the popular will. The Constitution (Fives the Gov- 
ernment force to execute the law; but it is a force, 
after all, which resides in the people, and which 
they will withhold in an unjust cause. We have 
no Army to execute the edict of Republican in- 
justice. Our bayonets think. We have in the 
'Vest, beneath a sheathen roughness, a keen 
saber ready to flash in defense of the Union to 
which our people owe so znuch, and which is the 
best beloved of their heart. And if no time bc 
left for conciliation; if you of the South desert 
your friends and the Union to their fate; if you 
