378 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 15, 
the Union generally under consideration, and par- 
ticularly the bill (H. R. No. 899) making appro- 
priations for tho support of the Army tbr thc year 
ending the 30th of June, 1862, and had come to 
no conclusion thereon. 
REPORT OF SELECT COMMITTEE. 
Mr. CORWIN. The select committee of thirty- 
three, to which was referred a portion of the Pres- 
ident's annual messaoe, are ready now to report, 
and I hope no one will make an objection to the 
report betng made. I wish now merely to make the 
report, lay it upon the table, and let it be printed 
and made a special order for some day, as early 
as possible, that will not inconvenience the busl- 
ness of the House. 
Mr. SICKLES. I would suggest to the gen- 
tlemen from Ohio, that us we are to have three 
days'general debate upon the army bill, hc should 
makc his report a special order immediately after 
the debate is ended, which will be Thursday next. 
I would remind the 
Mr. CLARK, of 
House that to-morrow and Wednesday arc set 
aside for the consideration of territorial business. 
Mr. CORWIN. suggest, then, that this 
report bc made the special order on Thursday 
next, at one o'clock, and to continue frorn day 10 
day until disposed of. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. to ask my 
colleague whether he intends leaving this matter 
open for amendment and discussion ? 
Mr. CORWIN. Undoubtedly. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The fashion ofthis 
House is to demand the previous question upon 
everything, and for that reason 1 asked the qües- 
tion. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 object. 
Mr. SICKLES. Is it not in order for the gen- 
tlcman from Ohio to movc to suspend thc rules 
on his motion; which is that the committee bc 
allowed to make a report, tha.t the report be print- 
ed, and that its consideration shall be postponed 
until Thursday next at one o'clock ? 
The SPEA KER pro 
Mr. CORWIN. 1 make motion. 
MI'. BINGHAM. I demand the yeasand nays. 
The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
The question was put; and the motion was 
aorccd to. 
So thc rules were suspcndcd. 
Mr. BINGHAM. that the House do 
now adjourn. 
Mr. •TAYLOR. 1 ask the gentleman from 
Ohio to withdraw the motion to adjourn, in order 
that the House may make sornc order in relation 
to the minority reports. 
Mr. BINGHAM. withdraw the motion. 
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 ask that the House will al- 
low the nxernbcrs of the millority of the commit- 
tec to make their reports, und 10 have them printed 
when made. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The Chair will 
put the. question u the Inotion of the gentle- 
[Mr. CORWIN,] including the rc- 
man fl•onl Ohio, 
f the minority. 
Mr. BRANCH. Docs thc motion of the gen- 
tlctnai'l fro rn Ohio brace the proposition of 
making the reports thc special order from day to 
day, so that. no business of any description can 
su erscde it? 
SPEAKER pro tmnpore. The Chair so 
understands it. 
Mr. BRANCH. T have no objection. 
Mr. iWASHBURNE, of' IllinÖis. 
I move to 
amend the proposi tio n of the gen tlenutn from 01) io, 
by " Monday next" for 
" 'I'l•mrs- 
Mr. STOUT. isa special 
Thursday. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, Illinois. That is a 
good reason for postponing it until next Monday. 
Mr. CORWIN. 1 will accept the amendment 
of the gentleman from Illinois. 
'l"he motion of Mr. CORWIN, as modified, was 
theri agreed to. 
Nit. -CORWIN then submitted the report• of 
the majority; wllich, with the reports of the mi- 
"'as referred the President's message, be authorized to cm- 
ploy a reporter to act as cierk of said comn)ittec. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I move to 
" at the usual 
amend by inserting the words, 
compensation. " 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. 1 accept the 
amendment. 
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to. 
COMPROMISE RESOLUTIONS. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 desire to offer gome res- 
olutions. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 move that the House do 
now adjourn. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 have the floor. 
1 ask 
unanimous consent, to introduce the followin(Y 
resolutions: 
Whereas alarming dissensions having arisen between the 
northern and southern States, as to the rights to the com- 
rnon territory of the United States, it is etninently desira- 
ble and proper that such dissensions should be settled by 
-the constitutional provisions which give equal justice to 
all sections, •vvhereby to restore peace : Thereföre, 
Resolved by the Scnatc and House of Representatives, That 
the following articles be proposed and submitted as an 
amondmcnt to the Constitution, which shall be valid as a 
part of the Constitution, when ratified by conventions of 
three fourths of the people of the States. 
First. In all the, territories, now or hereafter acquired, 
north of latitude 360 40', slavery or involuntary servitude, 
except punishinent for crime, shall be prohibited; while 
south ot• that latitude it shall remain ; and in all territory 
south of that latitude, slavery is hereby recognized as ex- 
isting. and not to be interfered with by Congress, but be 
protééte.d as property by all departments of the territorial 
"overtunent during its continuance as a Tcrritory. When 
territory north or south of such line, within such bounda- 
ries as Congress may prescribe, shall contain the population 
necessary for a Incnlber ofCougress, with a republican form 
ot- governtnent, it shan bc adtnitted into the Union on an 
equality with the original States, with or without slavery, 
as the constitution of the State may prescribe. 
Second. Congress shall have no power to abolish slavery 
in places under its jurisdiction, or• in States permitting 
slavery. 
'Ehird. Congress shall l)tve. no power to abolish slavery 
in the. I)istrict of Columbia, while it exists in Virginia or 
M aryland, or cither. 
shall ncver, at any tilne, 
prohibiL the oilieers of the Governtncnt, or of Cou- 
gress, whose duties require tll"lll to live in the District of' 
C,ohuniJia, f'rntn bringing slnvc.* and holding then) as such. 
Fourth. Congress shall have no power to hinder the trans- 
portation of slaves frorn one State to another, whether by 
, navigablc rivcrs, or sea. 
Fifth, Congress shah have power by law to pay tho owner 
who shall apply the full value of the fucit.ive slave in all 
cases where the is prevented discharging his 
duty, by or rescue, n:adc after the arrest. all such 
cases the United States shall have pmvcr to suc the county 
in which such violence or rescue is Inade, an(l the county 
shall havc the right to suc the individuals who committcd 
the wrong in the same manner as the owner could sue. 
Sixth. No future amendtnentg shall affect the preceding 
articles, and Congress shall never have power to 
wiL11 slavery in the States where it is now perrnitted. 
If objection is made, I move to suspend the 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 move that I-louse do 
now adjourn. 
The SPEAKER pro tnnpore. 
'I'he motion of 
thc gel') t.lcman from Pennsylvania to suspend the 
rules will bo entercd. 
I'v:lr. FLORENCE. That is 1 desire. 
And then (at fifteen minutes to five o'clock, 
p. In.) the Ilousc adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
TUESDAY, January 15, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rcv. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of vcsterday was read, 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will 
call the attention of the Senate toa portion of the 
Journal. The Senator from Georgia [Mr. IVER- 
SON] yesterday Inade motion, which is cntered 
upon the .Journa\ as a Inotion that hc bc excused 
from further service upon the Committee on i 
Claims. The Senator from Georgia afterwards 
the Chair •that his tnotion was that he 
be excused from further service as chairman of 
that committee; and the Chair recollects that that 
was the form in which the motion was put. He 
expressed his willingness for the present to serve . 
as a member of the Committee on Claims, but 
desired the Senate to relieve. him from duty as II 
If there be no objection, the Chair 
chai rnmn. 
will direct the {dtcration to be made, so as to con- 
I'lority, ',vcre madc the special order one week from form to language of tho motion. 
to-day, and frorn day to day until disposed of 
No ohjection was made; and the Journal', as 
and urdcred tt) bc printed. 
corrected, vvras approved. 
STENOGRAPHER TO COMMITTEE. 
MP,ssAGE FROM TUE 110USE. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan, y unanimous 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
consent, offered tho following reso ution: 
Resolved, That the special committee of five, to whiéh by MI', FORNEY, its Clerk, announced thal the 
Hous& had passed the following bills and joint 
resolution; in which the concurrence of the Sen- 
ate was requested: 
A bill (No. 852) for the relief of certain Chip- 
pewa, Ottowa, and Pottawatomie Indians; 
A bill (No. 935) for the relief of Franklin Tor- 
ry; and 
A joint resolution (No. 57) for the benefit of 
Duvall & Brothers. 
BILLS BECOME LAWS. 
The message further announced that the Pres- 
ident had approved and signed, on the 5th of Jan- 
uary, the following bills: 
A bill (H. R. No. 862) making appropriations 
for the support of the Military Academy for the 
year ending the 30th of June, 1862; and 
A bill (H. R. No. 436) for the relief of Eliza 
A. Merchant, widow of the late First Lieutenant 
and Brevet Captain Charles G. Merchant, of the 
United States Army. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
The message further announced that the House 
yesterday ordered the printing ofa letter from the 
Secretary of the Navy, transmitting information 
in relation to Coston's telegraphic night signals, 
and governors for marine steam engines—ordered 
at twelve o'clock and eleven minutes. 
STATE OF THE UNION. 
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, 1 desire to 
present the memorial of one hundred and twenty- 
five citizens of Wilmir;gton, in the State of Dela- 
ware, without distinction of party , earnestly pray- 
ing the Senate to pass the resolu tions introduced by 
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. CRIT- 
TENDEN,I orresolutions embodying the same prin- 
ciples, and expressing the belief that our constitu- 
ents throughout the country will sanction these 
proposals, and that they will have the effect of 
allaying the present unhappy excitement. 
Mr. President, I have no remarks now to make 
in reference to those resolutions, except to express 
my concurrence with them, and my regret that 
they could not have been voted upon at an earlier 
day. I fear they come now too late; but as they 
would tend to allay excitement, and I hope suc- 
ccssfully tend to that result, as they would tend 
to the prevention of a dissolution of the Union, 
or, if dissolved, to its restoration; as they are 
specific in their character and moderate in the 
extent of what they require—embodying, in my 
judgrncnt, no more than the public sentiment of 
the 'slaveholding States will demand, and the least 
that it will demand, I shall necessarily votc for 
the resolutions. f hn.ve forborne to take any part 
in the debate on the various questions in relation 
to the present state of the country, which has 
occurred in the Senate up to this time, bccause 
I did not believe that it would be possible here 
for us to do anything which would be calculated 
to eilher preserve or restore the Union. But, sir, 
we can vote; and I do hope that, before this day 
passes, at least we shall have some indication of 
the determination of the Senate, and see whether 
tbc principles embodied in the resolutions of the 
Senator frorn Kentucky will command the vote 
ofa portion, if not ofa majority, of the Republi- 
can members of this body-. It is right that the 
people of the country should know something, at 
least, as specific as is embodied in those resolu- 
tions—something more specific than that which 
fell from' the honorable Senator from New York, 
[M.r. SEWARD.] 
Sir, shall take occasion to trespass upon the 
indulgence of' the Senate next week for the pur• 
pose of expressing at large my views on the 
present distracted and unhappy condition of the 
country; and also on the only remedies which I 
suppose exist for the purpose of preventing what 
is now imminent—a civil war between the dif- 
ferent sections of the country. 'The exact day 
I cannot at present indicate; but certainly some 
day during the next week, when shall hope to 
interfere with no other gentleman who may 
1 have nothing to say now; I 
desire to speak. 
resolutions, except to express my opinion of the 
mode.ration of the demand, and of the necessity 
of some specific action by Congress as indicating 
the extent to which the opposmg party mean to 
go—indefinite propositions will not ansurcr—and 
to express further my hope .thut we can vote on 
these propositions; for, after all, debate only leads 
