1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
379 
to crimination and recrimination; to various state- 
ments which tend to inflame the public mind, 
already quite suffciently inflamed throughout the 
whole country, so much so as to hazard the ex- 
I hope that x,ve shall 
istence of our institutions. 
vote; and then, when we know by that vote what 
the result must be, it will be time enough to dis- 
cuss what course will have to be taken dependent 
upon such a result. 
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. SEWARD. I present the memorial of 
Samuel F. B. Morse, the distinguished and illus- 
trious inventor of the electro-magnetic telegraph, 
praying Congress for the extension of one of the 
two patents which constitute the titlc he holds for 
his property in that great invention. These two 
patents will expire at different times. He asks 
an extension of the one that expires carliest, to the 
dale when the latest one will expire, in order that 
he may protect that property more perfectly than 
he would be able to do otherwise. The extension 
which he asks of the one patent is five years and 
three months. I move the reference of the memo- 
rial to the Committee on Patents and the Patent 
Offce. 
It was so referrcd. 
Mr. SEWARD also presented four memorials 
of citizens of New York, in relation to the present 
disturbed condition of the country; which were 
ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. KENNEDY presented a petition of two 
hundred citizens of Frederick county, Maryland, 
praying the adoption of the compromise measures 
proposed by Hon. J. J. CRITTENDEN, in the Sen- 
ate; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. LATHAM prescnted papers in relation to 
the claim of Michael Cassin to certain moneys 
deposited by his son, James Cassin, deceased, in 
the United States branch nlint at San Francisco, 
California; which were referred to the Committee 
on Commerce. 
Mr. BIGLER presented six petitions of citizens 
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; a petition of citi- 
zeQs of Port Clinton, Pennsylvania; and a petition 
of citizens of Lehigh county, Pennsylvania; sev- 
erally praying the adoption of the compromise 
measures proposed by Mr. CRITTENDEN ; which 
were ordered to lie on the table. 
He also presented a petition of citizenyof Phila- 
delphia, Permsylvania, praying that pensions may 
be granted to the survivors of the war of 1812, 
and to the widows of those who have died, or 
may hereafter die; which was referred to the Com- 
mittee on Pensions. 
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the memorial of 
the heirs and legal representatives of Latchlin 
Durant, praying that an may be passed au- 
thorizing the administrator to sell a tract of land; 
which was referred to the Committee on Private 
Land Claimk. 
He also presented the petition of Neal Smith, 
administrator of the estate of Latchlin Durant, 
deceased, praying the passage of an act of Con- 
'-yrcss authorizing him to sell a tract of land 
granted to the said Durant by the treaty of Fort 
Jackson; which was referred to the Committee 
on Private Land Claims. 
Mr. PUGH presented the memorial of Susan 
E. Gordon, widow of George Fisher, deceased, 
praying the adoption of such measures as may bc 
necessary to carry into execution the joint rcso: 
relating to the claim of 
lution of 1, 1860, 
which 
George Fisher, latc of Florida, deceased ; " 
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
BILL BECOME A LAW. 
A message from the President of the United 
States, by Mr. GLOSSBRENNER, his Secretary, an- 
nounced that thc President had this day approved 
and signed a bill (S. No. 144) for the relief of Jere- 
miah Pendergast, Of the District of Columbia. 
CHANGE OF NAMES OF VESSELS. 
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 am by Corn- 
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred the 
bill (S. No. 531) to change the name of the 
ported to the Senate without amendment, ordered 
to be engrossed fora third reading, read the third 
time, and passed. 
Mr. CAMERON. the Senate to take up 
a joint resolution introduced by me yesterday, to 
change the name of a vessel. It is a mere. matter 
of form. There will be no objection to it, I sup- 
pose. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The SenatorTrom 
Pennsylvania asks the unanimous consent of the 
Senate to take up the joint resolution (S. No. 57) 
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to per- 
mit the owners of the steamboat John C. Frémont 
to change the name to that of Horizon. 
There being no objection, the joint resolution 
was read a second fime, and considered as in 
Committee of the Whole. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. will inquire of the Sen- 
ator from Pennsylvania if' this is a sea-going 
steamer ? 
Mr. CAMERON. It is n steamer belonging to 
the city of Pittsburg. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. A river steamer? 
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir. 
The joint resolution was repotqed to the Sen- 
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, 
read the third time, and passed. 
STATE OF Tllß UNION. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 ask leave to present the pro- 
ceedings of the union Democratic State conven- 
tion of' Kentucky, held al Louisville, on the 8th 
of January, recommending the adoption of the 
I move 
resolutions proposed by rny colleague. 
that they lie on the table. 
Mr. HALE. I have not the slightest objection, 
myself, to the reception of those proceedings. I 
do not, know the character of them; but questions 
of this sort have been before the Senate several 
times before, and, if i am not mistaken, the uni- 
form practice of the Scnate has been, not to re- 
ceive reports or proceedings of meetings of this 
sort, unless they were expressly directed to the 
Senate. The question has been raised here a great 
many times, and I think that has been the uni- 
form action of the Sengtc, and, in my judgment, 
we had better adherc to it. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does thc Senator 
raise objection to the reception ofthe proceedings? 
HALE. Yes, sir. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will 
be submitted to the Senate. 
Mr. HALE. Then let mc state my objection 
distinctly. I do not know anything about the 
I do not mean any discourtesy to 
resolutions. 
the resolutions, or to the meeting, or to the 
Senator who presented them; but I want to pre- 
serve the uniforrn practice of the Senate which, 
as I havc understood it, ever since I have had 
the honor of being a member of the body, has 
been, not to reccive reports of rneetings of this 
character, unless they were expressly directed to 
the Senate, or to Congress. 
Mr. POWELL. These resolutions express 
devotion and attachment to the Union; they pro- 
tcst against coercion; they recommend the adop- 
tion of the resolutions proposed as amendments 
to the Constitution by my colleague; and re- 
ceived a letter from the secrctary of the meeting 
requesting me to present them to the Senate for 
I do not think there will be 
its consideration. 
any impropriety in receiving the resolutions, and 
I hope it will 
allowing them to lie on the table. 
be done. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate 
I receive, the resolutions,offered by thcSenat01' from 
Kentucky ? 
Mr. PÖWELL. I look upon them as being ad- 
dressed to the Senate. I received an official letter 
from the offcers of the meeting requesting me to 
schooner Augusta to Colonel Cook, to report it 
back without amendment, and recommend its 
passage; and I ask the consent of the Senate to 
pass the bill now. It is merely to change the i i 
It, will not occupy a moment. 
name of a vessel. 
There being no objection, the bill was consid- 
It was re- 
cred as in Committee of the Whole. 
present them to the Senate; and I hope my friend 
from New Hampshire will withdraw his objec- 
I think they come within his own rule. 
tion. 
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on 
the reception of the resolu{ions; and they were 
not received. 
SLAVERY QUESTION. 
Mr. WILSON. move to take up a resolution 
sui)mitted by Ine yesterday , concerning the Wash- 
inn•ton aqueduct, for the purpose of actin•» o.n it-. 
VICE PRESIDENT. Chair at this 
hour must call the attention of' the. Senate to the 
special order for half past twelve o'ctoc-k, unless 
some motion be rnade to postpone it. The special 
order for this hour is-the -joint' resolution (S. Not. 
54) proposing certain amendments-Eto:the-Cohsti+ 
tution of the United States;- iiitroduced! by-Lihé 
Senator from Kentucky'. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. By urging 
lutions as the business for to-day, I did not;prö-. 
pose myself to address the Senate on the subjects 
I wish to save the time of the Senate as much as 
possible. I intended, if I might bc allowed to do 
so, to •close any debate that might arise on the 
resolutions; and I yield the floor therefore to any 
gentleman who desires to discuss them. 
Mr. CLARK. I gave notice the other day that 
I would move to amend the resolutions.- I now 
move to do so, by striking out all after the pre- 
amble and the word " resolved," in the first res- 
olutäon, and inserting the following: 
That the provisions of the Constitution are ample for 
the preservation of the Union, and '-the protection of. 'til 
the material intercsts of tbe country ; that it needs to be 
obeyed rather than amendcd ; and that an extrication nom 
our present dangers is to be looked for in strenuous-efforts to 
preserve. the peace, protect the public -property' aid. enÅ 
jörce the laws, rather than in new guarantees for peculiar 
intercsts, compromises for particular diffculties, or con- 
cessions to unreasonable demands. 
Resolved, That all attempts to dissolve the present Union, 
or overthrow abandon the, present Constitution, with the 
hopc or expectation of constructing a new one, are dangcr- 
ons, illusory, and destructive; that, in the opinion of the 
Senate of the United States, no such reconstruction is 
practicable ; and, therefore, to the maintenance of the ex- 
isting Union and Constitution should be directed all the 
energies of all the departments ot• the Government, and 
the efforts of all good citizens. 
Mr. GREEN. With apart ofthatamendment 
I coincide, and with the remainder of it I totally 
disagree. Taking it as it comes, as a substitute, 
I shall vote against it, and will very briefly eive 
the reasons why. That the present Constitution, 
in its provisions, is good enough for thc whole 
Union, I think cvcry one will readily-admit; and 
to that extent, I coincide with the Senator from 
New Hampshire. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. F00T in 
the chair.) The Chair will state, for the inform- 
ation of thc Senate; with reference to the order of 
business and the particular question before the 
Senate, that inasmuch as the resolutions offered 
by the Senator from New Hampshire are pro- 
posed as a substitute for the original rcsolutions, 
both the original resolutions and the substitute are 
open to perfection by way of amendment or mod- 
ificati_on, before the quéstion shall be taken upon 
substitution. There is an amendment pending to 
the original resolutions, which will be read. 
Mr. GREEN. It is not necessary to read it 
I understand the question before thc Senate per- 
fectly; and I have a right to speak to any!hing 
pending before the Senate. The original resolu- 
tion can be perfected, and then the substitute can 
be perfected, and then the vote taken as to the 
choice between them; but whatever matter is law- 
fully pending before the Senate, I have a right to 
speak to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
hopes the Senator from Missouri did not under- 
stand the Chair as intimating that he was not in 
perfect order. The Chair only thought it proper 
to state the precise question as it stands before the 
Senate; and that when vote comes to bc taken, the 
first question must be on the amendment proposed 
to the original resolutions, before the question on 
subst.itution can be taken. 
Mr. GREEN. was just remarking that I coff- 
sidered the present Constitution of the United 
States good enough, amplc in all its provisions, 
if enforced and adhered to in good faith; and if 
there is a spirit in the people, north or south, in 
the center or in the circumference—fixed, determ- 
to observe the present Con- 
stitution, a thousand amendments will not make 
i shall vote for the proposition 
it more effective. 
of the Senator from Kentucky, not because I have 
any faith in good results, save one bare possibil- 
ity; and that IS, to hold the people still long enough 
for them to reflect, and see whether there can be 
a reaction in public sentiment; for, if there can 
be no reaction in public sentiment, all his amend- 
ments will not be worth a straw. 
Ours is a peculiar Government. It has n0t'that 
strontr military arm to enforce the Constitution 
which the Governrnont of hås. It rests 
upon the consent and the good feeling of the peo- 
ple; and when that consent is withdrawn, and that 
good feeling is destroyed , a thousand constitutional 
provisions will tmount to n0thing whatever; and 
