382 
The names inserted by the committee of the 
House of Representatives in this bill, were se- 
lected from hundreds suggested, withoutsas I am 
informedfil single one of them seeking the posi- 
tion, or desiring it, or even knowing their names 
were to be so used. Others may have been in- 
serted after the bill was reported, from. personal 
application, knowing their names rvere to be so 
used. The active friends of this great public work 
WOUHI not care if every name were erased, and 
other good names substituted, if it did not unne- 
cessarily jeopardize the bill. These names were 
selected because the persons were all supposed to 
be of high character, great energy, and ample 
means, and therefore could induce other capi- 
talists and men of energy to contribute suffcient 
capital; enterprise, and business talent, to accom- 
plish this, the greatest single work of any age. 
These corporators are, in fact, only commis- 
sioncrs, and will, no doubt, be so considered by 
the Legislatures of the States and Territories in 
giving them acts of incorporation. If such cor- 
porators could not secure the, great object, it could 
not be done by openingbooks to advehturous sub- 
scribers, from whom collections, after the first 
small installment, might not be made; and who 
would, be clogs to thc enterprise. The object is 
It was correctly stat.ed In this 
to build the roads. 
debate, that the southern road is intrusted, by this 
bill, to a vast number of persons all over the 
South, and could be given to no others, as they 
now 'have the charters for eight hundred miles of 
the route through Texas. To the northern road, 
the bonds of the United States, for every section 
of fifty miles, as it shall be finished, are to be 
lent; the return to be secured by the first mort- 
gage on thc wholc road; the bonds not to exceed 
sixty million. 
So far from the objectof the bill being to enrich 
a few l.)ersons, many contend the road cannot be 
madefor much more than double the credits loaned 
by the United States; and some think—although 
I am not one of them—it cannot be made at all; 
in which event all the private subscriptions of the 
stockholders would be totally lost, as thc mort- 
guge to the United States would have to bc first 
fully satisfied. If, under such conflicting opin- 
iops, the corporators should bc rewarded for tho 
vast capital raised and hazarded in the great ad- 
venture, who ought to regret such a result, when 
their success presupposes the completc accom- 
plishmentof the undertaking—worth, politically, 
many times the cost—presupposes the return to 
the United States of her credits to the uttermost 
farthing; and, in fact, that the great work will 
have been madc by tbc capital, enterprise, and 
business talent of the corporntors themselves, 
aided ternporarily by the credit of the Govern- 
ment? The greater the success of the corporators 
under such circumstances the more genera] would 
be the satisfaction throughout the world, as their 
at. the expense of others. 
gains would not be 
Ought such a bill to bc jeoparded by amendments 
of no moment to the country at large, 
. 110 wevtn• 
desirablc to minor rival localities, especially when 
short branches, hereafter to bc granted ahuos•las 
n unatter of course, may substantially satisfy their 
wishes ? 
The bilk, as now presented, is the result of ten 
years' consideration, and is the coinpremisc of 
various rival and conflicting interests; and an al- 
teration, apparently slight, may arouse extended 
opposing interests not now seen, and may thus 
deft•at the bill. 
Mr. President, the Senator from Missouri [Mr. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 1.5, 
will be the public sentiment of all the States and 
Territories which will be required by legislation 
to perfect the details of this great scheme to con- 
nect the Pacific and Atlantic oceans by two great 
railroad north and south. 
And now, Mr. President, I will say a single 
word in answer to the remarks of my friend from 
Oregon,' [Mr. LANE.] He says that this bill is 
unknown; that it was forced through the House 
of Representatives without consideration, under 
the previous question If my friend had only 
examined thc question, he would have ascertained 
the fact that this bill was reported during the last 
session of Congress; that it has not been altered 
in a single word, with the exception of the inser- 
tion of two or three or four names; that it was 
reported by a select committee of the House of 
Representatives, who had hadit under considera- 
tion for mon ths—a committee co mposed of sixteen 
members of that House; that they not only rc- 
ported the bill, but twenty thousand copies of it 
were ordered to be printed and circulated over the 
whole Union. In addition to that, I will say to 
my friend from Oregon that this bill was per- 
fectly well known in my State, and that the thirty- 
four thousand Democra tic voters of that State who 
voted for him for the second Office within the gift 
of the American pcoplc, arc every onc of them in 
favor of this bill; and I may say further that, of 
the one hundred and tWenty thousand voters of• 
California, there would not be a hundred votes 
It is well understood there. It 
cast acrainst it. 
was my belief at the time that this bill, after such 
long labor in the select committee of the lower 
House, would pass that body; and the question 
'-.vas whether, if it came to the Senate, this body 
It is well known 
would also pass the same bill. 
and understood, so far as my constituents are 
concerned. 
But, Prcsident, the Senator from Minne- 
sota speaks of going by Pike 's Peak, and that the 
rights of actual settlers will be encroached Ill.-»on. 
Sir, it reservcs all the mineral lands on the whole 
route, and there arc no scttlers there cxcept on 
mineral lands. I-lc says therc are no (yuards im- 
poscd; no restricti01'is for the benefit of thc Gov- 
ernmcnt.; no protection to the United Stales. -Why, 
sir, the Government of the United States has the 
first on all the road; and if the road is 
not built, it is to be given up, and ail the private 
subscriptions are to be forfeited. I undertake to 
say that this bill will build both roads. YVithin 
less than twelve months after thc bill becomes a 
law, the greatest obstacle that has cver been pre- 
scntcd to the central route will have been over- 
come, for we shall have, a railroad through the 
Sierra Nevada mountains to the Washoe silver 
will ask the Senator from Louisiana, 
mines. 
BENJAMIN,] who is opposed toa Pacific rail- 
road bill, if' he thinks there is any obstruction 
that cannot be overcome? He has traveled over 
he hag told me tl-iat there is none; and 
the route; 
there, are belter routes than thc one hc traveled 
over. Thcre aro parties now who will contract 
to build, within twelve months, a road through 
the Sierra Nevada mountains to the Washoe sil- 
ver mines, where these mountains have heretoforc 
been considered an impassable barrier. 
I will not detain the Senate in regard to this bill, 
which is of such transcendent importal'lcc to the 
whole country, and so vital to my own constit- 
I want the Senate to understand that m.•vc 
uents. 
arc not contending for routes. W c will take any 
route; we will take any bill that will secure the 
the Senator from California seem to make it ne- 
cessary for me to answer very briefly what he 
said. He reminds me that thirty-four thousand 
patriotic national Democratic voters of his State 
voted for me for the second highest office in their 
gift. Well, sir, they gave a good vote; and I 
thank them. And he further reminds me that 
they are, every one of them, in favor of the pas- 
sage of this bill; and he says they all understand 
it; that they have every one seen it, read it, and 
comprehend its provisions. 
Mr. GWIN. My friend will permit me to 
state that 1 did not say they had read it; but we 
discussed it on the stump. It was debated by the 
speakers of all phe four parties. This bill was 
well understood in California, and all parties were 
committed to it. I made speech after speech in 
favor of this very measure, stating that, ifit passed 
the House of Representatives, in my judgment 
it would certainly pass the Senate. 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 will state, also, that this 
very bill, with the exception of the new corpo- 
rators that were inserted in the House. this year, 
was published in the papers all over the State. 1 
saw It and read it mvself. 
Mr. LANE. well, Mr. President, 1 will only 
say to my good friends from California, that I do 
not understand this bill as they do; and I yant 
them to understand now, distinctly, that they are 
no morc anxious for a Pacific railroad than I am. 
1 have labored here for years, and am ready now 
kto vote for such a bill as ought to pass; but when 
I was up the other day, I said that it appeared to 
me this was no time to pass a Pacific railroad 
I was very sorry this morning to see the 
bill 
important measure that has been introduced 
in o this Senate, or can be introduced into it dur- 
ing this or any other session, set aside to take up 
I allude to the proposition introduced 
this bill. 
by the venerable Senator from Kentucky. It was 
a proposition presented with the hope of saving 
the final dissolution of this Union. 'I'he measures 
proposed by birn, if sanctioned by the people, if 
approved by the northern States, would in all hu- 
man probability—and I know there is no man in 
this Union more anxious for it than myself—de- 
lay the move:ncnts which are now coing on, that 
are to result ultimately in the entire dissolution 
of the Union. At such a time, when every gen- 
tlcman knows that the coun try cannot be held 
together unless sornething shall bc )romptly done, 
I ihought it was not proper to ta ce up a bill in- 
volving the country in obligations amounting to 
hundreds of millions, for the making of two rail- 
roads, in preference to adoptincr some measures 
by which this Union may be held together; some 
plan that may afford security and protection, and 
guaranty the rights of all the States of the Con- 
GREEN) and the Senator from Ohio [Mr. PUGH] I 
say that this is a coercive bikl; that it will force 
the States and Territories through which these I 
roads pass, to grant charters as thc corporators 
I can speak confidently for IT! y owrn 
may dictate. 
State in answer to this objection, that its passa(re 
through Congress will be hailed with joy by thou- 
sands and tens of thousands of its citizens. Bon- 
fires will bc built on our mountain-tops to cele- 
brate an event morc imporcunt to them than 
Napoleon 's greatest victories wepc to France in 
consolidating his empire. California will hail 
If' I could 
making ofa road to the Pacific ocean. 
do no better, I would vote for a bill that would 
carry it to Puget Sound, and leave my own State 
out. I believe, thougl-i, that this bill carries these 
routes to the great center of comrnerce and com- 
tnunication 0B the Pacific ocean, and secures im- 
portant connections on both sides of the conti- 
nent. T hc people of California want a railroad, 
they want a connection; and thcy arc wil\ing• to 
take it in any forn'). Their delegations in the two 
Houses of Congress have always been willing to 
take any kind of bill that could present.ed to I 
them, which would secure this great object. Now 
these corporators as bel)efactor.s, Who, through we have before us u bill which has been sent to I 
the beneficence of Congress, have been intrusted us from the other House, and if the friends of a 
with an enterprise that will rnake us one of the Pacific railroad will throw away their minor ob- 
great Powers of the earth. We will notlookupon W jections, and stand by it, we can pass this bill; 
fideracy. it is not a good time to take up this 
measure, and to impose it upon the country, sim- 
ply because gentlemen have the power to do it, 
when they know that they are pledging Staffs that 
will not regard the obligation which they under- 
take to impose on them, and when they are making 
debts here and contracting obligations that these 
States will always hold they had no right to do. 
I say to those thirty-four thousand sensible, loyal 
voters of California, that no man in America .is 
more devoted to their interests than I am. 1 will 
såy to every voter of every political party in Cali- 
fornia, that no one of them is rnore anxious for a 
Pucific railrond than myself. Any plan by which 
one could be made, if this were a proper time to 
do it, would satisfy me. 
This bill, as I look nt it, is not a good one. It 
isaloose bill; it is an objectionable bill; and though 
printed and published, as the Senator says, and 
scattered over every portion of this country, he 
knows, as well as do, that no opportunity was 
given for its consideration in the House of Rep- 
resentatives. There was no opportunity allowed 
there for amending or perfectino• it. There was 
no opportunity given for considering it; but under 
the previous question it was hurried through that 
House and sent to us. The Senator from Cali- 
fornia now stands here, saying that we shall take 
it just as it is; that it is a holy thing; that it shall 
not be touched; that no amendment shall be made 
to it; that no consideration shall be given to it; 
that every amendment that is offered shall be 
it as coercion when we are asked to pass State and I undertake to say that in a very fey.T years, voted down, and the bill hurried through the 
Senate. 
under its provisions, both roads can be built. 
laws to aid in carryino• out this great law, which 
will shower such benefits upon us. Such I feel I Mr. LANE. Mr. President, the remarks of II Mr. President, I repeat again that this is not 
