THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEe 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, wASHINGToN, d. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 20 SESSION. 
the Pacific ocean, without consulting and yielding 
to all the conflicting interests of the Pacific States 
and the States borderin• on the valley of the 
Mississippi, so that they are all to have converg- 
ino termini, or else their support cannot be given 
to this bill,' it is asking too much of the Atlantic 
States who are not so deeply interested, so far as 
locality is concerned, to vote untold millions for 
the construction of these roads. 
Now, sir, I will vote for either one of these 
roads which the particular friends of this measure 
prefer the central route, as 
shall agree upon. 
the most direct; but I am willing to vote for the 
northern route or for the southern route, for either 
of the three routes which mäy be determined upon . 
will vote fora Pacific railroad gladly, cheerfully, 
and joyfully; but cannot, to effect that okiectg 
vote for three, or even two roads. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BRIGHT 
in the chair.) The question is on the motiön of 
the. Senator from Minnesota. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. [understand the pending 
motion to be to commit. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To a select 
committee of five. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. [should have no objection 
to that; but it appears to me that, in order to 
reach some result, it would be well, before that 
vote is taken, to indicate the senso of the Senate 
upon some of the amendments. There are half 
a dozen or a dozen amendments proposed; and 
the vote on them would form some indication to 
the cornrnittee in ',vhat shape to frtune the bill so 
as to meet the objections made to it. T hc com- 
mittee will come in—I think it is but fair to the 
friends of the bill to say so—with some bill re- 
ported; but then thc same amendments will bo 
repcated over again to that bill. 
I think we ought 
to have a vote on some half dozen of the leading 
amendments; and then it Can bc referred to a 
committee for the purpose of perfecting the bill, 
after the Senate has given a direction t.o the com- 
mittee by u vote on the arnendnpeutS. 
I am ready 
to vote on this proposition to commit. now, if it is 
desired; but I do not see how the committee, will 
be directed in its work unless we vote on some of 
the amendments. 
Mr. GWIN. The remarks of the Senator 
from Louisiana are very pertinent to this case; 
and i would suggest, with all respect to the Sen- 
ator from Minnesota, that if the Senate agrees to 
material and vital amendments, so that this bilk 
will be in such a condition that it has to be Ina- 
tured, part of it retained, phrt of it stricken out, 
and additions made, then it niay bc proper for a 
select committee to perfect'it; but until we ascer- 
tain by some direct vote what material amend- 
ments •are to be made to thc bill, 
it strikes me the 
Senator will hot accomplish his object by moving 
for a select committee now. 
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 have no objection to 
the course now stwgcsted•, and if it will pfease 
gentlemen better to have that course pursued, I 
will withdraw the motion for the present, reserv- 
ing the rirht to renew it hel•eafter if circumstances 
should make it necessary. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BRIGHT.) 
The motion to refrær being withdrawn, the ques- 
tion is on the amendment of thc Senator from 
North Carolina, [Mr. BRAGG,] at the end of the 
first section to add: 
Nor until said acts of incorporation shall bc submitted 
to and approved by the Congress of the United Statés. 
So that the proviso will read: 
Provided further, That the said persons and their associ- 
ates shali not be or become vested wit!) any grant, right, ot 
interest intended to be secured bv the provisions of this 
act ot.herwise than in a corporate character and capacity, , 
the ter:ns and conditions of' this act, within the territorial I 
and State jurisdictions into and through which the railroad 
eoutemp'ated by this act shall Oe constructed, nor until 
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1861. 
was suggested the other day, in relation to cer- 
tain provisions retaining control? It was objected 
the other day t.hat Congress could retain no control 
over tho details, which it ought to have so far as 
the manatyement is concerned, and many things 
of that sort, necessary to the public security. I 
desire to know whether it is the intention of this 
amendment to secure the rights of the Govern- 
ment in that particular; and whether, in the Sena- 
tor•sjudgment, it will eflu)t it? I have not given 
particular attention to it. 
Mr. BRAGG: In answer to the question of the 
honorable Senator from Maine, I will state that 
that was my object in preparing the amendment; 
and while I am not entirely satisfied—for I owe 
it to eandor to say so—that it will effect the pur- 
pose which I had in view, and of which I think 
he will approve, yet think that, in tbe main, it 
will have that effect. 
I hope it will have that 
cfiöc,t, 
While I am up answering the interrogatory of 
the honorable Senator, I will go a little further 
and endeavor tC) answer one or two objections that 
'*Vere made to the amendment when it was last 
before the Senate. 
If I can get the attention of 
the Senate, thin as it is even on an important bill 
like this, I think [ can satisfy it that there is noth- 
ing at all in the objections which were urged to 
the amendment when it was last before the body. 
A suggestion was made by the Senator from 
Ohio, [Mr. by wray, as I understood 
him, of opposition to the amendment—that it 
would result in delay. That, I think can show 
to the Senate, is an entire mistake; and before 
nroceed further, I hope I may bc cxcuscd for 
saying .to the Senator from California, who has 
this bill in charge, [Mr. GM'IN,] that am making 
no factious opfrosition at all to thc bill. 
lieve that a Pacific railroad bill, whatever may be 
my opinion about it, will pass during the pres- 
eut session. You 'have the strength here in this 
body to pass it. After some six or eight Senators 
have left, you undoubtedly have it; you have the 
and it I.)C- 
strength in thc otbcr body to pass it; 
comes us, therefore, to '.vell consider the provis- 
ions of an important bill like this, and to see if 
there are not yet. defects which 'nay bo cu red ; 
and now I will repeat what I said just now, that 
rny purpose is not to make factious opposition to 
this bill at all; 
ram y purpose is to provide remedies 
fi_n• a great many defects which, according to my 
humblc are to bc found in the bill. 
Now, sir, as to the delay, Isa y it •will not pro- 
duce thc delay, in the first place, which seems to 
bc anticipated from thcamcndment. Why? Be- 
cause the proviso, of which this amendment is to 
forn•) a part, has reference only to the vcsting of 
the title of the lands which are donated, and of 
the bonds w Iiich arc subsequently to be issued. 
it does not interfere at all with the powers pre- 
viously granted in the first section of the bill to 
the, individuals who arc designated, or to those 
who may be designated, or who may form them- 
selves into a corn pan y, provided the suo-ccstion 
o? the honorable Senator from Louisiana should 
prcvail, and it should be loft open as to the indi- 
viduals who are to unite themselves in a corporate 
act. The bill provides that those individuals may 
go on; agree to accept the terms of the act; select 
the linc over v,zhich the road is to be built; report 
it to the and the only effect of the pro- 
viso, to which mine is an amerrdment, is that the 
title to the lands shall not vest until they have 
obtained acts of incorporation fro rn the States and 
Territor?cs through which the proposed linc of 
road is to be exteridcd. So, thcrcfore, it does not 
in reality produce delay. To these gentlemen is 
cömmitted the power of selecting the line. rl*h-cy 
are authorized to do all that can be done; and they 
cannot get the benefit of the grant of land until 
the first fifty miles of the road shall be con- 
NEW SCREES„..z..No. 25.7 
of Ohe of them would pup an 
concepn, being a dissolution of -the parthefShiFö"r 
the joint ownership. Hehceit was, 'aS I .•undeit- 
stood, that this proviso was put into the 
they should be first incorporated before the 
to the property which is dohated:by the-act shod)d 
vest in and belong to them. That -is all; and ih- 
the mean time these gentlemen are allöwed to go 
on and select the line, aid dö all they could do, 
with the exception of getting thc title to the- prop- 
erty. But sup>ose it did produce a -little delay: 
are we to be told,' in a measure of this importahc@, 
that it-is to be hucriéd tlii•öüglf', a'fid:evéii delåy 
Of few months' is not to. be•tålérated Or allowed? 
That is a strange thing. 
Thc Senator from California, when he: 
just now, said that thö, Governmpnt Was: to bé 
amply secured for the payment of the large arnöub't 
of bonds authorized to be issued by this bill. The 
Senator from Massachusetts, who has just ad'- 
dressed the body, with candor which I com- 
mend , says he neverexpects that the Government 
will be reimbursed at all; but that ,shc will 
the bonds to pay; and no doubt he is right in that 
particular. 
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator to 
say a word? 
Mr. BRAGG. Certainly. 
Mr. GWIN. The 
GREEN] stated the other •day, and the Senator 
from Minnesota [Mr. RICE] this morning, thät 
the parties might build a pa'rt- of thé roqAd, 'abåti- 
don it, and thus the Government w0uIdVIös*p 'the 
In answer to thåt,' 
who!e of its investment. 
stated that the Government was to have I'hé first 
lien ori the whole' property, a first 
the whole road, arm that if any such tliinø sli6ü1d 
be done, tho pi•ivate subschiptions woulä bc for- 
feited. 1 differ entirely with the Senat.or from 
Massachusetts. That is a difference of opinion 
between him and mc. It is an- old difference of 
I heard that Senator say •here a fé{y 
opinion. 
yez.u•s ago, that he thought it would cost the Gov.- 
think 'it 
ernment $10,000,000 to run the road. 
would be the best stock that npxon•ey ever was•in- 
vested in. That is my judgment; but I may be 
mistake i) in it. 
Mr. BRAGG. 1 think that 
Senator froin Massachusetts is fight; and if thé 
Sentitor from California Will examinev this" bill 
with the care—I was going to say which he ought 
to have (lone, but 1 will not say that— 
Mr. GWIN. You ought not; because 1 have 
examined it closer than you-have. 
Mr. BRAGG. But I VgiJl say, he has riot ap- 
plied to it that acumen which -he oügbt to halve 
applied to it. He will séé that the only provisiön 
for the payment of this money is' out of thé-øcost 
and the price paid by thc Government for the 
tra•nsportation of i_ts troops, stores, &C., over and 
across the line of thc road. say that the mort'- 
gage to be givcn applies in the very wörds of the 
bill to the reitnbursement-of the Government in 
that way. 'I'he, whole act—I can point out the 
lines and the scctions—looks to tl'le reimbu-rsc- 
I mentofGovernment in that way, and none other; 
at'id when the Senator from Iowa [Mr. HARLAN] 
slated the other day that the Government would 
be fully protected, without the passage of any 
such amendment as I have offered here, because 
certain laws and charters had first to be passed 
by the Territorial Lecrislatures and the Stale Le- 
I gis}atures; that they would havc to bc submitted 
to the Attorney General of the United States; and 
that he was to sce that those laws were sumcient, 
and that a sufficient mortgage was executed to the 
I Government. , to protect the Government in re- 
I spects, and to have it reimbursed for this large 
i amount of •money, which was to be donated to 
this company—when he said that, he was cntiéely 
mistaken ; for, if hc will look to the act, and if lilie 
the Inean time, these corporate acts Senator fron•l California will look to the 
said aets ofincorporation shall be suinnitted to and approved structed. 
are to be obtained, and will be obtained, if the will sec that it contemplates [hat Government" 
by the Congress of the United States. 
to be reimbursed out of the pay föc0ühspöfta'ti'on 
Mr. FESSENDEN. should like to inquire road is built at all. That was a provision inserted 
to an objection which has been urged, that done for the service of the Govérnrnent, ands in 
of the Senator from North Carolina, if, in his iüdg- 
if these gentiemen wore merely associated to- that way alone; and that the terins Öf the mort- 
Inel')t., that clause will necessarily or probabiy se- 
are made in the •samewords,-and conförm to 
cure the United States against the difficulty which l. gether, withoutany corporate existence, the death I 
25 
