388 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 15, 
Mr. FESSENDEN.. Let it be read in con- 
nectioh, so that wc can understand it. 
The. Secretary read, as follows: 
Provided further, That the said persons and their asso- 
ciates shali not be or beCome vested with any grant, right, 
or'interest intended to be secured by the provisions of this 
to be first acquired by thorn, or such of them as. shall ac- 
cept the tenns and conditions or this act, within t.be ter- 
ritoriar and Statb jurisdictions into and through which the 
railroad -contemplated -by this aet shall be Constructed ; 
nor.uotil said acts Of incorporation shall have been sub- 
mitted to, and approved -by, the Congtess of the United 
States: Jhd probided further, That, ünder no circum- 
stances; shall the corporations organized as atmesaid exer- 
eise any banking pdwers, or issue any paper intended to 
be circulated -as inoney, nor have a corporate existence 
exceeding a term of — 
years. 
Mr. CLARK. If the honorable Senator from 
North Carolina will allow,' me, I should like to in- 
quire who is going to hold the property after the 
expiration of those years? What is to become 
of it, and who is to manage it) 
Mr. BRAGG. suppose it would be like every 
other corporation. 
I presume there is not a per- 
petuity of that kind in this country. 
Mr. CLARK. I will say to the honorable Sen- 
ator that the of all these railroads are per- 
petual in my country. I never knew one of them 
to be limited. 
Mr. BRAGG. None of them arc perpetual in 
mine, and hence the difference between the Sen- 
ator and m self. 
Mr. CLXRK. It will create ereat confusion. 
We provision in our States that the Legis- 
latutes Inay tiller, amend, or repeal; but we never 
limit them; and unless there is an occasion for re- 
pealing them, whiie,h I never knew, the charter 
runs directly on. The property controlled by 
the corporators: and it ought to be so hero 
seems to me. We should provide that we may 
correct abuses and control the charters, but let the 
corporations go on. 
Mr. BRAGG. I was aware of the 
betwccn Lhc charter or acts of incorporaf.ion wh ich 
it is USUUI to grant in New England 
granted in n) y section of' the country, was aware 
that tho clause which the honorable Senator rncn- 
tions was usually _inserted there; but in no case is 
it inserted in corporntc acts with us. 
Individuals 
with us, are not willing to accept such te:nns in 
'They are not willing to run 
any corporate act. 
the risk, an(l hence it is that we usually limit the 
term för which 
the franchise is granted by the 
corporate act to be enjoyed. 
I was goinr on little further. 
I do not see 
how the Iden of t.hc Senator can be carried out 
here at all, do not suppose that Congress has 
a right to retain or exercise any such power as he 
suacrestrs to exist in corporate acts in his section 
of the country, or.ü* he thinks ought to bc incor- 
portucd int() this biii. 
I cannot imucrine, after a 
company has obtained un act of incorporation 
frotn one of the Slates of 
this U n ion , 
how Con- 
by any reserved 
can alter that act. 
Can it altcr 
it by tnking away it any {he 
franc Inses fed by the to, ( 
away It any of its Such thing 
as that cannot be done 'V Congress, at least in 
my h umble. opinion. 
It has no power tn do it, 
even with a reservation of such powor in this bill. 
Such a reservation, being illegal in my opinion, 
would only bc void. 
Well, sir, presented to my mind in that aspect, 
The States are usually careful oti that subject. I libe of railroad and the property would pass to 
presume these charters will provide not Ohly the 
individuals having no right to exercise the privi- 
proper safeguardc with regard to the protection 
leges which the old company had exercised. I 
of persons and property, but also with regard to I am coming to that point. Then the honorable 
the limitation of time, if they judge it necessary; Senator from Maine will see that when, by an 
but is it a matter really of any interest to the application either on the part of the existing com- 
United States? They will exist as charters in pany, or on the part of any other persons, or by 
Territories to bccomc States; not as charters an insertion in the charters of the companies when 
granted by the United States. 
they are formed, as they are proposed to be 
Mr. BRAGG. The amendment having been formed now, their property is sold, it may, when- 
adopted, which I first offered, I admit I do not I ever it becomes necessary to wind up the concern, 
regard thc present amendment of that importancc pass into the hands of such new company as may 
did at first, because Congress will obtain the con- have it, or it may be renewcd to the old company. 
What I want to guard against is a perpetuity 
trol, to some extent, over these acts of incorpora- 
t.ion. But, sir, we are legislating.for a work in 
v.' bich iVill exist forever. If nothing of that kind 
which the whole country is intctest.cd. 
It may 
i should be done, if no new act of incorporation 
be that the States and Territories will put the par- 
should be passed by any of the States or Territo- 
rics through which this road is built, I admit it 
would be derelict property at the end of the term 
if the corporation did not seli it. We know they 
would sell it, though. 
It would be derelict prop- 
i erty afterwards, in whatever way the laws of the 
i State in which the property was situated provided. 
I can see no obiection, therefore, to limiting these 
corporations to a tecm of years. Senators can 
make it a long one. Without that, I do not see. 
that this Government will have any control over 
ties named in this bill, under proper restrictions; 
but we have no assurance that they will do it. It 
may be said it will be their interest to do it; but 
a part of these acts of incorporation arc to bc ob- 
taincd from States, and a part frogn Territorial 
Legislatures. We do not what kind of acts 
rnay be obtained. Wo have undertaken to con- 
trol them in one respect; and think it will nar- 
row down the subjects which will have to be con- 
sidercd by Congress hereafter, upon the approval 
of these charters, if we adopt the arnendment 
which now omer, limiting the existencc of these 
corporations to a term of years. Senators may 
make it a very long one, seventy-five, one hun- 
drcd, or more, 
Mr. FESSEkDEN. Will the 
me for making another suergestion to him ; because 
we arc at the same thing, the full under- 
standing of the matter ? 
Mr. BRAGG. Yes, Nit. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is this: we are to be 
repaid by cort.ain services to be pcrformcd by 
these roads. Suppose there should bc limita- 
tion, and the charters that are obtained from the 
several tories and States, whatever they rnay 
be, should expirc before we ure repaid, before 
wc havo recei ved back our Inoney: what condilion 
shall vve bc in then? It strikes rne our intercst is 
the other way. 
Mr. BRAGG. 1 will answer the honorable 
gentleman with pleasu rc . 
i think not. 
I differ 
with him. 
In the first place, we are to have a 
11) ortgae•e on the road. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It exist beyond 
the limits of the charter. 
Mr. BRAGG. Yes, sir; but 1 will to that 
directly, if the honorable will have pa- 
tiencc. 
In the first place, we are to have a mort- 
gage on the road. Now, I shall propose further 
to amend this bill, by striking out that part of it 
relnt.ing to the mortga«ye which provides that the 
Government shall be reimbursed by the work 
(lone for the Government. 
I want a fun lien, a 
full first rucn•tgacre upon Ille road ; 
and I think it 
ought to be. 
I know no reason why it ought not 
LO be. One gentletnan says that he never expects 
tbc Governinent. to be rcirnbursed. -A 110thcr one 
()ne who has ruainly charge of this•bill— 
says he thinks it will be rcirnbursed. -VVell, sir, 
let us have this bill in a condition in 
i which the Attorney General can frame a mort- 
so that the Government [nay be ultirnately 
paid; nol that I want to see this work sold out 
before it gets built and has crone into operation at 
the next question with mc was, whether wo ought all, or perhaps at anv tiine, but with a mortu•acre 
to allow company of this kind, especially of the of that kind, and with Lho arnendn'ient I propose 
very large rncans which it ought to possess, which 
adopted litniting the c.xislenee of the conunujy for 
it, is necessary for it to possess, and therefore of 
honorable Sena lor 
, a tertn of' y cars, the 
them; I do not believe you can reserve any power, 
or exercise any power, to modify any of the cor- 
porate acts which they may obtain, and you will 
have no power over thern tit all. 
While I am up, if I do not over-fatigue the 
Senate, I mav say another word in relation to 
another part of the bill, on that subject. 
provided in this bill, that if this first corporation 
does not carry out the purposes of this act, and 
coniply with all the conditions of the grant— 
what? Why, in the first place, that they shall 
forfeit all under it. 
I admit that this Gov- 
ernment has a right to exact that forfeiture, or 
to make it a condition precedent to granting the 
land; and if the condilion is a lawful Oi)e, then 
she would have a right to withhold the properly 
that had not been used, and had 1')0t been ex- 
pended. The land or money unexpended she 
would have a right to withhold. But the act goes 
on further to say, that in that case the non-corn- 
pliance with the provisions of this act shall result 
forfeiture of the franchises and entire property 
of the corporation. This Government has no 
right to exact any such franchise. How would 
you go about it? Here is a corporation. The 
act establishing it is granted bv a State. How 
can the United States exact any •förfeiture of that 
franchise? How can you take the corporate 
property that has been acquired by condemnation 
or by gift from the States? Here is the St.ate of 
Texas, for instance, which, in a part of this bill, 
crives sixteen sections of land per mile. You 
cannot do it, sir. That is all a delusion. It is 
a proposition on the part of this bill to take from 
the first corporation and give it to another cor- 
poration, and upon such ten-ns and provisions 
and qualifications ns Congress may provide. 
is ail idle. 
It amounts to nothing, at least, in my 
l) t_unble judgment; and I think that every lawyer 
in the Senate, when he considers the matter, will 
come to the same conclusion. 
I-lencc, sir, we must look to the corporation 
first organized, and see that proper tests and 
pr(jper provisions are made in regard to the exe- 
cution of their power. The expectation held out, 
according to the this bill, that if they 
do not c,mnply with these terms, whatever is 
creanted to them, franchises, property and all, or 
the influence which it would necessarily oxercise, Maine, J. think, will see at one,e, as able a lawyer 
whatever they ilia y hold at the time they are 
to have powers granted to it which would amount 
as be is, that Ibe Crovepnrnent could foreclose that guilty Of the act Of is forfeited, and 
to a perk)etuitv. 
passes to a new company, is futile and idle; it 
n') ortgage at any time, and be reiml)ursed 
its 
Mr. ESSF,NDEN. Will the Senator allow money. That is what 1 mean, sir. 
aunounts to 110thing. All this Government can 
And if the 
nae t.o a.sh• him a question just there? 
do is to withhold any further appropriation of 
other amendment be adopted which I have surr 
Mr. BRAGG. Yes, sii•. 
rnoney, or any farther land; and hence I think 
gested, and which I think ought to adopted, i' 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is this: this con- 
we should guard this bill carefully. It has many 
he will then see the I-n•opriety of the one I have 
templates, suppose, or we contemplate in all ofTered•, at least, that it is not objectionable in the 
objections. I have pointed out some of them. I 
think it would be decidedly safer, therefore, to 
these proceedines in regard to it, that the tirne 
of view which he has stated. 
limit the term for which these corporate acts are 
will corne sorne time or other when all these 'I'er- 
in reply to what bas fallen frcntl the i 
But ao•ain: 
He savs, I to be allowed to go into effect 
ritorlcs shall bee.ornc States. Now what is it to Senator frotn Now Hampshire. 
us to provido anything with reference to the tune? is to beconle of' this property when the tern-I of li 
Mr. CLARK.- Will the Senator 
Mie give certain atnount of money. We 
from North Carolina allow me to make an in- 
• - years expires? sir, 
the corporatioh would 
vide fbr its repayment. 'l'hat is all the 
have a right to sell it, as every corporation which 
we have i}) 
it, SD far as that is concerned. Is it 
winds up its affairs has. Banking institutions, 
Mr. GREEN. Allow me to make a sugges- 
not the busines:.s of the States and the Territories railroad and other corporations, all 
tion. 
to look out with reference to the time, the dura- 
wind up their affairs, and the corporate property 
Mr. CLARK. Certainly. 
'ion of the charter, 
rather than ours? 
It would is disposed of'. 
It might be said that here are. no 
Mr. GREEN. cannot possibly get through 
be of no consequence to us one way or the other, persons who can exercise the franchise, and the the bill to-night, and it is necessary that we should 
