1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
have a short executive session. 
the motion without the Senator's consent. Can 
I make that rnotion ? 
Mr. LATH'AM. 1 hope this will 
be disposed of before the Senator makes that mo- 
It will take but a moment. 
tion. 
Mr. GREEN. You cannot got throuæh this 
bill to-night. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator insist on his motion. 
Mr. GREEN. have .no right to make the 
motion without the consent of thc Senator from 
Niw Hampshire. 
Mr. CLARK. If I supposed this amendment 
would takc any time, I would give way; but I 
should prefer to have a votc on t.hc amendment. 
I simply want to make a sugcrestion, and inquire of 
tho honorable Senator from Nort.h Carolina if he 
does not desire this road, if it is built, and if it goes 
into operation, to continue to exercise its privil- 
eves and do the business so long as it may be 
found for the public good? I think hc will say 
certainly he does. He says at the cnd of a certain 
time they may sell out. Then I ask him why 
should he desire them to sell out? 
Mr. BRAGG. If the Senator will allow me, i 
will answer that inquiry which he puts to mo. 
Mr. CLARK. Certainly. 
Mr. BRAGG. I do not know what may OCCtu•. 
Every day's experience here—and thatexpericnce 
has been a very short one—the experience of my 
whole life, I am sure, teaches me that, to grant 
powers which you cannot afterwards reclaim, is 
a thing that ought always to be done sparingly 
and cautiously. Now, sir, I know 110twliat power 
this corpo ration or thesc corporations may acquire. 
I know not how they may wield or exercise 
them. I have said that, in a certain con tin oency, 
it might become a crcat, monstrous, overspread- 
ing, powerful corporation, that would wield and 
exercise an influence in thc country that has ncvcr 
I want 
been wielded or exercised herc bcforc. 
I do not want it to exist 
some check npon it. 
forever—not that would destroy the road, not 
that f would break it up at all; but at the end of 
that time, we should be enabled to see how these 
powers had been exercised. I? they had bccn 
abused, why, of course, this combination and 
this power would be broken up, and new checks 
and new guarantees would be placed over it. 
have no idca the road will be broken up at all. It 
might go into new hands; but a great highway 
of this kind, when once in operation, I Submit 10 
the honorable Senator therc is not thc slightest 
danger that it would ever come to an end. 
We are talking now about thc public. That is 
a matter which may concern the stockholders; 
but so far as thc public is concerned, I have never 
known. and I venture to say the Senator has never 
known, a railroad once built, although the first 
cornpany who built it proved to be insol vent, which 
was not kept go i n (P. ha vc known several instances 
of failure; )lave known cases of •railroads 
down entirely; but they have always becn recon- 
structcd under some new company, perhaps with 
some modified powers. Bub as for their ceasing 
to be public highways, such a thing as that, I 
think, never has existed in the country, and never 
will occur. That is my answer. 
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, it to mc 
when we, have provided in this bill that these 
charters shall be submitted to our approval before 
this grant could take effect, wo guard against any 
abusc that may be contained in those charters. 
Then, if we were to provide in this bill that this 
grant shall be made upon condition that the Con- 
gress shall have power to legislate to correct 
abuses, we put a much morc effectual guard upon 
it, and onc which may operate earlier than tlie 
one suggested by the honorable Senator from 
North Carolina. 
Mr. BRAGG. Does the Senator think Con- 
gress has such power? 
Mr. CLARK. I think it may make the grant 
I will not make at the cnd of fifty or one hundred years—just pre- 
l. cisely as much in one case us the other. 
think 
it is for the advantage of the Government to have 
as good a charter as possible, and to have it as 
long as possible, so that it shall not be subjected 
to interruptions. Now, I will submit to the hon- 
orable Senator to let this amendment go for the 
present, and sce if we cannot insert one of that 
kind in the bill. 
Mr. BRAGG. I will withdraw the amendment 
Wilh a great deal of pleasure. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
ment is withdrawn. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 desire to offer an nmcnd- 
ment in accordance with some remarks I made 
the other day, for the purpose of relieving this 
bill of the featuro of monopoly stamped upon its 
face, and leaving the right to subscribe to this 
corporation open to the public, instead of being 
confined to those persons only named in the bill, 
propose to strilcc out, in thc 
or their friends. 
thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth lines of the first sec- 
tion, thc words,' "a majority of such grantces• 
shall admit as their associates, " and to insert the 
" shall choosc to associate with them, and 
words, 
become with thein subscribers and corporators 
for that purpose, as hereinafter providéd." The 
purpose of that amendment is to ållow outsiders 
to choose whether they will come in, instead of 
leaving the insiders to choosc whom they will ex- 
clude. 
Mr. SEWARD. for the yeas and nays 
on the amendrnent. 
Tbc yeas und nays were ordered. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move that. the Senate 
ad) ourn. 
Cho motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
TUESDAY, January 15, 1861. 
The I louse met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAs H. STOCKTON. 
TheJournalofycsterday vvras read and approved. I 
TELEGRAPIIIC NIGHT SIGNALS. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House a report from tho Secretary of 
the Navy, concerni ng tho Coston telegraphic night 
signals, called for by resolution of the House of 
Representatives, of 9th January, iS61; which ••.vas 
referred to tbc Cannnittcc on Naval Affairs, and 
ordered to be printed. 
INDIAN DEFICIENCIES—EIGHTII CENSUS. 
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent, 
laid before the I-louse a communicalion from the 
Secretary of the Interior, transmittin(Y estimates 
for deficiencies in the Iiidian service, and for the 
expcnsc.± of taking tho eighth annual census; 
which was referred to the Committee of Ways 
and Means, and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE, OF THIRTY-TI-IRDE. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 from the reading 
of the Journal that the report of thc special com- 
tnittee of thirty-three was madc the special ordcr 
for next Monday. I desire that it shall be the 
special order only after the morning l'i0tn•, so that 
I understand 
the ordinary business may go on. 
that that was the understanding of the House 
yestcrdav. 
Mr. FLORENCE. It was so stated. 
T hc SPEAKER. If there bc no objection, it 
will be understood that the special order will bc 
only after the. morning hour. 
ryhere was no objection•. 
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS. 
Mr. GROW: To-day was set apart for terri- 
I find myself now in a worse 
torial business. 
OREGON AND WASHINGTON 
Mr. STOUT. I ask the unanimous consent of 
the House to offer the following resolutiou:. 
Resolved, That the bill of this House for the paymenffot. 
the Oregon and Washington war debt be made •the-Special 
order for Tuesday, the 24th instant. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 must object 
Mr. STOUT. 1 hope the gentleman 
interpose any objection of that kind-, but will leb 
the bill come up and be disposed of. v If it is to.' 
be defeated—if we are to be denied the payment 
of this debt—let it be done after a fair fu-ld- lecriti- 
mate hearing of the casc before the House.. 
gentleman knows that the State which is asking 
the payment of.this just debt is represented upon 
this floor by a single Representative; and I am 
not prepared to meet the kind of opposition which 
the géntleman seems disposed to, urge to-the -bill. 
I trust he will not insist upon oppOsitio.1T of this 
character, but will meet the question on .itsmer- 
its. 
Mr. MAYNARD. -I honor the gentleman 
from (h•egon for the zeal with which he urges the 
interests bf his constituents; and: i bear myrtes- 
timony with pleasure to his zeal and fidelity; but, 
from my knowledge of tbc nature of these claimss 
I should be doing injustice to myself if I did-,not 
object to his resolution. 
Mr. STOU'I'. It requires unanimous consent 
to have the resolution acted upon at this time, I 
believe. 
The SPEAKER. It does. 
CRITTENDEN COMPROMISE. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 ask the 
nuous consent of the I-louse to present a mcmo- 
rial from twelve thousand citizens of Bgltin•iore, 
of all political praying the passage of the 
resolutions introduced by Mr. CRITTENDEN in the 
I hope tbc I-lousc will allow me to say 
Senate. 
that if they desire to tranquilize the public mind, 
and to immortalize themselves, they cannob do it 
more effectually than by the passage of these 
resolutions. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
Is debate 
in order? 
The SPEAKER. It is not in Older. 
The memorial was laid upon the table. 
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. 
Mr. BURCH, by unanimous consent, submit- 
tcd the resolution; which *.vas read, 
considered, and agreed to: 
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be in- 
structcd to inquire into the necessity and propriety o? so 
extending the eastern boundary line of the State of Cali- 
fornia as to include within the limits and jurisdiction of 
said State that portion of western (J tah known as VVashoe; 
and, if deemed expedient, to report a bili thereför. 
PAY OF STENOGRAPHER. 
Mr. BARR, by unanimous consent, submitted 
the iöllowiner resolution; which was read, con- 
sidercd, avd agreed to: 
Resolved, That thC Cornmittee of ACcouots' addit the 
accounts of the stenographer emptoyed by the select com- 
mittee appointed on the 20th o? March, 1860, to investigate 
the contract for work.on store No. 12, Broad street, New 
York, at the ratc of four dollars a day, for the time that he 
was employed by såid committee. 
Mr. DUNN. I dcsirc to present the proceed- 
inos of a public meeting in my district. 
äw.r. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. object; all 
these proceedings can be presented under the 
rules. 
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the be 
suspended, and the House resolve itself "into 
the Committee of thc Whole on the state of the 
Union. 
T hc motion was agreed to. 
'I"hc House accordingty resolved itself into the 
Commit,tcc of the on the state of the Union, 
predicament oven than I was the other day. It 
v.ras agreed that three (lays should bc allowed for I (Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, in the chair,) and 
debate on the A rinyr bill', and gentlemen are, of resumed the consideration of the Army appro- 
course, very anxious to improvc that time. I priation bill, upon which Mr. REAGAN was enti- 
upon the condition that they shall not take the 
am not disposed to interferc with the wish of the II tied to the floor. 
benefit of this grant unless on those terms. 
Mr. BRAGG. There is nothing of that kind 
in the bill now. 
Mr. CLARK. I know there is nothing of that 
kind in the bill now, but there should be before it 
passes; because thev can just as well take the grant 
upon the terms tha[ Congress shall have the right 
to cörrect abuses, as they can upon the terms that 
Congress shall have the right to put an end to it 
therefore, that Mr. REAGAN. 
House in that regard. 
Tuesday and Wednesday, two weeks from to- presence of great events. When Congress assem- 
day and to-morrow, be set apart for the consider- bled some weeks ago, the control of the condition 
I came here with 
ation of territorial business, provided that the ofthc country was in its hands. 
special ordcr for next week be disposed of by ! a fuli knowledge of the deep discontent that pre- 
that time, and if not, the two days Immediately i vailed in a portion of the States, and I felt then sat- 
isfied—as all must be satisfied liöw=that they ih- 
succeeding those. 
tended to insist unconditionally -and unalterably 
There being no objection, it was so ordered. 
