392 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 15, 
section, and in my State particularly, which was 
ättempted:to be forced upon the public mind, and 
whioli I thought would mar the harmony of the 
Democratic party. I have fought the battles of 
the Union without looking forward to the conse- 
I have foumht them in times when the 
quences. 
result 'for the Union seemed hopeless. If I could 
believe we could have security of our rights within 
the Union, I would go home and fight the battles 
of the Union in the future with the same earnest- 
ness and energy t-bat I have done in times past. 
While those gei)tlemen tendér us war as the I 
alternative, if we do not submit, yet, sir, not onc 
woyd is Said in the way of rebuke to those of the 
Republican party who have created the present 
storm ; no demand is made of the Republican party 
to relinquish their unconstitutional encroach- 
ments—to give up pretensions inconsistent with 
Our system of governmentand our political rizhts. 
There appeal ougrht to be made, that our rights 
should be given to us, and that we should be se- 
cured in the enjoynpentof them. Let that be done, 
and no arm and no voice will bc raised against, 
thc Fcderal Union. Deny us our rights, and we 
will face your messengers of death , ai)d show you 
how freemen can die; or, living, how they can 
maintain their rights. Mark that, sir ! 
Where, Mr. Chairman, is now our hope for 
conciliation? Pennsylvania and Vermont have 
already acted on the proposition to repeal thei 
personal -liberty bills; and they have refused to 
repeal those obnoxious and unconst.i tucional laws. 
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] stated, yes- 
terday, that he thought those laws would be 
repealed in Ohio. 
Mr. HALE. There no personal liberty 
laws upon the statute-books of Pennsylvania. I 
know the statement has been made, but it has 
been corrected tirnc and again . 
Mr. REAGAN. 1 refe•t• the gcntleman to his 
owrn statute-boolcs. 
Mr. MORRILL. Let me say a word for Ver- 
mont. 
Mr. REAGAN. 1 cannot allow myself to be 
interrupted constantly. 
Mr. MORRILL. 1 desire to correct a 
ment that the gentleman has made. ] know that 
he would not willingly misrepresent my State. 
Vermont, sir, has not refused to repeal her per- 
sonal liberty bills. 'I'he matter was referred to a 
commission; and when that cornmission reports, 
the Legislature will then, I have no doubt, act on 
the subject. 
Mr. REAGAN. They have not repealed the 
personal liberty bill. That was my statement; 
and that statement is not denied. 
do not believe 
that they will repeal them in the northern States. 
It does not lie in the mouthsofour northern friends 
to ask us to believe them until they can promisc 
with certainty that those laws will be repealed. 
We know that delay is death. We have already 
experieliced scnne of tho fruits of delays. 
We want to avert civil war if we can. Yet no 
effort has been made to give us what, under the 
Constilution, we ought to have. 
It is not pro- I 
posed to give us what will reasonably make the 
southern people believe that they will have. secu- i 
rity in thc Union. No such proposition can be 
made and sustained; because, to gi ve us our rights 
is to disband the Republican party. Tho exist- 
ence of that party depends upon the 
Federal Constitution, and in rnakine war upon 
the institutions of the South. 
'I'here is now an 
irrepressible conflict.; and either the Federal Gov- 
ern or the Repu l)lican party must end . 
not here to palliate or to dodge one of the inevi- 
I am ready, for one, 
table dangers that beset us. 
to face theun all; 
and I think that that is the bet- 
tcr course for us all to pursue. NV hen we all do 
that, then we will have a inst understanding of 
our rclativc positions. You all know that we 
cannot, and dare not, live in this Union, with our i 
rights denied by the Republican party. 
Its as- ; 
cendency is OUR' destrtacthon•, and, sir, its destruc- 
consent and agreement, as contradistinguished pendence, when we can no longer live in this Gov- 
from a Government of force or a military déspot- 
ism. It is bound to bc one or the other. Which 
is it? It is a voluntary association of free, repub- 
-lican States, upon terms of equality, or it is a 
military despotism, in which the Federal arm, 
through its Army and Navy, cun subdue the 
States at will, and force them to submit to any 
grievance which may emanate from the Federal 
Govern mentor other States. Which of these posi- 
tions do my friends intend to assume? Assumincr 
the principle that the Federal Government has the 
right to bind the States in all things, they go upon 
the hypothesis that their interests and position 
will require them to command the outlet to the 
Gulf of Mexico and the forts upon the coast of 
Florida. I do not rise for the purpose of denyino• 
the right of passage to the Gulf; but I must ex- 
press 111 y regrets that they talk in advance of 
cleaving their way to the Gulf by armies with 
banners, beföre one man from all that country 
has ever said that they shot_lld have any cause 
for war. No one has ever intended to deprive 
them of the benefit of the navigation of the Mis- 
sissippi. No one intends it to-day; so that if we 
are trampled upon by force, let me proclaim to 
them and to the country, that they must place 
their action upon a different ground, because we 
intend that they shall never have cause of war 
upon that account. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 'The gentleman seems 
to refer to my remarks of yesterday. 
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman did not say 
so yesterday; but he did on a former day of the 
session. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Never. 
M/ OICE. It-was said by the gentleman from 
Ohio, [Mr. VALLANDIGHAM.] 
Mr. REAGAN. All I want to say is that our 
interest is peace, and our hopes are for pcacc. 
War is in opposition to all our intcrcsts and our 
hopes. We want no war; and we intend to give 
no just cause for war, unloss the attempt to sep- 
arate ourselves peaceably from despotism, and to 
take care of our rights under a friendly govern- 
ment—and they would be destroyed undera hos- 
tilc govern men I—is a cause for war. NM c declare 
in ad vancc that we will not in t.erfi•rc with your nav- 
icration of the Mississippi river. We know that 
is necessary for you; but we cannot, because 
there may possibly bc some conflict of interest 
between us, consent to surrender our liberties 
pather than assume the responsibility of organiz- 
inga covernment which will cover the lower part 
of that river and the capes of Florida. 
The gentleman from Illinois made a statement 
yesterday, such as I suppose a gallant and heroic 
man would make, it' his proposition was prop- 
erly predicated. 
He said they could not submit 
to the control of the mouth o? the Mississippi and 
the capes of Florida by us; that they would 
rather perish— 
he said, with crnphasis— 
than sulnnit to any other Power controlling the 
Mississippi, and cornmandincr the coast of Flor- 
If such is his jealousy of the commercial 
rights only of his own section; if hc feels so keen 
and sensitive. a jealousy, what would he think of 
us if, when our commerce, our homes, our prop- 
erty, our social and political possessions, for aki 
time to ccnne, arc imperiled, we should, like trem- 
bling dastards, yield our rights? Ao•realheartlike 
his would never expect it; -would never exact it. 
We prefer liberty, and all its consequences, to a 
teruporary peace without- honor; 
and the oentlb- 
man will justify us if, under such circumstances, 
we tell the North, and tell the world that we ac- 
cept independence, with all its consequences, in . 
preference to base submission, dishonor, and irre- 
trievable ruin. We shall l')ave no cause of war. 
My secti01'1 sympathizes with the gentleman from 
Illinois and his friends. They look upon them 
as dcfenders of tbc Constitution; and it has been 
my pride on many a slump, and in many a place, 
to eulogize by nmne the gentleman from Illi- 
tion this day is thc only salvation for the Union. 
nois [Mr. MCCLERNAND] and the gentleman from 
I will now, for a moment, refer to the arffll- Ohio, [Mr. Cox,J with all their associates, for 
ments of the distinguished gentlemen from Illinois i I their gallant conduct, their moral courage, their 
and Ohio, [Messrs. MCCLERNAND and Cox.] As 
heroic bearing, in standing up against northern 
one member of this House, I want to give them II fanaticism, and resisting its onward wave to the 
an assurance that the anticipations t,hey entertain, destruction of the Constitution, the Union, and 
and upon which they base their arguments, can II our rights. Now, what 'W'ill our people say when 
never. be reaiizcd. r have been taught, from my \ I 
these speeches are printed and sent to then'), and 
earliest instruction in the theory and practice of they see that these gentlemen arc the first in this 
our Government, that this is a Government of House who say that the assertion of our inde- 
ernment, shall invoke the cannon, the rifle, the 
saber, and all the instruments of war? What will 
I they say when they gee that these gentlemen, who 
have long resisted ayolitionjsm, defied its power, 
and been crushed down by its operations, are the 
very first to surrender at discretion in the face of 
the abolition enemy? 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 belong to a particu- 
lar association—a great party—that. occupies a 
distirict ground in this controversy upo•n the sla- 
very queStion. We hqve been a Union party— 
a constitutional party—orTanized against the two 
extreme parties. We will not succumb to either, 
but continue to stand by the constitutional guar- 
antees,as have done in the past. 
Mr. REAGAN. I would always have ex- 
pected from the gentleman such a proposition. I 
know the gentleman's position well; and what I 
ask him to consider is, what has brought ux to 
our present condition? If our rights had not been 
denied us—if our condition had not been imper- 
riled—no voice would have been raised in the 
South fer disunion. Will you compel us to sub- 
mit to abolition behests? Will you demand that 
we shall submit to destruction at their hands? I 
understand the position of those gentleman; but 
I ask them to review their words, and determine 
whether they are prepared to assert to the world 
and to thc American people, that there is no rem- 
edy under this form of Government for the griev- 
ances, vrorws, and outrages inflicted upon a St.ate; 
that we shall, under this Government, have no 
remedy; and that it is in thc discretion of the Fed- 
etal Government to turn against us the cannon 
and the glittering saber. 
Is such the Government 
under which we live? Is such the Government 
for which Washington and his compatriots bat- 
tled? Is such the Government framed by Jeffer- 
son and Madison and their associates? No. It 
is a Government of consent, a Government of 
am•eement, a voluntary Confederation, in which 
no power was conferred to use force aoainst a 
State, in order to reduce her to subjection. In 
the convention Y'hich framed it, a proposition of 
such a character was offered and rejected by the 
convention; and by the Constitution itself, Con- 
gress can only exercise the powers specifically 
delegated to it. 
I have but one word more to say. I live far to 
the South. We have a long Mexican boundary, 
infestcd by hostile 
and a long Indian frontier, 
savages throughout its whole extent; and yet this 
Government has refused for years to defend us 
against them. We have a long coast, too, open to 
the approach of a naval force, and we know the 
consequences of our acts, and we know what 
may follow an attempt to take care of ourselves 
and our liberty; but we remember, at the same 
time, the history the past. Less than twenty- 
five years ago Texas stood a province of Mexico, 
with a population of not more than thirty thou- 
sand, entitled to the privileges of Mexican citi- 
zens, including all ages and sexes. We lived 
under the Mexican Constitution of 1824, which 
the Texans fought to sustain. That Constitution 
was subverted by a military despot; and our lib- 
erties were trampled in the dust. That despot 
came acyainst us with invading armies for our sub- 
jugation . 
He intended to overawe us by thc•dis- 
play of rnilitary power, as the President and Gen- 
era) Scott are now attempting to do with the 
southern States. T be thirty thousand pcoplc of 
Texas resisted that power foi• the sake of liberty 
and those ri.«rht.s t.o which we were entitled, trust- 
ing to the God of battles and the justice of their 
cause. In that great struggle companies and bat- 
talions fell to rise no more. They sank nobly for 
freedom, as freemen will sink again for her cause 
wherievcr you shall tender to us that alternative. 
Upon the field of San Jacinto they won their lib- 
ecty by their brave hearts and their stalwart arms. 
They vindicated that liberty for ton or twelve 
years after; and then, as a pledge of•their love to 
this Union, and their confidence in its principles, 
and desire for its prosperity and its happiness, 
that people tendered Texas, a free and voluntary 
offering, to come in as one of the States of the 
Union, upon terms of equality with the other 
States. 
But we were told yesterday that we sold out••• 
selves. The gentleman did not mean exactlv what 
his language would imply; but he must see how 
II offensive such kind of remarks must be to those 
