1861. 
who do not appreciate the use he intended to make 
of the argument. Texas cost this Government not 
one cent. She vindicated her liberty by her arms; 
and redeemed to civil and religious liberty a coun- 
try as large as the six New England States, and 
New York, Pen-nsylvania, Maryland, Ohio, and 
Indiana, ail put together. She redeemed it from 
Catholic priestcraft and military despotism, and 
has covered it over with five hundred thousand 
freemen, a prosperous and happy people; and 
they are prepared to vindicate their liberties when 
they are encroached upon again by a despotism 
of one or of many men. 
It is true, that war grew out of the annexation 
of Texas; and I suppose it is that with which thie 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
393 
The poisonings were only arrested by informa- 
tion which came to light before the plan could be 
carried into execution. The citizens x,vere forced 
to stand guard for months, so that no man could. 
have passed through the towns between dark and 
daylight without making himself known. A por- 
tion of them paid thc penalty of their crimes. 
Others were driven out of the country. Thesc 
things had their effect on the public mind. They 
were the results of abolition teachings; a part of 
the irrepressible conflict; a part of the legitimate 
fruits of Republicanism . 
[Here the hammer fell.] 
Mr. STANTON next addressed the committee. 
[His speech will be published in the Appendix.] 
gentleman charges Texas. But this Government I I Mr. A DRAIN. Mr. Chairman, it is now over 
knew what it was doing when it was acquiring seventy-four years since the Federal Constitution 
dominion over that country, and adding to t.be was the Union of these Statesformed; 
and during all that period we have advanced with 
United States to aid in building up its commercial, 
the greatest rapidity in population and extent of 
acrricultural, and manufacturincr interests. But 
they also acquired New Mexico and Utah, and territory, in the arts and sciences, in c.ommerce, 
agriculture, education, and in all the elements 
the great golden State of Califovnia, by that war, 
II 
which constitute a nation 's prosperity and glory. 
and extended their power and dominion to the 
Pacific ocean. And that is what the gentleman 
from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] and the friends of those 
measures, now sneeringly refcr to in their refer- 
I was sorry to 
ence to the purchase of Texas. 
hear it. 
Allu'åon has also been made to the fact that 
$10,000,000 were subsequently paid for a portion 
of the domain of Texas, to some of which, it is 
I have no time to enter into 
said, she had no title. 
an argument upon that question. The Federal 
Governmen t took up ou quarrel for that boundary. 
As our agent, she obtained the title deed for us. 
No lawyer will say that it lay with her to dispute 
our title. She then offered us $10,000,000 for a 
Aud yet, notwithstanding our rapid growth as a 
nation, unparalleled in the world's history, there 
is a restless and persistent effort on the part of 
some of the southern States and people to destroy 
the very cause of all these glorious results—the 
Union, the hallowed Union, purchased and ce- 
mented by the blood and treasure of the great 
patriots and statesmen who made and bequeathed 
It to us, their descendants, to preserve and defend. 
Can it be that they will succeed in their mad and 
unholy efforts? Are there not conservative, pa- 
triotic, arid true men enough in the southern States 
to resist this dark and angry wave of disunion 
which threatcns to dash against and destroy the 
part of this land—eighly or a hundrc.d thousand freest and best Governrnent in the world? Sir, 
I cannot and will not believe that the whole South 
square miles of it. Texas accepted the offer. 
is so illfected with thc dangerous spirit of disloy- 
Shall the Representatives of the Federal Govern- 
ment now taunt us with the staternent that Texas I alt.y to the Federal Constitution and the Union, 
has been bought fora price arid paid for? Why, I as to lead it to drag down i,he. temple of American 
this Governmcnt only bonght•a portion of Texas. 
It is not in the jurisdiction of 
She has that now. 
Texas. This Government proposed the trade. 
Texas assented to it. Was there anything in this 
to can for contemptuous taunts? We made no 
sale to this Government of what is now Texas. 
But Texas did give to this Government, freely and 
voluntarily, her sovereig1Üy and the dominion of 
all her vast and fertile domain, and ought to be 
exempt from the contemptuous charae of havinff 
It is wholly untrue, ana self-respect 
been bought. 
should prevent the making of such a charge. 
Mr. Chairman, there are other subjects which 
I had hoped to discuss this morning, but I will 
not trespass on the patience of the House by dis- 
cussing them now. I havc to say in the end, that 
yet, almost hopeless as it seems, I would be glad 
to see an effort made toward conciliation. Above 
all things I stand here to ill)voke members to look 
upon this qucstion as one whic.h involves the inter- 
ests and destiny of States; to warn thein that they 
are rnaking advances ao•ainst fifteen States, Xtvith 
thirteen million people, and with morc than two 
thirds of the exports of the country; against a 
people who understand all these questions, and 
who are not to -be misled or deceived by special 
pleading; a people who never intended or wished 
to raise their voice against the Federal Govern- 
ment, and who never would have done so if they 
had been let alone. Remember that we only ask 
you to Ict us alone—nothing else. Give us secu- 
rity in the Union. Respect our rights in the com- 
mon Territories. So act among you rselves as to . 
let us know that we need no longer live under 
continual fear of the consequences of your action. 
I must say that the very State from which I 
come, the very district which I represent, has had 
some painful experience during the last summer, 
growincr out of the doctrines of abolitionism. We 
found, for the last two or three years, that the 
members of thc Methodist Church North, and 
others, living in Texas, were propaoat.in« aboli- 
tion doctrines there. We warned them not to 
liberty, crushing the hopes and happiness of mil- 
lions of freemen here, and all the fond and earnest 
aspirations after liberty of the down-trodden and 
oppressed of earth everywhere. No, no; never 
never! Men of the South who love the Union, 
(and there are many such,) and regard it as a 
great political blessing—the sourcc of all our 
national prosperity, and the palladium of our 
liberties—come forth, and say o the rash and 
1 'fisguided men, 
dangerous spirits urnong you: 
we will not permit you to bring upon us all the 
horrors of a bloody civil war, and involve the 
Remem- I 
whole country in one common ruin !" 
ber, men of the South, that your fathers and ours, 
in the days of American Independence, stoo& 
shoulder to shoulder in achievincr one of the grand- 
est victories in the world 's history. It, •„vas your 
fathers and our filthers, by their joint and patri- 
otic efforts, who established the Federal Consti- 
tution and gave us the Union; and will you, their 
descendants, now destroy forever the noble work 
of their great intellects, lofty patriotism, and un- 
dying devotion to the cause of human rights and 
ot• free Government? No, no. Be true to your 
brave and patriotic ancestry; cherish with un- 
dying love their sacred memories; recount their 
many and great services in liberty's cause; and 
strivc to maintain, in all its grand and beautiful 
proportions, thc hallowed Union of our fathers— 
and may I not still say the hallowed Union of 
their sons?—now and forever. 
But if the Union is to be dissolved, and men of 
the South are benton doing such a mad and unholy 
act, Ict me say to you that it will not be done 
without a resolute and determined cffort on the 
part of all true and patriotic men at the North, at 
least, to prevent it by every constitutional means. 
The men of the North intend to stand by the 
i Union, and defend it to the last, while there is a 
hope for its preservation. In the North, the peo- 
unnatural and bloody -warfare-I Heaven, forbid 
it! God, in His ever Mise and protecting -care, 
avert from us such an awful event, which sickens 
the he#rt and chills the blood even to contemplate! 
Oh, may the dark and angry 'clouds of disunionj 
now gathering and lowering over the souther,Q 
horizon, be all dissipated before more soberi 
flection, truer sentiments of patriotism, and 
higher regard for one common Federal Govern- 
ment—one vast and mighty Republic, the home — 
of the free, and the asylum of. the oppressed of 
every land ! 
And, sir, I cannot permit this occasion to pass 
by without an allusion to that dislinguished kon 
of the South, Alexander H. Stephens, of Georgia, 
who has raised his- bold and eloquent voice 
quiet the storm of popular frenzy, and to call back 
an impulsive and misguided people to a sense of 
reason and of patriotism,and to those obligations 
which they owe to the Federal Government, and 
to the whole country. The gifted, eloquent, and 
soul-inspiring orator' and statesman, Stephens; -in, 
coming forth as he has done, amidst. popa.flar 
clamor and prejudice, in defense of the Umon, and 
in boldly rcbuking the voice ofdisunion, has added 
further and imperishable laurels to his already 
great name and character; and I much regret, and 
the whole nation may well regret, that his voice is 
not now heard, as in days past, on this floor in 
this most perilous crisis of our country's his- 
tory, rebuking in the severest tones the spirit of 
disunion, and presenting in all their attractive 
colors the blessings and glory of one great, free, 
It is the duty, sir, of 
and united Government. 
every lover of the country, who regards her future 
peace and safety, to allay, and not to excite still 
more, thc restless and disturbed state of feeling 
now existing in some quarters at the South. And 
I hopc I may say nothing on this occasion which 
is calculated to add more fuel to the flames of dis--. 
union, which are now sending forth their lurid 
glare. 
What, sir, has produced this excitement and 
alienation of feeling on the part of the South to-• 
wards the North? Is it not owing to afear on thcir 
part that the newly-elected President, Abraham 
Lincoln, will disturb the domestic institution of- 
slavery in the sou thern States? Before, however, 
showing the utter groundlessness of this fear, per- 
mit me, in passing, to observe that southern men 
have, in a very great measure, contributed to his 
In the first place, through their threats 
election. 
of deserting Mr. Buchanan 's administration , they 
drove him to forsake the great doctrine of popu- 
lar sovereignty, and to exert the weight of his 
official position and Executive power to impose 
upon the people of a Territory a constitution ut- 
teriy repugnant to their political feelings and sen- 
timen Is, and not the embodiment of their true will. 
And this, we all know, at once led to a wide breach 
in the Democratic party, and inspired the Repub- 
lican party with new hopes of making another 
vigorous and perhaps successful effort to obtain 
the reins of the national Government. And never 
did Mr. Buchanan, and never did southern men, 
make a greater mistake, as far as the success of 
the Democratic party and peace of the country 
were concerned, than when they cndcavorcd to 
force through Congress, and fasten upon an uo- 
willing and protesting people, the Lecompton con- 
slitut.ion. And then again, extreme and ultra men 
of the South broke up the Charleston convention, 
by deserting the old Democratic doctrine of non- 
intervention by Congress with the question of 
slavery, and demanding a new principle—that it 
should directly intervene for its protection. From 
, that moment It was apparent, Lo the least observ- 
ant of the sions of the times, that the Democratic 
party was doomed to suffer certain defeat. If, 
sir, the principle of non-intervention had been 
honestly adhered to—and to which the whole De- 
mocracy was committed—and a candidate nom- 
inated at Charleston representing that principle, 
ple have been educated to speak of and cherish 
and cordially supported both south and north, 
the Union as the greatest political blessing cvcr 
conferred on any people; and they will deiönd it this day, in my opinion, the Democratic party 
would have been triumphant, and the South with 
carry on their schemes of producing disaffection a«ainstall assailants, from any and every quarter, 
among our negroes; but they persisted, and did whenever that defense becomes necessary. But no occasion to send forth their infuriated threats 
not cease until they had organized a society called I pray God that no other defense may ever be to dissolve the Union because of a Republican 
victory. Sir, there would then have been no such 
the Mystic Red. Under its auspices, the night II necessary than an appeal to the sense of patriot- 
victory. This Republican vietory—and listen to 
before •the last August election the tow-ns were to isrn und love of country of those who 'yvould at- 
pray God that the North the truth, ye men of the South, who-have turned 
be burned and the people murdered. There now I tack and destroy it. 
your backs upon the once lauded, but :now de- 
lie in ashes near a dozen tovvrns and villages in and South may never become involved in frater- 
nal strife, and brother's hand dyed in thc blood spiscd, doctrine of popular _sove'reignty—is be- 
my district. Four of them were County seats, 
cause of your folly and desertion of great political 
and two of them the best towns in the district. of brother! May my eyes never witness such an 
