394 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 15, 
I pray you, what law can Mr. Lincoln have en- 
principles, upon which the Democratic party glori- t 
ously triumphed in 1856, and upon which it could I acted, even if so disposed, to interfere- with and 
acain have gloriously triumphed in 1860. How I disturb a single southern right? Why, sir,' will 
can you, then, in the face of these naked truths, not the Senate be opposed to him, as well as the 
now turn round and claim a Republican victory next House of Reprcscntativcs? Will he not be 
as a justifiable' cause for the dissolution of the utterly powerless to do mischief, even if he should 
Union, when you. yourselves have contributed so intend any? Why, sir, 
he will not. be able even 
to form his own Cabinet, and start the Govern- 
much to the accomplishment of that victory ? 
But, sir, is there any real and immediate dan- ment,withoutthe consent meld approval ofa Dem- i pursuc any course likely to lead to the injury of 
ger to the South and her domestic institution of W ocratic Senate. Here is a check upon him at the 
acts of a mere political partisan and onc called 
upon to preside over and direct the destinies ofa 
i great and free people. 
It will be (for who can 
doubt it?) the great desire and aim of Mr. Lin- 
coln to promote the highest interests, happiness, 
i and perpetuity of the country. It cannot be that 
he would prove even so blind to his own reputa- 
tion, if actuated by no higher consideration, as to 
the southern States, and a dismenaberrnent of this 
time enouoh for 
Is it not, then, 
Government. 
. southern men to take their stand, and procruitn 
their doctrine of secession, when Mr. Lincoln, as 
President, actually attempts to interfere with their 
peculiar institution of slavery, and to violate the 
Federal Constitution? •Whenever he should do 
slavery? . It is true, Abraham Lincoln, a Repub- 
lican, will assume the reins of Government on 
the 4th- of March next. It is also true, that he 
regards slavery as a moral, social, and political 
rl'here are hun- 
evil; but in this he is not alone. 
dreds and thousands in the North and Northwest 
who fully ngrce with him in sentiment. And i 
am not far out of the way when I assert that even 
at the South a similar seritiment is entertained by 
many. Most certainly Mr. Lincoln has the right 
to regard slavery asan evil, as well as the great noass 
of southern men to regard it as a (Treat blessing, 
" the highest type of civil- 
and, if you please, as 
His merely holding, and publicly ex- 
ization. 
pressing, too, such an opinion, is a right of which 
no one has just cause to complain. 
It is one of 
the greatcstand most invaluable privileges of our 
Government, that all men are at liberty freely to 
express their sentiments on ail political subjects. 
Tl'his right is one of the chief glories of our Re- 
public, which will last, I trust, as long as the 
Republic itself endures. 
The only real danger to the South would be, 
whenever Mr. Lincoln should attempt, arid be 
able if so disposed, to with arid disturb 
the domestic institution of slavery. But has hc 
even such a disposition? Tl'his is the first im- 
portant inquiry. I am not, sir, 
the exponent of 
Mr.' Lincoln 's poliLical views, nor a me no ber of 
the great Republican party which has elevated 
him to the highest. office within the gift of the 
But, sir, I intend to do justice to Mr. 
people. 
Lincoln, although a political opponeilt, for 
the 
sake of truth, to allay o.xc.itmncnt and un- soon follow as thc bitter fruits of your 
necessary apprehension, it possible, in endeav- 
orintr to show that his political sentiments arc 
not as radical and dangerous as represen ted . 
has publicly declared in his speeches, long before 
the thought ever flashed through his mind of be- 
coming one day President of the United States: 
I. 'I'hat he is opposed to all illlerference with 
slavery in the States. 2. That hc is opposed to 
the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum- 
bia, unlcsj a majority of the people therein dc- 
sire it abolished; 
and in the case of t.hose who 
do not desire it, cornpcnxation should be inade 
r l'hat he 
to them for the. loss of their sEavcs. 
would consent to the admission of nioro slave 
4. 'I'hat he is in favor of 
States into the Union. 
a fugitive slave law; but would l')ave obiec- 
tionablc features removed from the present one 
" lessenin€r its efficiency. 
l.hout 
is opposed to allowin€r neffroes to vote, and even 
very outset; so that he will come into office with- 
out the power, even if so disposed, to strikc a 
single blow at the domestic institution of slavery, 
which the people of the South are determined to 
cherish and defend at all extremities. How com- 
plctclv, then, arc Ihasc Inen at tho South without 
the slighltest cause for all their unhallowed efforts 
t.o overturn a Governrnent under which they now 
live, and, in my opinion, can live, in the full 
enjoyment of all their constitutional rigl'l ts ? 
'What, then, is the true and patriotic course for 
Is it to rush madly out of 
the South to pursue? 
the Union, and then into a bloody civil war, with 
all its indescribable horrors? Is that the kind 
of rcrncdy for cvi]s which they do not really 
suffer, but only iiuagine may happen? Is it not 
wiser and safer and happier to remain -in the 
Union and bear with anticipated evils, than rush 
headlong into those which will most surely prove 
to be both real and dreadful? MT ithin the Union 
is the place to demand and maintain your just 
In it you are safe, prosperous, and free. 
, and what security wilt you have, 
Go out of it 
even for your slave property, which now occa- 
sions all your anxieties and iöars? Fc;r this vou 
will have, no protection. Establish a southern 
confederacy to-rnorrow; and with a northern 
republic alongside ott you without slavery, and 
which would not tolerate its existence within its 
borders, you will then sec how long you will be 
able to hold your slaves in bondagé. 
1 shudder 
to think of the, bloody insurrections and horrid 
devastated fields which would 
massacres and 
madness 
and f'ollv. Listen, 
then, excited, rash, and dan- 
o•erons Incn, to the voice of reason and of' patri- 
otisnn, beföre you rush into the vortex of your 
own political destruction. 
Federal Constitution is the supreme law 
(')f the lal')d•, and in confbrmitv with it, Mr. Lin- 
has c}wted our next President. His 
sitnple election cannot be a ground for a dissolu- 
and 6. r l'hat 
qualif'viug thezn to hold otiiee , 
to 
so long as the two raccs are in the satne u- . 
favor of havin'r the su perior posi- 
IN o w, sir, if 
{ion assigned to the white 
h onest sen time D ts, he is 
these are his truc arid 
not an Abolitionist, at loast. in its true significa- 
{ion—one who would abolish slavery and set t,he 
lion of this Government, when the election is 
strictly in confonnit,y •with the laws of the land. 
If the I?ederal Constittltion is to be respected and 
obeyed at ail, it is the duty of all, both South 
North, to submit to the clear expression of 
t ho popular will through the ballot-box. It is 
his political sentilnent.s aro obnoxious to the 
"reat n•ntss of southern rnen, aud so they are to 
'r reat numbers ill the northern States. Rut re- 
ber, Mr. Lincoln is only elected President for 
n lin)it.ed and short period time, which will 
soon pass away with all the exciternent and dan- 
which his election seems to have occasioned. 
wise and great, men who R)ade the Federal 
Cornstitution lirnitcd the tern-I of office of Presi- 
that, (lepen•d upon it, men of the South, you will 
not be the only ones in the country who would 
resist his unhallowed efforts, and uphold the Con- 
stitution, the faithful observance of which, in all 
its provisions and guaran tecs , constitutes our only 
safety, happiness; and liberty as a people. 
, as much the interest of the people of the North to 
respect and obey that sacred instrument as of the 
people of tl)C South. They cannot tell when, 
perhaps, it miffht be pecvcrted to their own injury; 
and hence. it, is the true. interest. of us a]l,• both 
North and South, East and West, to nytintain 
Inviolate the Federal Constitution in all its parts. 
It may be said, " Arc you not aware, sir, that 
in the North the Federal Constitution is already 
violated in the passage of acts by northern Legis- 
laturcs obstructing and nullifying the fugitive slave 
law ? " Yes, sir, J urn aware of all this, and not 
only regret, but strongly condemn it. But mio•ht 
I not retort, if so disposed, by asserting that the 
laws of the country prohibiting the African slave 
trade are. openly violat.ed at the South, and that 
hundreds of poor Africans, torn from their native 
homes, and all that was dear to then') there, åt•e 
now in bondage on southern plantations? Bat I 
have no desire to dwell upon this constant infrac- 
tion of the humanc laws of the land. 
"i'he viola- 
tion of law at the South is no justification of its 
viola lion on the part of any of the northern States 
or pcov)le•, and whcncvcr it is done, it behooves 
all men, both North and South, who desire to live 
under a Govern nunt of law, to denounc,n and 
prohibit it. 
'I"here can be no question that Congress has full 
power to enact a fugit.ivc slave law, in order to 
Give practical effect to a very plain provision of 
the Federal Cor)stitution. Whether the prcsent 
law is what it should be in all respects, is a dis- 
puled question. 
It is objectionable to verv n-lttny 
on the ground of its not providing for a trial by 
jury in the case of a master dcmandinff the return 
of his fugitive slave. But whether right or wrono•, 
a good law or a bad one, it is the law of land, 
and ought to be obeyed. And no State has a right 
to nullify its provisions and obstruct their faithful 
execution. And wherever this has been done in 
II any ofthc northern Slates, it cannot be too strongly 
condemned; and the people of the North ought 
not to suffer .their prejudices to lead them to enact 
laws which are direc.lly in the face of t.l-le Federal 
Constitution. 
It is nol only in violation of that 
(lent to the short period of four years, with the, Constitution, but of the plighted faith between the 
exp•rcss view that the people llkigrbt soon remedy I ; North and t 110. South. And besides, if the law of 
n n y they ba(l Inade in the choicc of a the land can be vwlntcd ill Oilc instance, it call be 
whole negro race at liberty. He is, judging i)inl Cfiiet• Magistrate by the election of another, who done m another. A rid then, who does not know 
It' Mr. that men wtll soon camc to regard a law as ctj-i'l- 
by these sentiments, a conservative inan, from Niig•lit y»rovc noore. acceptable to thenl. 
Liric.o\n, then, should manifest a want of devo- i i stitütional not, very much as they are 
whorn the South has nothing to 
But. it may be asked, has hc not also ad vanccd 
ti0)'i to the Federal Constitution, and to the just by their focal interests and prejudices? 
Ei'here is 
but one safe rule for a law-abiding people to fb!- 
rights of all sections of the land, 
the remedy 
other sentiments conflicting with these conserva- 
tive views? Has he not given utterance to the doc- is proscribed in the Constitution 
itself; a nd the 
low; aud that is, cntire submission to the laws of 
people will soon be able to apply it. Besides, 
the land un.til they arc modified or repealed. It can- 
trine of what is called the irrepressible conflict, " 
which has scntsucii terror and dismay to so numny there is thc power of impeachment to hold him 
not, and never will, bc the casc, that all the. people 
in check, and to the of his constitu- 
will approve of every law of Congress. And hence, 
southern hearts ? Has he, not dcclared that a housc 
And with a House of Representa- i 
if they are perm ittod to set up their individual opin- 
divided against itself cannot stand; and I-hat this t.ional duties. 
country rnust. become ail one thing or the other—all i 
lives, against, l)inl to find a bill of impeachment, 
ions, and oftentimes nothing but mere prejudices, 
slave or ali free? Well, admit all this the sake and a Democratic Senate to try him, there would 
as the rule of their action , it wou ld not be long before 
of the arg•tunent, and that he is a full believer in be a pretty fair chance of his conviction and dis- 
i there would be no taw, but anarchy, bloodshed, 
I say, then, let Mr. Lin- 
the conflict bct.wc.en the two svstems of slave and placement from office. 
and the downfall of our Republic. And while I 
free labor: but what that? After all, these, are coin enter upon the duties or his high office; and 
\ condemn all violation of law and efforts at the 
but 'nere individual opinions; and if never car- 
Ict hin) be judged only by his administrative acts, 
South to carry on and rnopen the African slave 
lied out into law, what injury can they do He has done nothing yet to interfere with the 
trade, I no less strontrly condetnn every act and 
if he is, as some contend, 
the Sout.h r 
r I'hc real question to be asked and rights of' the South. 
movement of' rncn and States at the North to nul- 
answered is, what can Mr. Lincolrj do on entering a f't_lll believer in the irrepressible-conflict doc 
- lify and set at nana-ht. onc of the most necessary 
high and responsible duties as Presi- 
trine, he nulY yet perhaps change his views on 
laws of the land for the preservation of the peace 
u p on 
dent to deny to the South her just constitutinnal 
this srfiject, or at 'least deem it most prudent not and perpetuity of the Union. 
li'l reply to Illat m.tcstion, sir, there can to ad or attempt to carry them into cflect 
However much , sir, some of the northern States 
be but one answer; and that. is, nothing whatever. 
white President of the United States. There may have gone astray in enwiscly passino 
laws which 
As this is a Government of' law, and acts by law. be a very wide difference in the sentiments and obstruct and nullify the due execution of tho fugi- 
