396 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 15, 
Sir, if Washington, and Madison, and Ham- 
• ilton, and those other great patriots and states- 
men of that day, -could exercise a spirit of •mutual 
deference and concession to obtain that great end 
-—the consolidation of the may not 
we also manifest a like spirit {Or the preservation 
of thal Union? If our fathers, and such fathers, 
could do it, we need not hesitate long to imitate 
their noble examplc of patriotism and love of 
country. What they did was for us, their de- 
scendants, that we might enjoy the priceless 
blessings of, a free and united Government; and 
let us so act as to hand down these blessings to 
our children. 
The greotest glory of a free-born people, 
Is to transmit that freedom to their children. 
But, sir, what is the rcmcdy proposed for the 
•anticipatcd wrongs of the South? It IS secession— 
peaceable secession, as it is called—but in fact, rc- 
bcllion. 'Now this idca of a Stat.c going out of the 
Union just when shc plcascs, and upon whatev_cr 
cause she pleases, and without any causc at all, is 
so contrary to all just 'notions of the character of 
our iörrn of government, that it cannot. and must 
not be tolerated. Why, sir, acknowledoe the right 
of each State to do this, and whcrc is our boast.cd 
Union. It is nothing l.)uta rope of sand, of no 
strength whatever to hold the States together, and 
which may be broken at any moment at the mero 
caprice, prejudice, and folly of the. people. All 
that a State would then have to do, on the passage 
of any law of Congress distasteful to her, or the 
election ofa President of •w;hom she disapproves, 
or upon a whim, would be to proclaim hcr- 
self out of the Union, and throw herself back upon 
hcr offended dignity, and what shc calls her re- 
served and sovereirrn rights. This whole theory 
of peaceable seces•si0)') is utterly fallacious, and 
was ncver• dreamed of by the men w ho the 
Federal Constitt_ltion and established our fin•nri of 
If it had been thc intention of the 
govern rnpnt. 
framers of that Constit.ution to give to any State 
this right. of secession, 
a provision to that cflöct 
would doubtless hive been inserted in 
it. 
no; t hc uut,hors of that. sacred ill,strumenl we re en- 
deavoring to form a Union not to bc broken, but 
one that would bo permanent, enduring for ages, 
and forever. Why, sir, the very first Ivords of lho 
prcarnblc to the Constituti01') which greet our 
vision go to show that its establishment, was for 
the purpose, of forminm "a more perfect Union. " 
Yes " a more, perfect IJnion." rl'hese are the 
very words of the Constitution itself. And yct 
we are to be told that, under that instrument, the 
work of great patriots und statesmen, ttud madc 
chiefly to bind the States in onc strong and cn- 
during bond, any ono State, or tnore, may peaco- 
ably, with or without cause, withdrn.w the 
and destroy the national Government. 
such doctrine is true, 
then the Federal (.)on- 
gtitution is a failure , and is fail- 
who thmn have 
t terly failed in what, they most, 
cert ainly in te n d cd , 
nnd so declared, 
" a more 
Union. 
r.i'his idea of secession, however, is nothing new 
in the history of the cotilllry. It was started years 
ago, by one of the Icading and unost gifted ot• 
the South—John C. Calhourl, of South C,arolina. 
And ever since his day lherc has been lurkil')R 
about in th&t. State thc dark and treasonable de- 
Bign of disunion. South Carolina bas been restless 
for years, and nothing, it seems, will satisfy her 
but to go out of the Union, and drag (lown the 
national Government, in the language of onc of' 
her talented. but impulsive sons, 
from turret to 
foundation stone." And yet this day South Car- 
oiina is suffering from no oppression, or any ac- 
tual wrong at the llands of the Federal Govern- 
The domestic institution of slavery is safe 
men t. 
within her borders; and she has no iast cause to 
cotn plain of thc non-execution of the i'ugitive slave 
law, as none of hcr slaves, or very few, at least, 
r l'his idca of secession 
ever ruti a wav or escape. 
is claimed on the ground that the Federal Consti- 
tution is a compact between* sovereign States, and 
that, each State being sovereicrn,aa withdrasval 
frorn the (Jnion is but an exercise of their sovcr- 
ei«ntv. But, sir, I deny that the Constitution was 
an act of the States, or State Legisla tu res, or cma- 
inorder, " &c., " do ordain and establish this Con- 
stitution for the United States of America. " 
It 
was the work of the people themselves, and a com- 
pact and agreement between them, und not the 
States. And hcncc the people alone have a right 
to modify and change the Constitution and their 
form of government. 
It is not true in fact, however, as contended, 
that the States are wholly sovereign and independ- 
In becoming parts of one great national 
Government, they parted with certain attributes 
of sovereignty to that Government, for the com- 
mon good of all the States. No State has a right 
to make treaties, dcclare war, levy taxes, All 
these acts of sovereign power can alone be exer- 
cised by thc General Government. And besides, 
the citizens of each Stato owo allegiance to the 
Federal Government, and are bound to obey the 
Federal Constitution, and all laws passed by Con- 
gress in conformity with it. 
In fact, if any State 
should make a law contrary to that Constitution, 
her citizens owe obedience to that instrumcot 
first, as the supreme law, in preference to the 
of their own State, which they may utterly 
disregard. It is idle, then, to maintain for a State 
complctc sovereign power, as if tbc States wore 
rnasters of thc Federal Government, and could 
destroy it nt pleasure. Said the great MT ebster, 
on a great and memorable occasion, in the other 
branch of Congress: 
This Governmcnt, sir, is the independent offspring of 
the populal' will. Nay, rnore, if thc whole truth must be 
told, the people brought it into existence, established it, and 
have hithert.o supported it, for this very purpose, :unon" 
others, of imposing certain salutary restraints on State sov- 
ctoignties, 
'l'hc States cannot Inakc war ; they cannot con- 
tract alliances ; they cannot xnake cach för itself separate. 
regulations ot• comrneree ; they cannot lay imposts ; they 
cannot coin money." 
The right of revolution is altogether another 
and diflöéent thing from the right ofa pcaccal)le 
secession, which is claimed as entirely consistent 
with the Federal •and our iörm Öf 
national Government. 
If those. southerli States 
which (lcsirc 
to go out ot' the Union: , and break 
up the Government, base their action on the 
inherent right, of revolution in the pcople to 
chanoe and overthrow the Government under 
which they live, in case of intolerable wron«r 
and oppression, no one can dispute this right. 
Bat they do not claim this revolutionary right; 
nor is there any such intolerable wroncr and op- 
'I'l)is• right of a State or people thereof 
pression. 
absolve themselves froin all allcgiance to the 
Federal Government, without the consent of the 
rest cannot bc admitted. It was long ago dis- 
puted and uttcrly exploded in a most rnasterly 
argument, the nullification proclamation of An- 
drew Jackson, who was called, as President, to 
exert his great talents, patriotism, and firmness, 
in then crushing thc hydra-headed monster dis- 
In his bold and determined language: 
right of the people of a single State to absolve 
f.h(nnselves at will, and without 'he consent of the otbcr 
Statos, fron) their Inost soltnnn obligations, and hazard tho 
liberties and bappiness of the Inillions cotnprising this 
Union, eaunot be acknowledged. Such authority is be- 
licved to be u tterly rcpuonant both to the principles upon 
which the General Govennncnt is constituted, and to the. 
objects W'hich it is expressly to attain." 
But, sir, in case a State docs secede, and declare 
herself out of the Union, as has already been 
done, what then? Is she to be coerced btü.'k into 
the Union, or permitted to depart in peace, and set 
up for herself as an independent and soverciffi) 
Power? If by coercion is meant. declaration of 
war against her, then I not for that; but it' it 
fåithf'ul execution of thc laws of the 
rneans the 
Federal Government, then I for their execu- 
But it may be asked, bow are you goincy 
to execute your laws in a seceding State where 
the people have abolished all the Federal courts, 
and (lispenscd will) all Federal judges and offcers 
to carry out the laws? There, for instance, is 
I-low are you to execute the 
South Carolina. 
laws of the Federal Government in that Stale, 
where there are, no United States courts, and no 
United States district attorneys or marshals? In 
her case, I would reply as follows: if she does 
not (losii•e within her borders such courts or such 
oflicers for the administration of justice, be it so. 
The inconveniences of such a course only fall 
it was the act of the peo-. upon her own people. 
nated frorn thC1n at all. 
If she does not desire, 
ple, and of the people, and they alone estab- either, the benefits of the United States mail, be it 
In the language of the preamble of the. so; and let her people be at the expense and 
lished it. 
Constitution, people ofthe United Slates, II trouble of making their own postal arrangements. 
And if she also desires to bc without United States 
Senators and Representatives on this floor, be it 
so. The Federal Government will still move on, 
notwithstanding their absence. 
But there are certain laws which the Govern- 
ment must carry out, and these appertain to the 
collection of the revenue. The collection of the. 
revenue of this Government cannot be interfered 
with by the people of South Carolina without 
resistance. That revenue can be collected at 
the harbor of Charleston, under the flbg of the 
United States floating at the- mast-head of our 
ships-of-war, and from the parapet of that im- 
pregnablc fortress, Sumter, now in charge of thet 
brave and gallant soldier, Anderso_n, whose mili- 
tary genius and devotion to the rights and honor 
of his country have covered his name with im- 
perishable glory. And, sir, I am happy to have 
It in my power to commend the President for re- 
sisting the strong appeals made to him to with- 
draw that bold and faithful officer from the only 
safe and sure position where the rights and prop- 
m•ty of thc Government can be effectually pro- 
tected. Let the President only retnain firm, now 
that hc has assumed n bold and patriotic position 
on the side of the Constitution and Union. 
unfortunnte that he had not done so at nn earlier 
day, and placed all the forts at Charleston and 
along the southern coast in such a complete state 
of defense as would have dissipated all k idea of 
their capture. 
If he had only taken this pre- 
cautionary step, in my opinion, 
the onward 
march of disunion would have been arrested, and 
the passions of southern men "i ven way to sober 
reflection and to a real sense of their mad and 
dangerous undertaking. But even at this late 
hour, I hail with grateful emotions his patriotic 
determination to execute the laws and maintain 
the rights and dignity of the Federal Govern- 
ment. And in this determination he will be fully 
and cordially sustained by the American people 
everywhere who love their country, and intend 
to uphold and defend a Government which, if 
once destroyed, can never, never be replaced. 
I am, sir, for peace; and will sustain any fair 
and honorable measure to preserve it, as I have 
already intimated, between the North and South. 
[n this perilous crisis, it is rny intention to rise 
above merc party, and act for my country, my 
whole country, and nothing but my country. No 
man is more opposed to a war than I am—a 
war, too, between brothers. 
.1 could enter with 
my whole heart, and with alacrity, into a con- 
test with any foreign Power which invaded our 
rights, and insulted our flag. But to go into 
u deadly contest with those of my own land is 
enough to sicken and chili tho heart, and renders 
the very thought of war indescribably I'lorrible. 
And yct the laws of the land must be sustained 
and enforced. The President has sworn to sup- 
port the Constitution of the United States, and so 
have, we. 
'l'he people of this country expect us 
to do it with stuct fidelity, at all and every haz- 
ard. T hc faithful observance of tl'ke Constitution 
and execution of the is no war. It is no just 
causo for a war, although a war might result from 
it. 
But if it should arise from any such cause, 
who will bring it upon us? Those States and peo- 
ple which violate, all plighted faith in coming ifito 
the Union, and now go out of it, setting the Con- 
stitution and laws ad open defiance, and boldly 
seizing upon the property of the Federal Govern- 
mcnt. 
Tbc faithful execution of the laws is not only 
necessary for thc protecti0Y1 of the righ ts and prop- 
crty of tbc Government; but for the very exist- 
ence of the Government itself. And if there is not 
suflicicnt, power in this Government to enforce its 
own laws, protect its own property, and resist 
open rebellion to its lawful authority, it is high 
timc the American people should know ar.d un- 
derstand the weakness of their Government. 
this is the case, such a Government is not worth 
living under or preserving; and I am for another, 
of morc strenglh, and which has the power to ex- 
ccutc its laws, protect its property, and preserve 
its own dignity and character. But, in my opiiF 
ion, our Government is good enough, and stronm 
enough. All that is requisite, is, that the men who 
are placed at its head should be faithful to their 
high trust, and be vigilant sentii')els on the watch- 
tower of Americarl libert.y. " The price of liberty 
is eternal viffilance." Our liberty was won bv 
the blood and treasure of patriots and heroes, ana 
