1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
957 
it can only be preserved by constant and unceas- 
ing care, and by a resolute determination to resist 
every effort to undermine and overthrow' it. 
The men, sir, who would dare to dissolve the 
Union, and overthrow the freest and best Gov- 
ernment on earth, would be guilty of a great po- 
litical crime. I can conceive of nothing more hor- 
rible than to be theauthors of such an act. Itwould 
not only entail upon us all the horrors of civil war, 
and be the downfall of all popular government, 
but would crush out forever all the noble efforts 
of patriots throughout the world to give. political 
freedom to the oppressed and downu•odden by 
hi&h-handed t.yt•anny. Oh, what a sad spect.acle 
it would be for patriots and lovers of freedom 
to behold! The tyrants aud despots of the Old 
World would rejoice, and sing peans to the down- 
fall of liberty here; while the toiling bondmen of 
European despotisms would weep, as all hope of 
political ransom dies out forever in their breasts. 
It is our example of Republican liberty that has 
fired many a patriot heart, and nerved many a 
bold arm to strike the blow in freedom's cause. 
And without citing other marked instances, had 
it not been for our example, who supposes that 
we would have witnessed the heroic achievements 
of one of the, greatest generals of this age—Gari- 
baldi—to relieve his countrymen from cruel op- 
pression, and Clothe them with the rights and 
blessings of freedom? Cease, then, ye men of the 
-W South, all these unholy efforts to dissolve- the 
Union. Let your excited passions subside, and 
come once mbre to regard the people of the North 
as not all Abolitionists, who would destroy your 
cherished institutions. 
It is true, there are Abo- 
lition ists at the North ; but very fbw in number, and 
utterly powerless to do you any serious inäury. 
and statesman afford the best evidence of his 
strong love of the Union: The Federal Union: 
it must be preserved." And in that other lan- 
crua o•e, embodying the same creat pat.riotie th ough t 
of a-nothcr great man, Daniel Webster, whose 
love for and devotion to the Union were equally 
strong, " Liberty and Union, now and forever, 
one and inseparable. " 
[At this point the committee rose informally; 
and the Speaker havinff resumed the chair, a 
message was received from the President, by A. 
J. GLOSSDRENNER, his Private Secretary, inform- 
ing the House that he had approved and signed 
an act for the relief of Richard C. Martin, and an 
act for the relief of the assWnee of Hon. David 
C. Broderick, deceased. 
A message was also received from the Senate, 
by Mr. PATTEN, one of its clerks, notifying the 
House that the President of the United States had 
approved and signed an act for the relief of Jere- 
miah Pendergast, of the District of Columbia. 
Also, that the Senate had. passed a resolution 
of •the House authorizing thc Secretary o? the 
Treasury to change the name of the steamer 
Spring Hill to that of the United States. 
Also, that the Senate had passed a resolution 
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to per- 
mit the owners of the steamboat John C. Frémont 
to change the name of the same to that of Horizon ; 
and an act to change the name of the schooner 
i Augusta to Colonel Cook; in which he was di- 
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.] 
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri. Mr. Chair- 
man, I propose to submit to the consideration of 
this House some remarks upon the subject of out' 
national diffcultiés. I shall aim to do so with that 
calrnness, frankness, and deliberation which the 
There are but few Wendell Phillipses, Gerrit importance of the occasion demands; avoiding the 
Smiths, and William Lloyd Garrisons among us. 
utterance of anything calculated or designed to 
Do not regard theirrant, wild declamation,and ve- irritate the feelings of any party in this House, or 
add to the terrible excitement that now prevails 
throughout the whole extent of Ibis nation. 
It 
] may be truly said, that we are in the midst of a 
hement invective, as the true expression of north- 
ern sentiment. My honest judgnlent is, that the 
great rnass of northern men havc no disposition to 
deny to you any of your just constitutional rights. 
Soon the period will be here when you will see what 
the Republican party will do, which you so Inuch 
dread, and which you would make the occasion 
of the destruction of tbc Government. Had you 
not better remain awhile before going out of the 
Union? and perhaps, after ail, Mr. Lincoln may 
dissipate all your frats, and give you no occasion 
for taking the fatal step which some of you con- 
template. 
In conclusion, sir, it should be tho earnest and 
patriotic effort of all men, both North and South, 
to restore, if possible, that cordial and fraternal 
feeling which once existed between them. Ali 
ghould endeavor to live up to, and faithfully carry 
out, all the provisions and guarantees of the Fed- 
crreat revolution that is hurryino• us on with fear- 
ful rapidity to the disruption of all the ties that 
bind this Confederacy together. The fact cannot 
be- disguised that we are now standing upon the 
crumbling brink of political ruin; that this once 
happy and glorious Union of States is now virtu- 
ally scvercd; 
that the ensign of our country 's 
and glory has ceased to float from the 
i flagsla[-l' of four sovereign States. But the ot.hcr 
day our confederates—South Carolina, Florida,• 
Mississippi, and Alabama—did, by solemn ordi- 
to the world that they are ab- 
solved from. all allegiancc to the General Govern- 
i ment. 
'I'hat other southern States will follow. in 
rapid succession, unless some just and peaceful 
remedy is speedily devised, 
is undeniably true. 
II nuu.st be subrnilted to 
which conflicts with it. 
and observed in all its parts, or else there is an 
end of our Federal Government. It is only by 
submission to law that peace, good order, and 
In the despotisin 
Government itself, can exist. 
of the Old World, the sword and the bayonet gov- 
ern and hold the people in check; but here it is 
their own free will, embodied in the laws of •the 
country which they themselves have made. And 
may that will ever be on the side of the Federal 
Constitution and the laws of the land, and be ever 
ready to act for the good o? the whole country! 
But above all, may the will of the people ever bc 
on the side of the Union, as our fathers made it! 
In days that are past, this Union has been vio- 
lently assailed and threatened with destruction; 
but in every instance with utter failure and dis- 
comfiture to those who did it. In every time of 
its danger, there have been good and patriotic 
men, both north and south, east and west, to 
rally to its defense, as the source of all our maui- 
fold blessiucrs as a nation. 'I' hus far our noble 
r l'hat Constitution is the su- 
How Inany stars arc to be blotted out from the 
cral Constitution. 
overriding all other law flag of our Ur)ion time will speedily disclose. 
preme law of the land, 
The public mind at the South has been preparing 
for years for the existing state of thin«rs. With 
Long have 
many of us it produces no surprise. 
we witnessed the gradual developmeht of the 
causes that would inevitably produce the results 
that are now upon us. Many of the statesmen 
and patriots of the land have, again and again, 
warned our countrymen of the " mining and sap- 
ping process" that was goinff on, which, if per- 
severed in, must eventually destrov the noble edi- 
fice constructed our fathers. gut the voice of 
wisdom and patriotism has been unheeded; pas- 
sion, prejudice, and fanaticism, have finaity ob- 
tained the supremacy over iustice and reason; and 
unless the sober second thou«ht" of the people 
of the northern States, or their Representatives 
here, shall induce them to discard their preju- 
dices, and speedily award to the people of ihc 
sou thern States their just and constitu tional righ ts, 
alk is lost. 
I .can assure you, Mr. Chairman, that there is 
an irreversible determination on the part of the 
ship of State has outlived cvery violent tempcst people of t hc slaveholding States to have this sla- 
and dangerous shock; and pray God she may 
yet outride the present boisterous gale. Let us 
not only pray for it, but work for it. There can 
be, and ought to be, but one ardent wish and 
strong determined will, in every patriotic heart, 
to preserve a Union which has cost so much; 
around wh ich cluster so many precious memories; 
and which is the true source of all our nation 's 
prosperity and glory. In the language of An- 
drew Jackson, whose life and services as a soldier 
5 i very a«itation quieted, this. slavery controversy 
definitively settled. We have submitted for years 
I to the assaults, injustice, inequality, oppression, 
and misrepresentations of our northern neighbors. 
Unless these things ceose, we are constrained, by 
our our love of peace, and the secu- 
pity of our property, to absolve ourselves from 
all connection witli them. 
This Government was formed by our fathers, 
to establish justice, msure domestic tranquillity, 
provide for the common thegefi* 
eral Welfare, and secure the blessiå$-ö'f:liberty: 
to ourselvesand Our po'sterity," somé0fthe-ßé 
great objects, so far •as the slaveholdiriö• States 
are concerned, it has utterly failed. O(.ii•• Slaver 
property is' becoming less secure abd less 
every day. The guarantees of the Constitution, 
afford us- but little or no protection. hirnany. Of 
the slave States we are sustaining heavy. losses 
every month, with no means of redress, Those 
losses, with the -present feeling and sentiment: 
abroad in the land, muSt still igcrease. Many of 
our slaves are now impressed with-the idea -tha&, 
after the inauguration of Mr. Lincoln, they are 
to be free. This impression •makes-them -restle'ss• 
and discontented; renders our homes, our wives, 
and our children unsafe. Surely no rational man 
expects us to live with s'uch a state of -things in 
our midst. We cannot; we will not. Our devo- 
tion- to the Union; our veneration for the achieve- 
ments of our ancestors,- our recollection *Of' •their 
heroic deeds, their perils and suffpriligs, Caritiöt' 
induce us to subrmt to the wrongs ahdGDjuries 
thatare now being inflicted upon us in the' name: 
of the Constitution and the Union. - We -have 
borne them for years, still cherishing the patriotic 
hope, hitherto delusive, that a returning sense of 
justice would induce the North to recede from the 
irrepressible conflict." We have again and 
again asked to be let alone in the enjoyment of our 
rights and our property; again and again warned 
our fellow-citizens of the disastrous consequences 
that must surely ensue, if they persisted in refus- 
ing to us that peace and security which the Gov- 
ernment was pledged to afford us. These warn- 
ings on our part they have regarded as idle threats, 
and consequently our demands have not onlybeen 
unheeded, but they have recklessly and impe• 
riously pushed on In the accomplishment of their 
unjust and unconstitutional purposes, thereby 
furnishing us with conclusive evidence of -therF 
unfaltering determination to destroy the institu- 
lion of slavery. 
After the presidential election is over, we hear 
a distinguished United States' Senator exclaim, 
" to-night, thanks be to God, we stand With the 
I say to the* men 
slave power beneath our feet. 
of the South, who have been threatening the dis- 
solution of the Union, who are calkingconventions, 
who are mounting • blue cockades, go on if you 
In the face of this imperious threat, they 
dare. ' 
have dared to assei•t their sovereignty and inde- 
penden&., and demonstrate that the slave power 
IS not beneath your feet; and they Will dare to 
maintain it, be the price ever so costly and bloody. 
This Senator, no doubt, honestly and frankly 
uttered the sentiments and expressed the feelings 
of the great body of the Republican party. What 
then have we of the Soulh to hope for from a 
party ascending to power, who, in tones of con- 
gratulation and triumph, defiantly exclaim, "We 
stand with the slave power beneath our feet, and 
'•.ve dare them to continuc their threats:of dissolu• 
tion. What if they do? The inferential ansWer 
is, ' 'We are in power, with the Army and 'Navy 
at our command, and they shall submit; w'e rule 
and they shall obey." The freeman of the South 
who, under such circumstances, would not assert 
I and maintain his just and constitutional rights, in 
. the Union if he Can, out of it if necessary, is a 
I fitter representative of a Russian serf than an 
American citizen. 
'I'hese expressions of feeling and sentiment, ex- 
hibited by the dominant party in all the non-slave- 
holding States, satisfy us that we are a doomed 
people in the Union, unless the northern mind 
should undergo a change; of which, I apprehend, 
there is scarcely a glimmering hope. 
The result of this constant and unceasing at- 
tack upon the institution of slavery has now cul- 
minated in the election of a man to the Chief 
Magistracy of the nation who bas not only been 
ceascless in his opposition to the institution, but 
who has deliberately declared that this nation 
cannot exist half free and half slave;" 
that ' 
must be one or the other—all slave or all free' 
elected as a sectional candidate, upon the main 
idea of his hostility to the institution of slavery, 
upon a platform declaring it to be a relic.of' bar- 
barisrn, with a distinct avowal that we- shall be 
denied all participation in the Territoriés of the 
United States; that it must be •placed 'f Where the 
public mind can rest in the* belief thit it is in the 
course of ultimate extinctiön;" that •it shall never 
