1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
309 
been willing at least to consult and advise with 
them, even if they feared a division of sentiment 
as to the line of policy that should at once be 
adopted. It seemed to me that the border States, 
owinff to their dangerous and exposed position, 
were entitled to some consideration at the hands 
of the Gulf States. They should remelnbcr that 
we occupy the position of a rampart between 
them and, the non-slaveholdinx States; that we 
stand at the very threshold of danger; that in the 
event of a civil war, our border cities arc to be 
sacked, our homes are to be burned, our fields to be 
desolated, our wives and children to seek security 
elsewhere, while the contending armies cnoa(yc 
in a conflict apoli our soil, mote terrible and last- 
ing than any over witnessed by the inhabitants of 
this continent. Our friends of tho extreme South 
should have remembered that the slave States 
borderino• on the frec Slates have been the great 
sufferers in this conflict. We have lost a thou- 
sand times as many negroes as tho cotton States, 
in consequence of the faithlessness of a portion 
of our northern neighbors. The very district that 
I represent—bordering on the State of Illinois, 
with her tens of thousands of true constitutional 
men-—has lost morc slaves through the instru- 
mentality of the underground railroad than any 
one of the Gulf States; yea, more, I suspect, than 
the whole of them combined • 
, and yct my con- 
stituents are unwilling to break up this great Con- 
federacy of States, to separate from our friends 
in Illinois and other States, w 110 have been 
ing our battles—who have endeared themselves 
to us by their noble efforts and self-sawificing 
struggles in defense of our constitutiona, rights— 
until further efforts are made to obtain from the 
non-slaveholdimy States justice, security, and the 
fall enforcement of the guarantees of the Consti- 
tution. 
Am I and my constituents, without further 
efforts .at reconciliation, to assume a hostile atti- 
tude toward such men as" MCCLERNAND, LOGAN, 
FOUKE, ROBINSON, and a host of others, who have 
beet] our friends and defenders, who have faith- 
fully and fearlessly discharged all the obligations 
devolved upon them by the Constitution and good 
neighborship? We may have it to do. I fear we 
shall be compelled to do it. But in the name of 
all the noble and generous impulses of the human 
heart, Ict it-be the last dreadful alternative; let all 
reasonable efforts first be exhausted to obtain out 
rights in thc Union. 
It is now too late, I apprehend; but, in In y 
judgment, the slaveholding States should, as the 
wisest and most judicious policy, have held a con- 
venli0D, published an explicit declaration of their 
constitutional rights, and if denied to them by the 
people of the non-slaveholding States, after allow- 
ino• a reasonable time for their action; or, inter- 
fered with by Mr. Lincoln or his adyninistration; 
have pledged 
ili either even t-, to 
our lives, our 
unitedly to 
fortunes, and our sacred honors, 
rcst.unc the powers that v,ve havc heretoföre dele- 
gated, and which are now being perverted by our 
faithkoss ao•ont.s•. Such a would, 
probability, have saved the U Ylion, and secured 
our rights, peace, and safety. W c should even 
now continue our cfforts yet a little longer, to 
tain such amendments to the Constitution as will I 
• forever silence agitation ou the subject of slavery. 
after the formation of the Federal Constitution, I 
giving to it protection in that instrument, and 
basing representation upon it. Could the spirit 
manitösted by them animate the' bosoms and 
pervade tbc minds of their descendants this storm 
would be speedily hushed; the portentous clouds 
that now overhang our political horizon would 
speedily disappear; and sunshine and prosperity, 
peace and quietude, would be again restored to 
this unhappy country. Who, in 
this land of 
-Washington, ever before beheld; since the days 
of tho Revolution, such anguish and distress ? 
The heart of every true patriot bleeds; sadness 
and gloom rest upon every countenance. But 
the other day we were the most happy and pros- 
perous people on earth—the envy of kings, and 
the admiration of the world; executing success- 
fully the great mission our fathers had assigned 
us; and establishing, as we supposed, beyond all 
commercial—as -to refuse a-measure -that'•will net 
only prevent anarchy and bloodshed, but 
carry joy and gladness to every our -dis- 
tractcd country; ? Refuse it; heed not •the g.diqc of 
wisdom and patriotism, and terrible willCbe; the 
responsibility that will rest-upon you. 
this day upcal directly to the great masses 
northern 'people, the response- would heard: 
' Ict it be done Reason and 
declare that the people of the free- Slates should 
have nothing to do with the subject of -slavery. 
It does not concern them; it is no business* of 
It is property secured to us by the Con- 
stitution, which they do not choose to hold. - It 
is ours; and we alone should possess the right of 
mana«rincr, (yoverning, and controlling its as to us 
may seem wisest and best. Sir, the time has 
arrived, in the judgment of the southern people, 
when the slavery question must be settled or this 
controversy, the capability of man for self-gov- I Union anust be dissolved. The fiat has gone forth 
ernment. But, alas! what a mournful and *hu- 
from the entire South; and you may rest assured 
miliating spectacle do we this day prcscnt to tho that there is now no escape- from it. The-crisis 
world! Our commerce destroyed; our factories 
stopped; our Treasury bankrupt; our credit dis.- 
honored; business of all kinds prostrated; finan- 
Cial ruin devastating our whole country. 
But is this all? Would to God it was! From 
it ',ve could recover. Bat., alas ! that national flag 
urnpbantly over land and sea, the very sight o? 
which has hitherto inspired the heart nerved 
tbc arm of every American citizen ; 
that flag so, 
intimately and endearingly associated with the 
trophies of -i•Vashington, 
and tl•ye deeds of OLU' 
illustrious ancestry ; tbatflagaround which , when- 
ever oar country was assailed, the North and the 
South, as a band of brothers have rallied; that 
flag we arc told is to be the railying cry for. the 
North to assemblc in arms, to meet her southern 
brothers in deadly conflict upon the field of battle. 
Can it be? Is heaven and earth destined to wit- 
ness such a horrid and unnatural sight? Is this 
fair land of ours, a joint inheritance from our 
fathers, to be drenched in fra•tcrnal blood? Are 
we, thc most intelligent and civilized nation on 
earth, to settle our disputes about constitutional 
rights by tl'le arbitrarncnt of tbc sword? No; 
surely not. 
Heaven forbid! If we cannot live 
together upon terrn.s of amity and good will with 
each other, let us, in the I'iamc of humanity and 
Christianity, separate in peace, and bid each other 
success in the attainment of prosperi- 
t y, and renown. Civil the rueans by which 
this Union is to be preserved! What a terrible 
I is upon us. 
It must be met. Sir, if aetion' is 
postponed pntil Seven -or eight States seeedé, and 
establish another Confederacy, the inevitable- re- 
sult wikl be that the remaining States witl 
unite witli them or form a central Republic, leav- 
ing New England, the source of all our woes, •to 
that has heretoföre waved so gloriöusly and I i take care of herself as best may. -The border 
I States will bo forced, by the love of self-preserva- 
tion, thus to act. If not, we should be completely 
in the power and under the subjection of" our 
avowed enemies; with them we could 
would not—remain. 
Let none of us deceive ourselves with the flimsy 
hopc that. after this Confederacy is entirely disu 
membered , and its fragments partly reunited under 
one or more confederations, it can ever be recon- 
stru•cted as a whole. The diversity of our insti- 
tutions, feelings, sentiments, habits, education, 
and interest, are such we 'can never aoain &Tree 
upon articlesof association. The South will never 
consent to enter into another confederation with 
New England. We shall part-to meet no more. 
In view, then, of our unfortunate and embar- 
rassed condition, and the mighty responsibilities 
pressincr upon us, Ict us, in a spirit of liberality 
and wisdom, propose amcndtnents to the Consti- 
tution; and thereafter, if they shall be adopted, 
Ict us respect each others rights, cullivate friendly 
feelings and fraternal relations between the two 
sections of the Confederacy, and pledge anew our 
devotion to tho Union. 
If not approved by a ma- 
, jority of the people of the free States, let the slave 
most certain and II 'States bid a peaceful adieu to the Union formed 
delusion ! 
tncans that wicked men could possibly devise to 
destroy it. The cause of South Carolina is the 
cause of all the slaveholding States. Strike her, 
and you strike them. W heil you su bduo bcr bold 
. and patriotic sons, you will have subdued the cit- 
izen soldiery of fourteen other sovereign Stales, 
and not till then. 
It is folly; yea, it is •worse 
than madness, to entertain the idea fbr a moment 
that you can subjugate the people of one sovcr„ 
eig•n State, much more fifteen States with ten 
million freemen. No; it can never be done. 
Nothing is to be accompkished by war but eter- 
nal separation. The sheddine of blood will dc- 
stroy forever the last hope of a reunion. 
It wili 
only produce grief, anguish, and lamentations 
It may be possible that the Reiub}ican party, throughout the land, and engender eternal hatc 
sooner than break up this Union, and plunge the il between the two sections. No; let the seceding 
country into civil war, will concede to us our II States alone; treat them with kindness and con- 
rights. If they shall continue, hovvever, to refuse, li sideration•, amend t.ho Constitution, so as to pro- 
let ali the remaining slave States secede in a bad y. tect their rights, and guarantee peace, safety, an(l 
security to them and Cheir property, and they will 
'We. wilt then have done all that could be de- 
manded by the most expansive patriotism and return to us acrain. If, however, the Government 
goes entirely to picccs in this stm•m, let it go in 
Christian forbearance. we will be fully jus- 
tified, in the eyes of God and man, Heaven and peace, and we may then bc cnablcd to reconstruct 
it on a more enduring basis. Let us not blast it 
earth, in rending asunder every tie that binds us 
to the Union, and establishing torourselves a new ! by the " magnificent folly" of attemptin(' to co- 
confederation. Then we may confidently appeal erce a sovereign State to remain ill) the Union. 
to the God of justice to sustain us in the assertion 
I now appeal to the Represcntativcs of the non- 
slaveholding States to propose amendments to the 
and maintenance of onr rights. 
It is yet to be hoped—thouoh frankness de- Constitution t.hatwili secure to the South her just 
—that and equal rights; that will stop forever all agita- 
mands that should sav I do not believe It 
our northern neighbors will realize the fearful tion upon the subject of slavery ffive to the coun- 
responsibility that rests upon thorn, and without try quiet and répose. Surely the fearful and 
delay remove it. They, not we, have invoked this extraordinary circumstances that now surround 
controversy. They, not we, have orio•inated the us, big with thedestiny of thisgreat nation, should 
dreadful storm now bursting upon us, by assail- induce us to do it. 
Is there Rcprescntative in 
ino• an institution, not only recognized by our this I-lall so devoid of patriotism, so utterly insen- 
fathers.. but eslublished and encouraged by u•llov-l- i Sible to the mighty interests involvcd in this con- 
ine the importation of slaves for twenty years flict—social and fraternal, political, financial, and 
by our fathers, and construct onc adapted to the 
preservation of our rights, our peace, our sec-u- 
rit.y, and the agc in which we.live. 
Now, sir, I desire to say that I was surprised 
on yesterday to hear my eloquent and distin- 
guished friend from Illinois [Mr. MCCLE.RNAND] 
seriously attempting to establish the proposition 
that the southern States, in the event of-a sep- 
aration from this Government, had not the right 
to obstruct the free navigation of the Mississippi 
river; and that such an.act would bc resisted to 
the shedding of blood by the great Northi•vest. 
'While 1 admit that he dcmonstrated the correct- 
ness of his position beyond ali controversy, I 
must say that I apprehend there was no necéssity 
for anticipating such an event. I have never heard 
it seriously intimated that the southern States 
would attempt the perpetration of an act so un- 
just. and iniquitous. Surely no man can be found 
so bold and reckless, whose declarations are en- 
titled to serious consideration, as to deny that 
all the States of this Confederacy, whether in oe 
out of the Union, have not only an unquestioned 
interest in, but a right to the free and uninter- 
rupted of that mighty river, of which 
they cannot rightfully be deprived by any Gov- 
ernmcnton earth, and which they would be fully 
justified in maintainin« at the point of the bayo- 
net. I can assure t.he gentleman that, in the event 
of Missouri being compelled to unite with a south- 
ern confederation,she will raise not only her voice, 
but her arm aoainst such an unwarranted assump- 
Lion of power and, unjust assertiÖn of right. 
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desirc to say a few 
words upon the righ t of" coercion " and secession , 
and I arn done. It is contendedeby the leaderS of 
the Republican party, that it is thc'däty of the 
Federal Government to force to compek 
a sovereign State to remain ih the Union and sub- 
