400 
mit to Federal authority. It may be suggestive 
to inquire, whethe.r our fathers who instituted 
this Government, thought so. History tells us 
that they entertained the opinion—and so declared 
—that the bonds of this Union could only be pre- 
served by the cords of mutual harmony, concord, 
and fraternal affection among the people of the 
States and the members of the Confederacy. We 
learn from the proceedings of the convention that 
framed the Constitution Of the United States that 
on the 31st of May, 1787, -a clåuse authorizing 
an exertion of the force of the Xvhole against a 
delinquent State," came up for consideration, and 
that Mr. Madison, and others, in opposing its 
adoption, observed that— 
'The more he reflected on the use of force, the more he, 
doubted the practicability, the justice, and the efficacy of 
it, when applied to people collectively, and not individ- 
uaiiy. A union of the States containing such an ingredient, 
sce:ned to provide for its own destruction. 'l'he use of force 
against a State would look more like a dcclat•ation of war 
than an infliction of punishment, and would probably be 
considered by the party attacked as a dissolution of all pre- 
vicus conpacts by which it might be bound. Ile hoped that 
such a system would be framed as might render this re- 
source unnecessary, and moved that the clause be post- 
Papers, Debates in the Federal Conven- 
ti01b, vol. 5, p. MO. 
Mr. Mason, of Virginia, said: 
The most jarring elenrents of' nature, fire and water, 
thetnselves are not more incompatible than sneh a mix- 
ture of civil liberty and military execution. Will the militia 
march frorn one State into anothet in order to collect the 
arrears of taxes from the delinquent members of the Re 
public? Wili they maintain an army för this purpose? 
Will not the citizens ot•the invaded State assist one another, 
till they rise as one man, and shake the Union alto. 
gether? Rebellion is the only casc in which the rnikitary 
force Of the State éan be properly exerted against its citi- 
In one point ofview, Ire was struck with horror at 
zens. 
the prospect of recurring to this expedient. punish tbc 
non.paynent of taxes with death was a severity not yet 
yet this unexatnpled cruelty 
adopted by despotisin itself; 
would be Inercy cornpared to a military collection or rcv- 
cnue, in which the bayonet could nnake no discrimination 
between tbc innocent und the guilty. He took this oc- 
casion to repeat, that, notwithstanding his solicitude to 
establish national Governn:ent, he never would agree to 
abolish the Stare governlnents, or render theni absolutely 
insignificant. •vverc as necessary as the General Gov- 
he would be equally careful to preserve 
ernrhcut, and 
Papers—Debates in the Federal Conven- 
tion, vol. 5, p, 217. 
Mr. Ellsworth, upon the same subject, said: 
Ilence we see how necessary for the Union is a coer- 
cive principle. No Inan preten(is the contrary: we ali sec 
and feel this necessity. 'I'he only question is, shall it bc a 
coercion of law, nr a coercion of arms? 'I'herc is no other 
possible alternative. Where will those who oppose a co- 
erciou of law conne out? Where wili they end? A neces- 
sary consequence of' their principles is war of the States 
I arn ft)r coercion by law—that co- 
one against the other. 
erciori which acts only upon delinquent individuals. 'Phis 
Constitution does not attenupt to cocrcc sovereign bodies, 
States, ill their political capacity. No coercion is applica- 
ble to such bodics hut that of an arlned Cotce. If we should 
attcmpt to c.xccutc the laws of Lho Union by sending an 
artned force against a delinquent State, it would involve 
the good and bad. the innocent and guilty, in the sanje 
l)cbutcs, vol. 2, p. 
Alexander Hamilton said: 
It has been observed, to coerce the States is one of the 
Inaddest project..s thas 'vas ever devised. A failure of cotti- 
plianec will n ()vev bc eonlined to a single State. 
a civil war ? 
the case, ean suppose it wise to hazard 
Suppose Massachusetts, or any large St_nte, should refuse, 
and Con«ress should to cmnpel thenu •.•vould they 
not have influence to procure assistance especially 
those. Stat.cs which are in the sanie situation as thenlselves? 
What picture does this idea present to our view? Acorn- 
plyinghState at war with a non-complying State ; Congress 
marching the, troops of one State into the bosoni of another ; 
this State collecting auxiliaries, and forrniug, perhaps, a 
majority against its Federal head. 
II cre is a Ilation at swar 
with itself. Can any reasonable man be well disposed to- 
ward a Government which makes wat and carnage the 
only means or supporting itselt=a Govermnent that can 
exist only by the sword? Every such war must involve the 
innocent with the guilty. 'I'his single consideration should 
be sufficient to dispose every peaceable citizen against such 
Debates, vol. 2 
On motion of Mr. Madison, the clause was 
unanimously postponed, and never aøain pre- 
sented. Now, I wc;nld inquire, what is the rea- 
sonable inference fi•orn this action of the convcn- 
tion? Is it not that the Constitution imposed 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 15 
of the Government they were coÖstructing, and 
the character of the people for whom they were, 
acting. Could thc idea have been drawn from 
the Constitution, by the most remote inference, 
that when one of the States felt that they were 
oppressed and tyrannized over by the Federal Gov- 
ernment, and attempted to throw off the yoke, 
they were to be resisted by the Army and Navy 
of the United States, by the whole power of the 
Government, and forced to submission, not one 
of the original thirteen States would ever have 
ratified the Constitution. You know, sir, that 
they never would have deliberately forged the 
chains with which they might be manacled, and 
a«ain subjected to the yoke of tyranny. We all 
know that it never was the inten tlon of the framers 
of that instrument to provide the means of a mil- 
itury despotism, to hold one or more of the States 
as subjugated provinces. Sir, such a sentiment 
is incompatible with the genius and spirit of our 
It isa libel -upon the humanity and 
Government. 
philanthropy, the wisdom and intelligence, of the 
noble men who achieved our. independence and 
constructed our form of government. 
Will you tell mc, sir, that eighteen of the par- 
ties to the compact may violate every provision 
of it, trample upon évery right secured to the 
other fifteen, and that they have no means of re- 
dress but brute force? Let me tell you, sir, that 
it is the common law of this land and all civilized 
countries, that when one party to a contract vio- 
•lates it, the other party may, at his option, either 
have it enforced or annulled. 
Mr. Buchanan tells us very explicitly that a 
State cannot secede without violating the Consti- 
tution. While I approve of his message gener- 
ally, regarding it as a very able State paper, I am 
constrained to dissent from his views on the ques- 
tion of secession. What I have to say on this 
subject will be brief, not having timc within the 
hour allotted me to entct• upon an extended argu- 
I believe that it contravenes no provision 
men t.. 
of' the Constitution for one or more of the States 
not by virtue of uny 
to secede from the Union; 
power conft•rrcd upon them by that instrument, 
but in consequence of the States never havino• 
surrendered it to the General Govern rnent. The 
Constitution declares that " the powers not delo- 
gated to the United States by tho Constitution, 
nor prohibited by it, to the States, arc reserved 
I 
to the States respectively, or t_o the people." 
apprehend that it will be admitted that the States* 
may exercise any or albof their reserved powers 
vv'ithout a violation of the Constitution. 
It; then, 
they have never parted with their right. to resume 
then• original sovereignty, when, in their opinion, 
the Government becomes destructive of the ends 
for which it, was instituted, it is no violation of 
t.hc Constitution for thern to secede. 
If thcrc is 
tiny clause in the Constitution by which they de- 
prived themselves of this right, it has cscaped In y 
observa t.ion. 
The President, in the discussion of this ques- 
lion, for thc purposc of showing that a State has 
right to disrupt its connection with the Gen- 
erak Government, and that the Union must bc 
perpetual, enumerates various powers conferred 
by the States upon the General Government— 
part of the Union, and submit to its authority 
If our fathers had understood 
and jurisdiction. 
that each State, regardless of the extent to which 
it might be oppressed and tyrannized over by the 
other States, should submit and remain a part of 
the Union, would they not have provided some 
common arbiter between the parties to judge of 
each other's rights, and redress them. They did 
not. Then, of necessity, each must judge for 
itself, as well of the infraction as of the mode of 
redress. 
know it is insisted by some, that the Federal 
judiciary is the common arbiter between the par- 
11 was not so understood 
I ties to the cotnpact. 
by the framers of that instrument or their cotem- 
poraries. Mr. Jefferson said that the several 
States comprising the United States of America, 
are not united on the principle of unlimited sub- 
mission to the General Government; but that by 
the compact under the style and title of the Con- 
stitution of the United States, and of amendments 
theretÖ, they constituted a General Government 
iör special purposes; and delegated to that Gov- 
crnment certain definite powers, reserving each 
State to itself the residuary masy of right to their 
and that to this com- 
own self-Governmcnt•," 
pact each State acceded as a State, and is an in- 
tegral party, its co-States forming as to itself the 
other party; that the Government created by this 
compact was not made the exclusive or final fridge 
of the extent of the powers delegated to itself—since 
that would have made its discretion, and not the 
Constitution, the measure of its powers; but that, 
as in all other cases of compact amorig parties 
havincr no comrnon judge, each party has an equal 
right to judge for itself as well of Infractions as 
of the mode and measure of redress." 
Now, sir, I affirm it is evident from a fair 
construction of the languao•e used by Mr. Jeffer- 
son, that he held the same opmion now enter- 
tained by the great statesmen who insist that this 
is not a Government of force; that when any one 
of the sovereign States of' this Union feel that 
ri&hts are 
their equality is destroyed, that their 
subverted, they have a right, which they never 
to peaceably withdraw from this Con- 
alienated, 
federation of States, and resu their ori'-rinal 
independent sovereignty. And hence, hold that 
South Carolina, Mississippi, Alabama, and Flor- 
i(la are no longer parts of this Confidcracy; that 
the laws and Constitution of the United States 
have ceased, rightfully, to operate within their 
limits; that they should be recocynized by this 
Government as independent sovereiL*nties•, that 
the Federal troops should be withdrawn from 
within their jurisdictions; leaving the property of 
this Governrnent in the hands of agents until nc- 
gotiations in regard to it can be efTöcted between 
them and t.llis Government. By such a course of 
action you will preserve the peace of tho countrv, 
and leave thosg States in a frame of mind favor- 
able to a reunion, at a proper time and upon just 
terms. 
Whether secession or revolution be the remedy 
by which nn injured State is to redress her wrongs, 
I do not deem it important. at this time and under 
existin(' circuunslanc,es, further to inquire. Four 
sovereign States have not becn deterred; nor will 
il change the purpose of any other States that may 
such as the power to makc war and to make, peace ; 
deterrninc to disrupt the ties that bind them to this 
to raise and support armies and navié#•, to con- 
clade treaties with foreign Governments; to coin II Union—call it secession or revolution, peaceable 
money, and to regulate [he value thereof; and to or bloody—it will not delay their action one mo- 
They conscientiously believe that they 
regulate, commerce with foreign nations among ment. 
He also informs us that in order to are now striking for the security of their homes 
the States. 
carry the enumerated powers into cffect, Congress and their altars, for the saföty of their wives a_nd 
their children; and be the consequences never so 
has the exclusivc right to lay and collect taxes. 
terrible, they have coolly Eli')d dblibcratcly Inade 
I would inquire, how long? The rational answer 
would be, just as long as tbc Union lasts, and up tlléir minds to meet them with that determined 
! will and unyielding purpose t I'lat should ovcr char- 
from the States that continue in the Union. 
Now, how the inference arises, from the pos- actcrize rncn born, raised, and educated in the at- 
mosphere of liberty and frccdom—mell who know 
session of these powers, that the Government 
how to appreciate their rights and how to defend 
was designed, under all circunlgtances, to be por- 
them. The terrors of civil war, now threatened 
I petual, I am at a loss to conceive. Could not the 
by their enemies, with all its hideous and dread- 
nohe other than a voluntary obligation on the part States have conferred these powers for one hun- 
of a State to rcmain a member of the Federal diled years or one hundred thousand years? But ful results, will not affright them from the pro- 
How unwise to talk about a legal obli- II 
they specified no time when they were to cease; tection and preservation of their rights, and thc 
Union? 
gation upon one party to a compact, when the 
other has no means of enforcing it! our 
fathers have been guilty of such consummate folly , 
in providing articles of association betWeen sov- 
ereign States, whereby, under all circumstances, 
they were to remain perpetually united? It is an 
imputation upon their wisdom and intelligence. 
They, sir, understood the nature and principles 
and therefore the President argues that they rnt.tst, repudiation ofa Government that denies to thetn 
of necessity, bc perpctual. Now, it seems to justice and equalfty under a conunon Constitu- 
tion. 
me that the most sensible conclusion, in the ab- 
If, in the providence of God, it should come, 
I sence of any express declaration, would be, that 
the fearful responsibility of invoking bloodshed, 
just so Iono• as the General Government, in the 
anguish, grief, and eternal alienation, will rest 
judgment of each of the contracting parties, per- . 
upon the Republican party. The last hope of a 
formed its obligations, and effected the objects 
for which it was created, each should remain a i; reconstruction of this Government will forever 
