THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D, C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
disappear, the. moment one drop of blood is spitt 
upon southern soil to force any State into sub- 
mission. That moment every southern star will 
fall from the FJ2deral constellation, and the scat- 
tered fragments of this Union will bc covered 
with a blood-stained mantle, upon which will be 
written, in letters of inextinguishable fire, the 
words, " Eternal separation." Then the last 
shriek of the Am•erican eagle will be heard amid 
the clash of arms and the din of battle. 
Sir, I fondly cherish the hope that peaceful 
counsels will yet prevail; that these dreadful con- 
sequences may be averted, and that the people 
of the non-slaveholding States—who alone can 
save this •Union—will yield up their prejudices 
and fanaticism upon the altar of their country; 
and, without hesitation, tender to the southern 
Statess in a spirit of noble magnanimity and ex- 
aucd patriotism, what they believe most consci- 
entiously to be their just and equal rights. Thus 
this mighty Government, made by our fathers, 
can be saved, and by no other means; thus the 
gloom and sadness of this I-hour c.an be dispelled; 
thus the sinking hopes of a great nation can bc 
revived; thus the lovers of freedom can be made 
to rejoice throughout the civilized world; thus joy 
and gladness, peace and prosperity, may again be 
restored to the inhabitants of this great Republic, 
and the echo returned by the patriots of other 
lands. 
Mr. GARNETT obtained the floor, and moved 
that the committee rise. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker havino• 
resumed the chair, Mr. WASHBURNF., of Illinois, 
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the 
state of thc Union had had the Union generally 
under consideration , and particularly the bill mak- 
ing appropriations for the support of thc Army 
for the year ending June 30, 1862, and had come 
to no resolution thereon. 
HEIRS or ALMON W. BABBITT. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is a 
litce bill which ought to be passed, and which I 
hope the House will pass now. It is a bill to allow 
the accounts of Mr. Babbitt, who was Secretary 
of the Territory of Utah, to be settled. 
I wrill 
briefly state the circumstances. Mr. Babbitt started 
with some property of the United States to go to 
Utah as Secretary of that Territory. I lis party 
was attacked by the Indians on the plaii)S. He 
defended the property with his life. He was killed, 
and the property was carried off by the Indians. 
His accour)ts cannot be settled until there shall be 
some legislation. This bill is to allow his accounts 
It makes no anpropriation. 
to be settled. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 
tleman from Illinois whether that bill was consid- 
erod at last session? 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f Illinois. 1 understand 
It was reported, and placed on the 
it was not. 
Calendar. 
There being no objection, the Committee of the 
Whole House was discharged from the further 
consideration of a bill for the relief of the admin- 
istrators of the estate of Almon W. Babbitt, Sec- 
•retary of the Territory of Utah; and it was con- 
sidercd in the House. 
The bill directs the First Comptroller of the 
Treasury to ascertain the amount and value of the 
property belonging to the United States, and to 
Almon W. Babbitt, deceased, that may have been 
lost or destroyed on the plains in the summer of 
1856 by an attack from the Cheyenne Indians on 
said Babbitt and train; and orders the amount so 
ascertained to be placed to the credit side of Bab- 
bitt's account on the books in the Treasury, as 
Secretary of the Territory and as architect of the 
peniten tiary in Utah Territory; and if, on the 
THURSDAY, JANUARY 17,. 1861. 
Mr. HUTCHINS. Has this bill been con- 
sidered in committee? 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope the 
gentleman will not object. This man defended 
the property, and lost his life in doing so. And 
now the offcers of the Treasury want authority 
to pass his accounts. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read tho third time, and passed. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is 
sary to amend the title so as to make it conform 
to the body; of the bill. The title reads: " for the 
relief of the administrators." It should be: " fo 
the relief of the heirs." 
I move to amend the 
title in that respect. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of moved tore- 
consider the vote by which the bill was passed; 
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider 
on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
PRENTISS CHAMPLAIN . 
Mr. BLAKE. I move to discharge the Com- 
mittee of the Whole House from the further con- 
sidcration of a bill grunting a pension to Prentiss 
Champlain, and that it be referred to the Com- 
rnittee on In valid Pensions. 
The motion was am•eed to. 
And then, on motion of Mr. MAYNARD, (at 
halfpastfour o'clock p. m. , ) the House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
WEDNESDAY, January 16, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Jou rnal of yesterday was read and approved. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate 
a message from the President of the United States, 
in compliance with the resolution of the Senate 
of the 10th instant, requesting the President to 
inform the Senate whether Jolin B. Floyd, whose 
appointment as Secretary of War was confirmed 
by the Senate on thc 6th of March, 1857, still 
continues to hold said office; and if not, when 
and how said oflicc became vacant. And further, 
to the Senate how, and by whom the du- 
ties of said office are now discharged; and, if an 
appointment of an acting or provisional Secretary 
of Wur has been made, how, when, and by what 
authority it was so made; and why the fact of 
said appointment has not been communicated to 
the Senate. 
The messace was read. 
Mr. BIGLER. move, that the message and 
accompanying documents lie on the table, and be 
printed. 
The motion was agreed to. 
He also laid before the Senate a letter from tho 
Secretary of War, communicating, in compliance 
with a resolution of the Senate of December 15, 
1815, eighty copies of the Army Register for the 
present year; wyhich was ordered to lie on the 
table. 
ADMISSION OF NEW STATES. 
Mr. RICE. mod. 
ifying somewhat the resolution which I offered 
on the 27th of last month. I ask that it be read 
and printed; but L do not wish to have it acted 
upon until the resolutions of the honorable Sen- 
ator from Kentucky [Mr. CRITTENDEN] have 
been disposed of. 
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows: 
Rcsohed, That a special committee of seven he appointed 
by the Senate, with instructions to inquire into the expe- 
diency of the passage of a general enabling act for the ad- 
liliesion of new States, and a readjustxnent of the lilnits of 
Minnesota. and Oregon, which shall include all 
final adjustment of said accounts, the balance is 
ti thc territory held by tbc United States, as follows : 
thrown against the side of' Babbitt, and in favor 
State of New Mexico, bounded on the north by the lat.itude 
of the United States, the balance of the anoount of thirty-seven degrees, east by Texas, south by 'I'c.xas and 
the Mexican boundary, and west by the, one hundred and 
so ascertained to be lost, after deducting the in- 
fourtecntll degree o? longitude. 2, A State of Kansas, in- 
debtednesg of gaid Babl)itt to the United States, , 
ciuding the present 'I'erritorkcs of Kansas and Utah, east of 
shall be certified by said Comptroller, to be paid to 
the one hundred and fourteenth degree of longitude, a small 
I portion of New Mexico north of latitude thirty-seven de-• 
the lawful heirs. 
26 
NEW SERIES.....NÖ. 26. 
grees, and that portion of Nebraska sonth.oflat• 
itudc forty-three degrees. - 3. An enlargmnent 
diction of Minnesota to embrace the proposed territory ot 
Dakota, and the portion of-Nebraska whiéb lies north of 
latitude iörty-three degrces. An enlargement the ju: 
risdiction of Oregon, so-as to merge and 
torv of Washington. 5. A readjustment of the State 
Caiifornia, so as-to include that portion of Uthli and New, 
Mexico lying west of the one hundred and fourteenth deu 
gree of longitudc. 
The resolution was ordered to be printed. 
Mr. G WIN. I wish to make a single inquiry 
of the Senator from Minnesota in regard to this 
resolution. -I should like to know if the Senator 
intends to bring it up for action in a short time. 
I am of tliQ oprnion that .nothing has been -pre- 
sented to the Senate during this session that will- 
tend so much to commence something like an ad- 
juslment of the diffculties that exist between the 
two sections of the country as immediate action. 
on this resolution. I hope the Senator will fix 
an early day—if he has not already in his own 
mind determined upon some day—when we can 
bring up the resolution, and sec if we cannot 
pass it. 
Mr. RICE. I did not wish, or intcnd, to 
it up until the resolutions of the Senator from 
Kentucky [Mr. CRITTENDEN] shall have been 
I do not wish to interfere with those 
disposed of. 
I think they 
resolutions in any way whatever. 
havc precedence; and they meet with my cordial 
approval. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
the chair.) The resolution of the Senator Crom 
Minnesota lies on the table under the order -to 
Mr. G WIN. Just oneword,sir. It was for that 
reason 1 wanted the Senator to bring his resolu- 
tic,n up first; because, if it passes, it will super- 
sede the necessity of acting on, at least, a portion 
of thc resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky. 
I think that, by passing this resolution, and then 
subsequently modifyil'lg the proposition of the 
Senator from Kentucky, we can cover the whole 
case, and probably arrive at some satisfactory 
termination of the present diffculties.• 
Mr. RICE. I do not know that I understand 
the courtesies of the Senate in this regard. I do 
not wish to do anything that would not 'neet 
with the approval of the venerable Senator from• 
Kentucky. If it meets Wilh his approbation, 1 
should like to have the resolution acted upon at 
an early day. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 can only say that it 
will give me great pleasure toafford any facilities 
I can for the considcration of the gentleman 's res• 
olution; but I shall be obliged in duty to press 
the hearing of' my own resolutions, and the 
cision of them first. 
Mr. RICE. Then it would be better, perhaps, 
to let this lie on the table at present. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution 
will lie on the table. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented petition of 
citizens of the State of Michigan, praying the 
adoption of thc compromise measures proposed 
by him; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens 
of Easton, Northampton county, Pennsylvania, 
praying the passage of the resolutions introduced 
mto the Senate of thc United States by Hon. Mr. 
CRITTENDEN', which was ordered to lic on the 
table. 
He also presented the memorial of a committee 
appoi ntcdby certain employés of the Patent Offce , 
praying compensatio n for their services from April 
l, 1860, at the rates fixed by law; which was re- 
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent 
Office. 
Mr. SEWARD presented u memorial of citi- 
zens of thc State of Now . York, dwelling im the 
city of New York, concerning the present dig- 
turbed condition of the country; which was 
ordered to lie, on the table. 
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citi- 
zens of Philadelphia, praying that pensions may 
be granted to the surviving soldiers of the war of 
