402 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 16, 
1812, and to the widows of those who have died 
Or •may hereafter die; which was referred to the 
Committee on Pensions. 
Mr. CAMERON. I have also been requested 
to present the proceedings of a meeting held in 
the town of Berlin, in the State of Pennsylvania, 
very numerously attended by citizens of the place 
and of the surrounding country. They desire 
some speedy action on the state of the Union, 
and hope that Congress will adopt the projet of 
the distinguished Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. 
It is my duty to say, ulso, that I 
CRITTENDEN. I 
receive daily, by every mail, a large number of 
letters on the same subject, all sustaining the 
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky. 
The proceedings were ordered to lie on the 
table. 
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE. 
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen- 
sions, to whom was rcferrcd the petition of James 
Birdsong, administrator of Sally Ehis, deceased, 
praying to be allowed a pension at the same rate 
that her husband, Stephen Ellis, received, from 
the time of his death to the time of her death, 
asked to be discharged from its further considera- 
tion; which was agreed to. 
COMMITTDF, SERVICE. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, subinitted the 
followintT resolution; which was considered by 
unanimous conynt, and agreed to: 
Resolved, That the President of the Senate he author- 
'zed to fill the vacancy ou the Committee on Military Af- 
fairs and Militia, occasioned by the absence of Hon. Mr. 
CHESNUT, of South Carolina. 
MESSAGE FROM HOUSE. 
A message from the I-louse of Representatives, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, arjnounccd that the 
House had passed bill (No. 585) the relief 
of the heirs of the late Aktnon W. Babbitt, secre- 
in which the con- 
tary of the 'I'erritory of Utah, 
currence of the Sonatc Was requcstecl. 
ENROLLII)D mL1, SIGNED. 
The message further annou nccd tha t the Speaker 
of the House bad signed a joint resolution (H. R. 
No. 55) authorizing the Secretary of' the 'lh•eas- 
ury to change the narne of the schooner Sprincy 
Hill to that of the United States; which thereupon 
received the sicrnature of the Vice President. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
The message further announced that the House 
hnd ordered, on the 15th instant, the printing of 
the following documents: 
.1 letter from the Secretary of the Navy, in fur- 
ther response to a resolution o? the House calling 
for information relative to the Coston telegraphic 
night signals—ordered at twelve o'clock and fif- 
teen minutes. 
letter from the acting Secretary of tliC Intc- 
rior, transmitting cstimates for defieiencicq in the 
Indian service nnd expenses of tpking the eicrhlll 
census of the of the United States— 
ordered at twelve o'clock and eleven minutes. 
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT. 
on motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro- 
ceeded to consider the followin«r resolution sub- 
mitted by him on the 14th instant, and it was 
agreed to: 
tinue in forec, until the 3d of March, 1871, the act 
passed the 17th of March, 1800, entitled An act 
declaring the assent of Congress to certain acts of 
the States of Maryland and Georgia,' 'and which, 
by subsequent acts, has been continued in force 
until the 3d day of March, 1861, so far as it reiates 
to the act of the State of Maryland, with a pro- 
viso, that the duty shall not be levied on any 
vessel more than once in any month. 
Mr. PEARCE. to state to Sen- 
ate very briefly that the original act of Mary- 
land, to which this bill proposes to continue the 
assent of Congress, was passed in 1791. 
pealed an act of the Legislature passed prior to the 
formation of the Constitution of the United States, 
and substituted for the tonnage duty therein pro- 
posed the one which has been paid since the pas- 
It isa duty of two cents per ton 
sage of the act. 
upon vesscls of over sixty tons in the 
'l'he assent of Corjgress was 
port of Baltimore. 
(riven to the act of Niaryland (which was neces- 
sary) in 1793, but fora limited time. That assent 
bas bccn renewed at different periods in some six 
or seven different bills. The last w' as onc which 
I int.roduced myself in 1850, and which extended 
this act to 1861. The duty allowed to bc imposcd 
is only two cents a ton, and tbc purposes to which 
it is to be applied are those of tho harbor and 
port—cleaning them out. The ordinary deposit 
rnadc in the harbor is removed by means of this 
small fund. 
I will mention that there is a proviso in this 
bill which differs somewhat from the bills here- 
tot•ore passed by Congress. By farmer bills it 
was provided that all steamboats should bc ex- 
empted from tonnage duty; that is, all steamboats 
cncragcd merely in the transportation of passen- 
gers; but almost all the steamboats which now 
come to Ealtirnorc arc in the transporta- 
tion of freight as well as of no good 
reason is perceived why the duty should nr»t bc 
paid by thein as well as by other vessels. There 
IS another dilTcrencc created this bill. All ves- 
sels arrivino• at the port of' l).ait.imore were liable 
to this duty, whether they arrived once a week 01' 
rllhig bill proposes to reduce the 
once a month. 
imposition by lilüiting the charge to once month. 
I hope there will bc no objection to it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foo,r.) 
The Senator from IVIarylan(l asks the considera- 
tion of this bill now, It requires unanimous con- 
sent. The Chair hears no objection; and the bill 
is before the Senate as in Comn'\illce of the Whole. 
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to 
bc eno•rossed for a third reading, read the third 
time, and passed. 
FRANKLIN TORRY. 
Mr. SIMMONS. There a bill on the table 
for the relief of Franklin Torry, which. is to issue 
lie w certificates for some bonds that were lost by 
the burning of the steamer Austria. The proof 
is complete, and should like to have it passed 
now. Illc is n fbrcioner now in this country. I 
should like to have the bill taken up. It was 
(l pawn by the Department. There can bc no pos- 
Sible objection to it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. -With 
of the Senate, the Chair will present several bills 
from the House of Representatives, among which 
is the bill referred to by the Senator from Rhode 
Island. 
Rcsetved, That the Conmmlttce on Military Affairs and bill (H. R. No. 935) was read twice and 
Militia be instructed to inquirc whether the appropriation 
considered as in Committee of thc Whole. 
madc at thc last session of Congress fbr lhc conipletion 
twicc by their titles, and referred as indicated 
, below: 
I A joint resolution (No. 57) for Ebe benefit of 
Duvall & Brother—to the Committee on Claims. 
A bill (No. 852) for the relief of certain Chip- 
pewa, Ottom.va, and Pottawat.omie indians—to the 
Committee on Indian Affairs. 
A bill (No. 585) for tbc relief of the hefrs or 
the late Almon W. Babbitt, Secretary of the Ter- 
ritory of Utah—to the Committee on Indian Af- 
fairs. 
LOTS IN SAN FRANCISCO. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. is also 
on the table Senate bill No. 97, to authorize the 
institution of a suit against the' United States to 
test the title to lots Nos. 5 and G, in the hospital 
square, in San Francisco, which has been returned 
from the House of Representatives, with an amend- 
ment. 
The Secretary read the amendment of the House, 
which was on page 2 of the bill, to strike out from 
line eighteen to line twenty-six, inclusive, being 
the latter clause of section four, in the foliowino• 
words: 
And that after the expiration of said delay of two years, 
the said parties named in the first section of this act, their 
heirs, assigns, and legal represematives, shall be forever 
barred ana- precluded frotn setting up any claim or right 
or to said two lots, or any part thereof, under Lhc title de- 
rived fronl said sheriff's deeds. 
So that the fourth section would read: 
SEC. 4. wand be ü further enacted, 'l'hat no suit shall bc 
brought by virtuc the provisions of this act., unless the 
same be instituted within two years fronj the passago of 
this act. 
The amendment was concurred in. 
SLAVERY QUESTION. 
Mr. BIGLER. I now move to postponc all 
prior orders for the purpose of proceeding with 
the consideration of the joint resolutions of the 
Senator from Kentucky. 
Mr. MJILSON. 1 ask for the yeas and nays. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Is it understood that that 
is to include the special orders made for one 
o'clock, or is it only for the morning hour? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ques- 
tions will coxne up when the hour of one o'clock 
arrives. The Senator from Pennsylvania moves 
to take up for consideration the joint resolutions 
of the Senator from Kentucky; aud upon this 
question ibe yens and nays have beetl demanded. 
Mr. WILSON. If it is understood that. at one 
o'clock the otlier I-natters are to be culled up, 
withdraw the cali for the yens. and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. From the 
ord it appears that there will be two or ghree spe- 
Cial orders coming up at one o'clock. 'I'heir dis- 
position will be subject to the control ofa major- 
Ily of the Senato when that hour comes. 
demand for the yens and nays is withdrawn. 
The question is on taking up these resolutions 
for consideration. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Mv attention 
was diverted a moment, and I woÜId suggest 
to the Senator to allow me to make a report from 
the Committee on Militarv Affairs and Militia, 
and have it acted on. 
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly; I have no objection 
to that. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of The Commit- 
tee on Military A (Fairs and IWI ilitia, 10 whom was 
recommitted the bill (H. R. No. 132) to remove 
the United States arsenal from the city of St. 
Louis, and to provide for the sale of the lands on 
havc instructed me to 
which the same is located, 
expended accord- proposes to direct the Secretary of the '1' reasury 
of the Washington aqueduct" been 
report. it, with amendments; and I ask that it be 
to cause five certificates of the loan of 1848, of 
ing to the plans and esti:nates ot• Ca ptain Meigs whether 
any aiteratlong have been Iliade in thegc plans and osti- 
each, with coupons of semi-annual inter- 
mates, and by whom E.o tnade. And the comtnittee. in 
cst, from the 1st of July, 1858, attached thereto, 
making tbcsc investigations, shall power to send 
persons and papers. 
TONNAGE DUES AT BALTIMORE. 
to be issued to Franklin 'l'orry, or bearer, to re.- 
place that number of similarce•rtificates, his prop 
erty, which were destroyed by the burning• of the 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I aik leave at st.eamer Austria, in the year 1858; but before the 
this time to introduce a bill which I Will send to issue of the new certificates, r rorty is to furnish, 
the Chair, and I ask to be permitted to make a to the acceptance of the First CQlnptrollet• of the 
brief explanation of it, in the hope that tbc Senate Treasury, such bond of iiidcrnnity as is usually 
II 
required by the regulations of the 'Preasury De- 
will at once act on it. If I shall find that the sense 
of the Senate is adverse, or that delay is desired, 
partinent for the issue of d aplicate.s oc inscribed 
I shall, of course, very cheerfully consent that it 
stock. 
be postponed; but I think there wili be no diff- 
' i'l-le bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to 
a third reading, read the. third time, and passed. 
cult y about it. 
Leave was granted; and the bill (S. No. 539) 
IIOUSE BILLS REFERRED. 
relating to the port of Baltimore, was read the firsi The following bills and joint resolutions from 
the I-louse of Rcpresentatives were severally read 
gnd times. It proposes to revive and con- 
passed now. There was no diffin•ence in the com- 
mittee as to it. Thesc are arnendments which 
! I ought to be attached to the I-louse bill, and ought 
to pass. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'l'hc Senator 
W from Al'kansas asks tho consideration of the bill 
just reported. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 intended to give way for the 
report, not foy the passage of the bill. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of It win take but 
a moment or two, I think; but I withdraw the 
application, and give notice that shall can it up 
i to-morroq,' Inorn:nff. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
is on the motion of the Senator from Pennsylva- 
nia, to take up the joint resolutions of the Senator 
'l fi•om Kentucky. 
The motion was agrocd to; and the Senate, as 
