1861. 
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid- 
eration of' the joint resolution (S. No. 54) pro- 
posing certain amendments to the Constitution of 
the United States. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from New Hampshire [Mr. CLARK] offered an 
amendment in the form of a substitute for the 
whole body of the original resolutions. The first 
question, however, will be on the amendment to 
the original resolutions, which was pending before 
the motion of the Senator from New Hampshire 
was made; and that amendment is, in article one 
of the pt•oposed constitutional amendments, line 
fourteen, after the word 
territory," to insert. 
' now held 01' hereafter to be acquired;" so that 
clause will read: 
In all the territorv now held or hereafter to be acquired 
south of said line latitude, slavery of the African race is 
hereby recognized, ec. 
Mr. SUMNER and others. Let us have the 
yeas and nays on that. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. IVERSON. Is that amendment suscepti- 
ble of division, so as to vote on the first proposi- 
tion in relation to the exclusion of slavery north 
of latitude 360 ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
suggest that the propositions indicated by tho Sen- 
ator are not contained in the amendment. They 
are a part of the original resolution. 
Mr. PUGH. 1 would ask the Senator from 
Kentucky (Mr. POWELL] whether he deems the 
amendment material? It is a matter of indiffer- 
ence to me personally, butl doubt whether it will 
thcilitate the passage of the proposition. Unless 
it is material, I think if we dispose of present 
difficulties, without taking future ones upon in- 
tercst, it would be the part of wisdom. I suggest 
to him that it really will impair the chance of the 
adoption of the proposition. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 will say to the Senator that 
do think it material, and that s.vas the intcl)tion 
of my colleague in preserltine the resolutions. 
1 
put this amendment in to make it clear and dis- 
tinct. 
I understand my colleague to accept it, as 
it carries out his oriffinal design. 
Mr. DOUGLAS.' I think the re.solution would 
bear that construction at this time without the 
amendment. I do not think it changes the mean- 
ing of the resolution. 
Mr. PUGI-I. Certainly not; but as the future 
acqui.sitions, if have any, will bc by treaty, 
where a bare number of one exceeding a third of 
tho Senate are to hold a nco•ativc, it seems to me 
we had better leave these questions to the future. 
As I say, it is a matter of indifference t 
; but 
think it will affect some votes, so far I am 
informed. 
Mrt LATHAM. I am perfectly i g to vote 
for the proposition of thc Senator from Kcn- 
tuck y, [Mr. CRITTENDEN,] or any other plan to 
relieve the country from the danger in which it 
is placed. 
I approve, most heartily of the ori- 
ginal resolutions as first printed; but I cannot give 
my consent to the amcndment now pending, pro- 
posed by the other Senator from Kentucky, [1M r. 
If it is incorporated into the original 
POWELL.] 
resolutions, of course I will vote for them; but I 
think it is unnecessary—will lead to misconstruc- 
tion; and, instead of •being a peace-offering, will 
be a firebrand thrown into the solution öt• this 
I will briefly state my reasons 
whole subject. 
for tlli* opinion, and if I am wrono- senior Sena- 
tors can correct me. This amendment is intended 
to apply to all futuro territory acquired by our 
Government south of 360 30'. 'To my mind it is 
nothing more than amending the Constitution by 
an irrevocal)le article, saying, virtually, that the 
American territory shall bc confined within its 
present limits. 
ances is an apprehension existinø in the south- 
ern mind that the Republican party designs sur- 
rounding the slave States iVith a cordon of frec 
territory or free Statcs. They protest against 
being hemmed in by this method, alleging that in 
a very few years, from the rapid increase of their 
slaves, they will require an outlet and new terri- 
tory to profitably and safely employ them. Now, 
sir, the moment you incorporate this amendment 
into your Constitution, this object against which 
they so much protest will be accomplished. Sup- 
pose, sir, the time does arrive—ib may not and will 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
for slave labor will be required for the reason 
before stated, how, I ask Senators, can you obtain 
it? You cannot cret it by treaty, for you cannot 
get tvv'0 thirds of this body where tho Republican 
clement is so strong, ever to ratify a treaty which 
increases the area of slave territory. , If you 
want it by puéchase, the numerical strength of the 
North in both branches of Congress is sumcient, 
if this fanatical spirit continues, to prevent the 
purchase of an acre where slavery is to be toler- 
atcd. The very moment the southern States, at 
some future period, ivould see this disposition on 
the part of the North to curtail the institu tion of 
slavery, and confine it to its present limits, we 
would have a renewal of the agitation of slavery, 
disunion, secession, revolution, or whatever else 
you may call our present troubles. 
To my mind, the adoption of this amendment 
limits now and forever the area of our empire. If 
we cxpand, ib must be in a southern direction. It 
has been a favorite policy of the Democratic party 
to acquire Cuba, for which we have been willing 
to pay $200,000,000. We discussed all last win- 
ter the propriety of assuming a protectorate over 
Mexico, with the view, in the process of time, as 
our population increased, to absorb and assimi- 
late that people, and make it a portion of our 
nation. Our people are progressive and expans- 
ive; and I am not prepared, for one, to vote for 
any constitutional provision which gives the 
I power to any section or party to say, " thus far 
shalt thou go, and no further. " 
I do not think 
the people of California would ratify any such 
provision. Why? Because they have been look- 
eagerly to the acquisition of the State of So- 
nora, Lower California, in order that we might 
have complete control, not only of the Gulf of 
California, but of the cntire trade and commerce 
of the Pacific coast. The adoption of this amend- 
ment would forcver dissipate any such hopes. 
The Representatives of the northern States 
would never ratify a treaty or vote money to ob- 
tain citbcr of thoSe States, if they knew that sla- 
very was to be constitutionally forced upon the 
people of thosc States during their territorial con- 
dition. So we could never he able to purchase 
Cuba, or any portion of N'lcxico. 
I know, Mr. President, 
that this amendment 
may look pleasing to the southern people, and 
it may givc a truce to our present troubles; but, 
sir, 
in conunon with my party associates, I want 
to sce this question settled now and forever. The 
people of tl:e South arc getting very little by the 
cession of New Mexico as slave territory, for it 
is not adapted to that institution. Slave labor 
cannot there be profitable; and though it may be 
admitted as a slave Slate, it will not be five years 
before it changes its condition. Then we will be 
arrain met by this same arcrument of the necessity 
of more territory for slave expansion; and under 
this amendmcnt it never can be had. 
A (rail'), sir: 
it will be an element of discord 
when the people come to decide upon these amend- 
ments. Thc Rcpublicans can weH say to their 
followers that the South will not be content with 
thing less than an irrevocablo constitutional 
cnuctment forcing slavery upon all our future ac- 
quiMl territory in the South, whether the people 
want it or not. 
"I'hc distinguished Senator from Illinois [Mr. 
DOUGLAS] received over one million votes in 
the recent presidential contest, ail of whom bc- 
lieved and wcrc committed to the proposilion so 
often and so ably advocated by Ilim, 
that the 
people of the Territories, during their territorial 
existence, should control and regulate this insti- 
tution of slavery to snit themselves. 
How, 
I 
ask, can they take away any such right by con- 
senting to this lasting amendment. The sup- 
porters of Mr. BreÖkinridge never contended for 
One of the great causes of our present disturb- anything Inore than the giving of protection by the 
General Government to the institution of slavery, 
the same as any other property, in the Territory. 
Even many of them, sir, would be unwilling to 
vote for this amendmen t, with all its consequences, 
as I have before stated t bem. Mr. President, 
suflicient unto the day is thc evil thereof;" and 
propositions, even though it is incorporated by. 4 
mtqority of this body: am, not in the 
of setting up my opinion against. my elders'. . 
have been in the habit of following the lead •of* 
distinguished Senators upon all: patty questions, 
I am never unwilling to assume any responsibil- 
ity imposed upon me, and I am not now; b9t; to 
my vision, my associates are•ommitting a blun• 
der by -inserting these words, " 
hereafter ac- 
quired," and will not attain the end they have so 
patriotically in view. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. As 1 intimated before, 1 am 
clearly of the opinion that if these words are not 
inserted, the legal effect will be the same. If 'this 
becomes a constitutional amendment, it applies-to 
all the Territories we have got; and if we acquire 
any more, it will apply to them the moment we 
acquire them; so I think it does not make any 
difference. 
I should prefer that, instead of insert- 
ing these words, the Senator from Kentucky 
would move to strike out the words " now held or 
hereafter acquired, 3' in the previous lines. Then . 
it would stand that in ali the territory 'Of the 
United States slavery shall be prohibited n'oi•th, 
and so on. The words now held or hereafter 
acquired," are entirely unnecessary where they 
now occur in the first article. 
It applies to the 
country '„ve now have, and when we get any more 
it will apply to that when we get it. 
If we do 
not get any more, of course we do not want to 
apply it there. 
Mr. BAKER. Allow me to understand the 
Senator from IlliE)0is; I have no doubt he has 
studied this proposition with great care. Do I 
understand him to say, that his opinion is that, as 
the resolution now is, it recognizes and protects 
slavery south of 360 3(Y in all the territory that 
we now have, and all we may ever get to the end 
of the world ? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator had heard 
what I said, I think he would have no trouble in 
comprehending it. 
Mr. BAKEh. 1 did not hear it. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I say that when the pro- 
vision declares that in all the territory of the Uni- 
ted States north of a certain line slavery is pro- 
hibited, the provision reaches all tho territory we 
have now got; and if we acquire more, the Con- 
stitution will apply to all we then have, and. it 
will apply to the additions we acquirc just as fast 
as we get them. W c now provide •cor all the 
territory of the UJ)ited States. The of it 
is covered by the Constitution. 
If we enlarge the 
boundaries, the Constitution will cover the en- 
larged boundaries. 
Hence the provision will ap- 
ply to the new acquisitionS without its being so 
stated expressly. 
Mr. BAKER. 1 think so. 
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, it would seem 
to me, in strict legal construction, if the words rc- 
ferred to by the Senator from Illinois were stricken 
out, and this division were to apply in the Ian-. 
guage of the resolution to all the territory of the 
United States, it would be cons&rued to be con- 
fiw•d to the existing territory—the territory as it 
stood wl'len the amendment passed. 
minded that such is the way in which the Supreme 
Court construed the ordinance of 1787. I am sure, 
from my recollcction of the rules of construction 
in the courts, that it would apply only to the ter- 
ritory now possessed—possessed at the time the 
provision passed. Bat the honorable Senator who 
drew these resolutions, I prcscnne, acting upon 
that construction, has endeavored to make it cer, 
tain; and I presume further, that his intention was 
that the term, 
after acquired territory," was to 
apply to territory ns well south as north of this 
line; and it is possible, but barely possible, that 
that might be the construction placed upon it by 
thc legislativc mind, or the judicial tribunal that 
was caflcd upon to construcit. Butatlast, it x.vould 
be a matter of doubt what was the intent of Con- 
gress in using the precise language that is found 
in the resolutions; and the houorable Senator from 
Kentucky [Mr. POWELL] has introduced the 
amendment, only to make certain what might pos- 
sibly be the subject of misconstruction. But, -be- 
let us legislate for our present territory, without that as it may, if this proposition is to have-any 
the imposition of restrictions upon the future de- l! value as an amendment to the Constitution, and 
velopment of the country, the consequences of to put an end to the troubles now existing in- the 
which none of us can foresee. 
i country, I am sure. I need not say to Senators on 
either side of this Chamber, that-it •can never be 
This is the *ight in which this amendment ap- II 
received by the slaveholding States unless it is 
pears to In y mind, and I therefore will not sup- 
ii 
not probably come in our day—when a new field port it, 
althouoh I will vote for the Crittenden made so. Now, I '..vill not undertake to say, bc- 
