THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 16, 
cauke it will require deliberation, what, in my 
opinion—whatever that may be worth—would be 
the construction placed upon the languacre as it 
now Stands; but It would really seem primcfccie 
to intend to extend the provisions of the resolu- 
'ion to all the territory north of it, and not to 
extend them to the territory souQh of it. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 it so. 
Mr. MASON. The Senator says he understood 
it so.- I do not know that on a fair interpretation 
it would bear that construction; but it ought to 
be made certain, and if it is to be of any value, it 
must be made so. The language as it now stands 
is this— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen- 
ator from Virginia•suspend his remarks for a mo- 
merit? It iB imperative upon the Chair, under the 
rules of the Senate, the hour of one o'clock hav- 
ing arrived, to call up the special orders for that 
hour. They are all at the disposal of n majority 
of the Senate; but it is imperative upon the Chair 
to resent the special orders. 
{r. MASON. What is the special order? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairwill 
state the questions as they stand. The bill for 
the admission of Kansas was made the special 
Inent to be. The proposition was this.' Mr. Ell's- 
•pardon of the Senator from Virginia. The Sena- 
tor from Virginia was upon the floor on this ques- worth moved that be referred to the Legislatures 
tion. 
Mr. MASON. I knew it was only a misad- 
I was proceeding to say, 
vertence of the Chair. 
Mr. President, that before this pyoæsition, as an 
amendment to the Constitution, can be adopted 
by the slaveholding States, I know I speak their 
sentiment in requiring that it shall be too ex- 
plicit to be misunderstood ; and unless thisamend- 
ment prevails, it will, of course, be of no value. 
I have not said a word as to the general character 
of this proposition, because I thought it best to 
refrain from it; and I shall confine my rcmarks 
upon it only to those questions that may inci- 
I shall not speak 
dentally arise in perfecting it. 
to thc merits of thc proposition, until I scc what 
may be thc probability of its passage; but there 
is one clause of it, which I understand now, 
although offered separately, is a part of the reso- 
lution to be submitted, to which, of course, I 
never can assent, nor, I presutne, others. 
that which requires the sense of thc peoplc to be 
taken upon the resolutions as a basis for the 
amendment of the Constitution. Now, sir, I 
not prepared , for one, to convert this Government 
from a republic of confederated States into a con- 
order for to-day at one o'clock. The Pacific rad- 
road bill', yesterday, was left, and remains, thc un- 
finished business. The question arose a few days 
since, as to the priority of t.wo propositions, one 
having been a spec.ial order for a particular hour 
when that hour arrived, and the proposition left 
unfinished the-day preceding. The Chair has had 
consultation, he fOels bound to say, with the per- 
manent Presiding Officer of this body, and he will 
be governed by his decision, whatever may bc his 
own private personal opinion; and he learns from 
him that it has been his practice, and such is his 
construction of the rules, that the unfinished busi- 
ness takes priority of business assigned for apar- 
tic,ular hour under the rule. The Chair, therefore, 
under that ruling, presents the Pacific railroad bill 
rllhese, questions are 
ns now before the Senate. 
now at the disposition of a majority of the Sen- 
ate, to proceed with such n-uc•asure as they see fit; 
but the Pacific railroad bill is now the l)usiness 
before the Senate. 
Mr. BIGLER. I move to postpone the Pacific 
railroad bill and all other prior orders, for tho pur- 
pose of proceeding with the consideration of the 
resolutic;ns of the Senator from Kentucky. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Pennsylvania moves to t.he Pacific 
railroad bill, and nil other ordcrs, special or gen- 
era), with a view to prpcced with the considera- 
lion of the resolutions now beföre the Senate. 
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask for the yeas 
on that motion. 
The teas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. SIMMONS, 1 ask for a division of the 
question. Let us vot.e on po*tponing the Pacific 
railroad bill first. 
The PRESIDING OFF'ICF,R. The Chair 
does not restard the mot.ion as divisible. 
Mr. SUM N FR. I would ask if the 2110tion may 
not be tunended by sul)st.ituting the Kansas bill, 
instead of the resolutions or the Senator from 
Ken tuck y ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is compe- 
petcnt for any Senator at any timc to tnovc to 
postpone all prior orders, with reference to the 
consideration of any particular subject indicated 
by him; and that motion is neither divisible nor 
amendable. 
The question being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 27, nays 26; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Brag:z, Bright, 
Clingman, Crittenden, Donglng, Fitch, Green, 
Henrpltill, 
unter, Iverson, Johnson 'Tenuessee, Kennedy, Lane, 
Mason. Nicholson, Pearce, Polk Powell, Pugh, Rice, Sauls- 
bury. Sebastian, Slidell, and Wigfall—27. 
NAVS—Mcssrs. Anihony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron, 
Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fes- 
scnden, Foot, Foster, Grirnes, Gwin, Hale, Harlan, King, 
Lathan), Seward, Sinnnons, Sumner, 'Den Eyck, 'I'rurnbull, 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. so the motion 
solidutcd Government. 
The question being taken by yeas and nays on 
the amendment of Mr. POWELL, resulted—yeas 
29, nays 24; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs.naker, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, 
Bright, Clingman, Crittenden; Fitch, Green, 
Gwiu, Iletnpliill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of 'l'enncssee, 
Kenncdy, Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, 
Pugh, Rice, Saulsbnry, Sebastian, Slidell, and Wigrall—29. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingluun, Cameron, Chand- 
ler, Clark, Collalngr, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkce, Fessenden, 
Foot, Foster, Gritnes, I-lale, King, Lathmn, Sew- 
ard, Sitmnons, Sumner, 'I'en Eyck, 'I'runlbull, VVade, and 
Wilson—24. 
So the amendm:ent was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further 
amendment be offercd, either to the original res- 
o}utions or to the amendment offered as a substi- 
tute by the Sanator from New Htunpshirc, [Mr. 
CLARK, I the question will be on the amendment 
of the Senator frorn New I-lampshire. 
The Secretary read Mr. CLARK'S amendment, 
which is to strike, out the prcmnble, and all of the 
resolutions after the word " resolved," and insert: 
'I'hat thc provisions of the Constitution arc ample for 
the preservation of' the Union, and the protection of all the 
inaterial Interests of t,hc country ; that it needs to be obeyed 
rather than amended ; and that an extrication from our 
present dangers is 10 be looked for in strenuous cfiört.s to 
prescrvc the peace, protcr,t the public property, and enforce 
the Im.vs, rather than in new guarantees particular in- 
terests, compromises for particular difficulties, or conces- 
sions to unreasonable demands. 
Resolecd, 'I'hat all attmnpts to dissolve the present Union, 
or overthrow or abandon tbc present Constitution, with the 
hope or expectation of constructing a new one, are dan- 
gerous, iilusory, and destructive; that in the opinion of the 
Senate of the United States no such reconstruction is prac- 
luaintcnance of tho cxisting 
nd the t•e10re, to t 
ticablc ; 
I,lnion and Constitution should be dirccted all the energies 
of a!! t11C deparunents ()t• the Government, and the eflör.ts 
of all good citizens. 
Mr. BINGi1AM called for thc and nay 
and they rc ordered. 
N.Ir. SIMMONS. Mr. President, 1 intimated 
yesterday, that when this question canoe up again 
I desired to submit a few remarks to tl-)C Senate; 
and I do not know but t.hat it is as well to do so 
on the amendinent as on the original proposition. 
I n In opposed to the amendinents of the Consti- 
tut.i0kT proposed in thcsc resolutions; but before 
I proceed to point out the particular objections to 
these amendments, I will try to explain what I 
ur)derstand to be the Constitution we now' have. 
The Senator from Texas, [Mr. WIGFALL,] the 
other day, in gome remarks -to thc Senate, said 
that when this Constitution was : ran-led, by the 
aid of Connecticut, seconded by Mr. Paterson, of 
New Jersey, the franners of the. instrument were, I 
prevented from making it a nalional system, and 
throuoh the aid of Connect.icut and New Jersey, I 
rnade It a federative syste1D. 
do not intend to 
prevails, and the, resolutions of the Senator from li argue tl'iat question, whether not, at this day, 
Kentucky [Mr. CRITTENDEN] are before the Sen- 
ate; and the question now is on the amendment 
of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. POWELL.] 
MASON. 1 hope the Chair will recollect 
—l am sure hc did not recollect—that was inter- 
rupted in 111 y remarks by the calling for the spe- 
Cial order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairbegs 
I we are livino• under a Confederation or a Consti- 
but r will state the proposition as made 
tution; 
in the. convention upon which he based this dec- 
laration, and I ask n) y • friend and colleague—as 
he can see better than I can, and also read a great 
! deal better—to read this debate, 
'I'here are sev- 
eral pages of it. 
I think it explains Inore clearly 
than could what the fathers intended this instru- . 
of the States for ratification; Mr. Paterson sec- 
onded the motion; and here is thc debate upon it, 
which I shall make a part of' my speech. 
Mr. ANTHONY read, as follows •r 
Mr. ELLSWORTH moved that. it be referred to the. Legis- 
latures of the States for ratification. 
Mr. PATERSON seconded the Inotlon. 
Colonel M ASON considered a reference of the plan to 
the authority of chc people as one of the most 
'l'he Legislatures have 
and essential of the resolutions. 
'Ithey are the mere creatures of the 
no power to ratify it. 
State constitutions, and cannot be greater than their crea- 
tors. And he knew of no power in any of their constitu- 
tions—he knew theve was no power in some of them—that 
could be competent to this object. Whither, then nnust 
we resort? To the people with whom ait power remains 
that has not been given up in the constitutions derived 
from them. IL was great moment, he observed. that this 
doctrine should be cherished, as the basis of free Govern•- 
ment. Another strong reason was, that•, admitting the Le- 
gislatures to have a competent authority, it would be wrong 
to refer the plan to then), because succeeding Legislatures, 
authority could undo the acts of their prc- 
having equal 
deccssors; and the national Government would stand, in 
each State, on the weak and tottering foundation of an act, 
of Assembly. T.here "'as a remaininn consideration of some 
In some of the, States, the govern:nents '•,vere not 
weight. 
derived from the clear and undisputed authority of the 
people. This was the case in Virginia. S01ne of the best 
and wisest citizens considered the constitution as estab- 
lished by an assumed authority. Anational constitution de- 
rived from such a source would be exposed to the severest 
criticisn)s. 
Mr. RANDOLPH. One idea has pervaded all our pro- 
ceedings, to wit: that opposition, as well from the States 
as from individuals, will be Inade to thc system to bc pro- 
posed. WV ill it not, then, be highly irnprudent to furnish any 
unnecessary pretext by the Enode of ratitj'ing it? Added ta 
other objections against a ratification by the legislative 
authority only, it may be remarked, that there have been 
instances in which the authority of the ec»nlnon law- has 
been set up in particular States against that of the Confed- 
eration, which has had no higber sanction t.han 
ratification. Whose opposition will be most likely to be 
excited against the sys•tenl? That of the local demagog!xes 
who will be degraded by it from the i:nportance they now 
rj'hcse will spare no cfforts to iunpede that progress 
in the populannind which will be necessary to the adoi)tion 
of the plan, and wh ich every member will find to have taken 
place in his own, i? he will compare his present opinions 
with those he brought Witb hiln into the convention. It is 
of great importance, there(örc, that the consideration 0k' 
I this subject should be transferred fron the Legislatures, 
where this class of Inen havc their full influence, t') a field 
in which their efforts can be less Inischievous. It is, more- 
over, worthy of considcration, that smne of the States arc 
avcrs•c to any change in their constitutions, and will not 
take the requisite steps unless expressly called upon, to 
the q u estion to tl:c people. 
Mr. GERRY. 'I'i:e arguments of Colonel Mason and Mr. 
']'hey prove an unconst.itution- 
Randolph prove too Inuch. 
ality in the present Federal systmn, and even in the 
State "0 verrnnents. Inferences draivn from such a source 
must be inadmissible. Both the State govermnents and 
the Fcderai Government havo been too long acquiesced in, 
to be now shaken. I-Ie considered the Confederation to be 
'I'he last article of it, 
any State constitution. 
alterations, rnust consequently be so as welå 
authoriz• 
as the o everything done in pursuance of the 
article musVhave the smne high authority with the article. 
Great confüsion, he was confident, would result from a rc- 
currcncc to the people. They would never agree on any- 
thing. He could not sce any ground to suppose that the 
people q.vill do what their rulers will not. 
The rulers will 
eithcr coniOrzn to or influence the sense of the people. 
Mr. GORHAM was aaainst referring the plan to the Le- 
l. Men chosen by the people for the particular 
islatures. 
purpose will discuss the subject more candidly than Inem- 
bers of the Legislature who are to lose the power which i* 
to he given up io the General Government. 2. Some of the 
Legislatures are composed ot' several branches. 
It will 
consequent.ly be difficult, in these eases, to get the 
plan through the Legislatures than through a convention. 
3. In t11C States many of tile ablest men are excluded from 
the Legislatures: but may be elected into a convention. 
Alijong these may be ranked nutny of the clergy, who are 
generally friends to good government. Their services were 
found to be valuable in the forrnation and establislunent of 
the constitution of Massachusetts. 
4. The Legislatures 
'.vjll be interrupted Ivitll a variety of little business; by art- 
fuily pressing which, 
designing men will find Ineans to 
delay from year to year, if not. to frustrate altogether, the 
national system. 5. the last article of the Coiftderation 
is t.o he pursued, tiie unanirnous eoncurrence of the States 
But will any one say that all the States 
will be. necessary. 
are to suffer themse}ves to bc ruined, if Rhode Island should 
persist in her*opposition to general tneasures? Some other 
'The present advant- 
States 'night. also tread in her steps. 
age whicli New York seems to be so Inuch attached to, 
of taxing her neighbors by the regulation of' hcr trade, makes 
it very probable that she xvill bé of the nmnber. 
It would 
therefore deserve serious consideration, whether provision 
ought not to be made for giving effect to the system with- 
out waiting Ibr the unanilnous concurrence of the States." 
Mr. ELLSWORTH. If there be any Legislatures who 
should fiGd themselves incompetent to the ratification, he 
should be content to let thern advise witli their constit- 
uents, and pursue such a mode as would be con•jpetent. I-Ie 
thought was to be expected fronl the Legislatures 
than'the people. 
The prevailing wish of the people in tbß 
eastern States is, to get rid of the public debt and the idea 
of strengthening the National Government carries with it 
that of strengthening the public debt. It was said by Col- 
Qnel Mason, in the first place, that the Legislatures have 
authority in thi* case; and j-n the second, that their enc- 
