1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
cessors, having equal authority, could rescind their acts. 
-As to the second point, he cotna not admit it to bc well 
founded. An act to which -the States,bytheir Legislatures, 
make themselvespaities,beeomes a compact from SVhieh no 
one ofthe•parties can recede of itself. As to the first point, 
be observed *Ijat a new set of ideas seein to have crept in 
since the Articlesof Confederation Ivere establishcd. Con- 
ventions, of the people or with power derived 
from the people, were not then thought OF. 'The Legisla- 
tures considered as cotnpctcnt. 'l'heir ratification has 
Oeen acquiesced in Without complaint. To whom have 
Congress appEied on subsequent occasions för further pow- 
ers? 'Co the Legislatures, not to thc people. 
"I'he iäct is, 
that we exist at pcesent, and we need not inquire how, as 
Feåeral society, united by a charter, one article of which 
is, that alterations therein *nay be made by the legislative 
It has bccn said that, if the 
authority of the States. 
Confederation is to be observed, the States must unani- 
He would 
mously concur in the proposed innovations. 
'answer chat, if such were the urgency and necessity of our 
situation as to warrant a ne'.v compact alnong a part of the 
States, founded on the consent of the people, thc same 
*Pleas would bc equally valid in favor of a partial compact, 
founded on th.e consent -ofthe Legislatures. 
Mr. WILLIAMSON thought the resolution (the nine- 
teenth) so expressed as that it might bg submitted either 
the Legislatures or to conventions rcconnnended by the 
Legislatures. He observed that some Legislatures wore 
evidently unauthorized to ratify the syste:u. 
He thought, 
too, that conventions were to be prcförred, as more likely 
to be cornposed of the ablest men in the States. 
Mr. GOüVERNEUR MORRIS considered the inference of 
Mr. Ellsworth from the plea of necessity, as applied to the 
establishment of new system on the consent of the peo- 
ple ofa part of the States, in favor of a like establishment 
on the consent ofa part of the Legislatures as a non sequi- 
tur. If the Confederation is to be pursued, no alteration 
can be Inade without the unanimous consent of thc Legis- 
Iatnres. Legislative alteraticqns not conformable to the. Fed- 
era' compact would clearly not be valid. 'I'he judges would 
'consider them as null and void. Whereas, in case of an 
.appeal to thc people of thc Unitcd States, the supreme au- 
tborä.y, the Federal compact rnay be altered by a Inajority 
of them, in like manner as the Constitution of a particular 
State Inay be altered by a Inajority of the people of' thc 
State. 'I'he amendment moved by Mr. Ellsworth crrone. 
•onsly supposes that we are proceeding on the basis of the 
'L'his convention is unknown to the Con- 
Contc•deration. 
iéderation. 
Mr. KING thought with Mr. Ellsworth, that the Lcgis- 
datures had a competent authority, tbc acquiescence of the 
people o? America in the being equivalent 
to a törmal ratification by the people. Hc thought with 2M r. 
Ellsworth, also, that the pica of ncccssity ivas as valid in 
the one case as in the other. At the same tinte he prc- 
fOrred a reference to the authority of thc pcoplc, especially 
•delegated to conventions, as the most certain means or 
viating all disputes and doubts concerning the legitilnacy 
of the new Constitution, as well as the rnost fikely n)eans 
of drawing forth the best men in the States to decide on it. 
He remarked that, among other objections made in the State 
of New York to granting powers to Congress, one had been 
that such powers as would operate within the States could 
not be. reconciled to the Constitution, and therelöre were 
not grantable by the Legislative authority. He considered it 
as of some consequence also, to get rid o? the scruples 
'which some mernbers of the State LegisFatures might de- 
rive ii•mn their oaths to support and maintain the existing 
constitutions. 
Mr. h'1ADISON thoughtit clear that tbc Legislatures ',vcre 
incompetent to the proposed changes. 'Ithese changes would 
make essential inroads on the State constitutions ; and it 
would be a novel and dangerous doctrine that a Legisla- 
turc could change the constitution under which it held its 
'lthere might, indeed, be s.omc constitutions 
existence. 
within thc Union which had given a power to the Legisla- 
ture to concur in alterations ot' the Federal cotnpact. But 
there urere certainly sotne which had not ; and, in thc case 
of these, a ratification must of necessity bc obtained ['roln 
the people. ße considered the difference between a 
tem tbunded on the Legislatures only and one löunded on 
the people to be the trie difl'erence between a league or 
treaty and a constitution. The former, in, point of Inoral 
latter; fn point of 
obligation, might be as inviolablc as the 
political operation, there were two important distinetiong 
in favor of the latter: first, a law violating a treaty ratified 
by a preexisting law might be respected by the judges as a 
law, though an unwise or perfidious one. A law viotating 
a Constitution established by the people themselves would 
be considered by the judges as null and void. Secondly, 
the doctrine laid down by the law of nations in the case of 
treaties is, that a breach of any one article by any of the 
parties, frees the other parties from their engagements. In 
the case ofa union of people under one constitution, the 
nature of the fact has always becn understood to exclude 
such an interpretation. Comparing the two modes, in point 
of expediency, he thought all the considerations which rec- 
ommended this convention in preference to Congress, IOr 
proposing the reform, were in ravor of State conventions, 
in preference to the Legislatures, tor examining and adopt- 
ing it. 
On the question, on Mr. Ellsworth's motion, to refer 
the plan to the Legislatures of the States— 
Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland—ay, 3. 
New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Vir- 
ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia—no, 7." 
The Madison Papers ; Containing Debates on the Confeder- 
ation and Constitution. Supplement to Elliott's Debates, VOL 
5 ; pp. 352, 353, 354, 355, 356. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. that explains 
what the framers of thig Government intended 
on the opposite side-of the Chamber has treated this 
Constitution as in the nature of a league or treaty. 
A compact broken in one part is broken in all 
parts, said Mr. Webster. 
I agree with that; but 
did he ever say this Constitution was a compact? 
Never; never. Quotations are made from emi- 
nent men, who make speeches either to get votes 
or to get nominations, and they are adduced here 
as constitutional authority. I read this very de- 
bate and another here fourteen years ago, in the 
presence of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. MA- 
SON.] I read what that gentleman 's distinguished 
ancestor said on this constitutional question. 
I 
read it, too, upon another portion of this subject 
that I shall call his attention to; and, I think, I 
shali mention what reply hc made about that time; 
I but I am now upon this Constitution, and upon 
the fact that every Senator who has made an ar- 
gument upon this question in favorof the rightof 
a State to secede, has based it upon the argument, 
and solely upon the argument, that the Constitu- 
tion is a treaty, and not a Constitution. I agree 
thata treaty which is broken in one part is broken 
in all, and frees everybody. That was Mr. Mad- 
ison's doctrine; but he said that a constitution 
formed by the people is not a compact, buta pact 
that excludes such an interpretation. Yet, every- 
body on the other side says it is a compact; and 
the distinguished Senator from "Ilexas says that 
the old men who made, this Constitution, of all 
things in the world, knew nothing about it; that 
they were very good men for generals, and such 
like, but they knew nothing about the Constitu- 
tion. Well, sir, they are good enough authority 
I for me. would rather road their authority than 
anv other I could get. I make noargumentuponit. 
! ator_ to make the objection. -:t'hegeTesDlu. 
tions aright, these amendments a•pætö •be adopted 
if they are approved of by: thw people- 
fourths of the States, each-State havingkbütöne 
vote. That is the way I read. the •resolutipfis. 
One of them, I am pretty sure, says.so.-'.: 
it yesterday. I agree that the-Senato$ iggright.in 
i saying that the amendments are to- 
the people of the States, and that -the original 
proposition was made to t•h'e people- of the States; 
and why was it? 
It was because this Constitu- 
tion took from the State authorities many -of: -ihe 
powers that the people had given to their State 
Legislatures; and they were not going to have a 
mass meeting, and let the peopleof Virginia take 
away the rights thathad been given by thepeople 
ofSouth Carolina to their State Legislature. They 
must be the same constituent body that granted 
these rights to their State government, that should 
take .themback again and grant them to thisGov- 
ernment. That is the distinction. Nobody élße 
was competent to take away the tights of i the 
people of Rhode Island but the people of Rhodå 
Islan&themselves; and so with all the regt of: (the 
States. 'l'hat is the reason, and the only reason, 
that this Constitution was sent to the States; not 
because it was a confederation, as the- Senator 
reiterates again to-day, but because powers were 
given in the Constitution to the national Govern- 
ment, that could not be taken from the States by 
anybody but those who gave those powers to 
them; and they took those powers from •the States 
in ratifying this Constitution, and gave them to 
the national Government. I have no doubt the 
Senator from Kentucky, in his resolutions, has 
provided the same mode that is pointed out in the 
i call the attention of the Senator from Virginia Constitution, to let the people vote in each State 
to what he said this morning about referring these I for or against these amendments. Am Emistaken 
in that? 
resolutions to the people. He said hc was against 
letting the pcoplc vote on these resolutions. His Mr. CRITTEN.DEN. The resolutions:which 
I offered provided no means of that sort;• but the 
distinguished ancestor said he held it of the first 
importance, that this Government should rest on Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. BIGLER] has 
the will of the peoplc; but it has got to be un- 
fashionab]c now 
the people arc not to be trusted 
I ha.ve as abiding faith in them now 
in this no•e. 
as thc fäther.3 had when they inade this Constitu- 
lion; and how did they come out? Look aet your 
seventy years' experience under this Constitution. 
Did they trust the people in vain? I hope not; I 
know they did not. 
it was tho faith of tho 
Let us live by it, and stand by it. 
know that i 
shall be tedious if go into that debate; and there- 
fore I dismiss it. 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to 
interpose a word ? 
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly. 
Mr. MASON. What 1 said implied no distrust 
of the people whatever. What I said referred 
entirely to the theory of this Government. This 
Government, as I understand, is a confederation 
of States; and when the people are spoken of in 
the Constitution, it means the people of each State 
separatiin, as a separate independent political com- 
munity, each Stato being sovereign. Now, I un- 
derstand the scope of this resolution is to refer a 
question of constitutional amendment, not to the 
States or to the people of the States, as separate 
independcnt political communities, but to refer it 
to the peoplc of all the States us a mass. 
I say that the Constitution never contemplated 
that the people of the United States, as a mass, a 
homogeneous mass, should be the parties to the 
Federal Government; and therefore, withoutany 
distrust of the people in their separate States, 
never can aørec to convert the form of govern- 
ment we now have, from a confederation of Re- 
publics into a consolidated Government. And, 
interrupting the Senator for a moment longer, I 
would refer to the fact, that when the Constitution 
contemplates amendments to be made to it, they 
arc amendments to be made to it by the States, as 
States, either by their Legislatures or by conven- 
tions, as may be arranged; but in each instance 
the amendments are to be made by States, and 
those amendments would not be carried by a popu- 
far vote, but each State would give one single vöte 
and one only upon the amendments. 
The state 
which the honorable Senator represents, with its 
population, would give a vote equal to the State 
it should be; and yet naen will refer to that very represented by the Senator from New York—a 
qucstion there decided—seven aqrainstit„ avid three i single vote. There was no idea of referring it 
{01 —and say that that decision was in favor of broadcast to the people, as a consolidated mass. 
making a confederation, instead ofa natltjnal Gov- I i That is all I wish to save 
ernment; and every argument that has been made Mr. SIMMONS. I aid understand the Sen, , 
been so good as to introduce a bill here prescrib- 
ing the mode in which the vote shall beutken•, as 
it was taken at the presidential election, and. by 
the same officers. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I have seen it somewhere 
in the printed proceedings. That would certaihl$* 
be the x.vay. There is no other way to do it un- 
der the Constitution. Every suggestion, -every 
argument made use of by every man who spoke 
in this debate in the Convention as to whetherthe 
Constitution should be ratified by the Legisla- 
tures or by the people, no matter whether they 
were in favor of a Confegeration or in favor ofa 
national Government, furnishes a complete an• 
swer to all the arguments that have been brought 
up here of the right of a State to secede. MB 
Ellsworth, as much of a Federalist as he was) 
denied that right under the 'confederation; and 
every national man from that time down has 
always denied it. 
Now, Mr. President, having disposed of that 
question, so far as I choose to speak on it in this 
connection, I come to the provisions for its amend* 
ment; and I have to sav to my worthy arid. dis- 
tinguished friend from Kentucky that I consider 
his plan grossly violative of the Constitution it- 
self. He knows that I speak of it kindly; but 1 
cannot in my conscience believe otherwise than I 
I feel as 
know these troubles. 
have stated. 
much regret as I know he feels at such unwar- 
rantablc troubles brought upon us from so trifling 
causes, as conceiye; but I cannot vote for these 
resolutions, because I think they violate the very 
spirit of the instrument under which we sit here. 
Here is a proposition to add five new sections to 
the Constitution, and to make them and two clauses 
of the present Constitution irrepealable and una• 
I should like to ask the Senator if 'he 
mendable. 
has thought-quite well enough, and is quite cer- 
tain enough, that these propositions are sound, to 
make them, like the laws of the Medes and Per. 
sians, unalterable, in a free Government? I have 
read them over but twice. I know they are. wholly 
impracticable in Rhode Island. We have no such 
thing in Rhode island as a county organimtiön 
thal you can sue to recover the value of.a slave. 
You must have eomebody to sue. Yoti must 
I have not read: them with 
have an orcranizatiou. 
a view to criticise them. I am- speaking of them 
generally. Here is an instrument-founded by our 
It has been in opeÉaiion, three quarters 
fathers. 
ofa- century, and the countryhag flourished under 
