1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
407 
I think the Senator from New York went agrcat 
way. Why, Mr. President, it is something for 
a party in 'the majority to agree to conciliato in 
the present aspect of this country. f will do any- 
thing that I can do that will not demoralize the 
am afraid of that—absolutely 
Government. 
I am afraid to do anything that will 
afraid of it. 
bring reproach upon the Government I love. The 
Senator from New York said, that to throats he 
would offer conciliation. That I would do. Hc 
said that to exactions he would grant concessions. 
That I am not quite certain that I would do. He 
said that to hostile array he would give the right 
hand of brotherhood. That is good. I have faith 
that the millennium will come; but I do not think 
it is here now. That would bc good doctrine then. 
I know 
No, sir, the millennium has not come. 
the reading; but I suppose it was wrongly ren- 
dered. I could hardly ever interpret the scripture 
there where it said that generation should see it; 
but I suppose the translators rendered it wrongly; 
they did not quite undcrstand the original tongue. 
But, sir, the millennium did not come whilc Judas 
Iscariot lived, nor will it come while others like 
him fester and pester the society in which they 
live, shamc theircountry, and dishonor their race. 
It w.ill not come while such incn are here.. They 
will be disposed of beforc that time conics. 
The Senator from Kentuc._ky believes with me 
in that respect. 
I shall not uttera sentiment that 
he will not agree with. If I do, I will tuke it back 
immediately. He and I have lived too long to- 
gcther for me to say anything disrespectful to 
I never had any uneasiness in reference to 
him but about one thing, and that was about my 
children. I was not afraid that t.hey '.vould love 
him any better than i did; but I was afraid that 
they would love him better than they did Ine, 
(laughter,] and that is the case with all Rhode 
Island. There is no Prince of MT ales or 
his 
mother, or any other crowned head of Europe, 
that Rhode Islanders would travel so far to sec as 
the Senator from Kentucky. It is so now, and it 
has been sc föt• the last quarter ofa century. 
I have read ovct• these resoluüons, and have 
said all that I intend to say about making the pro- 
I hope L he Senator 
posed amendment perpetual. 
from Kentucky will run out in his own mind thc 
idea that I gave him about that, and will fccr.just 
as I do tr: regard to it. The scries of resolutions 
introduced by Edmur)d Randolph into the con- 
vention, declared that there ought to bc a Gov- 
ernment which could bc changed by a majority I 
less than the whole That wa« one of the •cardi- 
nal principles laid down when this Governnwnt 
was framed. Now, it is proposed to this 
proposition so that it cannot be changed. r r I-je 
Senator from Kentucky loves the Constitution as 
wcll as I do. He. was brought up under its teach- 
ings. Hc has illustrated it in every speech he has 
made, and his whole life hus illustrated it. Guar- 
antees to slavery are proposed as if the Republ ican 
party intended to invade the rights of slavehold- 
ers. i'Vhy, sir, they would not have a corporal's . 
guard with them in either House of Congress if 
It would not bc as large as the 
they attempted it. 
Tyler party, and that consisted of but fivc. 
I made some memoranda when Senators were 
speaking, for thought I vvould answer some of 
their arguments in detail; but I never did writea 
shcct of paperover with notes but it bothered me, 
for I never can read them. I am sorry it has got 
to be the fashion to take them at all except by the 
reporters. Now, want the Senator from Ken- 
tuck y to turn his mind and his cnergies to some 
method of composing thee difficulties that shall 
not destroy the Government. 1 am willing to say 
that any interference with slavery in the Stales by 
the General Government is not among the powers 
granted to Congress, and ought not to be granted 
or exercised for all time. I do not believe that the 
General Government has anv such power now. 
1 never did believe it; and if you want to rnake it 
any clearer I would put that in. 'The. powers of 
this Government are as distinct and as independ- 
ent as if there x,vere no States. The powers del- 
egated to the National Government are to be ex- 
ercised as if there were no States. On the other I 
hand, the powers that are retained by the States, 
and the people of the States, are as independent 
of Lhose as if there was no National Government. 
That is my doctrine. I am a Slate-rights man as 
well as a national man ; and the. powers are clearly 
defined—defined in the book and defined by the 
practical cxpcricnce of seventy years. 
1 should 
like to sce a man bold enough to say that, under 
t.he authority of the Constitution, the General 
Government it created could interfere with slavery 
iii the States in any way, directly or indirectly. 
I believe in no such doctrine, and I do not believe 
there is anybody who holds it; at least I have, 
never scen him, nor do I believe there is a public 
man in the United States big enough to obtain a 
vote for President that would ever t.hink of it, of 
whatever party he might bc. We have nothing 
to do with protecting it or disturoing it in the 
States; but in regard to the Territories, I do not 
agrcc Wilh the new-fashioned notion. I believe 
we have a right to do cither in the Tcrritorics. 
have a to (rovern the Tcrritories as we 
I do not agree in the notion that this 
please. 
Government is a trustec of the States for the TCI'- 
ritories. I never heard of such a doctrine until 
lately. 
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. LANE] says that 
he is for having the equal rights of all the States 
in this league. Why, sir, they had an alliance in 
Europe in 1815—1 think it was the treaty of Vicn- 
na—whcre the five great Powers agreed together 
to take care of the rest of the world, and formed 
what was called " The Holy Alliance;" 
and I be- 
lievc it is in being yet, and that lhcre was a talk of 
calling them together to take care of Italy. r l'hat 
alliance consisted of Enplnnd, France, Russia, 
Prussia, and Austria. If cither of those Poxvvers, 
during the last forty-five years, had discovered a 
new country, do you suppose it would give up its 
own title to it, and say it held it for the alliance? If 
a treaty of alliance for boundaries and the balance 
stitution. Why, sir, if theyareunconstitutional, 
they are utterly void. Everybody knows that; 
But who passed them? The first personal liberty 
bill that has been bandied about here al]xover-hthe 
Senate, was passed -when both Houses of-uthev 
Massach usetts Legislature were 
a Democratic Governor approVing of it; and tt.hé 
negro equality law passed the same month. This 
negro equality bill came from the fact that. Mas* 
sachusetts that year repealed the law •which fore 
bade the intermarriage ot different races, That 
•was done by the Democrats, and the- next year 
the Democratic Governor, who tip_proved those 
acts, 'beat " Honest John Davis.' 
I went thero 
and made speeches to kry to elect John Davis; but 
he was beaten. Our candidate was not elected by 
the people; nor was the other man in 1842, •but 
hc was elected by the Legislature, and next year. 
he beat us one vote. The third year we- had a 
national fight, and Ive beat them in Massachu- 
setts; but we were beaten ourselves in the coun- 
try in 1844; and that same Governor who signed 
this personal liberty bili and the necro equality 
bill, •,vas sent into the Senate for the 'best omce.in 
New England, nominated by Mr. Polk, and every 
Democratic Senator voted for Ilim, knowing that 
that was thc fact, if they knew anything about 
it; but I do not know whether they knew it or 
If t.hey did, they would notcat•e a fig about 
not. 
it, if he v,ras on their side, but they would say; 
" this man probabbr hud to get in by promising 
the Abolitionists to do something if he got their 
votes;" and that is the way he did get in. 
Their 
idea is, 
" it will do very well if out' folks do it; 
only let it work for the benefit of the Democratic 
party, and you may pass personal liberty bills or 
of power in Europe, had defined stipulated pow- 
ncgro cquality bills to your hearts' contcnt." 
ers, anything they did they would do in common 
as we do; but is there any power here to discover I But nowr they getup here and lay thesc bills to the 
territory? 'l'httt is not one of the express powers Republican party, when the first. Republican Gov- 
granted in the Constitution, and on the theory of I ernor elected in Massachusetts brought •to ahe 
all these secessionists, when a ship of John Jacob notice of thc Legislature the vcry provisions in 
Astor's discovered the mouth of the Columbia that bill which wcre wrong, and that Legislature 
river, and took possession of it, that ter'lory i altercd them, although they had been on the 
would belong to the Slate of New York. T hc , statute-book twelve years with all sorts of Gov- 
Constitution givcs this Government no power to 
acquire territory. Why is not that territory New 
York 's? Tbc pox,vct• that discovcrs a country by 
taking possession of the mouth of a river, takes 
all the slopes that run into it. That is the doc- 
trine. If you get into a mndhole anywhere, you 
must take all the country you can sec. Upon 
this idcn, it, would belong to New York, mani- 
festly•, but it is power incident to the national 
soverciønty; and so the sailor himself understood 
and he hoisted tbc stars and stripes there, 
It, 
instead Qfthe flag of New York. What 
any of those other States to control slavery in 
that territory by virtue of our being trustees for 
It is moonshine, utter moonshine. 
the Stat.es ? 
The territory belongs to the Government o? the 
United States as an incident of its sovereignty; 
and every sailor that could hand-reef or steer 
would know what flag to put up on a discovered 
country, without consulting any constitutional 
It would bc the national fla«r. 
lawyers. 
My friend from Kentucky knows that. 
believes it. We acquire territory in consequencc 
ernors, and nobody ever thought of them until 
Governor Banks called attention to them. And 
yet thcsc arc the grave charges thu•.own up herc 
against Republican party, ntld made tho oc- 
brealcing up this Government—such 
camon for 
kind of things as these. 
do not care what kind of laws they pass in 
Georgia or South Carolina affecting us; only I do 
not like to see those laws imprisoninc our sailors 
because they are poor iöllows. South Carolina 
made a law of that. kind; but when she wanted to 
get trade with Eilgland, ghe repealed it in refer- 
crencc to forcio•n countries, but kept it on in ref- 
erence to her own brothers. That is the way they 
treat, us; but we are not goincr to firht about it, 
or quarrel over it. Our law in Rhode Island was 
passed six 01' eight years before there ever was a 
Rcpnblican party there—and there were more than 
I six times as many Whigs who voted against it 
as there were Democrats. Two of the leading 
Whig mcmbcrs madc speeches against it; but they 
were bcaten. Aftcrwards, one of those men who 
opposed it carne to be chicf justice of OUr State. 
of our national sovereignty. Thcrc is no express He was on the committee to revise the statutcs— 
to make a code—and hc pared that thing all down, 
power in tl-i0 Constitution for it. It is an incident 
to sovereignty, an incident to the war and treaty and got it so that it was inoffensive; and be said 
that, if it were not for making a noise, he would 
making powers. YVe own the territory. The 
strike it out altogcther. They pared it down and, 
States have no more to do with it than the Em- 
peror of France—not a bit more; and this Gov- I i when all thc virus was out, it was voted for unan- 
ernmcnt has nothing to do with their local affairs, imously by a Republican Legislature, after every 
except to protect them. That we are bound to part of it Illtuevcn savored of unconstitutionality 
was taken out. We do not want any unconsti- 
do. We have given them guarantees to take care 
of them, to save them frotn themselves,ifthcv have tutional laws in Rhode Island, nor do they in 
I know they have been pretty 
disturbances among thcmselvcs, and call upon us; Massachusetts. 
high strung in Massachusetts ever since I knew* 
I am ready to do it if 
and we ought to do it. 
them. I never did like them any too much. They 
there is any disturbance. There is no man here 
but is willing to prevent any invasion of any banished our ancestors, hung the Quakers, and 
State for the purposes of injury arid annoyance, killed folks for being witches. [Laughter.] I do 
not believe in that doctrine; but still, Massachu- 
and to punish those engaged in it. 
This was brought up against the Republican setts is a pretty considerable State. She was 
party. Everything that has been done for the thought so in the Lime of the Revolution; and I 
last twenty years is charged to the Republican madc up my mind, on account of what she did 
party, which in my State did not exist until four then, never to harbor any hard feeling toward 
years ago last May. That was the first rnecting her for what she had done before, although she 
had done a good n'lany bad things. I do not mean 
they ever hold there under thcir organization— 
flt•st time they ever got together. When were to have any hard feelings toward any State, or 
the personal liberty bills, which are said to be an the people of any State, but I cannot go quite as 
infraction of tl)is treaty, passed? Massachusetts far as the Senator from New York; för think 
is arraigned here every other day for having the millennium has not come, though have full 
passed personal fiberty bills infracting the Con- faith that it wili come. I do nob know of a man 
