408 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 16, 
in the country who could say as much as he did 
with as much propriety. It. is something like a 
pendulum—the further it swings one way, of its 
own momentum, it will swing just so much fuF 
ther the other way. I keep pretty nearly right 
up and down, as well as I can. I do not want to 
be so straight that I must lean over, although I 
am bent a little by age; and therefore I do not 
mean to go very far from my moorings. 
I have 
always held' to these opinions, and do not mean 
to change them if 1 can help it. There may be 
circumstances which wiil oblige me to do so. 
But I regretted, more than anything else in this 
to sec a sort of disposition to heap every- 
thing upon this Republican party, as if they made 
this fuss. The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douc- 
Lis] says: | told you so three or four years 
I do not know but he did. There is a 
ago." 
great deal of logic in facts, and we have been 
told so" until we have carried pretty nearly all 
the free States. A great deal of It came from its 
being told that we meant to ruin the country. I 
have said for the last three years to my friends of 
the South, that I have met at the Springs, that I 
believe they had got to this pass, that nothing 
would convince them that we were not a pack of 
pickpockets and thieves, but for us to get power, 
and then their stump-orators would cease to be 
liars; because we should show them we had no 
intention of hurting them, and nothing else would 
I consider it providential 
p_rove it but our acts. 
thatAVe have got power so that these distinguished 
men, before we all die out—old fogies as they call 
us—may see that this Government can be admin- 
istered by a Republican Prcsident.to the benefit of 
all •his fellow-citizens in harmony and peace. 
Now, I make what are called stump speeches 
in my St.ate and others; butl never make a speech 
that I would not utter in the presence of every 
candidate before the people; never. 
I was told 
that up in Harrisburg, by a former distinguished 
Senator from Virginia, Watkins Leigh. Hc said 
wc must make stump speeches; and as we did not 
know he told us how. He said that we must not 
say anything on the stump that we would 110t say 
before a court of justice under oath as to the truth. 
That was his rule, and I havc observc(l that rule 
I sdid on the stump that I knew all 
ever sincc. 
of the candidates before the country; and I be- 
licved they were all eminently able to ad minister 
the Government. I would not say it now, because 
I have seen some things which makes it little 
doubtful. 
I think some of them are getting to be 
sectional. Butl said it then, and I believed It; and 
I' would not be great ways off now if I were to 
I think they are all good men now; but 
I think they have got excited, and are a little dis- 
posed to give up the doctrines that they mnin- 
[f' they think they were wrong, I 
tained then. 
commend them for giving them up. 
I do not think there is a doctrine in our plat* 
forn) that is subject to any just criticism; not one. 
Now, why should we give it up? 
It says that 
we mean to protect the States in their rights, and 
especially the right to regulate their own institu- 
tiorns• in their own way. We polled nearly two 
million votcs, and these voters stand pledged to 
that doctrine. The Senator from Illinois received 
twelve or thirteen hundred thousand. Certainly 
they stand pledged to it, and against this doctrme 
of Interfering for the purpose of protecting slave 
property in the Territories. There arc three mil- 
lion three hundred thousand voters opposed to any 
such intcrference. They are all against it. 
consider Mr. Bell's vote just as much on the Rc- 
publican side as I do Mr. Lincoln 's. 
I count 
anybody who voted against the other candidate. 
I wanted our voters, where they could help Bell, 
to vote for him. That was my feeling. 
I think 
him an honorable, high-minded, and good man; 
and so I may say of the other candidate; but I 
do not believe he could have got three hundred 
thousand votes in this country upon the secession 
doctrine. Out of four million six hundred thou- 
sand voles, he could not have three hundred 
thousand in the country upon t 1is secession plat* 
form, in my deliberate judgment. He did not get 
morc than one sixth of the votes as it was. A II 
the rest of the candidates were diametrically op- 
posed to this doctrine. Those six hundred thou- 
sand now come here and demand that all the others 
shall throw up their platform, and break the Con- 
stitution, in order to appease them. 
r l'hat is just the doctrine, as I see it. That is i 
the logic of these facts; APd I cannot get anything 
else out of them. 1 ask the Senator from Ken- 
tucky, if that is fair? He would not do it. He 
and I will do anything that is right; but there is 
no propriety in denouncincr a great party that can 
poll a million votes and more. Men have prin- 
•ciples, feelings, love of country, and they will not 
be outraged by the surrender of their doctrines. 
We cannot make our people do it. I might get 
along with them if I could get home; I would talk 
as well as I could to them; but they would be 
mortified and chagrined at a surrender of principle. 
I should like to make a conøt•cssional declara- 
tron, if it is needed—and such declarations go a 
great way—and Ict every man put his name on the 
call of the yeas and nays in favor of it, assuring 
the disquieted people of this country that they are 
safe in our hands; that we mean to protect them 
in their rights; that we mean to do everything 
that brothers ought to do to brothers. I Will vote 
forsuchadeclaration. I will do anything that I can 
to appease these feelings that so agitate the coun- 
try, and even agree to alter the Constitution to do 
it, if you do not put so many things in it. But 
I would not undertake now to road these resolu- 
tions through, and find out exactly their positions 
in a fortnight. I want to think ofa thing as much 
as a week after I have read it, to see how it is 
coming out, before I am willing to speak on it. 
The time has been when I could get up here at 
will and speak better, without knowing much 
about the subject; give free vent to my feelings, 
and go it at large. [Laughter.] But I am old 
enough to know it is the easiest thing in the world 
to be mistaken. I would now rather look it over 
awhile. I hope I have some reputation for speak- 
ing pretty nearly what I think, after I do look it 
over; and do not ".vant to Iosc it. 
I have bcen told that there wcrc propositions 
here that would satisfy some of the old thirteen 
I cannot help having a little more regard 
States. 
I do not want Georgia to leave us. I 
for them. 
do nat want South Carolina to leave us. As to 
one or two of the " bougllten " States, I do not 
believe we shall miss them much, anyhow. 'I'hcy 
cost us ten times as much as they are worth, and 
if they went to-morrow, it would not worry me 
as much as it would to lose one of the old thirteen, 
in which I have lived. 
have lived under every 
Prcsident that ever I,vas clectcd in this country. 
They were pretty good men. I like the old thir- 
I do not want Georgia or South Carolina 
teen . 
to go out. I remember, when I talked about their 
banks in South Carolina, they complimented me 
very much ; and I received letters every day thank- 
ing me for defending them aoainst one of their 
Senators, who never meant t.o say anything about 
them; but they took the notion that he did. wish 
I could tall( to them about going outofthis Union. 
I would beg of them, plead With them, and im- 
plore them not to go. I would assure them that 
they should have always a comfortable berth in 
this country—better than they can get out of it. 
As to Georgia, I have strong personal reasons 
for loving that State. because I have lived in it; 
and i have ncver lived in any Stutc in which I 
was not well treated. Rhode island has great 
public reasons for loving Georgia. The soil of 
Georgia holds the ash'es of one of the noblest of 
our revolutionary worthies—a man who was sec- 
ond only to him who was peerless among men. 
We want that dust before Georgia goes out of 
this country. We want to place it in his native 
land, by his kindred. Let not that dust go out of ' 
the Unton. We want to bring it LO Rhode Islarid•, 
and when the last mornirv reveille shall beat, that 
shall summon his spirit to reanimatc that dust, 
let him rise, with the sainc flag waving over him 
that was borne by those grateful, mournful, and 
gallant Georgians when they laid him to rest. It 
was then, is now, and I trust ever shall be, the 
flag of the Union. [Applause in the galle•ries.] 
Mr. ANTHONY. isthequestionon theamend- 
ment ofün•ed by the Senator from New Hamp- 
shire? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. MAs0N 
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment 
offered by the Senator from New Hampshire as 
a substitute for the resolutions submitted by the 
Senator from Kentuckv. 
Mr. ANTHONY, Mr. President, shall vote 
for this amendment because believe it to be abF 
stractky true, and because I would much rather 
see the existing difficulties settled by a gcneral 
enforcement of the laws, and by a general obe- 
dience to them, than by changing the Constitu- 
tion to make it conform to any sectiohal or other 
dissatisfaction. Yet I would by no means have 
it understood that, by this vote, I commit myself 
against all measures, or what, in my judgment, 
may be any just and reasonable measure, intended 
to compose the present difficulties. 
It does not follow, because dissatisfaction is 
unreasonable, that it should not be appeased; 
especially does not this follow when the dissatis- 
faction is caused by persistent misrepresentation, 
which we may hope that time and reflection will 
correct. 
It is always with regret, and with distrust of 
my own judgment, that I diffcr from the distin- 
guished Senator from Kentucky. Particularly do 
1 regret am unable to agree with him in a 
measure which he brings forward to settle the 
difficulties which agritate and imperil the country. 
Distinguished not more for his length of service 
than for the ability and patriotism with which 
that whole service has been illustrated, I had 
been taught, beforc I knew him, to regard him as 
the model of a statesman and a patriot; and my 
acquaintance with hin, not now short, has fully 
justified the opinion with which I approacl'ked 
i him. 
But, Mr. President, passing over other objec- 
tions, [ think there isa fatal defectin any attempt 
to sett.le the territorial question by a constitutional 
i do not believe that any amend- 
amendment. 
ment that would be at all satisfactory to both sec- 
tions could secure the assent of three fourths of 
the States. Four States are already out of the 
Union, so far as t.heir own act can place them 
without it; three others are waiting irnpatiently 
for the forms of secession, which shall sever them 
from the flag of their country. Seven States would 
refuse even to consider a proposition of amend- 
ment to the Constitution. 'i'his would leave, in 
all the other States, but one to spare from a con- 
stitutional majority. To adopt an amendment to 
the Constitution requires the assent of twenty-five 
States; only twenty-six States would vote upon 
It cannot be presumed that, in the present 
it. 
i agitated condition of tlle country, the passions of 
men collld calm down, and the mindS of men 
could bo brought together with such unanimity, 
that all the States but one would render their as- 
sent to •any proposition for scaling the question 
that has so long and so bitterly divided them. 
i might refer to other objections. Even if the 
measure should be passed immediately through 
the Senate, and should receive the prompt assent 
of the House—a very doubtful contingency—thcrc 
is not time, in the Atlantic States, before the 41h 
of March, to pass upon it with the deliberation 
duc to so grave a matter. 
In the Pacific States, 
the assent of one of which would bc necessary to 
its adoption, the vote certainly could not be taken 
and the, result transmitted here within that time. 
I think, also, that the provision which makes this 
amendment applicable to all territory hereafter 
I acquired, will be regarded all over the North as 
an invitation to fillibusterism and a provocation 
to war with Mexico. I know it was not so in- 
tended by the Senator who proposed it, nor by 
his colleague who accepted it; but such would be 
the opinion of its practical effect, and in that ap- 
prehension I confess I should largely share. 
But, regarding the primary objection which I 
have stated as sumcient to control my vote, 1 do 
not care to discuss the others. 
1 believe, Mr. 
President, that if the danger which menaces us is 
to be avoided at all, it must be by legislation; 
which is more ready, more certain, and more likely 
to be satisfactory, than constitutional amendment. 
T hc main difficulty is the territorial question. The 
demand of the Senators on the other side of the 
Chamber, and of those whom they represent, is 
that the territory south of the line of the Missouri 
compromise shall be open to their peculiar prop- 
erty. Ali this territory, except the Indian reser- 
vation, is within the limits of New Mexico; which, 
for a part of its northern boundary, runs up two 
degrees above that line. This is now a slave Ter- 
ritory; made-so by territorial legislation; and sla- 
very exists there, recognized and protected. Now, 
I am willing, as soon as Kansas can be. admitted, 
to vote for the •admission of New Mexico as a 
State, with such constitution as the people may 
adopt, 
This disposes of all the territory that is adapted 
