410 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 16, 
tor from California, and I am willing to withdraw 
it for the Senator from Vcrmqnt; but the Sena- 
tor certainly perceives that this arrangement of 
orders really amounts to nothing. If it is the 
wilf of the Senate to take up his bill to-morrow, 
it can be done; and I suggest to him that nothing 
is gained by making it a special order, except 
simply that the Cliair is required to call up the 
the bill at a particular hour. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Let me make the order. 
Mr. BIGLER. I have no objections to fixing 
it for a certain time. 
Mr. COLLAMER, I understand the gentle- 
man to withdraw his motion. 
Mr. 1*tGLER. the present. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
state to the Senator from Vermont, that that mo- 
tion being withdrawn, the Pacific railroad bill is 
now before the Senate, and some disposition rnust 
be made of it before the motion of thc Senator can 
be entertained. 
Mr. GWIN. willing that that bill shall 
bc laid aside until the Senator can submit his 
motion to make the Kansas bill the special order 
for a future day. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By 
consent, the bill now before the Senate may be 
laid aside, none objecting, for the purpose of that 
motion. 
It is so understood by the Senate. 
ADMISSION OF KANSAS. 
Mr. COLLAMER. I now mova that the bill 
(H. R. No. 23) for the admission of Kansas into 
the Union be taken up. 
The, motion was am•ced to; and the Senate, as 
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid- 
cration of tho bill. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 that it be made 
the special order for Friday next, at one o'clock. 
T.he motion was agreed to. 
EXECUTIVE SESSION. 
Mr. GWIN. Now, as 1 understand, 
cific railroad bill is beföre the Senate, and will _be 
the unfinished business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill is 
now before the Senate. 
Mr. BIGLER. i renew thc motion for nn ex- 
ecutivc session. 
'l'hc motion was u«rreed to; and thc Senate pro- 
ceeded to the consideration of executive business; 
and after some time spent therein, the doors were 
reopened. 
COMMITTEE SERVICE. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 move that Vice President 
bc authorized to appoint a zne:nber of the Corn- 
illittee on Commerce, in place of the Senator from 
Alabtunn, [Mr. CLAY.] 
'I'hc motion was a«rrecd to by unanimous con- 
SLAVERY QUESTION. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 the unanimous con- 
Senate to have 'h y vote recorded in 
opposition to tho a In end Eller) t. of the Senator from 
INcw .Ha psh ire [M.r. C, LA R K] to the ioint reso- 
lution of the Senator from Kentucky Ci\.'lt•. CRIT- 
TENDEN] arncndrnents to the Constitu- 
tion, I l,vas called out for an instant illto the anto- 
room, and deprived of the opportunity of votino•. 
I thereforc Inake the request that no y vote may 
now be recorded. 
Mr. COLLAMF,R and others objected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (LV1r. F00T. in 
the chair. 
• ) (_)bjection beino• made to the request 
Of the Senator Illinois, it cannot be granted. 
Mr. CAMERON. I move to rec.onsider the 
vote by which the amendlnentof the Senator from 
Ncw Hampshire was adopted. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion 
will bc entered. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 move that the Senate 
ad journ . 
'Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 desire to suggest that 
the motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania can- 
not he made properly at. t.his stace. 
His motion 
cannot be entertained until the vote disposing of I 
the resolutions shall have been reconsidered. Ac- . 
cording to the uniform practice, you can only 
move to reconsider the last vote taken on a bill; 
and then, if that is reconsidered, you can makea I 
motion to rcconsidcz• any previous action on the 
bill; but I do not understand that you can skip 
over' subsequent action and go back to former i 
action,andreconsiderthat. These resolutions were 
laid on the table by a vote of the Senate, and I 
submit that the motion must be to fcconsider the 
vote laying them on the table, so as to •et them 
before the Senate; and then I apprehend, and not 
till then, could a motion be made to reconsider 
the vote by which tho aunendment was adopted. 
It seems go me that this is the only way to reach it. 
Mr. HALE. to a question of order. A 
motion to adjourn was made, and it has not been 
withdrawn, and it is not debatable. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
understood the motion to adjourn to be with- 
drawn. 
Mr. HALE. The Senator who made it told 
me it had not been. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 made the motion. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. But you wore not recocr 
nized. 
Spring Hill to that of the United States; when the 
Speaker signed the same. 
coblMITTEE OF THIRTY-TIIREE. 
Mr. BURCH. I ask leave to submit a minority 
report from the committee of thirty-three, and ask 
that it be printed together with the majority report. 
If, was so ordered. 
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE. 
A message was received from tbc Senate by 
Mr. HICKEY, one of their clerks, informing the 
House that the Senate have agreed to the amend- 
ment of the House to the bill (S. No. 97) to au- 
I thorize the institution of a suic aoainst the Uni- 
i ted States to test the title to lots numbered five 
and six in the Hospital Square, in San Francisco; 
also, that the Senate had passed a bill of the House 
for the relief of Franklin Torey; and also, that the 
Senate had passed a bill (No. 539) to continue in 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question force an act therein mentioned, relating 10 the port 
I of Baltimore; in which he was directed to ask the 
is on the motion to adjourn. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. hope that motion will not 
be persisted in. 
If it is, I shall ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 do not insist on it; 1 
thought we were through with business; but I am 
willihg that the Senate shall take its course. 
1 
withdraw the motion. 
Mr. CAMERON. By consent of the Senator 
from Illinois, I will vary my motion. 
I believe 
it is always in order to give notice that you intend 
to move a reconsideration, and I will so vary it 
as to do that. That meets my object just as well 
as the other courxe. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the sen- 
concurrence of the House. 
RESOLUTIONS OF THE 01110 LEGISLATURE. 
Mr. COX. I ask leave to present a series of 
resolutions passed, as I understand, by the Legis- 
lature of the State of Ohio, in regard to the present 
condition of the country. They were passed unan- 
imously the day before yesterday. I will only add 
here, sn•, that the resolutions are in favor of car- 
ryinff out the Constitution and the laws. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. What is in them ? 
Mr. COX. They affrm the views set out in 
In y speech here the other day. 
I wish to say a word herc in regard to those 
ator from Pennsylvanra withdraw the motion to rmnarks of mine; as I had no opportunity yester- 
reconsider the vote adopting the amendment of I 
the Senator from New Hampshire? 
Mr. SUMNER. 1 would suggest to the sen- 
ator from Penrisylvania that hc must move first 
to reconsider the last vote, that is, the vote to lay 
on table; and then move to reconsider the 
next vote a fun-wa rds. 
Mr. CAMERON. I am very much to 
all In y friends their su o•crestions, but [ think 
I understand the subject; and I now give notice 
that I intend to move the reconsideration of the 
votc adopting the amendment to the resolutions. 
I think that. perfectly in order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de- 
sires to understand the Senator from Pennsylva- 
nia. He wishes to know, in the first place, whether 
the Senator witl'ldraws the motion to reconsider 
tbc vote adopting the amendment of the Senator 
from New Hampshire. 
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir; 
that motion has 
been entered, and I have had you i' decision. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
un(lcrstands the Senator again to give notice that 
hc wilt make the motion hereafter. 
M.r. BIGLER. one moment. The Senator 
made a tnotion to reconsider the amendment. 
was contcndcd that, tloat could not bc done, be- 
cause a ni0tion had not becn made to reconsider 
the vote disposing of the resolutions. The Sen- 
atop's motion to reconsider the amendment was 
entered. That, I hold, could be entered; but it 
could not be considered without the resolutions 
being first before the Senate. Now ho gives no- 
tice that hc will move to reconsider the vote dis- 
posing of the resolutions. 
Mr. CAMERON. That is it. 
Mr. BIGLER. That is perfec,tly in order. 
Mr. CAMERON. I have understood the Chair 
to decide that the motion was entered . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so 
decided. 
Mr CAMERON. Then that is all 1 have to 
do. 
Mr. HALE. move that the Senate adjourn. 
day of answering the speech of the gentleman frorn 
Texas, [Mr. REAGAN.] I think he perverted my 
views almost from the beginning to the end of 
his speech. 
If he reads my speech, and prop- 
erly ponders it, 
he will observe the mistake into 
which he fi±ll. He took up a remark madc by a 
colleague of minc [Mr. VALLANDIGHAM] in regard 
to the people of the Northwest carving their wav 
to the sea and the Gulf with the sword. 'I'ho 
gentleman from Texas attributed that romark to 
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. MCCLERNAND] 
and n-tyself, and predicated tbc peculiar speech 
which he made upon that idea, on which ho at.- 
tacked the gentleman ftorn Illinois and myself. I 
do not know whether the gentleman from Texas 
is present; but I have to say this as to that at- 
tack: every mernber of this House knows very 
••.vell the position of my colleague, [Mr. V ALLAN- 
DIGILAM.] They know that he docs not favor 
coercion. Yet on a remark Inade by Mr. VAL- 
LANDIGIIAM, and not by myself, the attack of the 
gentleman from Texas was hurled against the 
member from Illinois and myself. The position 
that I took was simply this: that Ibo President 
should be sustained. Hc acted on the defensive, 
not on the acycrressive. The aggression camc from 
the other side. That is the position which the 
Legislatut•c of the State of Ohio, composed of 
both Republicans and Democrats, take in these 
resolutions. 
Indeed, that is the position of nearly 
cvcry northern Democrat on this floor, us '.vill be 
seen by votes during this scssion. 
Mr. VANDEVELR. 1 rise to a point of order. 
This debate is not in order. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask that the resolutions 
be read . 
Mr. CRAWFORD. The pur- 
sued with resolutions presented from State Legis- 
latures, has been to have them laid on the table 
and ordered to be printed. 
I have no objection 
to that course being pursued with these resolu- 
tions. But I do not see why the time of the House 
should be taken up witlfreading these resolutions. 
I therefore submit the motion that the resolutions 
T hc motion was agreed to; the Senate be laid on the table, and ordered to be printed, ag 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
WEDNESDAY, Jan•uary 16, 1861. 
T hc House met at twelve o'cloclc, m. 
has been done with all the other State resolutions 
that have been presented. 
Mr. COX. I desire to say, m connection with 
these resolutions, that the Legislature of Ohio has 
already begun the work of conciliation. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo- 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
tion to lay the resolutions on the table, and order 
them to be printed. 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION. 
Mr. COX. Why should they not be read? 
Mr. DAVIDSON, from Committee on En- 
Mr. MORRIS, 0? Pennsylvania. 1 hope that 
rollcd Bills, reported as truly enrolled, joint reso- 
the resolutions to be voted on will be allowed to 
lution (H. R. No. 55) authorizing the Secretary ! be read. 
of the Treasury to change the name of the schooner Mr. SHERMAN, We have a right to have 
