1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
them read. There is a motion to lay them on the 
table; and any member can demand that they 
shall be read. 
lithe SPEAKER. The resolutions will be read. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 did notundcrstand the 
remark made by the gentleman froni Ohio just 
now. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 said that, before mem- 
bers could be required to vote upon the motion 
to lav the resolution on the table, it is their right 
to hdve• them read. 
It is not usually insisted on; 
but these resolutions are so short, that i think 
there can be no objection to their being read. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. only desire that these 
more, nothi1V less. 
The resolutions were read, and arc as follows: 
" ] . 'I'hat the people of Ohio, believing that the preser- 
vatinti of the unity of Goverruncnt that constitute(l the 
American peop}c one people, is essential to the support of 
their tranquillity at home, of their peace abroad, of their 
saü:ty, of thcir prospcrity, and of that very liberty which 
they so highly prize, arc firrnly and ardently attached to 
the national Constitution and the Union of the States. 
'I'ljat the General Govcrnnnent cannot permit the 
secession of any State without violating the obligations by 
which it is bound, under the cmnpact, to the other States 
and to every citizen of the United States. 
3. 'I'hat while tbc constitutional rights of cvery State 
in the Union should he preserved inviolate, the powers aud 
authority ot' tlrc national Govcrnmeut must be Inaintained, 
and the laws ofCongress fåithfully cntörced, in cvery State 
and 'l'erritöry, until repealed by Congress or adjudged to 
be unconstitutional by the proper judicial tribunal : and alt 
attunpts by State authorities to nullify the..Congti1ü1i0i1 of 
the United States or the laws 01' the Federal Govern:nent, 
or to resist the execution thereof, are in their 
charactcr, and tend to the disruption of the best and wisest 
system of governrnent ot- the world. 
4. That the people of Ohio are inflexibly opposed to in- . 
ternrcddling with the int.'- rnal affairs and relat ions 
of oth(.n• Slates or the Union 
in the stunc rnanner 
and to 
the s,-unc extent as they are opposed to any by 
the people or other States with their (Ioneegtic concerns. 
"5. 'I'hat it is the will and purpose of the people of Ohio 
to t•tflfill, in good faith, all their obligations under the Con- 
etitution of Ibe United States, according to the spirit and 
intent thereof; and they dcnnall(l thc ihitbt•ul dischargc of 
the sarn(' duty by every State in the Union : 
and thus, as lar 
as inay Lie, to insure tranquillity between tbc Statc of Ohio 
and the other States. 
"6. That it is incun)bent upon any States having enact- 
mcnts on their statute-books eonfiicting with or rendering 
less etücient tl)e Constitution or laws of' the United States, 
to repeal. then) ; and it is equally incurnbent upon the Gen- 
era) Govern:nent and !.he several States to secure to every 
citizen of Lhe Union his rights in everv State under that 
provision of tho Constitution which guarantees to the citi- 
zens of each Statc all the privileges aud inununities of' the 
citizens in the several States, ana thus inspire and restore 
confidence and a spirit of fraternal feeling between the dill 
ferent States ot• the Union. 
"7. '[that the Union-loving eit.izcns of those States WII() 
have labored, and still 
labor, willi devotional couragc and 
patriotisrn, to withhold their States the vortex o? seces- 
sion, are entitled to the gratitude of the whole American 
people. 
"8. That we hail with joy the recent firm, dignified, and 
patriotic rnessage of the. President ot• the United States, 
and that the entire power and resources ot• Ohio are hereby 
pled"cd, whenever nccessary and (lc:nanded tll@ loaitl- 
ten ance, under strict subord ination to the civil authority, 
ot• 1.110 Constitution aud laws of the General Govcrnnnent, 
by •,vhornsoever adrninistered. 
be requeste(t to forward, forth- 
'I'hat the Governor 
with, copies of the t•oreooinrv resolutions to the President 
of the nation, and t.() the Governors of an the States of the 
Union, and to. each of thc Senators and Reprcsentativcs ill 
Congress f'rom this State, to be by then) presented to cach 
branch of the national Legislature." 
Mr. COX. I wish to say but one word in rc- 
lation to these resolutions. 'I'hcy yero not only 
passed unanimously, both parties concurring, but 
the Legislature has already begun the work of 
conciliation. By the action of one of the Houses 
—the lower I-louse—the fätal stab has already 
been given to the personal liberty bill, so called, 
passed at the last session of the Legislature by the 
Senate. And I am assured by one of the promi- 
nent members of that body, that the work will go 
on until every act of legislation of that Statc which 
can be urged as obnoxious to gentlernen of the 
South shall be wiped out, and full provision madc 
for the execution of all the Federal laws of the 
Union. 
Mr. HINDMAN rose. 
Mr. SHERMAN. This motion to lay on the 
I object to further debate. 
table is not debatable. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 proposcd to ask a 
question; which i suppose I have the right to do. 
There is one of these resolutions which, as I un• 
derstood it from the reading of the Clerk, was in 
relation to the citizcns of all the States being en- 
titled to the same privileges as the citizens of any 
I ask the Clerk again to read that 
of the States. 
resolution. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
That it is incumbent upon any States having enact- 
ments on their statute-books conflicting with or renderino 
less efficient the Constitution or laws of the United States, 
to repeal t.henl ; and it is equally incutnbent upon the •Gen- 
eval Govennncut and the several States to secure to every 
citizen ot• the Union his rights in every State, under that 
provision of the C.onetitution which guaranties to the citi- 
zens of each State all the privileges and iminunities of' the 
ns in the several States; and thus inspire and restore 
confidence and a spirit of fraternal feeling between the dif- 
fermkt States of the Union." 
Mr. HINDMAN. Now I wish to ask thegentlc- 
man from Ohio if it is intended, by the latter clause 
of that resolution, to continue th is work of concilia- 
tion to the extent of allowing southern mcn with 
their slavc property to pass through the State of 
Ohio, and temporarily sojourn there, without 
being robbed of their property ? 
Mr. COX. It is certainly not my province to 
answer that question. The language of the res- 
olution to which the gentleman refers is almost 
identical with that ofa provision of the Constitu- 
tion. I havc merely called attention to these res- 
olutions to show the sentirncnts which pervade 
all parties in Ohio, giving assurance that full jus- 
tie.c will be done. 
Mr. BURNETT. Iwould like to know of the 
gentlelnan from Ohio whether, in the measures 
of pacification the Ohio Legislature is inaugurat- 
ing, they have initiated any provision for punish- 
ing thc Governor of that State for refusinff to 
dclivcr up the trien who stole our negroes? 
Mr. COX. I think the laws they already have 
upon that subject are sufficient. 
REGISTER OF VESSEL. 
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 ask the consent of the 
House to takc up and pass Scnate joint resolution 
(No. 57) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas- 
ury to permit the owners of the steamboat John 
C. Frémont to change the name of the same to 
Horizon. 
Mr. DAWES. 1 object. 
PUBLIC PROPERTY IN SOUTH. 
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 now call up the resolu- 
tion of whicl') I gave notice several days ago; and 
I call tbc previous question upon it. 
The resolution is as follows: 
Rcsob:ed, That t_he Secretary the Interior be requested 
to cmnxnunicate to this House copies of all deeds made by 
tbc several southern States to the United States lör land to 
bc used tor forts, arsenals, dock-yards, navy-yards, cust01n- 
houses, post oiliees, hospitals, and other public buildings, 
froun the cotn:nencement of the Government to the 1st day 
of Januarv, 1861. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 objected to that resolution 
when the gentleman sought to introduce it several 
dayB ago; and I object now. 
rv[t•. CLEMENS. I gave notice some three 
days ago of' this resolution. 
I suppose I am en- 
titled to call it now'. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can intro- 
duce it only by unanimous consent. 
WATROUS CASIO. 
Mr. JOHN 1-1. REYNOLDS. 1 ask the unan- 
ilnous consent of the House, to introduce the fol- 
lowinry resolution: 
Reso!ncd, 'i'hat the consideration of the report of the 
Connnittee 011 the Judiciary, in the case, of John C. Wat- 
, district indgc of the Unite(l States for the eastern dis- 
triet of 'I'exas, the special order of the day Ibr the first 
'I'hnrsday in February next innnediately alter the expiration 
of the inorniucr nou r, and that the san:e continue, froxn day 
to day. until it shall bc disposed of. 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 object. 
Mr. SHERIV.IAN. 1 move that the rules be 
suspended ; and that the House resolve itself int.o , 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union. 
BORDER STATES RESOLUTIONS. 
Mr. BRIGGS. I ask the gentleman to give 
way for nae to present a memorial. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will not object to any 
thing that will •come in by unanimous consent. 
Mr. BRIGGS. lholdinmy hand a memorial 
numerously signed by citizens of New York, 
praying Congress to adopt the propositions em- 
bodied in the resolutions proposed by the gentle- 
nla.n from Tennessee [LMr. ETHERIDGE] in this 
TENNESSEE IMPROVEMBNTS. 
Mr. QU ARLES. I ask consent •to introduce 
a bill of merely local interest, to which , I-.pre'sanie, 
no objection will be made. 
It is a bill to declare 
certain railroad bridges across the Cumberland 
and Tennessee. rivers post roads. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I must 
ject to that bill. 
It is one which may havc -the 
efiict of obstructing the navigation of these rivers, 
and one in which my constituents have a deep 
interest. 
Mr. QU ARLES. I only propose to refer it to 
a committee. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 0biect. 
Mr. QUARLES. Then 1 raise the 
of order that it is too late for the gentleman to 
I have introduced the bill, and it has 
received its first reading. 
The SPEAKER. The first reading of a bill 
is always for information, to enable the House to 
understand what it is. The Chair, therefore, 
thinks the objection of the gentleman c*lne in 
time. 
LOUISIANA LAND CLAIMS. 
Mr. BLAIR, by unanimous consent, from the 
Committee on Private Land Claims, reported 
back a bill (H. R. No. 871) authorizing floats to 
issue in satisfaction of claims against the United 
States for lands sold by them within the Los Or- 
migas and La Hana grants, in the State of. Loui- 
siana; which •was referred to a Committee of the 
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re- 
port, ordered to be printed. 
MAIL SERVICE. 
Mre HOOPER, by unanimous consent, pre- 
sented memorials of the Legislative Assembly of 
Utah Territory, for the establishment of a daily 
mail service from Omaha, Nebraska Territory, 
via Great Salt Lake City to Sacramento, Cutli- 
fornia, and semi-weekly mail service from Fill- 
rnore to Los Angelos, California; which were 
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and 
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed. 
ARMY BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now ask for a vote upon 
my motion to go into committee. 
The motion was agreed to. 
The House accordingly resolved itself into the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, 
(Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, in the chair,) and 
resumed the consideration of the Army appro- 
priation bill, upon which Mr. GARNETT was 
entitled to the floor. 
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Chairman, on the first 
day of this session, the House ordered the ap- 
porntment ofa committee, 10 be composed of one 
Incmber from each State, to conster the alarm- 
ina• condition of the country. Since then, it has 
been contented to stand with folded arms and si- 
lent lips, whilo the flames of civil discord daily 
burnt more fiercely, though it has long since been 
apparent that the committee can do nothino• to 
arrest them. And when the history of these tunes 
comes to bc written, I think the stolid indifference 
of thc American House of Representatives to the 
dissolution of the American Union will be recorded 
as onc of their strangest phenomena. State after 
State secedes; and yet, though the minute guns 
successivelv announce that spar by spar, and tim- 
bcr by tilnber, the mighty ship gives way before. 
the storm, we still stand, like mere spectators on 
tbc shore, in helpless bewilderment. 
I think it 
time to address ourselves earnestly to the danger; 
not with ano•er, 01' bitterness, or exaggeration, but 
with a frank, truthful interchange of views, as- 
cendiDff above the horizon of party, as men upon 
whom + rovidcncc has cast the fearful responsibil- 
ities bclonginø to those exceptional occasions in a 
nation's lifö, which determine its destinies, and 
affect the course of the world 's history for gener- 
ations yet unborn. It is in this spirit, sir, that I 
ent(-n• the debate. 
He who traces back the present troubles only 
to the 6th day of November last, would be but a 
sha110',v observer. Their causes are to be found, 
not in the niece election of Lincoln and Hamlin, 
House, which are understood to be the sarne, in but in the fact which that election disclosed: 
principle, as those adopted by what is known as II this once equal Union of sovereign Republics had 
changed into the dominion of one section over 
the border State committee. 
another section, into which it. wag divided by dif- 
No objection being made, the memorial was 
received, laid on the table, and ordered to bc fercnces of character, of institutions, and in some 
sort of race, coinciding with a geographical line. 
printed. 
