412 
This revolution is not the less complctc, because, 
as in Rome under Augustus, the old forms and 
names of the Constitutiou are preserved. Such 
great historical changes are never sudden; nor is 
this an excepti0Yl. 
In years past, the anti-slavery party had, after 
many vicissitudes of fortune, broken down the 
great historic party of the Whigs, and the even 
stronger, though more ephemeral, organization of 
the Know Nothings; but now it has burst through 
the last line ofouédefenses, and, routing the Dem- 
ocratic forces, it has seized the scepter of Ameri- 
can empire—the object of its long ambition, of its 
patient toil. Under the nume of Republicans, it 
has obtained every electoral vote, except three, in 
the eighteen non-slaveholding States, against and 
over the unanimous voice of thc fifteen slavehold- 
ing States. Nor is its majority in electoral votes 
only. Its popular vote is one million cight hun- 
dred and thirty-onc thousand one hundred and 
sixty-eight, against one million five hundred and 
It has a 
seventy-four thousand and ninety-one. 
plurality of the popular vote in Orogon and Cali- 
fornia, and an absolute majority in every north- 
ern State this side of [hc Rocky Mountains except 
gallant New Jersey, where alone it was beaten. 
Nor is this strength a thing of yesterday—a sum- 
mer cloud which we may hope will pass away as 
rapidly as it gathered. Since the anti-slavery can- 
didate, Birney, received seven thousand and fifty- 
nine votes in 1840, each presidential election has 
shown a steady growth in the party vote, except 
in 1852, when it met an accidental and ternporary 
check. The intermediate State elections show the 
same progression. 
'This party, then, now culling itself Republican , 
has steadily advanced for many years, until it has 
gained possession of all the northern States, in 
every r.lepartmcnt ofthcir State governments, with 
It controls this I•lousc of 
very fcw exceptions. 
Representatives; and after the 4th of March tberc 
will be thirty avowed Repilblican Senators, be- 
sides two from Kansas, if udnnittcd—withill two 
of a major; ty of the 
02' live, as the case inn y be, 
Senate, were all the southern States still 
Union. Nor can there be a doubt that nothing 
but the acciden tal length of the terms of the rcrnain- 
ing six Democratic Senators from the North lire- 
vents our then seci:vr every northern State repre- 
sented by Republicans. It cannot be Iono before 
the entitc legislative as well as the executive dc- 
part nient of the Federal is in pos- 
session of this party, unless smne xnight,y changc 
occurs northern gentitnent.. Nor can wc expect 
such a change from ordinary causes; for schools, 
pulpits, and books, havo trained the northern mind 
to u stn•ong and fixed hostility to African slavery; 
and this is precisely the ('celli)g on which the Re- 
publican part fis Anti-slavcry: this is 
Its centroi idea, its vital principle, without which 
it nevcr could have eotne into beino•, and with(Hit 
is ils tower 
wh ich it, would now dissolve. 
c ngt 1, and it has flourished j u St. in propor- 
it 
tion ns It has been true 
V be grou ped p• f'() a-nd tnercen:t pies 
always attendant, on victory; the various Factions, 
pari it hopes 
each wit-I) its individ t.lal 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 16, 
another class that does not look upon it as a wrong. . 'l'he 
sentiment that contemplates the institution of Slavery in 
this country as a wrong, is the sentil»ent of the Republican 
It is the sentiment around which all their actions, 
patty. 
all their arguments, circle; frorn which all their proposi- 
tioris radiate. Thev look upon it as being a moral, social, 
and political wrona•." 
" They in- 
sist that it should, us far as may be, be treated as a wronn • 
and one of the methods of treating it as a wrong, is to make 
provision that it Shau grow no larger. 'I'hey ajso desire a 
policy that looks to a Ocaceful end of slavery at some time, 
as beinc wronn." 
The omcial platforms of the party confirm these 
It was first organized 
declarations of its leader. 
because no existing party made anti-slavery opin- 
ions a test in its nominations. The Abolition or 
Liberty party of 1840—44 was succeeded by the 
so-called " Free Democratic party," or Buffalo 
men of 1848—52. Meantime the Whig party had 
been dissolved by dissension between its north- 
ern and southern winms on this same question of 
slavery; and a like fate befell its successor—the 
American party. Its northern elements, uniting 
with this " Free Democracy" on the anti-slavery 
idea, cast over onc million throe hundred thousand 
votes, as Republicans, in 1856; and have now 
elected their President. Like every great party, 
it contains men of various shades of opinion, 
morc or less extreme; but, as in all such cases, 
the extreme men, those who carry the leading idea 
of the party to its logical consequences, and are 
truest to it, must ultimately govern and control 
the others. Even the most moderate arc determ- 
ined to prevent the extension of slavery into any 
Federal terri tory , because they considerit a moral, 
social, and political wrong and evil, which they 
are bound, to the extent of their power, to limit 
and discourage. As Mr. Lincoln says, any man 
" who does not think the institution of slavery 
wrong;" who docs not " desire a policy that looks 
to a peaceful end of slavery at some time, as be- 
ing wrong;" who does not " 
insist that it shall be 
treated as a wroncy," is " misplaced, and ought 
not to be Wilh the Republicans. 
it will bc admitted that it is impos- 
Now, sir, 
Sible for the people of any southern State to 
adopt these opinions without at the same time 
making np their minds to the emancipation, more 
or less speedy, of their slaves. In other words, it 
is impossible fbr any southern people to join thc 
Republican party without conunencing a total 
rcvolution in then• internal State polity ånd social 
organizatibn. Therefore -it is, sir, that we justly 
charge the Republicans with sectionalism. That 
surely is u sectional party, which the people in 
fifteen States of thc Union cannot join without 
committing themselves to a radical change in their 
State consiitutions, and a complete overthrow of 
the entire structure of their society. So long as 
there urc slaveholding Slates which mean to con- 
tinuc slaveholding States, so long must the dom- 
inulion of this party be the dominat.ion of the 
non-sluveholding over the slaveholding section. 
will enjoy all the of)icc.s arid honors 
o t' t be Confederacy, except such inferior places 
as tnay bc bestowed on tirnc-scrvers or traitors 
in tho South. The sectional majority will wield 
the entire of the Union, direct its forei.cn 
alliances, levy its taxes, hold tho keys of the 
to under the, its leader. II "Ih•casury, and the gates of war and peace—the 
But. the heart of' the party, activih 
proo•rcssive purse and the sword—corninand its armies and 
olerncut, which inte I-penetrates all o t,hers•, and 
molds and controls thein to its purpose; which 
gives it vigor in the fight, and rallies popular cn- 
thusiasm to its cause, is the an li-slavcry scn tunerlt. 
As Mr. SEWARD said: 
'I'be secret. of its lies in the, fact that it is a party 
of one idea ; 
but that idea is a noble one, an idea that fills 
and expands all gencrous souls—the idea of equality, the 
equa)ity ()t• all Inen 
betOre hutnan tri bun ills and II uman 
laws, as {hoy all aro equal before the I)ivine tribunal and 
I)ivinc laws." 
Yes, sir, the Republican party is madc up from 
the disbanded cohorts of the former Whig and 
American parties, and deserters from the Demo- 
cratic, brou:yht together by this onc connnon feei- 
iog. As M r. Lincoln himseifsaid, "the Republican 
party is made up of those who, as far as they can, 
peaceably •oppose the extension of slavery, and I 
w 110 will hope for its ultimate extinction.' 
made 
of strano•e, discordant, and 
even hostile elements, 
all fused and disciplined 
body by cninity• to slavery. More 
into one strono• 
emphatica]lv still, Mr. Lincoln says: 
. in this controversy—the one prcssina 
upon '*very mind—is the part of one ciass 
that looks upou tuc institution of slavery as a urong, and of 
navies, govern its Territories, and control its dos- 
'l'hc rainorit,y section wilk pay its taxes, 
! tinies. 
but direct neither their kind, their amount, nor 
will help to fight your 
their appro priation. 
battles, and to cxtcnd the boundaries of your 
confbdcracy; but yours will bc the sole gain, 
for ! he new territory will be appropriated by the 
majority section for its emigration arid settlement, 
and the new States whose stars appear in the con- 
stellation of the Union will do bornage to the 
institutions of that section, and bc so many 
pillars of its political supremacy. Meantime, the 
minority section will be in a minority more and 
more hopeless. Southern ci vi}ization wilt be wallcd 
in and isolated beyond hope of escapv, and the 
enortnous pressure of this huge Federal 
its patronage and power and moral influence, 
brought down on southern society to bring about 
the extinction of slavery. 
I think do not color the picture too highly. I I 
District of Columbia. I will admit, for the ar«u- 
ment's sake, that the Republican party is content 
to confine slavery within its present limits, and 
prevent its extension into any new territory. It 
necessarily follows that there can never be a new 
slåve State. Our present territory, over one mil- 
lion two hundred thousand square miles, is large 
enough for twenty States; and we must expect, 
moreover, large acquisitions from Mexico. The 
chief present, restraint on the lust of acquisition 
is sectional jealousy, and this would not bc felt 
Its ambition 
when one section is all-powerful 
would scarcely be checked by the cost, whether 
in blood or treasure, of wars and treaties whose 
fruits were to be exclusively its own; fårit would 
levy the greater part of the expense from the sub- 
ject and minority section. Mr. SEWARD, in the 
recent canvass, repeatedly foreshadowed this pol- 
icy of acquisition for the exclusive occupation of 
northern society. The time is not far distant 
when you would have three fourths of the States, 
and could amend the Constitution at pleasure. 
Bat the moderate Republicans tell us that they 
interfere with slavery only where they have the. 
power, because conscience commands the abate- 
ment of this wrong wherever the power exists. 
How then, when future extensions invest you 
with a power over the institution in the States 
themselves? That same conscience will not allow 
you to rest until you have taken measures for its 
ultimute extinction. You are eager for the day 
when you shall have filled up the western tern- 
tory with free States, and you may number the 
requisite three fourths. When, in 1820, you 
terdicted slavery in all the territory north of 360 
30', you simultaneously reduced the price of the 
public lands from two dollars to a dollar and a 
quarter, in order to sti mulate emigration and hasten 
the formation of new States. Now, when you 
think you have finally securcd all the Territories, 
present and future, you incorporate into your 
platform, as a principal measure of your party, 
the homestead bill. You invitc all the nations of' 
Europe to take possession of the Federal lands 
without cost; and by this donation you encour- 
ao•e and incrcasc to the utmost forciøn immigra- 
tion, already numbering annually more than 
enough for a new State every year. 
Meanwhile, the Republican party is necessarily 
confined to the non-sluveholding section; since 
as I have remarked, no slaveholding community 
can join iL without ultimately surrendering its in- 
stitutions. But how long can any people maintain 
a struggle which it feels daily more hopeless? 
How 1013g keep up its spirit under the degrading in- 
flnence of subjection to a Government from whose 
power and honors it is perpetually excluded? The 
strength of the defense, the spirit of resistance, 
would' gradually weaken. Ambitious and active 
tempers—some, allured by the power or distinc- 
lions otl')ers by the mere emoluments of ofiice— 
would first profess a policy of acquiescence, and 
then an adoption of those Republican principles 
which open the door to preferment. Anti-slavery 
doctrines and emancipation parties would appear in 
the slave Slates, and the dotninant and sectional 
party in the Federal Government would, of neces- 
sity, aid and strengthen them by its patronage and 
influence. Mcantime the dominant section, selfish 
as unchecked power must bc, would, by pro- 
tective tariffs and sectional expenditures, encour- 
age its own labor, and render the labor of the 
slaves comparatively worthless. Thus the insti- 
tution of slavery in the minority section would be 
localized and discouraged," to use the Repub- 
lican phrase. Undermined and weakened, and 
its defenders dispirited or divided, it would prob- 
ably give way, even before the increase in the 
number of the free States placed its constitutional 
defenses at their mercy. 
Thus far I have traced the results of Repub- 
lican rule, on the assumption that it is exercised 
by the most moderate members of the party. But 
such an assumpt.ion is contradicted by all history. 
Thc law of life in every party is fidelity to the 
I idea which gave it existence. If the leaders falter, 
I aspirants for place thrust them aside with profes- 
sions of more extreme opinions. The responsi- 
bility of power, it is true, moderates its possessors; 
will suppose that the so-called tnoderate wing of but in a popular Government, based on universal 
tho Repl_l blican party prevails in its councils. 
I suffrage, such moderation is short-lived. The 
wili suppose that no direct attack is made on the 
real power is in the popular masses, who feel 
sale of slaves between the States, or on slavery none of its responsibilities. At the North thc old 
. in the States, or even in the forts, navy:yards-, or l! Federalist leaven is widely diffused, and is espe- 
