1861. 
cial\y strong in the Republican ranks. Accus- 
tomed to construe the Constitution most liberally 
for power, they will perpetually press their Rep- 
resentatives to use it against what they deem the 
monstrous evil of slavery. They claim power 
to abolish it in the forts and the navy-yards, and 
to prohibit the sale of slaves between the States, 
or their transportation on the high seas; and ex- 
cited by victory,.and goaded on by a fanatical 
pulpit, this power will surely be used—used when 
the southern people, discouraged by subjection 
and diyided by patronage, are too weak to resist. 
The inevitable end is the emancipation of the 
African race at the South. When will this hap- 
pen? Thirty years hence, when the slaves num- 
ber cight million; or sixty years, when they are 
sixteen million; or ninety years, when their thir- 
ty-two million outnumber the present total pop- 
ulation of all the States? Be it when it may, (and 
the longer it is delayed the more numerous the 
slaves, the worse will be the consequences when 
it occurs,) the destruction of southern wealth and 
industry will be almost complete; for the exper- 
iment in the British West Indies has proved 
beyond controversy—what indeed well-införmed 
persons knew before—that the African will not 
work without compulsion. You may substitute 
the slavery of the law—bondage to the commu- 
lilty, a system of labor enforced and regulated by 
legal enactment—for slavery to individual mas- 
ters; but you will get not half work; and in de- 
stroying the persona] and hereditary tie between 
master and slave, you have destroyed not only that 
which makes the industry profitable, but still 
more, you have broken up the essential condition 
on which all that is humane or good in thc relation 
depends. I will notdilate on the incalculable loss to 
the North or to the world involved in the ruin of the 
cotton culture and southern comrnerce and indus- 
try. My interests are nearer home, where see a 
country oncc animated by peaceful industry, once 
blessed with happy homes, once advancing undcr 
the control of the white race, men proud of their 
position as peers of any under God 's heaven,—l 
see this country, its industry extinguished, its 
homes deserted by the rich, its fields overgrown 
by the thicket, and abandoned to the improvident 
laziness of the emancipated African, while the 
poorer class are left to reconcile themselves as 
best they may to social and political equality, 
and ultimate amalgamation with the free blacks. 
In one word, I see the southern States, I sec 
Virginia and her southern sisters and daughters, 
reduced to the condition of Jamaica and Hayti, 
and blotted from the roll of nations. 
I ask you, sir—I ask any fair man, whether 
from North or South—can we, ought we to ac- 
quiesce in this result? or shall we try to avert 
it while there is yet time? Yet this ruin is the 
legitimate, the inexorable consequence of acqui- 
esccnce in Republican rule, as I have shown. 
How can we avert the danger? Shall wc trust 
to a change in the northern 2üind ? 
But on what 
grounds shall we hope for such a change? A 
change means, really, not the merc overthrow of 
the Republican party, but in that anti-slavery 
sentiment which created it, and which would then 
create another in its stead, as MY. SEWARD truly 
said. 
Truth is mighty, and will prevail; but the truth 
is proverbially a slow traveler, and before you 
can hope to work such a change at the North by 
ordinary causes, the evil will have been done, and 
our ruin accomplished. Past history shows that 
the presen t working of our political machinery has 
been favorable to the growth of this anti•slavery 
power. Twenty-five years ago it was not toler- 
ated at the North itself; 
its public meetings wrere 
broken up by mobs; its printing ofiices burned 
down; and northern Governors recommended its 
repression bv legal enactment. How changed 
the scene nom.v, when it controls nearly every de- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI. 
419 
wise ? Or how can we hope to obtain even a hear- 
ing there? A fev-,r in the cities may listen to us; 
but the rural millions, how can we reach them ? 
The schools, the pulpits, and t.be press, all their 
literature and all their teachers, daily impress on 
their minds the impolicy and sinfulness of slavery. 
Some urge active measures to remedy this wrong; 
others -would separate the practice from the prin- 
ciplc—a caution not easily taught to a conscien- 
tious and active people of the Puritan stock. 
These sons of the Mayflower will never rest easy 
under a conviction of their neighbor's sins, with- 
outaggressive efforts for hiscompulsory sal vation. 
Mr. Calhoun, as long aeo as 1833, predicted 
that this anti-slavery töeling would dissolve all 
parties formed on other issues. And wereit pos- 
Sible to restore the old Whig and Democratic 
parties, the history of the last twenty•years would 
be repeated more quickly. rrhis consequence ne- 
cessarily results from the organization of political 
society at the North. 
In populous communities, 
where all are of the same race, and universal 
suffrage and apportionment of representation on 
mere numbers prevail, the Democracy necessarily 
becomes a government, or rather, a despotism of 
the numerical majority. There are many whohave 
to labor too severely for their daily subsistence 
to devote much attention to political affairs, or to 
acquire that training which. IS necessary to free- 
men for an intelligent judgment of the issues of 
the day. votes are controlled in great part 
by patronacye and money, directly or illdirect!y 
used. •W l')ore parties are nicely balanced, that 
will be successful which commands the largest 
influences of this corrupting kind. Hence party 
contests are chiefly fbr the spoi\s; and there. is a 
1858, of the whole population- ohe in every sixty« 
four was the inmate of an almShouse, and one 
every thirteen and a half in a condition to require 
relief from Government offcials. 
It 'must •have 
been to such governments that Mr. SÉWARD 
ferred when he said, in his recent Astor House. 
speech, that not a State could maintain its 
ization without the conservative influence of-tliå 
Federal Government. 
It is vain, therefore, to expect safety, from 'a: 
change of parties at the North. 
Still less is the remedy for our present troübles 
to be found in any mere legislation by Congress; 
or even in a repeal of the obnoxious personal -lib- 
erty statutes of the northern States, except it were 
evidence ofa change of opinion as to slavery. The 
present fugitive slave lav.' is stringent enough , •.vere 
the hearts of the people inclined to obey it. How 
far they are the contrary, the obnoxious personal 
liberty bills, the forcible rescue of Captured fugi- 
tives, the personal peril of masters who clann 
their property, and the continual retreat of slave 
population from the border line, where it is 
posed to increasing hazards, all witness. Nor etin; 
we hope for the peaecfal and regular return of our 
fugitives, or the suppression of organized con- 
spiracies to aid and stimulate their escape, so long 
as the northern heart and conscience are so deéply 
impressed with the anti-slavery idea. 
But, sir, I go further, and assert that it is not 
for the interest of either party 01' section to leave 
this question open. The continual struggle can- 
not longer be endured. It swallows up ail others; 
makes wise legislation on other subjects impos- 
siblc; paralyzes every department of the Govern- 
ment; and breeds hatred, overpowering in intens- 
constant tendency to increase the number of of- 
i ity, between the sections. For the interest oc 
both, it ought now to be finally settled. And for 
fices, the amount of expenditures, and contracts, 
and jobs—in one word, to swell the spoils. 
the South especially, it is neither safe nor honor-- 
this state of things, when a party appears like i able to depend for security on the mercy of the 
the original anti-slavery party, animated by fa- North, or the vicissitudes of party warfare. The' 
natical zeal for a single Idea, each of the great fiftccn southern States cannot safely or honorably 
divisions of the spoils parties of l)ccessity begins hold their four million African slaveS, their social 
to bid for its vote, and, instead of resisting, to and political institutions, by the forbearance of 
yield to its errors. Thus its pril)ciples are grad- 
ually diffused through the masses, until at last, 
adopted openly by one or anothcr of the regular 
parties, they conduct it to victory, and gain Ibr it 
the coveted spoils. Meantime, the educated and 
conservative classes, with a few honorable excep- 
tions, give way to an unfortunate, but natural 
disgust for political contests conducted by such 
low arts, and determincd by such unworthy 
means. They, the natural leaders of society, 
withdraw themselves from public affairs. They 
grumble at, but pay, the enormous taxes which 
support extravagant municipal and State expend- 
itures. They forget politics, e*cept on rare oc- 
casions, and are contented to accumulate wealth, 
to exhaust invention in new modes of luxury, or 
to indulge as dilettanti in art or literature. The 
vulgar concerns of Government are lefts fbl' the 
most part, to political intritrucrs, and corrupt cau- 
cuses, who control the rowdies and thc ignorant. 
How strikingly does every day's experience 
verify this reasoning! I-low different from the 
men of old is the race of men who now appear in 
our public councils! I-low inordinately have our 
expenditures increased! How little regard is 
shown, or even profössed, for the letter of the, 
Constitution! In fact, how few even know what 
it is! How corrupt is our Government in ITearly 
all its branches; and how little northern constitu- 
encies scem to care for it! Congress is reduced to 
the open shame of accusing and-oxpelling its own 
members for coi•ruption, to be reélected, however, 
soon after. Scarcely a claim is allowed, or an 
appropriation made, without the taint of suspicion ; 
the eighteen northern. 
thcrefore, that 
ihe people of the South have judged wisely, when 
they accept the recent election as proof that the 
time, long foreseen, has at last arrived, when, the 
machinery of partyehaving l)ccome impotent for 
their protection, 
they must look elsewhere for 
safety. And in pronouncing this judgment, I 
would say to our conservative friends at the 
North, whether of the I)emoeratic or Bell party, 
tl'lat we fully appreciate their gallant services In 
defönse of our rights under the Constitution. We 
admire their constancy under defeat, and their 
moral courao•e in boldly fighting' aTainst increas- 
ing odds; and we shall regret that our safety does 
not permit us to await the chances of other and 
future battles in conjunction with such noble allies. 
But we plainly see—and we are sui•e their own 
candor will admit—that the game would be too 
hazardous for such momen tous stakes. Even an 
I occasional party success would but delay for a 
short time the inevitable crisis now upon us; and 
it would then be likely to find us weakened, di- 
vided, and less able- to meet it. On the contrary, 
we beg them to see that it is the part of prudence 
to be timely bold, and now, once and forever, to 
remove these vexed and dangerous interests from 
the slippery arena of party strife. 
The public rnind, agtecino• x,vith these views, 
i is evidently disposed to seek a remedy in amend- 
ments to the Constitution, which would place the 
whole subject outside of Federal control. There 
are two kinds of amendment possible—the one, 
consisting of declarations that Congress shall or 
shall not exercise certain powers; the othero:nak. 
and the army militant of contract-jobbers and ing a new distribution of power between the 
office-seekers, in national conventions, make the 
Presidency itself almost as much a subject oftraflic 
as was the Roman empire in the days of Didius 
partment of Government, State and Federal; and Julianus. 
when conspiracies are formed foi the armed inva- A few years- since, in Wisconsin, Leæislaturc, 
Sion of sister States, and neither laws proposed 
nor indictments found to punish the conspirators ! 
Here is a change indeed, but a changc against, 
not for us—the only change, I fear, we can hope. 
I ask no bettor proof of the firm hold this anti- 
slavery feeling has ou the northern heart, than the 
recent disruption of the Democratic party, which 
was clearly due to the general aversion to slavery, 
and the determination that it shall not be extended 
to an V new territory. How could it be other- 
Governor, and judges, stood convicted of corrup- 
lion so universal, that there was nonc left to pun- 
ish it. The New York press, of all parties, is 
unanimous about ono thing only—the superlative 
corruption of their In unicipal government, and of 
their Legislature. But this u nanimous sentiment 
does not avail to change cither, for they are the 
governments of more numbers, working by uni- 
versa! suffrage in a cornmunity where, according 
to the official report Qf the Secretary of State, in 
sections. 
I do not look very hopeftllly on the former. 
For the most part, promises without the power 
to enforce their performance, are not worth müch. 
And if such amendments succeed in closing the 
controvcrsy on the issues now prominent, yet who 
can foresee the various. forms in which the anti- 
slavery feeling will make its future attacks? How 
can amendments of this character secure theSöüth 
effectually against the malign influences of the" 
patronage of the anti-slavery party?- How can 
they obtain for her a fair share in•thehonors, the 
influence, and the expansion of-our empire? Yet 
I do not commit myself ägainst a present settle- 
It is the part of practical 
ment on this basis. 
