416 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 16. 
that every day's experience -will show mope 
plainly that such is the surest and speediest way 
to reunion. Meantime other States—perhaps all 
the slaveholding States—may secede and join the 
southern confederacy. Virginia, for one, would 
desire a voice informing that confederacy in which 
her lot will be ultimately cast; but this would only 
define more cleari y what I have before indicated as 
the only proper basis for reconstruction—the re- 
cognition that this being now a Union of sections, 
cannot be safe or happy except as.a Union of equal 
sections—equal in rights and in the power of self- 
protection. What the final result would be; what 
form the new Union would assume; whether it 
would be a reconstruction with a single Federal 
Government, on the. principle of this, or whether 
it would be a league between separate confedera- 
cies, I know not. But this I know: that, like the 
•present Constitution, it would be the peaceful 
development of natural forces; it would be the 
logical sequence of causes and powers long pre- 
paring in history; and such I know has been the 
orioin of all permanent and great political organ- 
izations. 
For my part, when I imagine a northern and a 
sout.hern con (Z•deracy, the one composed of slave- 
holding, the other of the non-slaveholding States, 
each homogeneous; each with a complete and in- 
dependent government; cach with its own line of 
expansion and its own internal policy, and both 
united by a customs Union, by a postal treaty, and 
conventions regulate patents, coins, weights 
and measures, and by a defensive league aoainst 
all tho rest of the world, I see most, if not all, the 
advantages of our present system without any of 
its evils. You would have that: internal peace 
and free. trade; that unrestricted commerce and 
in tercoursc; that consolidated strength against for- 
eign foes, which this Constitution was designed 
to secure; and yet perfect independence would 
preverlt the possibility of or dissen- 
Sion on the interests of slavery, or thc recurrence 
of the distracting contentions it now excites. 
Would not such a system be prcförablc for all, 
to the present never-ending strife, to this forced 
Union of discordant sections, wh ich cannolo a '•yree. 
to live together except us rulers and subjects? 
would it not be a great advance In [hc 
Nay, sir, 
American idea of perfect self-government, which 
consists chiefly in so (leccntralizik)ff and dividing 
thc functions of government that each Shull be 
administered by those only who have the same 
interest in its exercise? 
e ilhe philosophic historian hereafter may remark 
that out' infant settlements remained under the 
British Crown so long as its power and influence 
in the world were needed to protect our title to the 
mighty wilderness against all foreign races, and 
wllile we were as yet too few and t-oo dispersed 
to unite among ourselves. He •will notice 
when our numbers and intelligence qualified us 
to undertake the guardianship of the continent 
which it was our providential mission to people, 
out' institutions assumed a new forin, and we 
proclaimed our independence,. and fÖrnocd our 
Union. The Constitution which our forefathers 
Before Mr. GARNETT had finished his remarks, 
his hour having expired, 
On motion of Mr. JENKINS, by unanimous 
consent, his time was extended five minutes. 
Mr. GURLEY obtained the floor. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Before my colleague pro- 
cee4s with his remarks, I desire to ascertain the 
sense of the House in reference to the termination 
of this debate. i propose that this general debate 
sl'lall terminate to-morrow night, and that on Fri- 
day the Army •bill shall be considered as a special 
order, under the five-minutes rule. 
Mr. BOCOCK. For the purpose of enabling 
me to form an opinion upon that proposition, i 
wish to ask whether there was not some agree- 
ment that when the report of the honorable gen- 
t]eman from Ohio [Mr. CORWINI came before the 
House, there should be an opportunity for debate 
upon it for a few days ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly. 
Mr. BOCOCK. Then I have no objection what- 
ever to tl)e proposition the chairman of the Com- 
mittcc of Ways and Means now makes. 
Mr. FLORENCE. The chairman of the Com- 
mittee of •ways and Means proposes to consider 
the Army bill on Friday. take it for granted 
•that we are not to have any consideration of the 
Private Calendar during the present session. Fri- 
day is objection day. We might proceed a good 
distance down the Calendar; and it does seem to 
me that we ought to devote that day to the pri- 
vate business of' the country. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands 
that Friday is not objection day. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is not Friday of this week 
objection day? We were told last Friday that 
that was not objection day. 
The CHAIRMAN. The rules make the first 
and thc fourth Fridays of cach month objection 
days; and as ncilher last Friday nor next Friday 
ccnnc within that rule, they are not objection 
days. 
No objection being made, it was agreed by the 
committee that general debate upon the Arno y bill 
close to-inorrow. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire to ask further, that 
when debate shall close, if I shall see fit to occupy 
the hour to which I an') entitled under the ru.es, 
it shall be considered that the same latitude of 
debate shall be, allowed as bcförc. 
A general assent was expressed. 
MF. GURLEY. Mr. Chairman, as 1 
do, from the most populous free Stale city in the 
West, whose commercial and moneyed interests 
are more strongly and generally interwoven with 
the interests of the South than any other; a city 
which casts nearly five thousand more votes than 
any in the valley of the Mississippi, I must re- 
gard it as a duty which I owe to my constituents 
xnadc for not quite four million people thir- 
teen Slates on the Atlantic slope, of l,vhich twelve 
were slaveholding, has organized and disciplined I 
the Anglo„Saxon host in its westward 
march, 
marking its successive encampments by the found- 
aüon of free and powerful Commo)'lwealths. He 
will not wonder that this wise instrument, first 
designed for a small and hotnogeneous people in 
their work of colonization through the wiiderneSs, 
is no longer sufficient the numcrons millions, 
the permanent occupants ofa vast continent, who, 
from one have grown into two peoples, with dif- 
fercnt social systen'l,s, different pursuits, and, from 
the immense foreign immigration at the North, 
to indicate in a few words to this body and the 
country, what are tlueir views ånd intentions in 
reference to the present crisis in our political 
{Fairs. 
Sir, for nearly a quarter of a century I have 
lived upon the very line of freedom and slavery, 
in or near a city from whence you can almost toss 
a stone to the Kentucky shore; and I must there- 
forc l.)elieve that I have a fair knowledge of, not 
only the political opinions of my own neighbor- 
hood, but of the ninc or ten million people west 
of the Alleghany mountains. And here, in pass- 
ing, I will take the liberty to say that, during the 
W'ho\e period of my residence the West, the 
inhabitants of Kentucky and Ohio, in the neigh- 
borhood of Cincinnati, have lived toøether in the 
most friendly intercourse; and, come what may, 
we mean that this state of things shali continue. 
Many of our young men have been so fortunate 
as to become the husbands of the fair daughters 
of Kentucky, while many of our young ladies 
different in race; and he will regard our pt:esent i I have made the hearts of Kentuckians more than I 
travail but as the painful birth of new organic 
thrice glad by consenting to become their brides; 
forms for nations to whom the old were no longer and if gentlemen here could only see the extraor- 
dinarily fine broods of rosy-chéeked and healthy 
adapted. And he will declare that, in following 
the natural law of our development, and convert- children which we raise upon either side of the 
incr a close into a looser fcdcratiou, our friendly river from thcsc happv umons, they would bc at 
relations were preserved, and a new career of no loss to realize the bond of friendship that unites 
progpeyit_y and power secured for either divis- us too•ether•, nor could they W'0f)der at the rmnark- 
ion of our race. Let not theirs be a contention able Increase of population in our fertile valley. 
with blood-stained arms, but a generous rivalry i 
Indeed, sir, truth compels me to say that such 
is the good understandil'lg of thc people in all that 
in the arts of peace; and there will open up for 
our name and racc a new order of the tuyes, and region, that if our citizens were to hear of a slave 
a new procession of American achievement and I insurrection on the opposite Bide of the river—of 
which, i am happy to say, there is no fear—en- 
dangering the lives of the mothers, wives, sisters, 
and daughters of that State, they would fly to 
their relief as they would to the rescue of' the 
inmates of a burning building in our own city. 
And what more signal evidence of the fraternal 
feeling between tho people of 'I'ennessee, Ken- 
tacky, and Ohio could be given than that furnished 
by the meeting of the legislators of those States 
last winter at Columbus, the capitol of my own 
State, where they addressed each other in words 
of warmest friendship? Surely if any political 
heresy existed in our State it must have bcen quite 
as apparent then as now. * But there was none 
against wl)ich the lawmakers of Kentucky and 
Tennessee protested. They met and rejoiced 
together like brothers dwelling together in uriity. 
Mr. Chairman, from the location of my county , 
it might be supposed that its people are among 
the most conservative of the free States; but 
whether they are so or not, one thing I do know: 
they arc for the Union, the Constitution, and the 
enforcelnent of the laws, at all hazards, and at 
any cost. At the same time, we are for render- 
ing justice to all sections of the Confederacy. 
We.are for the faithful execution of ail 'laws upon 
the national statute-book, and not for infringitv 
upon asinglc right of the southern people. Who 
does not know that their rights are as sacred to 
them as ours to us? And as to the subject of 
slavery, as it exists by State laws, they have it. 
It is a business that belongs exclusively to thern , 
not to us; let them takc care of it in their own 
way; hands off! That is all wc ask. 
But, sir, while affirming these facts, I must 
frankly add some rernarkg on another subject of 
great moment and peril, in reference to which we 
I refer, Mr. Chairman, to the 
are almost a unit. 
now boldly' preached doctrine of State secession 
—a doctrine so absurd to our minds that we aro 
of the opinion that it is a waste of time to seri- 
it is 
ously consider it. What is it? Why, sir, 
the wildest, the very wildest, phantasy of the 
nineteenth century. Who does not know that if 
one State can go out of the Union, so can two, 
or three, or haif a dozen, until we find ourselves 
with twenty or thirty potty sovereitrnqies, with 
clashing intereste, and waging each against the 
other a horrible internecil)e warfare. 
'l'o say that our fathers contemplated any such 
secession, with its necessary fruits of blood and 
carnage, is to cast the foulest slander upon their 
memories. 
It is suffcient for us to know that we live under 
the very Government which 
their wisdom and 
sagacity founded; the, best and freest in thc world. 
That it was established, not by States as States, 
but by the people of all the States. By them the 
Constitution was framed; and by them it was rat- 
ified, in conventions called for that purpose 
is enough to know that it is recognized by the 
whole world as one of the great political Powers 
of the earth; and that, as such, it contains all the 
elements of self-preservation. It is a Governinent 
of internal as well as external power; of law, of 
justice, of order, and supreme authority. It has 
the undisputed right to declare war, to make peace, 
and to do all things that a great nation may do in 
order to secure the peace and the happiness of its 
citizens, Ithas the right todefend itselfagainstfoes, 
whether they come from without or from within 
its borders; from traitors at home, and enemies 
abroad. Othcrsvise, sir, that glorious flag which 
now floats over our heads, and is regarded as the 
emblem of power everywhere, and the shield of 
our safety, would soon trail with dishonor in the 
dust. Who says that such a Government, one 
of the strongest political Powers of the world, 
shall be disrupted by and rebels in arms? 
Remember, ye who now seek its destruction, 
that it has stood up strongly, proudly, gloriously 
for more than seventy years, while the revolu- 
tions of the Old World have swept away more 
than adozen thrones. It has encountered tl'ie perils 
of war with a powerful forei«n nation, and sev- 
eral times grappled with rebellion at home, and in 
every conflict has come off more than victorious; 
and it will do it nov,z. 
Mach has been said aboutcompromises-in both 
Houses; but pray, what care. the rnen who have 
carried their States out of the Union in their way , 
and stolen United States property, about com- 
promises? Who does not know that they laugh 
and mock at the attempts made here and else. 
where to bring them back by some bargain or com- 
