1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
dinary remedy. Who could have imagined, sir. 
that in a free Government, where diversities of I 
opinion are inevitable, the election of a Chief 
agistrate peacefully and by a constitutional ma- 
jority, and before any act is committed or policy 
is announced, should furnish an excuse for over- 
turning the Govcrnmcnt, and that Government 
still the best, sir—infinitely, infinitely the best, 
upon which the beneficent smiles of the Father of 
mankind have ever rested? If it were possible, 
sir, to look at the question in a mere partisan 
light, I should complain with bitterness that our 
southern brethren, by whom we have stood so 
long and so faithfully, desert us, even while we 
still control the policy of the Government, while 
no act of the nation is the subject of complaint, 
and leave us to fight our battles alone. 
But, sir, why this precipitancy? Will our 
brethren of the South destroy the Government and 
involve us all in indiscriminate ruin, without even 
giving us an opportunity to consider the evils of 
which they complain. Are they less intcrested 
in its permanency than ourselves? For myself, 
sir, I wiil sacrifice. any pride of opinion to save 
the Union. I should reluctantly touch the Consti- 
tution—the work of the grand old master work- 
men. should reluctantly im pose restrictions on 
popular freedom in the Territories. I would con- 
sent to it, but only to save the Co•nfederacy. What 
sacrifice would I not make to save it? 
When I have stood , sir, upon one ofthosc beau- 
tiful hills that overhang the waters of the Ohio, 
and have taken in at a glancc the distant hills of 
Kentucky and Ohio, and of my own native State, 
descending in fertile valleys to the vcrgo of that 
noble river; and further off, the waters of the 
M.iami disappearing in the distance, and the whole 
scene covered with farm-houses and cornfields and 
ffrcen meadows and vineyards and rising villages 
and prosperous towns; while the tones of cheerful 
labor, in a thousand voices, swelled up and min- 
gled together, and God 's blessed sunlight gilded 
the whole landscape, I have thought of the dark- 
ness and agony of that hour when thc storm 
which our unhallowed passions have been arous- 
ing should sweep over the glorious prospect, a 
messenger of' ruin; when the sounds of industry 
and the cheerfui voices of childhood should no 
loncrer float on thc river, or its waves bear south- 
ward the fruits of the låbor of many prosperous 
States; butarmed men should march upon its des- 
oiated borders, the soundsofwarshould floatu 
its waves, reddening with fraternal blood; anc its 
bosom, instead of ihe peaceful keel, should bear 
the munitions of war, and the labor a'nd hopes of 
years become the prey of the spoiler. And I havé 
felt, sir, in my very soul, the value of this peace- 
fuj Union, and that that man who should contrib- 
utc to its destruction would be, of all mortals, from 
the flood to tho final fire, in the sight of God, the 
most guilty. 
I can speak for the patriotism of my immediate 
constituents; and I believe, sir, that I am able to 
express the sentiments of the Statc of Indiana. I 
'believe, sir, she would cheerfully sanction, as a 
measure of peace, the propositions of Judge DOUG- 
L AS, or those submitted to the country by the 
committee of the border States; and I have every 
reason to believe that an overwhelming majority 
of her people would sustain the propositions sub- 
mittcd to the Senate by the Senator from Kentucky, 
whose venerable years unite the past glories of 
the Republic with its present dishonor. She does 
not expect, sir, that this great Republic can be 
preserved , except by the exercise of the justice and 
wisdom and forbearance in which it was formed. 
The interests involved are too great to justify the 
mastery of prejudice or passion, or the supremacy 
of the mere pride of opinion. I believe, sir, that 
shc will conccdc and concede and concede, and 
compromise and compromise and cotnprmnise, to 
preserve the blessings of a peaceful IJnion; that 
shc will go to the very verge and utmost bound- 
ary of every demand which justice may make or 
honor may grant. She wili do morc, sir. She 
will entreat and implore her sister States, of the 
North and of the South, by a remembrance of 
our common orioin and thc ties of our common 
and kindred blood; by our common memories and 
our common hopes; by the graves of our fathers 
and the cradles of our cliildren; by the consider- 
ation of all that wo have been, of all that we are, 
and of all that we may be as a nation if the bless- 
ings of the Union shali continue, to forbear from 
the work of destruction. Yet, sir, she will never 
consent, by her voice, by her acts, or by her si- 
*ence, that this Union shall be destroyed. She 
will stand the more firmly by the altar of the com- 
mon Union as the storms may deepen around it. 
She will account that hand the hand of an enemy 
that shall be raised to tear down the temple of the 
Constitution. And if, sir, it shall involve her 
sense of justice and honor, and no other sacrifice 
will avail; if it must be, in its defense she will 
command her brave and hardy sons to dare the 
peril of perishing beneath its ruins. 
Butl cannot despair of the Republic. I would 
still believe, sir, and trust in God that the héart of 
the American people, North and South, though 
filled with the bitterness of passion, is still de- 
voted to the Union, and still glories in the flag of 
our common country, though its stars grow dim 
in the gathering darkness. 
I trust—though it 
is hoping against hope—that they will still say to 
the gallant ship that was läunched by our fathers 
on the ocean of human passions in the midst of 
so many hop-cs and fears: 
'Thou, too, sail on, O ship of State, 
Sail on ; O Union, strong great, 
Ilumanity, with All its fears, 
With an the hopes or future years, 
Is hanging breathless on thy iäte, 
In spit'é of rock and tenipcst roar, 
In spite of false lights on the shore. 
nor fear to breast the sea; 
Sail on ; 
Our hearts, our hopes, arc all with thce; 
Our hearts, our hopes, our prayers, our tears, 
Our faith triumphant o'er our fears, 
Are all with thee—are all with thee." 
May the Lord God of Our fathers shield the gal- 
lant old ship from the fiercc waves o? the impend- 
incr storm. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, 1 
have uniformly given my permission to gentle- 
men who were not able to conclude their speech 
within" the hour allowed by the rule to extend 
the time. As I apprehend that I may not be able 
to bring my remarks to a close within the hour, 
I ask that the same courtesy may be extended to 
me wl'lich I have been always ready to extcnd to 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If 
ing bc madc general, I will not object; otherwise, 
I shall object. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. so far as 1 am con- 
cerned,.l have, in every instance, tried to make it 
general. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 hope there will be no 
objection to the request of the gentleman from 
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 trust there will not be. 
hopc the committee will agree that there shall be 
no Procrustean rule by which gentlemen will be 
compelled to define, within one hour, their views 
on the great issues now pending. I trust that, by 
gencral consent, at least during this discussion, 
each member, who has any anxiety to express his 
convictions on this subject, will be allowed a rea- 
sonable time bcyond ihe hour to do it. As for 
111 ysclf, I have a disposition to eay something be- 
forc this debate closes; and I know [ can neither 
do justice to myself nor the subject within the 
I hope that, under these considerations, 
and for the sake of all sides, the hour rule will be 
suspended for the time boing at least. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 propose that by the unan- 
imous consent of the committee, the hour rulc be 
abolished for this session. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 to that. 
Mr. JENKINS. by unanimous 
conscnt, each gen tlernan shall hereafter be allowed 
ten minutes beyond the hour. 
The Cl-1A1üMAN. That. can only be done 
by unanimous consent. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, addressed the com- 
mittec on the slate of the Union. [His remarks 
will be published in the Appendix. I 
Mr. obtained the floor, but yielded to 
Mr. VALLAIN DIGHAM, who moved that the 
connuittec rise. 
The [notion was agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having 
resumed the chair, Mr. -WASHBURNE, of Illinois, 
i reported that the Committee of the •Whole on the 
state of the Union had had the Union generally 
under consideration, and particularly the bill mak- 
ing appropriati0Y)s for the support of the Army 
for the year ending June 30, 1862, and had come 
to no resolution thereon. 
PORT OF BALTIMORÉ. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask: the tunan• 
imous consent of the House to take from;• the 
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 539, to continue 
in force an act therein mentioned relating.to the 
port of Baltimore. 
The bill was read. 
Mr. SICKLES. I ask that the bill may agåin 
be read. I do not precisely understand it. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. If the gentleman 
from New York .wili listen to -me for a moment, 
I can sotisfy him in relation to this bill. 
simply to continue in force an old act .of the State 
of Maryland, which has been repeatedly renewed 
since 1783. It passed the Senate unanimously 
this morning, a-nd there can be no objection to it. 
There being no objection, the bill was taken 
up, received its several readings, and was passed. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, moved to recon- 
sider the vote by which the bill Was passed; and 
also rnoved to lay the motion to reconsider on' the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed t6. 
STEAMBOAT JOHN C. FRÉMONT. 
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 now desire to call up 
Senate resolution No. 57, authorizing the Secre- 
tary of the Treasury to permit the owners of the 
steamboat John C. Frémont to change the name 
of the same to that of Horizon. I will say that 
the gentleman who objected this morning has 
his objection. 
There being no objection, the joint resolution 
was taken up, received its several readings, and 
was passed. 
Mr. MOORHEAD moved to reconsider the 
vote by which the joint resolution was passed; 
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider 
on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
JOIIN MOSIIIER. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. ask the unanimous consent 
of the House to discharge the Committee of the 
Whole House from the further consideration of 
House bill No. 359, for the relief of the legal 
representatives of John Moshier; and that the 
same be put Oh its passage. 
The bitl was read. 
Mr. SICKLES obiocted. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. '1 hope not. It is a bill that 
ought to bo assed. 
Mr. SICI(LES, This is no way to pass bills, 
without having any report and without knowing 
what they are. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Let the report be read, then. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 have no objection to that. 1 
will withdraw, In y olfection, to hear the report.' 
Mr. VALLANDI&EIAM. 1 move that the 
Elousc adjourn. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 hope the gentleman wili 
permit this bill to be disposed of first. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 move that thé 
House adjourn. There is no quorumpresent; and 
I olfect to the transaction of business without. 
'I'{e motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at 
ten minutes past four o'clock, p. m.) the House 
adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
THURSDAY, January 17, 1861. 
Prayer by tbc Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Jou rnal of yesterday was read and apvroved. 
COMMITTEE. SERVICE. 
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. 
to fill the vacancy upon the Committee on Mili- 
tar y Affairs and Militia, occasioned by the ab- 
sence of Mr. CHESNUT. 
He also appointed Mr. NICHOLSON to fill the 
vacancy on tbe Committee on Commerce occa- 
sioned by the absence of Mr. CLAY 
CREDENTIALS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- 
ate a communication from the Governor of the 
State of Ohio, inclosing the credentials of Hon. 
Salmon P. Chase, elected a Senator by tlié Le- 
gislature of the State of Ohio, for the term of six 
years, from the 4th of March, 1861., 
The credentials wore read, apd placed on the 
files. 
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the credentials 
of Hon. LOT M. MORRILL, chosen by the Legis- 
