422 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 17, 
lature of the State of Maine a Senator from that 
State, to fill the vacancy occasioncd by thc resio•- 
nation of Hon. Hannibal Hamlin. 
The crcdcntials wcrc road; and the oath pre- 
scribed by law having been administered to Mf. 
MORRILL, hc took his seat in -thc Senate. 
PDTITION . 
M r. POW ELL presented the peti tion of Cha 
J. Heim, consul general ub Havana, praying addi- 
Lional compensation for services rendered and ex- 
penses incurred in tho performance of the duties 
of that offce; which was to the Commit- 
tee on Foreign Relations. 
MESSAGE TROM TIIE IIOUSF,. 
A message from the Housc of Representatives, 
by Mr. HAYEs, Chief Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed the following bill and joint 
resolution of the Senate: 
A bill (No. 539) to continue in force an act 
therein mentioned, relating to the port of Balti- 
more; and 
A joint resolution (NQ . 57) authorizing thc Sec- 
retary of the Treasury to permit the owners of 
the steamboat John C. Frémont to change the 
name of the same to that of Horizon. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. 
Tho message also announced that the Spcakcr 
of the House had signed an cnrolted bill (H. R. 
No. 935) for the relief of Franklin 'l'orrey; which 
thereupon received the sign•ature of the Vicc Prcs- 
ident. 
BILLS BECOME LAWS. 
The mcssagc further announced that the Pres- 
identof the United States had approved and signed , 
on the 15th instant, the following bills: 
the 
A bill (H. R. No. 693) for 
C. Martin; and 
A bill (11. R. No. 921) fot relief 
signcc of Hon. David C. Broderick, dcc,cased. 
DEFICIENCY BILL. 
Mr. HUN rl'ER. I wish to ask tho Senate this 
morning to postpone all prior orders, for the pur- 
pose of taking up the deficiency bitll at once, that 
wc may dispose of it to-day. Iiisa bill that ought 
to bc acted on now. 
Mr. HALE. i hopc wc Bhall havc lhc rnorn- 
in" hour first. 
HUNTER. If 1 wait until 
hour is over, the other special orders will super- 
sede me, and I shall not get tho bill up. 
Mr. HALE. W c can* postpone tl)cm. 
will 
go with you to postpone thorn. 
I think we can get through 
Mr. HUNTER. 
with this bili to-day in an hour 01' two, if gentle- 
men wilt let me go on. 'l'hey haveghad the rnorn- 
ing hour every day this session. This is the first 
time have asked tor Inot•ning hour. 
Several SENATORS (to MI'. HALE.) Let him 
have it. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Virginia moves to postpone all prior orders with 
a view to take up the (leficicncy bill. 
'Ilhc n)0tion was agreed to; and the Senate, as 
in Comrnittcc of Whole, 
proceeded to con- 
sider the bili (El. R. No. 866) to supply deficien- 
c.ics in the uppt•opriations for the service of the 
fiscal year ending junc 30, 1861. 
first amendment of the Committee on Fi- 
nance was, on page three, lines forty-onc and for- 
ty-two, to strike out and insert #150,000; 
go as to Inalce„ the clause read: 
To supply deficiencies in the fund hcretotörc a ppropriatod 
enable the President of thc United States to carry into 
eflbct the act of Congrcss 3d March, 1819, and any sub- 
gequent acts now in Ibrce, för the suppression ot• the slave 
trade, $450,000. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 will explain that amend- 
ment. The Secretary of the Interior estimated for 
to pay for obligåtions already 
incurred, and $450,000 rnorc which he thought 
would bc due by the end of the fiscal year. The 
Committcc on Finance agreed 10 appropriate for 
oblicrations that had already becn incurred, and 
struck out so much as was intended to cover the 
amount which the Secretary of the Interior said 
would probably be required by the 1st day of 
July, 1861 That is the amendm»t. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 of the 
Committee on F Inance will withdraw his bill for I 
a moment. This is thc timc devoted to mornincr 
business, and I did 110t suppose this bill was com- 
I was callcd out for 
ing up in the mornintr hour. 
I desire I 
a moment when thc question was put. 
to make a motion winch is proper for the morn- I 
ing -hour, and it will take but a minute to dispose 
of it. Then, I shall have no objection to the con- 
sideration of this bill. 
Mr. HUNTER. noticc that 
would call it up in the morning hour. 
Senator l.vants to enter motion for reconsidera- 
lion, I will give way for it to be entered, but not 
to be considered now. 
Mr. CAMERON. It is not for that. 
Mr. HUNTER. Then 1 hope go on. 
MI'. CAN'IERON. 1 want to fix a for the 
consideration of an im ortant bill. 
IVIr. HUNTER. '1 hat can up this 
I cannot give way for that. 
is over. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
the chair.) T hc question is on thc amendment 
of the Committcc on Finance. 
IVIV. FESSENDEN•. 1 doubt whether it is 
advisable to concur with the committcc on that 
presume, however, that the difference 
will not be very great. The recommendation 
was for $900,000. Apart of this sum is now due, 
and the part which will become due, the other 
$450,000, it will be imperative on the Government 
to pay during the present fiscal ycar. Rathcr for 
a technical reason than any other, the half which 
is not due at the present time, and thcrcforc, pcr- 
haps, is notstrictlyadeficiency, was struck out. I 
did not think it was necessary to strike it out at 
the time; and the committee, I think, did not at 
first. This was agreed upon after I left the com- 
mittce-room. I do not suppose it will make any 
very great diffcrcnce, cxcept that wc may havc 
thc matter all over again In another bill at this 
s•ossion. The chairman is perfectly aware, and 
will no doubt admit, that if we do not leave it in 
ido not 
this bill, '•,ve, must put it into another. 
sco that it is neccssary or to delay it. 
As thc Inonoy must be paid, why not do it now? 
Mr. HUNTER. 
i have no doubt that more 
moncy will have-to bc paid than t.hc I do 
not know, though, whether so much as $900,000, 
that is will bc required; but it 
to me it is obvious that some, legislation is 
necessary in order to protect the public 'T'reastn•y. 
As things are, now goill(r on, there is no telling, 
unlcss something is dorie to regulate the matter, 
what these appropriations for suppressing the 
slave trade will amount to. 1 am very wilting to 
malcc any appropriation that is necessary for that 
purpose; but I um surc tho Senator from Maine 
will hirnsclfadmit that sati.•guard is required 
('or the safety of the Treasury; and I thought wc 
had better make them brintr in another cslimate 
and then add that safeguard. We have not time 
now to rnaturc it; 
it will require consultation. 
W c ought to get a chance to throw some pro- 
tection around the Treasury. I think it bcttcr to 
have a sccond cstimato in the annual bill. T hc 
Senate, however, can do as it chooses. 
Mr.. FESSENDEN. admit that new legis- 
Intion Inay be necessary with reference to this 
it is cyctting to be a very scvcte burden 
mattcr. 
on the Treasury. What that legislation Inay be, 
or will be, or can be, I have not now any idea; 
but it is very clear that the obligation is incurred. 
Sincc the $450,000 werc decided upon as neces- 
sary, two slavers have bcen captured, and pro- 
vision must be madc for them; and I have reason 
to suppose that thcrc has been very great difli- 
culty, absolute suffering, indccd , on account ofthc 
delay occasioned by the non-appropriation of the 
money to carry our own laws into cffcct. There 
can bc no doubt whatever that thc ad- 
ditional will be required, and we shall pass no 
law to avoid that necessity; and therefore I say, 
with reference to our owrn business, that, to save 
additional trouble arising out of an appropriation 
in anew bill, in my judgment, it is vcry much bet 
tcr to leavc it whcrc it is; and such was at first tho 
opinion of the committee. 
adhcrc to it, and I 
hopc it will be retained. Still, it is not a matt.cr 
of so very great inujortance that we need waste 
much time about it. 
The amendment was rejected; there being, on 
a division—ayes 17, noes'18. 
The next amendrnent of the Committee 011 
Finance was, to insert at thc end of the bill: 
For compensation and rnilcage ot• Senators. $13 000. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
T hc next amendment was, to add to the bills 
For the contingent expenscs of the Senatc ; for miacek- 
laucous items," $3,000. 
The amendment was agreed to, 
Mr. HUNTER. I have onc more amendment 
to offcr from the Committee on Finance. It is to 
add at the end of the bill: 
To enablc the Secretary of the Navy to carry out the 
ditionat contract made by him with thc Chiriqui Improve- 
ment Company and Ambrose W. Thompson, on the 21st 
day of May, 1859, for purpose of securing to the United 
States certain valuable privileges and rights specified in 
said contract, and which said contract is hereby approved, 
$300,000. 
Here is a copy of the contract; and' if any Sen- 
ator dcsircs to know what the provisional contract 
is, I have a copy of it. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is while 
to read it unless some one calls for the reading. 
It is very well understood, I think, 
Mr. ANTHONY. It is stated very currently 
in the newspapers that the title to that property 
I should like to have the chairman 
is defective. 
of the committee, or sonne othcr friend of the 
It is stated that the titlc to 
amendment, explain. 
this property has been pronounced invalid by the 
supreme court of Now Granada. 
Mr. HUNTER. that is not so. our 
Attorney General ,has given an opinion that the 
title is secure. The appropriation was postponed 
at onc session on that account. We became sat- 
isfied of that. At the next session it was postponed 
to havc a survey of the harbor and the route; and 
we have had that survey, and the report is emi- 
nent.ly favorable—morc favorable than the repre- 
sentations at the Department. 
The question being taken by a division on the 
amendment, resulted—ayes 21, noes 5; no quo- 
rum votino•. 
Mr. HUNTER. There is 
I hope gentlemen will vote on one side 
present. 
or the other. Let the question bc taken acrain. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
put tho question again. 
fl'hc quc.cgtion being again put, the result was— 
ayes 26, nocs 6; no quorum voting. 
Mr. CLARK. I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 wish that some Senator 
who is familiar with the nacrits of this casc would 
explain it to the Senate. We arc voting $300,000 
at, time •when certainly the rrrcasury is not over- 
flowing, as I understand, to purchase another 
1 should like 
right of way across the Isthnms. 
to havo the mnerits of the case explained; and if 
no Senator can do it, I should like to have the 
contract road . 
Mr.HUNTER. Rhode 
Island ask why we want another right of way 
across the Isthmus ? 
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir. 
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose the more rights of 
way that are open0d the better. We do not want 
to bc subjected to the monopoly of one route— 
that across the Isthmus of Panama. But that is. 
not all: we got the. use here of the finest harbors 
on the Isthmus; the surveys prove that they 
havc magnificent harbors on both sides; and sve 
can buy coal so near to the anchorage of ships 
that it can be thrown almost into thc hold. The 
repart of the geologist and of the en«inccr shows 
not only that this coal is in great quantity there, 
and of finc quality, but also that the route itsqlf 
is vcry practicable. The probability is, that it is 
the best we shall havc aöoss tho Isthmus. It 
is healthier, and a finer harbor; and, all things 
considercd, the best that is offered to us; and wc 
' get the whole of it for $300,000. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. the real ques- 
lion, and all the question, in this case—I am sat- 
isfied of it from all the examination have given 
- to it—is, whether we shall omit to avail ourselvcs 
of \vhat probably will bc, I think unquestionably 
will bc, a matter of immense advantage to the 
l: country, for tbc of keeping a monopoly in 
tho hands of the Panama Railroad Company. I 
i \ think that is the whole question; and the opposi- 
; I tion to this measure, whatever it may have been, 
that has been made here, has, I apprehend, come 
fron'i that source, and that source alone. The con- 
tract which has been made is a provisional con 
perföctly guards the rights of the 
tract, which 
his contract, which is 10 furnish the route, furnish 
