426 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 17, 
fiscal year 1859-60—ordered at twclvc o'clock and Clingman, Coliamer, Crittenden, Doolittle, Durkee, Fes- 
scnden, Fitch, Green, liaie, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, 
six minutes. 
Letter transmitting a statement of expenses of 
national armories, and the arms and appendages 
made thereat— ordered at twelve o'clock and 
seven minutes. 
Letter transmitting copies of the offcial Army 
Register for the present year—ordered at twelve 
o'clock and seven minutes. 
RAILROAD TO PACIFIC. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOOT in 
the chair;) The spccial order having been in- 
formally passed over, it is now before the Senate 
for consideration; it is the Pacific railroad bill. 
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the 
Whole, resumed the consideration of the bill (H. 
R. No. 701) to secure contracts and make pro- 
vision for thc safe, certain, and more specdy trans- 
portation, by railroad, of mails, troops, munitions 
of war, mihtary and naval stores, bctwcen thc 
Atlantic States and those of the Pacific, and for 
other purposes, the pending question being on 
the amendment of Mr. BENJAMIN, to strike out in 
the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth lincs of thc first 
section the wrords ' 'a majority of such grantees 
shall admit as their assouatcs," and to insert thc 
words " shall choose to associate with them, and 
become with them subscribers and corporators 
for that purpose, as hereafter provided so as to 
make. the first section read: 
Bc it enacted, $•c., That to ingurc the safe, certain, and 
speedy transportation of mails, troops. and public storcs 
from the western bordcr of what is called our western States, 
by railroad, to wit: starting from two point.*, one on the 
western border of the State 01' Missouri, and the other on 
the ',vestern border of Imva, with two converging lines 
bearing westward and uniting within two hundrcd nuilcs of 
the Missouri river, and thcnce proceeding by a single trunk 
line, by the nearest and besg route and by the, vicinity of 
Great Salt Lake the city San Fraucisco, or to tbc 
navigable wattn•s of the Saeratnent.o, in the State of Cali- 
fornia, t.hcrc be, and hereby is, granted to Williarn II. 
Swift, S;-unuel IL'. nana, and John of Massachu - 
setts ; Moses II. Grinnell, Benjarnin Charnberlain, llazntl- 
ton Fish, John A. Dix, Daniel C. Eaton, Azariah Bondy, 
Joseph Field, Mirant Barncy, Charles A. Sccor, and Satn- 
B. Ruggics, of New York; Daniel J. Moncll, 
Harrison, George W. (_}ass, Anthony R. Joseph 
H. Scranton, Morton McMichael, of Pennsylvania; 
jamin H. Latrobe, Ross Winans, and 'I'ho:nas Swann, of 
Maryland; Ilene•y D. Nesveon)b, ot' Kcntucky ; Willi;un 
Case, S. S. L 'Honunedicu, George W. Manypenny, and 
Henry I}. Curtis. of Ohio; A. Morris, . 
Williams, Austiå P. Linn, and David (3. Branh;un, of In- 
diana ; Joshua Cobb, ot' 'i'enne#ce ; E. O. Grosvenor and 
William J. VVciles. of Michigan ; John VVcntworth, N. B. 
Jud(l, John Moore, and Charles G. llannnond, of 
John Illow, Jan•nca II. Luca*, VViIiiam Gilpin, and Willard 
P. Hall, of Missouri ; Charles Mason, Lucius II. Lang- 
worthy, Hugh T. Reid, and Iloyt Shennan, of [owa ; Sannuel 
J. Hensley, I). .1 udatl, Willi\lln Rahc, and Louis M cLanc, 
of California; Ilermau C. Leonard, n. F. Harding, 
C. Ainswortb, of Oregon, and to such persons as Ehall 
choose to aysoelate with them, and bee(nne with them sub- 
Beribcrs and corporators; for purpose, as hereinafter 
provided, every alternate section of land within 
one jnilc 
of such railroad linc as such persons rnay adopt, said sec- 
tions to be thosc designated by odd nunnbers, &c.. 
OFFICER. Upon 
tion thc yeas and nays have bccn ordered. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 
desire the reading of that 
the lilan- 
part of thc bill which is referred to as 
ner hereinafter provided." 
The Secretary read the first section of the bill. 
Mr. HALE. Asc the Senator from V cnnnont, 
has had that read, i wish simply to say, that as 
I understand thc bill, 
if this arncndmcnt is not 
adopted, it cannot have my vote, and i am a friend 
of the bill. The bill, as It stands, makes a close 
corporation, confines all its privileges to u few 
men, and icts iR to the enjoyment of t11C fran- 
chises only such persons as they choose to vote 
in. This amendment opcns it to the citizens of 
the country who to subscribe under the 
conditions limited in the bill. 
I hope the amend- 
ment will be adopted. 
If it is not, the bill cer- 
tainly cannot have my vote. 
The Secrctary procecdcd to call the roll. 
Mr. LATHAM, (when his name was called.) 
I merely want to say, having indicated to the Sen- 
ate that I should oppose all amendments that were 
offered to this bill when it was first presented to 
the Senate, that inasmuch as other amendments 
have been put upon the bill, and the Senate has 
undertaken to perfect it, I regard this amendment 
as one of the most just and proper that has yet 
been offered; and I shall, therefore, change the 
vicw I havc adopted , and vote for thc amendment. 
T hc result was announced—yeas 34, nays II; 
as follmvs.• 
Binghinn. 
Braug. 
YEAS— Messrs. Benjanljn. 
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of 'l'ennessee, Kennedy, 
King, Lane, Latham, Morrill, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, 
Pugh, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Trumbull, Wade; VVil- 
klnson, and Wilson=34. 
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Cameron, Clark, 
Dixon, Foot, Foster, Harlan, Seward, Simmons, and Sum- 
ner—ll. 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. G WIN. • I move an amendment to perfect 
the bill, as this amendment has been adopted. It 
is in line forty-three, after the word named," to 
insert " and their associates." 
T hc amendmcnt was agreed to. 
Mr. RICE, I offer an amendment in line seven, 
I section one, to strike out the words " on the west- 
i ern border of Iowa, " and insert " from Superior 
i City, Wisconsin, via St. Paul, Minnesota;" so 
that it will read : 
That to insure the safe, certain, and speedy transporta- 
tion of Inails, and public stores from the western 
border of what is called our westcrn States, by railroad, to 
wit: starting frotn two points, one on tuc wcstcrn border 
of the State of Missouri, at the nM3t1th of thc Kansas rivcr, 
and proceeding thcnee up the valley ofthc said river to the 
vicinity of Fort Riley, and the other fronl Superior City, 
Wisconsin, via St. Paul, Minnesota, &c. 
And on that I ask for thc yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays wore ordered, and tho Sec- 
rctary proceeded to call the roll. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary 
will suspend thc call of the roll. The general prev- 
alcnce of conversation on tho floor of the Cham- 
bcr and in the galleries is such as seriously to 
interfere with the progress of busincss, and must 
bc suspended. It is impracticablc to presidc with 
so much confusion. The offccrs in charge are 
directed to rcmovo the persons from the galleries 
who shall violate the order of the body. 
Silence having been restored, the Secretory pro- 
cccdcd to call the roll. 
Mr. POLK, (when his name ••,vas called.) I 
wristh to say that I shall vot.c yea," but at the 
time to state that I shall vole for an amend- 
n')cnt, which will thc advance of money 
to the Tcrritorics exclusively, and not extend into 
tbc States. 
'I'l)C Secretary concluded thc call of the roll. 
Mr. BINGHAM. voted yea"undcra mis- 
I supposed t.his was•the northern 
apprehension. 
route, for which our Legislature have instructed 
the Senators from Michigan to vote. 
1 find that 
it is not, and I vote " nay." 
Mr. EIALE. I anl not, like the Senator from 
Michigan , instructed to vote " nay; "I vote " nay 
without instructions. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 purpose to vote for the 
amendment that I expect to be offered by the Sen- 
ator from Minnesota, in relation to tho northern 
route; but this proposition, as I understand, is 
to mako a road from Lake Superior down to the 
central route. I do not think that wise, and thcu•e- 
forc I vote against it. 
"I'hc result- was announced—yeas 12, nays 32; 
as follows: 
Bright, I)urkce, Green, Iverson, Ken- 
Posveli, Rice, Saulsbury, 'l'on Eyck, 
Baker, Benjanuin, Biglcr, Bingham, 
Bra'"' , Clark, Cliugruan, Collarner, Dixon, Doo- 
Foot. Foster, Grimes, 
Douglas. Fcssendo.n, Fitch 
Ilennphill, Johnson of 'I'cnncssec, 
Harlan, 
Lathan), Nicholson, Sebastian, Seward, Slidell, 
Silinncr, 'Ih•utnbull, and Wilson—3D. 
So thc tuncndment was rejected. 
Mr. RICE. I have another amendmcnt to offer. 
I suppose there will bc no objection to it. 
It is, 
ill linc forty-niho of the firstsect.ion, after the word 
to strike out the words " at the 
occupied," 
date of passing tl'lis act," and to insert in lieu 
at. the time of the comple- 
thcrcof thc words 
tion of the survey of said road, whether said 
occupants shall reside in the Indian country or 
elsewhere;" so that thc clause will read: 
And when the United States have disposed of any such 
sections, or for any other reason cannot convey title thereto, 
or when the same shall bc condemned by the United States 
surveyor as worthless, and his decision be approved by 
the Secretary of' the Interior; or when the saine shall be 
'nincral lands, or if the sanie, shall be occupied at t.he time 
of the coxnplet.ion of the survey of said road, whether said 
occupants *hail reside in the Indian country or elsewhere, 
the deficiency shall bc Inade up by selections made within 
six miles fronl said road from lands of the United States to 
which nonc of the aforesaid objections apply. 
ri'he object of the amendment is simply to pro- 
tect the settlers in the Pike's Peak region, a'nd 
other portions of the country in which the Indian 
title has not been extinguished. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate 
ready for the question on the amendment offered 
by the Senator from Minnesota? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 ask to have the 
ment reported again. I had prepared an amend- 
ment to the same portion of thebill, and I should 
like to hear this amendment acain. 
The Secretary again read it. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 had a rather different 
amendment to offer to this clause of thc bill. T hc 
necessity for an amendment, here is apparent. Of 
course, the Senate would never consent that the 
men who may occupy portions of this territory 
at any time prior to its even being pointed out as 
the line on which the road shall run, should bc 
turned out of their homcstcads by the selection 
by the company; but supposc that at the date 
when the company have pointed out their line, 
and made application to the President, their occu- 
pancy ought to cease, so as not to interfere with 
their operations; and my amendment was—I will 
suggest to the Senator from Minnesota whether 
it is not more just—to mako the time for occu- 
pancy cease at the time of the application to the 
Prcsidcnt to withhold the lands from settlement. 
I think, whenever the company has made this 
application 
Mr. RICE. Might not the company make that 
application prior to survey ? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. The company is bound to 
make the application according to a further clause 
of the same section of the act: 
That so soon as the terms ot• this act are accepted by 
the parties undertaking to perform the services herein pro- 
vided for, it shall be the duty of the President of thc Uni- 
ted States, upon the application of said parties, to cause 
the public landg for six miles on each side of so much of 
such road as the parties may indicate to be from 
settlement. 
Now, when the company has determined wherc 
its line is to be, and calls upon the President, des- 
ignating that line, to withhold the lands from set- 
tlement, I think they ought to be so withheld. 
Mr. RICE. I will state to the Senator that on 
several occasions companies have applied to the 
President to withhold lands from the market, des- 
ignatine as nearly as they could the probable line, 
and he has so withheld them; but when the sur- 
veys svere made, it has been found that they havc 
deviated some throe or four miles either way. In 
that case we ought to protcct the lands to the set- 
tlcrs. When the line shall have been run, each 
I fear the 
settler knows exactly his position. 
application will bc made bef8re thc designation of 
the line. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 tho application 
would have to designate the line, in order that the 
Prcsident might know what was to be withheld. 
Mr. RICE. They designate itinformally. They 
say, from one point to another. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 would rather bc particu- 
lar in thht. 
Mc. RICE. I have seen the practical working 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to make a suggestion 
on that point. 
It strikes me there is force in the 
objection made by the Senator from Louisiana. 
If settlers are allowed to follow the surveyor, and 
find out about where the line of road is to be, and 
taka cach a town site, and get possession before 
the final location of the road, I do not think the 
grant would be worth much to the railroad. I 
think, therefore, there should be no settlement 
allowed to be made after they had designated the 
general course of thc road; and thc land should 
bc reserved from market. 
It strikes me that un- 
der the amendment as it now stands, speculators 
would follow the surveyors and take all the best 
lands before thc road was finally located, and be 
guided by the surveyors in the location of the 
road. 
It seems to me that would greatly impair 
the value of the grant. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 will offer my amend- 
ment as an amendment to that of the Senator fronn 
Minnesota. 
Mr. RICE. There is a misunderstanding in 
regard to this amendment, I am sure. My only 
object is to protect the settler. Suppose the com- 
pany should apply to the President to withhold 
the land for a distance of thirty miles in the Pike 's 
Peak region, and he should do so: hundreds and 
thousands who are upon their way would get 
thero bcforc they could reccivc the news of thc 
withholding of the land; they would have made 
their settlements and invested their all upon the 
