1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
427 
land ; and in ninety days or six months after, it is 
withheld from settlement. I think itshould be the 
first duty of the Government to protect the poor 
men. It is truc, a few might follow the surveyor. 
on the land, and get valuable sections or quarter 
sections; but with the liberal provisions made in 
the bill for the corporators, I think some little 
attention should be given to the settlers. 
Mr. LATHAM-. I will inquire whether the 
Senator from Louisiana can offer his amend- 
ment? This is an amendment to an amendment, 
is it not? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. There has been but one 
amendment offered, and this is an amendment to 
that amendment. 
Mr. LATHAM. Offered as a substitute? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. his an amendment to the 
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota. It 
becomes a substitute, Of course. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Louisiana proposes the following amcndL 
ment to the amendment offered by the Senator 
from Minnesota. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. By way of substitute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
ment will be read. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. To carry out my amend- 
ment, it will only be necessary to strike out the 
words passing this act," in the forty-ninth line 
of the first section. 
The Secretary read the amendment in line 
forty-nine of the first section, to strike out the 
words "passing this act," and to inscrt in lieu 
thereof the WOMls "•the application to thc Presi- 
dent to withhold them from settlement and salc as 
hereinafter provided;" so that the clause will 
read: 
And when the United States have disposed of any such 
sect!on.s, or any other reason cannot convey titic there- 
to, or when the sa•ne shall be condcnmncd by thc United 
States surveyor as worthless, ;tnd his (lccision be approved 
by t.he Secretary of the Interior; or when the sani(' shall 
be mineral lands, or if the stune Shau be occupied at the 
date of the application to the Presidcnt to withhold them 
from settlement and sale as hereinafter provided, the defi- 
ciency shall be made up by selections made within six 
miles from said froin lands of the United Statcs to 
which none of thc aforesaid objections apply. 
The amendment to the amendment was agreed 
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted. 
Mr. LANE. mere is amendment pending to 
the first section of the bill, that was offered by 
me somc days ago, and ordcrcd to bc printed. L 
ask to have it considered now. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senötor 
from Oregon offers an amendment to the first scc- 
tion of the bill; which will bc read. 
The Secretary read it—to strike out all after the 
words " Great Salt Lake," in the eleventh line, 
of the first section, to the word " California," in 
the thirteenth line, and to insert the followiryr: 
To the navigable waters of the Sacra•mcnto, in the State 
of California; thence, by two diverging lines, one to the. 
city of San Francisco, and the other through the vailcyg of 
Rogue river, Utupqua, and Willamette, to l'ortiand, in 
Orcgon. 
So that (he section will read: 
That to insure, the safe, certain, and spccdy t*unsporta- 
border of what is called our western States, by railroad, to 
wit: startling from two points, one on the western border 
of the State of Missouri, and the other on the western hor- 
der of Iowa, with two convcr('ing lines bearing westward 
and uniting within two hundred Iliiles of the Missouri river, 
and thence proceeding by a single trunk line, by tbc near- 
cst and best route, and by. the vicinity of Great Salt Lake, 
to the navigable waters of the Sacramento, in the State of 
Calitörnia; thence, by two diverging lines, one to the city 
of San Francisco, and the other through the valleys of' 
Rogue river, Umpqua, and Willamette, to Portland, in 
Oregon, there be, and hereby is; granted to William H. 
Switt, 
Mr. G WIN. I suggest to the Senator from 
Oregon to change his amendment. If adopted, it 
•.vould be of great importance to my own State. 
I suggest to him to make his amendment more 
perfect, by putting it in this form: to insert, after I 
the word California, in the thirteenth line, the 
words: 
Thence branching' 
Mr. LANE. I desire to know how the bill 
would read then. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The secr rv 
will read the section as it will stand, if at ndea 
in the manncr sucroested. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
That to insure the safe, certain, and speedy transporta- 
tion of mails, troops, and public stores from the western 
border of what is called our western States, by railroad, to 
wit: starting from two. points, one on the western border 
of the State of Missouri, and the other on tbe western bor- 
dcr of Iowa, with two converging lines bearing westward, 
and uniting within two hundred miles of the Missouri river, 
and thence proceéding by a single trunk line, by the near- 
est and best route, and by the vicinity of Great Salt Lakc, 
to the. city of San Francisco, or to the waters of 
thc Sacramento, in the State of Califorma; tffcnce branch- 
ing north through the valleys of the Sacramento, Rogue 
river, U:npqua, and Willamette to Portland, in Oregon ; 
and tor the construction of this {ranch a grant of alternate 
sections of land for six Eniles on cach side of said road is 
hereby made, to be sclcctcd in odd numbers fro'n the near- 
est unoccupied and unappropriated agricultural lands. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from Oregon accept this instead of his own 
amendment? 
Mr. LANE. If I understand it aright, I think 
I will. My object is to provide for a branch of 
this road to extend to Portland, Oregon. 
The PRES(DING OFFICER. The Chair 
understands, then, that the question before the 
Senate is upon tho amendment offered by the Sen- 
ator from California, and accepted by the Senator 
from Oregon. 
Mr. LANE. I desire to make an inquiry: 
whether, comino in at that place in the bill, that 
branch road will be entitled to all the benefits 
that any other portion of the road is entitled to, 
and the same amount of appropriations? 
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir. 
Mr. LANE. Then 1 accept the amendment in 
place of mine. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from 
California, accepted by the Senator from Oregon 
in place of his own. 
Mr. BENJAIVIIN. This amendment is carry- 
ing out that principlc in this bill which is most 
objectionable to those that endeavored to have it 
amended; it is that part of the bill which provides 
for the construction ofa railroad by this Govern- 
I propose to offer, as a 
ment within the States. 
substitute for•that amendment, striking Qut of the 
bill the words, in the cleventll and twelfth lines, 
" to the city of San Francisco; or to the naviga- 
ble waters of the Sacramento, in the State of Cal- 
ifornia;" and inserting, " some point on thc east. 
crn boundary of Caliiörnia;" 
the purpose boing 
to mark, by it VOLC of the Senate, its sensc in rc- 
lation to this principle of appropriatin«r money to 
build railroads in the States; because it is obvious 
to us all, that if we are to begin constructing rail- 
roads in t.he States of this Union, cach State of the 
Union will ask for its fair share of the public treas- 
ure towards building a road within its own limits. 
Hitherto the action of Congrcss upon this subject 
of building railroads in the States has been con- 
fincd exclusively to cascs wherc the road runs 
through public land, and a portion of that 'land 
was given to the company, or to the State, by t.hc 
Government in its capacity of proprietor of the 
land—a part given in order to enhance the value 
of the rest; but this, I think, is the first direct 
attempt to get.an appropriation from thc public 
Treasury of the whole of the United States for 
the purpose of building a railroad in a State. 
Now, sir, the proposition made is to build so 
much of this railroad in the State of California as 
intervenes between the city of San Francisco and 
the eastern limits of the State. As now amended 
by the Senator from Oregon, according to the suff- 
gestion of the Senator from California, we are not 
only to build a railroad across the State of Cali- 
fornia to the city of San Francisco, but we arc to 
build a line of railroad on the Pacific, up the coast 
from California to Oregon, and, o? course, after- 
wards down the coast; and, in that way, provide 
the Pacific coast with a system of railroads al the 
That is, after it strikes the navigable waters of expense of thc national Treasury. It appears to 
me this is too monstrous a proposition to be sup- 
the Sacramento river— 
north through the valleys of Sacramento, Rogue river, I ported for an instant. Hitherto all attempts to 
Uznpqua, and Willamette, to Portland, in Oregon; and for make, or to induce the assent of Congress towards 
making, this Pacific railroad, have been confined 
the construction of this branch , a grant of alternate sections 
of land for six miles on each side of said road is hereby 
to that portion of the road which passes through 
Inade, to be selected in odd nullibers from the nearest un- 
the public Territories. This is the first time that 
occupied and' unappropriated agricultural lands." 
I suggest to the Senator that it would bc better any serious attempt has been mado to go into the 
States and build a railroad by the Federal Gov- 
if he put his amendment in that form. 
ernment and to appropriate lands and' the•public 
treasure for that purpose. 
So far as the grant of land has 'been concerned, 
as in the case of Illinois, the grant was put upon 
the express ground, and only passed upon -thit 
ground, that the Government of the United' States 
being a landed proprietor, having the same 
under theConstitution , to dispose advantageouSlY 
of its land as any other proprietor would have, 
had the right to give away a part of -the land, as 
a consideration Tor a road which, built through 
the land, would make the remainder belonging to 
the Government equivalent in value to the •whole 
before the improvement was made. But"now the 
proposition is, not simply to improve the public 
lands of California, by giving a part of -them, to 
enhance the valuc of the rest, but to give •money 
out of the Federal Treasury, in advance, for the 
purpose of building a road, in order that, when 
that road is built, it nhay be used for the purpose 
of carrying the mails and troops. That argument 
will apply to every State of this Union. There 
is no earthly reason for selecting the State of Cal— 
ifornia, more than any other State, for thé appro• 
priation of Federal funds in building a railroad. 
The amendment which I offer, marks distinctly 
this principle, and I shall ask the vote of thc Sen- 
ate upon it by yeas and nays, that we may dis- 
cover which of us it. is that supposes this General 
Government has the power, under the Constitu- 
tion of the United States, to appropriate the Fed- 
cral treasure for building railroads within the 
If it has such a power, it will certainly 
States. 
be used, and u€ed to an extent that will absorb 
every possible source of revenue that the public 
Treasury can ever expect to receive. 
dangerous power to initiate the exercise of, if we 
had it; butl believe gentlemen will search in vain 
for any pretcxt in the Constitution for the exer- 
cise of such a power. T hc Senator from Missis- 
sippi, [Mr. DAvzs,] who, for a series of years 
has done evcrythint" he could for the purpose of 
having this railroaa built, who inaugurated the 
system of surveys, who has backed this project 
of a Pacific railroad With all his strength and all 
his influence, cvcr held that point sqcred: that the 
Federal Government had no right to go into the 
States and appropriate the Federal treasure for 
I have, therefore, again to repeat 
that purpose. 
that I move to strike out all thatpart of the twelfth 
and thirteenth lines which provide for this road 
being built to the city of San Francisco; and to 
insert instcad of them the words, " the eastern 
I move that as a sub- 
boundary of California." 
stitute for the amendment. 
Mr. G WIN. The Senator from Louisiana, of 
course, has observed that, from the beginning, 
tho building of a Pacific railroad has been advo- 
cated as a military work necessary to the military 
defense of the country; and this amendment of 
the Senator from Oregon is eminently proper in 
that respect; because It is absolutely necessary to 
the military defense of that portion of the Pacific 
coast that the road should approach it. -In the 
evcnt of a war with any powerful maritime na- 
tion at present, the whole Pacific coast would be 
cut off. Even if we had this railroad -to San Fran- 
Cisco, in the event ofa war—and we have a very 
formidable neighbor (Great Britain) in that im- 
mediate vicinity—it would be impossiblc to send 
any succor or any defense to that portion of the 
Pacific coast that is intended to receivo military 
It is on that 
protection by this amendment. 
ground that the Senator from Mississippi, a strict 
constructionist, has always advocated It; on the 
very ground that, in the State of Louisiana, the 
Government of the United States might build a 
railroad from the Mississippi river to Fort Pike, 
and the other forts that are intended to defend the 
entrance. That is the obicct of this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
take leave to suggest to the Senate that between 
the amendment offered by the Senator from Ore- 
(ron and the amendment to that proposed bv the 
Senator from Louisiana, there is u palpabfe in- 
consistency that renders it impossible to enter- 
tain the .latter proposition as an amendment to 
the former. The amendment of the Senator from 
Louisiana proposes to strike out a portion of the 
original bill not reached oraffected by the amend- 
mont offered by the Senator from Oregon; and to 
insert other words instead. At the same time, 
the Chair will remark that the adoption of tho 
amendment of the Senator from Louisiana would 
