1861, 
cratic Legislature of 1857 repealed it. The . Re- 
publican Legislatüre of 1858 reénacted it. It was 
pending in the Legislature of this year, and the 
vote referred to by the gentleman from Georgia 
was to break down the whole concern. The bill, 
sir, was indefinitely postponed—that personal lib- 
erty bill was killed by the action of the present 
House of Representatives of Ohio. 
MOSES MEEKER. 
Mr. WASHBURN,0f Wisconsin. 1 ask the 
unanimous consent of the House for leave to dis- 
charge the• Committee of the Whole House on 
the Private Calendar from the further considera- 
tion of House bill No. 341, for the relief of Moses 
Meeker, and that it be taken up and put on its 
passage. 
There was no objection. 
It instructs the 
The bill was read in extenso. 
Secretary of the Treasury to ascertain, as in the 
case of John P. B. and Henry Gratiot, what 
amount, if any, of rent was exacted by the United 
States agents of lead mines from Moses Meeker 
for lead mined and smelted upon the lands of the 
Ottawa, Pottawatomie, Chippewa, Winnebago, 
or other tribes of Indians, prior to the purchase 
thereof by the United States, and pay such amount 
as may be legally proved to have been actually 
paid by Moses Mecker to such agents of the Uni- 
ted States, to Mdses Meeker or his legal repre- 
sentatives, out of any money in the Treasury not 
otherwise appropriated. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingiy read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to 
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed; 
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be 
laid upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
ARMY 
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the rules be sus- 
pended, and the Housc resolve itself into the 
Comrnittee of the "V hole on the state of the Union 
on the Army bill-. 
The motion was agreed to. 
The House accordingly resolved itself into the 
Committee of the on the state of the Union, 
(Mr. WASIIBURNE, o? Illinois, in the chair.) 
The CHAIRMAN stated that be- 
th at 
fore the cornrniltee was the Army bill, an 
the gentleman from Tcnncssec [Mr. T OMAS]. 
was cntitlcd to the floor. 
cussion 
Mr. THOMAS. The of our 
in the House should be to promote the general 
welfare of the country. To effect that object, a 
harmonious feeling should predominate, if possi- 
ble; but I must say that tbc character of the debate 
which has preceded has not bcen to my taste. 
Yct, sir, we must conform ourselves to the cir- 
cumstanccs by which we arc surrounded; and, 
with a view of dischargin<" my duty, I desire to 
submit somc rcmarks to tho consideration of the 
committee, upon the subject which now so seri- 
ously engrosses public attention. 
This question of slavery has ever been 
some to this country. Yet our fathers weré$n- 
abled to dispose of it, and to dispose of it in such 
a wav as to secure; not only our fibertics, but the 
estabiishment ofa Government which has led to 
a happiness and prosperity of our people unex- 
ampled in the history of the human family. When 
the Declaration of Independence was framed, 
every State of this Union was a slaveholding State. 
They went through that war, and this trouble- 
some. question troubled not the council, the camp, 
or the battle-field. We conducted that war to a 
successful termination, and to the establishment of 
In process of time, when our 
our independence. 
convention assembled to establish a constitution, 
we had twelve slave States and but one froe State. 
There was then in the northcrn mind a hostility 
to slavery. 
We frequently hear from the other side of this 
Chamber, the position taken that they want to 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
We find that when the first rough draft of •the 
Constitution was submitted for discussion, it gave 
Congress the power to abolish the slave trade any 
time after 1800. A proposition was then made 
that that trade should be extended to 1808. Ma- 
ryland and Virginia voted against that extension. 
A distinguished member of that convention from 
Connccticut (Rocrer Sherman) said that the south- 
ern States were essential for their welfare, and 
that they would rather tolerate tho slave trade 
than part with two States—Georgia and South 
Carolina; and on a vote upon the proposition to 
extend the slave trade eight •years, New Hamp- 
shire, Massachusetts, and Connecticut voted to 
give that extension, and, by their votes, the prop- 
osition was carried, and the slave trade extended 
eight years beyond the time to which someofihc 
slave States contended it should be limited. And 
. now what do we see upon this occasion? Nota 
single mem bcr from ei of those three States will 
tolerate a southcrn State in removing one single 
one of those slaves, or their descendants, which 
were imported during those eight years, into 
any one of our Territories. But we pass on. We 
find that those fathers accommodated this matter 
among themselves; and they established a Cotl- 
stitution which has eminently served its purposes 
for nearly thrcc quarters of a century. 
What is the history of' the Government aftcr- 
wards? Your Washington, your first and greatest 
President, approved and Signed bills to appre- 
hend fugitive slaves, and to admit slave States 
into the Union. Your second President, John 
Adams, of Massachusetts, approved and signed 
a fugitive slave bill for the District of Columbia, 
and "bills reco&nizing slavery in the southwestern 
Territory. Your Jl)fl'crson acquired the Terri- 
tory of Louisiana, with its slave property, and he 
signcd and approved a bill to regulate the coast 
slavc trade, by which slaves were permitted to be 
taken from one section of tho Union to another 
for sale. And, sir, every President up to the pres- 
ent hour has approved and signed bilks in con- 
formity to the news which are contended for upon 
the part of the South; and it is only within the 
last few years that this opposition to the institu- 
tion of the Soüth has advanced to its present for- 
midable and threatening position. And why is it? 
It may be traced back to a morbid—pardon me, 
for I intend to say nothing intentionally offensive— 
in my judgment, it may bo traced back to a 
but, 
morbid sensitiveness npon tho part of the north- 
ern mind upon this subject. This hostility to 
slavcry at Ol'i*in attracted little attention at tho 
North, and fi..iW fft.tve countenance to it; but it I 
gradualiy got into the school-houses, into the 
school-books, into the pulpit, and into all the va- 
rious modes of education, and into all the Ineuns 
used in thc formation of the moral sentimcnts of 
It has been continued; and the pres- 
the people. 
ent generation have been brought up and edu- 
cated from the nursery in a feeling of hostility to 
this institution, which wras thus tolerated by the 
fathers of the Revolution in evcry State of' the 
Union. This system of education has gone on 
until a large majority of tbc people of the Norlh 
have up to manhood under such influcnccs. 
And what is the result? It has formed political 
associations, and a political party which now pro- 
i poses to take control of the Government of thc 
country, and to do it upon the one single, isolated 
idea of hostility to southern institutions. In 1856, 
this party first assumed a prominent and threat- 
ernng attitude toward the South. And what do 
we find them declaring upon that occasion? When 
they formed the Republican party, in 1856, they 
formed it without regard to past political diffcr- 
ences and divisions. When they carne to lay 
down their principles, they announced that as their 
cardinal doctrine. In that body we find men who 
had been Whigs, Democrats, and Americans • 
men who had belonged to all tho political parties 
of the count.ry',' but all their past party predilec- 
tions were to be laid aside, and the new party, 
i without regard to them, was to be formed. It 
bring back this Government to the principles of was so formed, and their declaration was: 
It would be well for those gentleuncn Resolred, "I'hat the Constitution upon Congress i 
its fathers. 
who desire to effect that object, to look to the power over t,hc 'l'erritorics the United States 
spirit which actuated those wise and patriotic 
is both the right and the. duty of' Congress to prohibit in all 
fathers of ours while assembled in convention. the trcrritories the twin rclics of barbarism—polygquuy• and 
What do we find them doing then? Why, sn•, 
In 1860 tho same party again laid down their 
the slave trade was then in existence, and was I 
tolerated by many of the States of this Union, and platform; which was as follows: 
" 8. That the, nonnal condition of all the territory of the 
sorne southern States were averse to its abolition. 
Ünlted; States that freedom. That as-our repübH&ai 
fathers, when thcy had aboimled -slavery in out "Atiopal 
territory, ordained that no person BhOujdlbe deprived 
life, liberty, or frroperty, without due process 
becomes our duty, by legislation, whenever güCii 
tion is maintain this provision 
tution against all attempts to violate we 
authority of Congress, ot• a Leg[SIatwe, or 
individuals. to givc 'legal existence to Slavery ih 
tory of the Üniied States." 
When that party, in 1860, in convention, came 
to look out for representative of the principles 
which they intended' to inaugfråte in theGovei-n- 
ment, provided thOy succeeded, it lookedälF oijéi' 
the country for sueh Rn indi€iduai. The •twd 
most prominent and eminent men who presented 
themselvcs for that nomination were Hon.- Mr.- 
Seward, of New York, and Mr. Lincoln, Of- the 
State of Illinois. Upon the first ballot Mr. Sew- 
ard received a large plurality of the votes. But 
he was not nominated; and Mr. Lincoln Was 
finally unanimously nominated and elected by 
that party; and it is now ope'nly dcclared to -the 
country that the former gentleman, Mr. Seward, 
is to be the prime minister of Mr. Lincdlå, -the 
successful candidate of the Republican party fOi• 
President. These gentlemen owe their elevation 
to office to their opposition to southern institu• 
tions. They were selected and voted for, not for 
personal predilections, but for their devotion to 
the doctrines which they wore known to have 
advocated, and for opinions they were known to 
en tertain. 
Now, I call the attention of the committee and 
of thö country to what, in brief, these opinions 
were. Mr. Seward declares: 
Slavery can be limited to its present bounds ; it can be 
it can be, and it must be abolished, and you 
ameliorated ; 
'Phe task is as simple and easy 
and can and Inust do It. 
as its consummation will be beneficent, and its rewards 
It only requires to follow thiS simple råte of ac- 
glowing. 
tion : to do everywhere and on cVery occasion what •We 
can, and not to neglector refuse to dO what we can, at an*y 
time, because at that precise time, and on that particular 
occasion, we cannot do more. Circumstances determine 
Lxtcnd a eotdiat 
possibiiities." 
welcome to the fugitive who lays his weary limbs at your 
door, and (Ictönd him as you would your paternal gods. 
" Correct your own error that slavcry has any constitu- 
tionat guarantees which Inay not be relcased, nnd ought not 
* You will soon 
to bc relinquished. 
bring the parties of the country into an effective aggressiofi 
upon slavery." 
Again, hc declares: 
What. a commentary upon the history of man is the raet, 
that eighteen years after the. death 01' John Quincy Adarns, 
the people have for their standard-bearer Abraham Lincoln, 
contös.*ing the obligations ot• the higher law , which the sage 
of Quiney proclaitncd, and contending, for weal or woe, *'Or 
lito or death, in tbc irrepressible conflict between freedom 
and slavery. I desire only to say tl'lat we are in the last 
starre of thc conflict, before the great triuntphal inaut•uration 
oc thig policy into the of the United States." 
Now, sir, Mr. Seward was the highest candi- 
datc on the first ballot, and is to be tho prime 
minister of tho incoming Administration. We 
no'.v come to thc declaration of the candidate who 
•vvas ultimately nominated unanimously by that 
convention. What does Mr. Lincoln declare? 
And it is such declarations •as these -that have 
given him his present high position in the coun- 
try. He says: 
What I do say is that no man is good enough to govern 
i say this is 
another man without the other man's consent. 
the leading principle, the SHEET ANCHOR of american Re- 
publicanism." 
Again, •in Chicago, on the 10th of July, 1858, 
he said: 
should like to know if, taking the old Declaration af 
Independence, which declares that all men are equal upon 
principle, and maxing exceptions to it, where will it stop? 
If one rnan says it does not inean negro, why not another 
say it does not mean sorne other than ? If that declaration 
Is not the truth, let us get the statute-book in which wc find 
it, and tear it out. Who is so bold as to do it? 
l. f it is not 
true let us tear it out. [Cries of 'No P 'No P] Let us 
stic{ 10 it, then; let us stand firtnly by it. then." * 
Let us discard all-this quibblilig about this man 
and tbc other man—this race and that race and the other 
race being införior, and therefore they tnust be placed in an 
inferior position—d iscarding the standard that we have left 
us. Let us discard all these things, and unite as one people 
througlxcmt this land until we shall once more stand up de- 
claring t.hat all Inen are creatcd equal." * 
I leavc you, hoping that the lamp of liberty will burn in 
your bosoni until there shall no longer be a doubt tlmt all' 
men are created free and equal." 
here have placed before us the 
Now, sir, 
on which this candidate was preÅénted 
And what is it? It is not that he 
ei ther favored or was opposed to a protective tariff; 
not that he Wits for one policy or the other, dis- 
connected with slavery. I ask. you whether, if 
there had been no slavcs in the: United Szates, and 
