1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBD. 
State, unless it be a right conceded under the Con- 
stitution, that hye has the sole and exclusive con- 
trol over the services of the slave tons full an 
extent as he has over anv Other species of prop- 
erty, real or personal, not inconsistent will-x the 
laws of humanity ? 
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. STANTON,] the 
other day, contended before this I-louse that the 
admission that slaves were property would in- 
volve us in interminable dificulties. •Why? He 
objected to the admission of the right; for the rea- 
son, among others, that, if a unan in trans'itu 
through a free State with his slave should die, and 
die indebted to the citizens of such free State, an 
administrator in- such State could not inventory 
the slave as property, or subicct him to the pay- 
ment of such indcbtcdncss. Why, sir, if tho gen- 
tieman from Ohio had reflected upon the result of 
that provision of the Constitution relating to fugi- 
tivc slaves, according to his own construction of 
it, hc would have seen that the samc• difficulty 
might occur. Suppose a slave escaping from Ken- 
tuck y into Ohio is pursued and apprehended by 
his master, but before his return his master dies, 
owing dcbts in that State: the slave could not be 
sold there; a writ of Jieri facics could not reach 
him; but he could bc taken back to •Kentucky, and 
there be sold in the marn-ct. Suppose the slave 
escapes, and is apprehended by his Owner in a 
free State, where the master dies: surely his per- 
sonal representative—his heirs or administrators 
—would have the right to carry him hack, and 
apply the proceeds of his sale to thc debts of his 
deceased owner. 
But ao•ain: the gentleman from Ohio says, sup- 
pose the *naster, while in transitu through a free 
State, kills his slave, or his slavc kills what 
is then to be done? Precisely the sarne dißiculty 
would api.se. in case the owner of a ve slave 
having apprehcnded him in a frcc State, should, 
While returning, in the exercise of his authority, 
'l*he gentleman 's 
kill, or bc killed by the slave. 
State should for such a contingency; and 
if they have not legislated upon the subject, it is 
not my fault. 
And so in respect to all the diffcuities which 
QUr friends of the North find growing out of the 
recognition of t.he 1•Wht of property in slaves. 
T herc are no difficulties which did not exist in 
the minds of our fathers who framed the Consti- 
tution, and which were not fully met by them in. 
the instrument framed by them, with the intention 
of comprorrusirig and settling them upon princi- 
ples havino respect to tho rights of ali the States 
of the Union. 
Now, sir, when we look at thc history of this 
country and sce its procress; when wc see the 
diffcultics which have froin time to time comc up 
and been scttfcd by the wisdom of our fathers, is 
it not strangc that. our friends in the North should 
unite in such numbers upon an issue that has so 
little in it, afibcti'ng not only their own' welfare, 
but the welfare of i.he whole country? Why, sir, 
if we are permitted to take our slaves into tbc 
common Territorics of the country, it does not I 
add a single one to tho number; it docs not brin«r 
another slave within the limits of the United 
It only authorizes the master to change 
States. 
his location;- it docs not bring him ncarcr to you. 
Most likely it will have thc effectof removing him 
further from those gentlemen from t.he North who 
aoainst our fathers in the war of the Revolution; 
while you refuse to permit the descendants of 
General Green, or of any of thc heroes of the Rev- 
olution in the South, to go there and take their 
property with them, 
Call you this fair dealing? 
Is this loyalty to 
us or to the memories of the Revolution? Is it 
that spirit that actuated the framers of the Con- 
stitution, when they, compromising all the diff- 
culties before them, framed the Governmentunder 
which we have cn•own up and existed as a nation 
so long and so prosperously? 
Sir, these difficulties arc continually thrown in 
our way. Atletcrmined disposition is manifested 
to take. that territory from us, to circumscribe us 
within our present limits; while they will permit 
homesteads to be granted to the descendants of 
our former enem ies, and will populatc it with men 
who cannot even speak our language, and to whom 
they should bc bound by no stronger ties of affec- 
tion than they should be to the me)) of the South, 
who shared in all the dangers and hardships of 
its acquisition. 
I have no hostility to foreigners; but, sir, when 
I sce the legislat.ive bodies of my country legis- 
lat.ing with a view to give them precedence over 
t hc descendants of the revolutionary sires of the 
South, I feet that it is timo for us to speak out— 
to demand at least the rights of the peoplc of the 
South. There can . be nothing wrong in that. 
W c do not claim any exclusive riglit m any of 
t.he Tl'el'l'itorics. We only claim the samo ri«rht 
in those Territories that are secured to the people 
of the North. We demand nothing more; we 
can submit, sir, to nothing less. We do not ask 
to exclude one of the northern people, or any 
specie.s of property possessed by the northern 
But. you propose to excludc us, unless 
people. 
we divest ourselves of our household servants— 
a property which is cndcared to us from our ear- 
liest recollections, and for which we have higher 
regard than for any othcr species of our prop- 
crty. The relations which exist between thc mas- 
ter and servant create a sympathy unlikc that 
which you fecl for your homestead and your fartn 
It is a kind of friendship. 
110t•ses and wagons. 
It is a devotion of follow-feeling characteristic of 
that institution, which never has been, and which 
I fear never will be, justly appreciated by the 
North. They arc a part of us. They sympathize 
with us, and we sympathize with them. Our 
rights are their rights; and when wo prosper, 
If we can go to a country whcrc 
they prosper. 
we can do bcttct• t ban where we arc, the slaves 
that go with us are bettered in an cqual propor- 
it is that wee 
Hence, sir, 
tion with oursclvcs. 
claim all the ricrhts of equality ill this Union. 
But, Mr. Chairman, lhc time has gone by for 
the discussion of this qucstion at length. We 
have passed from tbcoriesund come to facts. Such 
has bccn the character of the dealings ofthc North 
toward the South—all of which 1 have not the 
time, in the few minutes left mc, to refer to—that 
the South feels her rights are 110 longer safe in 
this Government without some new guarantees 
for their protection. Underthatfeeling,fourStates 
have already seceded from the Union; and, sir, 
probably while I arn addressing this committee, 
t.he fifth will take its leave of us. These are the 
facts that stare us in the, face. Disunion has taken 
place. Many of the great minds of the South 
represent that section upon this floor. But have taken the ground that the right of secession 
is a right ovcr and above the Constitution 
—but a 
tlemen tell us they want these Territories for free 
right recocrnized by tho peculiar manner in which 
labor. Mr. Chairman, I submit that thcrc is 
that inst.nunent was framed. have not the time 
much in the conduct of this party at thc North 
calculated to break up and forcvcr destroy that on this occasion, nor do I think thc great body of 
the South going to take time to investigate the 
feeling of friendship which once existed, and must 
again exist before we can sustain a united Gov- very nice and very able legal arguments made on 
I this subject.. We go back to first great principlés. 
ernment. The Territories of the Government arc 
the common property of all the States. No man ! t It is enough for the people of the South to look 
will say that the South has failed to contribute to the Declaration of Indcpcndencc. We believe 
her share in their acquisition, whether it be in 
When a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing 
cash or blood. No man can say it. 
invariably the saine object, evinces a design to reduce them 
Then why should we not have a common right 
under absolute despotism, iL is their right, it is tllCir duty, 
to that territory ? What are you gentlemcn of the I to throw off such governmcnt, and to provide new guards 
North ihdicating by your policy in this House ? for their futurc safety. 
It is not to secure the territory for your own chil- T hc ground is taken here, that wc cannot and 
dren. You do not expect to populate it by your will not bc permitted to scccde peaceably from 
If thc action in the Senate yester- 
ox.vn offspring; certainly not in the present day. this Union. 
You have, during thc present session, passed a bill day means anyt.hing, it means that. This thing 
giving an inheritancc in that territory not only to of secession is not to be permitted. Tho Army 
your chiidren, but to the children of every rnai'l in ! and the Navy are to be employed against us. 
the world who chooses to go there, to the children The moncy appropriatcdin the bill now before us 
—is to be used for I 
—the Army appropriation bill. 
even of the Hessian, who, for a price, fought 
the purpose of sending troops to -the Söuth, with' 
a view to the coercion of SecediiigStåtéé;hhd the:' 
pinning of'this Union once niore-'tögtsihet-bY"tho 
bayonet of Fcderul troops. I will submit' an•bi•• 
tract from the letter of' acceptanOe Of Hon.•• Ed-' 
ward 'Everett, a distinguished citizen' of 
chusetts: He is entitled to reSéeci-•. His:öpinibj'," 
at least, will show the opinions and 
the party which suiported Iiim. He étyé; 
The suggestion that the Üniqp can .be maintamed' by. 
the nu:ncrical predominance and military proiveS$ot• onc 
section, exerted to coerce the other into-submission, -IS, 'in 
my judgment, as seitlcontradictoryüs it is dangerous. -It; 
comes loaded with the death-smell from fields wet with. 
brothers' blood. Iftbe vita) principle Of all rcpub)ican gov- 
ernment is the consent of the governed,' much more does 
a union of coequal sovereign States require, RS its-bases, the 
harmony of its members and- their -voluntary coöpcration in 
its oaganic functions." 
Mr. Chairman, thc people of the South regard 
Tl'hey believe that this 
that as the true doctrine. 
is a Government founded •in the consent of the 
people governed; and that all efforts mad(5 to 
coerce a sovereign State will be deemed ah attack 
upon the great body of tho South. -Whehöver 
such efforts are made, I venture to say--—and with 
no desire to indulge in boasting; it,is my solernn 
con viction—that every State from this to the Rio 
Grande will unite as a band of brothers, and as 
band of brothers will resist to the last; resist any 
and cvcry blow struck against a seceding State to 
compel her to remain in the Union. 
Mr. Chairman, we regard the Constitution of 
the United States as the casket in which our fore- 
fathers deposited the jewels of justice; of the in- 
surancc of domestic tranquillity; of provision for 
thc common defense; the promotion of the general 
wclfare, a_nd the security of the blesSings of liberty 
to oursclves and our posterity. Those were the 
iewels deposited in the casket. When you rifle 
It of these treasures, do you suppose that eulogies 
upon the glorious Union will attach the people and 
the States of the Smith to it? ND, sir; thev Will 
dash it from them as an unholy thing. It 'is the 
trcasurc that givcs it value, and not that, in •,vhich 
the treasure is contained. 
But .1 have hcard the idea frequently thrown 
out that vou do not mean to make war upon the 
seceding States; that all you mean to do is, to Ict 
tl'hem do without the United States courts and' post: 
It is dcclarcd that this Government will' 
offces. 
let the sccediog States do without the advanta«res 
of this Union, while they will bo compelled to pay 
their share of the revenue. Thatisthe sort of coer- 
cion whicl'l Georgc Ill attempted to put in force 
acyainst the revolted American colonies. Hc made 
wuu• upon them for no othm• purpose but to com- 
pct them to pay the tea tax and thc stamp duty. 
Is such a war consistent with tbc principles of 
American freedom? if so, then you can prose- 
cutc your war for the purpose of collecting the 
revenue, and yet usc no coercion. Suppose the 
Constitution of the United States made it the 
especial duty of the Government to coerce every 
State that was not willingly såbject' to its control.' 
what would you do? You would only cnforcc 
the law; the very thing, sir, you now claim thåt 
you will do, and yet you will' not coerce. 
Mr. Chairrnan, let this thing be attended to; 
not that I invite it, but let it bc attended to; 
who can imaginc thc terrible consequences that 
must result? Is it not known that one; five, or fif- 
teen States cannot bc conquered and held in sub- 
jcction? It cannot be done; nor do I claim that 
We can conquer the North. What did it cost this 
Govcrnmcnt to get fifteen hundred Seminole ',var- 
ri.ors out of the everglades of Florida? We ox- 
pcnded more than thirty million dollars out of 
the public Treasury in that little war; and 
when you talk of conquering States, the whole 
arithmetic fails in figures to count the cost that 
I submit this, not as a 
will follow the attempt. 
threat, but as the plain consequences of an act of 
If such policy as this is to result 
this character. 
in no good to any portion of the Union, but in 
interminable evil, I submit, why is it necessary 
or expedient? And let me say, here, that all that 
is said or done upon this subject of conquering, 
or using force, or coercion, hut. adds fuel -to the 
If this Govern- 
flame through the whole South. 
men t had manifested a more peaceable disposition , 
and had, from the commencement Of this excite- 
ment, proclai med through Coogress .that no force 
would be used, I believe that not more than one 
State would have been out of the Union at this 
