438 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 17, 
time. We should have had more time for a set- 
tlement of these diffcutties. 
'I"he remedy, if remedy there be, is in concilia- 
tion. Read, if you please, your writers upon the 
subject of national law, and they universally con- 
cur in the idea that the true and proper mode of 
putting down civil war is to grant to the people 
what they ask. And what has the South. asked 
which should not be granted? She has never 
come into the Congress of the United States and 
asked for the passage of a law favoring and estab- 
lishing slavery upon any portion of the continent. 
She has only asked that all the rights we have 
shall be protected by the Government. We do 
not get rights from this Government. We have 
them over and above the Government. The Gov- 
ernment does not create rights, but only protects 
them. Governments are established to protect 
rights; and we on!y ask that Congress shall pass 
laws to protect rights which we already possess 
If this matter is to be settled—and possibly it yet 
may be—it must be done by a concession. And 
what do you yield? What do our northern friends 
yield? Nothmg; absolutely nothing. They will 
have the same rights in the Territories which 
we will have. The feeling all over the South is, 
equality in (hc Union, or independence out of 
it." That is the watchword. That is the feeling 
of our people of all sections, so far as my inform- 
ation extends. 
My constituents have not been, not have I 
been, for secession. We have hoped for safety 
in the Union; and have desired that all means to 
effect that end shall be exhausted before a resort is 
had to disunion. But while we waited for your 
returnino• sense of justice towards us, disunion 
has overtaken us; four, and perhaps five, States 
have seccdcd; and the forts and arsenals, from 
North Carolina to the Rio Grande, are nearly all 
in possession of the seceding States. W c can be 
content with no adjustment that will not unite 
the South with us. 'I'•he southern States have a 
common interest and a common destiny. 
You censure the southern States for their pre- 
cipitancy. Upon this subject we of the border 
slave States have more reason to complain than 
you. They and we have told you for years, in 
the most solcmn manner, that we could not sub- 
mit to your aggressions, and entreated you to for- 
bear; yet you have not heeded, but have insulted 
us and told us that it was with us mere boastful- 
ness. 
You complain that the seceding States have 
seized the forts and other public property. These 
forts were permitted to be erected in these States 
for their defense, and the arms that have been 
taken were placed there for thc same purpose. 
The Federal Government has no right to use this 
property for any other purpose. And whenever 
the pcople who had granted the sites of the forts 
for their defimse discovered that tl'ley were to be 
used for the opposite purpose—of an attack upon 
—it was not only just, but wise, fbr them to 
them 
sec that they were pse,d for their defense, thc lc- 
gitimate purposc for which they '•.verc erected. 
You complain that Florida and other States were 
purchased and paid for, and that they cannot, 
therefore, scccde. Gen demen are surciy for reviv- 
ing the doctrines of the dark ages of t.hc common 
law, by which they would make the inhabitants of 
the purchased territory villains in gross; attached 
to the freehold, and bought and sold wit.h it. Flor- 
idacost $5,000,000. Every Sta•tc oftheold thirteen 
was purchased. They cost the blood of the Rev- . 
olution—a price greatly abovc that paid for our 
In all the treatics ac- 
subsequent acqmsilions. 
quiring territory, we havc stipulated for their 
admission as States upon terms of equality with 
the original States. Ehis fact at once answers 
this objection. The States, new and old, arc equal 
in rights in every particular. 
You could ha•ve quieted the country, and re- 
stored peace and prosperity, at no sacrifice but 
the yieldingofyoyr prejudices. Wccannot, with- 
In the language of a dis- 
out ruin and dishonor. 
tinguished southerner: 
We inay gor a generation enjoy comparative case, 
gather up our feet ill our beds, and die in peace; but, our 
children will go forth beggared froin the hotnes or their 
fathers. Fishernnen wit! east their nets where your proud 
conunerciai navy now rides at anchor, and dry them upon 
the shore now covcrcd •witli your bales of merchandise. 
underinined, 
the institutions ot• 
Sapped, circumvented, 
and ',vitllin five and twenty 
vour soil wilt be overthrown ; 
years the history of St. wili be the record of the 
South. If dead men's bones can trenrh)e, ours Wii] ruove 
under the muttered curses of sons and daughters, denounc- 
ing the blindness and love ofease which have left them an 
inheritance of woe." 
This calamity 'uve will avert; peaceably if we 
can, forcibly if we must. 
[Here the hammer fell.] 
Messrs. SICKLES and ASHLEY next ad- 
dressed the committee on the existing condition 
of the country. [Their speeches will be pub- 
lished in the Appendix.] 
Mr. PENDLETON obtained the floor. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The hour is late, 
the committee is wearicd, and I ask the gentle- 
man from Ohio to give way to a motion that the 
committee rise. 
Mr. GROW. I understand that the agreement 
yesterday was, that all general debate upon the 
Armv bill should close to-day, when the commit- 
tee should rise. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that 
such was the nnderstanding. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Inasmuch as the 
chaii•man of the Committee of Ways and Means 
has thc right of an hour to reply, trust that, by 
unanimous consent, my colleague shall be allowed 
to Proceed in the morning. 
The CHAIRMAN. Chair will state that 
yesterday it was agreed, by general consent, that 
general debate should cease upon the bill to-day. 
Mr. GROW. I shall object to any change of 
the agreement while the chairman of the Commit- 
tee of Ways and Moans is absent. 
The CHAIRMAN. Is the proposition of the 
gentleman from Ohio objected to? 
Mr. GROW. If of Commit- 
tcc of Ways and Means were hero, I would leave 
the matter to hill); but as he is absent, I must ob- 
ject to any change. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 to make a 
Inasmuch as 
tion to both sides of the Hoüse. 
next week the report of the committee of thirty- 
threc is made the special order, and will bc open 
to debate then, it is desirable to have this Army 
bill disposed of to-morrow, so that it may be sent 
to the Senate bcfbre we "Ct into that discussion 
of next week. 
Mr. GROW. I have no objection to continninæ 
this debate to-day as long as the conunittce desire. 
Mr. VALLAINI)IGI-IAM. The committee 
can consent that my colleague may go on to-mor- 
row. 
The CHAIRMAN. Penn- 
sylvania objects to any change of the understand- 
ing of yesterday. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 appeal to him to 
withdraw his objection. 
Mr. GROW. I must insist upon my objection, 
since the chairman of the Committee of Ways 
and Means is "N.)t pi•esent. 
Mr. VALLANDIGI-IAM. we shall have an 
abundance of tirne to-morrow. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. W h v not go on this evening? 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. -Now, as the chair- 
man of the Committee of Ways and Means has 
just come in, I make another appeal to allow my 
colleague to ("0 on to-morrow, and then, if tbc 
committee wish to procced to-night with other 
spcechcs, I shall not object. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to that arrangement 
for to-morrow. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand there are quitc 
a number of gentlemen who desire to speak to- 
night. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 must object to 
goinff on to-night without a quorum, unless my 
colleague shall be permitted to have the floor to- 
morrow morning. 
Mr. SHERM'AN. 1 no objection to my 
colleague speaking to-morrow, or at any other 
I do not want to be placed in the position 
time. 
of objecting. 
insisted on by any one, I shall insist that debate 
shall not proceed t.o-night without a quorum. 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from 
Ohio insist upon the motion that the committee 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. do. 
Mr. VANDEVER. It understood yester- 
I day that discussion on thc Army bili should close 
to-day, with the exception that the chairman of 
tl-ne Committee of Ways and Menns should have 
I see no good reason for changing the 
an hour. 
arrangement which was made yesterday. 
Mr. PERRY. I wish to say to the gentleman 
from Ohio, that if he does not desire to proceed 
to-night, I have a few remarks I desire to sub- 
mit, and I am prepared to eo on to-night. 
Mr. PENDLETON. With the permission of 
my colleague, will resume the floor, as I do not 
see that the object he has sought to accomplish is 
likely to be attained. I do not desire to detain 
the committee at a time when they are worn out; 
but if it is their will that I should go on to-night, 
I will do so, rather than lose the opportuuity of 
speaking. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then 1 withdraw 
my motion. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I understand 
that several gentlemen are willing, and prefer to 
go on with their •speeches to-night. The gentle- 
man fronl Ohio does not desire to do so until to- 
morrow. If the centleman is compelled to pro- 
ceed to-night, is It the understandi ng upon Lhe 
part of the committee that dcbate upon this bill 
shall terminate to-night? If not, it is hardly 
worth while to compel the gentleman to proceed 
now. 
CHAIRMAN. The tho 
commutee vesterday was, that general debate u pon 
thc Army bill should be closed at the rising of the 
committee to-day. 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 desire to make an appeal to 
my friends upon this side of the House. The 
gelltleman from Ohio has always been courteous 
to our side of the House, and I think it is no 
more than just to reciprocate that courtesy. If he 
dcsires to speak to-morrow, the chairman of the 
committee will have the opportunity to respond, 
and there will be one speech on each side. Let 
that be understood; then, if other gentlemen de- 
sire to proceed tö-night, they can do so. 
Mr. JENKINS. Is it the that 
no business will be transacted this evening? 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that 
there was no such understanding. 
Mr. JENKINS. lhope will be such an 
understanding, so that members may not be 
obliged to remain hcrc. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If there is an un- 
dorstanding that no business shall be transacted, 
I presume this debatc can "0 on this evening in- 
definitely. 
'rhe CHAIRMAN. Is any objection to 
thc gentleman from Ohio having the floor in com- 
mitteo to-morrow morning? 
No objection was madc; and Mr. PENDLETON 
yielded the floor for to-night. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, 1 rise to speak 
for New England and tbc Union. i arn acitizen of 
the United States, and to its Government i owe 
allegiance. While I am proud to acknowledge 
this, I cannot forget that I am a son of New Eng- 
land; that I was born and reared among the hills 
I love the Union, 
that circle her happy homes. 
but I love New England none the less for this; it 
is a part of my country, and as such has added to 
lier past glory and renown. 
I atu not unnfindful of the fact, that the land of 
the Pilgrims has for many years becn made thc 
point of attack from her sister States in this Con- 
federacy. She has been accused of treason, fanat- 
icism, and disloyalty to the Union and Constitu- 
tion. 
And now, when treason and rebellion are stalk- 
ing abroad through the land; when men are turn- 
ing to each other and anxiously inquiring for 
some plan, some scheme, or compromise, that 
will avertand drive back the storm, but few amonc 
the Union-savers inquire after New England, or 
consult her Representatives as to the terms of set- 
dement to be agreed upon. 
'6 Slowli her off" seems to be a favorite idea 
with certain gentlemen on both sides of Mason 
and Dixon's line. We hear much said about a 
southern confederacy, a great central confederacy, 
and a Northwestern confederacy; while a com- 
mon idea seems to take possession of the minds 
of all these political schemers that New England 
shall be left out in the cold. When gentlelnen sit 
down to cut and carve up this great and glorious 
Union into petty , contemptible confederacies; they 
draw their lines and mark their boundaries with 
a view to the utter exclusion of the six North- 
eastern States. More especially do our southern 
brethren, when speaking Of Yankee land," put 
on lordly airs of derision and contempt, while 
they disclaim ail desire any longer to maintain 
