440 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 17, 
one half of the same having been built in Maine, 
These vessels had a tonnage of 79,434.73. Dur- 
ing the same time the cotton Mates built 31 ves- 
sels, carrying a tonnage of only 3,079.25. In 1860, 
89 ships and barks were built in the United 
States. Of this number '78. were built in New 
England. The great mass of the Shipping for the 
whole Union has been built, for years, by New 
England mechanics. 
In works of internal improvement New Eng- 
land comparatively is ahead of any other section 
of the Union, and far in advance of the cotton 
in 1854, New England had built and in 
States. 
operation 3,353 miles of railroads, and 165 miles 
In these works she had invested 
of Canals. 
$121,425,422, being morc than onc fourth of all 
the capital invested in railroads and canals in the 
"I'he six cotton Stales had, at tho 
United States. 
same time, 2,006 miles of railroads, and 230 
miles of canals, and had invested in these works 
$35,459,283; only about one sixth of the amount 
invested by New England. The whole capital 
invested ill) railroads and canals in the United 
Statesin 1854, was $489,603,028. In 1852 the States 
of this Union owed in the aøcrreoate the sum total 
of Of this amount the New Eng- 
land States owed only $6,854,905; bcil')g only 
about one thirtieth part of the whole debt. T hc 
six cotton States owed , in 1852, $28,697,592; more 
than four times the amount of indebtedness on 
the part of the New England States. 
The currency of New EnglancPis the soundcst 
in tile Union. In 1850 she had 500 banks, having 
a capital invested of $119,590,423. They had in 
circulation, in loans and discounts, #179,992,420. 
The six. cotton States had at the same tillie but 62 
banks, with a. capital of and a circu- 
lation, in loans and discounts, of $81 'The 
banks in Now England are, as a whole, the most 
'P heir notes pass 
reliable of any in •t.he country. 
at less discount, by •way of exchange, than those 
of any other banking institutions in the country. 
If It is said, New England docs not bcar her 
full proportions of the public burdens in thc Con- 
fedcracy, let me give you a rnathcmatical dmnon- 
Ntration which blows away all such charges like 
i cite it to show how 
chaff before the wind. 
other portions of the Union suffer pecuniarily in 
conscqucncc of their Federal relations with New 
England. The Postnmster General, in his an- 
nual report made to 2 ho last session of the present 
Congress, gave us a schedule of the receipts and 
expenditures of each State in that Department for 
the year ending Junc 30, 1859. From this it ap- 
pears that there was an excess of expenditures, 
over the receipts, of $6,376,733 04; but when you 
take the schedule for New England, you -will find 
not one doliar of this excess can be char«ed to 
her. On the other hand, New England paid all 
hcr own bills, and had an excess of"receipts over 
her expenditures of $67,556 07; which sunri went 
into the common fund to relieve the States havinc 
a deficit. 
How was it with the six cotton States. Their 
receipts •,vcre $772,987 24, their expenditures 
$2 289,583 17; leaving the General Government to 
pay jor t.hern the nice' little sum of $1,566,595 83 
ani'l!lally. The Federal Government pays them 
three dollars, where it receives one back. No won- 
der the " Kingdom of South Carolina graciously 
allows the United States to keep up its postal 
after it has, 
nrrancvement within the 
through fire and sword, marched out of this ac- 
cursed Union." And I. suppose the other seced- 
ing States will allow " Uncle Sam" to do what 
they cannot do themselves—carry their rnails at 
an enormous expense, cven if it be in föroign Gov- 
ernments. Massachusetts, the most wealthy New 
England State, pays all her bills for carryin!t the 
mall and for post office accommodations, with an 
excess of $157,622 51; while Georgia, thc most. 
wealthy of the six cotton States, pays into the 
Treasury *168,664 73, and draws ont $358,180 03. 
The following table, prepared from the Postmas- 
ter General 's report, proves the facts above stated: 
POST ()FFICE RECEIP'rs AND EXPENDITURES, 1659. 
Sic Cottou States. 
South Carolina.... 
Georgia ...... 
Florida.... ..... 
Alabama... 
Mississippi 
Louisiana.... 
Receipts. Fzpend-itwrcs, 
$107,536 12 
168,664 73 
25,932 41 
129,103 23 
101,549 12 
196,201 
10 
358,180 03 
171,184 76 
393.628 90 
777,517 50 
24 $2.289,583 17 
Mr. Chairman, I do not make these compari- 
sons for the purpose of assailing any of the States 
of this Union, but I do it to vindicate New Eng- 
land from the eternal clamor that has been raised 
against her by her sister States in the South. 
I ask our brethren of the South, and of the 
middle States, of the Pacific coast and of the great 
Northwest, to lay aside your prejudices; and .as 
the great oncc said of Massachusetts, I 
now say of New England: " there she stands, 
look at her." Look at her ships riding upon every 
ocean, and her commerce wllitening every sea; 
look upon her beautiful harbors, hef broad, ex- 
pansive bays, her glassy lakes, her flowing rivers, 
and gurgling water-falls; look at her fertile val- 
leys, her gentlc slopes, and cloud-capped mount- 
ains; look at her magnificent cities, teemincr with 
lifö, activity, commerce, and trade; at her beauti- 
ful villages, •where the charming notes of industry 
greet each comincr morn and salute the partin«y 
day; look at her thousand farm-houses and white i 
cottages dotting her landscapes ; her bleating flocks 
and lowing herds roaming upon thousand hills; 
look at her lofty spires, from whose sounding 
domes thc church-going bell greets each relurnil)ff 
Sabbath morn; at her halls bf science and erudi- 
lion; at her school-houses, where Presidents and 
Senators and warriors are Inade; look at her gi- 
gantic mills, VI hose busy htun forcvcr chants the 
dignity of labor and cheers on the hand of indus- 
try to a rich reward; look at her asylums, her 
hospitals, her splendid humane institutions , where 
the blind arc restored to sight, the lame taught, to 
earnest look at that goodly heritage lcft us by our 
fathers, and then tell mc if, in the honesty and 
hearts, you cannot exclaim: 
sincerity of your 
bravc land Qf the Pilcrrims, " Wilh all thy faults 
we love thec still!" 
Our southern brethren may have forgotten the 
glorious past; l;ut New England 's sons still lin- 
leap and the dumb to sing. A y, sir, givc one iong, have given way to fearful forebodings and sullen 
England. 
N (nv Ila:npshire..... ..... 
Vermont.... 
Connccticut..... 
Massachusetts. 
Rhode 
Receipts. 
.. $154,523 21 
103,319 27 
103.218 30 
}89.'306 
601',249 40 
66,665 69 
$1.2•24.281 48 
Ecpenditures. 
83 | 
137,742 34 
202,392 95 
449,626-89 
156,725 41 
ger in their thoughts around the. council-fires of 
the Revolution. You sent us a Washington, to 
lead our armies a€rainst a hireling, Inercenary {be; 
we sent you a Greene, to defend your homes and 
fircsidcs acrainst invaders from abroad and tories 
at home. Your lathers and our fathers, side by 
side, amid the winds and frosts and snows of, win- 
ter, the sultry heat and scorching suns of summer, 
fought and toiled and suffered seven long years 
to Burchase the blessinff we are now enjoying. 
To-day they are sleeping that sleep which knows 
no waking" in a common grave. Notwithstand- 
ing wc have a common history, a common in- 
heritance, our brethren of thc South, in a hostile 
manner, threaten to cut asunder alk Federal rela- 
tions with their brethren of the free States, and 
especially of New England. 
New England has an interest in the preser- 
vation of this Union beyond mere love of a 
common country. Her hardv sons are found in 
every State and Territory. They have cone out 
from the old northeastern hive to build the 
commerce of your cities; to navigate your rivers, , 
lakes, and seas; to clear your forests, and people 
your prairies. They have carried along With 
them the enterprise, the genius, the moral training, 
the love of learning, and good order, which have 
always characterized the home of their fathers. 
In the East and the YVest, in the North and the 
South, upon every advancilv wave in the flood- 
tidc of civilization, you will find the brave sons 
of New England struggling onward ! onward ! 
amid the raging* of the elements, and the howl- 
ings of the storm. -VVho first penetrates your 
forests, and who first pitches his tent upon the 
rolling prairies of the Great West? Nonc but the I 
hardy pioneer frh) New England. 
And here let me remark, when New Enßland 
sends out hcr sons to her sister States, she often 
parts with her brightest lewels. You take New 
England boys for your Governors, your judges, 
your Senators, and your Representatives; you 
honor them, and they honor you. The first Rep- 
resentative from Texas upon this floor was a son 
ahd emigrant from Maine. The first Delegate ands_i 
first Representative to Congress from Oregon were 
sons of Maine; both natives of 111 y own county. 
Maine gave to M ississippi the brigh test in tellectual 
gem of w'hich she ever could boast—I mean the 
distinguished, the eloquent, the brave, and gon- 
erons Sargeant S. Prentiss. And here upon this 
floor, and in the other end ofthc Capitol, wc find 
sons of Now England representing almost every 
State in the Union. Among their number upon 
this floor, they come from New York, from Penn- 
sylvania, from Ohio, from Tennessee, from Illi- 
nois, from Missouri, from Michigan, and from 
Wisconsin. 
Amoncr the distinguished statesmen who, in 
times past, have shed such a halo of glory upon 
the country and the world , New England has fur- 
nished her full share. If the Sonth boasts of her 
Calhoun, and the Wcst of her Clay, cannot New 
England, with equal pride, point to her Webster ? 
And now," we arc told by our southern brethren 
that all these fraternal relations, which have so 
long becn fostered, chcrisbcd,and loved, must be 
broken off; that the old flag, which has for more 
than eicrhty years been floating upon the land' and 
thc waters; which has been the pride and protec- 
tion of the citizens of this Republic, at horne and 
abroad, must be pulled down and traunpled in the 
dust, and the palmetto, with a wriggling, crawl- 
ing snake, substituted in its stead. 
Mr. Chairman, this leads me to a few reflections 
upon the fearful crisis which now seems to be 
upon us. Ninety days ago, this nation was in the 
very flood tide of prosperity. Never before wore 
thc people of the United States in a condition to he 
happier or better contented. This bright picture 
In the North, business 
is now vailed in gloom. 
is deranged, labor is depressed; while an uncer- 
tainty as to the future paralyzes its industrial 
In the South, the peaceful avocations 
pursuits. 
of life are laid aside; quiet no longer reigns around 
the fireside; bright hopes and glowing aspirations 
gloom. Commerce has been driven from her cities; 
her marts of trade gradually disappear before the 
measured tread of martial array. Civil war lifts 
his ghastly head and rattling bones, while the 
very heavens are black with rcvolution and do- 
mestic strife. 
What is all this for? But one answer can be 
It is because the people of the United 
given . 
States have, under the forms.of raw, and in strict 
conformity with the provisions of the Constitu- 
It is because Mr. Lin- 
tion,elcctcd a President. 
coln, and not Mr. Douglas, or Brcckinridge, or 
Bell, has been elected. " Rule or ruin' 
only policy that rules the hour in a portion of the 
South. How shall it be met by the friends of the 
Union? The real question at issue is whether we 
have ever had a Government; whether, as a na- 
tion, we have even had any of the elements of 
self-preservation. 
If the doctrines we hear from 
men of South Carolina politics are true, the whole 
country has been under a delusion for seventy 
If, under the Constitution, a State has a 
years. 
right to go out of the Union at pleasure, then a 
city in a Statc has a right to secede from a State; 
a ward has a right tb secede from a city; and any 
individual in a ward, if he feels himself oppressed 
by thc restraints of law, has a constitutional 
right to secede and declare himself indcpendcnt 
of all lawr and all government. The constitutional 
arcrument of secessionists, if they are good for 
anything, go to this extent. They contend that 
secession is a reserved constitutional right, and 
that it is found in articles nine and ten in the 
amendments to thc Constitution: 
The powers not delegated to the United States by the 
Constitütion, nor prohibiied by it to the States, are reserved 
to the States respectively, or to the people." 
Under this rcscrvatlon thc people, or one man 
from amoncr the people, both or cither, have just 
as clear a right to secede as a State. The doc- 
trine of secessionists goes to this extent, that the 
people, when they made the Constitution, reserved 
the right in the instrument itself, to destroy it at 
pleasure. •This theory is destructive of all gov- 
ernments. If' we have a Constitution and laws 
framed in obedience thereto, neither havc any 
inherGnt power or vitality to protect themselves 
against a mob, a banditti of lawless men, who 
choose to exercise their reserved rimhts, and set 
up rebellion. There is another idea advanced by 
secessionists, in connect,ion with the one already 
noticed, which to my mind, is cqually illogical 
