1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
and absurd. They contend that -they not only 
have a right to secede from the Union, but they 
claim it shall be a peaceful right. Tbc only logic 
to sustain this position is found in the assumption 
that necessity makes law." 
But it is no part of my purpose to argue the 
constitutional right of secession. The whole the- 
ory is a modern invention—a political heresy, 2•e- 
pudiated and condemned by a long line of eminent 
Jurists and statesmen. 
Secession is rebellion and revolution. No fine- 
spun theories or abstractions can ever change the 
fact. Again: the statesman who denics the right 
of secession and at the same time contends there 
is no remedy against it, stands upon equally un- 
tenable grounds. An observance of the laws im- 
plies force, for one gannot exist without the other. 
Che seizure of the Un ited States arsenal at Charles- 
ton by an unlawful armed force, was just as much 
treason as was the attempt of John Brown to do 
the same thing at Harper's Ferry. Thcrc is but 
one tenable ground upon which the secessionists 
can base their attempts at secession, and that is 
to fall back upon the rigbt of revolution; and by 
this rulc will they be judged by posterity. 
Mr. Chairman, the North has another demand 
made upon it for concessions and now compro- 
The laws of Congress have been set at 
nuscs. " 
defiance; our arsenals have been plundered; our 
forts wrested from us by violence, and our own 
guns turned upon American citizens, peacefully 
sailing under the American flag. Under these 
circumstances, New England and the North are 
called upon to concede, to givc up, to surrender. 
As to overtures for peace, I can only judge of 
thcm when they come up for action. I reserve to 
myself the right to vote for or against any bill 
that may find its way into this House. 'I'here 
are, however, certain principles which will gov- 
I never will 
orn my action in all these matters. 
vote for any bill, or amendment of the Constitu- 
tion, which will, by implication, cither directly or 
indirectly, or otherwise, extend slavery over a 
single foot of free territory, or that will sanction 
or establish itin any of the Territories of the Uni- 
ted States. Thosc issues have been squarely and 
understandingly submitted to the American peo- 
ple, and they have passed judgment upon them, 
and by no act of mine shall that solemn decision 
be reversed. I will vote for no amendments to the 
Constitution which will " convey the idea" that 
that sacred instrcufient " creates property in man. " 
" idea" ought not 
Mr. Madison thought such an 
to be incorporated into it; and Lhave no ambition 
to set up my opinion against his. With the Gov- 
ernor of my State, I believc it right that the per- 
sonal liberty bills of the several States should bc 
examined, and if found in conflict with the Con- 
stitution, they should be either modified or re- 
pealed. As an offset to this, I would have the 
fugitive slave law so modified as to secure to the 
fugitive a jury trial. 
While I would leave each State to the free and 
fall enjoyment of its own domestic institutions, 
and give them adequate remedies against invasion 
or lawless mobs coming from other States, I 
would demand and have full and complete pro- 
tectior' for citizens from the free States, when 
traveling in the slave States. 
Southern gentlemen complain of us because we 
fail to turn out and catch their runaway negroes, 
and for this would break up the Union; yet, at 
the same time, they suffer our own citizens—the 
white men of the North—who have never cotn- 
mittcd any offense against any of their laws or 
regulations, while peaceably traveling in their 
States, to be seized on merc suspicion by armed 
any reasonable concessions that would not involve 
a sacrifice of principle or be construed into an 
abandonment of the doctrines of thc Chicago plat- 
form. To the rebels in the cotton States, who are 
preaching and practicing treason, who are tramp- 
ling the national flag in the dust, who are seizing 
our forts and stealing our arms, I have- no com- 
promises to offer. They ask for none, and I 
would offer none. So long as they stand with 
arms in their hands; so long as they stand point- 
ing their weapons of dcath at American citizens; 
so long as they forcibly resist the laws of om• 
common country, my voice is for war. That 
Government which negotiates with traitors or 
surrenders to armed rebels, deserves the contempt 
of the whole civilized world. 
Mr. Chairman, I desire to make suggestion 
or two, ofa practical nature, and I have done. I 
am not among the number who believe our Gov- 
crnment a weak Government. The powers dele- 
gated to it under the Constitution clothc it with 
suffcient authority and power to protect itself 
against foes without and foes within. The pres- 
cnt perilous condition of tho country has not arisen 
from any inherent defects in our Govbrnment'to 
execute its own powers and functions; but from 
the vacillating, timid, truckling, treasonable con- 
duct of those charged with the execution of the 
laws. What can vv'e expect, when the President 
of the United States retains openly avowed dis- 
unionists in his Cabinet for his constitutional ad- 
visers; when he makes acn•ecments with men that 
he knosvs arc plotting the overthrow of the Gov- 
ernrnent, that he will not place the forts belong- 
ing to the Union in a state of defense? What can 
wc expect, when the Chief Magistrate of this great 
nation sits down to parley with men in open re- 
belli011 against thc laws and against the Govern- 
ment? 1 answer, just such a state of affairs as 
now exists. 
In almost cvcry speech that has been madc in 
Congress by the disunionists, at the present scs- 
sion, we have had strong and earnest appeals made 
to the friends of the Union. to allow the seceding 
States to go outin peace. *YVhile the Represent- 
atives of the cotton States havc been eligaged at 
the Capitol in crying peace, peace, their constit- 
uents at home have been sounding the tocsin of 
war. The property of the Government, which 
they have bought and paid for, has been seized; 
our forts , arsenals, and rnunitioos of war have been 
. taken forcibly from tho hands of our own officers; 
American guns have been turned upon American 
citizens; and the great highway of the Mississippi 
blocked up by armed mobs. Mcn may cry peace; 
but. there no peace. And shall we sit here under 
the sy ren song of peace until revolution and rebel- 
lion has done its work? Shall we bc lulled into 
a false security until the gums of the enemy are 
thundering at the gates of the Capitol? 
We are now dealing with stern realities, and 
not with imaffinary evils. W c are told we have 
no constitutional right to make war upon a sov- 
ereign State? In the name of fairness, I ask who 
has "dono it? Who fired tho first gun in CharlOs- 
ton harbor—the, Government or those who are 
acting to overthrow it? The grave question forces 
itself upon us, what shall be done when a State 
makes war upon the Government? Can the vio- 
lators of the law—the men who are making war 
upon the Government—when called upon to an- 
swer for their offenses, hide themselves behind 
the specious . plea of State sovereignty? These 
are questions that must be settled—not theoreti- 
cally, but practically. 
While I would exhaust every constitutional 
remedy for the sake of peace, it is my fixed and 
discharge of this duty,: he is met; by foi'd% 
would place at his commånd the Army aid 'Ndvy• 
and purse of the nation. Sir, this. Union must* 
and shali -be preserved. The experiment of self-' 
government is not yet exhausted. •It-would be 'A 
shame, an everlasting reproach to' Ehe Ameriéah 
name, to allow it to be destroyed by the hand- Ofc 
domestic violence. Every' citizen of this—vast 
Republic has a direct interest in itspreservation-. 
To say that this great, this mighty and powerful 
Republic has no power to perpetuate its own ex- 
istence, to protect its property and citizens, is to 
manifest a weakness of which we -never. have 
been suspected at home or abroad. The great 
heart of the American people beats responsive to 
the preservation of the Union.• Madness may 
rule the passing hour, yet reason will ere long re- 
turn and resume it wonted sway. Men, frenzied 
with an unhealthy excitement, may raise the 
hand of violence againstthQ best Government the 
world ever saw; but the hallucination will: pass 
away, and they will then wonder at their own 
folly. Gloom may hang over us like d dark por- 
tentous cloud; the deep shadows of night may 
gather around our dwellings at noonday; yet; in 
a little while, the thunder ceases its loud roar, 
the clouds flit away before the splendor ofa me- 
ridian sun, the. rainbow of promise again spans 
the political heavens, and the angel ofpeacc again 
spreads his dewy wings over a happy land. 
Mr. HUTCHINS moved that the committee 
mse. 
The motion •was agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker havingr 
resumed the chair, Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, 
reported that the Committee of the Whole on. the 
state of the Union had, according to order, had 
the Union generally under co-nsiderationj and par- 
ticularly a bill making appropriations for the sup- 
port of the Army for the year ending June 30, 
1862, apd had come to no conclusion thereon. 
EBEN ADAMS. 
Mr. DUELL. I ask the unarnmous consent 
of the House that the Committee of the Whole be 
discharged from the further consideration of the 
bill of the House (No. 833) for the relief of Eben 
Adams, and that the same be put upon its pas- 
sage. It is a very •small matter, and I hope there 
will be no objection. 
Mr. N I BLACK. I have remained h cre for 
the very purpose of seeing that no business was 
transacted in so thin a House. There is no quorum 
present. 
Mr. DUELL. Certainly the gentleman will 
allow the bill to be read ? 
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 object, upon principle, to 
transacting business, and especially to passing 
bills, without a quorum or the I-Ionse. 
Mr. DUELL. ask the gentleman to consent 
that the bill bc taken up, and then be allowed to 
go over until to-morrow morning, when there will 
be a quorum present. 
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 will say that 1 have rc- 
maincd here by special request to watch this very 
kind of legislation. If somebody does not do 
that, business will be done without a quorum. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Perhaps the 
gentleman will hear the bill read. 
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 have no objection to that. 
The bill which, was read, directs the Secretary 
of the Treasury to pay Ehen Adams, of the State 
of New York, $344 16, in full for extra services 
performcd•by him on mail route No. 1391, from 
the 1st of .Tuiy, 1857, up to the 1st of June, 1860. 
Mr. DUELL. It is a very just claim. 1 ask 
that the report may bc read. 
mobs, and murdered in cool blood. Others are 
whipped, have their heads shaved, are tarred and 
feathered; while there is no insult that can be 
invent.ed by lawless violence that is not practiced 
upon them. Should an American citizen be thus 
treated abroad, it would be a cause for immediate 
•war. These outrages are common occurrences; 
and I have yet to learn that the civil authorities 
in these States have ever, in a-single instance, 
' made any attempts to enforce the laws a«rainst 
the villains who ore guiitv of these atrocities. 
The freemen of New Englaöd want no Union' 
which consigns their own citizens to thc demon- 
like fury of an infuria_ted mob. 
To our brethren in the slave States who are sin- 
settled opinion that the laws must be firmly ox-I Mr. LNIBLACK. Read it. 
ecuted under the Constitution. The President I The report, which was read, shows that the pe- 
has no discretionary powcr in this matter, and it i titioner became the contractor upon mail route 
number 1391 (New York) on the 1st day of July, 
is the. duty of Congress to come to his support, 
and use all constitutional means to aid him in the II 1857, for the yearly compensation of #590, and 
discharge of this duty. It is equally the duty of! that he has performcd tho service up to this time. 
the President, and of Congress within the scope i It further appears that the schedule for said route, 
of its constitutional authority, to protect the prop- as advertised by the Postmaster General, was to 
crty of the United States acrai'nst foreign aggres- leave Cortland Village daily-for Pitcher, and to 
leave Pitcher for Cortland Village•oply three times 
Sion and domestic violence. 
Entertaining these opinions, I would have the per N.veek; that he v.ras the contractor prior to 
1 1857, and he then, under his contract, carried said 
President collect the revenues in every southern 
mail six times per week from Pitcher to Cortland; 
port, and every other port in the Union, peace- 
Ably if he can, forcibly if he must. More than I thåt after July 1, 1857, at the urgent request of 
this, I would have him maintain the national flag the inhabitants on thc said route, hc conveyed 
said mail six times per week from Pitcher to Cort- 
cerely laboring to save the Union, I would cxtcnd at every hazard, over every fortification, arsenal, 
the olive branch of peace. To them I would make I dock-yard and navy-yard in the Union. If, in thc land, a distance of twenty miles, and has on those 
