442 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 18, 
extra trips reached Cortland Village in time to 
connect With the great northern mail per the Sy- 
racuse and Bingbampton zaih•oad. The business 
upon this route seemed to require a daily mail 
from Pitcher to Cortland, as well as on the return 
to Pitcher. As-the route extended from Coffland 
to Norwich, a distance of fbrty miles, it' became 
necessary for the petitioner to employ two teams 
to perform the service, and he ran a two-horse 
coach on the extra trips, as well as upon the reg- 
It further appears that the compensa- 
ular trips. 
*ion of $590 was inadequate for the performance of 
the service as advertised by the Department; but 
it is the fault of the petitioner if he assumed to 
carry the mail for a less sum than he could rea- 
sonably afford. 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 will state to the House that 
we consulted with the Dcpartment about this bill. 
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads 
rejected tho application on account of increased 
quantit.y of the mail, but they allowed him a com- 
pensafion on account of the extra trips which 
were necessary to bc made. 
If we take this bill up, call the previous question 
upon it, and adjourn, it will come up the first 
thirw to-morrow morniiP. 
Mr. DUELL. I trust, it may be passed now. 
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 must objept to that. 
would be wrong to do so. 
Mr. DUELL. I rnove the previous question 
upon the bill. 
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. 1 make no 
objection to calling the previous question upon 
this bill. 
I know that each case becomes a pre- 
cedent for others; and after members have loft and 
gone home, with thc expectation that no business 
wotild bc transacted, I thinlcit would be, wrong 
to put any bill upon its passage. 
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 will say to that, 
upon consultation with some of my friends, we 
came to the determination to pursue the course I 
have indicated to-day—that scnne of ns would re- 
main here for the purpose of prevcnting business 
being done without quorum. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered to be put. 
COMPROMISE RESOLUTIONS. 
Mr. T-IOLMAN. I desire the unanimous con- 
sent of the House to prcscnt the rcsolutions of a 
convention of the people of Indiana, without dis- 
tinction of partv, in favor of the Crittenden prop- 
osition, so calléd. 
No objection being made, the resolutions ware 
received and laid on -the table. 
And then, on motion of Mr. DUELL, (at fif- 
tccn minutes past four o'clock, p. m. , ) the House 
adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
FRIDAY, January 18, 186.1. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
'I'heJournaI of yesterday was read and approved. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- 
ate a report of the Secretary of the Senate, show- 
ing the names comr)onsation of t.hc persons 
employed in his office during the year 1860; w Ilich 
was laid on the table, and ordered to bc printed. 
I-Ie also Itid before the Senate a report of the 
Secretary of War, communicating, in obedience 
to law', a statement of the expenses of the national 
armories, and the arms and appendagcs made 
thercat, during the year ending June 30, 1860; 
which, on motion Of M.p. WII,.SON, was refetl.•ed I 
to the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia. 
He also laid before the Scnatc a report of the 
Secretary of War, communicating, in obedience 
to law, a statornent of the appropriations appli- i 
cablc to the service of the War Department dur- 
ing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1860; which, 
on motion of Mr. BIGLER, was referred to the 
Committee on Finance. 
He also laid before the Senate a report of the 
Secretary of the Navy, made in compliance with 
a resolution of tbc Senate of June 23, I *'60, cali- 
ing for information upon various subjects per- 
t.aining•• to the naval establishment; which, on 
motion of Mr. BIGLLR, was referred to the Com- 
mittee on Naval AfFairs. 
MOSES MEEKER. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOOT in 
the chair.) The Chair will lay before the Senate 
two bills from the House of Representatives, for The joint resolution (S. No. 58) authorizinff 
LieuteiantT. A. M. Craven, United States Navy, 
the purpose of reference. 
The biki (H. R. No. 341) for the relief of Mo- 
ses Meeker was read twice by its title. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire in asingle word 
to state to the Senate prcciscly what that bill is; 
and if there be -no objection, 1 ask that it be put 
It has come from the House of 
on its passage. 
Representatives, and is precisely like two other 
bills, which have heretofore passed both Houses, 
for the repayment, to certain miners upon the min- 
eral lands of Wisconsin, of rent illegally exacted 
before the lands were purchased of thc Indian 
tribes. An agent of the Government illegally in- 
sisted upon the payment of certain rents by the 
rniner; and this is a bill providing for their repay- 
ment, because they were illegally cnforccd by the 
agent of the Government. Ät the last session a 
bill ofa similar kind passed, and also at tho ses- 
Sion before. It does not involve a large amount. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Wisconsin asks unanimous consent to con- 
sider the bill, to which he refers, at the present 
time. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 have no objection, if he will 
let the morning business be disposed of. I want 
to offer a resolution; but I do not wish to object 
to this bill at all. 
The bill was read. 
Mr. LANE. I think the bill had better go to 
the Committee on Indian Affairs, or Claims, or 
some other committee. I think it ought to be ex- 
amined. From the" reading. of it, I cannot find 
out the amount of the claim. No facts are pre- 
sented in regard to it. I believe there is no report 
I think it ought to be 
accompanying the bill. 
examined; and I make a rnotion to refer it to the 
Committee on Indian Affairs. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A single 0b- 
jcction being interposed, the bill cannot have its 
thi rd reading to-day. 'The Senator from Oregon 
Inoves its rcfercnce to thc Committee on Indian 
Affairs. 
The motion to refer was agreed to 
GEORGE. Jl. GIDDINGS. 
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 62) for the 
benefit of H. Giddings was read twice 
by its title, and reföru•ed to the Committee on the 
Post Office and Post Roads. 
STATE OF THE UNION. 
Mr. WADE presented resolutions of the Legis- 
laturc of Ohio in relation to the present disturbed 
condition of the country; which were ordered to 
lie on the table and be printed. 
REPORT ON FINANCES. 
Mt•. GWIN submitted the following resolution ; 
which was referred to the Committee on Printing: 
Resolved, "I'hat there bc print.ed, ror the use of tile Senate, 
ten thousand additional copies or the annual report of the 
Secret.at•.y or the rrrcasurv on the finances, and five Ilun- 
dred additional copieg of the sallie for the use of the Treas- 
ury I) 
MOUNTAIN MEADOWS MASSACRE. 
Mr. LATH A iM submitted the following reso- 
lution; which was considered by unanimous con- 
sent, and agreed to. 
Rcsolved, 'I*hat the Sccretary of War transniit to this body 
the report 'Dade by Blajor Jatne.s Henry Carleton, of' t11C 
United States Arnuv•, rclatinqv to thc Inassacrc of one hun- 
wornen, and children, at the 
hundred 
and twenty fiten, 
Mountain Meadows, Utah 'J_'orritory, in Septen)ber, 1857 ; 
and all other papers relating thereto. 
PORT OF CIIARLESTON. 
Mr. SUMNER. 1 offer the resolu- 
tion, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resoh•cd, 'That t.he President of the United States be re 
quested, if not inconlpatib!c with the public interests, to 
furnish to tllC Senate a copy of all retent correspondence 
between the I)e.partlnent of' State and any tninisrers of 
toreicn Poxvers at Washington, M'ith reference to foreign 
vessels in thc port of Charleston. 
Mr. BIGLER. Let it over. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be- 
n•lade, it lies over. 
LIEUTENANT T. A. M. CRAVEN. 
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com- 
mittec 011 Foreign Relations to report a joint res- • 
It is an acknowledgment of a compli- 
olution. 
to receive certain marks of distinction tendered 
him by the Spanish Government was read twice. 
It proposes to authorize Lieutenant T. A. M. 
Craven, of the Navy of the United States, to ac- 
cept from the Spanish Government a medal and 
diploma tendered him in acknowledgment of the 
services rendered by him to the seamen of the 
Spanish vessel Bella, wrecked on Cayo Gunichos, 
in June last. 
Mr. MASON. There is a brief letter from the 
Spanish minister reciting the service, and asking 
the Government to perrnit the lieutenant to re- 
If any gentleman 
ceive this acknowledgment. 
asks for its reading, let it bc read. 
It is nqt necessary. 
Several SENATORS. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. F00T.) 
The Chair hears no objection to the considera- 
tion Of the joint resolution. It is before the Sen- 
ate as in Committce of the Whole. 
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen- 
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, 
read the third time, and passed. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. KENNEDY presented memorials 
of citizens of h'V•ashington county, Maryland, 
I praying the adoption of the compromise, meas- 
ures proposed by Mr. CRITTENDEN ; which were 
ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. BIGLER presented a momor_ial of citizens 
of Carbon county, Pennsylvania; a memorial of 
citizens of Littlestown, Adams county, Pennsyl- 
vania•, four memorials of citizens of Easton, Penn- 
sylvania; seven petitions of citizens of Philadel- 
phia, Pennsylvania; and two petitions of citizens 
of Lehigh county, Pennsylvania, severally pray- 
ing tbc adoption of the compromise measures pro- 
posed by Mr. CRITTENDEN ; which were ordered 
to lie on the table. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 ask reave to present, the 
petition of H. J. Wood ar)d many others, citi- 
zens of Rockaway, Morris county, Now Jersey, 
asking Congress to pass a joint resolution at once, 
, recommending the people•of the scvc,ral States to 
meet in convcntion on the 22d of February next, 
to appoint delegates to a ruttional con vention to 
be held in Illdepcndence Hall , Philadelphia, on the 
4th of March following, to prornote the general 
welfare of the country, and for other purposes. I 
ask that it may be referred to •the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
It wras so referred. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. I also ask leave to present 
resolutions of a public meeting recently held at 
Trenton, New Jersey, respecting the present pos- 
turc of public afl*airs, and tendering to the General 
Government all necessary support in the main- 
tcnance of tho Constitution and the laws. 
I ask 
that they be rcccived, and lie on the table. 
It was so ordered. 
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 desire to present the 
memorial of Robert W. Davis, collector of the 
port of Detroit, and thirty others, mostly Demo- 
cratic officeholders of that city, asking for the 
passage of the CRIT'rENDEN proposition. 
I move 
that it lie on the table. 
It was so ordered. 
Mr. CRI'I'TENDEN. Mr. President, 1 have 
been honored by the request of many of my fel- 
low-citizens unknown to me, but believed to be 
highly respectable, to present various memorials 
or petitions to Congress, the object o? which is 
to request that the two Houses Wii} adopt t.he 
resolutions of compromise and adjustment which 
I had the honor to present. Here is, first, one 
from Monongalia county, Virginia. Hove is an- 
other from citizens of-Philadelphia; another from 
citizens of Coles county, Illinois. Here, sir, are 
about thirty on the same subject, and to the same 
effect, , chiefly from Detroit, one or two, perhaps, 
from citizens of other parts of Michigan. 
Icave to present them to the respectful considera- 
tion of the Senate, and ask that they lie on the 
table. 
They were ordered to lic on the table. 
NOTICE OF A BILL. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice of his intention 
to ask leave to introduce a bill to indemnify the 
Inent paid to one of our naval officers by a foreign survivors of the Inassacre by Mormons -and In- 
Government. The correspondcnce is very brief. dians at Mountain Meadows, in Utah Territory, 
I hope the resolution will be passed at once. 
in 1857. 
