1861. 
WITHDRAWAL on PAPERS. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
on motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was 
Ordered, 'I'hat leavc be granted to withdraw the papers 
in the case of-Livingston, Kinkcad & Co. 
REPORT FliObi A COMMITTEE. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN from the Committee on ln- 
dian Affairs, to whom was referred a letter from 
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating a 
map of the Indian territories within the United 
States, together with a copy of thc report of the 
Commissioner of Indian affairs accompanying the 
same, asked to be discharged from its further 
consideration; which was agreed to. 
O. F. D. FAIRBANKS AND OTHERS. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 ask the indulgence of 
the Senate to •enable me to correct a mistake that 
I committed the other day in reporting back the 
bill for the rctic€ of O. F. D. Fairbanks, Frederick 
Dodge, and the Pacific Mail Steamship Company. 
I reported it back without asking for the consid- 
eration of the bill at that time. It is a bill to re- 
lieve a Government omcer from the payment of a 
small amount of money which was advanced by 
the United States and applied to a proper' object. 
It passed the House of Representatives, and I Lope 
the Senate will indulge me by its present cvsid- 
eration. It is House bill No. 127. I move to 
take, it up. 
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. 
R. No. 127 for the relief ofO. F. D. Fairbanks, 
Frederick • odge, and the Pacific Mail Steamship 
Company, was considered as in Committee of the 
It provides for the payment too. F. D. 
Whole. 
Fairbanks of #250; to Frederick Dodge, Indian 
agent at Carson's Valley, of $614 38; and to the 
Pacific Mail Steamship Company of $412 50, for 
transportation, clothing, and board of the survi- 
vors of the Sublette Cut-off massacre, in Utah 
Territory, on the 27th of July, 1859. 
'Ilhe bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to 
a third reading, read the third time, and passed. 
ENROLLED SIGNED. 
A. message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. HAY s, Chief Clerk, announced that the 
Speaker had signed thc followino• enrolled bills 
and joint resolution; which thereupon received 
the signature of the Vice President: 
A bill (S. No. 97) to authorize the institution 
ofa suit against the United States to test the title 
to lots numbered five and six in Hospital square 
in San Francisco; 
A bill (S. No. 539) to continue in force an act 
therein mentioned relating to the port of Balti- 
more; and 
A joint resolution (S. No. 57) authorizing the 
Secretary of the Treasury to permit the owners 
of the Steamboat John C. Frémont to change the 
name of thc same to that of Horizon. 
SLAVERY QUESTION. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. on a former day the 
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. CAM- 
ERON] moved to reconsider a vote of the Senate. 
ask now that that subject be taken up, and that 
the Senate will vote on .the motion to reconsider, 
hoping that the motion will be carried, and the 
q he PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Kentucky moves to taEe up the motion of 
the Senator from Pennsylvania, to reconsider the 
vote by which the resolutions of the Senator from 
New Hampshire, [Mr. CLARK,] as a substitute 
for the original resolutions of the Senator from 
Kentucky, were adopted. 
Mr. CLARK. I hope that will not be done 
now. I hope the vote on the motion to recon- 
sider, ut any rate, will not be taken when thc Sen- 
ate is not full, and when it is not expected. I 
have no objection to taking up the motion and 
fixing a time for its consideration, so that every- 
body may understand when it is coming up; but 
I object to voting on it at the present time, when 
the Senate is not full. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on taking up the motion for consideration at 
this time. 
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-five, 
noes not counted. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
now is on the motion of the Senator from Penn- 
sylvania to reconsider the vote adopting the 
amendment offered by the Senator from Ncw 
Hampshire [Mr. CLARK] as a substitute for the 
resolutions of the Senator frorn Kentucky. 
Mr. CAMERON. My motion was made to 
accommodate the Senator from Kentucky; but I 
shall vote with my friends on this side. 
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays, 
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted 
—yeas 27, nays 24; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Birder, Bragg, Bright,Clingman, 
Crittenden, Douglas, Fitch, dreen, Gwin, Hemphill, I-lun- 
ter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, 
Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, 
Pugh, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, and Slidell—27. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingharn, Cameron, 
Chandlcr, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, 
Foot, Foster, Grinnes, I-I ale, llarlan, King, Seward, Sim- 
Inons, Sunmer, 'I'en Eyck, Wade, Wi"Call, Wilkinson, and 
Wilson—'24. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. sn the Senate 
reconsiders the votc agreeing to Ilie amendment 
of the Senator frorn New Hampshire, and the 
question noq.v recurs on to that amend- 
men t. 
Mr. BIGLER. If 1 understand the position of 
things now, the amendment can bc amcnded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire is the 
question before the Senate, and it is open to 
amendment. 
Mr. BIGLER. I move to amend the amend- 
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire by 
striking (jut all after the word that," and insert- 
I wili state that it 
ing what I send to the Chair. 
is tho proposi tion which I submitted here the 
other day; and, as I understand the Senator from 
Kentucky desires to lay the measure over, I shall 
not ask for the reading of the amendment unless 
it is desired. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. will ask leave to lay a 
couple of amendments on the table, and have an 
order made to print them intormally. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That carries 
the whole subject to the table. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. No; 1 propose to lay on the 
table two amendments which will hereafter 
offer, and only ask an order to print them. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order to 
print will be made by common consent. 
Mr. G WIN. Is there anything before the Sen- 
ate now? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
mcnt of the Senator from NC w Hampshire is be- 
fore the Senate, and the amendmcnt to that amend- 
ment offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. BIGLER. Itis time, sir, that we had 
posed of this question if we int.end to act on it; 
and I to Senators whether we cannot, by 
common consent, agree to take up this subject to- 
morrow, and hold a session specially for tKat pur- 
pose, with the understanding that we shali dispose 
ofitfinalky,eithc1'to-morroworMonday. ["Mon- 
day!" " Mondav ! ' I suggest to the Senator from 
Kentucky, that VI will agree to any day which he 
will indicate, to-morrow or Monday, for tho final 
I am unwilling to 
disposition of this question. 
indicatc a day without knowing what the vtews 
of the Senator from Kentucky are. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is still pending on the amcndment offered by the 
Senator from Pennsylvania to the amendment of 
from Pennsylvania moves 'to postpone thein:eso- 
lutions until Monday at one o?clocki make 
them the special order for that hour. 
The motion was agreed to'. 
A. MATTHEWS. 
Mr. IV.ERSON. 1 ask the indulgence of,the 
Senate to take upasmall bill, which was reported 
from•the Committee on Private Lancl Claims: at 
the last session, to refund to the attorney of 
Charles W. Tosh the sum of $200, paid by him 
on the entry of a tract of land. The, tract was 
subsequently ascertained to have been covered by 
a railroad grant, and the certificate of entry has 
been canceled by the Department.' 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 desire to make a motion 
in the morning hour. 
Mr. IVERSON. This will only take a few 
minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is utterly 
impracticable to proceed with business-in the gen- 
eral confusion that prevails. 
Mr. CAMERON . I desire to make a motion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
be obliged to suspend the business of the Senate 
until the Senate sees fit to come to order. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 want to ask the Senator 
to withdraw his motion. 
Mr. IVERSON. This bill will not take five 
minutes; thereis no diffculty about it; it is merely 
I move to 
to refund #200 paid under a mistake. 
take, up Senate bill No. 321, for the relief of Rob- 
ert A. Matthews. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Read the bill. 
The Secretary road the bill, which proposes to 
direct the Commissioner of the General Land 
Offce to pay to Robert A. Matthews, attorney of 
Charles W. Tosh , the amount received from Tosh 
for one hundred and fifty-five and sixty-two hgn- 
drcdths acres of land, entered by him at the land 
offco at. Sioux City, in the State of Iowa, on the 
2d Oct.ober, 1856, as per register's certificate and 
rcceivcr's receipt, both numbered four hundéed 
and fifty-five, thc cntry having since been can- 
celed as embracing land within the limits of the 
railroad grants madc by Congress by act ap- 
proved 15th May, 1856. 
The motion to take ui the bill was agreed to; 
and it was read thc second time, and considered 
as in Committee of the Whole, and reported to 
the Senate. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That bill comes from a 
committeé of which i am a member; but I have 
no sort of recollcction of it, and I should like to 
have some explanation made of it. 
Mr. PUGH. Is that a bill to refund money 
a falsc entry of land? 
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir. 
Mr. PUG [-1. 1 should like to hear an explana- 
tion of it. The practice of the omce, and, I be- 
lieve, the law, is to repay the money wherever 
the entry is canceled, unless there arc some par- 
ticular circumstances. Therefore, if it is 
nary cøse, do not see the necessity of the bill; 
and if it is an extraordinary case, should like 
to have a little cxplanation. 
Mr. IVERSON. from the •per- 
son who is attorney in this case—Mr. Matthews 
—that the Land Office cannot 01' will not refund the 
money. do not know on what ground, uniess 
that they have not power, and it requires an act 
It was reported from the Commit- 
of Congress. 
tee on Private Land Claims; and probably the 
chairman of that committee can explain it. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. My bill 
at this moment is, that the party applying for 
this money has a power of attorney authorizing 
him to receive it; but a power of attorney bear- 
thc Senator from New Hampshire. 
N'lr. HALE. Has that tunendmcnt becn read? warrant, and, under the laws as they stand, that 
is equivalent to a trarisfer, which is forbidden by 
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the further con- 
law, prior to the issuing of the X.varrant. The 
sideration of the subject bc postponed until one 
party- to whom the money has been advanced has 
o'clock on Monday. To•morrow "To-mor- 
, i gone to somc fioreicn country, and cannot be 
I"] hVcll, one o'clock to-morrow. Oh 
found to renew his power; and the Land Office 
row . 
I will state that at-n under the 
no; Monday! 
therefore desires some authority to recognize this 
apprehension that several Senators have made 
arrangements in reference to to-morrow, which power of attorney, to enable it to pay the money; 
derstands the Senator frotn Kentucky to move to 
take up that subject now with a view to fixing a will make it very difficult for them to be present. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed; and read 
Is the Chair 
the third time; and it was read the third & time, 
day hereafter for its consideration. 
tion of the resolutions be postponed until one 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 desire. to have the I o'clock Monday, 1 should have f and passed. 
in error? 
vote taken on the motion to reconsider, and after an understanding that we shall vote finally and 
CAPTAIN E. A. CAPRON. 
conclusively on the subject on Monday. 
II The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho Senator Mr. WILKINSON. I' move to take up House 
the subject is reconsidered, then -it can be post- 
poned. 
