446 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 18, 
than double as many. The president of the Le- 
compton convention himself did not claim, when 
that constitution was made, that there were more 
than from twenty-five to thirty thousand. He 
furnished a writte'l statement to that effect. The 
census now shows, how many ? 
Mr. GRIMES and Mr. DOOLITTLE. One 
hundred and nine thousand. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Three or four times as many 
as there were when the Lecompton constitution 
was made. It has as -large a population, appre- 
hend, asfthere is now in the State of Oregon.. I 
have not seen the census of that State; but from 
what i have understood, I should suppose so. 
This objection in regard to tho want of popu- 
lation was not deemed quite conclusive and insu- 
perable when we passed the bill for the admission 
of Oregon here-two vears acro. I know I had to 
fight u good muny o? my friends, if I may so call 
them, on the other side of the Chamber, on the 
admission of Oregon. My colleague thougl'it it 
was very wrong to admit Oregon with so small 
a population. My answer was, that while it was 
a good rule to require the ratio requisite for a 
member of Congress, yet we had never adhered 
1 •uras willing to declare it a rule fin• 
to that rule. 
the future, and live up to it; butl was not willing 
to make a case, and apply it to onc State, where 
there were special political and personal reasons 
for making that objection, and except another 
State . to which it ought to be applied with the 
same ricor and force- 
I helped to admit Florida into the Union when 
she had a population of forty-cight thousand, 
undcr a ratio of representation that required sev- 
errty-three thousand. I suppose two thirds of 
the new States of this Union have been adlllitted 
with less population than Kansas now has. 
I 
doubt whether more thun two or three ever had 
as Inuch. Ohio had nothing like it, probably not 
more than half; Indiana had about half; Illinois 
about half; Mississippi, Arkansas, Missouri, Ala- 
bama, and Louisiana about half. There is DO 
constitutional limitation as to the munber of in- 
habitants. While I think it is not right to admit 
new States with too small a population—thirty 
or forty, or fifty thousand—yet it has even been 
done; and certåinly, if the objection was not well 
taken to a population of forty or fifty thousand, 
it is not an insuperable objection when there are 
one hundred and nine thousand. 
Under these circumstances, I think we had bet- 
tcr waive thesc small, technical objections, and 
treat this question on its merits. 
I think thc 
people of Kansas have been badly treated with 
I think 
reference to this question of admission. 
thc sooner we close up this controversy the better, 
if we intend to wipe out the excited and irritated 
feelings that have grown out of it. It will have a 
tendency to restore good feeling. It is an act of 
justice, and I had höped that the bill would pass 
now unanilnousty. If there is any,dcsirc to add 
to this the country on the north side of Kansas 
runnino• up the Nebraska river, I think that would 
impn•ove its boundaries; and I would bc- verv will- 
incr to give our assent to it, as we did to extend- 
ing thc- boundary of Missouri up to the Missouri 
river, and as we have given our to extend 
the boundaries of other States, in order to make 
i am willing to adjust the 
them natut•al ones. 
boundaries of a State when the people have made 
a mistake in its original limits at any time; but 
that can be done hereafter as well as by procras- 
tinnting the admission. I will not detain the Sen- 
ate; but I will do no act that will cripple or pro- 
crastinate the adrnission of Kansas into the Union. 
excepted in the constitution, it occurred to mc 
that the argument of the Senator from Illinois in 
answer to the objection was enti.rcly satisfactory; 
and if we had time to refer to the constitutions of 
several of the States, we should find that thero was 
the same improvident neglect, not guarded against. 
When I heard the objection morning 
that the constitution of Kansas does not save the 
rights of the Indians in Kansas, I sent for the 
constitut.ion of the State of New York, (which 
has been twice revised by conventions—one in 
1822, and one in 1846,) 'vvhere there always have 
been reservations in the occupation of the Indians 
the reservations are there yet; and the constitu- 
tion, in either case, forgets to notice that there are 
either Indians or Indian reservations in the State. 
They have enjoyed all their rights and immuni- 
ties, and been protected by the Federal Govern- 
ment as weH as by the government of the State. 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, there is a vast 
difföFence between New York and Kansas. New 
York was one of the •original States which as- 
sisted to form the Government, and her bound- 
aries and jurisdiction were the same then that 
they are now. The Federal Govcrnmcnt had no 
agency in the formation of her boundary; and 
to undertake to liken that to one in which we 
must have an agency, is nota very fair arguinent. 
The Federal Government never had power to take 
that land from New York. The Federal Govern- 
ment never owned that land, and the Federal Gov- 
crnment never sold that lar)d to the Indians. It 
was New York land, and New York can do what 
she pleases with her own. But this land in Kan- 
Sas beionged to the Federal Government, and was 
sold to the Cherokees—they paying as 
a consideration—with the cxprcss stipulation that 
it never should be included in any State. Now, 
I wish to put this question: it is either excepted 
out of the constitution, or it is not; which do 
I shouRl like to have Senators 
you say it is? 
It is cither excepted out of the Con- 
answer me. 
stitution, or it is not—I mean the constitution as 
If it is not excepted out, 
framed at Wyandotte. 
arc doing wroncr, unless we put a proper qual- 
ification in the bill requiring the assent of thc peo- 
plc of Kansas to it. 
If it is excepted out, and we 
make a treaty with thc Cherokees and the Scne- 
cas, and by their title, where will the boundary 
If it is excepted out, it runs 
of Kansas be thcn? 
around on tho north side. Or do only except 
our jurisdiction, and leave the boundary included? 
You must come to these points of' consideration. 
They are either included in the State, although 
you may except the jurisdiction, or they are not 
mc.ludcd in the Slate. 
If they are included in the 
State, you violate the treaty. If they are not 
included in the State, if we Inake a treaty and 
purchase their 
lands, thcy• '.vould not be then 
included in thc State without a subsequent amend- 
ment to the constitutiorn. 
the Senator from Illinois savs it is 
A crain, sir: 
no more an insuperable objection now than it was I 
with the Lecompton constitution. That is true; 
and if my attention had been called to it, I should •I 
have pressed it then as much as I do now. But 
the practical effect of it is now being scen and 
understood. Inasmuch as the boundaries of Kan- 
sas as a Territory nominally included this land, 
the white people went out and rushed upon it; 
and there are from three to four thousand upon 
it nov.,r. The dragoons of thc United Statcs were 
scnt down to drive them off. 'l'hey burnt some 
twenty houses; but it raised so much confu.aion 
and commotion, that the Secretary of the Interior 
That is the reason 1 propose the amendment. 
is of a practical character. 
If you admit the State 
vvrith the boundary in the bill, the whole of the 
Indian lands will be overrun; and then, to save the 
lives of the people, and to prevent i-var, shall 
be forccd to buy the lands from the Indians; and 
when bought from the Indians, they will take 
their preémptions. 
It will be that much positive 
injury to the United States; but yet we shall do 
it, and ought to do it, rather than see our fellow- 
citizens murdered and butchered. But we ought 
not to hold out inducements and false light.s to 
lead them upon these breakers. We ought to 
of the Six Nations. The Indians are there yet; legislate understandingly; and in no case should 
we violate a treaty stipulation. I venture to say, 
that when the Lecompton ponstitution was pend- 
ing, the subject was never pressed upon the atten- 
If it was, my attention was 
tion of the Senate. 
never called to it. Perhaps it will be said, I stultify 
I Was 
myself; it was my duty to look into it. 
not upon the Comrnittee on Indian Affairs. I had 
, not examined the Indian treaties. lought to have 
done it, perhaps; but a man has not time to do 
everything. 
Now, with regard to the northern boundary, 
as I said before—and the Senator from Iliinois 
agrees with me—it would make it a better bound- 
ary. If it would make it better, it simply afiirms 
the statement I made in my few remarks before, 
to wit: that but for the political considerations, I 
believe four fifths of this Senate would vote for it. 
Are we, then , to give wrong boundariés from polit- 
ical considerations? Ought we not rather to look 
to the permanent good of the State, and the per- 
manent peace of the country, in the division of 
the future States? 
But the Senator is mistaken when he says it 
had the same boundarics in the Lecompton con- 
slitution that it has now. Ile must have meant, 
I suppose-—for I do not want to do thc Senator 
injustice—north and south. 
'Mr. DOUGLAS. The same now in 
I did not include the western 
i versy, of course. 
boundary, about which there is ne controversy. 
Mr. GREEN. Exactly; but that takes off one 
third of what l,vas then the Territory, and creates 
the necessity for supplying that deficiency some- 
whcrc else. That is the purpose to which I re- 
ferred. The present boundaries, as propose 
are plain, sin3ple, and commodious. 'I'hey 
insure a population which will be adequate to 
suspended the order, and they arc now living 
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, 1 do not in- 
tend to enter into an examination of the several 
objections which have been madc by the honor- 
able Senator from Missouri, further than to say, 
that last year I had an opportunity to visit Kan- 
sas, and I found the condition society there 
very far advanced in agriculture, manufactures, 
trade, and all social and civil organizations— 
everything complete, and all within a Territory 
which was compact and satisfactory to the people 
I found that in adopting the Wyan- 
themselves. 
dotte constitution, they had at last succeeded in 
acting upon a frame of civil government against 
which I heard not one word of objection in the 
whole Territory. So much as to the boundaries 
and thc constitution. 
In regard to the alleged danger to t]le reserva- 
tions for the Indians, which are not mentioned or 
upon it. One of then'l came to me who had trav- 
eled four hundred miles to see me. He lived 
upon the Indian lands, and expended in 
buildings—a mill, dwelling-house, and so on 
—not 
knowing he was upon the Indian lands. He knew 
he wus within what was nominally caned the 
boundary of Kansas; and when the dragoons 
were about to drive them off, he came to me to 
øet the order suspended, and to see if anything 
could be done their rclief. 
This is a practical consequence of the serious 
difficulties that occur out of this loose, and, to no y 
mind, very improper legislation. Let us mark 
the boundaries that wc have a right to mark; and 
when the people arc informed of where the limita- 
tions are, they wili never pass over the limits, and 
nonc of these unfortunate consequences will ensue. 
sustain a separate State government. 
As to the subject of what the population '.vas 
when the Topeka constitution was adopted, and 
when the Lecompton coristitution was adopted, 
that is an immaterial issue; and when the Sena- 
ator refers to Alabama, t6 Florida, and to Ohio, 
a.} admitted with from thirtv to forty and fifty 
thousand inhabitants, while Kansas is now rep- 
resented as having one hundred thousand, he 
overlooks the fact that the ratio of representation 
then was down nearly as low as the population. 
Only a few States came in with less than the ratio 
of representation. Ohio had the ratio of repre- 
sentation with her forty thousand. Kentucky 
had the ratio of representation; Alabama had the 
ratio of represcntation; Florida had not; so that 
the force of his argument is destroyed by refer- 
ring to •the other additional fact that the law of 
apportionment was different then from what it is 
now. 
However, I shall make no point about the pop- 
ulation; but I "'ill say that this eao•er• anxiety to 
admit the State in a wrone-» position with an im- 
proper boundary, at a time like this, is to rne 
very extraordinary. We have a long petition 
presented bv the Senator from Massachusetts, 
[Mr. SUMNER,] praying us to relieve them from 
starvation. How can they support a govern- 
mont? We have been paying all their expenses. 
We are now paying their expenses—their Legis- 
lature, their judges, their Governor, and other 
offcers—and yet, with all this expenditure from 
our Treasury, they send up long petitions, and 
send out agents to beg throughout all the States 
for means to subsist upon. That is the popula- 
tion to be forced into the Uniön to bear the burden 
ofa State government, with improper boundaries, 
and which arc conceded to be improper. 
not see any necessity for this hot haste. 
I no political consideralion to urge it. The Oppo- 
sition, or rather the incoming Administration, 
will have. its majority anyhow, and before thc 
meeti1P of tho nexL Congress, Kansas can be in, 
