1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
with proper boundaries. 
It will produce no ex- 
citement, no ill-töeling, no 'jarring or discordant 
feedings; and why might we not-do what our judg- 
ment dictates as riffht? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. One word in regard to the 
improper boundaries upon which the Senator 
piaces so much stress. I did not say those bound- 
aries were improper. So far as the people of Kan- 
sas themselves are concerned, there is no impro- 
priety in them, and no inconvenience to those 
people. There may be an inconvenience to the 
people of that portion of Nebraska Territory 
south of the Nebraska river, and the whole incon- 
venience of not including them in Kansas rests 
upon the people of Nebraska, and not upw the 
people of Kansas. Inasmuch as that question of 
Inconvenience affects that people Only, and not 
the people within the. limits of Kansas, I arn will- 
ing to leave that question to be decided by the 
people themselves. The inconvenience as to the 
boundary is one not felt at all by people livilp 
within the present limits of Kansas, but it is con- 
If those outside desire to 
fined to those outside. 
be admitted, I am willing to-relieve them from the 
If they do not desire it, then I 
inconvenience. 
shall take it for granted they are better judges of 
what is for their convcniencc than I am, and I 
shall leave them outside. Hence, I do not admit 
that the boundaries are improper at all 
In my 
opinion, it would be wise for the people of that 
portion of Nebraska to ask for admission into this 
State; and if they do, I shall be ready to grant it 
to them. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 do not desire to enter 
into the issue between the gentlemen on that point; 
but when it is said they have not the amount of • 
population to entitle them to a Representative, I 
say, as I understand it, they have. What is tho 
amount of population required for a Representa- 
tive now? Ninety-three thousand and a fraction; 
and that is not only so for the present Congress, 
but it is so for the next Congress. They have, 
therefore, now the population- that is required for 
a Represontative to this Congress, and for the 
Congress two years to come. NV hether, when 
we come to choose a Congress next after that, 
they will come up to what may be required bv 
I think 
the apportionment, is another question. 
it highly probable they will; but at any rate, for 
to-day and for the-present time, and for the present 
Congress and the coming Congress, within these 
boundaries they have the proper population. 
This su biect of undertaking to make new bound- 
aribs is worthy of separate consideration. In the 
first place, the people of Kansas were told, when 
the Territory was formed, and they went there 
and settled, that at the proper timc they should 
bc adlnittcd as a State; I beiievc the exprcssion 
is, " with or without slavery, as their constitu- 
tion shall provide." Now, when the time cornes, 
as it has, and they havo the requisite population, 
and have. made their constitution, and It is pr0- 
sented here, they are told, 
no; you are not to 
be admitted now, though we told you you should 
be, unless you add a part of Nebraska." NC- 
braska was told the very sarnc thing in the very 
same way; and the proposition novvis to dismenn- 
ber that Territory without its consent, and even 
without the consent of the pcoplc that are pro- 
posed to be included. I do not think it is dealing 
fairly. It looks as if, come when she may, q.vhat- 
ever may be the condition of her circumstances, 
there is all,vays something to object to. It is said, 
" let them go on; and we will admit them at the 
and an argument is actually re- 
proper time;" 
sorted to by taking the advantage of the misfor- 
tunes of that people from the drought of this year. 
Mr. President, the territorial condition is not 
,one which it is desirable to extend. It is an un- 
natural condition in our Govcrnment. That peo- 
ple have never vet had the advantage of choosing 
their own government, their own executive, or 
having their own judiciary. it may bc 
said, when you come to view it politically, thein- 
coming Administration may not differ with them I 
so nu.tc.h in relation to the political character of 
the and offcers that are set over thein, 
and they thereby may 110t be so objectionable, 
still, they ape perfectly willing to forego all that. 
'Ithey desire to be enabled sorne time or other, and 
they consider this the -proper time, having the pops 
ulation, to have the privilege of €roverning them- 
selves in this country, as other people do. regard 
these amendments, and the people there cannot 
but regard them, as really, in effect, mere continu- 
ations and delays. 
I have a further remark to make in relation to 
Nebraska. The honorable Senator from Illinois 
said he would be willincr to leave that question of 
annexation to the people south of the Platte river 
to say whether they would come in. This pres- 
ent amendment does not provide that at all. But 
it will be recollected that that question deeply in- 
terests the rest of the 'I'erritory of Nebraska, 
whether you may take a part of their people south 
of a certain river, and let them go where they 
have a mind , and thus overbalance that Territory 
itself, and delay, for a great and indefinite period 
of time, thc chance for their admission, which .has 
long since been promised. 
M r. GREEN. I have but one word to say in 
reply. It is true, under the Louisiana treaty, 
there was a stipulation that they should be ad- 
mitted as States—and I presscd this upon the at- 
tention of Congress two years acro—but the time 
'I'he circumstances under 
was never named. 
which they were to be admitted depend upon the 
It is also true; that 
sound discretion of Congress. 
the Senator fron) Illinois takes an improper posi- 
tion, when he says the people of Kansas are sat- 
isfied with these boundaries, and that ho is willing 
to put in a portion of Nebraska, if the people of 
Nebraska are so. •WV hv, sir, when these Terri- 
tories were organized, there was a special provis- 
ion put into the territorial bilk, reserving the right 
to change the boundaries as we pleased; and this 
matter of shaping the boundaries of new States 
has always been exercised by Congress, accord- 
ing to its own volition. But hus Congress ever as- 
sentcd to the boundary marked out in the Kansas 
constitution? Not at all. She has shaped her 
boundary different from what we did the bound- 
ary of the Territory. Now, as she has made a 
change, it is perfectly competent for us to make 
a change; and the only question is, would it be 
a prudent and a proper disposition of the Terri- 
tory? I think it is a conceded fact. Do we al- 
ways go to consult the people of the Territory as 
to what boundary they shall have? We never 
do. We have never done so in single instance, 
whether a previous enabling act has been passed 
or not. . We consider the question of boundary; 
and if the proposed boundary is such as to meet 
the disapprobation of Congress, it has been the 
uniform practice to change that boundary, and 
resubmit it to them for their approval. If they did 
not approve it, they did not come into the Union; 
if they did, they •vverc declared admitted. 
This would delay the admission of Kansas but 
a very short tixue. We can so shape this bill as 
to say, if the people in the Territory assent to it, 
it shall be the duty of tho Executive to declare 
that admission into the Union. Such a provis- 
ion was inserted when lvlissouri was admitted. 
It will be complete whenever they assent to the 
propositions that we make. We have taken the 
responsibility to change their ordinance and their 
Fl'he House bill does that; 
propositions for land . 
but I do not make any exception to it, for that it 
was cornpetent to do. The ordinance is no part 
of the constitution. But when we change any 
part of the constitution, it must be resubmitted 
to them, or they do not assent to do as we do. 
Let us have agreement between the new 
State and the old thirteen and the existing twen- 
ty-ninc. Let us have perfect cQncord and har- 
mony, and not one branch of the Government, 
the Fedora) authority, insisting upon onc bound- 
ary and the State insisting upon the other bound* 
ary. Whose construction will prevail? Flow 
shall we avoid these Indian conflicts to which 
have called attention before? These people have 
bccn invited to go in in consequence of that bound- 
ary. If the boundary had been as I propose in 
there would not have been a 
this amend noent, 
white inhabitant now occupying the Indian lands, 
and no danger of their trespassing. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman in- 
du)go me a moment, ? 
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir. 
Mr. COLLAMER. If 1 recollect the provision 
the same boundaries or any part- tliefeof, shall be 
admitted as a State 
Mr. WADE. hope. we •shall*have: ques- 
tion now. It is all understood. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 will read the bill 
any dispute about it; The bill reserved ta•Con— 
gress the right to change the boundary.' 
Mr. COLLAMER. No that, 
Mr. GREEN. 'I'hat was the pointrl insisted 
upon. will not-detain the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. 
in the chair.) The quegtion is on the adoption of 
the amendment offered by the Senator from Mis- 
souri. 
Mr. GREEN. I desire to have the yeas.and 
nays upon it. 
The yeas and nays-were •ordered; and, being 
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 31; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Bavard, Bcnjamin, Bragg BEiÉht, Fitch, 
Green, Gwin, Hempliill, Jlu.nter, Iverson, johnson Of Ar- 
Kansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lang, Mason, 
Nicholson. Pearce, Polk, Powell, Riee, Satnsbu•y; Slidoll, 
and Wigfhil—23. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, BingbamsCmn- 
eron, Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixonj 
little, I)ouglas, Durkee, Fessenden, FöOt, Foster, Gr.itnes, 
Hale, Harlan, King, Latham, MorÉill, Pugh; Seward, Sim- 
mons, Sumner, 'lien Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinsöb, 
and Wilson—31. 
So the amendment was rejected. 
Mr. FITCH. I offer an amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an 
amendment pending, offered by the Senator 
Missouri, which will be read. 
Mr. GREEN. I desire to makea slight change 
in that before it is presented and voted upon; and 
in the mean time, the Senator from Indiana can 
offer his amendment. 
IVIr: FITCH. have sent ihe amendment to 
the Clerk 's desk. 
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS. 
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to call attention to.an 
order that was adopted in cxecutivc session yes- 
terday, by which we agreed to proceed to the 
consideration of executive business at two o 'clock 
to-day. That hour has arrived; and I therefore 
make the motion that the Senate proceed to the 
consideration of executive business. 
Mr. WADE. i move that we postpone that 
order, and all other orders, to continue the con- 
sidoration of this bill. 
Mr. BIGLER. The order that I refer to was 
made in executive session. 
Mr. COLLAMER. That does not make any 
difference. 
I do not suppose the motion of 
Mr. FITCH. 
thc Senator fu•on'h Ohio can be enEertained in open 
session. The Senator from Ohio will see the im- 
propriety of it. 
Mr. BIGLER. I submit the motion that the 
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive 
business, in pursuance of the order made in exec- 
utive session yesterday. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Pennsylvania moves, as the Chair under- 
stands, that the Senate now proceed to the Con- 
sideration of executive- business. 
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly; I made that niotion- 
Mr. WADE. Is it in order to move to post- 
pone that and all other orders, and continue the 
consideration of this bill? 
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is 
of opinion that it is. A special order was made 
yesterday in executive session, and, in the opin- 
ion of the Chair; a motion to postpone the execu- 
tion of that order, and of all other orders, may be 
entertained in open session. 
IV.L•. WADE. 1 make that motion. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 suggest to the Senator from 
Ohio that it requires no such motion. 
move to 
proceed to the consideration of executive busi- 
I state the fact that the order was adopted 
ness. 
in executive session; but it is nevertheless com- 
petcnt for the body to decide against my motion. 
I simply submit the motion, and the Senator from 
Ohio will attain his object much rnore directly by 
volirw on that tl-lan by moving a postponemcnt. 
MG. MASON. I suggest to the Senator -from 
it was that tl•tey should be Pennsylvania, that tho order he alludes to was 
in their territorial bill, 
made in executive session, and the reason-forit 
admitted with those boundaries or any part there- 
cannot be spoken of in open session; bu-t -the 
I of. 
Mr. GREEN. It does not say that; although Senator has it in his power, -by hisdemand, to 
require that the doors shall be closed for,reasons 
it says Congress roscrves the right to change 
that he will communicate to the Senate when it 
f.hem as it pleases. 
I Mr. COLLAMER. Does it not say: with is done. 
'lthe rules of the Senate give that privi- 
