452 
according to thc plan of the gentleman from Vir- 
ginia, [Mr. GARNETT,] with this Capitol, with the 
mouth of the Mississippi, with the Tcrritories, 
and the thousand things that divide us, without 
provoking civil war? Why, sir, we may do all 
we can to prevent it; we may throw ourselves into 
the breach; we may stand up and yield every- 
thing, or cringe down and yield everything; but 
I tell you that will not. stop the surging Waves. 
If this Government is divided, though we may 
agree to separate in peace—though every man here 
may sign the bond—we know that events hur- 
riedly running forward will bring these two sec- 
tions in hostile array against each other; and then, 
I know 
what a war is there, my countrymen . 
that your southern people are bravo, spirited, ac- 
tive, quick; no man doubts that.; but. if' you have 
had any Inisapprehension about the northern peo- 
ple=if you suppose that, because they are cold, 
bccause they are not fired by your hot blood, they 
will not perform their duty everywhere, you are 
very much mistaken. We arc the equals of each 
other; we are of the same blood, the same parcnt- 
acre, the same character; your warun sun has quick- 
encd your blood, but our colder climate has steadied 
the intellects and braced the of our peo- 
I again repeat, Mr. Chairman, that we should 
not allow ourselves to be deceived by words. I 
T hc question is not whether the United States 
will coerce a State, but whether State shall co- 
erce the Government; whether this noble fabric, 
devised by our fathers, shall fall without a blow. 
I appeal to you again; I appeal to the Represent- 
a•tivcs of ali the States, whether we shall allow 
Fort Sumter, the only place where our flag floats 
in the harbor of Charleston, to be su rrondered at 
NEVER! NEVER! Even 
discretion. 
if to-tnorrow I should vote to o•ive South Caro- 
lina license to leave the Confideracy, if I had 
the power; yet, while that flag floats, it is the 
bounden and sacped (l itty of this Government to 
protect it against all ies, and nt all haza rds. 
1 had fondly hoped, while we disagreed, 
while I knew that our disa trcecrncr)t. was 
and decided, that you, crentlenu•n ot t 
would yourselves take the load in t.he defense 
)ropert.y and cur honor; 
of our 
had hoped that, while we '•,vere discuss- 
intr, you would insist. u l)on the protection of' the 
property of the Unitcd Slates, aud that, our flag 
should nol bc dishonored until we separa ted, ill 
peace or in war. I was much fit,ruc.k I)'V a rounu•k 
)nud'e the other day by the Senator 
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davrg,) t.l')at if we could 
acrree with each other, we ought to separate 
in peace—that we should take this old flag, and 
fold it owuy, and keep it as a much-loved mo- 
Blit, sir, we cn n do tl'lat 
mento for us all. 
now. 11 been lowered and tarnished, and wc 
knt)V.,' and fecl it. 
I was surprised that my colleague [Mr. PEN- 
DLF,'I'ON] did not vote for the C) fl*ered by 
jor Anderson. I that the Ohio' delegation 
would unite in favor of resolution. 
I think my colleague 
were but two exceptions. 
t•rorn the I)ayton district [Mr. V ALLANI)IGIIAM] 
the negative; and n) y colleague who 
voted in 
made such an cloquent speech for peace to-day 
did not vote on the passage the resolution, but 
voted againstsuspendingthc rules. I was surprised 
that tiny onc from Ohio should vote against it. 
I '•,vas still more surprised, allow Ine to sav to the 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 18, 
cheerfully vote for u part of that resolution, they 
could not sustain the last part of it, which they 
feared committed them to measures of coercion 
by the Federal Government arrainst sov.ercign 
States of this Confederacy. The Kentucky del- 
egation—at least a portion of them, including my- 
self—differ from the gentleman of Ohio as to the 
structure of this Government, and as to the foun- 
dation upon which it was erected; and hence we 
may well differ fundamentally as to what it may 
become the duty of t,he Government, under a 
given state of the case, to pursue towards seced- 
ing States; but, so far as Major Anderson is con- 
ccéncd, uninformed as he was of any am•eed 
status between South Carolina and the Federal 
Government, we not only approved of his course 
in removing to Sumter, but we honored and ud- 
mired in him even still more that calnl states- 
manship and patriotism which allowed him not 
to return the fire when South Carolina opened 
herbatteries upon the Star of the West. We honor 
that noblc forbearancc upon the part of the brave 
soldier, and consider ita sparkling crem in his bril- 
liant coronet of valor and fidelity. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am very indeed, Mr. 
Chairman, to hear the gentleman from Kentucky 
say even as mucl'l as he has done. But if hc main- 
tains the course of Major Anderson •in removingr 
to Fort Sumter, I ask him now what will he dB 
with Major Anclcrson there? Will he allow him 
to bc girdled around with forts and barricades 
tili he is slarved out like a rat? 
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir. The State of 
South Carolina has, I rejoice to learn, opened her 
rnarkets, and given to Major Anderson his postal 
facilities. So far as courtesies go, they have been 
restored to N'laior Anderson. No reinforcements 
are necessary for his comfort or safety now. It 
was by the foresight, the pru(lcnce, tho states- 
mauship of Major Anderson , which kept him from 
firin'Y, in o rdeé to prevent civil war, that even the 
bare hope of preserving this Union under the Con- 
and with its o•ua rantees, is left us. 
st it u tion , 
BLit if the course intimated by thc gentleman from 
• Ohio had been pursued, and if' N'lüjor A riderson 
—as the centlernan s at•tnunont, would seern 
to imply he shoni(l have done—fired on Charles- 
this rnonu•nt civil 
ton, we should have had at 
war, without the least hope of preserving the 
Union, or even reconstructino• it under our blessed 
Constitution. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chairman, not 
said, and the gentleman frmu Kentucky cannot 
Ene say, bhat Major Anderson should l)avc 
fired upon Charleston. 'The gentleman ought 
not to have done nle that injustice, especially 
while ho was spoaking by my courtesy. I do not 
know what Major Anderson should have done. 
I will not give my opinion on il until I sce what 
t.l'le facts were. I Inay say that impulse would 
have l)eon to returl') the fire. of Fort Morris, or 
Fort Moultrie, or any other fort, or any other can- 
11011 that fired upot') the flag of' the United States. 
_But I did give any opinion on this point; and 
certainly I would not have required [Viajor Ander- 
, in vindicating the honor ot• his flag, to have 
fired on the men , women, and children ofthc city of 
Charleston. The very resolution referred to by the 
gentleman from Kentucky, an extract from which 
I havc now before rno., expresses only those. plain 
axioms acrainst which i do not. see how any tnem- 
ber could have voted. My friend snys he would 
have voted for that part of [he resolution approv- 
ing the conduct of IVIaior Anderson, but that he 
Representatives of Keritucky, that, '.vhen their could not vote for other' portions of' it. What por 
Is it that point in which X,ve express our 
tions? 
own gallant son had but performed his bounden 
determination to maintain that fearless officer in 
duty they should have refused to vote to sustain 
and in all conslitutional 
his present position, 
hitn in his removal from Fort Moultrie to the 
rneasures t.o en force the laws and preserve the 
point in his 
Mr. STEVENS()N. Will the gentleman allow Union ? " Why could not thc gel')tlcman vote for 
me to say word ? 
Mr. STEVENSON. For the simple reason 
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes. 
that I do not know what might be, in these stir- 
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, T do not 
ring and startling tin•ues, regarded by any Adrninis- 
suppose that the're is a man of any party, or from 
Again, sir, the gentleman has applauded Major 
Anderson. Major Anderson saw that flag so 
eloquently eulogized by the gentleman and so dear 
to us all struck down. He saw the Star of the 
West, with thatensig'n unfurled, fired upon. Why 
did he not return the fire? It was not that he 
loved the flag less, but his country more. His 
patriotic heart was big enough to brook the as- 
sumed indignity rather than Involve his country 
in civil war. By such a coursc he differed wholly 
with the gentleman from Ohio. I honor the gal- 
lant soldier for it. His native Common wealth 
honors him; and good and patriotic men must 
always honor him for a prudence excelled only 
by his valor, which saved his whole country 
from civi} war. No man will go further than 
It must be a Union 
will to preserve this Union. 
I will join hands with any man, of 
of equals. 
any party and from any section, in efforts to pre- 
serve such a U Ilion. And I believe Maior Ander- 
son would do his part in so how a work. He 
knows, as we all know, it can only be preserved 
by compromise and concession ; and this can only 
be reached by peace. But if it is to be preserved, 
it can only be achieved by a full ajld clear reccv- 
nition of the rights and equality of the States. 
There are no disunionists in Kentucky. Her gal- 
lantanddistinguished Senator tenders, in her name, 
the olive branch of peace in the propositious he 
has presented. Why will not4he gentleman and 
his friends accept them, and restore peace to a 
distracted country? Let them not be deceived ! 
Much as Kentucky is devoted to the Confederacy, 
great as are the sacrifices she is prepared to 
make and has rrrade for it, she will cling to no 
Union upheld by force; and in which she is not a 
recognized equal. [Applause from the galleries, 
mingled with hisses.] 
CHAIRMAN. The galleries will preserve 
order. The Chairman of the committee is in- 
vested by the rules with authority to order the 
'Talleries to be cleared, and if this disturbance bc 
repeated the Chair will' exercise its authorit.y. 
Mr. SHERMAN. happy to say that 
approve the last phrase in the remarks of the gon- 
tlemtu-l from Kentucky. I I.)elievc in the equality 
of the States; believe in the equality of the cit- 
I would not deprive 
iz.ens of the se:veral States. 
any State of' its equa\ity iii the Union. 'I'llis is 
one of those expressions that are comrncmly used 
on th() stump, and often without meaning. There 
is not a man within the sound of my voice who 
docs not believe that one State is equal to another; 
that, a south- 
that one citizen is equal to another; 
ern citizel) has the same right everywhere, where 
ever our flag floats, that a northern citizen has- 
Indeed, I might say that, 
No man denies that. 
in practice, southern men have had a great many 
more rights than northern men have had. 
I am glad to know that the gentleman from 
Kentucky does not disagree with me so much as 
to the views declared in the resolution , as hc does 
in regard to somc inferences which he feared 
somebody elsc might, in these constitutional times, 
draw from the resolution. The resolution simply 
expresses a desirc to enforce thc laws and to pre- 
serve the Union—no more. I am willing to stand 
on this platform. I can joil'l heartily with all those 
who made that pledge, whatever else they may 
think or believe about the questions that divide 
If we can stand by each other, if 
our people. 
our constituents will stand by us in that emphatic 
declaration, I do believe thc good sliip that has 
borne us thus far on a prosperous voyage will 
outlive the storm. But, sir, if we yield too far to 
the fury of tho if we now surrender with- 
out resistance the forts, arsenals, dock-yards, and 
other property of the Government, we ouly dem- 
onstu•atc that we arc not fit for the duties assigned 
us; and, if our names survive our times, they wili 
only be recorded as those of a degenerate ra9e, 
who had not the manhood to preserve what their 
fathers won. Gentlemen cannot come here and 
say, 'c We demand this; or we demand that; stand 
That is the language of the high- 
uny section, X.v110 holds in higher estimation the tration as constitutional Ineasures. The crentleman E and deliver. 
wayman. This is a great tribunal, where men 
from Ohio thinks, for example, that the Consti- 
gallant services and noble character of Major An- 
reason and judge and weigh and doubt and hesi- 
tution authorizes the power of this Gov- 
dcrson thali the deletration now this floor 
tate and talk—and we have a zood deal of that. 
frorn Kentucky; aud it is surpassingly strange i crnment to be exorcised against ten sovere\trn 
I Slates, with t.ho avowed purpose of coercing them 'No section and no State can, because the presi- 
that the gentleman from Ohio should now ques- 
dential election has gone against it, say, " We 
back into this Confederacy? do not believe it; 
t ion it, or allude to. the failure of a portion of that 
- and therefore [ cannot commitmvself blindly toa will have this change in•thc Constievütion, or we 
deleo•ation to support the resolution of the gentle 
, doctrine I solemnly believe to be sabvet•sive of the will fire upon your flag; we wilt have that chancre 
man from New Jersey, since nnost. of my col- 
in tbc Constitution, or we will seize upon your 
forts." That is not the principle upon which this 
very foundation stones on which this Government 
leagraes stated at the t:rne, that, while they wero 
disposed to honor Müior Anderson, and would rests. 
