1861. 
Government was founded. Mr. Jefferson, when 
elected President in 1801, declared the true prin- 
ciple. Hc said it Was the duty of all good citizens 
to obey thc Constitution; to submit to a constitu- 
tional election; and he conm•atulated thc country 
that the Federalists were willing to give the Dem- 
ocrats a fair trial. 
Mr. LEAK E. Will' the gentleman permit me 
to ask him a question ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 the gentleman will 
I have been already led from the 
not ask mc. 
course of my remarks through interruptions. I 
do not mean any discourtesy to the gentleman. 
Mr. LEAKE. Then the gentleman from Ohio 
denies me the courtesy which I ask, and denies 
such courtesy to nobody else. 
Mr. SHERMAN. repeat that I do not want 
to be discourteous to the gentleman, and I wili 
allow hir-n to proceed. 
Mr. LEAKE. The gentleman from Ohioquotes 
not the language exactly, but substantially the 
language of a man who lived in the county in 
which I was born, who died there, and is buried 
there—Thomas Jefferson. His language was, 
that it was the duty of all parties to the compact 
to obey the Constitution and the laws of the land. 
And now I demand to know of the gentleman from 
Ohio, whose high character and high intelligence 
will enable hirn to answer me, whether Ohio, his 
own State, is noL now in open rebellion agaunst 
the Constitution and laws of the United States ? 
demand to know whether she has not passed a 
law which violates thc Constitution aud laws of 
the United States in undertaking to violate the, 
fugitive slave law; and whether her Governor has 
not, on solemn requisition of the Governor of 
Virginia, refused to surrender a man, not be. 
cause he stole a negro, but because he was con- 
cerned in the John Brown Harper's Ferry riot? 
Has not Governor Dennison refused to surrender 
that Inan on the requisition of the Governor of 
Virginia? Who. then, is amendable to the charge 
which he is making against the South ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. will the gentle- 
man from Vireinia•, and trust then i e will not 
further interrupt me. Ohio is true to all her con- 
It is said that Ohio has 
stitutional obligations. 
It is not 
a personal liberty bill, as you call it. 
true; there is no such law upon lier statute-book. 
Her las•v acyainst kidl')apping is sirnilar to tbe law 
I-ler 
of Virginia, and she has no other. 
ture is now carefully exaniining all our 
laws to 
see if there is, by possibility, any clause or section 
which invades the constitutional right of any 
State. 
The gentleman says Ohio lias refused to sur- 
render up fugitives from •justice. I am here to de- 
I say it is not so. On the 
fend my naiive State. 
contrary, Governor Dennison refused to respond 
to the requisition in the case alluded to simply 
because the papers showed on their face that the 
alleo•ed criminal never was in Virginia. 'They 
were based upon a mere constructive presence, a 
doctrine under which a citizen of Ohio, in Ohio, 
may be dragged to Virginia for trial for au act 
lawfulinOhio. Governor Dennison gave the same 
decision that has been sanctioned by too courts 
of the southern States; and in strict acccordance 
with the common-law priilciple that an accused 
shali be tried where the offense is committed. 
Neither in the case alluded to of the difficulty 
between Ohio and Kentucky, has any right of' 
Kentucky been violated. Governor Dennison fol- 
lowed the. decision of the Governor of Kentucky, 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
charged in the-requisition is an offenseat common 
law, it is not covered by the Constitution. 
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 leave to differwith 
the gentleman, and I. must his auth01Eity even 
for that statement. The offcial records of my 
State will show no such case. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chairman, the Gov- 
ernor of Ohio has himself spoken in his recent 
message, and I can only refer to that message. 
He has fully maintained, justified, and defended 
his action in this matter. Now, I trust, as so 
much of my time has already been taken up by 
these interruptions, that I shall be permitted to go 
.on without giving way to any gentleman further. 
Mr. BRANCH. I propose that, by unanimous 
consent, the gentleman 's time shall be extended. 
It is due to him, on account of these interrup- 
tions, that it should be. 
Mr. LEAK E. I •move that the gentleman 's 
time be extended. 
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection, 
the time of the gentleman will be cxtendcd beyond 
his hour. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Beforethatisdone, 
inasmuch as the chairma of the Ways and Means 
has, as I am informed, madc an allusion to myself, 
which I did not hear, I ask a moment first to 
reply, aud then I will make no objection, under 
the circumstances, to the proposed extension of 
time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am perfectly willing to 
yield to colleaguo, if my time may be extended . 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 object. 
Mr. VALLAND[GHAM. wish only to 
I said I did not hear the 
make a single remark. 
allusion 171 y colleague made to me. 
Mr. SHERMAN. If the objection to exterd- 
ing time is withdrawn, I will repeat what I 
said, and my colleague can reply to it. 
I simply 
said I regretted that Ohio was not unanimous upon 
the subjectöf the resolution indorsing Major An- 
(lerson 's conduct; and that one of my colleagues, 
the gentleman from the Dayton dtstrict, [Mr. 
VALLANDIGHAM,] voted against it, and thatanothm• 
colleague was not. present to votc, 
Mr. VALLANDfGHAM. 1 voted against 
that resolution in the form in which it stands 
upon your Journal—an indorsement in blank of 
the the f) present and future policy of the Admin- 
istration. I *hould so vote again; but if the res- 
olution h.ad been divided, and if I had known 
what I eun now informed to true—that the Ex- 
ecutive of the Federal Government did not dis- 
close to Nfaior Anderson, as hc ought to have 
the acreetnent 01' understanding between 
him and the authorities of South Carolina, or with 
members of Congress from that State—I would 
have most cheerfully votcd to indorse the wise 
act of Major Anderson; w Ise and prudent, cer- 
tainly, judging of it from a military point of view, 
and acting as he did act, without, knowledge 
the atrreernent to which I have referred. Ile vio- 
lated no faith by his act. 
It is true that Ohio has 
One thing further. 
no l.)ersonal liberty bills; but she did have three 
years ago, and enacted hy a Republican Legisla- 
ture—wbat was equivalent to a personal liberty bill 
—an act of personal replevin, under which, in 
1857, actual armed resistapcc to Federal author- 
ity in a fugitive slave case occurred; which bill, 
along with others of a similar character and intent, 
was rel)enlcd two years ago by a unanimous vote 
of the Democratic members of the Legislature of 
that State, +cn Democratic, against the unani- 
who held that no man could be taken from Ken- II mous vote of the Republican mernbers in both the 
tuck y into Ohio, and dolivcrcd up 01) a charge. of i! Senate and the House. This thunder is not Re- 
stealing or kidnappmg negroes, or other offe-nses publican thunder, and the gentleman cannot be 
Mr. VALLANDIGEAM. r *the 
tion of accuracy or veracity, ag the, case maybe, 
to be settled by those who were -presem a-tl 
conference, and who affrm that theie: yas sych 
an understandinc. 
Mr. BRANCA. I now renew my proposition 
that the time of thc gentleman from Ohio be Ox- 
tended. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 will not object, if 
tleman from Ohio will use his time, and not,give 
it to others. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. to the prop- 
osition when it was before made; but I am will- 
ing to withdraw my objection if the gentleman 
from Ohio will go on, and not suffer himself to 
bc interrupted. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no 0b- 
jeetion, and- will consider it the sense of the com- 
mittee_ that the gentleman's lime be extended be- 
yond the hour allowed him under the rules. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, 1 trust gentle- 
men will see that cannot extend to them furiher 
indulgence,- but that I shall be Permitted to go on 
and finish what I have to say. 
Under the grave responsibility upon which we 
I feel it to be my duty to you, to my 
are acting, 
fcllow-members, and to my countrymen, North 
and South, to say frankly, that in voting for this 
Aymy bill, I vote with the expectation that the 
Army will be used in protecting the acknowl- 
edged property of the United States, in recover- 
ing that which has been unlawfully taken, and in 
maintaining thc Union. 
it may be said that the gravity of the events 
that surround us demands a greater forcc than is 
provided by this bill. The regular Army is a 
mere, skeleton. The present force will scarcely 
defend our frontier from Indian incursions; but 
it forms a nucleus capable of any reinforcement 
demanded by the exigencies of the times. I do 
not contemplate, in any event, hostile invasions 
of the soil of any State, unless deman@d for the 
defense of the ackl')owledged property of the Uni- 
It is the duty of the Government to 
ted States. 
suppress insurrection in a State; but in this event 
the military power can only be used in strict sub- 
ordination to the, civil authority. If the civil au- 
thority refuso to call sucl'l aid, or suppress the 
courts, the military power cannot interfere. 
the courts are closed, the duties of postmasters 
earn-10t bc enforced, or the mails protected, and 
therefore the J postal service rnust necessarily be 
suspended. No doubt this measure will soon be 
If the revenue is refused, or cannot be 
ad 01.)ted . 
collected, then goods cannot be imported, and 
ports must bc closed. If a State shall, in violation 
of the Constitution, undertake to regulate com- 
merce, then her commerce must be stispended. 
No doubt other measures can be devised that-will 
preserve the peace of the country until the people 
of the States may confer in a constitutional way, 
unless one or more of the seceding St#tes shall, 
by military force, shed the blood of their fellow- 
citizens, or refuse to Surrender to ohe proper au- 
thorities the acknowledged property of the Gov- 
I know that all the gentlcmcn around 
crnmcnt. 
mc must deplore a civil war, especially if 
that war shall Involve the fate of this capital and 
the disruption of the Government. No man with 
a head to reason or a heart to feel can contemplate 
the inevitable results of such a war without the 
most serious desire to avert it. It is our duty as 
members of this I-louse, it is the duty of Congress, 
I am happy to say it is now tl'le acknowledged 
duty of the President, as it is of the incoming Äd- 
ministration, to use forbcnrance to the cxtretnest 
point. Lct not physical force be arrayed in civil 
allowed to steal it. 
not recognized as criminal by the laws of Ken- 
war until the last hope of peace and conciliat.ion 
Mr. SICKLES. With indulgence of the 
tuck y. Governor Dennison followed the recorded I 
has been exhausted; then let each branch of the 
opinion of a attorney general of gentleman from Ohio, desire to correct a state- 
Government, acting in concert with each other, 
Ohio, now a citizen of Kentucky. I now and mont just made. 
perform their respective duties, though the heavens 
Mr. ST-TERM AN. lcannot yield further. 
hexc fully justify him in the course he pursued. 
Mr. SICKLES. Mcrely to correct an error. 
do not propose to argue this question. 
But, sir, 
What can we do for peace and conciliation ? 
I have merely alluded to it foi• the purpose of Mr. SHERMAN. V cry well. 
i cannot re- 
fuse to yield. 
I anticipate at once your reply; you say, " let us 
showing [hat Ohio is true to all herconstitutional 
Mr. SICKLES. I merely desire to state that éompromisc; yield what we demand of you." 
obligations; and that her example cannot be in- 
li the agreement which tho gentleman from Ohio, Let us compromise, and we will preserve the 
voked to justify nullification or treason. 
who has just taken his Union; civil war will be averted. This I-know 
Mr. Sri'EVÉNSON. If the gentleman from (Mr. - VALLANDIGHAM,] 
is the earnest appeal of patriotic men in the sOuth- 
seat„ has assumed to have existed, never did cx- 
Ohio will pcrmit me, desire his authority for 
stating that any Governor of Kentucky ever re- ist. The Executive has distinctly declared that I ern States, who xvould gladly give their lives to 
stop the march of treason in those States. How 
no such agreement or understanding was ever 
fused to surrender a fugitive, on the ground that 
useless it is to talk about compromises, conces- 
entered int_o on nis part. , and t.hat if any such agree- 
stealing negroes was not a crime. 
sions, conciliation, adjustment, when, if every- 
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that in the ment was tnadc, it was done by some offcer not 
il thing was conceded, -the integrity of the Govern- 
case I refer to he decided that unless the offense authorized to make it. 
