1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
print them, speak them, preach them. The prov- 
idence of God will, In due time and in His own 
way, determine this difference of opinion. Opin- 
ions may freely be left to test their strength be- 
fore the Great Arbitrator. We go a step further. 
W c invite you. into our midst. You can discuss 
your peculiar opinions and views in any town or 
it would bo far bet- 
city in. the northern States. 
ter for you to invite similar discussion of our 
opinions rather than confess your weakness by 
mob violence, and excite alarm among your cit- 
izens, and unfounded hopes among your slaves, 
by misrepresentations. 
Your right to recapture fugitive slaves, undcr 
IS not dis- 
the words persons held to service," • 
pf.lted by any considerable number of persons. 
By some it is held to be a right to be enforced 
wholly by State authority; but it is settled by a 
series of decisions, both in the Federal and State 
courts, that it may be enforced by congressional 
enactment. We insist that the present law upon 
that subject is unjust, harsh, and unconstitutional 
in somc of its provisions; that it may be used to 
kidnap free men as readily as recapture fugitives; 
and that its practical effect is to excite resistance. 
It ouäht to be and will be modified. The laws of 
the States to preventabuses under it will then fall, 
or be promptly repealed. 
The complaint is made by gentlemen that fugi- 
tivcs from justice have not been surrendered. 
1 
have already refbrred to this matter in reply to 
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. STEVENSON.] 
'l'his grows out of the construction given to the 
clause of the Constitution providing for such sur- 
render in these words: " treason, felony, or other 
crimes" include ail prohibited offenses by State 
iaw, or only crimes reco'ynized by common law. 
T hc Governors of Kentucky and Ohio havc lim- 
itcd thcsc words to crimes at common law; but 
no doubt they would follow a legislative construc- 
tion when given. Let us declare that the sur- 
render shall be made for all offenses committed in 
person, within a State, and guard against con- 
structive crimes or a constructive presence. 
citizen of Ohio enters within the jurisdiction of 
Kenluc.ky and violates her laws, 'he should not 
escape from punishment by flcein«-r to Ohio; nor 
should a citizen of Kentucky so esc.ape. Good 
neighborhood and comity demand rcspeét for even 
pol ice regulations. 
The only remaining question, then, is in regard 
to slavery in the Territories. As to Kansas, 
trust she may this day be admitted. I understand 
'the bill is now under consideration in the Senate. 
How can gentlemen, without blushing för very 
shame, say to us anything about slavery in the 
Territories, when they seek to prcvcnt the admis- 
Sion of Kansas? They attempted to drag her 
unwillingly into the Union under the Lecompton 
constitution, and yet the Senate delay her admis- 
Sion when she has an ample population, and pre- 
sents a constitution anorovcd by the people. Why, 
then, not appeal to your political friends to do 
promptly an act of justice by clothing her with 
State sovereignty ? 
In regard to the balancc of thc territory north 
Of 360 307, I believe no sanc man thinks, after the 
experience we have had in Kansas, that slavery is 
goino• into any territory north of that line. Indeed, 
ib is yicldcd that slavery may bc prohibited in that 
I know 
territory by constitutional amendment. 
I care 
that slavery can never be planted there. 
not if Congress, I care not if the Supreme Court, 
should so decide, yet I know that slavcry cannot 
by any rule, by any law, or any decision, or by 
any act, be carried into the territory north of 360 
.30'. The attempt to carry it has been properly 
met. The contest between freedor» and slavery 
was fought in Kansas. We won the victory; and 
vou ought to yield at once, and graccfuily. The 
victory was won two years aff0, and not at the 
last election. 
The political power of slavery was settled in 
If the 
the contest unhappily invoked by you. 
slave States will fairly read the logic of events, 
they would no longer seek to be the central sun 
around which all the other States must revolve. 
They will seek no longer the delusion of a united 
South, thus inviting a united North; but as sep- 
arate States and as separate communities of south- 
ern States, as cotton States, as border States, as 
western States, they will take their proper places 
w ho I 
land is in the minority? Who thinks of oppress- 
ing the Pacific Stat" because they arc In the 
minority? If the southern States will be but sat- 
isfied with equality, and not thrust their local 
institution upon us as a national institution, 
the contest about slavery will dio away. Then 
peace will be restored; harmony and quiet will 
come. We will love each other better for the 
strife that was between, us. The declaration of 
the Chicago platform, that freedom is the natural 
condition of the Territorics, will not then obstruct 
your growth, expansion, power, or prosperity. 
There is a Territory west of Arkansas covered 
by treaty stipulations with the Indians. By our 
treaties with the Indian tribes this Territory can- 
not be admitted as a State or included within the 
jurisdiction of a State; and therefore it is idle to 
talk about it. The only Territory, then, which 
remains is the Territory bounded on the south by 
Mexico, on the north by-Kansas and Utah, and 
on the west by California, containing about two 
hundred and sevcn thousand square n'iiles—a nar- 
row, thinly-populated country. When you an- 
alyze all this controversy, the whole results in a 
contestabouta territory, of but little value. Shull 
New Mexico be free or slave? This is the ques- 
tion upon which this Government is to be dis- 
rupted, our flag dishonored, and upon which State 
after State goes out of the Union. The question 
is, whether New Mexico, with its peons, with its 
wild lands, with its half-breeds and Mexicans, 
its mixed population, shall be free or slavehold- 
ing Territory. 
Mr. OTERO. Mr. Chairman, [laughter,] surely 
the gentleman wikl permit me to interrupt him. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 cannot yield. 1 shall 
soon be through; and tbc gentleman will have an 
opportunity to reply. 
Mr. OTERO. The gentleman should yield to 
a reply against so infamous and malicious a libel 
acrainst the character of the people I represent. 
A VOICE. He must yield. 
Mr. SHERMAN. says 1 must; 
I say won't; and this is the cnd of it. 
however, say I wish no disrespect to thc gentle- 
I desired to speak 
man froni New j'vlexico. 
frankly of character of that population; of its 
sparseness; of the aridness of its soil. 
There are three propositions made in reference 
to that Territory. The first is to leave it alone. 
By the act organizing New ltvfexico, the people 
of that Territory have a right to form themselves 
into a State; to frame their institutions, not incon- 
sistent with the Constitution of the United States, 
and to apply for admission into the Union with 
or without slavery, as their constitution may ap- 
prove. T hc same organic law provides that their 
T?raitorial Legrislaturc may pass laws not incon- 
sistent with the Constitution; but it provides also 
that these laws may'be sent here for our approval; 
and if we disapprove them, they shall not be laws. 
N'ly colleague [Mr. BINGHAM] last session intro- 
duced a bill to declare our disapproval of some 
provisions of those laws. rl'be Senate did not 
agree to the biil, and that Territory still stands, 
nominally, a slaveholding Territory. I am told 
that there is one negro slave man there and eleven 
negro slave women, and a large number of peons. 
Mr. OTERO. The peonsare the gentleman's 
peers. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The peons, too, are the 
gentleman's peers, for they elected him. They 
are made citizens of the United States, and are 
voters, and they have sent the gentleman here. 
The next proposition is, that we shall admit 
New Mexico as a State at once. She has one 
hundred and six thousand inhabitants. It is pro- 
posed to admit her as a State; and, of course, that 
would allow her to frame, regulate, change, and 
modify hcr own constitution. I must confess it 
struck me favorably, and I. gavé my assent to it. 
There are, objections to it—not 
in regard to slavery, but in regard to other ques- 
tions which I might mention. I doubt very much 
whether their people want a State government; 
indeed I think 7 may say that the people are not 
able to pay the expenses ofa State government. I 
believe I can say, from the best information, that 
they do not desire a State Government. They 
prefer to remain in a territorial condition. Then• 
population is sparse, and their settlements remote 
from each other. Under these circmnstances, the 
diflicul.ty in the admission of New Mexico does 
in this great oommunity of States. 
of oppressing New Engiand because, New Eng- not oat of -the slavery question, But out o'f 
other, questions, and especiall yout of their sygtem 
of peonage. Yet I am Willi stand by the dec- 
laration which made 'to: my constipuents; ahd 
I will vote for the introduction; of, New; Mexico 
as a State; alid- that is the uUin_u which I 
will go. 
. We have another proposition, offered} by: the 
distinguished Senator 
TENDEN.] It has been,variously modified.{ I:éan- 
not vote for that proposition; and I- •rill •seate 
frankly the reason. In that proposition I find 
this clause: 
In all the territory south of sald lineof latitnde; slavery 
of the African' race is hereby recoghited as existing; and 
shall not be interfered with by Congress ; but shall be pro- 
tected as property by all the departments of the territorial 
government during its continuance." 
This provision , protecting slavery m New Mex- 
ico by constitutional enactment, is extended to all 
the territory hereafter to be acquired. Why, sir, 
on a recent occasion I. proposed . to .amcnd thiß 
section by providing that in. future no erritory 
should be acquired except by, treaty-, requiring a 
concurrence of two thirds of the States; and that 
thc act of acquisition •should form it into a State. 
Gentlemen from .the South voted against it; and 
thcy frankly confess they do not look to the ex- 
tension of slavery in New Mexico, but look to 
future acquisition. I think wehave had experience 
enough in this matter, and I trust in God that, if 
this country hangs together, we will' acquire no 
more territory; and that we may live in peace and 
quiet. Not that I am opposed to the acquisition 
of territory, per se; but rather than have a family 
quarrel over the territory, rather •than have this 
quarrel between t.he North-and the South over 
again,- I would forego to the end of time the 
quisition of a single foot of territory. 
I cannot vote for the proposition of the Senat0T 
from Kentucky, simply because it protects the 
institution of slavery in the Territory of New 
Mexico; it takes away from Congress all power, 
over the subject; it takes away from the pcop10 
of the Territory all power over the subject; it 
makcs this Government establish, 
protect, and 
I believe tbüt, 
uphold slavery in that Territory. 
slavery is a local institution, municipal in its 
character, protected by State laws, havir;m rights 
exclusively within thosc States, and having no 
rights beyond those States except the right to 
recapture fugitives who escape from service. Be- 
lieving, as I do, that that is the correct construc& 
tion of the Constitution, I never will, whatever 
may be the consequences, vote for a proposition 
to establish, protect, and uphold slavery any- 
where on God 's earth. And m doing this; I only 
usc the, language of the greatest statesman that 
Kontucky ever produced. And here:l mioht end 
what I have to say. The proposition of tie gen- 
tl&man from Tennessee [Mr. ETHERIDGEI modi- 
fies to some extent the proposition of the Senator 
from Kentucky; but even that does not meet the 
difficulty; it still leaves substantially the provis- 
ions of thc Crittenden amendment, although he 
has ingrafied upon it a provision against' the fu- 
ture acquisition of territory. I could not, thei•e- 
fore, vote for it; and I would not, the other day, 
vote to suspend the rules to admit it: for the reason 
that I will never. vote to suspend the rules to admit 
a resolution that I am not willing to vote for. 
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have gone over the 
whole field. I have given my views, speaking 
for no other man, frankly and fearlessly, as I will 
stand by them now and in the future. I have 
given you my opinion upon all these points. 
tell you that this whole controvcrsy was fought 
and won by us two years ago, and all you have 
to do now to admit Kansas. That is the only 
act of power now needéd. There let it stand. Let 
us live together like a band of brothers. 
cannot agree with you about slavery, why, you 
I know there has been a 
do not agree with us. 
great deal of intemperance of language on this 
subject; but I ask, If it has been used upon our 
side, has it not been used upon yours? If there 
have been harsh and violent words used, -I have 
not uttered them, that I know of. If I have,- 
beg every man's pardon; because I thihk -that 
violent language, calculated to stir up excitement 
and agitation, ought not to be used in a-delibérative 
I ask you if you have not sins to re- 
assembly. 
pent of, if we have? Let us be at-peacO. Let us 
go on with the administration of the Government 
kindly, harmdnioüsly, hopfuliy, •trugting in that 
