458 
[Laughter. I Pro-slavery Presidents and Con- 
gressés have always ruled us heretofore. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, the an- 
nouncement made by the gentleman from Illinois 
is not true in one solitary particular. We havc 
never elected a President of the United States by 
the people of the slave States alone. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir; but have elected 
pro-slavery men. 
Mr. CRAWFORD: we have elected men 
according to the provisions of the Constitution of 
the United States; by the aid of a portion of the 
northern Democrac.y, from the commencement of 
the Government. until now. We have always 
go-tten some northern States to support our candi- 
date for the Presidenc.y, and very frcqucntly elected 
northern men Presidents of the United States. 
This being the case, the statement made by the 
gentleman from Illinois is untrue. We say that 
If W'e had eighteen States, with a controlling power 
in every branch of the Government, and had 
elected our candidate for President, and with a 
party of two million voters to carry out every 
thing I have said, then I appeal to men of the 
North to say whether they would submit for a 
solitary hour? I know that the New England 
States, I know that Ohio and Illinois and Indi- 
ana and Michigan, and even Minnesota—ay, not 
a single one of the northern States would submit 
a solitary hour to the administration of this Gov- 
ernment by a pro-slavery party, for the purpose 
of establishing slavery within its borders. 
Mr. GROW. I wish to say that next Monday 
we shall have general debate again upon this same 
subject,• arising upon the report of the select com- 
mittee of thirty-threc.• I hope thc gentleman will 
understand that am very anxious to have this 
bill passed to-night, or else I would not have in- 
terfered. 
Mr. HILL. T hc gentleman from Pennsylva- 
nia should understand that time is very precious 
to the Georgians. [Laughter.] 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, 1 desire 
to say that, believing as [ do, and believinf' as 
the people of the States whicli have seceded or are 
about to secede do, that their safety depends 
upon the withdrawal of the powers they form- 
erly gave to this Government, and resuming them 
for their protection, it is with that view alone 
they havc called their conventions. Believing 
that you intend to violate our rights, xve have 
taken this course for the purpose of givino se- 
curity and safety to the lives of our citizens and 
protection to our property; and while x,ve seek 
not to violate vouc rights, or the rights of the 
Government oÉ the United States, we ask you 
not, under tho flag of the Union, to come for 
the purpose of subjugming any portion of the 
people of the southern Statcs, and we ask you to 
allow them to retire in peace. That is all that we 
ask Of the North. We ask the fair of' the 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 18, 
the powers of British rule are only changed to the 
I would rather see the 
eiøhteen northern States. 
broad lands from the Potomac to the Rio Grande 
one grand charnel-house, filled with the bones 
of brave and gallant men, than submit to such 
I ask the God of our 
degradation for one hour. 
fathers to avert this civil strife; butif it come, my 
life upon it, we will meet it as patriots ought to 
meet the oppressor's march, and drive him back, 
or give to the attempt the last blood that flows in 
southern breasts. 
The CHAIRMAN. The general debate upon 
this bill is closed, and the Clerk will read the first 
section of the bill. 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 move that the committee 
do now rise. 
Mr. GROW. I hope not. Therc is not much 
courtesy in that arrangement. 
Mr. HILL. 1 desire to ask the allow 
me to make a few remarks. 
The CHAIRMAN. The pending motion is 
that the committee rise. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 hope my colleague will 
withdraw that motion. 
Mr. BURCH. 1 wish to romind the gentleman 
from Georgia that an agreement was made in colli- 
mittee yesterday that ibis bill should be disposed 
of this evening; and I, fot one, upon this Sidc of 
the House, am willing to carry out that agree- 
ment in good faith. The gentleman from Georgia 
will have an opportunity on Monday, or on any 
day for a week thereafter, to make the remarks 
he wishes to present to the House. 
Mr. HILL. That may or may not be so: it 
1 ask 
depends vcry much upon circumstances. 
only a few minutes. 
Mr. LONGNECKER. 1 
The CHAIRMAN. The chair will state to 
the Tentleman from Georgia that debate upon this 
bill IS closcd, and the gentleman from Pennsyl- 
vania upon the left of' the Chair objects to the 
gentleman trom Georgia proceeding. 
M r. I-I ILL. I trust the gentleman will with- 
draw his objection. 
Ivrr. BURNETT. 1 desire to inquiry 
of the ChaiE•. When the first section of the bill 
is road, will it not be open to amendment and 
debate under the five-minutes rule? 
The CHAIRMAN. It will be. 
Mr. BURNETT. Then, as the 
from Georgia wants to speak but a few mil)fftes, 
I hope he will avail himself of that mode of do- 
in«r it. 
Mr. HILL. It will not be very agreeable to 
be so confincd. 
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move that the gentleman 
from Georgia be allowed to procecd for ten min- 
utes. 
No objection boing made, the motion was agreed 
to. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Chairman, 1 beg to assure 
the con•nnittee, since they have allowed me a few 
North, the just men of the North, to allow us 
to retire frorn this without doing in- moments, that it was not my purpose, since I 
have not sought the floor beförc, to say a word 
If they desire to war, we 
justice to them. 
say thcy ought. to make a declaration of war, and to-day. I have watchcd with interest the course 
ought not, under pretense, of enforcing the laws of this debate, and it is not my design, in the few 
remarks propose to submit, to anitnad vert upon 
of the United States over territory which has 
anything which has been said, or to eulogize that 
withdrawn itself from your jurisdiction ,nnd nu- 
thority, attcmpt to enslave us. We ask you not, 
undcr pretense that the flag has been struck in 
some of tho southern States and others raised, 
that you must call your men to come down upon 
us to protect the American flog from disgrace and 
dishonor, and thus delude the masses of your 
countrymen into the bcliefthat they arc battling to i 
sustain the stars and stripes, Under that banner we 
won our liberties; and it would bo an unholy usinff 
that it should lead armies to crush and destroy the 
rights and liberties achieved under its ample folds. 
which has been so wiscly and so prudently said 
by some who have participated in this debate; 
and I would particularize tbe eloquent gentleman 
from the city of Cincinnati, [Mr. PENDLETON.] 
I •wras desirous to have an opportunity to answer 
the inquiry put by the honorable gentleman from 
I wished to say to him, 
Ol)io, [Mr. SHERMAN.] 
when declarino• so emphatically that the South, 
in its enraged state, would hear no proposition of 
conciliation, that hc spoke, in my judgment, with- 
out authority. I feel assured that he did so, so 
once before, upon this continent, declared ticir ft\oatemtyruocwsno fSatrataes ltShCeoncCnet\Peeds'outnhern States 
independence amidst thc jeers and taunts of those arc concerned. 
who felt that it would be but a holiday pleasure Despite the attitude of South Carolina herself, 
I believe to-day she is approachable with reason 
to reduce then-I to subjection. History proves the 
folly of such an attempt. We number eight n)il- and words of kindness, arm that she witl listen 
to the voice of conciliation if it came in so «entlc 
lion; we shall declare our independence of this 
Government; and if you choose to put. us to the a form as it could be tendered by gentlemen upon 
the other side of this House. 
test of maintaining it by anus, then the battle- 
I beg, invoke it 
do it, as guardians of this great and povverful Gov- 
ernmcnt. South Carolina may be, and, in my 
judgment, she is, extreme in her precipitancy. I 
have recrett.ed it; I have remonst.rated against it, 
and I have implored the people of my own State, 
notwithstanding her example, to delay their ac- 
tion, and never to follow her-example, until as- 
sured that it would meet a hearty and undivided 
response from the people of Georgia. Will you, 
under these circumstances, urged and entreated 
as you are by men who are as much and as faith- 
fully attached to the Union of these States as you 
yourselves arc, refuse to make this last effort in 
behalf of conciliation between these distracted sec- 
tions of our common country? I hope not. I hope 
the door to conciliation is not yet closed. There 
are good men yet from the North in this House. 
There are good men yet in the other wing of the 
Capitol; and I mistake, if they do not yet send 
forth words of love and kindness to soothe an 
exasperated people, and thus give quiet to aa 
afflicted nation. i regret not to find a greater de- 
gree of it in my honorable friend from ()hio. 
Surely the time has not yet arrived to determine, 
as positively as he does, that if there can be no 
reconciliation, there must be a resort to the stern 
arbitrament of war. Surely he does not mean 
what he says: that there must be an accommoda- 
tion or a fight. Not yet—not yet, sir, 1 wrould 
hope. Let him, let every man who feels that 
there is an inevitable result, wait for the accumu- 
lated voice of American patriots to come up and 
determine this question. I abide that result with 
confidence and hope. 
I trust that the convention 
of my own State—which is sitting to-day, and in 
which is assembled a large amount of the best 
intelligence and the best patriotism of that State— 
will give time to the people of the United States to 
confess their conservatism, their attachment to 
the Union, and their devotion to the interests of 
I believe it will do it; and I 
the several States. 
trust, if my State shall resolve to secede in this 
the hour of her extremity, as she believes, that 
she will make hcp secession prospective, so as to 
afford ample time to intervene, and still save the 
great structure under which we live, and which 
has blessed us so long. 
Sir, I n)ake this appeal. I wish that I had had 
tune to prepare it in some shape that would be 
more Worthy thc great theme; but i can only 
speak the outgushmg of my heart when I ap- 
peal to every Inan in this Hall to throw nside 
the Iniserable shackles of party, to rise superior 
to the vindictive feelings that may control them, 
and to remember, whether they be unionists or 
disunionists, that they strike at a mighty people 
when they level this blow at the people of Geor- 
gia. Let them pausc before they do it. A great 
and dominant party should not allow itself to be 
influenced for a single moment by the wild and 
Crazy fanatics who form a part of its members, 
and who fancy, I believe, like the fly upon the 
•wheel, that they direct its motions. I know, sir, 
that this is *a mistake; and I believe the day is 
approaching when justice and prudence shall 
guide the American people, and when fanaticism 
and ultraism, wherever it may shox,v its head, will 
be crushed out bv the good sense and patriotism 
of the nation. God grant that day måy be near 
at hand! Can there be a nobler task for the pa- 
triot than to forget for the nonce that South Car- 
olina may have erred in seizing the Government 
forts and arsenal, and that the Governor of 111 y 
V.rn State may have erred—as I think he did—in 
seizing Fort Pulaski? I should have been better 
content for the great State of Georgia to have 
bided her t.ime, and not. for him who has assumed 
the peculiar guardianship of her defense to have 
gone, without authority of her Legislature, or of 
her convention, and while she was not even men- 
aced, and done this deed. 
Georgia, if I understand her people, has no fear 
of any other people, and no dread of any Gov- 
ernment upon earth. When the time shall come, 
if it ever does come, when she shall dernand the 
allegiance and fidelity of her sons, though I shall 
I regret in extreme sorrow the necessity, I say to 
every one who hears me here to-day, she shall not 
have a more faithful and devoted adherent to her 
shock hctween our contending forces will bo such for her, as my mother, who cherished me in the 
fortunes than Shail be, despite my pleadings to 
as the earth has never scen; the b(kFinning we early part of mv life, and upon whose bosom 
sleep n) y honoréd parents, arid where dwell to- 
can sec, the end no mortal man can toll;- but what- 
soever it I prefer it to the vassalage you are day in y near kindred; and 1 ask you to present mistake upon this head. I go further, and I say 
soon to inaugurate {Or us and our posterity. The to her, far gone as you may consider her, the olive here—and I wish it to bc borne in mind, if is 
Revolutiön, Indeed, was fought in vain for us, if branch. Tender it gracefully; you can afford to worth being rernembered—that I belong not to 
