460 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 18, 
Mr. Chairman, I shall not consume the time of 
the committee at this late hour, by making an ar- 
gument in favor of that amendment. The House 
may probably remember that, at the last session, 
made an earnest appeal to them to increase the 
appropriation to the same extent for that year. 
The argument for increasing the appropriation 
applies with greater force now than then. 
hope the committee will adopt the amendment I 
havc proposed, and give the two national arm- 
ories the amount they require, which ought not to 
be less than $200,000 for each of them. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 hope the amendment will 
be adopted. 
Mr. QU ARLES. I rise to a question of order. 
I submit that, uniess the gentleman from Ohio 
speaks in opposition to the amcndment of the 
gentleman from Virginia, his remarks are not in 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the 
question of order. 
Mr. STANTON. very well; will move an 
I move to 
amendment to the amendment, then. 
strike out " $400,000," and to substitute therefor 
$450,000. 
Now, MI'. Chairman, this letter of the Secre- 
tary of War, and of the Ordnance bureau, says 
that the capacity of the armories at Harper's Ferry 
and at Springfield, for the manufacture of arms, 
is about four hundred thousand dollars in the ag- 
gregate, or $200,000 each, when they are worked 
to their full capacity. The appropriations for a 
year or two past have fallen short of that amount, 
and they have not been worked to their full ca- 
pacily. A larger number of men could have been 
employed. 
Now, Mr. Chairrnan, some how or other, for 
somc reason which I do not comprehend, one 
hundred and fifteen thousand stand of arms have 
bccn taken funn thosc armories and transfin•red 
to the southern frontier; and one half of them to- 
day are in the hands of thc enen)ies of the Re- 
public, ready to be turned ngaillst the Army of 
I ask for this increase of a 
the Republic. 
priation, therefore, for the purpose of enabling us 
to supply that deficiency. 
Mr. BOTELER. I offered my amendment in 
good faith, to enable the Governtnent. to Inann- 
facture the usual quantity of arms; but I anust 
say that if the increase of the appropriation is to 
be based upon the nr«nunent that arms taken south 
are in the hands of the enemies of the Repub- 
lic," I •vould rather sec the armory in my district 
sunk, t,hal the irnputation cast upon our sec- 
tion of the Union by the remark of the gentleman 
from Ohio should be justified by the conduct of 
its people. 
Mr. Chairman, I regret that we can 110t con.Nider 
any Inatter of ordinary legislation in this House 
witt)öut having these sectional difficulties thrust 
upon us. What necessity was there that the gen- 
t}crnan from Ohio should spring this issue upon 
us while considering this itmn df appropriation ? 
If I arn not mistaken, the in ('ormatlon u [)on this 
subicct in the ha nds of the Conunittec on Mili•ary 
A trail's is not full, the chairrnan of that conn- 
mittee promised rno that when hc brought the 
matter to the attention of the House, he would 
accompany it with all the facts connected with 
the transfer of arms to the difFercntsections of our 
country. 
A MnMBCR. How many have gone north ? 
Mr. BOTELER. 1 do not know how many 
have gone north, and I do not care; for am 
willing to trust arms in the hands of our citizens 
north as well as south; and shall not stigmatize 
those who have them enemies of the Republic. " 
Mr. STANTON. 1 said that a 
proportion of the anns on hand in those a•rJnories 
had gorie out of thc custody and control of the 
Government alt0'-rether. 
I suppose that it will 
not be denied. 
Mr. QU ARLES. I•understand that this debate 
is not in order. 
I object. 
Mr. BOTELER. [should like to ask the gen- 
tlcman from Ohio what that information has to 
do with the regt.llar manufacture of arms at the 
national armories. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 withdraw my amend- 
ment. 
Mr. FLORENCE. may be 
to Inake a single remark in this connection. I 
desire to state an important matter of fact. 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order. 
The debate has been exhausted upon the amend- 
ment pending. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 will move, then, to in- 
crease the appropriation one dollar. 
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will state that, upon ap- 
plication to the Secretary of War for an additional 
number of arms for a volunteer force in Penn- 
sylvania, the Secretary of War granted quite a 
large number, if I mistake not, a thousand stand 
of arms—more than the quota supplied by the 
General Government under their regulations. 
Mr. HINDMAN. When was that? 
Mr. FLORENCE. Only a few months ago. 
There was a very huge volunteer force in the city 
of Philadelphia without arms. I represented that 
fact to the Secretary of War, and he provided 
them with the Minié arm. He did it without 
hesitation, and remarked that it would give him 
great pleasure if were permitted, under the 
law, to increase the number. 
Mr. DELANO. I shall oppose the amendment 
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania; and shall 
ask some fifteen minutes upon it, Wilh the indul- 
gencc of the committee. 
If I had time to show,' 
the condition of these arrnorics, I could make it 
appear that there is a necessity, not merely for an 
appropriation of $200,000 in the item of manufac- 
tore, but for $200,000 in the item of repairs and 
apprehend that even the Mili- I 
improvcments 
tary Committee of this House cannot answer all 
the qnestions upon this subject which are most per- 
tinent to bc answered. I apprehend they are not 
able to tell you at this moment how many stand 
of arms there are in thc twenty-four depots estab- 
lished at different points—I mean arms of that 
character which any one of thesc gentlemen would 
intrust in the hands of infantry in the field. Now, 
sir, have made it a matter of investigation to 
some extent; and questionable as the propriety 
may be of statin(' it at this time, in the threaten- 
ino aspect of affairs, I have been led to believe— 
and I state it here upon my responsibility—that 
are not in the arsenals of the country, at 
this time, thirty thousand stand of arms which 
would pass thc Government standard. Yes, sir, 
not thirty thousand stand of aruns. 'I'hcy have 
been disl)osed of everywhere. h ingand c very- 
thing has been done with th(nn except to retain 
them for the use of the General Governrnent. 
I do not say that now is the time tll(..• Gen- 
eral Government to consider Inore seriously than 
heretofore this question, which I now call to the 
I brought it up at the last 
attention of members. 
session of Congress; and it was my intention, at 
the adjournment of the last session, to urge it at 
this session. I press the matter now, not because 
of the threatening aspect of affairs, but be- 
cause I deem it to be a disgrace, to the country 
that a peol)le professing to be among the firstoow- 
ers of the world should be without a proper equip- 
t•npnt in a nuilitary point of view. We have now 
an impoverished equipment that is disgraceful to 
any nation pretending to any posilion. 
I can very 
readily detnonstrate, from the reports of the War 
Department, the position which I now assume. In 
1855 the stnootll-boremuskets were superseded by 
the Minié rifle. Since then we have Illunufaclut•ed 
none of the old tnodel. W c have manufactured 
in all, seventy thousand of thc new rnodel; of that i 
number we have distributed over twenty-five thou- 
sand to the different States. What were left have 
been distributed to the twenty-four depots through- 
out the length and breadth of the land. I appeal 
to the House to say whether we have a proper 
equipment, or whether we are in a proper condition 
to meet any crisis or any exigency that may arise ? 
I do not refer to any crisis wlnch may impend I 
now; for, sir, God forbid that '.ve should ever see 
the time when any arm manufactured at thie na- 
tional armories should be imbrued with the blood 
of any of the citizens of this glorious Union of 
I repeat, that it is a disgrace for us, pre- 
States. 
tending to bc one of the first nations in the world, 
to be dismantled and disarmed, so far as respects 
the arm nour in question. 
I oppose the pending amendment, Mr. Chair- 
man, because I design at the proper time to move 
to increase the amount of this appropriation 
$200,000, and to add, fbr the repairs and improve- 
ments for thc manufacturc.of machinery at the 
armories, the further sum of 
Mr. FLORENCE, by unanimous consent, 
withdrew his ameudmcnt to the amendment of 
the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing that 
these amendments iri reference to the national 
armories should come in, and that a vote should 
be taken upon them in the House. 
Mr. CURTIS. I move to increase the appro- 
priation to 
Mr. Chairman, while Iwould go as far as any 
man to settle this question, yet I think it would 
be extremely foolish if we did not look at things 
as they are. That there is great danger, every. 
One adrnits. That there isa probability the United 
States will need arms, is so obvious that it does 
not require controversy. I know that the United 
States IS very strong. All it wants is to exert its 
power whenever that is necessary. I hope that 
in time of 
necessity will never arrive. But, sir, 
I am anxious 
peace we should prepare for war. 
that the amount asked for by the gentleman from 
Massachusetts shall be put into this bill. Either in 
peace or war, we want more arms than we have. 
We want more arms of the new pat.tern. We have 
a great many of the old pattern, which I know 
will answer our purposes in casc of necessity. 
Certainly at this time, when our affairs are thrcat- 
enincy, we cannot expect our consti tucnts will look 
on and see us indifferent to the existing condition 
of the country without rebuking us, however 
is the duty of 
much we unay all desire peace. 
the men who still stand by the honor of their 
flag, to see that the Union has ample means of 
I trust, then, 
that my 
protecti01'i and defense. 
amendment for half a miliion will be agreed to. 
Mr. GARNETT. I do not rise to exftess 
any opinion as to the propriety of the amend- 
ment movcd by my colleague, or of the amend- 
ment proposed by the gentleman ft•cnn Iowa, but 
for the purpose of expressing my hope that the 
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means 
will inform the, House why the estimate of the 
Secretary of War was reduced to $50,000. I 
never knew before amendnwunt of this macrm- 
tude—it being proposed to increase the appropri- 
ation to a bilk reported from the 
Comrnittec of Ways and Means, to pass without 
solnc frot•n that. committee for its action. 
hope that the chairman of that committee will 
o•ive us the which influenced the Conl- 
In ittee of Ways and -Means to reconunend an ap- 
propriation of only #50,000. 
Mr. S'rAINTON. The of War says 
that he cannot work than n ycnr 
—that that is the capacity of the arrnories. 
'Ithc question was taken; and the amendment 
of Mr. CURTIS was disagreed to. 
The amendment of Mr. BOTELER was then 
adopted. 
Mr. DELANO. I now move to increase the 
appropriation to $500,001. 
Mr. QUARLES. Is that in order? 
The CHAIRMAN. It is not; the paragraph 
having been already acted on. 
Mr. DELANO. 1 move, then, to add as fol- 
lows: 
For new workshops and Inachincry at the Springtield 
annory, for working that armory up to its full capacity, 
the further of $100,000; and on the. cotupletion and 
readiness for operation of such new workshops and ma- 
chinery within the year nmv provided for, thc further surn 
ot ror the Inanufacture of arms. 
Mr. QU ARLES. rise to a point of orderon 
that amcndment. The amendment provides for 
tbc manufacturc of arms, which question has 
already been settled in a preceding paragraph. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not ex- 
actly understand the point of order raised by the 
gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. QUARLES. we have already settled 
upon an appropriation for the manufacture of 
arn-ns, and the amendment of the gentleman from 
Massachusetts is not in order in proposing to add 
$100,000 for the same purpose. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not un- 
dcrstand thc arnendmcnt as thc gentleman from 
Tennessee. It is an amendment in relation to the 
Springfield armory, and not in relation to the 
manufacture of arms. 
Mr. DELANO. I desire to answer, under this 
amendment, the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. 
GARNETT,] who inquired of the chairman of the 
Committee of Ways and Means, what he had 
to say on this subject, to explain why this large 
do not know 
appropriation was now made. 
whether the gentleman from Obio [Mr. SHER- 
MAN] is aware of it or not; but the proposition 
of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. CURTIS] did 
