462 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 18, 
day, in all human probability—it would be a State. 
We may pay, as was proposed by the Demo- 
cratic Adrninistration, $200,000,000 for it, and 
we may do so wisely at some period of our his- 
• tory; can it be possible that the morient we 
have acquired Cuba for military purposes, she 
wili have a right to secede? What would be- 
come of our money? What would become of the 
niilitary power that we would gain by the pur- 
chase. W,hat becomes of the statesmanship of 
gentlemen who argue in support of such a doc- 
trine ? 
[Here the Hammer fell.) 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 hope 
tion of the gentleman from Ohio that we shall 
have a vote in the House on this amendment will 
be agreed to by unanimous consent. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. not believe in 
so much expenditure of debate here merely to 
take the yeas and nays in the House. 
Mr. BURNETT. we do not wish to debate 
the amendment further. We merely wish to have 
a vote upon it in the House. 
Mr. CURTIS. I object to that. Let us vote 
upon it herei 
Mr. JENKINS. 1 rise to a question of order. 
The committee gave unanimous consent, at the 
suggestion of the chairman of thc Committee of 
Ways and Means, thala vote should be had upon 
this amendment in the House; and the objection 
comes too late. 
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman is mistaken, 1 
objected to the arrangement. 
Mr. JENKINS. at the time. 
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly; 1 objected at the 
time the was made. 
Mr. SEIÉiUVIAN. Oh, yes; objection was 
made. 
'l'hc question was then taken on the amend- 
ment; and it was disagreed to. 
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 
ment, as an additional section to thc bill: 
"I'liat tbc surn 01' 
SEC. 2. yand be it further cnacted., 
out 
$1 06 be, and the sarne is hereby 
oi' any Inoney in the 'I'reasury not otherwise appropriated, 
for the support and maintcuancc of a regi:nent of Inounted 
volunteer* för the deii:nse of the fFontier 0M 'l'c.xas, to be 
an act approved Aprü % , ISä8, en- 
raised jn pu of 
tltied ' 'An act to provide the organizat.ion of a rturilnent 
or volunteers for the defense of 'Ele frontier of 
'I'c.xas, and to authorize the President to call into the ser- 
vice the United States two additional regilnents of voi- 
uutoers." 
Mr. Chairman, in the brief time allotted to me 
under the, rules, I wish to call the attention ot• 
members upon both sides of the House to the fact 
that this is the • identical amcndment that was 
mude by the Senate last session to the appropria- 
tion bill for the Military Ac.ademy at 'West Point, 
and which was -defeated by the action of this 
I-louse. My colleague and myself' presented then 
to the attention of the House the facts which, in 
our judgnwnt„ entitled 'i'exas to favorable con- 
sideration in regard to the proposed expenditure 
of public money. I do not propose on this occa- 
to recapitulate what then said. But I 
assure crcntltnnen on both sides of the I louse, that 
c very word uttcrcd by us on that occasion was 
not only true then, but is equally true to-day. 
there is an increased necessity for it now 
in fact, 
on account of the increase of depredations on 
our northern frontier. The truth is, that thc cvil 
has gone on so and the people have endured 
so much, that they have almost ceased to look to 
this Government for any additional protection 
whatever. This day, and for the last twelve 
rnonths, companies of Texas citizens, at their 
own immediate of course, to 
their own Government for remuneration hereafter 
—have becn in the saddle, and have been defend- 
ing, as best they may, the frontier of that coun- 
try. 
I arn sure that gentlemen on this side of thc 
House will do as they did last year—vote gener- 
ally for this proposition ; and to gentlemen on the 
other side of the House I have this to say: I 
called the attention of the chairman of the Coln- 
mittee on Military Affairs this day to the act of 
Conqress of' 1858, which provided for calling out 
t. his regiment. By the terms of that act, the 
authority to call out the regiment is given to the 
Presidcrlt; and he rnay also, at any time, when in 
his judgment it is proper that its existence should 
cea.é disband it. 
I say, therefore, to gentlemen 
on the other side of the House, that it will be 
within the control of the President chosen by their 
Own party, and certainly they cannot object to 
depend upon' his judgment and integrity in the 
If he believes that the condition of the 
matter 
country requires this regiment to be called into 
service, he will order it to be called into service; 
otherwise he will not. 
Mr. SHERMAN. say to the gentleman 
from Texas that I have no objection to offer to 
his amendment, and hope it Will be sustained by 
this side of the House. 
The question was taken; and the amendment 
'vas agreed to. 
Mr. BURNETT. 
ment as an additional section to the bill, in the 
shape of a proviso: 
Provided, 'I'hat no part of the appropriations made in 
this bill shall be used by the Federal Govcrntnent in mak- 
ing war, or in any attempt to subject any State which has 
or may hereafter secede from the United States. 
I do not desire to debate the amendment at all; 
but I ask the other side of the House to give us 
a vote upon il in the House. 
Mr. STANTON. Ifthe gentleman from Ken- 
tuck y will put his proposition in fair and square 
terms—that the Army will not be used in the 
execution of the laws—we will give him a vote 
upon it. 
• —that 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 put it as 1 want It 
no part of the appropriations made by this bill 
shall be used for the purpose of makihg war, or 
in any attempt at tbc subjugation ofa State. 
Mr. OLIN. 1 question of order. The 
amendment is out of order, as it changes existing 
laws. 
The CHAIRMAN. Tho Chair the 
question of order. The amendment only proposes 
a limitation on the money appropriated. 
Mr. BURNETT. It provides that part of 
it shall be used for the purpose. of making war 
upqn, or in an attempt to subjugate, any of the 
I do not desire to go into any discussion 
States. 
of the question; but I want the sense of the Ilouse 
on t.l'ie proviso. I want that the country shall 
understand, and that we on t.his side of t be House 
shall understand , distinctly from gentlemen on the 
other side whether it is their purpose to wacre war 
-or not. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 rise to a point of order. 
T bis amendment is alimitation on the war-making 
power of thc Government; and I do not under- 
stand that this Housc has anything to do with 
that power. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair the 
point of order. 
Mr VALLANDIGHAM. No other depart- 
ment of the Government has anything to do with 
declarin«r war. 
Mr. BURNETT. Under the terms of 
forcing the law," and the execution of the law," 
gcnt.lelnen cover up their purposes to make x,var. 
from the Republican side 
[Cries of " Oh, no!" 
It musl result in war, gcfitlemen. 
the I-rouse. ] 
You xnay blockade the port of Charleston to- 
Inorrow•, send down your floatincy custom-house, 
and undertake to collect the revenue, and the first 
')'un that is fired results in civil war. 
A MEMBER on the Republican side. W c did 
not fire the first gun. 
11 must do that. we all 
Mr. BURNETT. 
I do n ot want gentlemen, under 
so uriderstand it. 
thc term of " enforcing the law," to shrink from 
the announcement of tlueit• purpose, which is to 
It is nothing else. The mere block- 
make war. 
ading of the port of Charleston is, in my judg- 
believe, whpther mn)tle- 
ment, an act of' war. 
men so regard it or not, that the President has 
no power to use the Army and Navy of this 
country, except as subservient to the civil author- 
ity. South Carolina, as has been before remarked 
on this floor, has no Federal officers. She has 
no Federal judiciary there. None of the powers 
in that State recoonizc thc authority of the Fed- 
eral Government, or can cnforcc obedience to any 
ot• the laws of Concress. And yet you propose 
to send an arny down there, under the naiY1e of 
enförcing laws, to make war upon South Caro- 
lina. It is nothing else; and there is not a sensi- 
ble man on that side of the Chamber who does 
not so understand it. 
r I'hat fact, taken in con- 
I nection with the statement made in his speech 
this morning by the chairman of the Committee 
of Ways and Means, is pregnant with meaning. 
If that be your purpose, come up like men, and 
say so. Do not. shrink from it. Do not under- 
take to carry on war under a specious prctext of 
enforcing law. 
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from- 
tucky claims that every attempt to execute the 
laws of the country where military force may be 
demanded is of necessity •svar. 
Mr. BURNETT. I occupy no such position 
Mr. STANTON. Then 1 cannot comprehend 
your position. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 not responsible for 
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, 1 do not 
apprehend that anybody on this side of the House 
contemplates makmgwaron any State ofthisCon-• 
federacy, unless war is first made by that State 
on the Federal Government. There is no war 
contemplated by this Government, or by any gen- 
tleman on this side of House, except a de- 
fensive war, for the protection of its executiVe 
officers, and of the men encraged in the discharge 
of executive and ministerial duties. 
Mr. BURNETT. May 1 ask the gentleman 
from Ohio one question ? 
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir. 
Mr. BURNE'I"I'. If you do not intend to 
make ••,var, why do you object to my amendment? 
Mr. STANTON. Mr.' Chairman, 1 will tell 
the gentleman WII y. If, in the execution of those 
laws, the offeer of the law' is resisted by a IY1ili- 
tary power, by State authority; and if it become 
necessary for his protection, and for the discharge 
of his duties, that the United States shall defend 
itself, protect itself, protect its property, its ar- 
senals, its forts, its executive and ministerial 
officers; it becomes necessary to make defens- 
ive war, then I suppose the mt)ney appropriated 
by this act will be used in that war. That is what 
I- understand. 
Mr. JENKINS. 1 ask the gentlcman this 
question: whether two Governments, oach claim- 
ing to be supreme, can carry on government 
within the sarne sphere? [Voices from the Re- 
publican side of the Hall, Not very well," and 
laughter.] 
Mr. STANTON. well. That is an 
But there are some things 
idea that [ had *nysex . 
settled. There wiH be no war between these Üni- 
ted States and State, or any number of States 
of this Confederacy, unless the aggression corne 
from the seceding State or States. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 want to know precisely 
what is intended by gentlernen. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 do not think 1 can have 
been misunderstood. 
Mr. BURNETT. well, come right to the 
point, would you gentlemen hold it to be the duty 
of the Federal Government to use the Army and 
Navy for the purpose of retaking Fort Sumter? 
Mr. STANTON. we are still, thank God, in 
possession of Fort Sumter, and I understand it to 
be the duty of the Government to use the Army 
and Navy, if necessary, to protect that fort. 
Mr. 'I'he gentleman understands, 
of course, that it was a mere slip of the tongue. 
YV11at I want to ask is, whether you would use 
the Army and Navy for the purpose of retaking 
Fort Moultrie ? 
Mr. STANTON. When we come to that, 1 
1 
will discuss the question with the gentleman. 
was going on to say that the Executive of this 
Governmenthas ccrtain duties to perform. Amonæ 
these is the collection of the revenues. So long 
as cities in any of t.he States are continued ports 
of entry, it will be the duty of the Government of 
the United States to collect the revenues of such 
ships as may enter there, either at the custom- 
house or at such other point in the harbor as the 
Government may designate. And if a military 
force or any force is employed to prevent the col- 
lector from discharging his duties at the custom- 
house, or any other appropriate place at the option 
o€thc Government, it is the duty of the Govern- 
ment to use the Army and Navy, if necessary, to 
in.the discharge of his dnties. 
prot.eet. the collector 
Now, presume that no gentleman apprehends 
that military force is to be used for the purpose 
! of protecting the custom-house in Charleston or 
New Orleans; but I apprehend that it is intended 
that some collector for those ports shall be pro- 
tected in the collection of the revenues; and if 
military force is used to prevent the collector from 
