466 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 19, 
mittee on the Judiciary- is the iaw organ of the 
I am unwilling, therefore, to encumber 
Senate. 
this bill with any provision upon that subject, but 
shall be willing to unite with the Senator frÖm 
Indiana in passing a proper judiciary bill, to fol- I 
low this one, and immediately after it, if it shall 
be necessary, when Kansas shall have been ad- 
mitted; but I do not wish to encumber this bill 
I do not think it is safe 
with these provisions. 
to do so, no matter how carefully they have been 
prepared, and no matter how competent the Sen- 
ator may be to prepare them, •without their un- 
dergoing the investigation of the Judiciary Corn„ 
mittee. 
Mr. FITCH. Mr. President, it is rule, 
an unwritten one of the Senate, which I give the 
Senator from Illinois the credit of having discov- 
ered, that an amendment to a bill, not involving 
an appropriation, must necessarily come from a 
committee, or that it is not worthy of considera- 
tion if it does not. That it may have becn the 
practice to pass supplementary bilk, creating ju- 
dieial districts in new States, at one period of our 
history as a Government, I admit; but the Sen- 
ator, think, has the further credit of having been 
among the first to sanction a departure from that 
practice. The Senator, as chairman of the Com- 
miltee on Territories, was the channel through 
which the bili for the admission of Minnesota 
camc to the Senate. This amendment was copied 
from that bill. Therefore, if the language of that 
bill is carefully guarded, this is equally so. I give 
him the credit that it is so, taking nonc to myself. 
He first depafrted from what he inform* us has 
been the practice; or at least the departure met 
with his approbation. 
1 have followed his ex- 
ampic. If he was right, then this amendment is 
I need not now, Mr. President, give reasons in 
favor of the amendment. Its language carries the 
reasons f(y• its necessity, should think, to the 
conviction of every Senator. The only real rca- 
son for opposition to •it must be political. No 
opposition can be based upon sound, lecyal, con- 
stitutional ground, or grounds of right. There 
may be political reasons för such opposition. 
Unless those reasons arc developed by the vote 
upon tho proposed amendment, or in the course 
of the debatc elsewhere, I shall not go into any 
discussion of them. If they are, I may do so. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, the Senator 
happens to be mistaken, I believe, in his suppo- 
sinon that I prepared a judiciary bill for Minne- 
sota, or that portion of t'hc bill for the admission 
of Minnesota relating to the judiciary. 'Ilkat bill 
came from the House of Rebrescmtatives. I was 
informed that it had received the approbation and 
reporl of the Judiciary Comanittee there. When 
it came here, no objection being made, it havinrr 
come from the Judiciary Committee of the House,' 
it is very probable I did not move to strike it out; 
and if this provision had come with a carefully 
prepared bill from thc House of Representatives, 
and from thcir Judiciary Conunittcc, I do not th ink 
I should to strike it out. That is one of the 
exceptions to the general practice of the Govern- 
ment in regard to these bills. 
I see no necessity, 
therefore, adopting this provision as an amend- 
mcnt, although I do not, perhaps, deem it such 
a departure as would have rendered it necessary 
to strike it out if it had come from the House of 
Representatives in thc bill. 
It involves the ne- 
cessty of sending this bill back to the House of 
If the bill itself were defective, 
Rc ves. 
and required amendment, I should be willing to 
amend it, and send it back to the I-louse of Rep- 
rcscntativos; but as tl'ke bill itself is complete for 
the purposes for which it was introduced, with- 
out atnendment, and as the general practice has 
been that the judiciary bifl should come from the 
Judiciary Committee, and be passed in a separate 
form, choose to conform to that practice rather 
than put"this amendment on this bil\. The case 
that the Senator stat.es is not in point. 
Mr. PUGH. Will my friend from Illinois 
allow me to make a suggestion? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly. 
Mr. PUGH. The clause in the Minnesota bill amendment, as offered to this bill, is in the form 
It was of the Minnesota bill, as it was approved by the 
was added in the Senate on my motion. 
not in the bill first prepared for the adrmssion of Judiciary Committee, at that day, the only ob- 
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution; but 
jcction I now have to its being added to this bill 
af'ter conference with the members of the Com- is that it involves the necessity of sending this 
mittee on the Judiciary, it was rnoved bv me in bill back to the House of Represcntatives, for 
the Senate, and was then debated at somb leno•th 
separate bill can easily be passed in the usual 
and added to that. bill. Afterwards, at the request 
form to accomplish the object. 
of the Senators elect from Minnesota, I moved it, 
Mr. GREEN. I should like to ask the Sena- 
with a mere change of the name of the State, to 
tor a question. If a separate bill would pass, why 
the Minnesota bill, as an amendment to a House 
would not the Kansas admission bill pass with 
bill,' just precisely as the Senator from Indiana 
this tunendment? 
has done to-day. After my friend has finished 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 
take it for granted that a 
his argument, I shall show to him, 1 think, the 
separate bill •will pass. 
absolute necessity of its being put here now, to 
Mr. GREEN. Very well; why not this, then ? 
prevent a fairure of the administration of justice. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is no necessity for 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand , then, from the 
delaying this bill as it would be delayed by the 
Senator, that he was a member of the Judiciary 
adoption of the amendment. The Senator from 
Committee when he offered it; that he consulted 
Missouri well knows that this Kansas question 
and had the approval of the Judiciary Commit- 
has been here for years,.and no consideration on 
tee, •and announced that fact at the time to the 
carth could suffice to stop it in this body three 
Senate. 
years aco, when it came under the Lecompton 
• Mr. PUGH. I did not announce it; but I 
constitution. It was notstopped then to be amended 
showed the necessity of the amendment; and 1 
for the want of judiciary or any other clauses; 
think shall show it now, after the Senator has 
but it was forced through. We are told, first, that 
finished. 
Kansas must be kept out because her northern 
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is a solitary excep- 
boundary is not right, when it is the same now 
tlon—perbaps there may be one more—in the 
as it was then; next, that shc must bc kept out 
whole history of the Government, to a general 
because the sou thern boundary is not righ t, though 
rule. Now, this amendment is to delay the bill. 
it is the same now it was then; again, she must 
What necessity is there for it? 'We can pass this 
be kept out because o: the Indian treaties, though 
provision to-day, or next week, in a subsequent 
the same objection existed then as now; again, 
bill, according to tho usual practice, and send it 
she must be kept out because she has not popu- 
promptly to the House of Rcprcscntatives. have 
lati01) enough, though she has three times as many 
not made the objection the Senator from Indiana 
people as were there then; and, finally, this bill 
seems to suppose, that an amendment to a bill 
must bc dclayed now because it does not contain 
cannot properly come from an individual Senator; 
a judiciary clause. do not understand why these 
but I do say, that an amendment embracing the 
constant objections are being interposed to the 
whole subject of the judiciary of a State ought to 
admission of Kansas now, when none of them 
come from the Judiciary Committee, ought to be 
were presented in regard to the Lecompton con- 
matured by them, and ought to be offered with 
stitution, three years aff0, nor in regard to the 
their sanction. The Senator from Indiana thinks 
admission of Oregon, which has since taken place. 
there can be no opposition to this amendment 
It seems to me that the fate of Kansas is a hard 
except it is political. I believe i am the only man 
one; and it is necessary for these Senators to ex- 
yet who has evinced any disposition to oppose 
plain why they makc the distinction in their action 
It, and it is difiicult for me to understand how the 
between Kansas and Oregon, instead of In y ex- 
Senator thinks my objection can be political. 
I 
plaining why I do not make a distinction between 
do not understand what political motive I can 
them. 
have cither for opposin«r or supporting it. My 
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, it seems to me 
i position forbids that I should have any political 
that my friend from Illinois is disposed -to sus- 
motive whatever in this matter; nor am I in the 
pcct something where nothing ought to be sus- 
habit of suspecting Senators of different motives. 
pected. The Lebompton bill did have this very 
for an act from that which they assign in. the dis- 
It was moved in the Senate, 
proposition in it. 
charge of their duty, and especially when they 
it was in the bill which 
and added to the bill; 
arc if) the discharge of their duties according to 
passed the Senate. The Oregon bill was a Senate 
thc usual practice of thc Senate. 
, and to that I was prepared to ofl-z•r the saine 
bill 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER.) 
amendment; but I happcned to be out of my;cat 
There arc certain blanks in this arnenchuent, the 
when the bill passed the Senate. Every body re- 
filling of which would first be in order bcforc 
collects the struggle over that bill in the House 
taking the cuestion on the amcndmcnt. 
Mr. FIT&H. all the details 
of Representatives, and that, instead of adding it 
to that, a separate bill was brought in. I ac- 
of the legislation of period when Minnesota was 
knowledge that the early practice was to have two 
admitted, although at the time a member of this 
bills; not for Lhe reason given by the Senator 
body, I took it for granted that the bill for the ad- 
from Illinois, because there was no Committee on 
mission of that Territory as a State had passed 
Territories till a late period in the history of Con- 
through the ordeal of the committee over which the 
gress, and all questions as to the admission of 
Senator from Illinois then presided. 
It appears, 
new States were referred to the standing Com- 
however, that the amendment to that bill, from 
mittee on the Judiciary; but why they reported 
which I have copied this one, was introduced pre- 
two bills instead of one bill on the same subject, 
ciscly as this has been, by an individual Senator, 
is a matter Nhich we cannot now explain. •per- 
on his individual responsibility, and that it met-the 
haps it was because, in the early times, the powers 
sanction of the Senator f'z•onl Illinois, at that time. 
and jurisdiction of the district courts in the new 
That sanction he is disposed to withhold now. 
States varied somewhat; but at a verv early pe- 
i have no word of complain.t 
That is his right. 
riod, in regard to the district court of Kentucky, 
at this apparent change in his views. The Sen- 
the power and jurisdiction given under the gen- 
ator erred when l•rc supposed I was attributing to 
eral judiciary act of 1789 was assumed, and it has 
I supposed it would 
him any political object. 
beefi followed from State to State. Therefore, 
strike every gentleman who heard the remark, 
when the Senator from Indiana refer' us, as his 
that my supposition that the opposition to this 
amendment does, to the district court of Minne- 
amendinent out of political considerations 
sota, that refers to the district court of Iowa, and 
could not apply to this side of the Chamber. 
that act refers back to a fornier district court, and 
desire, however, not to cro into that discussion, 
at last you get back to the old district court for 
for really I 'flatter myself that the necessity of the 
tllC State of Kentucky; and hence there is no ne- 
I amendment is too apparent to require any such 
ccssity except to refer back, for the jurisdiction 
discussion, or to admit of any opposition, based 
of thc courts is settled. 
on any such consideration. Such necessity, how- 
Now suppose v„re do not put this amendment 
ever, I shall leavc to the Senator from Ohio to 
on this bill: what then? If it were early in the 
explain, he having already indicated his intention 
session, if it were the first session of the Con- 
to do so. 
oress, I should care little about it. We might 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 have only a word to add 
prepare a separate bill, us we did in the case of 
to what I have already said. As the Senator did 
Oregon; and be certain of its passage in both 
not allude to me, when he rcferred to political 
Houses; but suppose there be no such proposition • 
motives for opposing the amendment, I can only 
what is the condition of affairs? Are not the 
say that since it has been disclosed that: this 
courts of the State of Kansas, when she is ad- 
mitted, incompetent to entertain any prosecutions 
for ofiönscs against the laws of the United States? 
Are not the citizens of every other State pre- 
verged from bringing their actions, as the Consti- 
tution of tho United States gives them a right to 
which I think there is no necessity, because a do, in thc Federal court? More than that, as the 
