468 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 19, 
•vs. John Batty and others, the case of the State cofitingency. They are all made that way. They 
I p/ovide for it; and so it will be .here. Whenever 
of Wisconsin : 
A writ of error to the suprerne court of the Territory of 
Wisconsin was pending in this court when the State of I 
VVi$consin was admitted into the Union, and no provision I 
was made by any act of Congress for the execution of the 
mandate of this court, in such a case, by any inferior court ; 
'Phat as tbc territorial court bad ceased to exist, 
aud no court had been empowered to execute the mandate 
of this courl, the writ must. be dismissed; •2. That as the 
subject of the suit was a matter not within the judicial 
power Of the United States within a State, Congress eould 
mnpower any court therein to execute the mandate of this 
court after the admission of Wisconsin into the Union." 
T.here are several others, but I happened to lay 
my hand upon that first. This amendment was 
drawn two years ago, as 1- said, upon a careful 
examination of this decision, and to meet that 
very difficulty. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, in relation 
to that, it is not entirely true that the mandate of 
the Supreme Court must be authorized by law to 
go to some other tribunal if the one from which 
the judgment came has ceased to exist. That 
I have 
requires legislation, and it has received it. 
here a list of the acts for the admission of a large i 
number of Slates for the last thirty years, and not 
one of them, with the exception of the single in- 
stance of Minnesota, had in the act which admit- 
I can 
tcd the State any such provision as this. 
go as far back as Indiana, Arkansas, and Illinois. 
They were always, cxcept in that single insbance 
of Minnesota, and for the very purpose which the 
gentleman mentions, fully provided for in this 
judicial arrangement after the State was admitted 
in every case, and even since the Minnesota case, 
in the casc of Oregon. 
For myself, Mr. President, I never entertainod 
an idea that the question about this amendment 
had any political character attached to it in the 
I should be as free to vote to-morrow for 
this arrar)sremc nt for the judicial necessi tics arising 
out ofthc admission ofa new State, in relation to 
the Slate Of Kansas as any other State 
be willing to do it at any time, to-morrow', or 
whenever it is a proper subject for consideration. 
There is no necessity to vote iton. this bill. With 
a single exception, the whole experiencc of the 
is the other way. Ail the casi's• have 
been the other i-vay for a great many years; and 
how it makes sort of difference with the de- 
cision quoted, am sure I cannot conceive. That 
decisiou has been already made;- and therefore 
anything that coukd be done here about making 
judv•os and corn•ts for the Statcg of Kansas never 
by any possibility, have any upon 
that judgment In any way. The citing of that 
as a case, '.vhich calis for this being done in this I 
bill, hits'no force whatever. Ido not wish to take 
up tune about it. 
this State is admitted, and an act is brought for- 
ward for the purpose•of covering these cases, that 
will be just, the way l)ere. 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator vote for it? 
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly 1 will; to-mor- 
row or any day. 
GREEN. Why not do it to-day as well 
as to-morrow? 
Mr. COLLAMER. Thereasonissimply this— 
and that has been answered two or three times— 
it•will embarrass the admission of the State, and 
send the bill back to the House of Representa- 
tivcs, and we shall have another quarrel aboüt it. 
That is the reason. 
Mr. GREEN. There will be no diffculty about 
the bill. 
Mr. COLLAMER. There will be no trouble 
if the bill be passed, and the State admitted. 
Mr. GREEN. The only mattér that can corne 
before the House of Representatives will be the 
amendment put on the bill; and if they will pass 
the amendment in a separate bill, they can pass it 
attached to this one, so that the whole objection 
falls. 'l'hct•e is some other purpose which I can- 
notdevise except as I have explained. The House 
of Representatives cannot consider a bill after 
they have passed it. The rules do not allow it. 
They cannot amend or alter onc single word in the 
bill as they passed it; and when the bill goes back 
to them, the only question is: will you agree to 
the Senate's amendment or not? It' they would 
agree to this amendment in a separate bill, will 
they not agree to it added to this bill, when a 
majority of thc House are so warruly attached to 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the casc 
referred to by the Senator from Ohio by no means 
establishes the principle w bich has been contended 
for. That, decision goes this length; that no mat- 
tcr what acts of Congress may be passed—that is 
the poii'lt of thc decision, although t.hey place it 
upon two is not competent for Con- 
crress to give the Supreme Court jurisdiction ofa 
case when the court to which their rnandate would 
be directed is gone, and the subject-matter of the 
suit is not one of which the court would have 
jurisdiction as in a State. Now, take the case 
suggested by the Senator from Indiana, and the 
very case, which has necessitated the occasion for 
offering this amendment. That is a case of which 
the Supreme Court of the United States would 
not have jurisdiction if it came from a State. 
It 
is not one of that class of cases of which the 
Supreme Court has jurisdiction, except in the 
Territories. Nov,' , what does this court decide ? 
Mr. GR.FJEN. I want to ask the Senator onc 
's l. rrnat as the territorial court had ceased to exist, and 
no court had been etnpowered to execute the mandate of 
d oes not the ission of the State 
tlli* court, the writ Inust be disvnissed. 2. That as the sub- 
present. Federal courts there, ? 
ject of the suit was a matter not within the judicial power 
Mr. COLLAM There is no court, 
01' ill? United Stateh within a State, Congress eouid not 
etnpower any eotu•t therein to execute the tnandate of this 
, there, in the sense in which 1 use 
court arter the adl)lission of Wisconsin into the Union." 
' Federal." There is a territorial court, 
And after going over the statutes—for this was 
a case wherc thero was an express statute to give 
Mr. GREEN. By Federal authority. 
the Supre:ne Court jurisdiction—the court say— 
Mr. COL,LAMER. By congressional author- 
ity. You know that has been decided not to be I read now from the opinion of the c&urt: 
like Fede ral court. r Vhe territorial courts, those 
In placing the want of jurisdiction, however, upon this 
created hy Congress, are not courts. Ii ground' — 
Mt. GkEEN. 1 understand. Does it not 
they dec.ided that it did not come within the 
statu te , and there vvas statute of the United States 
inate the existence of' that court ? 
l'\h-. COLLAMER. Oh, yes; it terminates the 
intended to cover it— 
jurisdiction of the territorial court. 
we must not be understood as adtnitting that, if the 
Mr. GREEN. And although an appeal is taken 
provisions ot• the Florida act of the 22d of February, 1847 
in that court, alid noticc of the appeal given, how applied to tbc case, the jurisdiction could bc upheld. For', 
if we are right in the conclusion tl')at. even the 
If that 
is a case to be brought up to this court? 
' record in the cuse had bcen t.ransti.n•rcd the territorial 
court then ends, how are you going to get from 
to the district court of the State, our jurisdiction would 
what is decided in it; placed, it is true, upon two 
grounds; first, that the act of Congress did not 
embrace the particular case; and, if it did, it would 
have made no difference,) that it is not In the 
power of Congress to give the jurisdiction—un- 
less it is such a case as the Supreme Court the 
United States would have jurisdiction of, if com- 
ing from a State after the State is admitted; and 
you would not help it by forty bills under that 
decision. 
Mr. PUGH. well, Mr, President, there are 
more than forty law vers in the Senate; herc is the 
book, and they may- all read it, but this attempt 
to make back-water around the case will not oyer- 
throw it. The jurisdiction of the Court 
of the United St.ates in ali writs of error and in 
all appeals taken from the supreme court of Kan- 
sas will determine, Congress passes some 
act of legislation. Now, whether the Florida act 
in that case was sufficient or not, I do not know; 
but I know that this provision is; because, since 
it was put into the Minnesota act, cases continued 
in the Supreme Court under it have been decided 
and reported. Cases pending in the Supreme Coutt 
of the United States on an appeal arid writ of error, 
from the suprcmc court of the Territory of Min- 
nesota, have been ponding in that court under that 
provision, and decided; so that, if that statute is 
not suffcicnt, we know this is, because it has 
I do not carc to pro- 
passed under adjudication. 
long the controversy. As I say, any lawyer in 
the Senate may read the case. 
Mr. FI'I'CH. Mr. President, 1 desire to 
attention for a moment to the circumstances under 
which this bi\l is about 10 be forced to a passage, 
as compared with the circumstances attendant 
upon the passage of thc Minnesota bill. The bill 
for the admission of the latter State passed in 1858. 
Then the present Executive. havin some two years 
to serve, It was not thought possible upon the 
part of his opponents to defer the admission of 
the new State long enough to prevent his having 
the appointment of the Federal offces within its 
limits, oven if sucl•x postponement had been de- 
sirable•, and I do not know that it was deemed so 
by any Senator on the side. But here 
c.(.nnes another bill for the admission of another 
State upon the eve of an out.'F0ing Administration, 
and when one is abou•t to be inauo•uratcd into 
power with. their political prociivit.ies. There was 
no objection on their part, in 1858, to the adoption 
of the amendment offered by the Senator from 
Ohio, [Mr. PUGH,] to the bill for the' ad- 
mission of Minnesota in the precise language of 
the amendment I have offered to this Kansas bill. 
Thcn every Senator on that side of the Chamber, 
without an exception, voted for it. Here are the 
yeas and nays in the Journal hold in my hand. 
But now, suddenly, thcrc isa conscientious desi re 
on their part to have the bill for the admission of 
aStute not hampered with any extraneous matter. 
Their now professions are the reverse of their 
then acts. 
They pledge themselves that they will vote im- 
incdiately for: a judicial bill. Why did they not 
make the same objection t.o the attachment of the 
same feature to the Minnesota bill? I know, vou 
know, sir, the anxiety they felt—an anxiety par- 
taken in comrnon, I believe, on the part. of all the 
North, and indeed many of •the Senators of the 
South—for the early admission of State. 
thought it but an act of justice; but we thought 
it equally just to attach a provision similar to this 
to the bill. No voice among them was raised 
against the proposition then. Upon a call of the 
yeas and nays, their names—including that of 
the Senator from Illinois who sits behind me, 
[Mr. DOUGLAS I—are all recorded in the aflinna- 
tive. But now, uudei' a new phase of political 
that cot.trt. to the Supreme Cour-t? The moment 
still he inconu)lete and ineffectual, 
inas•unueh as that court 
you abolish the court, can you send a writ of possessed no power to carry the :uaudatc into execution, 
parties, and in vie'•v of the fact that thcrc is a cer- 
the case not being one of Federal jutis•.diction, the resnit 
r I'here is nobody to serve a writ on, 
error there 
I would be the *tune as that at. which we have arrived. 
OJ to bring up the record. 
in every view.'. thereförc, we have been able to take, of 
idr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, in every the case, x,ve arc satisfied thittour jurisdiction over it ecased 
onc of the cases i have mentioned—the list of 
-.—the territoriat courts always endcd 
w a icl} I have 
w I-wun the State was admitted; and in that oase of 
, which came before the Supreme Court, 
they decided that inasmuch as the case came 
fron-} the territorial court, they could not send a 
mandate to any State court to execute thc judg- 
of thp Supreme Court. They said it rc- 
qun•ett an act of Congress to invest them with the 
to do that. Now, ull these judicial acts 
have in t.he:n this very to mcet that 
with the torn)ination ofthe territorial gnvcnunentand laws; 
and that it has not been revived or if, indeed, it 
could have been, by any aci or authority or on the 
subject; and uat the writ. of error must be abated 2' 
In a previous part of the opinion Ille court say: 
'I'he section was dravv'l}, under the supposi- 
if t.ho suit was pendin•r here at the time of the 
lion that, 
adn;ission of a rrerrjtory int.o the Union as a State, on '1 
peal or writ of error, no legislation Was necessary to pre- 
serve or 2ivc effect to the jurisdiction of the court over it 
as we have seen, founded in error." 
an oninif)ll 
(and that is ! 
the point of that case is, 
tain question connected with the great sectional 
a«yitation which is at this moment almost. uproot- 
ing the Govern nunnt of the country from its found- 
ations—and which question they are apprehensive 
may, through this amendment, be decided adverse 
to their political tenets—they desire to prevent 
the attachrnent of the amendment to the bill 
Instead of frankly 
order to prevent the decision. 
acknowledöing that these considerations influ- 
ence their views—and I cannot believe that the 
views of all on that side arc thus influenccd—tbev 
basc their opposition to this proposition upon a 
desire to admit the State without clogging the bill 
for that purpose with any mutter which can be 
