1861. 
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
469 
omitted. No such desire was expressed under 
other circumstances in relation to another bill for 
the admission of another State in the same sec- 
tion. 
Mr. CLARK. I want to call the attention of 
the Senator from Indiana to one or two consider- 
ations in anéwer to what he has just said. They 
are these: At the last session OF Congress, this 
bill was reported to the Senate. The Senators on 
this side have been continually anxious to pass 
If it had not been for the opposition on thc 
it. 
other side, it might have passed months ago; and 
the gentlemen on the other side might have had 
their judiciary bill, and their appointments also. 
Wo have. not delayed it. You, on that side, have 
delayed it; and because now we want to pass it 
at the close of the session, you arc trying to de- 
feat it, on the pica that q.vc want to get the appoint- 
ment. You nught have had it six or eight months 
a«ro, if you had chosen to pass the bill; and it is 
not fair to makc such an irnputation upon this 
side of the Chamber. You can have it now by 
passing the bill. 
Mr. FITCH. That is very true. think there 
was opposition on this side of the Chamber. 
confess I opposed it, as I Shail do again, unless 
this arncndment is adopted. T her), as now, there 
was no disposition manifestcd upon that side of 
the Chamber to agree to this amendment. 
Mr. CLARK. Did the Senator offer it then? 
It was pending then; but there 
Mr. Fl'rC1-1. 
wore other amendments which had precedence; 
and this is the first opportunity, although it was 
printed at the last session, that I havc had to call 
Mr. COLLAMER. Did the Senator endeavor 
to get it acted on at that time? 
Mr. FITCH. 1 tried to got it before the Senate 
at that time, as tho Senator must recollect and the 
amendment wiil show; for f offered it, it was 
printed, and notice given by me that whenever 
the bill should come up it would bc offered. An- 
however, having been intro- 
other amendment, 
duced prior to it, precluded the possibility of ray 
taking it up then. I never met with any oncour- 
acycment on the opposite side of the Charnber rel- 
I was not disposed to prc- 
ative to its adoption. 
vent the admission of Kansas upon political 
grounds, and do not believe now, so far as myself 
and those associated with me politically are con- 
cerned, that wo have anythin«-r to expect, politi- 
icaily, from the adoption of this amendment; for, 
judging from the recently-manifested proclivities 
of the Exequtive, he is quite likely to appoint to 
the offices creatcd by the amendment applicants 
recommended by those of the opposite side of thc 
Chamber,. especially if those recommended can 
claim to be front Pennsylvania. 
Mr. WILSON Mr. President, this question 
of the admission of Kansas has been pnndil'lg• be- 
forc us for a long We. arc anxious to carry 
the bill through; and I take it that is the only 
motive that governs us in opposing the amend- 
mcnt of the Senator from Indiana. - It is in the 
power of that Senator, and of his friends, to intro- I 
duce a bill, after wc pass this act for flie admis- 
Sion of Kansas, to securc the judge in the new 
I know of no Senator on 
State, if they desire it. 
this side of the Chamber who will oppose any bill 
of that kind. Now, sir, if this provision had been 
in the originåi bill as it came from the Hot-Ise of 
Represel)tuti ves, do not believe there is a Sen- 
ator in this body who would vote to strike itout; 
but thc bill comes to us from the House of Rep- 
resentatives in its present form ; we want to admit 
Kansas; we want to close that case; and we say 
to the Senator from Indiana and his friends: brino• 
in your bill, and pass it promptly, if you desire 
aud if you want the appointment of a 
co do so; 
jud2•e in the 'Territory, take it. We want to close 
this question to-day, and admit Kansas into the 
Union as a sovereign State. 
1M r. GREEN. This question cannot be closed 
to-day. know that this amendment is just and 
proper in itself, and it is conceded to be so on all 
sides. Not a single Senator says it is wrong; but 
they say: " 'This is the wrong place; it embar- 
I happen to 
rasses the admission of Kansas. ' 
know the contrary' It insures the passage of this 
amendment. 
in the House of Representatives, in consequence Clingman, Crittenden, Fitch, Green, 
ter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, 
It is •necessary. You say a 
of this amendment. 
Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice; Satilsé 
supplemen tal bill catl be passed. Well, if a sup- 
bury Sebastian, Thonrson, a'nd 
plemental bill will pass so quickly and so easily, 
why not let it pass with this bill, and go to the 
House of Representatives? Can any one assign 
a reason for it? I believe I have heard no reason. 
I shall urge no reason for its necessity, for that 
strikes every Senator who listens to the reading 
of the amendment; but there is a reason for put- 
ting it -in t}iis bill, and that is, to insure its pas- 
sage. In a separate bill it will not pass, in my 
opinion. If put on this bill, I know the bill and 
amendment will pass, and that is the reason I 
want it put on the bill. 
Mr. FITCH. Mr. President, 
accept the pledge of the Senator from Massachu- 
setts, (and certainly, so far as he is concerned, I 
would accept it cheerfully,) hc cannot pledge him- 
self for his political friends at the other end of the 
Capitol; and if any Democrat—I beg pardon for 
al lud ing to political parties by name herc ; the names 
by which they are designated should bc excluded 
altogether from this Chamber—but if any gen- 
tleman professing tbc politics entertained by a 
majority of those on this side of thc Chamber is 
sufficiently vcrdant to act on that pledge, he will 
find himself most woefully disappointed ; not from 
any indisposition on the part of the honorable 
Senator who makes the pledge to carry it out, but 
on account of his utter inability to control the ac- 
tion of otl'ieps of his party. is it fair for them to 
u roe an objection to an amendment to this partic- 
ukar bill, when the same provision—this being a 
copy—has received t.heir assent in another bill 
under very sirnilar circumstances, except those 
connected with the incominr» and outfF0ing of 
Administrations? The Senator himself I see is 
recorded in favor of the passage of the Minnesota 
bill. So are both the Senators from Vermont, and 
indeed all, without exception, upon that side of 
the Chamber, who then held seats here. This 
regard for thc prompt admission ofa State, with- 
out clogging that admission with what they now 
call extraneous questions, t11C\'1 was not breathed. 
Minnesota, according to their present logic, was 
a State of minor consideration compared with that 
which they are dis Dosed to Oive to Kansas. 
look upon them bot alike. I voted for the admis- 
Sion of Minnesota with that provision. I shall 
sustain the provision in the present bill, and shall 
most assuredly not vote for the bill unless the 
provision is inserted. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from 
Iildiana. 
Mr. FITCH. There two blanksin 
the amendment, which I apprehend it would be 
proper tn first. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
suggested that fact to thc Senate on several occa- 
sions. No motion has yet been made to fill the 
blanks. 
IVIr. FITCH. The blanks were left with the 
intention, on my part, to have the amour)ts with 
which they should be filled—I believe they relatc 
only to the compensation of offccrs—stated by 
some Senator who is a member of the Judiciary 
Committee, who are better judges than myself of 
the value of the services to rendered. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 move to the blankfor the 
salary of tl'le judge at $2,500. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is 
informcd, on an examanation of the amendment 
by the Secretary, that the blanks only relate to 
the time of holding the, courts, not to the salaries 
of officers. 
Mr. PUGH. I will suggest to the Senator from 
Indiana to fill the blanks with April"' arid 
so that the courts will be held on the 
' 'October," 
first Mondays of April and October in each year. 
Do understand that to be acceptable? 
Mr. FITCH. very well; 1 to that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved 
that the blanks be filled with the words " April" 
if there be no objection, 
and " October." 
blanks will be filled in that manner. The Chair 
Is the Senate ready for thc question 
hears none. 
on the amendmenl of the Senator from Indiana? 
Mr. FITCH. 1 desire to have the yeas and 
nays Oh the amendment. 
Mr. WILSON. How is that? 
Mr. GREEN. I say 1 happen to know the The yeas and nays were ordered; and boing 
it. will insure the passageofthisamend- li taken, 
resulted—yeas 26, nays 27; as follows: 
contrary 
I YEAS—Mesrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, , 
ment. The bill v.,'ill not be delayed five minutes 
NÅYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker; Bin«harh•; -Cäméi•on;- 
Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas; •Dur•é 
kee, Fessenden, Foot. Foster, Grimes.•flale, 
Morrill, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, 'fen Eyck, TiuÉLbuil; 
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—27. 
So the amendment was rejected. 
Mr. GREEN. I wish to inquire whether my 
name is recorded ; -and-if so, upon which side? 
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's 
name is recorded in the amrmative. 
Mr. GREEN. Then I will change my. vote 
for the purpose of moving a reconsideration. 
am satisfied that the amendmentis right, and ought 
to be adopted. change my vote. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is too late, 1 appre- 
hend, to change the vote now after the result is 
declared. I object. 
• Mr. GREEN. It has not becn declared.. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. has been. 
Mr. GREEN. heard it. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. r did. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair had 
declared that the yeas „-were 26, and the nays 
27; so the amendment was not agreed to. ' The 
Chair then caught thc oye of the Senator froni 
Missouri, and rec(Fnized him as addressing -the 
Chair. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 did not hear the announce- 
ment. 
It was announced. 
Several SENATORS. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho 
amendment, proposed by the Senator from Mis- 
souri, [Mr. GREEN,] to the preåmble of the bill, 
is now pending. It will be read by the Secre- 
tary. 
Tl'he Secretary read the amendment; which was, 
in the fifth line of the preamble, between the 
words " which " and " was," to insert the words 
' by order of the convention, was submittcd to a 
vote of the people for their approval or disap- 
proval, and by them;" and in the sixth line to 
strike out the words by the people;" a 
the ninth line, bct\vcen the words " behalf" and 
asked, " to insert the words " before the rati- 
fication as aforesaid • " 
so that the preamble will 
read : 
Whcreas the pcoplc of thc Territory of Kansas, by their 
representatives in convention assembled at Wyandot.t.e, in 
said 'Iterrit.ory, on the 29th day of .hlly, 1859, did [Onn (Or 
theunsel ves a constitution and State government, repub! ican 
in iOrm, which, by order of the convention, i•vas subliiitted 
to a vote of the people for their approval or disapproval, 
and by thern was ratified and adopted at an election held 
that•purpose, on Tuesday, the 4th day of' October, 1859, 
and trie said convention has, in their nan-tc and behalf, be- 
tore the ratification as aforesaid, asked the Congress of the 
United States to admit the said Territory into tlie Union as 
a State, on an equal tooting with the other States: 'lthere- 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. TVill 
pleasc come to order? So many Senators are 
passing upon the floor, and there is so much con- 
fusion, that it is impossible for the business of the 
Senate to proceed understandingly. The.que.?tion 
is upon the adoption of the amendment to the 
preamble, which has just been read. 
Mr. GREEN. There are two amendments. 
I will explain the first one, and let the vote be 
I shall then explain the second 
taken upon that. 
one, and let the vote be taken upon that. Neither 
will giye rise to much debate. The first one is to 
insert, in the fifth line of the preamble, between 
the words, s' by 
the words which" and was,' 
order of the convention, x,vas submitted to the 
vote of the people for their approval or disap- 
proval, and by them." The object of this amend- 
ment I will state to the Senate. The preamble, 
as it now stands, reads thus: 
Whereas the people of the 'l'erritory of Kansas, by their 
representatives in convention assembled at I.Vyaudutte, in 
said Territory, on the 29th day of July, 1859, did lön-n for 
thmnseives a constitution and State gover•nnent, rep»b- 
lican in torm, which was ratified and accepted by the peo- 
ple at the election held {br that purpose, &c. 
I do not wish Congress to sanction tbc idea that 
it is necessary that it should be ratified and 
adopted by the people, unless the convention of 
the people directs that course; that is all. 
not wish to be committed. I hold that it is com- 
petent for the convention either to submit it to a 
vote of' the people or not, unless the vote of '-the 
people, when they make the convention, decide 
it is merely an exclusioii of author- 
otherwise. 
icy. I think it had better be done, bccauee, so 
