1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
473 
the coun try for settlement, after we have surveyed 
did not intimate anv such thing; and how the 
and sold a large portion of the land, and when the 
Senator got the impression is a little surprising 
It is- ratfier 
people are ready to bécome a State. 
to me; butl referred to the fact that, on a smaller 
late in the day to find out that t.his objection is 
matter, Missouri was sent back, and on a greater 
conclusive. Inasmucli as no man pretends that 
matter, Kansas is to be forced in. 
the treaty is not the paramount law of the land, it 
DOUGLAS. Ifthe Missouri case was not 
is clear that no harm can come to the Indians by 
cited as an example. for us to follow, I do not 
this bill. 
know for what purpose it was brought to our at- 
tention. I know Missouri was seni back for the 
Mr. GREEN, I mereiy wish, in a very few 
words, to call attention to the difference m the 
purpose of having a declaratory act passed, that 
cases. Nobody denies the right of Congress, in 
certain clauses of her constitution should never 
organizing a Territory, to give an outside bound- 
be executed. I always thought it was wrong, 
ary, and except out of it certain tracts or districts, 
and i think so yet; and an example that i thought 
because that depends atone upon the action of 
was a bad one, one that should never have been 
Congress. But the point the Senator overlooks 
set, one that stands as an exception in the whoie 
hist.ory of the country, ought not to be cited by a 
is, that whilst we can do that in the organization 
Senator from Missouri for us to follow in Kansas. 
of a State Government, the State must also do it, 
Certainly, it being an example which he repudi- 
to make. it binding or valid. Suppose we put in 
ates and thinks unjust, it ought not to be cited 
a thousand different provisions in this bill con- 
upon us as wort.hy of being folkowed now. 
flictino with the constitution of Kansas, and still 
But, sir, why the necessity of striking out that 
admit her, are they binding on Kansas? Nobody 
provision, if it has no legal effect to the injury of 
Is this proviso binding on Kan- 
will contend it. 
the Indians? He does not pretend it has;' but he 
sas? Nobody pretends It. How can it be made 
says if we do not do that, we ought to strike out 
binding on Kansas? By the. assent of Kansas, 
the declaratory part of the act of admission in 
either by her delegates in convention assembled, 
which by; law the Indian country is excepted. 
or by the people on a direct vote; and to under- 
Why strike that out? What harm does it do in? 
take to say that we will make it binding of our- 
He says it is not necessary there, for the treaty 
selves, is to force on an unwilling people a pro- 
protects the Indians. Suppose it is not necessary, 
viso that they have never assented to. 
does it do harm merely because it is unnecessary? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Does the Senator undertake 
Do we not often insert, in an act for the admis- 
to say that the treaty, 'Which the Constitution of 
Sion of a State, certain declaratory clauses of rights 
the United States says is the supreme law of the 
which would exist if the declaration were not 
land, is not binding on Kansas? 
made? Look into the act admitting California 
Mr. GREEN. I undertake to say that they 
was then contended that, inas- 
into the Union. 
have made their constitution notwithstanding the 
much as the constitution of California did not 
treaty. 
make any recognition of the right of the United 
Mr. DOUGLAS. But is it not subordinate to 
States to the lands within its limits, an uncondi- 
the treaty ? 
tional admission would operate as a surrender of 
Mr. GREEN. I do not say it is. By no 
alk the lands within that State to the State itself. 
means. 
I madea speech to at'rue 
Mr. DOUGLAS. But the Constitution of the 
We argued against it. 
dot.vn the objection. Those of much hi«yher au- 
United States says it is. 
Mr. GREEN. a does not. 
thority than I, Iliade speeches—Mr. Webster and 
Mr. Clay—to show that the objcction was not 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Constitution ofthcUni- 
well taken; but yet, for greater caution, we added 
t6d States declares that this Constitution, and all 
an amendment to the act, declaring that the ad-' laws and treaties made in pursuance of it, 
mission of the State of California should not be 
. be thc supreme law of the land, anything in the 
coristrued as a relinquishment of the right of the 
constitution or laws of any State to the contrary 
United States to the soil within the limits of Cali- 
notwithstanding. 
fornia. Then it was objected on this side of the 
Mr. GREEN. I need not be reminded of what 
Chamber that the declaiation was not binding on ! 
the Constitution says, I read it when I was a 
thc people of California, unless we sent it back to 
school-boy. 
them to agree to it. We said " no; that objec- 
Ail r. DOUGLAS. That is the reason you have 
tion is not well taken; the declaration itself was 
not since. (Laughter.] 
Mr. GREEN. 1 have quoted it often on the 
not necessary; but to show our understandino•, we 
chose to make it; we are not going to send the 
Senator since, to his heart's content. [Laughter.] 
constitution back for them to agree to it, because 
If the Const.it_nt.ion makes the treaty thc supreme 
So it is in this 
law of thc land, it proves to us the absurdity of 
we have made thc declaration." 
our present action. We are undertaking to do 
I do not deem any clausc necessary rc- 
spect to these Indian lands, for the reason that 
whet the Constitution says is null and void. Sup- 
the treaty protects them; but the fact that it is put 
pose we were undertaking to pass a personal lib- 
in is no objection ; it is merely declaratory—show- 
erty bill to set free every negro that crosses the 
line: would the Senator say " the Supreme Court 
ing our understanding of the meaning of the treaty 
will decide that that cannot be done, and there- 
—so that no man hereafter, in court or beföre any 
fore we l.vifl vote for it, it being simply null and 
other tribunal, shall ever cite the act of admission 
as evidencc that the United States Congress under- . 
void ? ' Would not the public hold us up to scorn 
and indignation if we were t.o go upon the prin- 
stood at the time that the State could take juris- 
ciple that. " we will do what we know is null and 
diction over these Indian lands. 
void; we will sanction what we know is uncon- 
It seems 
I do not to prolong the debate. 
Is that to be the mode of procedure 
to me that the objection has been shown conclu- 
stitu tional?' 
in the Senatc of the United States? Here isa sol- 
sively to have no legal binding effect injurious to 
emn treat v made, X,vhich I am glad the Senator 
the Indians. Nominally, they are inside of the 
has reminded me is the supreme law of the land. 
boundaries, but by treaty they are not. But here 
Here a body of men, living on our territory, in- 
let me say, that if this objection is valid, it was a 
clude a portion of that land in their jurisdiction, 
conclusive objection to organizing any 'L"crritory 
without exception or qualification. We propose 
west• of the Missouri river, either in Kansas or i 
to admit them with those same bonndaries which 
Nebraska, for the stipulation that the Indians 
they have marked out for themselves. Now, if 
should never be embraced within the limits of any 
it is the supreme law ef the land, and it makes 
Territory or State extended to lands aB high up 
as the Nebraska river. When the Kansas-Ne- 
their constitution null and void to that extent, 
braska act was passed, the Indians werc dotted 
why is this proviso put in ? 
all around through Kansasand through Nebraska, 
Provided, 'I'hat nothing contained in the said constitu- 
under stipulations; and if they wcre to be con- 
tion respecting the boundary of said State shall be construed 
to itnpair the Fights of person or property now pertaining to 
strued technically, that we could not run a bound- 
the Indians' in said 'I'erritory, so long as such rights slial) 
ary around them and exempt them from the State I 
remain unextinguished by treaty between thé United States 
or Territory, we could never have opened that It 
and such • [ndian*, or to include any territory which, by 
country to settlement at all. We encountered all 
treatv with such Indian tribe, is not, without the consent 
of said tribe, to be included within the territorial limits or 
these diffculties when the Kansas-Nebraska bill 
jurisdiction of any State or Territory. 
was passed, and we adopted this mode of except- 
Now, this either means something or nothing. 
ing them out to answer the objection; and unless 
If it means nothing, we are acting very foolishly. 
we succeeded in avoiding the objection by that 
if it means something, the people of Kansas ought 
go for striking.this proviso-*0Ut, gøTor 
i•esubmitting the constitution to: the- pööple•. Of: 
Kansas on the terms upon which we consent to.' 
it, and that is, not to include . the•- Indian, trébes•, 
Now, I ask, are they incl uded in•the preSent bound- 
aries of Kansas? They either are or they ai•dnot. 
If they are, it is in violation of the:fundarndmtäl• 
law. If they are not, then I ask this; question: 
suppöse we extinguish the title, and purchase 
lands from the- Indians: will their boundary, 
extended- by that purchase? Will the mere fhct 
that we make a treaty with Indians,' extend -the 
boundary of Kansas? Everybody knowe it can- 
If it does not, then these neutral lands•never 
not. 
can be in Kansas without the consent of Congress, 
even if we extinguish the Jndian title. The pres- 
ent boundary either excludes it or does not ex- 
clude it; if it does include it, it violates the fun- 
damental law; and if it does not include it, our 
extinguishment of the title will not make it- in- 
clude it. 
But, Mr. President, 1 do not wish to Wagte any 
I am pressing these as real 
time on this bill. 
and substantial- objections; and am doing it•för 
a good purpose, and not to deiay the passage: of 
I know there is strengtlf enough here 
the bill. 
to pass the bill at any moment you •choose. 
however, tnust discharge' my duty in pressing 
these prominent, palpable objections, which must 
strike every man the moment he turns his atten- 
tion to them; and which, in my opinion, but for 
political considerations, would secure the unani- 
mous consent of the Senate. But for these con- 
siderations, I do not believe there would be one 
dissenting voice to my amendments. And is it 
possible, in these trying times; in these times 
when so much oucht to be done for conciliation; 
in these times, the hearts of: patriots are 
beginning to fail them, lest catastrophes may 
overtake the country and plunge us in ruin, that 
the Senatc will rush with such hot haste, and 
almost förbid t,he freedom of debate, for the pur- 
pose of voting down proper amendments, pro- 
posed on a measure where a little delay. cannot 
possibly injure anything, but whei•e hot haste 
and inconsiderate action may plunge us into diff- 
calties with the Indian tribes, and occasion other 
diffculties? 'I'here is something in honor; there 
is something in plighted faith; there is something 
in a solemn pledge given to a weak people, a 
people whom we should foster and protect and 
cherish, for they are advancing with rapid strides 
towards greatness as an infant appendage to the 
I trust, sir, that we shall pause 
United States. 
and reflect and act in conformity with the prin- 
ciples of justice and equity. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is, " Will the Senate reconsider its vote of yester- 
day rejecting an amendment proposed to this 
Mr. HALE. Before the vote is taken, I desire-to 
say that I have paired off with thc senior Senator 
from California [Mr. CGw1N] until half past three 
o 'clock; and if the Secretary does not get through 
calling the roll by that time, I may record my vote. 
[The calling of the roll commenced at twenty- 
five minutes past three o'clock.] 
The question being taken by yeas and- nays, 
resulted—yeas 22, nays 29; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bragg, Bright, Cling- 
Inan, Fitch, Green, He:nphill, Hunter, Johnson of Ark- 
ansas, Johnson of 'I'ennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Mason, 
Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, 
and WiglåH—22. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham, Cam- 
eron, Chandler, (hark, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doo- 
little, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, 
Harlan, King, Latham, Morrill, Seward, Simmons, Sum- 
ner, 'Iten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson 
—29. 
So the motion to reconsider did not prevail. 
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 move that the Senate 
adjourn; and on that motion I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
'l'he yeas and nays were ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 33; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bragg, Bright, Cling- 
man, Fitch, Grecn Hemphill, ill unter, Johnson of Arkan: 
sas, Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Rice, Sauls- 
bury, Sebastian, 'J'homson, and 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham, Cam- 
oron, Chandler, Ctark, Colkamer, Crittenden; Dixon; Doo- 
little, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, 
Hale, Hartan, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy; King, 
Latharn, Morrill, rngh, Seward, Sinnnons Sumner Ten 
us to ascertain that, after we have thrown open mean anything it mean nothing? 1 shall II so the Senate refused to adjourn. 
act, we have violated these treaty stipulations 
should like to know, docs it Eyck, 'i'rumbuil, Wade, Wilkinson, and -Wilson—3d. 
