474 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
January 19, 
through, unless dispensed with by unanimous 
Mr. GREEN. 1 now call up the amendment 
that lies on the Secretary's desk, which was 
printed. 
The Secretary read the amendment; which was, 
to add at the end of the bill the following: 
and be it further enacted, That before this act shall take 
effect, the people of Kansas shall, by vote at such times 
and places as the Legislature by law shali order, assent to 
the provisions of this act, or until a convention of delegates 
shall thus assent, which delegates may be elected by the 
qualified electors as the Territorial Legislature directs, in- 
eluding, however, the whole of the territory embräeed in 
the limits herein prescribed as the boundaries of the State 
of Kansas. 
Mr. GREEN. A very words of explana- 
tion; I do not intend to repeat what I have said. 
This is to carry out in an effective form the views 
I have previously advanced, that this bill does 
make a change; that the people of Kansas ought 
to assent to it in some legal form; and if they do 
not, it will not be binding upon them; and I do not 
care whether it is a direct vote of the people orof 
•delegates sclected by them for that purpose. They 
may choose their own manner; they may select 
their own mode, and I shall be content; but put- 
ting in here a qualification to which they have 
never assented, I think makes it imperative on us 
to resubmit the question to them, out of abundant 
caution, to prevent any collision b&ween the 
I ask for the yeas 
Fcdcral and State authorities. 
and nays on the amendment. 
The yeas and nays '.vere ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 32; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Benjatnin, Bragg, Bright, Clingman, 
Fitch, Green. Gwin, Hemphill, Ilunter, Iverson, Johnson 
of Ark-ansaN, 'Johnson of 'l'enncssec, Kennedy, Lane, Ma- 
son, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Saulsbury, Sebastian, and 
Wikfall—21. 
NAYS—Mcssrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham, 
(..'lark, Colimner, Crittenden, Ui.xon, 
C.atncrort, Chandlcr, 
Foster, 
Du t•kee, Fessenden, 
Doolittle, Douglas, 
Harlan, King, Latham, Morrill, Pugh, Rice, 
Grilne.q, Ilale, 
Seward, Sinnnons, Sunn-jcr, 'Yen Eyck, 'I'rtunbull, VVade, 
Wilkinson, and Wilson—'d2. 
So the amendment was rejected. 
Mr. GREEN. I have one more amendment, 
which I ask the Secretary to read. 
The Secretary proceeded to read thc amend- 
men t: 
ne it further enacted, That all that part of the Territory of 
the United States included within the following lilnits, viz : 
Conunencjng on the thirty-seventh parallel ot' north latitude 
where tho twenty-tittll jneridian of longitude *'vest fron) 
thence north on gaid mcri- 
Washington crosses the same 
dian to the forty-second parallel of nort.h latitude ; thence 
along said parallel west to the thirty-third meridian ot'longi- 
tude west fro:n Wnshington ; thence south on said nieri- 
diau to Green river; thence down the center of the Inain 
channel of Green river to the northern boundary Nne ot 
New Mexico ; thence along said boundary line ot'Ncw Mc.x- 
ico to the point of intersection of it.s easterly part with tuc 
thence easterly on said parallel to 
thirty-seventh parallel ; 
tlrc placc of beginning, be, and the sanic is hcreby, erected 
into a temporary governrnent by the natne of thc 'Itcrritory 
Ot• Jefferson : Provided, 'I'hat nothing in this act contained 
shall be to itnpair the right* of persons or prop- 
crty now pertaining t.o the Indians in said rrerritory, so 
long as suc.li rights shall remain unextinguished by treaty 
between the United States and such Indians, or to include 
any tcrritory which, by treaty with any Indian tribe, is not, 
without the consent ()t' said tribe, to be included li'ilhin the 
territorial liniits or jurisdiction of any State 
or 'i'erritory ; 
but all territory shall be excepted out. of the 
bounda- 
rics and constitute no part of the 'I'erritory of' Jeflörson, 
until said tribe shall signi1S' their assent [0 the Presidentof 
thc United States to be ineludcd within said 'I'crritory, or 
to affect the authority of the Government of the United 
States to Inake afiy regulations respectin«r such 
thclr lands, property, or other rights, by treaty, law, or other- 
wise, which it would have been competent. tur the Govern- 
ment to make it' this act had never passe(l : Provided fur- 
ther, That nothing in this act contained shall be consti•ucd 
to ilihibit•the Governtncnt of the United States froni divid- 
inqr said 'l'crritory into two or Inore •rerritories, in such 
manner and at. such tirne..s as Congress shal{ deem conveni- 
ent and proper, or from attaching any porüon thereof to 
any other I'erritory or State : Jlnd prouidcd .furthcr, 'l"hat 
when admitted as a State, the said or any por- 
tion of the stune, shall be received into the Union with or 
without siavery, as their constitution may prescribc at the 
time of their adlnission. 
Mr. PUGH. 1 hope the Senator from Mis- 
souri will not require all that long proposition to 
be read. -we understand it sufficiently. It is to 
create n territorial government for Pike 's Peak. 
I should be willing to vote for it separately, in 
human probabiiity; but I do not see any rea- 
son why we should add an entirely new subject 
to this bill. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 wish it read. 
Mr. PUGH. I move to dispense with its fur- 
ther reading. 
Mi.•. GREEN. 1 ask for its reading. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. 
rl'he 
It must be read 
of the amendment is called for. 
consent. 
The Secretary continued the reading of the 
amendment: 
SEC. 2. .nnd be it further enacted, That the executive 
power and authority in and over said Territory of 
son shall be vested in a Governor, who shall hold his offce 
for four years, and until his successor shall be appointed 
and qualified, unless sooner reruoved by the President of the 
United States. The Governor shall reside within said Ter- 
ritory, ' shall be commander-in-chief of the militia thereof, 
shall perform the duties and receive the emoluments of 
superintendent of Indian affairs, and shall approve ail laws 
pnsgcd by the Legislative Assembly before they shall take 
effect; hémay grant pardons tör offenses against the laws 
of said Territory, and reprieves for offenses against the 
laws of the United States, until the decision of tbc Presi- 
dent can be made known thereon ; he shali commission alt 
offcers who shall be appointed to office under the laws of 
said territory, and shall take care that the laws be ihith- 
fully exccutcd. 
SEC. 3. und bc it further enacted, That there shall be a 
secretary of said Territory, who shall reside therein, nnd 
hold his office ftn• four years, unless sooner removed by the 
President of the United States ; he shall record and preserve 
all the laws and proceedings of the Lcgislative Asselllbly 
hereinafter constituted, and all the acts and proceedings of 
thc Governor, in his executive department; he shall trans- 
Init one copy of the laws, and one copy of the executive 
proceedings, on or before the 1st-day of December in cach 
year, to the President of the United States, and, at the same 
tilne, two copies of' the laws to the Speaker of the Housc 
of Representatives and the Presidcnt of the Senate, for the 
use of Congress. And in case of the death, removal, or 
resignation, or other necessary absence oti the Governor 
from the 'l'erritory, tire secretary shall have, and he is 
hereby authorized and required to execute and perCorm, all 
the powers and duties of the Governor during such vacancy 
or necessary absencc, or until another Governor shall be 
duly appointed to fill such vacancy. 
SEC. 4. .ånd bc it further enacted, That the legislative 
power and authority of said 'l'erritory shall be vested in tlnc 
Governor and Legislativc Assembly. The Legislative As- 
scrnbly shall consist ofa Cotmcil and Ilousc or Represent- 
'I'lne Council shall consist of nine members, which 
atlveg. 
may be increased to thirteen, having the qnalifications Of 
voters as hereinafter prescri bed, whose term of service shall 
'I'ho House of Reprcscntativcs shall 
continuc two years. 
consist, of thiriccn Incnibcrs, which may be increased to 
twenty-six, poss•cssinu the saine qualifications as prescribed 
for rnenibers of the Council, and whose tenn of service 
one. year. An apportiotnne,l'tsllakl bc Inadc, 
shall continue, 
as nearly equal as practicable, a.nong the several counties 
or districts tbc election of thc Council and House of 
Representatives, giving to each section of the 'i'erritory 
in the rat,io of its population, (Indiarrs ex 
cepted,) as nearly as Inay be; and the men)bers ot• tl'le 
Council and of the House of Representatives shall reside 
in, and be inhabitants of, the districts for which they Ilia y 
Previous to the first election, the 
be elected, respectively. 
Governor shall cause acensus or cn utneration of the inhab- 
itants of the several counties and districts of the 'I'erritory 
to be taken ; and the first election shall bc hck(l at such tune 
and places, and be conducted in such rnanncr, as the Gov- 
ernor sball appoint and direct; and he shall, at the same 
tirne, Ihe number of the meqnbers of the Councit 
and flouse of Representatives to which each of the counties 
or districts shall be entitled under this act. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Let the sec- 
retary suspend the reading for a moment. 
not intend to throw any obstacles in the way of the 
amendment, for I intend to vote for it; but I do 
not think it is worth while to consume time by 
reading it now; and I move that the Senate adjourn. 
The motion was not agreed to. 
The Secretary continued the reading of the 
amendment: 
The nunlbe,r of persons authorized to be clcctcd having 
the highest nun) bor of votes in each of said council districts 
Ibr liltnnbcrs of the council shall be declared by the Gov- 
ernor to be duly elected to the council; and the person or 
persons authorized to be elected having the grcatcst nulli- 
ber of votes the Ilouse of Representatives, equal to the 
nurnber to which each county or district shall be entitled, 
shall be declared by the Governor to be elected inetnbers of 
the I-louse of' Representatives: Prouided, That in case of a 
tie between two or Inore persons voted for, the Govcrnor 
shall order a new election to supply thc vacancy made by 
such tie. And the persons thus elcetcd to the Legislative 
Assmnbly shall tneet at such place and on such day as the 
Governor shall appoint; but thereafter, the tune, p}acc, and 
Inanner of holding uud conducting all elections by Lhc peo- 
ple, and the apportioning the representation in the soven•ai 
counties or districts to the Council and Ilouse of Represent- 
atives, according to the populgtion, shall be prescribed by 
law, as well as the day of the cornenenecmcnt of thc reu- 
ular sessions of the Legislative Asscn)biy : Provided, That 
no one session shall exceed the term of forty days, except 
the first, which Inay be extended to sixty days, but no 
longer. 
Mr. WADE. I move that the further reading 
be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The further 
reading may be dispensed with by unanimous 
consent. 
Mr. POLK. 1 object. 
The PRESIDING'OÆ(XFICER. Objection being 
made, the reading will proceed. 
The Secretary continued, and concluded the 
reading Öf the arnendment, as follows: 
SEC. 5. and be it further cnact.cd, Thut every frec white 
mate citizen of the United States above thc age -of twenty- 
one years, who shali have been a resident of said 'l'erritory 
at the time of the passa•e of this act, includin« those 
recognized as citizens by the treaty with the Republie of 
Mexico, concluded February 2, 1848, and the treaty ne- 
gotiated with the same country on the 30th day of De- 
cember, 1853. shall be entitled to vote at-the first election, 
and Shaik be' eligible to any office within the said 'Ilerri- 
tory; but the qualifications of voters and of holding offce 
at all subsequent elections shall be, such as shall bc pre- 
scribed by the Legislative Assembly. 
SEC. 6. dad be it further enacted, That the legislative 
power of the Territory shall extend to all rigbtfttl subjects 
of legislation consistent with tbc Constitution of the United 
States and the provisions of this act ; but no law shall be 
passed interfering with the primary disposal of the soil ; 
no tax shali be irnposed upon' the property of the United 
States; nor shad the lands or other property of non-resi- 
dents be taxed higher than the lands or other property of 
residents; nor shall any law be passed impairing the rights 
of private property; nor shall any discrimination be made 
in taxing different kind* of property; but all taxation shall 
be in proportion to the, value o:' the property taxed. 
SEC. 7. ,Hnd be it furthcr enacted, That all township, 
district, and county officers, not herein otherwise provided 
for, shall.be appointcd or clected, as the case may be, in 
such rnanner as shall be provided by the Governor and 
Legislative Asselnbly or Lhc 'I'erritory. The Governor shall 
Legislative Council, appoint all officers not herein other- 
wise provided for; and, in the. first instance, the Governor 
alone may appoint all said officers, who sha}l hold their 
offices until the end bf tbc first session of the Legislative 
Assembiy, and shall lay off the necessary districts för mem- 
bers of the Council and House of Representatives, and ail 
other officers. 
SEC. 8. and be it further enacted, That no member of 
the Legislative Assembly Shail hold or be appointed to any 
office which shall have becn created, or the salary or ennol- 
uments of which shall have been increased, while he was 
a member, during the term for which he was elected, and 
for one year after the expiration of sucll terrn ; and no per- 
son holding a comnjission or appointrncnt under the United 
States, except postmasters, shall be a mernber of the Legis- 
lative Assembly, or shall hold any otficc under the govern- 
ment of said Territory. 
SEC. 9. ,nnd be it further enacted, That the judicial pov,ycr 
of said 'I'ert•itory shall bc vested in a suprekne court, district 
courts, probate courts, and in justices of the peacc. 'Dhe 
s•ttprmnc court shall consist of a chief justice and two asso- 
ciate justices. any two of wh011i shall constitute a quorurn, 
and who shall hold a term at the seat of government of said 
Territory annually, and they shall hold their oflices during 
'I'he said Territory shall bc di- 
the of four years. 
vided into three judicial di.qtriet.s, and a district court shall 
justices of 
be held in each ot• said districts by onc of the 
the supremo court, at such tirne and piace as may bc pre- 
scribed by law; and the said judges shall, after their ap- 
pointtncnts, respectively reside in the districts which shall 
bc ass@ned then). The jurisdiction of the several courts 
herein provided tör, both appellate and original, and that 
of' the probate courts and of' the justices of the peace, shall 
be as lünitcd by luv : Prouidcd, 'I'hat justices of the peace 
and probate courts shall not have jurisdiction of any Inat- 
ter in controversy when thc tiflc or boundaries of' larri Inay 
be in dispute, or where tbc debt or stun shall ex- 
ceed $100; and the said suprclne and distric.t courts, re- 
speetively, shall possess chancery as well as co:nmon law 
jurisdiction, and authority for redress of all wronøs corn- 
mitted against the Constitution or laws ofthe United Sjates, 
orofthe Territory, affecting persons or property. Each dis- 
trict court, or the judge ihercof, shall appoint its clerk, who 
shall also be the rcgister in chancery, and shall keep his 
otlicc at the place Where the court may be hcld. i•Vrits of 
error, bills of exeepuon, and appeals, shall be allowed in 
all cases from the final decisions of said district courts to 
the suprenic court, under sucll regulations as rnay be pre- 
scribed by law ; but in no case removed to thc supreiDe 
court shall 'trial hy jury be, allowed in said court. Thc su- 
preme court, or the justices thereof, shall appoint its own 
clerk; and every clerk shall hold his office at the pleasure, 
of the court for which he shall iliLVC been appointed. Writs 
(it' error and appeals frovn the final dccisim'ls of said supreme 
court shall be a}lowed ; and be taken to the Suprmne 
Court of the United States, in the sarne Inannor and under 
the satne regulations as f'rcnn tbc circuit cart.s of the Uni- 
tod States, where the value of the property, or the atnount 
in controversy, to he ascertained by t.hc oath afliri\KLtion 
of cithcr party, or other cornpetent witness. shall exceed 
$1,000; except only that, in 
all cases involving title to 
slaves, the said writs of error or appeals shall bc allowed 
and decided by the said suprmne court, without regard to 
the value of the Inatter, property, or title in controversy ; 
and except, also. t.hat a i•vrit, of error or appeal shall also be 
allowed to the Supreme Court of the I_hüted States from the 
decision of thc said supreme. court created by this act, or 
of any judgo thereof, or of' the district courts created by this 
act, or of anv judge thereof, upon any writ of habeas corpus 
involving tlic question of personal freed0111 ; and each of 
the said district courts shall have and exercise the same 
jurisdiction in all cases arising under the Const.itution and 
laws of the United States as is vested in the circuit and 
district courts of the United States; and the said supreme 
and district courts of the said Territory, and the respective 
judges thereof, shall and Inay grant writs of habeas corpus 
in all cases in which the smne are grantable by the judges 
of the United States in the District of ; and the 
first six days of every tenn of said courts, or $0 much thereof 
as shall be necessary, shall be appropriated to the trial of 
causcs arising under the said constitution and laws; and 
writs of error and appeals in ali such eases shall he made 
to the supreme court of said 'Territory the same as in other 
'Ilhe said clerk shall receive, in all such cases, the 
cases'. 
satne fees which the clerks of the district courts of Oregon 
'Territory now receive for sin-lilar services. 
SEC. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, 'Chat there shal} be 
appointed an attorney for said 'I*crritory, who shali con- 
tinue in office for four ycars, unless soon-or removed by the 
