1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE: 
475 
President, and who shall receive the same fees and salary 
as the attorney of the United States for the present Terri- 
tory of Oregon. There shall also be a marshal {Or the "Ter- 
ritory appointed, who shall hold his office for four years, 
unless sooner removed by the President, and who shall 
execute at} processes issuing from tbc said courts when 
exercising their jurisdiction as circuit and district courts of 
to the same regulations and penalties, and bc entitied to 
the same fees, as the marshai of the, district court of the 
United States 10r the present territory of Oregon, and shall, 
in addition, be paid $200 annually as a cmnpensation for 
extra services. 
SEC. 11. and bc it further enacted, That the Gövcrnor, 
secretary, chief justice and associate justices, attorney, 
and marshal, shall be nominated, and, by and with the ad- 
vice and consent of the Senate, appointed by the President 
of the United States. The Governor and secretary to be 
appointed as aforesaid shall, before they act as such, re- 
spectively Lake an oath or affirmation before the district 
judge, or some justice of the peace in the limits of said 
'i'crritory duly authorized to administer oaths and 
tions by the laws now in forcc therein, or before the. Chief 
Justice or sorne associate justice of the Supreme Court of 
the United States, to support the Constitution of the Uni- 
ted States and faithftdly to discharge the duties of their 
respective omces; which said oaths, when so taken, shall 
be eertified by the person by whom the same Shail have 
been taken ; and suchgettificates shall bc received and re- 
corded by the •ecretary arnong tho executive proceedings ; 
and the chief justice-and associate justices, and all other 
civil omcers in said Territory, betöre they act as such, shali 
take a like oath or affirmation before the said Governor or 
secretary, or some judge or justice of the peace of the 'I'er- 
ritory who may be duly commissioned and qualified, t.vhich 
said oath or affirmation shall be certified and transnxitted 
by the person taking the same to the secretary, to be by 
him recorded as aforesaid; and afterwards the like oath or 
affinnation shall be taken, certified, and recorded in such 
manner and form as Inay be prescribed by law. The Gov- 
ernor shall receive an annual salary of' $1,500 as Governor, 
and $1,000 as superintendent of Indian affairs; the chief 
justice and associate justices shall each receive an annual 
salary of $1,800; the secretary shall receive an annual 
salary of $1 ,800. The said salaries shall be paid quarter 
yearly at the 'l'reasury of thc United States. The menibers 
of' the Le.gislative Assclnbly shall be entitled to receive 
three dollars each per day during their attendance at the 
session thereof, and three dollars för every twenty miles' 
travel in going to and returning from the said sessions, 
estinlated according to the nearest usually traveled route. 
There shall be aprn•opriatod annually the sum of ,000, 
to be expended by the Governor, to defray the contiYigent 
expenses of the rrerritory. 
'Itherc shall also be twpropriL 
ated annually a stiflicicnt sum, to be expended by the sec- 
retary of the Territory, and upon an cstiinato to be Iliade 
by tho Secretary of the 'l'rcasury of the United States, to 
defray the ex-penses of tho Legislative Asscmb]y, the print- 
ing of the laws, and other incidental expenses; and thc 
secretary of the 'l'erritory shah annually account to the 
Secretary of' the Treasury of the United States [Or the 
ner in which the aföresajd sum shall have been expendöd. 
SEC. 12, .hnd be it further enactcd, That tho Legislative 
Assembly of the 'Cerritory o? JeflOrson shall hold its first 
session at such time and place in said 'i'erritory as the-Gov- 
ernor thereof' shall appoint and direct ; and at said first ses- 
Sion, or as soon thereafter as they shall deem expedient, 
the Governor and Legislative Assembly shall proceed to 
locate and establish the seat of government for said '_rerri- 
tory at such place as they may deem eligible : which place, 
hotvever, shall thereafter be subject to be changed by the 
said Governor and Legislative Assembly. 
Sec. 13. uqnd be i.tftvrthcr enacted, 'I'liata Delcgatc to the 
House of Representative.s of the United States, to serve 
during each Congress of tne United States, may be elected 
by the votcrs qualified to olcct members of the Legislative 
Assembly, who shall be entitled to the sarne rights and priv- 
ileces as are e.xcrcised and enjoyed by the Delegates froin 
the several other 'I'crritorics of thc United States 10 the said 
'l'he first election sliall be held 
House of Representatives. 
at such t.ilne and pkaces, and be conducted in such 'nanner, 
as the Governor shall appoint and direct ; and at all subse- 
quent elections, the tunes, places, and illauner of holding 
elections shall be prescribed by law. " 'l'he person havin" 
the' greatest number of votes shali be declared by the Gov- 
ernor t0'be duly elected, and a certificate thereof shall be 
given accordingly. 
SEC. 14. .Rnd he it further enacted, That when the land 
in said 'I'erritory Shail be surveyed, under the direction of 
the Government of the United States, preparatory to bring- 
ing tile same into market, sections nurnbere.d sixteen and 
thirty-six in each township in said 'I'crritory shall be, and 
the same is hereby, reserved lör the purpose of being ap- 
plied to schools in the States hcrcaftcr to be erected out of 
the same. 
SEC. 15. and be it further enacted, That temporarily, and 
until otherwise provided by law, the Governor of said 'I'er- 
ritory luay define the judieial districts of said 'Iterritory, 
and assign the judges who may be appointed iOr said 'rer- 
ritory to the several districts, and also appoint the titncs 
and places for holding courts in the scveraf counties or 
subdivisions in each of said judicial districts by procla:na- 
but the Legislative Assmnbly, at i 
tion to be issued by hiln ; 
their first or any subsequent session, may organize, alter, 
or Inodify such judicial districts, and assign the judges, 
and alter the times aud places of holding the courts, as to 
SEC. 16. and be it further enacted, That the Constitution 
and all laws. of' the United St.ates which are not locally jn- 
applicable *hall have the stune force and effect within the 
said 'I'erritory of Jefferson as elsewhere within the United 
States. 
SEC. 17. and bc it further enacted, That the President Of 
the -United States, by and with the advice aud consent o? 
the Senate, shall be, •and he is hereby, authorized to ap- 
011icc at such" place as the Secretary of the [ntcrior shall 
frozn Kilne to tune direct, and whosc duties, powers, obli- 
gations, compensation, and allowances for 
clerk hire, office rent, fuel. and incidental expenses, shall 
be the same as those of the surveyor general of New Mex- 
ico, under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, 
and such instructions as he may from time to time deem it 
advisable to give him. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise simply to say that I 
am ready to give a territorial government to the 
inhabitants of Pike's Peak whenever that propo- 
sition shall come up on its own merits. r thmk 
they are entitled to it. They have people enough 
to constitute a government; a much larger num- 
ber than most of the Territories häd when they 
were first organized; but I cannot vote to put it 
on this bill; and I think the Senator from Mis- 
souri is endangering the interests of the people of 
Pike 's Peak by trying to force it on a bill where he 
compels those who are most anxious to do jus- 
tice to those people to vote against it. He cer- 
tainly must rely on the friends of Kansas to pass 
a bill for Pike's Peak when it is to be passed. 
When he brings it up in its order, as a territorial 
measure, I have no doubt he can have it passed. 
Certainly I shall take great pleasure in giving it 
all the support I can; but I will not now encum- 
ber this bill with it. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 move that the Senate ad- 
journ, and ask for the yeas and nays on the mo- 
tion. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 hope the Senator from 
Kentucky will withdraw his motion for a minute. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 to say— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to 
adjourn is not debatable. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 hope the Senator will 
withdraw it for a moment. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 withdraw it. 
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to make a sugges- 
tion, only because -I think we had bctter adjourn. 
'l'o continue here to-day will only irritate each 
other; and I satisfied that if we adjourn now, 
and meet ön Monday, this bill will go through 
the Senate then without any trouble. I am assured 
of that from gentlemen on both sides. 
Mr. BIGLER. It can go through in the morn- 
ing hour on Monday. 
Mr. GREEN. I give assurance if it be made 
the special order for half past twelve o'clock, not 
one word shall be said,' and not an amendment 
bc proposed by me. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 felt sure of that; and 1 
was in hopes this bill would be got out of thc 
I think it 
troubles of the country at this time. 
would do a great deal of good to remove it out of 
tho way. I want it removed out. of the way; but 
in order to have it removed peacefully and cour- 
teously and properly, let us adjourn now; and 
we have assurance that it will be got through on 
Monday. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 renew the motion to ad- 
journ. 
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. motion 
to adjourn withdrawn ? 
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Iowa 
wishes to make a remark, very x,vell. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The is 
that the Senate adjourn. 
Mr. GRIMES. On that the yeas and nays 
have been called, I understand. if not, I ask for 
them. 
The ycas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 want to make a sug- 
gestion, by permission. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the motion 
to adjourn withdrawn? 
Mr. POWELL. 1 withdraw 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The suggestion 1 to 
make is in reply to what was said by the Senator 
He ao•rees not to movc any 
from Missouri. 
amendments on Monday; but he cannot agree for 
others, and will not unaertakc to do so. Others 
rnay renew this scenc. Now, if there were an 
understanding in the Senate that this bill shall 
pass to-day to its third reading, so as to take the 
vote on Monday simply on the final passage of 
the bill, without amendment, at a particular hour, 
I, for one, ',vould be willing to agree to it; but we 
cannot make that agreement, as i understand. if 
we can; if gentlemen will sufför this bill to be 
ii reported out of the Committee of the Whole to- 
day, take its third reading, and stand for thc vote 
on its passaoe simply, so that there can be no 
amendment offered, and an understanding that 
there will be no 
shall be wiliing •to' assent to it. 
Mr. GREEN. Such ah understandihg 
be had. 
Mr. WADE, and others. Well' then:ø EÖ;on. 
Mr. GREEN. I desire to state expréås-ljänd• 
explicitly, that I do noi intend' to offei• måth-él$ 
amendment to this bill—except one„if.omvélled 
to remain •to-night, -If you postpone it on 
ment, shall not move a single one, noi will I: 
open my mouth except to vote; but to påss• iuo 
its third reading is equivalent to its - passage. 
There is one amendment that:wili be proposed 
when the bill comes out of the Committeel of-the 
Whole into the Senate, and that is by the Senator 
from Indiana, [Mr. FITCH,] and that is the only 
one. No Senator shall be deceived by anything 
1 say. If we are going Oh now, and not going to 
a4journ, I have a four hours' speech' to make, all 
prepared. 
Several SENATORS on the Republican' Eide. GO 
ahead. wc shall be happy to hear 'it.' 
Mr. CLINGMAN. May 1 take of 
making a suggestion to Senators on both ? 
There IS but a single amendment to be votcd upon 
on Monday; and then, without discussion, we 
may @alq the final vote. Let that be understood, 
and it may relieve us from some inconvenience. 
I shall myself offer no amendment, and I propose 
to make no speech; but if there could be that 
understanding, perhaps it might serve our per- 
sonal convemence somewhat. 
Mr. FITCH. The amendment which 1 have 
offered, the Senator from Missouri has stated, will 
be renewed in the Senate. Such is the case, but 
there is no disposition on my part to debate it. 
If the Senate will adjourn until Monday morning, 
shall simply content myself with offering the 
amendment without two minutes' remark On the 
subject; and 1 am willing that the vote shad then 
be taken on that and on the bill. 
Mr. POWELL. I noiv renew my motion to 
adjourn. 
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays; 
and •they were ordered. 
Mr. MASON. I have paired off with the Sen- 
atorfrom Kentucky [Mr. CRITTENDEN) on every 
vote that is to bé given on tliis bill. 
The question being taken by yeas and mys, 
resulted—yeas 18, nays 30; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, 
Clingman, Fitch, Ilemphill, II unter, Johnson of Tennessee, 
Kennedy, Nichelson, *Polk, Powell, Saulsbury, Sebastian, 
'I'hmnson, and Wigihll—18. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Chandler, 
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolitt.le, Douglas, Durkec, Fes- 
sendcn, Foot, Fostcr, Grimes, Gwin, Hale, I-larlan, King, 
Latham, Morrill, Pugh, Rice, Seward, Siannons, Sumner, 
Ten Eyck, 'I'rumbuil, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—30. 
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis- 
sourl. 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, it is proper that 
I should explain the åmendment a: little; and' I 
will do so as briefly as thécircumstances will well 
admit. T.he residue of my remarks will- be of a 
morc general character, and how far they may 
extend I cannot at present foresee. Every Sen- 
ator who looks at the constitution of Kansas will 
see that it cuts off one third of the territory lying 
beyond the twenty-fifth meridian from Washing- 
ton, and leavcs it without a government. 
pose in this amendment to organize that territory; 
and while it is true that I include a portion of 
other territory— 
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator from Mis- 
souri listen to me for a moment? I am one of 
those people who think we had better look at 
everything practically. I want to come to results; 
speeches will do no good; and I have made up 
rny mind that the Senator from Missouri is going 
Let us hear 
to make a very long speech. 
him." ] No, I do not want to hear him. He is a 
very eloquent gentleman, and sometimes I should 
be very proud and, of course, very much edified 
to hear him; but when he makes up his mind 
make a speech only to consume time, and thereby 
prevents me from going home not only to-attend 
to dinner, but to othei• duties, I do not Wtint to 
listen; and then the probability is that my friend, 
the Senator from Maryland over there; [Mr. 
KENNEDY,] will make a spcech, and my friend 
from Kentucky, [Mr. POWELL,] find the silent 
member from •Texas [Mr.. WIGFALL] may also 
