476 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 19, 
make a. speech. [Laughter.] I do not want to 
listen to all of them; and I think we had better 
take the word of these gentlemen that they wilk 
let us pass this bill on Monday without any 
debate and without offering amendments. 
Mr. BIGLER. We can take it up on Monday 
at half past twelve o'clock. 
Mr. CA*MERON. They only propose, then, 
to oflör a single amendment, and to have no de- 
bate. I think it is wiser we should go away to- 
day. I was very much instructed yesterday by 
what I learned in the. Senate, and to-day I want 
to digest what I heard yesterday about the Ad- 
ministration; and if we are kept here I am afraid 
I shall lose the thread of the story. I believe it 
is a great deal better for us and for the country 
that we should adjourn now, and let this matter 
be dcéided on Monday. I therefore move again 
that we adiourn. 
The PRESfDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Missouri is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. CAMERON. He given way. 
Mr. GREEN. I did not give way, except to 
heår what the Senator had to say. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'The Senator 
from Missouri is entitled to the floor, if it is not 
talccn from him by his permission fora motion to 
adjourn. 
Mr. HALE. I ask the permission of the Sen- 
ator from Missouri, and i should like unanimous 
consent, to offer a resolution of inquiry, directed 
to the Secretary of the Navy, relative to a matter 
that is now before Congress. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires 
unanimous consent. 
Mr. DOUGLAS, Mr. GREEN, and others, 
objected. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution 
cannot be received. 
Mr. GREEN. No motion to adjourn has yet 
merely wish 
been macle in order. 
make one explanation; and then, if the Senate 
consents to adjourn, I shall agree that. none of my 
amendments shall be renewed in the Senate, cither 
by myself or anybody else. The Senator from 
Indiana has stated that his proposition will be 
offered, and we shall come to a direct vote; but I 
do not waht to vote to-night, because you see the 
condition in which the Senate is placed. Fair- I 
ness cannot be done by voting now, and the vote 
cannot be taken until I have mti(lc my long speech. 
Would it not be better for us, therefore, at once 
to come to a common understanding? If we can- 
not, let us proceed. As I remarked before, this 
bill cuts off portion of the Territory west, and 
leaves it. wit.l')out government; and the necessity 
for this amendment exists, to all intents and pur- 
poses 
Mr. CAMERON. my friend from Mis- 
souri allow rne to interru pt him again ? 
IMI'. GREEN. I will hear what the Senator 
has to say. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 dcsirc to vote on this 
I am very well satisfied that if wc do not 
the Senator ('ron') Missouri will talk— 
Inalx-e a speech—and eloquent and able it will be; 
bul he may die under the excitementofit. [Laugh: 
ter.] I want to preserve his services to the coun- 
try; aud for his sake I hope we shall now adjourn, 
With the understanding that ncither he nor any 
of his friends will make any speeches in the Sen- 
ato on Monday. 
Mr. GREEN. Agreed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to 
adjourn cannot be mado without the consent of 
the' Senator from Missouri, unless he gives way 
for that motion. 
GREEN. 1 will give way if the Senator 
will make the motion to adjourn, with the posi- 
five understanding of what I have said. 
Mr. BRAGG and others. That is enough. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un- 
stands the Senat.or from Pennsylvania to move 
that the Senate adjourn. 
Mr. C A iM E RON. move that sve adjourn. 
Mr. M,7ADE. Mr. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'The motion to 
adjourn is not debatable. 
•Mr. WADE, 1 know it; but 1 demand the 
I want to see whether one man 
yeas and nays. 
is to control the Senate or not. 
rl'he yeas and nays were ordered; -and being 
rest] Ited—yeas 21, nays 28; as follows: 
take n , 
Cameron, Clingman, Fitch, Green, Gwin, Henyhill, Hun- 
ter, Johnson Of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, 
Nic110fson, Polk, Powell, Saulsbury, Sebastian, and Wig- 
fall—Qi. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Chandler, 
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkee, Fes- 
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Ilale, llarlan, King, Latham, 
Pugh, Rice, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trum•• 
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28. 
So the Senate refused to adjourn. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 will proceed to explain the 
amendment which was read at the Clerk's desk. 
As I before remarked, a portion of the territory 
west of the proposed boundary of the State of 
Kansas was included in the Territory of Kansas. 
Being now cut off, it leaves it without any law, 
and without any organization. There is, there- 
fore, a manifest necessity for putting on this 
amendment, oro•anizing that Territory, and giv- 
ing them law and order. Gold has been discov- 
erod there; population has been rushing in; im- 
provements are being made; and I am informed, 
on reliable authority, that more than sixty thou- 
sand people are now livinrr in that region. 1 wish 
to give them government; and the friends of Kan- 
sas may know this: it docs not delay the admis- 
In that proposition, I 
Sion of the State at all. 
I have no anti-slavery clause 
have no " 
or pro-slavcry clause. I have drawn it with scru- 
puious care, for the purpose of avoiding all con- 
trovers on a subject like that. 
Mr. %IGLER. Will the Senator from Mi'- 
souri allow me a moment? If I understand the. 
Senator rightlv, he commences his speech now 
under a threai that he will not stop for four 
hours. 
Mr. GREEN. No, sir. 
Mr. CAMERON. How long are you going 
to speak ? 
Mr. GREEN. When 1 make pledges, 1 al- 
I said had a four hours' 
ways fulfill them. 
speech within mc; but how much shall deliver 
depends on circumsgtar)ces. 
Mr. CLARK. 1 hope the Senator from Mis- 
souri wili allow me to n'lake a remark to the gen- 
tlcrncn around him; and that is, that I hope no- 
body will interrupt him. I had good time. two 
or three ycars ago in .n)akinga speech all night, 
and I was illterrupted by others several tikilcs, 
i hope they will 
and it annoyed Ine deal. 
allow him to go on without interruption. I think 
he will get on much better in that way. 
Mr. FITCH. 1 think Senator from New 
Hampshire is under a misapprehension. No- 
body interrupted him on the occasion to which 
lie refers. Hc interru pted h iinself to take a sand- 
Wich and a cup of tea. [Laughtcr.] 
Mr. CLARK. I was interrupted some way; 
I do not know how. I hope the Senator from 
Missouri will bc allowed to go on. 
Mr. GREEN. not to take 
a cup of tea, as he did. 
Mr. CLARK. Perhaps you will want it more 
than (lid. [Laughter.] 
Mr. BAKER made a remark in an undertone. 
Mr. GREEN. I arn not so hungry as to desire 
or need the aid of a baker. [Laughter.] 
Mr. President, I was talking in good faith, not 
for delay; for while I have offered a number of 
amendments hero, I have offered overv single one 
of them because I believed it was rightl, and I have 
not opened mouth to constune titne. 
not occupied the floor for the purpose of delay; 
and the only single delay which I caused by dc- 
sign was when [ called for the reading of the last 
amendment which I proposed, and I did t.hat in 
order to crivc time friends to come in and have 
a fhir vote. To press a vote to-night, in the ab- 
sence of so nrany Senators, is not fäir. 
It. is true, 
you may say they had an opportunity to be here; 
but 1 told you ycktet•day they would not be here. 
I it; and hoped, therefore, you would let 
the subject go over to Monday, and we could 
have a vote then without any cavil, excuse, or 
delay. It is pressed on us to-night. Every effort 
to pass necessary amendment.s proves abortive. 
Every effort to get time fhr Senators to come in, 
in order to vote, täils. Underthese circumstances, 
I must speak to this amendment. 
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator give way to 
me? I have never known any good from a night 
session in the Senate. Although I am in favor of 
the passage of this bill, and desire it should be 
passed before the adjournment, I see that nothing 
YEAS—Mcssrs. Bayard, Beujarnin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, creditable to ourselves can come from a longer 
persistence now. I move, therefore, that the Sen- 
ate adjohrn. 
The PRESIDING OFFCER. Does Sen- 
ator from Missouri Oive way ? 
Mr. GREEN. give way for that motion. 
Mr. PUGH. 1 will up bili myself 
have past twelve o'clock on Monday. 
CHIRIQUI IMPROVEMENT COMPANY. 
Mr. HALE. I want to throw myself on the 
indulgence of the Senate once more, to pass a 
resolåtion of inquiry before we adjourn. 
'l'he PRESIDING OFFICER.' The resolu- 
tion can be received only by unanimous consent. 
The Chair hears no objection. The resolution 
will be read. 
The Secretary tead it, as follows: 
Resolvcd, 'I'hat. the Secretary of' the Navy be instructed 
to inforrn the Senate whether fie has accepted, either with 
or without condition, any dratts, or orders, or requests, to 
pay rnoney to the Chiriqui Iznprovenncilt Cotnpany and 
Ambrose W. Thcnnpson, or either ot• ; and if so, the 
dates and mnounts of such acceptances. 
T hc resolution was considered, by unanimous 
consent, and agreed to. 
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Senate do now 
adjourn. 
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask for the yeas and nays 
Oh, no!" ] I withdraw the 
on that motion. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
SATURDAY, January 19, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. 
ThcJournal of yesterday was read and approved. 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, by unanimous 
consent, presented memorials, numerously signed 
by citizens of Baltimore, in favor of the adopti01') 
of what is known as the border State resolutions; 
which were laid on the table. 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, asked and 
obtained unanimous consent to present t.o tbc 
E.louse the proceedings and action of a very large 
irrespective of party, held in the tow n 
of Lexington, North Carolina, upon the present 
alarmino crisis. The series of resolutions pusse:d 
at that Ineeting, with the and hope of' lead- 
incr to a settlement of our national trou!ples, were 
based upon the Crittenden propositions of adjust- 
ment, with some slight modifications, and h;? be- 
lieved they reflected the sentiments of nine tenths 
of the people of North Carolina, who patri- 
otic, Union-loving men, but who desired a fil')al 
settlement of the issues now agitatino• 
He invoked members to read, and give a 
mind . 
respectful consideration to said resolutions, with 
the hope that the voice of North Carolina rnight 
be, in smne degree, instrumental in efli•cting an 
adjustment of our diffcalties. 
he resolutions were referred to the select com- 
mittec of five. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 have in my hand 
memorials rnunerously signed by citizens of Phil- 
adelphia, asking Con:rress to pass the Crittenden 
I am daily in the receipt of rnen10„ 
propositions. 
rials signed by thousands ot• the citizens of Phil- 
adclphia arid the people of my State; and desire 
this fact to go out to tl'1C country to shot,v that the 
people of Philadelphia arc in favor of settling this 
difficulty 1.1 pon a proper basis. 
I desire to say further, that I intend on Monday 
to offer a proposition in the nature of an amend- 
ment to the propositions coming frorn the com- 
mittee of thirty-three. And inasmuch as all the 
propositions corning from that committee have 
been printed, with the conserlt of tl'le House will 
present my propositi01'l now and have it printed. 
I also take occasion to say, tl'lat on last Monday 
I submitted a motion to suspend the rules for the 
I purpose of giving the House an opportunity of 
considering the Crittenden propositions, which 
I suppose, cmne up on Monday 
motion will, 
next. I ask if there be 012iection to having the 
propositions I have mentioned printed. 
I Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, yes; 1 
object. 
I shall try to 
I Mr. FLORENCE. very well. 
get them in next Monday, and I hope all the 
members will be here to vote upon them. 
Mr. BARRET. 1 have been furnished with the 
procecdings of a meeting held in the city of St 
