1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Louis, on the 12th instant, and I beg leave.to pre- 
sent them to the House. The meeting was called, 
irrespective of party, to take into consideration 
the unförtunate condition of the country. It was 
comppsed of the very best men of the city, and 
the series of resolutions passed are able, eminently 
conservative, and in every way worthy of such 
a people. They heartily approve of the princi- 
ples of adjustment proposed by Mr. CRITTENDEN. 
That the other positions taken by this meetinff 
mav•be better understood, I will read the follow- 
ing extracts from the resolutions: 
That the possession ofslave property is a constitutional 
right, and, as such, ought to be ever recognized by the Fed- 
era! Government. That, if thc Federal Government shall 
fail and refuse to secure this right, the southern States 
should be fOund united in its defense—in which ovcnt Mis- 
souri wili share the connnon dudes and connnon danger of 
the Sonth. 
'Phat t.i1C discord prevailing for forty years between the 
people of thé northern and southern States, touching the 
;-clitlion of the Federal Government to slavcry, affords suf- 
fieient reason for all sections ot•tbc Union to require a clear 
and final settlement of ali matters in dispute, by amend- 
rncnts to the ConstitUtion, so that the Slavery question may 
never a•yain disturb the public peace or itnpair the national 
harmony. 
'I'hat, holding these views, we are not prepared to aban- 
don the Union, with ali its blessings, while any hope ofad- 
justment remains. Until then, we will maintain our place 
in the Union, and contend iör.and demand our equal and 
constitutional rights, and wilt not be content with less. 
'l'hat, in the opinion of' this mccting, the employnent 
of tho Inilitary forces thc Government to cnförce sub- 
from-the citizens of the seceding States, will in- 
evitably plungc the country in civil war, and will innni- 
neatly endanger, if it do not entirely extinguish, all hopes 
of a settiunent of tl;e fearful issues now pending beföre the 
country. wc thereföre earnestly entreat: as well the Fed- 
cral Governinent as the seceding States, to withhold und 
stay the ann of military pourer, and on no pretext what- 
ever to bring m; the nation the horrors 0k' civil war, until 
the pcopke themselves gan take such action as our troubles 
dennand." 
The proceedings were laid on the table. 
Mr. CLEMENS, by unanimous consent, pre- 
sented the proceedings of a meeting of the citi- 
zens of Fairmont, Virginia, in favor of settlina• 
the present difficulties of the country upon the 
basis of the Crittenden propositions; which were 
laid on the table. 
Mr. HOLMAN asked the unanimous consent 
of the House to introduce resolutions adopted by 
conventions of the people in various counties of 
Indiana, held without distinction of party, in 
favor of the propositions submitted to the Senate 
by Senator CRITTENDEN, of Kentucky. 
The resolutions were received by general con- 
sent, and laid on the table. 
PENNSYLVANIA JUDICIAL. DISTRICTS. 
Mr. BABBITT offered the following 
tion : 
Resolved, That the Con•nnitte.e of the Whole be dis- 
charged from the further consideration or bill No. 33, enti- 
tied " A bill to divide the State of Pennsylvania into three 
judicial districts, and to establish a district court to be 
and that the same be made 
holdou in the city of Erie 
the special order Thursday next, and froin day to day 
thereafter until finally disposed of. 
Mr. BABBITT. I desire simply to say, that 
this is a bill of merely local importance, in which 
my constituents are interested. It will occupy 
but a few moments when it comes up. if there be 
no opposition to it. I hope the resolution will be 
adopted. 
The resolution was received by unanimous 
consent, and adoptéd. 
NATHANIEL SMITII. 
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 ask leave of the House 
to take from the Private Calendar bill NO. 275, 
for the relief of the children of Lieutenant Na- 
thaniel Smith, deceased. 
I will state to the House that the report of the 
committee upon tbatclaim was unanimous. Lieu- 
tenant Smith was an old soldier of the war of 
1812—14. He was in the battle of the Horse Shoe; 
*and was borne from the field by General Hous- 
ton, of Texas. He received a pension from the 
Government, which ran for several years. He 
subsequently removed to Texas, and his pension 
•vvas discontinued. The proof is abundant that 
he died in Texas of his wounds. His children 
now claim the amount of his pension from the 
amount; and I hope there will be no objection to 
taking up and passing t I-re bil\, 
' l'he Clerk read th6 bill in ecten,so. It directs 
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name of 
lieutenant in the battle of the Horse Sh,oe, upon 
the pension roll, at the rate of $12 75 per month, 
to commence on the 4th of lvlarch, 1822, and to 
terminate on the 14th of July, 1834, the•amount 
to be paid to the surviving* children of said Lieu- 
tenant Nathaniel Smith. 
The bill was ordered to be enm•ossed, and repd 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
in«yly read the third time, and passed. 
fivlr. HAMILTON moved to reconsider the 
vote by which the bill was passed; and also 
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon 
the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I ask the 
unanimous consent of the House for leave to take 
up and act on a bill for the relief of a poor widow. 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 object; and call for the 
regular order of business. 
-The SPEAKER.. The business before the 
House is the consideration of the amendments of 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union to House bill No. 899, making appropria- 
tions for the support of the Army for the year 
ending June 30, 1862. If there be no objection, 
the question will be taken on the amendments en 
masse. 
There was no objection, and the amendments 
were concurred in. 
Mr. THOMAS demanded the yeas and nays 
on the passage of the bill. 
The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
The bill, as amefided, was then ordered to be 
engrossed, and read a third time; and being en- 
cn•ossed, it was accordingly read the third time, 
and passed. 
Mr. SI-IERMAN moved to reconsider the votc 
by which the bili was passed; and also moved 
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
INDIAN HOSTILITIES. 
Mr. BURCH. I rnovc that the rules be sus- 
pended, and the House resolve itself into the 
Committee of thc Whole on the state of the Union 
on the special order. 
The motion was agreed to. 
The House accordingly resolved itself into the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, 
(Mr. MILI.soN in the chair.) 
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the 
committee is I-louse bill No. 299, for payment of 
expenses incurred in the suppression of indian 
hostilities by the State of California. 
I ask tl'lat the original bill be 
I'v•lr. BURCH. 
read which I introduced; also, that the Clerk read 
the substitute reported frorn the Committee on 
Military Affairs, and the report which accompa- 
nies it. 
The Clerk read the original bill, the substitute, 
and the rcpot•t of the Committee on Military 
fairs in extenso. 
Mr. BURCH. Mr. Chairman, there is a dis- 
crepancy between the substitute and the original 
bill, as introduced by rnyseif. My bill appropri- 
ated for the payment of expenses in- 
currcd by the State of Caiifbrnia in the suppres- 
Sion of Indian hostilities. My State paid out of 
her treasury thirt.y to fifty dollars a month for the 
men she engaged In her service it') the suppression 
of those hostilities. The Committee on Mili- 
tary Affairs reduced that arnount of $500,000 to 
$400,000. Instead of allowing the amount paid 
by thc State of California to the soldiers in her 
service, they only allowed the amount paid by 
the Goverrnnelll to United States soldiers engaged 
ut the same time in similar services. The com- 
mittee camc to the conclusion that would 
cover all of these expenses. Believing that it is 
the best I can get for my State in payment of the 
expenses she incurred in the suppression of these 
Indian hostilities, am willing to accept the sub- 
stitute of the Committee on Military Affairs. Of 
course I would the adoption of my own 
bill. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Will the substitute , 
be open to amendment after the question is taken 
on it? 
It is now in 
The CHAIRMAN. It will not. 
order to move amendments to the original bilå or 
Mr. McCLERNANJ).: move 
substitute the following PtoviSö: 
P*0Dided, That the acceptance of the'ind&rmity hereby 
provided shall operate as a filial and 
satisfaction of all •claims or matters he-teinbefqre fefcn•édtOr 
Mr. BURCH. I do not see the for 
that amendment. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 
I want it to be a finality. Members I-knowg how 
often claims have beeh continued, even aftet&'they 
have been paid once_or twice. If-this is all-ih"at 
is due to Calfornia, -let us say so in thé bill. 
Mr. BURCH. I do not object to the emend- 
ment. 
The question was taken; and the amendment 
was agreed to. 
IVIr. STANTON. This of consider- 
able importance, so far as the amount involved is 
coBcerned; and coming as it does from the Com- 
mittee on Mili.tary Affairs, perhaps I. ought to 
say a word in relation to it. 
It is a claim re- 
imbursement to tlie State of California, foo ex- 
penses incurred in the suppression Of. Indianl)os- 
tililies at sundry times during the years '1854, 
1855, and 1856; it is a claim founded upon aprin- 
ciple so often recognized and settled, -that- the 
committee did not feel at.liberty to rejcciiL,hOw- 
ever much the amount might be. Similar claims 
for suppressing Indian hostilities have- been paid 
to Iowa, Missouri, and other States. This claim 
has this guarantee of its integrity and -honesty 
which good many other similar claims have not. 
The State of California, sir, has paid•out of its 
State treasury more than the amount that is pro- 
posed to be appropriated in the substituun 
may be assumed that the State of California would 
not take upon lierselfthe payment of unnecessary 
expenses, or expenses that were unnecessarily 
incurred. 
But, sir, the Committee on Military 'Affairs 
have not rested on the idea that the expenses 
incurred by California are to fix the amount for 
which this Government is responsible. That 
committee two years ago investigated the claim 
of Washington and Oregon for payment of ex- 
penses incurred in suppressing Indian depreda- 
. tions, and on that occasion they settled upon some 
general principles, which they have-. adhered to 
from that time to this. These principles are 
mainly these: that this Government Shall pay no 
more upon claims for expenses incurred in the 
suppression of Indian hostilities than it paid for 
the regular service of the Army of the United 
States—that is, that volunteers shan receive no 
hiaber pay—that transportation and supplies 
should be paid for at no higher prices, than are 
paid to the regular Army of the United States, in 
service at the same time, in the same locå}ity. 
The Third Auditor of the Trcasury, a gentleman 
whose integrity and industry have become known 
to the House for his services in auditing claims 
of this description, is authorized by this bill to 
overhaul these claims of the State of Califoh)ia, 
to investigate the evidence of service and of trans- 
portation and supplies furnished, to:. satisfy 
himsclfi before any payment is -made* thut they 
arc reasonable in amount, and that the servicesand 
supplics have been fairly and honestly rendéred. 
The committee have provided in this bill what 
has not been provided In any other, •and that is, 
that the Third Auditor shall not bc required to 
audit and pay any claim for the suppression of 
Indian hostilities, which, in the opinion of the 
Secretary of War, was not necessarily and prop- 
erly incurved. The committee have acted upon 
the idea Ihat the executive department is the only 
proper department of the Government to determ- 
rnc when the necessity arrives for hostilities to 
suppress Indian depredations, and that Congress 
is incompetent, from its very constitution, to in- 
quire into the facts connected with the necessity 
It is properly an execu- 
for any such hostilities. 
tive duty devolving upon the Department havino• 
in charge the Army of the United States. There- 
fore the committee have provided that if, in the 
opinion of the Secretary of War, any of these 
expeditions were unnecessary, that there was-no 
exigency requiringhe service of any volunteers 
for the protection of the settlers, then the , Third 
Auditor shall reject the •claim for ekpenses 
curred in such expeditions... see no-reason why 
this bill reported from the Committee on Mill- 
tary Affairs, as it is foundcd upon well recog- 
nized principles, should not be passed. The Scn- 
Lieutenant Nathaniel Smith, late of r Ilenncssoe, II to the substitute. 
