THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. O. 
TMIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
patent; but suggests, in his letter accompanying 
the bili and this report, that Congress shall give 
relief. Mr. Johnston has been living on the land 
ever si_nce it was entered, being over thirty-one 
years, and still lives 011 it. 
it provides that the entry 
'I"he bill was read. 
madc by Gåbriel J. Johnston, ofJofferson county, 
Missouri, on the Qd of Novernbcr, 1829, of the 
northeast quarter of section No. II, in towns,lip 
forty-one north , of range foureast, iii the district of 
lands subject to sale at St. Louis, Missouri, be 
confirmed and declared valid, notwithstanding the 
tract of land was at the time of entry reserved 
from sale as mineral lands. And the Commis- 
sioner of the General Land Offce is authorized 
and required to issue to Johnston a patent for the 
tract, as in ordinary cases of the entry of public 
lands subject to sale at private entry. It is pro- 
vided that the act shall not be construed to inter- 
fere with any existing rights of third persons, 
but shall only operate as a i•elinquishment of the 
title of the United Etates. 
There being no objection, the Committee of the 
Whole was discharged from the further consid- 
eration of the bill, and it was brought before the 
House for consideration. 
'I'he bill was ordered to be elvrossed, and rcad 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
inol read the third lime, and passed. 
NOELL moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay 
the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
THOMAS BOODLE. 
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent 
of the House to discharge the Cornmittee of the 
Whole House on the Private Calendar from the 
furthcr considerati01') of House bill No. 654, 
granting a pensiori to Thomas Boodle. 
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of 
the Interior to piacc the name of Thomas Boodle 
on the invalid pensioti roll of the United States, 
at the rate of four dollars per month from Scp- 
tember 2, 1858, and 10 continuo during his natural 
life. r.L'he report states that he is sixty-nine years 
of age, and a resident of the county of Chau- 
tauque, State of New York; that he enlisted in 
the United States service as a private, June 12, 
1812, in a company commanded by Asa Morgan, 
in the war with Great Britain; that while in the 
line of his duty he received a wound a short dis- 
tancc above the ankle bone by a musket ball from 
the enemy, while actuully eno•agcd in the battle 
of NIVilliamsburg, in Lower Canada. Thc ball 
partially fractured the i)one and lodged in his leg, 
r lthe veins of his 
but was afterwards extracted. 
leg have become varicose, and the ten(lons so 
contracted that he cannot straigh ten his leg, which 
causes him to halt in his gait. After 
the wound he remained in the Army, though un- 
able to perform field duty. He was cmptoyed 
mostly in the recruitinm service, and was honor- 
ably discharged. He failed to receive the sur- 
geon 's certificate for a pension, w ben hc left the 
Army, from the, Surgeon 's neglect of duty, or other 
cause unknown. Very few of the wounded who 
it was supposed might recover received such cer- 
tificates. The petitioner has been one half dis- 
abled ever since he received the wound. 
There being no objection, the bill was brought 
before the E•löuse consideration. 
The bill was ordered to be ericyrosscd, and read 
b third time; and beincr enørossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote 
bv which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
la-y the motion to reconsider on the table, 
Thc latter motion was agreed to. 
PETER NAVARRE. 
TUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1861. 
of Lucas county, Ohio, on the pension rolls of 
the United States, at the ratc of ei&ht dollars per 
month, from January 1, 1861, to continue during 
his natural life. 
The report states that the petitioner is a grand- 
of Robert De Navarre, intendant and sub- 
d Slimué of Detroit, in the present State of Michi- 
gan,during thereign of Louis X V. The petitioner 
volunteered to serve under General Hull, on the 
northwestern frontier, in the capacity ofa scout. 
At the time of Hull's surrender, at Detroit, he 
was among the prisoners, and was sel'lt. home on 
parole. Afterwards he broke his parole and ten- 
dered his services to General Winchester; served 
him at Riyer Raisin ; gave him early information 
of the approach of the British army; and took 
part in both actions of Colonel Lewis on the 18th 
I January, 1812, and the engagement of the next 
day, which resulted in the deföat of the Ameri- 
cans. At the time of the surrender of Major Mad- 
ison, finding himself in a position where his life 
was forfeited by a violation of his parole, he 
escaped from the British and Indians, incurring 
great hardship for many days in mid-wintcr, in 
traveling through the wilderness returning to his 
home. When General Harrison came into thc 
Northwest with his army, he sent for the peti- 
tioner, and encraoed with him to serve as a scout, 
for the sum of onc dollar per day, until the close 
of the war. The petitioner was frequently sent 
by General Harrison, while in this service, with 
messages from onc point to another; on one oc- 
casion goil'10 on foot to Urbana, in southern Ohio, 
through the urilderness, with a message to Gov- 
ernor Meies; and again, on the day preceding the 
battle of Lake Erie, carrying a message from 
General Harrison, at Fort Seneca, to Commodore 
Perry, at Put-in bay; he was present and aided 
in tbc defensc of Fort Stephenson, under Colonel 
Croghan, and accompanied the army on its marc.l'i 
in pursuit of Proctor, and took part in the battle 
of the 'I'lltuncs. He is now poor and old, (being 
in his severity-scvcnth year,) and, in consequence 
of disabilities occasionöd by long exposure while 
in tile, arduous and exposed service, is 
and has been for a nurnbcr of years unable to 
procure a livelihood for himself und family. 
There being no objection, tho bill was brought 
beforc tho House for consideration. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read 
a third time; and being cncrossed, was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. ASI-ILEY moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
{a v the motion to reconsider on the table. 
•rl'he latter ption was •agreed to. 
.JANE W. M'KF,E. 
Mr. SIMMS. I ask the unanimous consent of 
the House to discharge the Comrnittec of the Whole 
Housc on the Private Calendar from the further 
consideration of House bill No, 740, granting 
an increase of pe nsi0D to Janc W. McKee, widow 
of Colonel William R. McKee, of the second 
regiment of Kentucky volunteers. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 call for the regular order 
of business. 
Mr. SIMMS. 1 just want to say that 1 have 
objected to nothing which any gentleman has 
, dcsircd to bring up; and I think it is hardly fair 
to begin the objections upon this bill. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 will not object. 
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of 
I the Interior to place tho name of Jane MT. McKee, 
widow of Colonel MI illiarn R. McKee, late of the 
second regimcl'lt of Kentuctcy volunteers, on the 
NEW SERIES..•...NO.; 31. 
unteers, at the battle of Buena Vista, paid Of 
the history of the Republic. At the -la*t CÖnÉrcSs 
an act was passed granting a pension to-the.peti• 
tioner of thirty per month, to' support-her 
and six infant childi•en. She now applies to hd€e 
this pension increased ; and, in view of tbc gailåni 
services of her husband and the sacrifice of- his 
life, and the dependence of his fåmily, for his coun- 
try 's good, the committee are of the opinion that 
her prayer should be granted. 
There being no objection, the bill was brought 
before the House for consideration. 
The bill was ordered to be engrosseg, and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. SIMMS moved to vote by 
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay 
the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to, 
CRISIS MEETING IN NORTH CAROLINA. 
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, 1 ask leave of 
the House to present the proceedings ofa public 
meeting, irrespective of party, held in Warren 
count.y, North Carolina, m regard to the present 
condition of public affairs. 
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the 
paper will be received. 
There was no objection; and the paper was laid 
upon the table. 
Mr. BARR. The gentleman from North Car- 
olina hag not stated the result of the meeting-. i 
should like to know what it is. 
Mr. BRANCH. I should be very glad to have 
the proceedings read for the ihformation of the 
House. They express sound doctrines, which 
Ilia ( have a good effect upon tl'le House. 
SPEAKER. The proceedings 
laid upon the table, and any gentleman who dc- 
sires it can know what they are. 
DANIEL B. VONDERSMITII. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 ask the unanimous 
sent of the House that the Committee' of the 
Whole House on the Private Calendar bc dis- 
charged from thc further consideration Of House 
bill No. 356, for the relief of thc credit.ors of Dan- 
iel B. Vondersmith, in order that it may be put on 
its passage. 
There was no objection; and it was ordered 
accordingly. 
"l"hc bill, which was read , provides that the claim 
of the United States, as assignee of the judgment 
of John F. Shroder against Daniel B. Vonder- 
smith , in the court of common pleas of Lancaster, 
Pennsylvania, shall be postponed in favor of-the 
other judgment creditors of Vondersmith, so far 
as regards the proceeds of sale of his -real estate 
under execution, amoun ting to $6,000, or there- 
abouts, and now in court for distribution. 
Mr. FLORENCE That bill was reported from 
the Committee on the Judiciary, and I ask that 
the report be read. It was made by my colleague, 
and fully explains this case. Vondersmith has 
been arrested, tried, and convicted of the charge 
brought against him, and he is now imprisoned, 
scrvin«r out his sentence. This bill only suspends 
the judgment referred to, in order that his cred- 
itors rnav have what is due to them. It does not 
take onc dollar out of the Treasury. 
! Tho Clerk read tho report. 
It states that on 
the 7th of February, 1854, Daniel B. Vondcrsmith 
was arrested at Lancaster, Pennsylvania, upon a 
charge of forging pension papers, with intent to 
defra-ud the. United States. He gave bail before 
Hon. I-Icnry G. Long, president judge of- the 
State court at Lancaster, in the sum• of $2,000 for 
pension roll of the United States, at tl'ie rate of his appearance at the next term of the district 
I fifty dollars per month, in lieu of' the pension she 
now receives. 
I Mr. KUNKEL. 1 object; and call the reg- 
Mr. ASHLEY. ask the unanimous consent ular order•of business. 
Of the •I louse to discharge the Committee of the Mr. SIMMS. i ask that the report may, at 
. least., be read. 
Whole Housc on the Private Calendar from the 
Mr. KUNKEL. very well. 
furtherconsidcration of House bill No. 926, grant- 
The report was road. It states that the gallant 
ino• an invalid pension to Peter Navarre. 
The bili was read. It directs the Secretary of services and sacrifices of Colonel William R. 
the Interior to place the name of Peter Navarre, II McKee, of the second regiment, Kentucky vol- 
31 
court of the United States for the eastern district 
of Pennsylvania, to answer the charges to be,there 
prcnet•red against him. district attorney of 
the I_Tnitod States deeming the bail inadequage; 
had him rearrested February 10, 1854, vheni he 
cave bail in a similar manner in the sum 
of #5,000. In both the 
amounting to john F. Shroderbecame the 
security. Vondersmith fled -before the session of 
the court, and on the first day of the term, Feb- 
