482 
ruary 21, 1854, the recognizance of Shroder was 
declarred to bc forfeited. At the time that Shroder 
he obtained from Vonder.smit,h a 
became bail, 
confession of judgment in the sum of -$7,000, 
to indemnify him against any loss by reason of 
his suretyship. This judgment was cntered in 
the offce of the prothonotary of the court of com- 
mon pleas of Lancaster on February 27, 1854, 
and subsequently Shroder assigned this judgment 
to the United States. Vondersmith returned in 
the year 1857, was again arrested and put into 
prison in default of bail. While there his wife 
died, leaving four childfcn ; and some friends were 
induced to enter bail for him in the sum of $15,000 
for his appearance at court to take his trial, which 
recognizance was fulfilled without delay or for- 
feiture.- His means appeared to have been ex- 
hausted, and to prepare the necessary means-of 
defense, as well as to provide support for his fam- 
ily, he gave judgments to several other creditors, 
amounting, altogether, to $7,165, which were 
entered, in like manner as Shroder's judgment, 
at the respective dates mentioned in the prolhon- 
Otary 's certificate. Vondersmith 's trial took place 
at Philadelphia, in April, 1859, when he '.vas ac- 
quittedupon fourindictments, wasconvicted upon 
two, and on May 7, 1859, hc was sentenced to 
undergo an imprisonment in the penitentiary for 
twenty years; which sentence he is now under- 
going. The only property owned by him at the 
time of the conviction seems to have been certain 
real estate in Lancaster, which was levied upon 
and sold under an execution issued upon one of 
the iudcrments, and the proceeds, amounting to 
$6,101, %ave been paid into and are now in court 
for distribution according to law. No proceed- 
ings were taken against Shroder, and he has not 
paid anything by reason of his suretyship. 
The bill was ordered to be engrosscd, and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingl read the third tirne, and passed 
MYr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved 
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
RUFUS L. HARVY. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. ask the unani- 
mous consent of the House that the Committee of 
the Whole House on the Private Calendar bc dis- 
charged from the further consideration of House 
bill No. 858, granting a pension to Rufus L. 
Harvy, in order that it may be taken up and put 
on its passacye. 
There was no objection, and it was- ordered 
accordingly. 
The biff, which l,vas read, provides that the name 
of Rufus L. Harvy be placed upon the pension 
roll at the rate of eight dollars a month, to com- 
mence from the 1st of January, 1860, and to con- 
tinue during his life. 
'I'he bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read 
a third time; and beino• etcrrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the tl)ivd time, and passed. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM moved to 
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also 
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon 
the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
JOHN JOHNSON. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 ask the unani- 
mous consent of the House to discharge the Com- 
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen- 
(ler from House bill No. 263, for the relief of John 
Johnson; and that the same be recommitted to the 
Committee on Indian Affairs. 
There was no objection, and it was so ordered. 
SALLIE C. NORTIIUP. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 19, 
WILLIAM COWING. 
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the previous ques- 
tion. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that 
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
OLYMPIA LAND OFFICD. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee 
on Public Lands, reported a bill to provide for 
bringing up the arrearages of work in the land 
offce at Olympia, MT ashington Territory; which 
was read a first and second time by its title. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the bill 
be put on its passage. It is reported unanimously 
from the Conlmittee on Public Lands, and it is 
recommended by the Land Offcc. 
The bill was ordered to be enffrossed,and read I 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read t.he third time, and passed. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to rc.consider 
the vote by which the bill was passed, and also 
Mr. TAPPAN. I move that the Committee 
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar 
be discharged få'01h the further considerat.ion of 
House bill No. 623, for the relief of •yVilliam 
Cowing, and that it be put on its passage. 
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary 
of the T reasut•y to pay William Cowing $126, in 
full for additional allowance as clerk, under the 
provisions of the second section of an act making 
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex- 
penses of the Government, approved August 31, 
1852. 
The bill was ordered to be engrosséd, and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill '•.,vas passed; and also moved that 
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
Tl'he latter motion was agreed to. 
CASE OF WILLIAMSON AND SICKLES. 
Mr. GURLEY. Yesterday a resolution was 
referred to the Committee on Printing, for the 
printing of the evidence in the case of Williamson 
cs. Sickles. The document is already printed* 
and in the document-room. 
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon I 
Mr. VANDEVER moved that the House ad- 
the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
SAMPSON STANFILL. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 ask the unanimous con- 
xen t of the House that the Committee of the Whole 
Housé on the Private Calendar be discharged 
from the consideration of House bill No. 724, for 
the relief of Sampson Stanfill, and that it be now 
put on its passæPe. 
There was no objection, and it was ordered 
accordingly. 
The bill, which was read in extenso, providcs 
that Sampson Stanfill shall be released and dis- 
charged from all claim and demand of the United 
States to the balance of money now remaining due 
upon a certain judgrnent recovered against him in 
favor of th&United States before the circuit court 
of the United States of Tenncssec, holden at Knox- 
Ville, which was recovered on a rccomoizance en- 
tered into by him as surety for Lewis G. Stanfill. 
It appears, from the report, that Lex.vis J. Stan- 
fill, at the term of the United Stmes circuit court 
holden at Knoxville, Tennessee, in November, 
1858, was charged with having passed counterfeit 
coin, purporting to be a Mexican silver dollar, 
and upon this charge an indictment was found 
against him. Stanfiil and his father, Sampson 
Stanfill, entered into a recognizance in the penal 
sum of $2,000, conditioned for the appearance of 
Lewis J. Stanfill, to appear before the court to 
Mr. LOVEJOY , from the Committee on Public 
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Sallie C. 
Northup; which was read a first and second time 
by its title. 
Mr. BURNETT, Is that a bill for the reissue 
of land warrants? 
Ma•. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This bill 
is reported from the Committee on Public Lands 
unanimously. It confirms the title in certain land 
v;arrants to Sallie C. Northup. She carne into the 
possession ot• them by the death of her brother, 
who was formerly' a citizen of Mobile, Alabama. I 
It is a case like that passed at the last session in 
favor of Robert Johnson, of Philadelphia. 
answer the complaint, and not to depart the court 
without leave. Stanfill did appear to answer the 
indictment, and the same was called for trial. 
The court', upon examination of the law, decided 
that the offense was not within it* jurisdiction, 
but no formal judgment of discharge was ren- 
dared. 'l'he respondent left the court, and subse- 
quently a default was obtained upon the recog- 
nizance, and a judgment subsequently rendered in 
favor of the United States against Sampson Stanfill, 
the father of the original respondent, for the sum 
of $2,000 and costs. Upon this judgment, Samp- 
son Stanfill has paid to the United States $1,000 
and costs, leaving the balance of the judgment 
unpaid. 
The bill was ordered to be cnm•ossed, and read 
third tune; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved that 
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The latter motion was agrecd to. 
Mr. FENTON. I move that by unanimous 
consent this be made an objection day in the 
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calen- 
dar. 
Mr. THOMAS. 1 object. 
JACOB WEAD. 
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Commiitee Claims, 
reported a bill for tl'ie relief of the adrninistrators 
of Jacob W cad; which was read a first and sec- 
ond time by its title, referred to a Committee of 
the Whole on the Private Calendar, and, with the 
accompanying report, Ordered to be printed. 
journ. 
Mr. LONGNECKER demanded tellers. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. BARR and 
MCKNIGHT x,vere appointed. 
Thc House divided; and the tellers reported— 
aycs 30, noes 32. 
Mr. VANDEVER withdrew his motion to 
adjourn. 
STEPIIEN DUNNELL. 
Mr. COLFAX.- I ask the unanimous consent 
of the House 10 discharge the Committee of the 
Whole Housc on the Private Calendar from the 
further consideration of House bill No. 390, for 
the relief of Stephen Bunnekl, and to put it on its 
passage. The bill only failed last session for want 
of time. 
The bill, which was read, provides that the name 
of Stephen Bunncll, of Indiana, a sergeant of the 
war of 1812, be placed upon the list of pensioners 
of the United States, for and during his natural 
life, at the rate of fifteen dollars per month, com- 
mencing from 18th January, 1858. 
appears from the report that Mr. Bunnell, 
who served as quartermaster's serceant in the 
artillery corps of the United States Army for five 
years, from March, 1812, to March, 1817, testifies, 
under oath, that he entered the Armv in robust 
health; that his physical powers were broken 
down by arduous service and exposure in his 
specially hazardous line of duty; and that now, 
in his old age, with his constitution broken down, 
being unable, from his failure to claim a discharge, 
when sick, and, from the death of his captain avid 
comrades since, to furnish the evidence required 
at the Pension 13ureau, he applies to Congress for 
its recognition. He was the first who landed at 
the taking of Fort George, shared in the capture 
of Queenstown Heights, participated in the bat- 
tle of Stony Creek, lying on the wet ground at 
nights with the rest of the army, on their march 
thither, which caused him such sickness as to 
confine him for many months in the hospital at 
Yourpstown. Althoumh this sickness has im- 
i paired his system ever since, he recovered suffi- 
ciently to again join the Army, and to man the 
gun under his charge at the battle of Chippewa. 
At Lundy's Lane, his captain being slain and 
his lieutenant wounded, he took command, under 
direction of General Scott, of the last gun left to 
his company, and kept it in operation till he had 
but one man left; and his ammunition was ex- 
hausted, when he succeeded in getting the gun 
from tho field of bat.lle. At Fort Erie, hc was 
honored with a command above his rank, namely, 
of a battery in a specially exposed condition, in 
front of the gate of the fort ; and by its discharges, 
after the fort had been taken by the enemy, blew 
it up, discomfiting the whole British detachrnent. 
He x.vas wounded in the wrist at Chippewa, and 
at Fort Shelby was badly injured in the sltou)der 
by a fall occasioned by rotten timber in a bridge; 
but had ncvcr claimed a pension on account of 
those injuries, not deeming at the time that, 
would ever need it. 
The bill was ordered to bc engrossed, and read 
