1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
spirits in all those States, whose sense of justice, 
and whose brave efforts to uphold the right, have 
been not the less appreciated, nor will be the less 
remembered, because unsuccessful. 
We have not been wantitv in timely warning 
to our associates of the unhappy tendency of their 
policy. It was in the unhallowed pursuit, as we 
thought, of sectional aggrandizement, and the in- 
dulgence of unregulated sentiments of moral duty, 
that the equilibri um of power between the sections 
which had been maintained until then, was ruth- 
lessly and unwisely destroyed by the legislation 
Of 1850. The injustice and danger of those prp- 
cecdings was considered by a large portion of the 
South to be so flagrant, that •vve resorted to an 
unusual formality in bringing our views and 
apprehensions to the attention of the country. 
Upon our official responsibility, a number of the 
Senators, thosc of Florida among them, giving 
expression to the opinions of thcir constituents, 
presented a written protest against the wrong to 
which our section was subjected, and a fraternal 
warning against the dangerous tendency of the 
policy which incited to that wrong. That pro- 
test was refused a place in the Journals of this 
body, contrary, as we thought, to the express 
duty enjoined by the Constitution; but it went 
before the public, and I think it proper to recall 
the attention of this body to its contents, in the 
hour when the apprehensions it expressed are 
fatally realized. * 
Let me be pardoned, Mr. President, for detain- 
ing the Senatc with a further remark. The cir- 
cumstance that the State of Floridn was formed 
upon territory acquired by the United States, and 
the paucity of her numbers, has bccn occasion- 
ally remarked upon. Owing to causes she could 
not contrdl, her settlement has becn, until rc- 
* Thc follow,'ing is the protest referred to in Mr. YULEE's 
ren!arks, and which was presented in the Senatc by Mr. 
HUNTER on the 14th of August, 1850. with a Cor 
leave to have it spread upon the Journal of the Scnate: 
We, the undersigned Senators, deeply impressed the I 
ilnportance ot• the occasion. and t,vith a solc:nn sense of the 
responsibility under which we are acting. respectiidly sub. 
mit the föllowinu protest against the Caliiör- 
nia as a State into this Union, and request that it Inay be 
entered upon the Journ*l of the Senate. WV c fuel that it is 
not enough to have resisted in debatc alone a bill so fraught 
with rniscl)ief to the Union and the States which we rep. 
resent, with all the resources of argument which we pos- 
sessed, but that it is also due to ourselves, thc people whose 
interests have becn intrusted to our care, and to posterity, 
which, oven in its mostdistantgeucratioas, Inay its con- 
sequences, to leave, in whatcvcriörm Inay be most. solen-mll 
and enduring, a Inen)orial of thc which we have 
made to this iheasure, and of thc reasons by wlüch we l:avc 
been govertled. Upon the pazrs ot•a Journal which t,tre Con- 
kept. so long as the Senatc rnay have 
st.itution requires to be 
an existence, we desire to p!ace the reasons upon which 
we. are willing to be judacd by generations livin(-r and yet 
to cmne, tar our opposition to a bill whosc conseqitcncos 
may be so durable and Ijortentous as to make it an object 
of decp interest t') all who ma.y coine after us. 
WV e have dissented t•rom this bill bccausc it gives the 
sanction of and thus itnparts validity to thc unauthor- 
ized action of a portion of the inhabitants of CalifOrnia: hy 
which an odious discrimination is madc against the prop- 
cvty of the fifteen slaveholding States ot• the Union, who 
are thus deprived or that position of equality which the 
Constitution so manifestly designs, and which constitutes 
the only sure and stable iOundation upon which this Union 
can repose. 
Because. the right of the slaveholding States to a com- 
mon and cqual enjoyment of tbc territory of tuc Union 
lias been delOated by a system of Ineast_trcs which, without 
the authority of precedent, of' law, or of the Constitution, 
gress must sanc.tion and adopt, should this bill become a 
Ia•.v. In sanctioning this system of measures, this Gov- 
ernment will admit that the inhabitants of its 'i'erritories, 
whether permanent or transient, and svhether lawfully or 
unlawfully occupying thc sannc, tna&rm a State without 
the previous authority ot• law; without even the partial 
security of a territorial organization törmed by Congress ; 
without any legat census or other sufficient evidence of 
their possessing the urnber of citizens necessary to author- 
ize the representation which they may claim ; and without 
anv of those salOguatds about the ballot-box which can 
only be provided by law, and whieh are necessary to ascer- 
tain the true sense of a people. It will admit, too, that 
Congress, having refused to providc a government except 
upon the condition of excluding slavery by law, the exec- 
utive branch of this Governuxe.nt may. at its own discretion, 
invite such inhabitants to meet in convention under such 
rules as it or its agents may prescribe, and to Form a con- 
stitution affecting not only their own tights, but those also 
of fifteen States of the Confederacy, by including territory 
with the purpose. of excluding those States from its enjoy- 
Incnt, and "Athout. regard to t.fie natural fitness of boundary, 
or any of the considerations which should properly detenn- 
ine the liniits of a State. It will also that the con- 
vcntion thus called into existence by the Executive nmy 
be paid by him out of the funds of the United States with- 
cently, comparatively slow. But her population 
exceeds that of sevcn of the sixteen States that 
composed the Union when the census of 1790 was 
taken under the new Constitution; and six of L.he 
thirteen original States had fewer numbers when 
they formed the Constitution. Rights of sover- 
eignty and liberty depend not upon numbers. 
It is quite truc that her limits comprehend a 
part of the territory to which the title was ac- 
quired by the United States from Spain. But it 
is also true that a part of the considerationtfpr the 
cession was a reservation to the inhabitä'6ts of 
the right to admission into the Federal Union 
upon terms of equality; and it was in view of this 
right that most of the inhabitants remained there. 
If their number has been increased by subsequcnt 
immicrration , it was mostly of citizens from Others 
of the United States, who wcrc lineal inheritors 
of the glories and fruits of the American Revo- 
lution. 
In pursuance of this stipulation, and of the cs- 
tablished policy of the country, they ••.vet•e admit- 
ted into the Union; and, ip thc act of admission, 
Florida was expressly recognized and " deckared 
to be a STATE," and " admit-ted into the Union on 
an EQUAL footincy with the original States IN ALL 
RESPECTS WHATEVER." 
In the exercise of her equal Eight in the Union, 
and moved by a comrnon sympathy with the peo- 
pie of the section of which her territory forms the 
cxtrerne southern part, and with w)) osc fate her 
destiny is indissolubly bound, Florida has resolved 
to withdraw from the present Union. I-ler course 
derives sanction from the imbortant fact that she 
is preceded in it by the chivalrous State which 
by a spirited act in 1765, became, by acknowl- 
edgment of a l\'lassachuset.ts historian, 
" THE, 
And her resolution is 
FOUNDER OF THE UN10N.' 
to make that convention dependent upon it ; and last, but 
not Icast, in the series of Ineasures which this Govermnent 
must adopt and sanction in passing this bill, is the release 
0k' the authority of the United Stares by the Executivc alone 
to a gover:uneut thus fönned, and not presenting eV6n 
iicient evidence. of' its having the assent of a Inajority of tbc 
people whom it was designed. W7ith a vigwof all these 
considerations, the undersigned arc constrained to bclicve 
that thisGovernment could never bc brought to adtnit a State 
presenting itself under suC11 circumstances, iC It were not 
the purpose of excluding the people of tbc slaveholding 
States fro:n all opportunity: of settling will) their property 
in that 'I'erritory. 
Because, to vote för a bill passed under such circum- 
stances, would be to agree to a principle. xvhiclk excl 
Iörcvcr hereafter, as it docs now, the States which we rep- 
regent, from ail enjoyincnt of' the conuno;) territory of thc 
a principle whiel) destroys the equal rights of their 
Union— 
the eqnality of t.heir States in the Confed- 
constituents, 
oracy, the equal dignity of' t.hose 'vll(nn they represent as 
Inen and as citizens in tbc c.ye of the law, and their equal 
tille to the protection of the Government and the Consti- 
tution. 
Because the adlnission of California as a State into the 
Union without any previous reservation assented to by her 
of' the puhl±c (lcnnain, 11! ight involve an actual surrcilder 
of that dotnain to, 01' at all events places it.s fu Lure disposal 
at the rncrcy of, that State, as no reservation in the bill can 
be binding upon her until she assents to it, and as hcr dis- 
hereafter" would in no Inannel' am:ct or impair the 
scnt 
act of her admission. 
Because all the propositions have been rcjeeted which 
have been made to obtain cither a recognition of the right 
of the slaveholding States to a eon-unoil enjoyment of all 
the. territory of' the Unitcd States, or to a fair division or that 
territory between the slaveholding and non-slavcboldinø 
States of the Union ; every e-trort having failed which has 
been made to obtain a fair division of tho territory proposed 
to be brought in as the State of California. 
But lastly, 'vvc• dissent from this bill, and solemnly protest 
aaainst its passatre, because, in sanctiouina measures so 
contrary to fOnncr precedent, to obviouæ policy, to the spirit 
and intent of the Constitution of the United States, for the 
purpose of excluding the slaveholding States froni the ter- 
ritory thus to be erected into a State, this Government in 
effect declares that the, exclusion of s!avery from tbe terri- 
tory of the United States is an object so high and i:nportant 
as to justify a disregard, not only of all tbc principles of 
sound policy, but also of the Constitution itself. Against 
this conclusion •vve Inust now and lörever protest, as it is 
destructive of the safety au(t liberties of those whose rights 
have been counnit.ted to our eare, fatal to the peace and 
equality of the States which we represent, and Inust lead, 
if persisted in, to the dissolution of that Confederacy 
which the slaveholding Statcs have never sought more. than 
equality, and in which they not be content to remain 
with less. 
out the sanction of Congress, in violation not only of' the i 
J. M. MASON, 
Virginia. 
R. M. T. HUNTER, 
A. P. BU'PIÆR, 
South Caro?iBa. 
R. B. BARNWELL, 
H. L. TURNEY, Tennesce. 
SOULÉ, LoÆana. 
JEFF 'N DAVIS, Mississi.ppi. 
DAVID R. ATCHISON, Missouri. 
JACKSON MORTON, Florida. 
D. L. YULEE, 
plain provisions of the Constitution, but of those principles 
of obvious propriety which would forbid any act calculated SENATE CU AUBER, vQu.øust 13, 1850. 
rendered more fixed bv thc devnet'op.feutßinæhei 
movement began, of general kib lthe 
public mind of the majority 
thc Constitution , und to pi•inciplexofcohéfrGøtipn; 
which must convert this•GövprnnimtJinIteÄn_ 
firnitcd despotism. She sees 
Others the great issue of the right-Of 
the States to sovereignty and selfegbvernmeiht 
within their respective territorial •boundå!ies; .ari.d 
in such an issue she is prepared to devote :theAives 
and fortunes of all her people. 
Although the present means of Florida" ate 
knowledged to be limited, yet_, having once as: 
surned the rank of a State, she assiiined •with 
rights its duties also, and its responsibilities to 
her people and their posterity. *'Zl'hese she must 
fulfill, according to her best judgment, with all the 
morc jealousy of control because weak, but with• 
none the less claim on that, account to the respect 
of all true men. 
Acknowledginz, Mr. President, with. gratefål 
emotions, my obligations for the 
have enjoyed in my intercoursewith the gentlem?en 
of this body, and with most cordial-good -W..isbes 
for their welfare, I retire from theii• midst 
in willing loyalty to the mandate of my State, ond 
with a PELORY. Concurring, as I do, with V 
all that my colleague has said, I ask but a: brief 
mcnnent to add a word or two further. 
In retiring from this body, I cannot but feel, 
and I will not forbear the expression of, profound 
recrret that existirv causes imperatively impel us 
' •eparation. When reason and jüstice shall 
to (h is 
have tisserted ascendency over party and passion, 
they will bc justly appreciated; and this-southern 
movement, demanded by considerations dear to 
freemen in every age, will stand proudly vindi- 
cated. 
Throughout her long and patient endurancé Of 
insult and wrong, the South has clung to the Union 
with unfaltering fidelity; a fidelity which, while- 
nourishing irritation in 1 he hearts of her own sons, 
has but served to nerve the arms of her adversaries. 
Florida camc into the Union fifteen years ago, 
upon an equality with the original States, and 
their rjghts in t'h-c Confederacy arc cqually her 
righte She could not, if she would, separate hcr 
action from her southern sisters; and* demanded 
as her action is, by those considerations which 
a free people can never ignore, she would notif 
she could. From the Union, governed by the 
Constitution as our fathers made it, there breathes 
not a secessionist upon her soil; but a deep sense 
of injustice, inequality, and insecurity, produced 
by the causes to which have adverted, is brought 
home to the reason and patriotism of her people; 
and to secure and maintain those rights which 
the Constitution ho longer accords them, they 
have placed the State of Florida out of the Con- 
fed eracy. 
In thus turning from the Union -to the vailed 
and unknown future, we are neither iønorant not 
reckless of the lions in our path. We know that 
the prompt and peaceful organization of a piac- 
tical republican government, securing liberty, 
equality, and justice to every citizen, is one of 
the most difficult, as it is one of the most mo- 
mentous duties devolving upon men; and nowhere 
perhaps upon the earth, beyond our own country, 
could this great work bc achieved. But so well 
are human rights and national liberty understood 
by our people; so deeply are they imbued with 
the spirit of freedom and of govern- 
, that were this Republic utterly brOken and 
destroyed, like the shattered vase of the poet, to 
whose very fragments the scent of the roses still 
clung, its very ruins breathing the true spirit of 
civil and religious liberty, would plead for and 
demand a wise "and noble reconstruction, 
I Whatever may be the immediate results, there- 
I fore, of the momentous crisis now upon us, I have 
no fears for the freedom of my countrymen. Nor 
do I admit for a moment that the great American. 
ex periment of govern ment has proved or canproye- 
a failure; butl maintain, on the contrary, that pass-. 
ing events should inspire in the hearts 
triotand statesman, not only hope, but ?önfidenpe-. 
Five States have alrcady dissolved •their gonnec• 
tion with thc Union; and throughout the #everal 
stages by which- their people, in their".sövereign 
capacity, have reached secession have ex- 
hibited a calmness and d'dibéhatiöh -"which find 
no parallel in the history •of mankind. This is 
