486 
ao•ainst our laws, who fled to the North with our forms of the Constitution? Must we consent to 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January A, 
entirely of -our admirable system of 
independent State governments. And, sir, were 
this Federal District, with Presidents, Congress, 
Departments, and courts, and all the machinery 
of Federal Government, suddenly sunk a thousand 
fathoms deep, under the admirable working of 
theseState governments the rights and liberties of 
their people would receive no shock or detriment. 
In thus sevcrincr our connection with sister 
States, ••.ve desire to go in peace, to maintain to- 
wards them an attitude not only of peace, but, if 
possible, of kindness; and it is for them to determ- 
Ine whether we shall do so or not; and whether 
Commerce, the great pacificator of earth, is to 
connect us as producers, manufacturcrs, and con- 
sumers, in future friendly relations. 
If folty, 
wickedness, or iride, shall preclude the hope of 
peace, they may at once rear up diffculties in our 
path, leading at once to what I confess I regard 
and dread as one of the greatest calamitics that 
can befall a nation—civil war; a civil war embrac- 
ing equally North and South. But, sir, bo our 
diffculties what they may, stand forth a uni- 
ted people to grapple with and to conquer them. 
Our willingness to shed our blood in this cause is 
the-highest proof we can offer of the sincerity of 
our connections; 'and I warn, nay, I implore you, 
not to repeat the fatal folly of the Bourbons, and 
mistakc a nation for a faction; for the people of 
ihe South, as one man, declare that, sink or swim, 
live or die,- they will not, as fi•ccmen, submit to 
the degradation of a constrained existence under 
a violated Constitution. But, sir, we desire to 
part from you in peace. From the establishment 
of the Anglo-Saxons upon this continent to this 
hour, they have never, as colonies or States, shed 
the blood of each other; and I trust we shall be 
spared this great calamity. We seek not to war 
upon,- or to conquer you; and we know that you 
Imbrue your hands in our 
cannot conquer us. 
blood, and thc rains of a century l•.vill not wash 
from them the• stain, while. coming generations 
will weep for your wickedness and folly. 
In thus leavmg the Senate, and returnmg to my 
own State, to pursue with unfaltering head and 
heart that path, be it gloomy brigllt, to which 
her honor and interest may lead, I cannot forbear 
thc acknowledgment of the kindness and courtesy 
which I huvc ever received from many of the 
gentlemen of the Opposition; Senators to whom 
I am indebted for much that 1 shall cherish 
through life with pleasure, and toward whom I 
entertain none but sentiments of kindness and re- 
spect. And 1 trust, sirs, that when we next con- 
front each other, whether at this bar or that of 
the just God, who knows the hearts of all, our 
lips shall not have uttered a word, our hands 
shall not have committed an act, directed against 
the blood of our people. 
On this side of the Chamber, we leave, with 
profound regret, those whom we 'evill cherish in 
our hearts, and whose names will be hallowed 
by our children. One by one, we have seen the 
representatives of the truc and fearless friends of 
the Constitution fall at our side, until hardly a 
forlorn hope remains; and whatever may be our 
destiny, tbc future, with all of life's darker Inem- 
orics, will be brightened by the recollection of 
their devotion to the true principles of our Gov- 
ernment, and of that wealth of head and heart in 
their intercourse with us which has endeared them 
to us and to ours forever. 
Mr. CLAY. rise to announce, in behalf of 
my colleague and myself, that thc people of Ala- 
bama, assembled in convention ut their capitol on 
the 11th of this month, havc adopted an ordinance 
whereby they withdraw from the Union, formed 
under a compact styled the Constitu tion of the Uni- 
ted States, resume the powers delegated to it, and 
assume their separate station as a sovereign and 
independent people. This is the act, not of faction 
or of party, but of the people. True, there is a 
respectable minority of that convention who op- 
posed this act, not because they desired to pre- 
serve the Union, bub because they wished to se- 
cure the coöperation of all, or o? a majority, of 
the southern or.of the planting States. r here are 
many coöperationists, but I think not one union- 
ist in the convention; all are in favor of withdraw- 
ifig from the Union. I therefore warranted in 
tion of sudden, spasmodic, and violent passion. 
It is the conclusion they have reached after years 
of bitter experience of enmity, injustice, and in- 
jury, at the hands of their northern breth ren ; after 
long and painful reflection; after anxious debate I 
and solemn deliberation ; and after argument, per- 
suasion, and entreaty have failed to secure them 
Instead of causin«y 
their constitutional rights. 
surprise and incurring censure, it is rather matter 
of amazement, if not reproach, that they have 
endured so much and so long, and have deferred 
this act of self-defense until to-day. 
It ik now nearly forty-two years since Alabama 
was admitted into the Union. She entcrcd it, ag 
she goes out of it, while the Confödcracy was in 
convulsions, caused by the hostility of the North 
to the domestic slavery of the South. Not a de- 
cade, nor scarce a lustrum, has elapsed , since her 
birth, that has not been strongly marked by proofs 
of the growth and power of that an ti-slavery spirit 
of the northern people which seeks the overthrow 
of that domestic institution of the South, which is 
not only the chief source of her prosperity, but 
the very basis of her social order and State polity. 
It is to-day the master spirit of the northern States, 
and had, before the secession of Alabama, of Mis- 
sissippi, of Florida , or of South Carolina, severed 
most of the bonds of the Union. It denied us 
Christian communion, because it could not endure 
what it styles the moral leprosy of slaveholding; 
it refused us permission to sojourn, or even to pass 
through tho North, with our property; it claimed 
freedom for the slave if brought by his master into 
a northern State; itxviolated the Constitution and 
treaties and laws of Congress, because designed 
to protect that property; it refused us any share 
of lands acquired mainly by our diplomacy and 
blood and treasure; it refused our property any 
shelter or security beneath the flacr of a common 
Government; it robbed us of our property, and 
refused to restore it; it refused to deliver crin-iinals 
property or our blood upon their hands; it threat- 
ened us, by solemn legislative acts, with io•no- 
minious punishment if we pursued our property 
into a northern State; it murdered southern men 
when seeking the recovery of their property on 
northern soil; 
it invaded the borders of southern 
States, poisoned their wells, bu rnt their d wellings, 
and murdered their people; it denounced us by dc- 
liberate resolves of popular meetings, of party con- 
ventions, and of religious and eventlegislative as- 
semblies, as habitual violators of the laws of God 
and the rights of humanity; it exerted all the 
moral and physical agencies that human ingenu- 
ity can devise or diabolical malice can employ to 
heap odium and infamy upon us, and to make 
us a by-word of hissing and of scorn throughout 
the civilized world. Yet we bore all.this for many 
years, and might have borne ib for many more, 
under the oft-repeated assurance of our northern 
friends, and the too fondly cherished hope that 
these wron(rs and injuries were committed by a 
minority party, and had not thc sanction of the 
majority ofthc people, who would , in time, rebuke 
our enemies, and redress our cricvances. 
But the fallacy of these promises and folly of 
our hopes have been too clearly and conclusively 
proved in late elections, especially the last two 
preside•ntial elections, to permit us to indulge longer 
In such pleasing delusions. The platform of the 
Republican party of 1856 and 1860 we regard as 
a libel upon the character and a declaration of war 
against the lives and property of thc southern peo- 
pie. No bitterer or more offensive calumny could I 
be uttered against them than is expressed in de- 
nouncing their system of slavery and polygamy 
as twin relics of barbarism.' 
It not only re- 
proaches us as unchristian and heathenish, but 
Imputes a sin and a crime deserving universal 
scorn and universal enmity. No sentiment is 
more insulting or more hostile to our domestic 
tranquillity, to our social order, and our social ex- 
istence, than is contained in the declaration that 
our negroes arc entitled to liberty and cauality ! 
with the white man. It is spirit, if not effect, i 
as strong an incitement and invocation to servile ! t 
insurrection, to murder, arson, and other crimes, 
as any to be found in abolition literature. 
And to aggreate the insult which is offered us 
saying that this is the act of the freemen of Ala- in demanding equality with us for our slaves, the 
to resist our entrance into the Territories with our 
slaves, or the extension of slavery, which—as its 
founders and leaders truly assert—must and will 
effect its extermination. To crown the climax of 
insult to our feelings and menace of our rights, 
this party nominated to the Presidency a man 
who not only indorses the platform, but promises, 
in •his zealous support of Its principles, to disre- 
gard the judgments of your courts, the obliga- 
tions of your Constitution, and the requirements 
of his omcial oath, by approving any bill prohibit- 
ing slavery in the Territories of-the United States. 
A larcre majority of the northern people have 
declarca at the ballot-box their approval of the 
platform and the candidates of that party in the 
i late presidential election. Thus, by the solemn 
verdict of the people of the North, the slavehold- 
outlawed, 
incr communities of the South are 
branded with ignominy, consigned to execration, 
and ultimate destruction." 
Sir, are we looked upon as more or less than 
men? Is it expected that we will or can cxercise 
" beareth all things, 
that godlike virtue which 
believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth 
all things ; 'which teaches us to tote our enemies, and 
bless thenz that curse us? Are we devoid of the 
sensibilities, the sentiments, the passions, tho 
reason, and the instincts of mankind? Have we 
no pride of honor, no sense of shame, no rever- 
cncc of our ancestors, no care of our posterity, 
no love of home, or family, or friends? Must we 
confess our baseness, discredit the fame of our 
sires, dishonor ourselves, degrade our posterity, 
abandon our homes, and floe from our country, 
all for the sake of the Union? Must we agree to 
live under the ban of our own Governmenti Must 
we acquiesce in the inauguration of a President, 
chosen by confederate, but unfrien(Ny, States, 
whose political faith constrains him, for his con- 
science and country's sake, to deny us our con- 
stitutional rights, according to the 
live under a Government which we believe Will 
henceforth be controlled and administered by 
those who not only deny us justice and equality, 
and brand us as but whose avowed prin- 
ciples and policy must destroy our domestic tran- 
quiltity, imperil thc lives of our wives and chil- 
drcn, degrade and dwarf, and ultimately destroy, 
our State? Must we live, by choice or compul- 
sion, under the rule of those who present us the 
irrepressib\e conflict with 
dire alternative of an ' 
thc northern people in defönse of our altars and 
our fireside, or the mamumission of our slaves, 
and the admission of them to social and political 
equality? No, sir, 
no! The freemen of Alabama 
have proclaimed to the world that they will not; 
and havc proved their sincerity by segeding from 
the Union, and hazarding all the dangers and dif- 
ficulties of a separate and indepenüent station 
among the nations of the earth. 
Thev have learned from history the admoni- 
tory tryuth, that the people who live under gov- 
ernors appointed against their consent by un- 
friendly foreign or confcdcratc States, will not 
long enjoy the blessings of liberty, or have the 
courage to claim them. They feel that wore they 
to consent to do so, they would lose the respect 
of their foes and the sympathy of their friends. 
They are resolved not to trust to the hands of 
their enemies the measure of their rights. They 
intend to preserve for themselves, and to transmit 
to their posterity, the freedom they received from 
their ancestors, or perish in the attempt. Cor- 
dially approving act of 111 y mother State , arid 
acknowledging no otbcr allegiance, I shall return, 
likc a true and ioyal son, to her bosom, to defend 
her honor, maintain her rights, and shzu•e her 
fate. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. President, rise 
merely to add, that having had an opportunity of 
knowing beforehand the sentiments which my 
colleague has expressed; and believing that they 
fairly represent the feelings, opinions, ånd pur- 
poses of our constituents, and correctly explain 
the reason and causes of their late action, he was 
fully warranted in saying he had my full concur- 
rence in the views which he has just submitted. 
I tbcrefore deem it unnecessary, if not improper, 
to abuse the privilege which the courtesy of the 
Senate accords to me, by further remarks. I feel 
that I am bound by the act of Alabama, and can- 
In takinc this Inomentous step, they have not I wllite Inen or free negroes, and brands us as an not claim the •rights and privileges of n member 
acted hasti y or unadvisédly. It is not the crup- 
, inferior race, by pledging the Republican party of this body. I acknowledge no loyalty to any 
