THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
1861. 
other Power than that of my sovereign State; and II now presented. The. laws are to be executed rightto'withdraw from-aßovernmentwhieh:thus 
over the United States, and upon the people of perverted threatens tribe destructiyödfr,oüFi'ightÅi 
shall return to her with the purpose to sustain 
her action and to share her fortunes, for weal or 
woe. 
Mr. DAVIS. I rise, Mr. president, for the 
purpose of announcing to the Senate that I have 
satisfactory evidence that the State of Mississippi, 
by a solemn ordinance of her people in conven- 
tion assembled, has declared her separation from 
the United States. Under these circumstances, 
It 
of course my functions are terminated here. 
has secmcd to me proper, however, that 1 should 
appear in the Senate to announce that fact to my 
associates, and I will say but very little more. 
The occasion does not invite me to go into 
ment; and my physical condition would not per- 
mit mc to do so it' it were otherwise; and yet it 
seems to become me to say something on the part 
of the State I here represent, on an occasion so 
solemn as this. 
It is known to Senators who have served with 
me here, that I havc for many years advocated, 
as an essential attribute of State sovereignty, the 
right of a State to secede from the Union. There- 
fore, if I had not believed there was justifiable 
cause; if I had thought that Mississippi was act- 
ine without sufficient provocation, or without an 
existing necessity, I should still, under my theory 
of the, Government, because of my allegiance to 
the State of which I am a citizen, have been bound 
by hcr action. I, however, may be permitted to 
say that I do think she has justifiable cause, and 
I conferred with her people 
I approve of her act. 
bcfore that act was taken, counseled them theri 
that if the state of things which they apprehended 
should exist when the convention met, they should 
take the action which they have now adopted. 
I hope nonc who hear me will confound this 
expression of mine with the advocacy of the right 
of a State to remain in the Union, aid to disrc- 
gard its constimtional obligations by the nullifica- 
tion of tbc law. Such is not Iny theory. Nulli- 
fication and secession, so often confounded, are 
indeed antacronistic principles. Nullification' is a 
remedy which it is sought to apply within the 
Union, and against the agent of the States. It is 
only to be justified when the agent has violated 
his constitutional obligation, and a State, assum- 
inglo judge for itself, denies the right of the agent 
thus to act, and appeals to the other States of the 
Union for a decision; but when the States them- 
selves, and when the people of the States, havc 
so acted as to convince us that they will not re- 
gard our conslitutional rights, then, and then for 
the first time, arises the doctrine of secession in 
its practical application. 
A great man who now reposes with his fathers, 
the United States. They have no relation to any we but tread in the -path of', our fathers 
foreign country. It is a perversion of terms, at 
least it is a great misapprehension of the cQse, 
which cites that expression for application to a 
State which has withdra•.vn from the Union. You 
If it be the 
may rnake war on a foreign State. 
purpose of gentlemen, they may make war against 
a State which has withdrawn from the Union; 
but therc are no laws of the Umted States to be 
executed within the limits of a seceded State. A 
State finding herself in the condition in which 
Mississippi has judged she is, in which her safety 
requires that she should provide for the mainte- 
nance of her rights out of the Union, surrenders 
all the benefits, (and they are known to be many,) 
depri ves hcrsclfofthe ad vantages, (they are known 
to be great,) severs all the ties of affection, (and 
they are close and enduring,) which have bound 
her to the Union; and thus divesting herself of 
every benefit, taking upon herself every burden, 
she claims to be exempt from any power to ex- 
ecute the laws of the United States within her 
limits. 
I well remember an occasion when Massachu- 
sctts was arraigned before thc bar of the Senate, 
and when then the doctrine of coercion v,'as rife 
and to bc applied against her because of the res- 
cuc of a fugitive slave in Boston. My opinion 
then was the same that it is now. Not in a spirit 
of egotism, but to show that I am not influenced 
in my opinion because the case is my own, I 
refer to that time and that occasion as containino• 
the opinion which then entertained, and on 
which my present conduct is based. I then said, 
if Massachusetts, following her through a stated 
line of conduct, chooses to take the last step which 
separates her from the Union, it is her right to go, 
and I will neither vote one dollar nor one man to 
coerce her back; but will say t.o her, God speed, 
in memory of the kind associations which once 
existed between her and the other States. 
It has been a conviction of pressing necessity, 
it has been a belief that we are to be deprived in the 
Union of t.he rights which our fathers bequeathed 
to us, which has brought Mississippi znto her 
present decision. She has heard proclaimed the 
theory that all men a•re created free and cqual, and 
this made the basis of an attack upon her social 
institutions; and thc sacred Declaration of Inde- 
pendence has been invoked to maintain the posi- 
tion of the equality of the races. That Declara- 
tion of Independence is to bc construed by the 
circumstances and purposes for which it was 
made. The communities were declaring their in- 
dependencc; the peoplc ofthosc communities were 
—to use [hc lan- 
proclaim our independence, anetake 
This is done not in hostility to othérg;•• not•Covin• 
jure any section of the even-for godf 
own pecuniary benefit; but -from t •the-„ hidh:aarid 
solemn motive of defending and protectiig,kthe 
rights we inherited, and which it is our sacred 
duty to transmit unshorn children; 
1 find in myself, perhaps, a type:of the general 
feeling of my constituents towards: yours. I- am 
sure I feel no hostility to you; Scnatoi•s from the 
North. J am sure there is not one of you, what- 
ever sharp discussion there may have been bi- 
twccn us, to whom I cannot now the pres- 
ence of my God, I wish you well; and such, Iam 
sure, is the feeling of the people whom I represent 
towards those whom you represent. 
feel that I but express their desire when 'l say 1 
hope,- and they hope, for peaceful relation's with 
you, though we must part. They may -be mu- 
tuaily beneficial to us in the future, as -they 
been in the past, if- you so will it. •The-reversc 
may bring disaster on every portion of the country-.; 
and if you will have it thus, we will invoke the God 
of ourfatherg, who delivered them from the power 
of the lion, to protect us from the ravages of-the 
bear; and thus, putting our trust in God, and;in 
our own firm hearts and strong arms, we•'.vill vin- 
dicate the right as best we may. 
In the course of tny service here, associated at 
different times with a great variety of Senators, I 
sec now around mc some with whom I•have served 
long; there have been points of collision; but 
whatever of offense there has been to me, I leave 
here; I carry with me no hostile remembrance. 
Whatever offense I hafe given which has not been 
demanded, I havc, SenatOrs, in this hour of our 
parting, to offer you my apology. for any pain 
which, in heat of discussion, have inflicted. I 
go hence unencumbered of the remembrance of 
any injury received, and having discharged the 
duty or making thc only reparation in my power 
for any injury offered. 
Mr. President, and Senators, having made the 
announcement which the occasion seemed to me 
to require, it only remains for me to bid you a 
and who has been often arraigned for a want of asserting that no man was born 
guage of Mr. Jefferson—booted and spurred to 
fealty to tho Union, advocated the doctrine of nul- 
*'ide over tl-hC rest of mankind; that mon wcrc I 
lification, because it prcservcd the Union. 
It l.vas 
created equal—meaning the men of the political 
because of his deep-seated attachment to the Union , 
community; that there was no divine right to rule; 
his determination to find some remedy for exist- 
that no man inherited the right to govern; that 
ino• ills short of a severance of the ties which 
that there were no classes by which power and 
bound South Carolina to the other States, that 
placc 4esce11ded to families, but that all stations 
Mr. Calhoun advocated the doctrinc of nullifica- 
tion, which he proclaimed to be peaceful, to bc were equally/ within 'the grasp of each member of 
final adieu. 
ADMISSION OF KANSAS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order 
fixed for one o'clock is the joint resolution of the 
Senator from Kentucky, (S. No. 54;) but the bilt 
for tho admission of Kansas being the unfinished 
business of Saturday, takes precedence. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 that the Senate pro- 
ceed to the conside•rat.ion of the unfinished busi- 
ness. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It proceeds to do 
so without a motion. 
Mr. SEWARD. very well. 
The Senate, as in Committee of the W•hole-, 
resumed the consideration of the bill (H.I No. 
23) for the admission of Kansas into the Union; 
the pending question being on the amendment -of 
within the limits of State power, not to disturb I the body-politic. These were the great princi- 
the Union, but only to be a means of bringing the ples they announced; these werc the purposes for I Mr. GREEN„ to add to the bill additiönal sections 
which they made their declaration; these were for the oreranization of the Territory of Jefferson. 
agent before the tribunal of the States for their 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, J had a fair 
the ends to which their enunciation was directed. 
Secession belongs to a different class of rcm- They huvc no reference to the slave; else, how hearing on Saturday of all the amendments I pro- 
judgment. 
happencd it that among the items of arraignment posed, and I shall not renew them. I see It is 
It is to be justified upon the basis that the 
made aRainst George Ill was that he endeavored the settled judgment ofa majority of the Senate 
edies. 
States are sovereign. There was a time when 
to do just what tho North has been endeavoring to pass this bill without amendment; but I must 
I hope the time may come affain, 
of late to do—to stir up insurrection among our take this occasion to say that I moved these 
none dcnicd it. 
when a better comprehension of the theory of our 
slaves? Had the Declaration announced that the amendments iå good faith; I thought they would 
Government, and tho inalienable rights of the 
people of the States, will prevent any one from negroes •were free and equal, how was the Prince improve the bill and better promote the public in- 
to bc arraigned for stirrinff up insurrection among terests, and especially the interests of Kansas. 
denying that, each State is a sovereign, and thus 
may reclaim the grants which it has made to any them ? And how was this to be enumerated among They, however, failed; and while under the rules 
the high crimes which caused the colonies to sever of tho body I should have a right to renew them 
their connection with the mother country? When I when we get out of the Committee of the Whole 
agent whomsoever. 
I therefore say I concur in the action of the 
people of Mississippi, believing it to bc necessary i our Constitution was formed, the same idca was and get into the Senate, I shall not do.so, forl am 
rendered more palpable, for there we find •pro- II 
and proper, and should have béen bound by their 
is against them. I had intended, on Saturday, to 
brings me to the important point which 1 wishon ert,y•, II make a speech on the questions of the 
with white men—not even upon that of paupers dtw. I will not now do that. 
this last occasion to present to tbc Senate. 
by this confounding of nullification and secession and convicts; but, so far as representation was i to some other, perhaps more suitable, occasion; 
that the name of a great man, whose ashes now concerned, were discriminated against as a lower but I must be permitted to make this. remark: 
that thc only object I had on 
mingle with his mother earth, has been invoked caste, only to be represented in the numerical I 
ing a postponement, was to have a mote full Sen- 
to justify coercion against a seceded State. The proportion of throe fifths. 
Then, Senators, we recur to th(nompact which ate, so as to give every opportunity 
phrase " to executo the laws," was an expression i 
to vote upon the question- thismörhing. Now, 
which General Jackson applicd to the case of a binds us together; we recur to the principles upon 
State refusing to obey the laws while yet a I-nem- which our Government was founded; and when as the bill comes up wi-t& •the amendment pend - 
bcr of the Union. T fiat is not the case which is II you deny them, and when you deny to us the ing, if the Senate will:.give. me•'leaVe, wili with- 
