488 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 21, 
drawtheamendment. Leave!" " Leave!" ] Ido 
not •wish to prejudice the question itself. Jeffer- 
son Territory ought to be organized; but many 
of the Senators in favor of the bill advise me that 
they will, at the proper time, vote for it., if I bring 
iL up as a separate measure. For. that purpose, 
withdraw: thc amendment, with the leaveof the 
Senate. 
The PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays 
have not been ordered, nor has any amendment 
been moved to the amendment; and therefore the 
Senator has a right to withdraw it. 
If no amend- 
ment be offered, the bill will be reported to the 
Senate. 
The bill was reported to the Senate without 
a'mendment. 
Mr. FITCH. I shall renew the amendment 
which I offered to this bill on Saturday. The vote 
was then too close to satisfy me that a majority 
Of the Senate were determined not to adopt it. 
It 
is well known, Mr. President, that nearly ali of our 
present lamentable sectional diffculties are con- 
nected with the disposition of our Territories, and 
articularly with two questi0i')s in relation to those 
Territories. One of these is thie right ofa Terri- 
torial Legislature to abolish slavery. Another, 
the existence or non-existence of that institution 
within the Territories, by virtue, as it has been 
claimed by some of the Representatives of the 
southern States, of the Constitution. Both of 
these questions are now pending before appropri- 
ate judicial tribunals; and unless the refusal upon 
the part of the members of the Senate on the op- 
posite side ofthe Chamber to adopt'the amend ment 
which I have offered lets one of these questions 
fall: they will both be before the Supreme Court 
in a short time. Certainly, sir, 
it is desirable 
they should both bc finally adjudicated; for, not- 
withstanding the declaration oi• Senators upon the 
opposite side of the Chamber that, in the Dred 
Scott case, these questions were not decided, arid 
only an opinion—an obiter dicturn—of the court 
given in relation to them, I call) but hope those 
Senators are as willirjg they should be decided as 
are Senators upot) this side, and wili be cqtaally 
loyal to the decision whenever it shall be made. 
One of these points has been decided by a Uni- 
ted Stales court in Kansas Territory, and I may 
bc excused for feeling some interest in havirp 
that case decided in the highest court, because 
•ere is stiti another point involved in it which 
was the subject of colloquy during the last ses- 
Sion between the Senator from Mississippi, who 
then sat on my right, [Mr. BROWN,) ond myself. 
That Senator, 
it wili be remembered, asked for 
congressional protection of slavery in the Terri- 
tories. In common with the Senator from Louis- 
iana, [Mr. BENJAMIN,] I took the position that no 
such congresszonal protection was required; that 
if slavery existed, as he claimed, by virtuc of the 
Constitution, in the Territories, the common law 
affordcd all the rernedies he ought to desire. The 
case in the Kat)sns territorial court was a suit at 
corn mon law. The Territorial Legislature hav- 
ing prohibited slavery, a slave escaped from her 
owner, and was reclaitned upon a coin mori law 
writ—a writ of replevin, as I think the legal pro- 
fession calls it. The defense was, tl)Qt, the 'l'erri- 
toriai Legislature having abolished slavery, no 
such property existed within that Territory. The 
judgment of the court was, that the action of the 
Territorial Legislature was unconstitutional. 
this case goes to the Supreme Court, then one of 
these controverted points which, at this moment, 
are shaking the Government to its foundation, 
wiki be finally decided one way or thc other. 
There is at this time, I am informed, in Chi- 
cago, another case in which is involved the ques- 
tion of the existence or non-existence, theoreti- 
cally, of slavery in a common Territory by virtue 
of the Constitution, or of common ownership. 
There a fugitive has been rescued, and the dc- 
fense is that she escaped from Nebraska, a Tcr- 
ritory in which thcre was no local law recocyniz- 
ino or protecting slavery, and that therefore no 
such property existed within that Territory. The 
bill, of course, now before the Senate for the ad- 
rnrssion of Kansas, does not afTect this latter case; . 
but it does the foriner, and a very vital one. 
Now, when Senators over the way see only on 
one Sidc the wishes of a population as limited as 
that of Kaylsas, and upon the other a Union about 
to cramblc to fragn'lents, because, perhaps, of a 
want, mainly, of decision on these specific points, 
will they hesitate? Which is of the most import- 
ing upon personal rights, it is our duty to save 
all that can be saved of judicial rights and reme- 
ance, to procure an early decision of this question, 
or to hurry the admission of Kansas two, three, 
1 am prepared to do that. 
1 am not pre- 
or four days earlier, at the expense, perhaps, of pared to make an exception from the customary 
preventing a decision altogether? This is what practice for the purpose of sustaining this partic- 
is involved in the amendment: on the one side, 
a prompt appeal . to the Court, and an 
early decision of an important controverted point; 
on the other side, a delay iri according the wishes 
of a limited population in a remote Territory— 
upon the one side, a mere blecdinff Kansas; on the 
other, a bleeding Union. I have nothing further 
to say on this subject. 
I promised Saturday 
that would not debate it. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. lhave only to remark that 
there is no such question involved as a delay in 
the settlement of this judicial question to which 
the Senator refers. No one proposes to do any 
i act by which the suit pending shall be delayed. 
On both sides it is proposed that there shall be 
such legislation as shall preserve that casc in its 
order. 
If the case shall continue in the United 
States court, there is no probabilit.y that it can be 
reached in one, two, or three years, in the due l' 
order of proceeding in that court; bencc, all the 
arguments made about delay fall to the ground, 
for it does not involve a delay of one instant of 
It is-only a quostion whether this bill shall 
time. 
be sent back to the House of Representatives by 
an amendment that will delay the admission of 
the State. I understand gentlemen on the other 
side of the Chamber to sav that thcy intend to 
bring in a bill at once to establish the United States 
judiciary for that new State, and to make provision 
for the preservation of all the cases. 
Mr. COLLAMER. That can be preserved. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. All that can be preserved 
under the Constitution of the United States. 
think we can trust those assurances, especially 
when they have as much interest in that line of 
policy, in ray opinion, as any men in the world. 
T I-icy cortainly do not dcsirc to leave that State 
without a judiciary syston'l for twelve months; 
and, unless they pass it, and l'.ave it approved be- 
fore the 4th of' March, 
there can be no judiciary 
ular interest of a public nature, which is supposed 
to depend upon the result of private litigation in 
these cases. As the honorable Senator from Illi- 
nois has said, I rcspond, you may bring in your 
bill -to-day for the organization of' a judicial dis- 
trict in Kansas, and I will vote for it; and I will 
vote to save every remedy which can be saved, 
regardless of the consequences, whether the judg- 
ment which is to be pronounced be for or against 
the principles which I maintain in the adminis- 
tration of the Government. 
Mr. FITCH. Mr. President, Senator from 
New York says that any proposition—any extra- 
neous one, as I believe he designates this—in con- 
nection with this bill, should have been brought 
in a year two. Thc Senator's memory is very 
treacherous, unless he recollects that this was 
brought in a year ago, or whenever the bill came 
before the Senate, and has been pending from that 
hour to this. It was printed simultaneously with 
other amendments to the bill. 
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the honorable 
Senator from Indiana 
Mr. FITCH. 1 had not finished. 
Mr. SEWARD. beg pardon. 
Mr. FITCH. 
[ yield, of course. 
Mr. SEWARD. 'I'he honorable Senator from 
Indiana misunderstands me, or else I fail to ex- 
plain myself. I do not complain that this is a new 
proposition. MT l)at say is, that Kansas wag 
entitled to admission last year, and that all these 
questions ought to have been made last year, and 
disposed of, and not have delayed the whole ques- 
tion until this time, and now send the bill back to 
the House of Representatives for the purpose of 
securing conditions which ought to have been 
considered, together with the bill itself, upon its 
merits, and acted upon then. 
Mr. FITCH. And, Mr. President, as to the 
other cause for opposition mentioned by the Sen- 
system there until next winter. 
ator from Illinois, that the amendment will delay 
I the passage of the bill by rendering it necessary 
Mr. COLLAMER. Ofthe United states cases. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of United States cases. 
to send it back to the House of Representatives, 
I take it for gran ted there is no question of delay- do Senators distrust their own political associates 
ing thc judicial décision; but the is as 
in that wing of the Capitol, now in an overwhelm- 
to -delaying the act of admission. For that rea- 
incr majority? M/ ith this amendment, the bill 
son I arn ulterly opposed to any amendment of ] will not necessarily be delayed two days. 'l'he 
the bill; 
but renew the pledire have I-nu•etofore only question would be about bringing it up in 
i made: brin(" up your bill to-morrow, or to-day, the order of business. If Senators on Ibe oppo- 
for establishing a judicial system, and I will vote 
to put right ihrough, wilhout the slightest de- 
lay, and i shall think that gentlemen on the other 
side act very strangely after what they have said , 
if they do not vote so too. 
N.Ir. SEVVARD. Mr. President, 1 respond 
entirely to what has been said by the honorable 
Senator from I Ifinois. 
I want to meet this ques- 
lion of the ad:nission of Kansas upon its merits; 
and I do not want to meet collatcrai or incidental 
questions any longer in connection with Kansas. 
If there is any community in this country •which 
is entitled to any right at the hands of the Con- 
oress of the United' States, it is the people of 
Kansas to be admitted into this Union now, and 
to be admitted after complying, as they have done, 
in good faith and fully, with all the customary 
reqåircment.s to which the people of the 'I'errito- 
ries are subjected whén they apply to Congrcss 
to allow them to change their condition from a 
Territory to that of one of lhe States of the Union. 
This procecding is sought to be embarrassed 
by connecting with it a prop.osition to oro•anizc a 
judicial district in the State. 
It is unusual; it is 
unnecessary; it can be. done separately and dis- 
tinctly; and that is the prevailing custom which 
has becn applied in such cases. If we depart now 
from that custom, and incorporate that provision 
into this bill, it serids Kansas back to the House 
of Representatives, after we have kept her svait- 
ing here one. whole year for admission. 
ago the House of Representatives sent us a bill to 
admit Kansas. 
If i•ve had conditions to annex; 
if we' had incidcnts to take care of, it ought to 
have been done a year acro and not nosv. 
The proposition to organize this judicial dis- 
trict is magnified by the circtunstance that there 
are suits which may fall. Those suits practically 
have just exactly the value which every suit be- 
tween individuals has in the Territories. Stand- 
site side of the Chamber and the Senator from 
Illinois are so willil'lg that a judicial district shall 
be created in Kansas, and pending suits kept alive, 
why not do it now, when we know the passage 
of this bill is beyond the possibility of doubt, and 
there is doubt about the passage of any separate 
judiciary bill? I do not doubt the sincerity of the 
Senator from Illinois or of the Senators on the 
other side of this Chamber in their expression of 
willingness to pass such bill; but they cannot 
pledge themsel ves for the action of the other House; 
and whilc they are unable to thus pledge them- 
selves, they well know the importunce attached to 
the early admission of Kansas by their political 
associates in that end of the Capitol is such that 
an amendment of this rcasonable character will 
not delay its passage, as I have already said, be- 
yond a day or two. 
, if there is a willingness to keep the im- 
portant suit to which I have alluded alive, that it 
may fifially be decided in the Supreme Court, if 
I there is that willingness to create a judicial dis- 
trict, why not evince that willingness by adopt- 
ing the amendinent? I certainly had a right to 
expect that the Senator from Illinois would assent 
td it; but I do not know that I have any right to 
expect that Senators on the opposite side of the 
Chamber will. They have manifested so little 
dispositiou ofa conciliatory character in relation 
to our sectional troubles, that I have little expecta- 
tion they will, by act or vote, keep alive a suit 
in '.vhich a great question, against which they 
have contended, is involved, and which is likely, 
through this amendment, to be decided contrary 
to their view's. 
Mr. GREEN. There is this other considera- 
tion: the trouble is in regard to the order of busi-• 
ness in tho House of Representatives. We know 
what their rules are; and we know the diffculty 
i of bringing a question up' for consideration. 
1 
