492 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 21, 
in the language of the orators, that in some way 
or other •the Republican organization was the 
agency through which slavery was to be abolished 
everywhere? This was not always done directly 
and m plain terms; men occupying the position 
of statesmen dare not do this; but they would 
talk about an irrepressible conflict between the 
local institutions of the States. They would say 
they did not expect the house to fall, but they 
did expect it to become all one thing or all the 
other—all slave or all free; and who could im- 
agine that they intended to intimate that the States 
should all become slave? Then, sir, they would 
talk about hemming slavery in With a of 
fire, so that it might perish by its own blasting 
effects. 
It is idle, Mr. President, it would be unmanly, 
at a time like this, to close our eyes to the mani- 
fest effects of what men have said and done. This 
kind of mysterious teaching of the Republican 
leaders was necessary to draw to them the sup- 
port of the old anti-slavery party of the North. 
Without that support, they could not succeed; 
and they could not get that support, without, to 
a greater or less extent, identifying themselves 
with the doctrines of abolitionism, and of aggres- 
Sion upon slavery everywhere. Now, sir, if these 
doctrines are not to be carried out, why not say 
so? Cannot men rise above the ordil')ary posi- 
tion of partisans, and say frankly and emphati- 
cally that they do not intend, either by direct or 
indirect means, to interfere with the rights of the 
southern States, or attempt to deny to them per- 
fect equality—not only as members of the Con- 
federacy, but in the use and enjoyment of our 
common Territories? Let the President elect say 
this, and the skies will brighten. Come, Sena- 
" let justice be done though the heavens 
tors, 
fall;" let the South have her share of the common 
estate; and as she is the weaker party, give her 
prompt and efficient guarantees a«ainst future in- 
terference and against future aggression, as far 
as that can be done; and we shall have peacc 
again. Without it, without concession and coin- 
promise, our destiny is inevitable—dissolution, 
civil war, and anarchy are before us. 
To my own mind, Mr. President, a still greater 
source of evil, of alienation, and hostilitv, than all 
these, is the habit which prevails in thé North of 
branding slavery and slaveholders with opprobri- 
ous cpithets, and denouncing slaveholders as bar- 
barians and criminals, fordoirp that which it was 
agreed they might do. This is the exhaustless 
fountain from which flow the bitter waters of 
discord, which are poisoning all the chnnncls of 
intercourse, commercial, political, and social, 
between the northern and the southern States, 
wielding an influence more poisonous and blieht- 
ink than the shades of the deadly upas. Southern 
men, frotl) notions of pridc and dignity, give less 
prominence to this idea; but no man who has as- 
sociated with them as I have, could fail •to dis- 
cover its effect upon their feelings. A southern 
marl, once a men)bor of this body, but not now 
Union, touchingly remarked to me on this floor: 
" Look at our case; look at my State,' 
said 110; 
the present generation there have had nothing 
to do with establishing slavery; we inhcritcd it; 
we believe it to be, right; wc do just X,vhat it was 
agreed we might do at the time the Confederacy 
was made, and what the northern States were 
mainly doing at that time; and yet, sir, for doing 
th is thing,we find ou rselves branded as barbarians, 
and our Institution talked about as a twin relic of 
barbar:sm and polygamy, and we as men favor- 
ing a lower Order of civihzation than that enjoyed 
in the North, and as living in the daily practice 
of oppression and Now, sir," said he, 
disease which is exhausting the vitals of our Re- 
public. How to remove it, God only knows. The 
expression of sentiment, under our institutions, 
cannot be suppressed, and can be butslightly re- 
strained ; and I had reförence to this feeling mainly 
when I remarked, on the 11th of December, that 
whatever remedies were adopted ought to be com- 
plete and final, reaching the root of the disease, 
and separating the question of slavery entirely 
from popular elections in-the North, in order that 
the public mind may be at rest, and that those 
men who are sincere, conscientious enemies of 
slavery—for a large body of them are so—should 
feel themselves entirely separated from the institu- 
tion; that they have no connection with it; no 
responsibility to bear, and no duties to perform. 
'l'hus separated, possibly they wotfld cease their 
aggressions on their southern friends; or, per- 
hüps, they would turn their attention to a wider 
field, and look to the elevation of the condition of 
the African in Cuba, where they could wage war, if 
war they must have, without making it upon their 
kindred and their• brethren; '•,vhcre therc would 
be no compacts to v;olate, and no fraternal blood 
to shed; or to the still wider field presented in the 
native land of the African, and where they would 
find a still lower grade of degradation. Surely, 
when they shall havc occupied those fields, and 
elevated the native African to the condition of the 
descendants of that country in the southern States, 
no one will object to their efTorts to elevate and 
relieve the condition of the African slave in Amer- 
ica. But it scems to rne that true philanthropy 
and humanity require that they shou ld take hold 
of the disease. wure it is uvorst. The skillful 
physician would do this. The philanthropist 
ought to exert himself in the field where suffer- 
ing humanity needs lv aid most. Then Ict them 
labor to bring the Afr&can in his native country 
or in Cuba up to the condition of the southern 
would not only be slaves, but miserable, starving, 
degraded slaves. As was well remarked by the 
Senator from Virginia the other day, in tracing 
the consequences of war between the two sections, 
and justly denying tne right -and possibility of 
subduing the South, if you had the South sub. 
dued, what would you do with the slaves? He 
said, as I say, you would have to retain them 
there; and if the South were conquered provinces 
of the North, the institution of slavery would 
have to be maintained and the right of property 
in slaves recognized, Whata hazard we are run- 
ning, then, Mr. President, for' an idle abstraction 
or a vain delusion ! 
I have no pleasure, sir, in this kind of talk. 
As God is my judge, my heart is not in it at all. 
I am in no sprit of crimination. I stand between 
the extremes here of the North and the South, 
getting but little countenance or sympathy from 
either side. But I stand for my country, for the 
Union of these States, for tl•te cause of justice and 
humanity, for the right, for duty and fidelity on all 
hands, and against a fratricidal war at all times 
and in every contingency. 
I have already said that I do not hold southern 
Inen blameless on this subject. They have in- 
dul•ed a spirit of recrimination and retaliation 
towards the North neither wise nor philosophical; 
and it cannot be denied that a vexatious system 
of espionage has been kept up in some southern 
States as to northern men visiting that region, 
and in some instances cruel and condign punish- 
ment inflicted upon them in a manner disgraceful 
to the age, and well-calculated to provoke aggres- 
Sion and hostility. They have, in addition, been 
unnecessarily sensitive and exacting on unim- 
portant points, and at times have left the impres- 
Sion that nothing that the northern people could 
do or say would relieve their apprehensions cn• 
assuage their feelings. As for secession, I am. 
utterly against it. 
r deny the right, and I abhor 
the consequences; but I shall indulge in no awa- 
ment on that point. 
It is no remedy for any one 
of the evils lamented; and in my judgtnont, it will 
amrravate rather than romove them; and, in addi- 
tion, superil)duce countless others ofa more dis- 
and destructive character. 
" IL were 
wiser to bear the ijis we have, than fly to others 
we know not of." Will dissolution arrest 
sions upon the rights of the. South? Will it ex- 
tend the area of their peculiar institution? Will 
i it break up the machinations of those who con- 
spire to carry off slave property? Will it assuage 
slave; and when they shall have done that, then 
let them turn their attention to the descendants 
of Africa in the NOI th 
• —the free necyroes, a de- 
graded and suffering race, and see what they can 
do for them. 
Sir, I do not wish to be understood as an advo- 
cate for Africao slavery. I nm not; but I cannot 
see the cruelty or the political or moral evil in it 
that men on the other side attribute to it. They 
do not intend to give the negro political equality 
in this country. They will not dare say t.hey do; 
nor do they intend him to have social equality. 
What then remains to him? Physical existence, 
and nothing c)se. Such liberty is a delusion and 
a fraud—the word of promise to the ear, to be 
broken to the hope. Suppose the proposition 
were submitted , at points in the North, where large 
nun)bers of free negroes are found, to appoint re- 
spectabte and responsible white men as guardians 
for each family, to direct their physical efforts for 
an animal existence; to see that their labor was 
properly directed, so that their earnincrs might be 
applied to the usc of the family; to take care of 
the aged, and feed and clothe the younff: would 
that be a very crucl proposition? Certainly not; 
and yet, stripped of occasional abuses of the in- 
stitution by the violent separation of fami•lics, and 
the recognition of an unpleasant principle, and 
this is aböut all there is in the institution of sla- 
very in the South. 
It is the application of a su- 
perL01' intellectual ability to direct the muscular 
efforts of these men to secure subsistence. 
But in God 's name, if this agitation is to go on, 
if a party in one section of the country is to be 
orcranized and derive its vital spark of existence 
from this æyitation, let us know what is to be ac- 
complished; what good end is to result from it; 
what can be done for the white or the black race 
by it? In what possible way is the condition of 
" I carc little about your territorial question; we i either to be improved? Would you make the 
have a clear constitutional right in the Territo- 
slaves frec men? Unless you mean this, you mean 
rics, and it ought to be recognized, but it is nota nothing. 
If free men, how, when, and where? 
valuable right; nor have I any fear of violence at You acknowledge the restrictions of the Consti- 
the hands of northern people; with me it iB the 
tution as to the slave States. But suppose this 
wear and tear of feeling; it is the attempt at hu- 
were removed, and the southern people. were to 
miliation and inequality in the Government that say, here are our slaves; we set thern free; they 
'said he, i must be clothed and fed; come and take them: 
relations with any other men on the face of the 
then What would you do? Nothing, gentlemen; 
earth, than with those claiming to be my brethren absolutely not.hing. The most abolitionized State 
and part of thc samo common Government, who Ei in the Union Would not agree to receive her quota 
thus outrage my feelinzs and estimate me politi- of slaves in order to give them freedom. They 
call y and morally as beneath their position.' 
could not bc brought North; and if such a thing 
Unhappily, Mr. Presidcut, this feeling is too were possible, every sane man must know that 
wide and too general. 
I say it is the seat of the their condition would be infinitely Worse. They 
the popular feeling in the North as to slavcrv ? 
it give additional security to thö holders•of 
slaves? and will it prevent insurrection? In my 
judgment, it will do none of thesa things. Nor 
can it by any possibility improve the material 
interests of either section of the Union; and I do 
not intend to dwell upon the question of material 
interests in considering the value of the Union. 
If we could have two republics of equal size, and 
live it) harmony and in unrestrained commercial 
and political intercourse, the national growth 
might not be seriously affected. But would this 
revolution stop with two republics; and can peace- 
ful relations be maintained? Both is possible; 
but neither the onc nor the other is probable. 
If 
once disruption becomes permanent, 
the history 
of the world would seem to teach that subdivisions 
would follow until the American Union would be 
divided into a score or more of petty, wrangling, 
and demoralized republics, exciting only the pity 
and contempt of the world. 
Acknowledging the justice ot the complaints ot 
the southern States to no inconsiderable extent, I 
deprecate with all my heart the remedy they pur- 
sue, and am prepared to resist it by ali proper and 
peaceful means in my power. Even if the right 
of secession were clear, Mr. President, I maintain 
that justice and good faith to the other States 
South should first be sought- at the hands of the 
people, the fountain of political authority, and in 
I the forms prescribed in the Constitution. The 
southern States should have petitioned Congress 
for a convention of States to revise the Consti- 
complain. In this way they could have ascertained 
the real sentiments and intentions of the northern 
people towards them, and the great alternatives 
of continued Union or peaceful separation could 
have been determined upon. This was the course 
of our fathers in reference to the old Confedera- 
