1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
453 
tion, v„'hich . '•.vas intended to be' perpetual, but 
Ivas changed because it did not answer the pur- 
pose for ••.•vhic.h it was created. Let our southcrn 
friends follow chis example, even at this late day, 
and all may bc yet saved. Better counsels will pre- 
vail in such a body than in Congress. Men will 
come fresh from the people, unem barrasscd by 
party politicsand party platforms. 'Ilhis refused by 
the North, and then, and not till then, could vio- 
lent rernedies with any show of justice be invoked . 
The Constitution was intended to mect just such 
exigencies as now surround us; and hence, no 
provision was made for the separation of the 
States, and none for the coercion of States illto 
obedience to the fundamental law of • the Union. 
'I'he men who made the Constitution were in the 
practicc of that peacefül remedy at the time, and 
doubtless intended to leave the sa e remedy and 
none other to posterity. This re ed y should still 
be embraced, unless Congres should promptly 
submit to the States some me ure of pacification 
and reunion. 
No one pretends that thc right of secession is 
given in the Constitution; and no onc cah scriously 
preter)d that, if practiced by a Statc, the act is not, 
to somc extent, a violent one, and in derogation 
of the rights and interests of the other States. 
The right or wrong of it in the estimation of the 
world, like the rightor wrong of revolution, must 
depend in no inconsiderable degree upon the suf- 
ficiency or insufliciency of the reasons that in- 
duced it, and the consequences resultino• there- 
from. 
I think the reasons insufficient, and the 
remedy not only futile, but uninst to others. 
1 
deplore it, I deprecate the movemel'lt with all my 
hcat•t•, and I would be willing t.o any proper 
power in the Government, any peaceful Incans, 
to arrest thc movement, so that rncn might. be in- 
duced to look before they leap. But it is said, 
on Lhe other side, that the authority of the Gov- 
ernment of the United States must be vindicated; 
that rebellion, sedition, and instirrcct.ion nutst be 
put down, the Union saved, and the laws executed j 
at all hazards. On thcse points, •and as to the 
duty and powers of the Government, I concur 
mainly in what was said by the Senator from ll- 
linois. No man denies that the laws should bc 
executed; but if the people of a sovereign State, 
by a voice, and in authoritative form, 
threv.' oiF their allegiance to the Federal Govern- 
men t, and acknowledocd another, how are you to 
execute the laws within such a State, or carry 
out any one of the functions of the, Federal Gov- 
errnnent? To execute the laws, suppress insur- 
rection, and put down rebellion, is a nice theory, 
and pleasant talk; but will gentlemen tell us how 
it can be done against the anited voice of a sov- 
ereigll State? 'When the people have thrown off 
, and I 
theii• allegiance to the General Government 
acknowledge only that of the State, the Federal 
Government may command the citizen to do 
one thing, but l'iis allegiance to the State would 
require him to do another; and so heis bound hand I 
and foot. You cannot carry unails,• hoid courts, 
or collect revenues with the Ai'lny, even if you 
had a large one; but with all the Army this Gov- 
ernment has at present, s;uch a work would bo 
idle. What then? Shall we recocrnize the States 
now claimirg to bc out of the Union as de facto ! 
Governmcnts, and wacre war them, to re- 
gain the jurisdiction of the United States within 
their respective limits? 
Before , we do this, let us look at the fearful 
alternatives. 
Such a war would not involve a 
contest with five States only, but with t'vc•lvc or 
pose of the war? It must either be to chastise the 
ofTending States, to gratify feelings of hostility 
against them, to vindicate the honor and dignity 
of the Government, or reconstruct the Union-•, but 
it would fail to accotnplisb the one ot the other. 
What good end thorm will it subserve to shed the. 
blood ofour race and kindred , who separate from us 
politically, because they have believed they were 
not treated as equals? Statcs cannot bc brought 
back into thc Union , or kept in the Union, by the 
sword. It is impossible. Ours is a Government 
of consent, and must be sustained by good will and 
fraternal affection. By what earthly means can 
you compel a sovereign State to perform the func- 
tions of' a mernber of this Confederacy against her 
will? Can you make her dtizens hold offce? Can 
you make them regard your laws? Can you com- 
pcl them to elect members of Congress, and can 
members of Congress be forced to serve? Can 
you collect revenues or taxes where no man will 
perform the office of tax-gatherer? It is idle. 
say, therefore, that coercion is a mere phrase, a 
sheer delusion. Tho idea of thirty-three States, 
that failed to live in fraternal union, being reunited 
by a long and bloody y-ar, is startling. No, sir, 
this never can be. And in saying this, I do not 
mean to say that I would not force ail the States 
to remain, if I believed it possible; for no greater 
service could bc rendered them. 
In my opirrion, secession is the worst possible 
remedy for the evils of by the south- 
ern States, and coercion the maddest of all the 
remedies sucgest.ed for secession. The States 
ought to live in frulernal bonds; but if they will 
not T shall one half put the other to the sword ? 
Such a wat•would be one of extertninution. Neither 
side could ever conquer; and if the northern States 
could conquer, what, would they do with the 
southern States as provinces? The Senator from 
Virginia met that, point the otbcr day so com- 
pletely that need not discuss it: But God for- 
bid that war should cvcr begin! Iamao•ainst it. 
I am for peace; and I am ready to grant anythint' 
In reasou 10 recorlcilc the discon ten teed States and 
the offended people. 
I aln rcady to itnplore thefn 
to rernain in the Union; I am road y to f'Rht for 
their constitutional rights to tho last hour;- but to 
shed a brother 's blood in a fratricidal war, I shall 
ready—never ! 
never ! 
But still I have an abiding faith that the nation 
can be saved; not by noerc hosannas to tho Union, 
though I like exceed iuo•iy. 
If. will require 
works as well as faith. 'When was ill the 
full tide of hcr decline, it was boast 01' the 
Romans that, while the Colliseum starlds, Rome 
will stand. The boast was vain; for " 
time's effac- 
ing finger 
ever points to tho fallacv of the expect- 
ation. 'Phe hurnb]ed pride and departed grandour 
of the once mistress of the world are a fitting com- 
mentary upon worldly ambition. Still, the Amer- 
ican boast., that while the Union stands, America 
will stat')d, is far more wise and rational. But 
means must be used. Then, boasts may be in- 
dulged. 
r I'he adoption of the resolutions of the 
Senapor from Kentucky, by Ille vote of all parties 
in Congress, would at once "i ve assurance of re- 
union and continued uni0i1, änd would bc the 
voice of peace and good will throughout the land. 
What a blessed message it would I-je to go trern- 
bling over the wires from State to State, from city 
to city, from town to town, 
hill to valley, and 
house to house, throughout this broad land; and 
how many hearts would impulsively thank God 
for his mercieS! Our Government is Loo 
to end now. Comparatively speaking, it is in its 
fifteen. He is a madman who closes eycs to infancy. ft has only seen the years ofa very old 
this fact. However much the border States may man; und so tuc there are still alive who lived be- 
deprecate the action ofthc States, and how- fore independence. Can it be that its existence 
ever bittcrly they may lament that action and de- is to be so limited, so fleeting? 
nounce it, if you please, they have, with scarce an the nations, to rise and shine for a brief period, 
exception, declared secession to be the right of any I and then sink to rise no more? I do not belicvc 
State, and that no war shall be made sister this. God has morc in store for America than 
State for the exercise of that right, however un- 
It required the Roman empire about five 
wise that exercise may scc•rn. T!-wn, sir, it would 
hundred years to reach the climax of its great- 
be a Ivar wi th fifteen States on one side and eightepn 
ness, and about an equal period to decline and 
on the other. Let Senators who talk of war study fall. Babylon had existed sixteen centuries when 
structed, as far as broken, might- we not: hdpe 
that its foundations were to be deeper and finier 
than ever; that the ordeal through which •it is now 
passing would root its foundatio•more -effect* 
ively and completely in the affections of the people ? 
mt Senators talk of war; and it disturbs no 
man's nerves that widely separated States -and 
communities should do so. The men of the arctic 
regions of the United States, away up in Maine 
and Vermont and Massachåsetts, can shake their 
gory locks at those inhabiting a neck of land in 
the tropics of America, known as Florida; and 
the Floridians, in turn, may manifesta belligerent 
design. Such a fight will be bloodless; but it will 
be far otherwise with the free and slave States, 
bordering on each other, should that be the line 
of division. They will be within striking dis.- 
tance, and to them this war will be no idle bravado. 
It will be a matter. of life and death. Look at the 
position of my own glorious old State. No broad 
river; or high mountain, or deep chasm, or high 
wall, divides her from the slaveholding States 
From thc waters of the Ohio to those of the Del- 
aware, her broad side lies nestling close up again.* 
the sides of hcr slaveholding sisters. First, on 
the west, comes Virginia, then Maryland, and 
then, fall up in her generous bosom, rests her 
little sister Delaware, with the heads of both re- 
clining on the banks of the river where, at the 
same moment, the rays of the mornino• sun may 
kiss thc brow of both. For four hun&red miles, 
from the Ohio to the Delaware, her south side re- 
clines against the north side of slavehold ing States; 
mountain to mountain, hill to hill, valley to val- 
ley, farm to farm, neighborhood to neighborhood, 
brother to brother, sister to sister, hand to hand, 
and heart to heart. The line has been, to frater- 
nal citizens on either side, imaginary; they have 
passed from the North to the South, and from the 
South to the North, without even a thought that 
it marked the beginning of a people strangers to 
each other, much less aliens and enemies. All 
along this linc there has been marrying and giv- 
ing in marriage. The sons of Virginia have mar- 
ricd thc daughters of' Pennsylvania, and the sons 
of Permsylvania have married the daughters of 
Virginia, and so has it been with Maryland and 
Delaware. That line is sanctified by all the ties 
that can endear men to each other—political and 
commercial ties; tics of interest, and custom; ties 
of consancruinity and affection. 
Great God ! Are all these to be severed? Is this 
line to marl( the boundaries of enemies? Impos- 
sible! Humal'lity and justice forbid it. Penn- 
sylvania will never become the enemy of Virginia. 
Pennsylvania will never draw the sword on Vir- 
ginia; and she is no less affectionate to her other 
sisters. In good faith she has performed her part 
in peace and in war. For many long years she 
has endcavored to stay the tide of disaffection and 
alienation between the two sections. She has 
been truly the keystone of the Federal arch, and 
the bulwark of the rights of her sisters. Like 
some mighty peninsula between two heaving 
seas, she has resisted and rolled back the waves 
of discord and strife; but alas! the waves liave 
risen h igher and higher, and she is quite sub- 
merged , until her counsels of peace are powcrlcss. 
For myself, I have but a few days longer to 
serve here, when I shall return to share her fate. 
She is my mother, and I love her with filial affec- 
tion. She has made mc what little I am; and 
though at times she has cherished and caressed, 
and then frowned—whether smilingor fro wnino— 
I love her still. Frowning though last she has 
been just and generous; and come what may— 
peace or war, weal or woe—her cause will be my 
I say to her in this presence, in the touch- 
cause. 
ing language of ineffable love: Whither thou 
goest will go; where thou-' lodgest I will lodge; 
thy people shall be my people; and thy God my 
God." 
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further con- 
sideration of this question be postponed until 
Wednesday, at half past twelve o'clock. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. hope that these res- 
the picture ! Nothing in all the sad consequences 
the mysterious characters on the wall gave the olutions will not be made to give way to the 
of dissolution can be so blastincy and horrible, as affrighted king notice that the time of its down- i E Pacific railroad. 
f will not repeat remarks I 
such a I-var, even though it. presented the hope of fall was at hand. The Athenian Government ex- have heretofore made on this question. The sub- 
reé.stablishing the Union. But how fallacious and 
isted more than twelve times the period which 
jects are both well understood by the Senate, and 
delusive must be the idca of union through such ours has been in existence. The English Govern 
- f hope that that whicl'i relates to the nation and 
rneans! It involves the l)+actice of disunion of the ment has seen over six centuries since the days do l)0t wish to underrate, nor do I underrate, 
Union is gone forever. What would be the pur- 
seen one. Could it be now saved and recon- the importance of that bill. 
