496 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 21. 
go. Then the good sense of nations will return, 
when passion -has subsided, and a union may be 
restored or reconstructed, which never can be 
done if the mad passions of the day prevail '„vhich 
secm now to prevail at the North. 
I am sorry 
to detain the Senate thus long; but I confess that 
I fclt anxious to expose to the constituents of the 
honorable Senator froni Pennsylvania, as well as 
to my own, that in the present posture of the 
country, I and those with whom I stand ask no 
excuse for leaving this Union; but we shall be 
deeply grateful, as after ages will be, to him, if he 
will give us an excuse to remain. 
Mr. HALE obtained the.floor. 
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from, New Hampshire is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. CAMERON. I hope he will give way to 
allow me to say another word. 
M". HALE. I have already given way once, 
and half the Senate has spoken on that leave. 
Mr. CAMERON. hope 1 shall be allowed to 
say a word. If I am interrupted now in the thread 
of my discourse, shall forget all about it, and 
not be able to say anything at all. 
Mr. HALE. Go on. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from New Hampshire give way? 
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir. 
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, 1 am very 
sorry that the Senator from Virginia took the 
trouble to tell us what will be the resultsofa sep- 
aration of this Union. The discussion between 
him and me is a very small affair, which I thought 
would have pdssed with a w•ord or two from him; 
but when he goes on to talk about the North, 
charging them with treason, bloodshed, and war, 
i Inust be compelled to say a word. 
Mr. MASON. I charged no treason. 
Mr. CALVIERON. 1 think you talked about 
I took down thc word at the time. 
1 
treason. 
have paid earnest attention to this discussion frorn 
the commencement of our meeting here. 
never heard in this Senate, on this side of it, a 
single man talk about treason in regard to this 
question. No man here on this side has ever 
talked about eighteen million aoai nst nine million. 
On the contrary, everybody on this side has been 
for peace, and particularly desirous that nobody 
here should give offense to the other side. T liat 
is the feeling of my State, and that is the fu21ing 
Now, if there is to be war, the gentlemen on 
the other side, and especially the gentleman from 
Virginia, bring upon us this Virginia has 
been looked up to as the mother of States and 
statesmen. We, who profess democratic princi-- 
ples, have loved i'ler and ber principles; and when 
she becomes recreant to hcr principles and to the 
Constitution of the country, then we may look 
for trouble. I tell you that no one in Pennsylva- 
nia—al'ld I only speak for hcr—cvcr thinks of war; 
but if war must come, we will meet it ns becomes 
men. But, sir, we will 
(Five up not only our pre- 
judiccs, but our feelings; and, as I said before, 
even a portion of our principles on this subject of 
slavery, to gratify the South. 
This country has been controlled for seventy 
years by the slaveholding interest. 
I have never 
desired, and no man of common sense in my State 
has over desired} to bring thc into equality 
with the white man. No man ever dreamed of 
liberating the slaves in the southern States. We 
object to southern statesmen and southern poli- 
ticians and southern intriguants working upon the 
prejudices of their people, so as to make them be- 
lieve the whole North were combined against their 
interests, for the purpose of elevating their men 
to high places in this Union, That is the fecling 
we have. Why, sir, upon cvcry occasion, in the 
last thirty years, the interests of Pennsylvania 
have been stricken down by the South every- 
where. When the interests of' Pennsylvania came 
up for discussion, southern men voted against us; 
and yct we have stood by tl-kC South and by the 
Union; because we loved the Union, and because 
we had our ancient feelings for the South, and a 
fraternal love for southern tnen. 
'I 'he Scnator frorn Virginia knows I am no 
He said so much in reply to me that I 
speaker. 
have forgotten what he did say; but I desire to 
say now, in short, that if this Union falls, it will 
be no act of ours: it will be no act of the North. 
their wrongs are imaginary; and as a proof of it, 
it they will bring forward any projet upon which 
they will call this question settled, the North wili 
cornc in and sustain it. Tell us what you want; 
tell us what your wrongs are; and then ask us to 
redress them. You cannot-drive us to madness 
by bullying us; because we are your equals. We 
do not undertake coercion, nor war, because we 
believe you are as brave as we are; but if you 
want this Union preserved, let us know wherein 
we have done wrong, and we will' try to cor- 
rect it. 
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 think, sir, if the Sena- 
tors on this side of the Chamber, and the Sena- 
tors on the other side, would imitate the very 
laudable spirit manifested by the Senator from 
Pennsylvania, who has just taken his seat, cer- 
tainly this Government would suffer no detri- 
ment, butl think great good might result to our 
common country. I see nothing in the remarks 
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. CAM- 
ERON,] that justifies the spirit of this debate. 
I 
look at it as an omen of good. It cornes from the 
Senator ofa great State; a State which, perhaps, 
can do as much as any other to quiet the public 
mind, and restore peace and harmony to a now 
distracted country. Sir, I believe that the Sena- 
tor from Pennsylvania was sincere when he de- 
clared his willingness to do everything in his 
power to save the Union of these States ; and though 
It may be true that four or five States may have 
declared themselvesouto? this Union, if the other 
side of the Chamber Will meet this question in the 
same spirit in which it has been met by the Sen- 
ator from Pennsylvania, the Union will not be 
permanently dissolvcd, but it x.vill continue in the 
future, as it has been in the past, not only— 
A union of Ia kes, and a union of lands, 
A union which none *halt sever;" 
But it will be— 
A union of hearts, and a union or hands, 
And a union of States forever." 
I therefore invoke Senators on both sides to 
imitate the laudable spirit rnanifested by the 
Senator from Pennsylvania. Let us raise our- 
selves to the height of this o•rcat avgumor)t, and 
the people of the whole country, North and South , 
East and Wost, will say, not only that. we have 
manifested the right diÅposition, but that dispo- 
sition which will inure not only to our own ben- 
efit, but to the benefit, o? all aces to come. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the question? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the 
Senator Croni Massachusetts, that this subject be 
postponed until »v7ednesday, at half past twelve 
o 'clock. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. And the reason as- 
signed is, that the Pacific railroad bill is set for 
to-morrow. Sir, I do not intend to continue this 
debate. The question probably is ill the hands I 
of the friends who sit on my left, [alluding to the 
Republican Senators.] -W hether this great sub- 
II ject shall be postponed, and a preference (Yiven to 
the railroad bill, I hope gentlemen will think upon 
tion and more disunion, I trust we shall come to- 
gether in peace and brotherhood as we have here- 
tofore. 
I do not to continue t.his discussion. I 
hope that the motion to postpone will not pre- 
vail. Sir, it may be of very little consequence 
whether it does or not; it may be in reality of but 
very little significance; but it will strike the pub- 
lic mind as inauspicious. 
It will harden public 
feeling North and South, to see this manner of 
I hope we shall con•• 
treatment of. the subject. 
tinue at it until we sball arrive at some decision; 
and I trust that that decision will be one of a con- 
ciliatory and compromising character. With this 
hope, I oppose this motion to postpone. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 move that the Senate ad- 
journ. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. POLK in 
the chair.) Will the Senator withdraw that mo- 
tion for a few moments? The Chair would like 
to present a number of House bills which have 
been brought in, that they may be read a first 
and second time, and appropriately referred. 
BILLS REFERRED. 
The following bills and joint resolutions from 
the House of Representatives were severally read 
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated 
below: 
A bill (No. 833) for the relief of Eben Adams 
—to the Committee on the Post Office and Post 
Roads. 
A bill (No. 899) making appropriations for the 
support of the Army for the year ending June 30, 
1862—to the Committee on Finance. 
A bill (No. 275) for the relief of tho children 
of Lieutenant Nathaniel Smith, deceased—to the 
Committee on Pensions. 
A bill (No. 299) for the payment of expenses 
incurred in the suppression of Indian hostilities in 
California—to the Committee on Military Affairs 
and Militia. 
A bill (No. 94) for the relief of Augustus H. 
the Committee on Claims. 
A bill (No. 263) for the of John John- 
ston, of Ohio—to the Committee on Indian 
Affairs. 
A bill (No. 356) for the relief of the creditors 
of Daniel B. Vondersmith—to the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
A bill (No. 390) for the relief of Stephen Bun- 
nell—to the Committee on Pensions. 
A bill (No. 623) for the relicfof William cow- 
ing—to the Committee on Claims. 
A bill (No. 654) grat')ting a pension to Thomas 
Boodle—to the Committee on Pensions. 
A bill (No. 724) for the relief of Sampson Stan- 
fill—to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
A bili (No. 740) granting an increase of pension 
to W. McKee, widow of Colon William 
R. McKee, of the V*cond regiment Centucky 
volunteers—to the Committee on Pensions. 
A bill (No. 858) granting a pension to Rufus 
L. Harvey—to the Committee on Pensions. 
A bill (No. 876) for the benefit of Gabriel J. 
as it is and as it must be viewed by the country. Johnston 
'—to the Committee on Private Land 
Do you intend, gentlemen, do you desire—I am Claims. 
sure you do not—to manifest to the country your 
A bill (No. 926) granting an invalid pension 
indifFerenee to the great question of the settlement 
to Peter Navarre—to the Committee on Pen- 
of our national difficulties? 
Is it indifference to sions. 
the Uni01F That is the question. 
I hope you' A bill (No. 941) for the relief of James M. 
will decide it. 
I shall be content to see every Adams, Henry D. McKinney, and William D. 
question of this sort in your hands, and to be de- Adams—to the Committee on Clairns. 
cided by you. Notwithstanding all tho votes A bill (No. 942) for the relief of Sallie C. North- 
that have been given, I, gentlemen, have confi- I 
rup—to the Committee on Public Lands. 
dence in you. I think I can answer the question A biil (No. 943) to provide for bringing up the 
of my honorable friend from Virginia when arrearæres of the land offce at Olympia, Wash- 
he makes the question of who is here for the . ington Territory—to the Committee on Public 
I hope we who are now here, and every Lands. 
Union. 
A joint resolution (No. 51) repealing a joint 
01)e of us, will continue to the er)d of the session ; 
and hope that in the mean t.irne we shall have resolution to thc claim of George Fisher, 
reestablished the bonds of national and fraternal deceased, late of Florida, approved June l, 1860 
brotherhood. I hope that we shaH see returning —to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
those who have gone out of this Chamber, and 
A joint resolution (No. 59) authorizing Com- 
that we shall mect rejoiced in that reunion which 
modore H. Paulding to receive a sword and a 
is to take place. This must be by some action grant of land awarded to him by the Republic of 
done on tl-ie part Congress, to satisfy, it may the Committee on Foreign Rela- 
i be, the susceptibilities, to satisfv the apprehen- 
tions. 
sions, to satisfy the claims, of illose who have The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
I think it wilt cost nothing to grant this. is now on the motion of the Senator from Ken- 
gone. 
[I-link it will be granted, notwithstanding all the 
tuck y, that the Senate adjourn. 
inauspicious appearances here presented. think The motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
We have committed no 
I believe I i we shall reunite here again, After more separa- adjourned. 
