THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
MONDAY, January 21, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. 
The Journal of Saturday last was read and 
approved. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House a communication from the Sec- 
retary of State, stating that the Secretary of State, 
in obedience to the act to regulate and fix the com- 
pensation of clerks in the different offces, ap- 
proved April 20, 1818, and to the eleventh section 
of " An act legalizing and making appropriations 
for such necessary objects as have usually been 
included in thc general appropriation bills, with- 
out authority of law, und to fix and provide for 
certain incidental expenses of the Departments 
and offcers, and for other purposes,' approved 
August 26, 1852, respectfully reports the accom- 
panying statements (A, B, and C) containincr, in 
addition to the information required by those acts, 
that called for by a resolution of the I-louse of 
Representatives, of January 13, 1846', which com- 
munication was laid on the table, and ordered to 
be printed. 
COMMUNICATION FROM CERTAIN MEMBERS. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House the following communication: 
WASHINGTON CITY, January 
SIR : Having received infönnation that the State of Ala- 
batna, through a convention representing her sovereignty, 
has adopted and ratified an ordinance, by which she " witi)- 
draws from the Union of' the United States of America," 
and resumes the powers heretofore delegated to the Fed- 
era} Government, it proper that we should counnunicatc 
the sa:ne to you, and through you to the House ot• Repre- 
sentativcs, over which you preside, and announce our 
withdrawal frorn the furtfit•r deliberations of that body. 
'I'l•je causes which, in the judgment of our State, rendered 
such action necessary, we need not relate. It is suflicient 
to say, that duty requires our obedience to her sovereign 
will, and that we shall return to our honnes, sustain her 
action, and share the fortunes of her people. 
We have- the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient 
GEORGE S. HOÜSTON, 
servants, 
SYDENHAM MOORE, 
DAVID CLOPTON, 
JAMES L. PUGH, 
J. L. M. CURRY, 
JAMES A. STALLWORTH. 
Hon. WII,LiAM PENNINGTON, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
The communication was laid on the table. 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. WINSLOW, by unanimous consent, pre- 
sented to the House the proceedings of a meeting 
held by the citizens of Columbus, North Caro- 
lina, in referencc to the condition of the country; 
which were laid on the table. 
SOLDIERS OF 1812. 
Mr. WINSLOW presented the memorials of 
John Atkinson and others, citizens of North Car- 
olina, in relation to the granting of pensions to 
soldiers engaged in the war of 1812; which were 
referred to the Committee on Claims. 
JOHN E. DARROW AND OTHERS. 
Mr. WOODSON. I move that the Committee 
of the Whole I-louse be discharged from the fur- 
ther considcration of the bill of the House No. 
813, for the relief of John E. Barrow and others. 
The bill, which was read, directed that there 
be paid, out of any money in the Treasury not 
otherwise appropriated , to John E. Barrow, James 
Porter, and Aaron A. L. H. Crenshaw, contract- 
ors on mail route 1550, from Kansas city, Mis- 
to Stockton, California, the sum of 
souri, 
$42,616 29, for the actual losses sustained by 
them by the annulment of contract for service on 
said route. 
Mr. THOMAS. 1 object. 
Mr. WOODSON. The gentleman will bear in 
mind that the motion was received by unanimous 
consent. 
The SPEAKER. The bill was only read for 
information. 
Mr. WOODSON. 1 ask the gentleman from 
Tennessee to withdraw his objection und hear the 
32 
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1861. 
report read. I am satisfied that if he will hear 
that, and also the statement of the gentleman from 
California, '.vho made the report, he will with- 
drattv his objection. 
Mr. THOMAS. There is no gentleman in the 
House whom I would sooner accommodate than 
the gentleman from Missouri; but I intend to 
malce an objection to this kind of legislation, and 
to the passage of all bills, unless they are regu- 
larly reached. 
PILESDNTATION OF A MEMORIAL. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask leave to present the 
House the memorial of certein Methodist clergy- 
mcn of my State, and ask that it be read. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object. Clergymen should 
attend to their own duties, without interfering 
with the legislation of tho country. 
The SPEAKER. It will be on the table. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. And be printed. 
Mr. BURNETT. its being printed. 
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman might state 
the nature of the proposition. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is a memorial, setting 
forth certain facts. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object to the reception of 
the memorial. 
The SPEAKER. is made to its 
reception, it cannot be received. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. The is couched in 
respectful language, and is from certain Method- 
ist clergymen of State; and to the presenta- 
tion of that memorial the gentleman from Ken- 
tuck y objects. 
Mr. BURNETT. Inasmuch as the gentleman 
from Illinois has made a statement, desire to 
say that I think the House of Representatives 
capable of rnanacring the legislation of the coun- 
all due respect to the clergymen 
try; and, with 
of the country, I must say that, if they would 
attend to their duties in their own sphere, it would 
be more proper than to interfere with thc legisla- 
tion of Congress. For that reason. •I object to 
the rece )tion of the memorial. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will say that thc memorial 
is in relation to religious persecutions, from which 
those clergymen arc suffering; one of their num- 
ber having b6en hung for his religious opinions, 
and they ask for protection. 
Mr. BURNETT. have no objection, if the 
memorial be in relation to religious persecution, 
to its being received, and laid on the table. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. And printed? 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 object to the printing. 
The memorial was laid on the table. 
Mr. FLORENCE, by unanimous consent, pre- 
sented to the House the memorial of sundry cit- 
izcns of Philadelphia, in reference to the condi- 
tion of the country, many of which memorialists 
voted for the President elect. 
The memorial was laid on the table. 
PRINTING OF EXTRA DOCUMENTS. 
Mr. MORSE, .by unanimous consent, offered 
the following resolution: 
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of-this I-louse 
three thousand extra copies Ote the report from the execu- 
tivc dcpartnnent on the subject of the African slave trade, 
laid betörc the, House durilig the present session, in answer 
to a resolution passed at the first session of the present 
Congress. 
Mr. MAYNARD. In that connection Iwould 
like to know whether the document itself has been 
printed; that is, the original number of copies? 
Mr. MORSE. It is now in the hands of the 
Printer. It was sent in three weeks since. I have 
numerous letters from thc presidents of coloniza- 
tion societies, arid from others, asking for copies 
of that report; and, unless we print extra copies, 
we cannot supply the demand. 
The resolution was referred, under the rule, to 
the Committec on Printing. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 for the regular order 
of l)usiness. 
The SPEAKER. The of busi- 
ness is the call of committees for reports of bills 
for reference. 
The list of committees was then called. 
NEW SERIES...'..NO. 32. 
LOGAN IIUNTON. 
Mr. BINGHAM. A or ten days ago 
re orted, from the Committee on the Judiciary, 
a, oint resolution for the relief of Logan •Hunton , 
of Louisiana. I now ask the 
of the House to put that 
passage. The relief which the resolution grants 
the claimant is recommended by the SecretaryOf 
the Interior and by the Comptroller of the Treas- 
ury. There can be no doubt about its propriety ; 
arid I ask:thdt the resoluti(Ri be put upon its pas- 
sa e. 
fin. BURNETT. Is that the regularorderof 
business? 
The SPEAKER. It is not. 
Mr. BURNETT. Then 1 insist upon thcxeg- 
ular order. 
JAMES o'BRIEN. 
oar. HUGHES, from the Committee on Mili• 
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the rélief of James 
O'Brien, latc lieutenant of company E of tho Dis- 
ti•ict of Columbia and Maryland regiment of Vol- 
untecrs in the Mexican war, and others; which was 
read a first and second time, referred to a Commit- 
tee of the W hole House , and, with the accompany- 
ing report, ordered to be printed. 
GENERAL A. HENDERSON. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, from the Com- 
mittec on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the 
settlement of the accounts of General A. Hen- 
derson; which was read a first and second time, 
referred toa Committee of the Whole House, and, 
with the accompanying report, ordered to be 
printed. 
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN NEBRASKA. 
Mr. WALDRON, from the Committee on Ter. 
ritories reported a bill appropriating money for 
the redemption of the outstanding scrip issued by 
the city of Omaha applied to the erection of the 
capital in Nebraska; which was read a first and 
second time, referred to the Committee of the 
W.hole on the state of the Union, and- ordered to 
bc printed. 
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN WASHINGTON. 
Mr. PERRY, from the same committee, re- 
ported a bili appropriating money for the erection 
of public buildings in the Territory of Washing- 
ton; which was read a first and second time, re- 
ferred«to the Committee of the -Whole on the state 
of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
MARY BLATTENBURGER. 
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Inva- 
lid Pensions, reported a bill gi•anting a pension 
to Mary Blattenburger, widow of John Blatteli- 
burger; .which wag read a first and second time, 
referred to a Committee of the -Whole House, 
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be 
printed. 
MARY W. KINDER. 
On motion of Mr. FENTON, the Committee 
on -Invalid Pensions was discharged from the fur- 
ther consideration ofa bill for the relief of Mary 
W. Kinder; and the same was referred to the 
Committee on Public Lands. 
LARKIN TALLY. 
On motion of Mr. STOKES, by the unanimous 
consent of the . House, the Committee of the 
Whole House was discharged from the further 
consideration of House bill No. 925, -granting 
an invalid pension to Larkin Dally', of Tennessee; 
and the same was referred back to the Conimittee 
on Invalid Pensions. 
PATENT OFFICE REPORT. 
I move that 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
thc Committee on Printing report to -this House 
the reasons why the mechanical -portion of ihe 
Patent Office Report has not been printed and 
I delivered. 
The motion was agreed to. 
SELECT COMMITTEE. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigani 1 am instructed 
