498 
THE CONGRfiSSiONAL GLOBE. 
January 21, 
by the geléct COmmittee of which I, am Chairman 
to offer the following resolution: 
Resolved, That- the speciäl committee. to whom xvas re- 
ferred the President's Inessage of the (3th instant have leave 
to sit düring the sessions of-this House ; and that they have 
leave to repori from time to time, in their discretion. 
V,JINSLOW.' 1 object to 
sir. 
THOMAS LAURENT. 
On motion of Mr. WALTON, the Committee 
of Claims was discharged from the- further con- 
sideration of the petition of Thomas Laurent; 
and the same was referred to the Committee on 
Military Affairs. 
BRAGG. 
Mr. WALTON, from the Committee ofClaims, 
made an adverse report on the memorial of Henry 
Bragg; which was laid upon the table, and ordered 
to be printed. 
HARRIS AND BUTTERWORTH. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, from the Committee 
on the Post Offce and Post Roads, reported back 
Senate bill No. 23, for the relief of Atnold Har- 
ris & Samuel F. Butterworth, and asked that the 
same be put u on its passage. 
Mr. THOIVPAS. 1 must object to that. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 'The bili is unani- 
monsly reported from the Committee on the Post 
OMcc and Post Roads; it passed the Senate unan- 
imously last session. 
Mr. THOMAS. I have no objection to hearing 
the report read. 
The Clerk read the bill. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
If the gentleman 
from Tcnnessec will give me his attention for a 
moment, I think I can satisfy him that he ought 
to vote for this bill. 
Mr. THOMAS. Let the report be road first, 
and then I will listcn to the gentlcman. 
The Cleik proceeded to road a rcport made in 
the Senate. 
Mr. HICKMAN. That is not the I-louse 
report. There is a report from the Judiciary 
Committee of the House 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
If the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania will allow mc to make a state- 
ment one minute long, I will satisfy him that the 
bill ought to pass. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the rcgular order 
of business. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
I wish to inquire 
if it is in order for me to move to suspend the 
rules ? 
The SPEAKER. Not now. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Then I beg the 
gentleman from Ohio to let me make a statement 
about a minute long. 
Ski ERMA N. The gentleman ought not 
to ill trade this business upon the hour expressly 
reserved, under the rules, for other business. 
Tho SPEAKER 
proceeded to call the 
States a lid bills and resolutions, 
beginning, where the call was last left off', with the 
State of Indiana. 
POSTAL SERVICE. 
Mr. COLFAX introduced n bill in relation to 
postal service; which was read a first and sccond 
timc. 
Mr. COLFAX. I move that the bill be referred 
to. the Committco on the Post Offe,e and Post 
Roads, 
It is a bill ofa great deal of importance, 
and will probably be called up at an early day, if' 
the committee. shall agree to report it back. 
It is 
very brief, and I hope that it will be read, so that 
gentlemen may understand it. 
The bill was read, as follows: 
Mlhcreas several States of the Union, the judges, dis- 
trict attorneys, and marshais, cornrnissioned by t.lze Gov- 
ernment o? the United States tor said States, have resigned 
their oiliecs, and it appears impracticable, in consequence 
of revolutionary proceedings therein, (o fill tho vacancies 
thus created ; and whereas tbc Government of the United 
States is thus withont any Ineans ot• collcctingor enforcintr 
in such Stat.os the pa.vlnént of the postal revenues from the 
oftiecrs coileeting the same, or of punishing of 
the postal 
laws, cornmittcd by robberies of the tnai\s, or 
otherwise. or of enforcing the perfonnance of :nail con- 
tracts: Therefore, 
Be it enacted, 'Ithat in all States which are or may here- 
after be situated as above, the Postrnas•ter General is hereby 
directed 
to disconiinue thc postal service for such period 
of titnc as, his.jud-nnent, the public interest may require, 
and shall report his action to Congress. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. How does 
that bill here ? 
The SPEAKER. It is introduced upon a reg- 
ulm•. call in the regular order of business. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 think it be better to 
refer that bill to thc select committee of five, to 
whom this whole class of subjects has been re- 
ferred by an order of the House. I think- incorr 
venience will result from distributing them out to 
the standing committees, when the whole subject 
has been referred to a select committee. 
1 think 
the gentleman from Indiana had better move to 
refer his bill to the select committee. 
Mr. COLFAX. I prefer its reference to the 
standing committee; and I assure the gentleman 
that, if it shall be favorably reported on, he shall 
have on opportunity to be heard. The rcason 
why it is introduced is simply because we have 
no means of protecting our inails in those regions. 
I insist on my motion that the bill be referred to 
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. 
Mr. BRANCH. Well, Mr. Speaker, 1 cannot, 
perhaps, give fully the reasons -why I desiro that 
the bill shall go to the select committee of five; 
but this whole class of subjects has been referred 
I the motion that the 
to that committee. 
bill be'referred to the select committee of five. 
MI'. COLFAX. By the rules, when two mo- 
tians to refer are made, a motion to refer to a 
standing committee takes precedence. 
The SPEAKER. That is so. 
The question was taken on Mr. COLFAX's mo- 
tion; and it was agreed to. 
So the bill was referred to the Committee on the 
Post Offce and Post Roads. 
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by 
'Which the bill was so referred; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table. 
T hc latter motion was agreed to. 
CRITTENDEN ADJUSTMENT. 
Mr. EfGLISH offered the following resolu- 
lion, and moved the previous question on its adop- 
lion : 
thc present alarming condition of the 
Resolved, , 
country imperatively de.lnands that Congress should take 
irrnnediate eteps to preserve the peace and maintain the 
Union, by rernovin«y as far as possible, all causes of irrita- 
tion and division ; and to that end patriotislll should protnpt 
a cheerful surrender of all partisan prejudices and Illinor 
diflu•cnce.s of' opinion ; aud this ifoase, believing the plan 
of adjustment proposed by Mon. JOHN J. CRITTENDEN, in 
the Senate, Deccnlber 16, 1860, would be an equitable an(l 
honorable involving no sacrifice to any party 
or sectio.n that. should not be madc for the sakc 
of the incstitnable blessings of peace and a united country, 
hereby instruct the eoinmittce of thirty-three herctoforc ap- 
pointed by the Honsc to report, without delay, the neees- 
sary measures to carry that plan into practical effect. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I presume that resolution 
is introduced simply for reference. 
Mr. ENGLISH. It is an expression of opin- 
ion by this House, and I wish to havc it voted on 
now. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Is U a joint resolution 
a sinu.)lc resolution ot• this House ? 
Mr. ENGLISH. 
It is u simple resolution in. 
dorsi ng the CRITT F.NDF,N compromise, the poin ts of' 
which are wt-:ll known to all Incn in the country. 
The SPEAKER. we calling 
States for resolutions, under the following rule of 
the House: 
Reports from committees having been presented and 
disposed of, the Speaker shall cali fbr resolutions fram thc 
menibers of each State and Delegates t'rom cach Territory, 
beginnina with Maine and the 'Derritory last organized al-- 
ternatcly; and they Shail not be debated on thdvery day of' 
their being presented ; 
nor on any day assigned by the 
House för• the 
receipt of resolutions, unless where the 
[louse shall direct otherwi$,e, but shall lic on the table to 
be taken up in the order in ivhich they wcrc presented; 
and if on any day the whole of the States and 'I'en•itories 
shall not bc called, the Speaker shall hegirl on the next day 
where hc lott otrthe day ; 
provided that rnæn- 
ber shall Offer Inot•e than one 
resolution, or series of 
resolutions, all relating to (lie s:unc sab.ieet„ until all thc 
States and 'Territories have been called. 
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. 
Is the reso- 
lution open for discussion : 
The SPEAKICR. 
No, Sir. 
Mr. WASHBURNF„ of Ifthe House 
refuse to second the previous question, I propose 
to discuss the resolution. 
IVIr, ENGLISH. 
I hope the other side of the 
House will giyc us an opportunity of voting on 
Mr. GROW. I suppose, the resolution goes 
over. 
The SPEAKER. If any propose 
to debate the resolution, it lies over. 
Mt. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose to 
discuss it. 
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution lies 
over. 
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 wish to call the 
of tho country to the fact that the Republican side 
of the House will not even allow us to have a 
vote upon the proposition. 
Mr. GROW. The. Republican side of the 
House will vote svhen it pleases them. 
RICSOLUTIONS OF A CONVENTION IN ILLINOIS. 
Mr. FOUKE. I ask •Icavc to prcscnt a scries 
of resolutions, adopted in a convention in the State 
of Illinois. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. 1 object to 
their reception. 
The SPEAKER. They cannot be received if 
objected to. 
SUPPRESSION OF IIOSTILFA EXPEDITIONS. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, offered the 
inff resolution; which was read, considered, and 
agreed to: 
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and 
are hereby, specially instructed to inquire into the expe- 
diency and necessity of reporting a bill arnendatory of the 
laws now in force, providing Ibr the suppression of hostile 
expeditions within the limits of the United States against 
friendly or neutral Powers, so as to make it a penal offense 
for any person or persons within the IJnited States to fit 
out such expeditions within gneh St.ates to aid or abet the 
poopie ofa State which has declared itselfout ot the Union, 
and occupying a position outside or or hostiie to the right- 
ful authorities and laws thereof. 
RAILROAD GRANT IN MISSOURI. 
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, 
duced a bill to amend the act entitled ' 'An act 
granting the right of way in the State of Missouri, 
and a portion of the public lands, to aid il) the 
construction of certain railroads in said State;" 
which was read a first and second time. 
Mr. PHELPS. desire the attention of the 
I-louse for one moment to statement of the ob- 
ject of this bill. 
If there bc objection to its con- 
sideration now, I will, as a matter of course, let 
it go to the Committee on Public Lands. The 
object of this bill is to extend the time within 
which a railroad company in Missouri may claim 
a grant Df land madc to aid in its construction. 
The tilnc limited in the act was ten years. 
proposed now to extend the time for five years 
more. That is an that is in the bill, and it is im- 
portant that it should be passed. 
Mr. STANTON. Tins subject of extending 
the time of railroad grants is a very important 
question, and I think this bill had better go to the 
Committee on Public Lands. 
Mr. PHELPS, I will merely remark to the 
gentleman from Ohio that the bill expressly de- 
clares that il shall have the same effect as if the 
term of fifteen years had been originally inserted. 
Mr. STANTON There may be no objection 
to 1 hc itself; but I prefer that it shouül go to 
the Comrnitt.ec 0") Public Lands. 
The bill was referred to the Committee on Public 
Lands. 
Mr. VANDEVER offered the followino reso- 
lutions: 
Resolved, That the Constitution confers upon the Gen- 
eral Govern!nent no power to interfere with the condition 
of persons held to service or labor in the several States of 
this Union under the laws thereot 
Resolvcd, 'I'hat svbatever Inay bc the power of the Gcn- 
cral Govertunent, or of a territorial government over sla- 
very, or involuntary servitude in the territories, forts, ar- 
senals, and dock-yards of the Union, or in the District of 
Columbia, the exercise of such power can afiörd no just 
ground for a dissolution of this Union, 
Resoh:ed, That the Constitution of the United States 
and the laws made in pursuance thereof, are paramount to 
any State legislation. 
Resotu•ed, That it is not expedient to propose amend- 
ments to the Federal Constitution at Ibis time. 
Resolved, '-Phat a aovernrncnt desicrned v,'ithout power 
• to maintain its authority, execute its laws, and protect its 
i property, is not fit to be maintained. 
this proposition, 
Mr. BRANCH. those resolutions will 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. CRAIG, of/ be put upon then• passage now. 
Missouri, and SPINNER were appointed. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 would bo glad to have 
The House divicied; and the tellers reported— 
the resolutions read again. I am anxious to have 
ayes 60, noes 92. 
a vote taken on all these propositions. 
So t.he previous question was not seconded. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 desire to say, in regard 
