1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
499 
to these resolutions, that I prepared them some 
tirne ago, and had intended, when I should offer 
them, to move the previous question on their 
adoption. But in consequence of thc report from 
the committee of thirty-three being pending to- 
day, and as it embraces the identical quesiions 
involved in these resolutions, I am, for my own 
part, willing that they should lic on the table. 
Mr. RUFFIN.. Let us have a vote on them. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 believe,Mr. Speaker, that 
these resolutions are now before. the House. 
The SPEAKER. the House. 
Mr. BURNETT. Then demand the 
i am willino• 
vious question on the resolutions. 
to give the gentleman a vote upon them. We 
on this side are anxious to vote upon them. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 call for a division of tho 
resolutions. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 desire to that 1 do 
not wish to interfere with the consideration of the 
report of the committee of thirty-three, and I am 
therefore willing to withdraw the resolutions. 
Mr. KILLINGER. not an objection to 
the resolutions prevent them from coming to a 
vote in the House? 
The SPEAKER. The resolutions have been 
withdrawn. 
N"lr. BRANCH. Can a resolution bc with- 
drawn after the previous question has been called? 
The SPEAKER. it is competent for the gen- 
tleman to withdraw the resolutions. 
Mr. BURNETT. swell, sir, 1 am very sorry 
that gentlemen upon the other side of tho Housc 
have become afraid of their own propositions. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We arc fol- 
lowing the example set us by your side of the 
House. 
PAY OF A CLERK. 
Mr. CURTIS. I present the following resolu- 
tion : 
Resoh•cd, That the Corrnnittee of Accounts be author- 
ized to audit, and thc Clerk of the I-louse to pay, for the 
services of the clerk of' the select committee of this House 
on the Pacific railroad, at the usual rate of cmnpensation 
paid to clerks of the colnmittees of this House. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 have no objection to that, 
if a proviso shall be inserted that the compensation 
shall be paid upon the certificatc of thc chairman 
of the committec as to the services which have 
been performed. 
Mr. CURTIS. I have no objection to that. I 
accept the amendment. 
There being no objection, the resolution, as 
modified, was-adopted. 
TIIE UNION. 
Mr. N I BLACK. I ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the House to present the resolutions of a 
meeting of the workingmen of Evansville, Indi- 
ana, recommend ing, among other things, the adop- 
tion of the Crittenden amcndrnent. The resolu- 
tions meet with my warmest approbation; and I 
arn prepared, so far as I am concerned, to do all 
I can to curry their recommendations into prac- 
tical effect. 
The resolut.ions were laid on the table, and 
ordered to be printed. 
WA'IROUS CASE. 
Mr. HAMILTON: 1 offer the following res- 
olution, and call the previous question upon it: 
Resolved, That the consideration of the report of the Com- 
mittee on tl'1C Judiciary, in the case of J. C. Watrous, dis- 
[rict judge of the United States for the eastern district of 
'I'exas, be made tine special order Monday, the 28th in- 
stant, immediately after the expiration of thc morning hour ; 
and that the consideration of the same bc continued frorn 
day to day until disposed of. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 object. 
Mr. HAMILTON. Is not the resolution regu- 
larly before the House? 
The SPEAKER. It requires the unanimous 
consent of the House to make a special order. 
The' hour of one having arrived, the special order 
is the report of the committee of thirty-three, upon 
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. CORWIN] is 
entitled to the floor. 
DISTRICT MILITIA. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 ask my colleague to allow 
me to introduce a bill to amend an actentitled An 
act more effectually to provide for the organiza- 
approved 
tion of the militia of the. District," 
March 3, 1803. I will ask that the bill may be, 
read, and I am sure there will be no objection to it. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 
Mt. STANTON. I hope the gentleman will Maryland to withdraw his motion, Ito enable me 
simply to present a proposition asan amendment 
allow the bill to be road. 
to the propositions re orted by thegentleman from 
Mr. BURNETT. lob.icct. The laws on 
your statute-books are suffcient in reference to Ohio, [Mr. CORWIN. I do_not propose Vhatthey 
shall be voted on to-night. I merely désire to 
that. subject. 
Nfr. STANTON. I pnovc to suspend the rules. 
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order 
at this lime. 
CRITTENDEN PROPOSITIONS, 
Mr. FLORENCE.' 1 desire to raise a question 
of order in relation to that very thing. On last 
Monday I submitted a certain resolution embod y- 
ing substantially what arc known as the Critten- 
den propositions, and moved to suspend the rules 
In my judgrnent, 
to enable me to introduce it. 
that is the first thing in order after the expiration 
of thc morning hour to-day. I will defer to the 
I will not 
decision of the Chair on that subject. 
appeal from his decision; but I desire, before the 
consideration of thc spccial order begins, that the 
Housc shall vote upon a suspension of the rules, 
for the purpose of ascertaining the opinion of 
members upon the subject of the Crittenden prop- 
ositions, which, as I have said, is, in my judg- 
mcnt, now thc Inatter proper before the House. 
Mr. PHELPS. If the from Penn- 
sylvania, on last Monday, submitted a motion to 
suspend the rules, which motion was pending 
When the House adjourned on that day, I think 
the rnolion is now before the I-louse fn•sl in order. 
I do not know what may be the fact; but if it bc 
such, that motion must come. up in order now. 
The SPEAK F.R. The Chair supposes the 
special order must override everything else. 
Mr. FLORENCE. well, sir, 1 desire to say 
that I hope we may have soon an opportunity of 
voting upon what tho country have determined 
is the proper basis of settlement of the diffculties 
with which wre arc now surrounded. 
Mr. GROW. That is the question we are just 
about to consider in the special order. 
I only say 
Mr. FLORENCE. very well. 
that this proposit.ion ought to be presented, and 
shall be presented, to the House, whenever I can 
have the opportunity of presenting it. 
DISTURBED CONDITION OF THE COUNTRY. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio 
is entitled to tbc floor. 
Mr. VA LLANDIGHAM. If my colleague 
svill yield to me for a moment, I propose to offer 
a•.re _)iution to suspend the hoar rule so far as it 
I gave notice in the last 
to this question. 
session of a motion to amend the rules in this 
particular; and I bring the rnatter up now to avoid 
difficulty. I offer the followin«y resolution: 
Resolved, 'I'hat during the present session the rule limit- 
ing debate to onc hour shall not, except in the Committee 
or the Whole on the state ot• the Union, apply to the debate 
upon bills or joint. resolutions proposing action by 
in relation to the present crisis of the country. 
I object. 
Mr. FARNSM./ORTI-I. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. rprefet•toabolish 
the hour rule altogether; but in defercnce to the 
objections or gentlemen to so sweeping a propo- 
sition, I confine it only to the dcbate upon the 
I hope there will be. no 
pending propositions. 
obiection to It. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 object. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. then, 
that I shall object to any exception being madc 
to thc rule. 
Mr. S'I'OUT. I ask the unanimous consent of' 
the House to introduce the followincr resolution; 
Resolved, That the Military Committec have leave to 
report Senatc bill No. II, providing for the payrnent of the 
Washington and ( war debt, and that said bill be the 
special order for Thtn:sday of' next week. 
Mr. ELY. 1 object. 
Mr. FLORENCE, Before the gentleman from 
Ohio proceeds, I desire to ask when we can have 
a vote upon the motion to suspend tho rules which 
made on last Monday. 
The SPEAKER. Whenever it is in order to 
move to suspend the rules. That is as definite 
information as the Chair is able to give. 
Mr. CORWIN and Mr. MILLSON addressed 
the House for overan each. [Their speeches 
will be published in the Appendix.] 
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor, but yield- 
ed to 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, who moved that 
the House adjourn. 
II Mr. SICKLES. 1 ask the gentleman from 
have the motion entered. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Why,Mt. 
is nothing before the House which the gentleman 
from New York can move to amend. 
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle- 
man from New York, the Chair thinks, cannot 
be entertaincd at this time. 
Mr. HO WARD, of Michigan. 1 desire to offer 
again thc resolution which 1 proposed this morn- 
ing. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object. 
MESSAGE FROM TliE SENATE. 
A message was received from the Senate, by 
Mr. EIICKEY, their Chief Clerk,- inforrning the 
Housc that the Senatc have ordered to be printed: 
Memorial of the representatives of the Choctaw 
nation of Indians, for payment of an amount due 
under treaty of June, 1855; 
Memorial of the Chamber ofCommerce, of New 
York, relative to the cstablishment of a line of 
mail steamers on the Pacific ocean; 
Message from the Pre.sident, relative to the ap- 
pointment of an acting Secretary of War; 
Resolutions of the Legislature of Ohio, on the 
disturbed state of the country; and 
Report of the Secretary of 'the Senate, showing 
thc names and compensation of the persons em- 
ployed in his ofiice during the year 1860. 
Also, that the President of the United States has 
notified the Senate of his approval of a joint reso- 
lution (S. No. 57) authorizing the Secretary ofthe 
Treasury to permit the owners of the steamboat, 
John C. Frérnont, to change the name of the same 
to that of I'lorizon. 
Also, that the Senato have passed a joint reso- 
lution and a bill, of the following titles; in which 
hc was directed to ask the concurrence of the 
House: 
A joint resolution (S. No. 58) authorizing Lieu- 
tenant T. A. M. Craven, United Stateé Navy, to 
receive marks of distinction tendered him by the 
Spanish Government; and 
An act (S. No. 321) for the relief of Robert A. . 
Matthews. 
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill (H. R. 
No. 23) for the. admission of Kansas into the 
Union, with amendments; in which he was di- 
rccted to ask the concurrence of the House. 
Also, that thc Senate have passed without 
amendment, bills of the following titles: 
An act (H. R. No. 447) for the relief of the chil- 
dren of the late Captain E. A. Capron; 
An act (H. R. No. 428) directing the Secretary 
of the Interior to liquidate the accounts of Mitch- 
ell & Rammilsburg and Baker & Von Phul ; and 
An act (1-1. R. No 127) for the relief of O. F. 
D. Fairbanks, Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific 
Mail Steamship Company, 
ENROLLED BILLS. 
Mr THEAKER from the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported that the Committee had 
examincd, and found truly enrolled, bills of the 
following titles; which thereupon received the 
signature of the Speaker: 
An act (H. R. No. 447) for the relief of the 
children of the late Captain E. A. Capron. 
An act (H. R. No. 428) directing the Secretary 
of thc Interior to liquidate the accounts of Mitchell 
& Rammiisburg, and Baker & Von Phul. 
An act (H. R. No. 127) for the relief0fO. F. P. 
Fairbanks, Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific Mail 
Steamship Company. 
The motion of Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, was 
then agreed to; and thereupon (at ten minutes ufter 
four o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
TUESDAY, January 22, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of yesterday was read. 
COMMITTEE SERVICE. 
Mr. FITCH. 1 move that the Vice President 
be authorized to fill the existing vacancies in the 
committees of the Senate. 
Mr. HALE. i object to that. It requires unan- 
imous consent, I believe. 
