502 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 22, 
and it must be entered there. Otherwise, we do 
not know thc fact that they have resigned in any 
way except as it may be in the minds of individ- 
uals. Now, what did they say? They said that 
in consequence of the act of their States in seced- 
ing from the Union, they were no longer mem- 
bers of this Senate, and withdrew from it—va- 
cated their seats. 
The reason is their own; the actis ours. What 
might have been their own reasoning is for them- 
selves to settle. What they did here, and the 
notice they gave us, are matters for us to under- 
slånd., I take it that no particular form of words 
is necessary to a resignation of an oßice. A man 
need not say that he resigns, in order to make a 
resignation. Any words that he uses, which are 
equivalent to that, are sumcient to convey the 
idea. Now, sir, when a gentleman rises in his 
place in this body and says, For certain reasons 
satisfactory to no reason at all, if 
he am no longer a member of this 
Senate, and I so notify the Senate, and withdraw 
from It;" 
that is a resignation, so far as we are 
concerned. The only question that comes back 
is, is it necessary for him to give notice to the 
bodies that elected him? That is the form; but 
is it the substance? May he not resign here in 
this place, and leave us to notify his State that 
he has resigned his place, instead of resigning 
there and then notifying us that he has sent his 
resignation to the bodies that elected him ? 
Again, I say when a Senator rises in his place 
here and says, " For reasons satisfactory to me, 
I am no longer a member of this Senate; I so no- 
tify the Senate, and withdraw," in my judgment 
he has resigned his seat in the Senate. That is 
my opinion; and it is the same thing if he gives 
a reason the validity of which we do not recog- 
nize in any way. We havc nothing to do with 
his reasons. They are of no consequence what- 
I do not recognize the validity of the 
ever to us. 
reason in this case—I care not for it in a consti- 
tutional sense—but I do think that those Sena- 
tors resigned their seats, and are no longer mem- 
bers of this body; and cannot become so without 
a reelection. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, 1 do not un- 
derstand that those Senators resigned their seats 
yesterday. I do not believe that a resignation 
could be made otherwise than in writing; and the 
very fact of a debate in regard to the effect of their 
speeches yesterday, shows the importance of 
requiring that all such acts should be in writing. 
Those Senators declared that their Stales had 
seceded from this Union; and that, as a necessary 
result of that act, in their opinion, they were 
bound to withdraw. They did not resign their 
seats. There is not one of them, I presume, who 
would not tell you that if he believed his State 
had a right to a seat in the Senate, he was the 
man entitled to it; hut he acted upon the opinion 
that the secession of the Stnte with drew his powers 
as a Senator. He did not resign; he withdrew 
from this body, as a conclusion from that propo- 
sition. 
Now, sir, it seems to me that we have no right 
to treat it as a resignation. I believe they are 
no longer Senators, because I think their States 
have seceded, and thus they have lost their au- 
thority to sit here; but if I believed their States 
had no right to secede, I could not treat the act 
of yesterday as a resignation, and I should feel 
bound to insist that they still were Senators; sub- 
ject to the process of the Senate; subject to be 
recalled through the Sergeant-at-Arms; subject, 
if there were a call of the Senate, to be brought 
here into the Senate as any other Senators; and 
the only reason which I could give for excusin• 
them from the service of such process, would be 
that they had retired bccausc their States had 
withdrawn the authority under which they x,vere 
sitting here. Believing that, I am of the opinion 
that they are not Senators; but. I do not agree 
that. they have resigned, or that a resignation 
could be made in any other way than in writing. 
It is, hoWever, a different affair in regard to the 
committees. The Senate has a right to fili vacan- 
cics, if thcy absent themselves. Their State has 
no particular right in that regard; that is an au- 
thority which they derive through the Senate, and 
liminary question ought to Rive rise to a debate 
on the general question. When that comes up, 
it will be a very serious and a very important de- 
It will then involve the relation of the 
bale. 
States to each other, and to the Federal Govern- 
ment; but, on a mere question of this character, 
I do not see the necessity for that debate. I think 
it is perfectly competent to fill up the committees, 
even in the temporary absence of members. It 
was done three years ago in consequence of the 
sickness of one of the members on the Territo- 
rial Committee. The Senate then, on my mo- 
tion, added another member to the committee, to 
serve during the sickness of that member. Al- 
though I have said that this is not the time to 
debate the general question, I will take this occa- 
Sion to add, that we need not seek to avoid it. 
The Senate will be forced to pass its judgment 
upon that question at some time, and it ought to 
be done after mature reflection, deliberation, and 
investigation. For the present, we had better 
let it pass, merely fill the committees; and when 
that question does come up in its proper shape, it 
will bethoroughlydiscusscd. We cannot avoid it. 
Mr. COLLAIVIER. Will the Chair state the 
question pending? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques- 
tion now pending in reference to vacancies on the 
committees. The Chair considers himself suff- 
ciently instructed by the remarks made by Scna- 
tors on that point. There is, however, a motion 
pending to correct the Journal, made by the Sen- 
ator from Louisiana. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 have reduced my motion 
to writing in this form: I move that the Journal 
of the proceedings of the Senate be so corrected 
as to record the tact that the Senators from the 
States of Florida and Alabama, and Hon. JEF- 
FERSON Davis, Senator of the State of Mississippi, 
madc announccmcnt that thc said States of Flor- 
ida, Alabama, and Mississippi had seceded from 
the Union, had resumed the powers delegated by 
the said several States to the United States of 
America, and that they, the said Senators, con- 
sidered themselves, by reason of said action of 
said States, as being no longer entitled to retain 
their seats as Senators, and accordingly, there- 
upon withdrew from the Senate. 
Mr. SEWARD. Let us have the yeas and 
nays upon that. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to offer a substitute 
for the motion of the Senator from Louisiana. I 
move to strike out all after the word that," and 
insert: 
Mr. DAVIS of Mississippi, Messrs. FITZPATRICK and 
CLAY of Alabama, and Messrs. YULEE and MALLORY of 
Florida, having announced that they were no longer niem- 
bcrs of this body, the vacancies on the committees of which 
they were members be filled. 
Mr. GREEN. The question of vacancies has 
been settled. This is a motion to correct the 
Journal. 
MI'. DOUGLAS. I m.vish to put it upon the 
Journal that they announced their resignation. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator 
from Illinois reduce his proposition to writing? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly; but 
see the amendment of tho Senator from Louisiana. 
Mr. G WIN. Is this a privileged question? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks 
so, as it is •a question in referencc to a correction 
of the Journal. 
Mr. G WIN. I wishcd to call attention to the 
fact that the hour has arrived for the special 
on dm—thc Pacific railroad bill. 
Mr. HUNTER. While are waiting for 
the substitute to be reduced to writing, I will make 
a suggestion to the Senate. 
It seems to me that 
the Journal was made up correctly. Itis the prac- 
tice, in making up the Journal, to record nothinff 
but propositions which have been voted upon. 
No proposition was made to the Senate, in this 
respect, yesterday, and there xvould be great dif- 
ficulty in attempting to state what those gentle- 
men said. They are not herc to correct us. We 
find here, already, a difference as to the facts. 
The Senator from Illinois says, that they stated 
that they were no longer members of th1S body. 
Others of us think they said that their States had 
I withdrawn their powers, and therefore they with- 
not from their State; and the Senate has a perfect I drew. Tho onc would state it as a resitynation Of 
but here we are making up a statement for them 
without having a copy of what they did say. I 
think, therefore, it is better that it should not ap- 
pear on the Journal; but if anything is to appear, 
we should at least have the report of what they 
did say, that we may be accurate in regard to it. 
.We have no right to undertake. to say, for them, 
what they meant to say, and to present the case 
according to our own view of the principle in- 
volved in the subject. 
I think, therefore, it would be better to with- 
draw all propositions for the amendment of the 
Journal for the present. The question will not 
arise practically until we come to the point of 
what constitutes a quorum. Then it may be that 
we may have to consider whether they are mem- 
bers or not, when we come to ascertain how many 
it requires to make a quorum. Otherwise, I do 
not see thc practical effect of deciding the ques- 
I do not see how it is to come up except 
tion. 
in order t.o ascertain how many Senators there 
are, that we may know what makes a quorum. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Under the peculiar cir- 
cumstances of tho case, I should be quite willing 
to leave the matter without any notice at all. The 
Senator from Louisiana, however, makes his mo- 
tion; but I am very glad to see that Senators on 
the other side of the House, who have so much 
to say on this matter of secession, wish to retain 
a kind of locus pcnitentiæ for these gentlemen— 
to let them come back when they get ready. I am 
perfectly willing to leave the whole matter open. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. If a vote is asked for by the 
Senator from Louisiana upon his proposition, I 
move to substitute for it the following: 
Mr. DAX.ns of Mississippi, Messrs. FITZPATRICK and 
CLAY of Alabama, and Messrs. YULEE and MALLORY of 
Florida, announced that they were no longer rnembers of 
the Senate, and withdrew. 
Mr. SEYVARD. I move to lay the subject on 
the table ? 
Mr. FESSENDEN. What subject? 
Mr. SEWARD. The whole subject which we 
have been debating. And on that I ask for the 
yeas and nays. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will observe to the Sen- 
ator that the question must come up to-morrow 
morning again, or can be taken up at any time; 
and therefore it is idle to lay it on the table now. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 it is an unprofitable 
subject at any time, and to-day it is premature. 
We are not prepared to consider it in all it.s as- 
pects; and I believe the time has arrived for the 
special order. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I raise the question whether 
it is in order to move to lay upon the table amo- 
tion to correct the Journal of the Senate of yester- 
day. It strikes me that the proper keeping of bhe 
Journal of each day is required, from the very 
nature of the case, to be determined on the follow- 
in• mornifrf% and that that question cannot bc 
pretermitted by the Senate. The Senate is bound 
by the Constitution to keep a correct Journal of 
its proceedings; and when, on the reading, each 
morning, of the Joürnal of the preceding day, the 
question arises as to thc accuracy of the Journal, 
that question must be determined before we can 
proceed in our business. It is obvious that, other- 
by this system of laying on the table, the 
whole question as to the accuracy of the Journal 
might be kept open until the memory of what 
had occurred would be lost. 
I think it is a ques- 
tion of privilege which requires immediate decis- 
ion, from its very nature. 
Mr. FITCH. Mr. President— 
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion of 
the Chair, thc motion may be made to lay it upon 
the table. 
Mr. FITCH. Then 1 have nothing to say. 1 
think the Journal is right as it is. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to make one remark. 
I think we may as well determine the point now, 
for the reason that it is more than probable that, 
before we adjourn to-day, tho question will arise 
as to whether there is a quorum in the body. It 
, will interrupt us in the business that we are pro- 
ceeding with then, to determine the question of a 
quorum, if we do not decide it now. It was about 
to arise on Saturday evening, and perhaps would 
have arisen, if those gentiemen had then retired, 
on the question how many it takes for a quorum? 
right to treat every absence as a vacancy ona their seats in this body; the other would statc it It may arise in various ways; and I think we 
committee, and to fill it. 
as a withdrawal because of this act of their States. may as well settle it now, as to try to avoid it for 
Mr. GREEN. I do not think that this pre- There is an important difference between the two; a few hours. 
