605 
1861. 
Mr. SEWARD, move, sir---- 
Mr. BENJAMIN. -Mr. President— 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does Senator 
from New York yield to the Senator from Louis- 
iana? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 desire to make a quota- 
tion from the record to correct the Senator from 
Oregon. 
Mr. SEYVARD. If he will allow me to have 
the floor again, for the purpose of renewing my 
motion to lay this subject on the table, i wili hear 
what the honorable Senator has to say. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, the Sena- 
tor from Oregon is unfortunate in his statement, 
reading a preliminary remark from the Senator 
from Florida, and saying that is the whole of it. 
The Senator from Florida wcnt immediately into 
a statement, offcially, of the fact. Just as he 
closed' the sentence read by the Senator from 
Oregon, he went on to say: 
The Stat.e of Flcuida has, through a convention of her 
people duly assembled, decided to recall tbc powers dele- 
gated to this Government, and to assume the fthll exercise 
of ail her sovcreign rights as an independent and separate 
community." 
The announcement of Mr. CLAY, in behalf of 
himself and his colleague, is in these wrords: 
I rise to announce, in behaif of my colleague and my- 
self, that the pcorjle of Alabanm, assembled in convention 
at their Capitol on the II of this unonth, have adopted an 
ordinancc whereby they withdraw fronn tbc Union tbnned 
under a compact styled the Constitution of' the United 
States, resume the powers delegated to it, and assmne 
thcir separate station as a sovereign and independent peo- 
ple." 
Mr. Davxs, the Senator from Mississippi, rose 
officially to announce the fact also of the action 
of his State. Mr. DAvxs said: 
I rise, Mr. President, for thc purpose of announcing to 
the Senate that I have satisfactory evidence that the. State 
of Mississippi, by a solemn ordinance of her people in con- 
vention assernbled, has declared her separation frorn the 
United States." 
Now, sir, my proposition is simply a statement 
of fact, to be put upon the Journal, that the Sen- 
ators from those States announced secession, and 
announced their withdrawal from the Senate in 
It docs not an- 
consequence of the secession. 
nounce the fact. II makes no conclusion such as 
the Senator from Virginia has asserted. Every 
man-will draw his own conclusion from the facts. 
The Senator from Illinois was certainly incor- 
rect in stating that these gentlemen gave any num- 
ber of reasons for their withdra'•.val. They gave 
not one but the one have just stated. They 
announced the fact of what, in their opinion, was 
a recall of their powers. Now, as that recall of 
powers as Senators could not exist if the States 
were, in the Union, they were bound, in announc- 
ing that their powers were recalled, to state that 
our Journal a full record. I say that Journal is no 
full record. I say that Journal will convey a false- 
hood to posterity, if it omits a statement of what 
occurred in this Senate yesterday. 
Mr. SEWARD. I move to lay this subject 
on the table. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Allow me to make just one 
I do not want to arcrue it. 
statement of facts. 
M.r. SEWARD. Three gentlemen are wish- 
I wish to say, 
ino to make statements of fact. 
Mr. President, I liave no desire to avoid a full 
discussion of this suhiect. It will probably come 
up necessarily and legitimately when we come to 
the question of what constitutes a quorum. I 
think " suffcient unto the day is the evil thereof. " 
I do not wish to anticipate the question. i want 
time to consider it in all its bearings. The debate 
will bc protracted. The Pacific railroad bill, 
which think is of vast importance, is lying neg- 
lected for want of hearing; and I hope my 
friends on both sides of the Chamber will excuse 
me, after havin«y waived my motion two or three 
It is, that this 
times, for now Insisting upon it. 
subject be laid on the table. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 should like to ask the fa- 
vor of the Senator to make onc statement of fact. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will 
state to the Senator from Rhode Island that this 
motion must bc put without debate. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 ask the Senator to with- 
draw it for one minute. 
Mr. SEWARD. I will do so if I can have an 
understanding that the debate will stop with the 
I could not claim the attention of tbe 
Senator. 
House again, for [ have three times withdrawn it. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I can renew the motion to 
lay on the table. 
Mr. SEWARD. My honorable friend will 
excuse mc for insisting on my motion, and ask- 
ing him to vote for it, to lay the subject on the 
table. We can hear him to-morrow. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 think those who do not 
make many speeches, like myself, should have 
the privilege of saying a word. 
Mr. MASON. I rise to a question of order. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom 
Virginia will state his question of order. 
Mr. MASON. I make asa question of order 
that the Senate must proceed at once to determine 
upon the correctness of its Journal; and therefore 
the motion to lay on the table, which involves 
delay, cannot be in order. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That question was 
made by the Senator from Louisiana; and the 
Chair expressed the opinion that the motion was 
in order. 
Mr. MASON. I did not hear the opinion of 
the Chair. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair 
stood the Senator from New York to ask for the 
they were recalled because the States were out of 
the Union; to make official announcement of the yeas and nays, when the motion was made be- 
two facts: first, that their States had gone out of fore. 
The, yeas and nays were ordered. 
the Union; and secondly, that they withdrew 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is 
their powers; because, if the State hud remained I 
in thc Union, it had no power to change their on the motion of tho Senator from New York, 
that the motion of the Senator from Louisiana, 
commission as Senators. 'I'hat statement they 
I draw no conclusion from and the amendment of the Senator from Illinois, 
made to the Senate. 
I leave every Senator to draw his own; but do lie on the table. 
The question being taken by yeas and nays, 
I do say that, in a crisis in our national history 
resulted—yeas 32, nays 22; as follows: 
like the present, when events that will form his- 
tory—somebody said, the other day, we were YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham, 
making history every moment—when events like I Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, 
Fitch, Foot, Foster, Grilnes, Gwin, 
these are occurring, It will be unpardonable in us, 
Hale, liar n Johnson of 'I'ennessee, King, Latham, Mor- 
in keeping the Journal of the official proceedings 
rill, Saulst y, Seward, Simuions, Sumner, Tcn Eyck, 
'Thomson, Wade, Wilkinson, and M! ilson—32. 
of the Senate;än conformity with constitutional 
NAYS—Messrs. Benjanlin, Bragg, Bright, Cling•nan, 
duty, to omit a so pregnant in. consequences, 
Douglas, Green, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of 
so Interesting t uture ages, as that which oc- 
Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, 
curred yesterday. It is the first official announce- 
Polk, Powell, Rice, Sebastian, Slidell, Trutnbull, and 
ment on the floor of the Senate that has occurred Wigüdl—'2. 
I So the motion to lay the subject on the table 
in history of the withdrawal of a State from the 
Union and the withdrawal of the Senators from 
was agreed to. 
this bodv and from all participation in the pro- 
MESSAGE FROM TilE IIOUSE. 
cecdings•of the Senate, on the ground that their i 
powers Were withdrawn because their States bad A • message from the House of Representatives, 
gone out of the Union. That fact desire to re- by Mr. HAYS, Chief Clerk,- announced that the 
It is history. You cannot blot I House had passed a resolution requesting the 
main recorded. 
it out of history. It is recorded in the papers of Senate to return to thc Y.lou.se the bilt (H. R. No. 
the dav. It, is recorded in the Globe. Why ought 263) for the relief of John Johnston, of Oh io, 
tiou•, which thereupon, received: the signature:Of 
the Vice President: 
A bill- (S. No. 376) for the relief of' Benjamin 
Alvord, paymaster United States Army;. 
A bill (S. No. 398) for the relief R. 
Franklin; 
A bill (H. R. No. 428) directing the Secretary of 
the Treasury to liquidate the accounts of Mitchell 
& Rammilsburg and Baker & Von:.Phul; 
A bill (H. R. No. 127) for the F; D. 
Fairbanks, Frederick Dodge; and tho- Pacific Mail 
Steamship Company; 
A bill (H. R. No. 447) for the relief of the late 
Captain E. A. Capron; and. 
A joint resolution (S. No. 15) for:the relief of • 
Lieutenant John C. Carter. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
The message further announced that the House 
had ordered, on -the 21st instant, the, printing ofa 
lotter from the Secretary of State,. transmitting 
a list of the clerks, &c., employed in Depart- 
at twelve o'clock ah'd•- -seventeen 
minutes. 
Also, that the House had ordered to-day the 
printing of a letter from the Secretary of the Treas- 
ury, addressed to the chairman of the Committee 
of Ways and Means, on the condition of the Treas- 
ury—ordered at twel ve o 'clock and fifteen minu_tes. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. At the hour of one 
o'clock, to-day, the Pacific railroad bill was the 
special order; but the ioint resolutions of the Sen- 
ator from Kentucky (Mr. CRITTENDEN) being tbc 
unfinished business of yesterday , take precedence 
of it, and are now the business before the Senate. 
Mr. HALE. As the morning hour. was taken 
up with this discussion, I ask leave to make a 
re ort. 
VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
New Hampshire asks unanimousconsent to make 
a report from a committee The Chair hears no 
objection. 
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 
Mr. HALE. I am directed bv the Committee 
on the Post Offce and Post Roads, to whom was 
referred the memorial of Marshall O. Robcrts, and 
others, trasLces of A. G. Sloo, contractor for car- 
rying the mail between New York, New Orleans, 
Havana, and Chagres, praying additional com- 
pensation for extra mail facilitics on that routé, 
to submit u report, accompanied bv a bill (S. NO•.F 
542) for the relief of the trustees A. G. Sloo. 
In presenting the report in this case, I wish to 
say that it was drawn bv the late chairman of 
the committee; and while I am in favor of the bill, 
1 
I do not agree to all the reasons of the report. 
ask that the bill be read, and the report printed. 
The bill w•as read a first time, and ordered to a 
second reading; and the report was ordered to be 
Mr. WIGFALL, from the Committee on the 
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred 
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 62) for the benefit 
of George H. Giddings, reported it with amend- 
mcnts. 
I Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign 
Relations, reported a bill (S. No. 543) to carry 
into effect a convention between the Urnted States 
and the Republic of New Granada; which was 
, read, and passed to a second reading. He also 
submitted a •report on the subject; which was or- 
dcred to be printed. 
PETITIONS. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition of 
citizens of Kentucky, praying the speedy passage 
of the Pacific railroad bill now before the Senate; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mich- 
igan, praying the adoption of the compromise 
measures proposed by him; which, was ordered 
to lie on the. table. 
I He also presented a petition of citizens of De- 
troit, Michigan, praying the adoption of the com- 
promise mcasures proposed by him; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
passed by the House, and sent to the Senate for 
it not io appear on the Journal of the proceedings 
SLAVERY QUESTION. 
of the Senate? Thc facts may be agreeable or concurrence. 
The VICE DENT. The Cha-ir would 
disagreeable to us. Whether agreeable or dis- 
state that the unfinished business of yesterday 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. 
quences, one thing is very certain; it is our duty, I The messagefurtherannounced that theSpeaker is the special order; and the Senator from Ken- 
our sworn duty, under thc Constitution, to keep h had signed the following bills and joint resolu- tucky [Mr. POWELL] is entitled to the floor; and 
