606 
THE CONGRESWIONAL GLOBE. 
January 22, 
except by unanimous consent, these proceedings 
cannot go on. 
Mr. G WIN. I move that the Senate proceed 
to the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill. I 
have no objection to the consideration of the res- 
olutions of the Senator from Kentucky; but there 
is a special order for -to-morrow—the tariff ques- 
tion. To-day was assigned for the- Pacific rail- 
road bill; and if it loses its position, it may be 
jeopardized. 
GREEN. There is no danger. 
Mr. G WIN. That is my opinion about it; 
and therefore I feél bound to make the motion to 
proceed to the consideration of that' question. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of 
opinion that it is only by the consent of the Sen- 
ator from Kentucky that the Senator from Cali- 
fornia can make his motion. 
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Kentucky 
does not yield the floor. Ele is prepared to make 
his remarks, and I think it is hardly fair to inter- 
rupt him. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 had no intention to interfere 
with the Senator from Kentucky, who is entitled 
to the floor, if he wished to proceed this morning 
on that question. 
Mr. POWELL. Certainly, to proceed. 
Mr. G WIN. Of course, then, I will yield. I 
was not aware of it. 
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, 
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution 
(S. No. 54) proposinø• certain amendments to 
the Constitution of the United States; the pend- 
iog question being on the amendment offered by 
Mr. BIGLER to the amendment offercd by Mr. 
CLARK. 
Mr. POWELL addressed the Senate at some 
length. [His speech will be published in the 
Appendix. 
Mr. I-IA Eand Mr. WADE both addressed 
the Chair. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from New Hampshire is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. HALE. I desire to address the Senate 
very brieflv on this subject; but I will give way 
to the Senätor from Ohio. 
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, 1 not 
the purpose of making any very lengthy remarks 
at the present time; but more especially to answer 
something that was said by the Senator from Vir- 
ginia, [Mr. MasoN,] yesterday. I intended to 
answer hirn then, but some one else got the floor, 
I had not, an opportunity to do it. Havin« 
formerly said nearly all that I wish to say on this 
subject, I do not propose to go into any extended 
remarks in answer to what has fallen from the 
Senator from Kentucky on the present occasion ; 
but the Senator from Virginia yesterday arraigned 
the State of Ohio fop )assino• resolutions through 
hc.r Legislature, presented here; amoncr 
other things asserting that, if there wpre any laws 
upon her statute-book that were unconstitutional, 
they ought to I')C repealed. I do not state the 
(anguage, but I belicve that was the substance of 
I-Ic said that this was 
very well; but that when a bill was introduced 
into the House of Representatives of Ohio for 
the purpose of repealing some of those laws, it 
was postponed indefinitely, or something to that 
stood him aright. I think the Senator was entirely 
mistaken about that. 
I saw what I suppose to be 
the same proceeding *that he alluded to. A bill 
was introduced, I believe, at the last session of 
the Legislature, for the further security of free 
persons against kidnapping. That was taken up 
at this session, and a motion to postpone it pre- 
vailed. The Senator supposed that was a bill for 
the purpose of repealing some personal liberty 
law. In that, I think he was entirely mistaken; 
the effect of it was precisely the opposite to what 
he supposcd it was. It was a bill to give further 
security to free people; but, under the circum- 
stances, it was thought undoubtedly , bv the House 
of Representatives) that it was not necessary to 
pass it, and therefore it was postponed. But the 
object of the bill was difFerent from what the Sen- 
ator presumes it to have been, if I have a right 
understanding of it. 
I wish the Senator were 
here, that he might explain what information he 
had upon the subject, for it is entirely diffct•ent 
from mine; but this I think I know: that upon the 
statute-book of Ohio there is no law even that hc 
would say infringes any port.ion of the Constitu- 
tion or any of the laws of the United States made 
in pursuance of it. 
I am glad tho Senator is now present; and I 
will say again, that I believe he w'as mistaken in 
saying that the House of 'Representatives of Ohio 
had postponed a bill, the object of which was to 
repeal some personal liberty law of that State. 
First, I have asserted that, according to the best 
of my information, upon an inspection of our 
laws now in force, there is no personal liberty 
law on the statute-book of Ohio. If the Senator 
is aware of such a law, of course he will ex- 
hibit it. 
Mr. MASON. Mr. President— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. POLK in 
the chair.) Does the Senator from Ohio give way? 
Mr. WADE. Certainly. 
Mr. MASON. I will repeat what I said yes- 
terday in the absence of the Senator from Ohio. 
I did not know that he was absent at the time I 
made allusion to his State. Among the resolu- 
tions of the Legislature of Ohio, presented to the 
Senate some two 01' three days since by the Sen- 
ator from Ohio, in the sixth resolution was this 
clause: 
It is incumbent upon any States having enactments on 
their statute-books conflicting with, or rendering less cffi- 
cient, the Constitution or laws of the United Staies, to re- 
peal them." 
I said, yesterday, in alluding to this, that the 
mail of the day on which the Senator presented 
the resolutions, brought me the Baltimore Sun, in 
which I saw a paragraph stating that the House 
of Representatives ofthe Legislature of Ohio had, 
by a vote, I think, of fifty-eight to thirty-one, 
rejected a bill that 'W'as introduÖed there to repeal 
a law which was called, in the report, a law 
kidnappino•. 
It was said, also, in the 
satno statcmcnt, that, under that a deputy 
marshal of tho United States, and onc or two of 
his assistants, had been imprisoned when they 
had arrested a fugitive slave, I think, at Cleve- 
land, and had been subjected to a trial for an iff- 
nominious offense. Under that law thcsc pro- 
ccedings took place; and that was the law which 
effect. 
I do not gi ve the Senator's words, because the Legislature, by its lower branch, had refused 
I have not the paper before mc; and I am sorry I to repeal 
, after havino• passed these resol tions 
the Senator is not in his seat now to correct me, 
declaring it should bc repealed. That w, what 
if I am wrono•. 
I said; 
and I regret that the Senator was ot pres- 
I know the Senator did not intend to misrepre- 
ent when I madc the statement. 
sent anything, or state it differently from what it Mr. WADE. In answer to that, I t link I may 
was. Now, I wish to say to that Senator, and to say there is no law, in Ohio, contrary to the Con- 
all Senators, that I do not believe the statute-book stitution of the United States, or any raw under 
of Ohio contains any law that is unconstitutional. 
it; for I havc looked over our statute-books. This 
I do not believe that it contains upon its pacres same question was up last winter, when the Sen- 
any law that the Senator from Virginia hilnself ator from Georgia [Mr. T 00MBs] was arraicrning 
would call unconstitutional. We have nothing 
the pcrsonal liberty bills in all the States; and 
that you call personal liberty bills upon our stat- 
ute-book. We have a law to prevent the kid- 
napping of free people, almost parallel with, I 
believe, and of the same effect as that upon the 
statute-book of Virginia, from which, I rather 
think, it was copied. It does not anywhere im- 
pino•e upon the Constitution of the United States, 
or any law madc under it. We have no such law; 
and suppose the Senator was mistaken in that. 
He said that, as he undcrstood it, there was a bill 
introduced into the House of Representatives of 
my State for the purpose of repealing some law 
of this kind, which was postponed, if I under- 
among otl'iers he said he thought the State of 
Ohio had such a law. On that occasion I pro- 
cured the law and read it and con-lmented upon 
it, and showed its provisions to be such as rcn- 
dered it impossible that it could conflict with the 
Constitution or laws of the United States, be- 
cause, after providing for the security of free per- 
sons who were kidnapped, it went on to say that 
the law should be so construed that it should not 
this law, to give it such a construction , rightagainst 
its provisions, as to overthrow the laws of Con- 
gress and the Constitution of the United States?" 
supposed that the Senator gave up Ohio as not 
being within his category. I think, sir, if it was 
true that a bill was introduced in the House of 
Representatives of that State, to repeal that law, 
it ought to have been postponed. I think the 
Senator from Virginia would have thought so too; 
because I believe upon the statute-book of his 
State there is a law running almost on all fours 
with this, for- the security of free persons who 
may bo kidnapped. That is the explanation I 
have to make. We have no law that impinges the 
Constitution of the United States or the laws made 
in accordance with it. As to the repealing bill 
that the Senator spoke of, as I understand it, (and 
I have already stated it once, and only state it 
again because the Senator is in his placé,) that 
bill was postponed. Well, it is no matter about 
that. What I have said will go on the record; 
and if I azn wrong, anybody idspecting our laws 
can find it out svell enough. I have said all that 
it is necessary to say on that subject, and more, 
But while I am up, being one of those who have 
constantly, from the commencement of this ses- 
sion, stated that, in my judgment, under the con- 
dition in which the country IS now, I was entirely 
opposed to all those measures called compromise 
measures, I wish very briefly to state, more in 
detail than I have heretofore done, the reasons 
which bring me to that con-clusion. I have argued 
this question in view of all the difficulties under 
which we are now laboring, and I see no reason 
to alter anything that I have already said on that 
subject; and, therefore, I shall not go minutely 
into it again. But here are attempts made to com- 
promise, as it is called, with somebody for some. 
thing. Now, sir, I do not knaw what legitimate 
controversy we have to compromise with any- 
body. I have heard and listened attentively to 
the speech of the honorable Senator from Ken- 
tuck y, the chairman of the committee of thirteen, 
who had this subject under consideration. He 
has attempted to arraign the State which I in part 
represent, for some delinquency; but say to him 
that he has done it in so„general and inconclusive 
a manner that no man can make a defense to such 
charges. W c arc delinquent, he says; we have 
organizations in our State, the purpose of which 
is to obstruct the execution of your laws. I plead 
the general issue to it, and teli you there is no 
such organization in our State, and there never 
was one. I-low do you answer it? Why, sir, he 
has heard a Representative from Ohio, [N'lr. Coax,] 
say that somebody told somebody else, and 
through sonne Republican it came to him, that 
there was such a thing as slaves escaping by some 
kind of process called the underground railroad, 
by which they got to Canada. I do not doubt 
that slaves do escape. 'What I deny is, that there 
is any organized company in the State of Ohio for 
that purpose. When such a charge is made against 
a State, they that make itought to be ready with 
the proof to make it at least probable. You have 
no proof. I have listened to these general dec- 
larations during this session, and I may say also 
for the ten years that I have had a seat here; but 
good old Lord Coke said that fraud lurketh in 
generalities;" and it does lurk in generalities. I 
ask gentlemen, when they prefer charges against 
individuals or States of being derelict in their con- 
stilutional duties, to tell me wherein, and bring 
the evidence that should call for a •ply. 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senat •allow me to 
interrupt him ? 
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir. 
Mr. MASON. I will suggest one in his own 
State. It has occurred between the State of Ohio 
al')d the State of Virginia, and is now pending. 
The Governor of Virginia made a demand upon 
the Governor of Ohio, for the surrender of a fugi- 
tive who had committed treason and murder in 
the State of Virginia, in the case of the John 
Brown raid, at Harper's Ferry. The Governor 
of Ohio replied that, under the laws of Ohio, that 
was not an offense, and therefore, in his construc- 
tion, he was not to be surrendered under the pro- 
vision of the Constitution. That is a case now 
pending. 
impinge the Constitution of the United States or I Mr. WADE. Now, Mr. President, will ask 
any law made under it. 
I asked that Senator that honorable Senator, if he does not know that 
then, " Were you judge, sir, would you suppose II this particular construct.ion of that act is not pe- 
that it was inccnnbent on you, in administering i culiar to the Governor Of the State of Ohio. Has 
