508 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 22, 
and •recrimination, or pretexts for- dissolving the- 
Union; but that we ought to give the Constitution 
its true construction. I am prepared to do it; but 
hope we are not to bandythese little cases back- 
wards and forwards for the purpose of sectional 
irritation. Let us rather meet the question, and 
give the Constitution- the true. construction, and 
allow criminals to be surrendered according to 
the•law of the State where the offense was com- 
mitted. 
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, very hap- 
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me 
to correct a slight mistakein the statement I made 
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir. 1 hope you cor- 
rect all your mistakes. 
Mr. POWELL. I stated that I knew nothing 
of the case in Kentucky referred to; and that, as 
early as 1800, Kentucky had passed a statute to 
prevent kidnapping. i was mistaken in that in 
one year. I have here a memorandum made by 
me, after havinv a controversy with the Senator 
on that point before; and [ find that, on Decem- 
ber 19, 1801, the Legislature of Kentucky passed 
a law punishing ' 'any person who shall be guil_ty 
of stealing or selling any free person for a slave 
his or her aiders, abettors, or cour)selors, with 
confinement in the penitentiary fora term not less 
than five years, nor more than ten years. said 
it was in 1800. It should bc 1801. By the coo- 
stitution of Kentucky, in 1799, it was. provided 
that all acts in force in Virginia, of a general 
nature, shall be in force in Kcntucky, until re- 
pealed by the General Assembly." Hence I in- 
ferred that Virginia had laws against kidnapping, 
and that they had been in force in Kentucky from 
thc organization of our State government. 
I re- 
gr.et, on an occasion like this, to hear Senators 
Indulge in crimination and recrimination. 
In the 
remarks I had the honor to make to the Senate 
this morning, I distinctly said that it was not my 
purpose to criminate or recriminate. 
I merely 
assigned the grievances under which we labored 
to show that our people did have just cause of 
apprehension; and that those grievances properly 
required constitutional guarantees. 
Mr. WADE. I havc not criminated or recrim- 
inated; but, as Senators had alluded to great de- 
linquencies of constitutional duty in the State that 
I represent, I supposed it was very proper that I 
should correct those that I thought had fallen into 
an error on that subject. Sir, I stand here to 
defend the State of Ohio against any charge of 
delinquency in her constitutional duty anywhere. 
I am exceedin'Yl 
y happy to find that, after more 
than one montii s deliberation, after the question 
had been agitated here whether she had been 
guilty anywhere of any coming short of her whole 
duty to the Union, the Senator has gone back 
again upon the onc old specification that he made 
before. 
'l'he Senn tor from Virginia also has 
brought. forward a like case; and now what does 
it all turn out to be? Why, sir, 
if tbcrc is any 
error comnlitted by the Governor of Ohio, he has 
the merit, at all events, of havin€' grounded it 
was right or •wrong. I- only say-that this isa vexed 
law question; that has been, decided in different 
ways in different States, from the time the Con- 
stitution was framed until now, and is not settled 
toeday. •Why, therefore, is thisaecu-sation brought 
up and poured on our heads constantly, as being a 
great delinquency of our, people and our State? 
Sir, you are hard run foraccusations, or you would 
have cited some new specification. 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to 
vindicate Virginia ? 
Mr. WADE Yes, sir; I hope you will be 
a.ble to do so. 
Mr. MASON. I wish to. vindicate Virginia 
from the suggestion made by the Senator from illi- 
I know the casc to which he refers; but I 
nms. 
have not read it. 
I' know it was.a case that arose 
before any law had been passed by Congress on 
the subject. Now, the opinion of the attorney 
I general places it upon this ground as shown by 
I the opinion: no man can be arrested in Virginia 
or in any other State, no coercion can be placed 
upon his person, unless it is authorized by law. 
Everybody knows that. That is the case in the 
Senator's own State. The attorney general of 
Virginia said there was no law by which the State 
could place its hand upon the person for the. pur- 
pose of surrendering him. In the opinion given 
by the attorney general, as lawyers are very-apt 
to do, he discussed other questions, as to whether 
it would or would not be within the contempla- 
tion of the Constitution. His advice to the Gov- 
ernor of Virginia, that the man could not be de- 
livered up, was placed distinctly and solely upon 
the ground that there was no law in Virginia, and 
no law of the United States, by which they could 
arrest the person. His language is this: 
There must be a legal control over the persons de- 
manded, before they can be delivered or removed. T bat 
delivery ought not to be acquired by any force not specified 
and delegated by positivc law. Neither the constitution 
them, direct the mode, or delegate an authority, by which 
the magistracy of this State can acquire such a control. 
It theretOre can only be acquired by force.. And that 
such an exercise of undelegated power over the liberties of 
freenlen would not be justifiable, I am sure need not add. 
It is therefore my opinion. that the directions of the 
General Government, under which the Governor ot Penn- 
sylvania has Inade a demand {Or the delivery and removal 
of the persons mentioned in his letter, cannot be complied 
with by the Governor of this State without some provis- 
ions by law to enable it to do so." 
That is the gist of the opinion. 
Mr. WADE. That is precisely tbe ground 
upon which I suppose Governor Dennison placed 
it. There was no law making the offense crim- 
inal in his own State, and it was not one of those 
offenses that was cognizable as an offense at com- 
mon law. 
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will indulge,me 
—I beg his pardon for again interrupting him— 
it was placed on no such ground, that there was 
no law making that an offensc in the limits of 
Virginia. It was placed distinctly on the ground 
that there was no law authorizing the arrest of 
the person, to use force. 
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, 1 think it very 
upon decisions madc by old Virginia herself; and desirable that the question of fact should be de- 
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa, that 
the Senate do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; •there being, on a 
division—ayes. 16, noes 13; and the Senate then 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
TUESDAY, January 22, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o 'clock, m. 
TheJournal of yesterday was read and approved. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com- 
munication from the Treasury Department, trans- 
mitting a statement of the contingent fund of the 
Treasury for the year ending June 30, 1860; which 
was referred to the Committee of Ways and 
Means, and ordered to be printed. 
Mr. SHERMAN presented, from the Commit- 
tee of Ways and Means, a communication from 
the Treasury Department; which was referred to 
that committee, and ordered to be printed. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com- 
munication from the Tl'reasury Department trans- 
mitting a fist of the balances remaining unsettled 
for periods of one and three years upon the books 
the Treasury; which was laid on •the table, and 
ordered to be printed. . 
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a 
communication from the Interior Department, 
inclosing an estimate of #72,500, submitted by 
Sylvester Mowry, commissioner of the United 
States upon the California boundary survey, for 
the service of that work for the year ending June 
30, 1862, and recommending the appropriation of 
that amount of money; which was referred to the 
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to 
be printed. 
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 rise to a question of priv- 
I desire to make a motion to correct the 
Journal of- yesterday. On yesterday, while the 
report of the select committee of thirty-three was 
under consideration, as a special order, moved 
an amendment in the nature ofa substitute, being 
in substance the proposition known as the Crit- 
tenden compromise. To enable me to make that 
motion, I will explain that, by the courtesy ofa 
gentleman upon the ot.her side of the House, who 
had made a motion that the House adjourn, and 
who, at my request, withdrew his motion, I rose, 
was recognized by the Speaker, made my motion, 
and sent my amendment to the Clerk's desk. I 
was under the impression—and that was the im- 
pression of gentlemen round me—that the motion 
was legitimately in order, and had been received 
by the Speaker. 
I thereupon relinquished the 
floor, which was resumed by the gentleman from 
Maryland, [Mr. HARRIS,] who renewed the mo- 
tion that the House adjourn. The motion was 
put by the Speaker, and the House adjourned. 
Afterwards, the paper was brought back to m 
desk by the page who had taken It to the Clerk s 
desk. I think, therefore, that, inasmuch as the 
Journal omits all mention of the proceeding, and 
inasmuch as the amendment was offered ata proper 
yet her representativcs stand f?jrth here and ac- termined between the Senator from Virginia and time, when 1 had the floor regularly, and as it 
W the Senator from Ohio, and I therefore move that was an amendment legitimately in order, it•ought 
cuse us of some great constitutional delinquency. 
They tell us that the Union is about to be broken 
the Senate do now adjourn. 
to appcaron the .Tournal. If any question of order 
up and destroyed, and that it depends upon us Mr. WADE. Ido•not care; just as you please. 
is intended to be made upon the admissibility of 
to say whether it shall stand or fall; they can do 
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire, as a matter Of the amendment, that can only be properly done 
nothing about it. You that seek to overturn practice, whether, if the Senate adjourns in that 
when the amendment is upon the record as in the 
the institutions of your country; you who tell condition, the Senator from Ohio or the Senator 
possession of the House. 
I make the motion to 
us you are about to rebel against its constituted from New Hampshire is entitled to thc floor. 
amend the Journal, and-the House can dispose 
authorities, and wage war upon us, ought to be gave way, as a matter of courtesy, to the Senator of it as they may see proper. 
able to specify and tell us wherein we have com- 
from Ohio; but he let in all the other side after i The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state 
mitted an offense that is to be visited by these that. [Laughter.] 
i upon this subject, as the reason for the omission 
consequences. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. POLK in } of the proceeding to which the gentleman refers 
The Senator from Virginia tells us he will not 
the chair.) The Chair will state to the, Senator i from the Journal, that the floor was assigned to 
specify at all; that it is a course of events that has from New Hampshire that, in his opinion, the the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. B!NGHAM,] who 
been accumulating for twenty or thirty years. Senator from Ohio will be entitled to the floor. 
Why is it brought up now all at once for the first' Mr. BIGLER. Before the motion to adjourn and for that purpose alone. The gentleman from 
time? Why does he not find something else to ; is put, I desire to suggest that there is some New York could therefore not take the floor for 
accuse the free States of? When he makes his i, executive business that should be disposed of, the purpose of offering an amendment, while, 
specification, we see how it turns out. This, I and which will take but a few minutes. 
[" Oh, i under the rules of the House, the gentleman from 
believe, is the third time that the Senator from no ! ' ' ] They are not contested cases. I there- Ohio wras entitled to the floor. 
Kentucky has accused Ohio; and when I have fore move that the Senate proceed to the consider- 
Mr. SICKLES. A single word upon that 
asked for specifications, he has gone back to ade- ation of executive business. 
linquency of Governor Dennison; and it turns out The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question I the floor in debate. •That is undoubtedly a-ccu- 
that Governor Dennison, if he I-ras erred at all, will first be put on the motion to adjourn. 
has erred in company of which neither of the Sen- Me. PilGLER. hope we shall have an exec- i the floor, which was assigned to the 
ators should corn l)fzun. Now, sir, Ido Klot pro- utive session. 
from Maryland, [Mr. HARRIS,] who moved an 
pose to say this decision of Governor Dennison 
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question II adjournment. But the gentleman from Maryland, 
