1861. 
at mv request, withdrew temporarily the motion 
to adjourn, and yielded to me to enable me to 
make a motion which I stated would not lead to 
debate or call for a vote that evening. 'I'he gen- 
tleman from Maryland clearly and distinctly re- 
linquished the floor to me, and I was recognized 
by the Speaker. No objection was offered by 
the gentleman from Ohio or by any other gentle- 
man. In my place I offered the amendment. 
There was no point of order raised upon it. 
was not ruled out of order by the Speaker upon 
any objection made, and I insist that, under the 
rules of the House—and I call special attention 
If 
to the 43d rule—my amendment was in order. 
the gentleman from Ohio had claimed the floor, 
or the gentleman from Maryland had not relin- 
quishcd it to me, I could not have offered it. 
But the gentleman from Ohio did not claim it, 
and no objection was made on the part of the 
gentleman from Maryland, who courteously ex- 
tended the floor to me. 
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Ohio ex- 
pressly yielded the floor for a motion to adjourn, 
and for no other purpose. 
Mr. SICKLES. That may be true; but nev- 
ertheless it does not alter the state of the case. 
Mr. GROW. Yes it does. 
Mr. RUST. What is the question before the 
House ? 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from New 
York insists on his pointof order, the Chair feels 
constrained to overrule it. 
Mr. R.UST. Does the gentleman from New 
York take an appeal from the decision of the 
Chair? If he does not, then I object to further 
debate, 
Mr. SICKLES. My motion is, and that is the 
question now before the House, to correct the 
Journal. 
Is it in order for me to move to correct 
the Journal? 
The SPEAKER. It is. 
Mr. SICKLES. I supposed so; and I have 
therefore submitted a motion for the correction of 
the Journal. 
I move to correct the Journal, so 
that it will show the proceedings I have stated. 
The question was t.akeri on Mr. SICKLES' mo- 
tion; and it was disagreed to. 
RESOLUTIONS OF DELAWARE. 
Mr. WHITELEY. 1 ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the House for leave to present certain res- 
olutions of the Legislature of the State of Dela- 
ware, urging the adoption of the resolutions 
introduced into the Senate by Hon. JOHN J. CRIT- 
TENDEN, and to move that they be referred to the 
select committee of five, and ordered to be printed. 
Thcre was no objection, and it was ordered 
accordingly 
BORDER STATE PROPOSITION. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask the unani- 
mous consent of the House for leave to present, 
and to have read and printed, a series of resolu- 
tions agreed upon by the majority of the border 
State committee in connection with the pending 
I give notice that at the proper time I 
troubles. 
will move them as an amendment to the majority 
report. of the select committee of thirty-three, 
which is now the special order before the House. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 presume there will be no 
objection to the resolutions being received, laid 
upon the table, and ordered to be printed; but I 
do not see any reason for having them read, as 
every member of the House is already acquainted 
with them. 
Mr. HARRIS, ofM4ryland. 1 do not object 
to that. 
Mr. BURNETT. Are the resolutions in 
order ? 
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con- 
sent. 
Mr. BURNETT. Then object to their re- 
ception; and call for the regular order of busi- 
ness. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. my friend 
will withdraw his objection, and let the resolu- 
tions come in. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. make the point of 
order that the objection came too late. The gen- 
tleman from Maryland got the floor, and had 
introduced the resolutions before objection was 
made. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Mr. BURNETT. I do not cure particulaäy¯lllin case of suöh refusal." contractors forear- 
about this matter; but my friend from Illinois is 
mistaken, for I did object as soon as the res- 
olutions were offered. • do not object to their 
being introduced, provided thcy be faid upon the 
table. 
The resolutions were then laid upon the table, 
and ordered to be printed. 
MEMORIALS FROM MARYLAND. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I - ask the unan- 
imous consent of the House for leave to present 
memorials signed by seventeen thousand citizens 
of the State of Maryland, representing every 
county in the State, in favor of the border State 
propositions. 
Mr. GROW. to a point of order. The 
rules cf the House provide for the reception of 
petitions and memorials by presentation to the 
Clerk; and I object to .the rules being broken by 
publicly present}ng these memorials in the House 
and in that way unnecessarily .consuming the 
time of the House. 
I object to the reception of 
the memorials by the gentleman from 
Maryland. He can introduce them as other 
petitions and memorials are introduced—under 
the rules. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Mr. Speaker, .1 desire to 
know whether it is in order for me now to pro- 
pose an amendment to the report of the select 
committee of thirty-three? My object in making 
the inquiry is to submit a statement that I am one 
of those not willing to be committed to the sup- 
port either of the emasculated Crittenden or bor- 
I ap Drove of neither of 
der State propositions. 
them, and I will vote for neit of them. I wish 
an opportunity to present amendments which set 
forth the position of those ••.vho agree with me. 
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. De- 
bate is not in order, the regular order of business 
having becn called for, except on the proposition 
before the House. 
Mr. HINDMAN. I rise for the purpose of 
gathering information from the, Speaker. 
The SPEAKER. The regul.n• of busi. 
ness being called for, thc gentleman from Arkan- 
sas is notin order. The regular order of business 
is the call of committees for reports, beginninm 
with the Committee on the Post Offce and Pos 
Roads. 
POSTAL SERVICE IN SECEDING STATES. 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 am instructed by the Com- 
mittee on the Post Oflice and Post Roads to report 
back the bill introduced by myself yesterday, in 
relation to the postal service, with the recom- 
mendation that It do pass. The Clerk will read 
it; as I propose, unless debate is desired on it, to 
put it on its i')assacye at this time. 
The bill was read in extenso. It provides that— 
VVhcreas, in several States of the Union, the judges, dis- 
trict attornevs, and marshals, cornmissioned by the Gov- 
crnmentof the, United States tor said States, have resigned 
. their offices, aud it appears impracticable, it' consequence 
of revolutionary proeeedings therein, to fill the vacancies 
thus created ; arid whcrcas the, Govcrnrnent of the United 
States is thus without any means of collecting or enforcing 
in such States the payment of the postal revenues from the 
officers collecting the satuc, or of punishing violations of' 
the postal laws, committed by robberies of the mails, or 
otherwise, or of enforcing the perfOrmance of mail con- 
tracts: 'I'herefore, 
Be it enacted, That, in all States which are. or may here 
after be situated as above, the Posttnaster General is hereby 
directed to discontinue the postal service for such period 
of time as, in his judgment, the public interest may require, 
and shall report his action to Congress. 
Mr. PHELPS. Has that bill been printed? 
The SPEAKER. It has not. It has just been 
reported. 
Mr. COLFAX. I enter the usual motion to 
recommit the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I will make a few remarks in 
regard to this subject. We should not have rec- 
ommended the suspension of the postal -service in 
rying the mails in those States may of: courge 
hold us to the lettcr of our if— {hey 
choose, they can refuge - toy perform their part-Of 
it, and there is no legal remedy to cornpel, 
•lh this condition Of 
to perform their contract. 
affan•s it becomes, as it seerns t.o me, the impefa- 
tive duty of the Government, if there be no mezins 
for protecting its postal service, to -discontinue 
that service. 
1 stated, yesterday, that •I would yield to the 
gentleman from North Carolina , {Mr. BRANCH'] 
If he desired to speak on this subject; and I' state 
to him now, if he or his friends are not pepared 
to vote on the bill at.this time, I will agree to a 
poStponement of its further consideration for a 
few da s, if they will name the time. 
Mr. BHELPS. 1 desire that the bill may be 
printed, before it is called -up for action. 
Mr. BRANCH. I stated yesterday, when 'I 
moved the reference of this bill! to *the select com- 
mittee •of five,' that my •reason for doing so was 
that subjects of a similar character were then 
I pending before that committee. There is no more 
reason, looking to the action of that committee, 
why we should be prepared, or why I should be 
prepared, to speak or act on this bill, than there 
was yesterday. I therefore do not desire •to act 
on it or to discuss it to-day. If, however, it shdll 
be postponed to some future day, may desire to 
discuss it. 
I do not now mean either to discuss 
or to act on this bill if I can avoid it; but I will, 
however, avail myself of tho courtesy tendered 
to me. by the honorable gentleman from Indiana, 
i so far ns to submit an amendment, in the nature 
of a substitute for the bill which he has reported, 
and on which desire to vote, if his bill shall ever 
come up for action. It is the only extent to which 
I propose to avail myself of thecourtesy tendered 
to me by the chairman of the Committee on the 
Post Office and Post Roads. 
Mr. COLFAX. In answer •to the gentleman, 
I desire to say this: if the committee of five are 
investigating this matterÄt has not been especially 
referred to them. I have no objection -to their ex- 
amining it. But, sir, the postal system of the 
ountry is placed, by OLU' rulcs, under the super- 
vision of the Committee on the Post Office and 
Post •Roads. We have considered this matter, 
and felt ib to be our duty to move Gn the manner 
I have indicated. If the gentleman from -North 
Carolina bc not prepared now to name the time 
when he will be ready to vote on this bill, I must 
insist on calling for theprevious question on the 
passage of the bill. 
I am perfectly willing that 
the amendment of the gentleman shall be read; 
but, avthe same time, I cannot waive my motion 
to recommit to permit his amendment to come in. 
I cannot, for one, reccvnize as truc what has been 
held in regard to seceding States being out of the 
Union. The bill is not placed-upon that ground 
I stated, at the outset, that if the United 
States courts had been allowed to remain in ex- 
istence in the seceding States, ewe would not have 
felt it to be our duty to report this bill. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 hope the 
Indiana will hear my proposed amendment read. 
He will find it so relevant to the measure pro- 
posed by him—and, indeed, it only differs by 
making the provision broader and covering-a little 
more ground—lhat he will not object to it. The 
President of the United States has communicated to 
Congress that, owing to the fact that we have no 
Federal offcers in at least one State of the Union, 
that he is unable to execute the lawsof the United 
States. The whole subject-matter of that mes- 
sage has been referred By the House to the select 
'i'he message which 
committee of five members. 
the President conununicated to us is not that, we 
are unable solely to execute the post offce. laws; 
but that all the laws of the United States in one 
of the seceding States of the Union—South Caro- 
the States called the seceding States, if the Uni- lina—are in the same condition, so fäu• as their 
ted States courts had been allowed to remain in- execution goes, as the post office laws. NOW, 
the gentleman from Indiana proposes to select out 
tact; L}üt the condition of our postal service in 
those States now is this: the people there are one class of laws, one branch only of the public 
privileged, if they choose, to open the mails pub- 
licly; to rifle them; to destroy them; and there 
is no method provided under the law by which 
they can be brought to justice, as such offenders 
must bc tried before a United States court. A 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ken- postmaster, who collects the revenue, may refuse 
tuck y insists, he is entitled to his objection, and to honor drafts of the Department, and there is 
I no means by which the revenue ean be eolleeted i 
the resolutions cannot be received. 
service, and make a special arrangement in regard 
to that in the States which have seceded, while I 
propose, by my substitute, t.o extend -the opera. 
tion of the bill to all the laws of tho United States 
which, according to the information given to us 
by the President, cannot be executed in those 
I simply propose. to make the provision 
States. 
whiøh he desires- to niake in røferene te the post 
