THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEe 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTYI CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
Mr. CLEMENS addressed the House for an 
hour, upon the state of the Union. [His remarks 
will be published in the Appendix.] 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, obtained 
the floor. 
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the time of the gentle- 
man from Virginia will be extended. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 obiect. 
Mr. CLEMENS. I on'ly desire about three 
minutes to finish. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 would object ifyou only 
wanted halfa minute. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman 
can only proceed by unanimous consent. 
Mr. LOGAN. I move that the rules be sus- 
pended, and that the gentleman be permitted to 
proceed. 
The SPEAKER tempore. It is in order 
to suspend the rules to-day. 
Mr. LOGAN. hope, then, the gentleman will 
be permitt.ed to print the balance of his s )eech. 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. 1 hope gen- 
tleman will be allowed to go on and finish his 
traitorous renmrks. [Cries of Order!" 
and 
great confusion, in which the further remark of 
Mr. MARTIN was not heard.] 
Mr. COX. I call the gentleman from Virginia 
to order. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 move that the 
gentleman from Virginia have libcrty to print the 
remainder of his speech. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The gentleman 
will have leave if there be no objection. 
Mr. THOMAS. 1 object. 
Mr. FOUKE. The courtesy of this Housc has 
been extended to gentlemen on both sides in per- 
mitting them to proceed beyond thc hour to which 
they are limited under the rules, and hope it 
will not be denied to the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. RUST. How did the gentleman from lili- 
nois obtain the floor? I object. 
The SPEAKER tetnpore. The gentlem 
from Wisconsin-is entitled to the floor, and 111 
proceed . 
Mr.WASHBURN. of 
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. CLEMENS 1 who 
has just taken his scat, arid the equally eloquent 
remarks of the gentlcman from Ohio {Mr. BING- 
HAM] who preceded him, I can hardiy expect to 
interest the House during the brief tin)0 allowed 
me under the rules. But, sir, having, in connec- 
preseutcd to the 
tion with another gentlcrnan, 
House the views of' a minority of the coun-nitt.ec 
of thirty-three, I feel it my duty to stand up herc 
and dcfcnd thc positions in that ronort. 
At the proper timc I shall propose, as a substi- 
tute for the propos; tic»os now before, the House, 
thc following resolution: 
Resolee.d, 'l'hat the provisions of the Constitution are 
ample tor the preservation of the Union, and the protection 
of all the material interests of the country ; that it needs to 
be obeyed rather than amended ; and our cxtrieation fronn 
present difficulties is to Oe looked tar in eflörts to preserve 
and protect the public property and eatörce the laws, rather 
than in new guarantees for particular interests, or cmnpro- 
mises or concessions to unreasonable detnands. 
This resolution expresses t.he conclusion of the 
small minority of the committee to which i be- 
long. The majority of the committee have re- 
ported various propositions, but only four of them 
contemplate definite action. A II of these propo- 
sitions, IVIr. Speaker, although not sanctioned at 
the final adoption of the report, were adopted 
singly during the sessions of the committee. 
do not wish to place any one in a false position 
by saying that these propositions are the opinion 
of the majority of the select committee. They 
were adopted, as I have already stated, one by 
one, by a majority then present, as they came up 
for consideration. 
Now, sir, the propositions looking to definite 
action report.ed from tho select committee are: a 
joint resolution to amend the Constitution of the 
United States; an act for the adrnission of New i i 
Mexico into the Union as a State; and an amend- i 
ment to the fugitive slave law and the law relating 
to fugitives from justice. Those propositions have 
been reported Wilh sundry resolutions expressive 
33 
THURSDAY, JANUARY 24, 1861. 
merely of the opinions of mernbers. Having been 
unable to concur in any one of these propositions, 
and not wishing to be regarded as an ultra or un- 
reasonable man, I wish at this tirnc to state the 
reasons why I could not concur with the measures 
here proposed for the consideration of the House. 
I wrill take the propositions in their order; and if 
I shall succeed in showing that all of the com- 
plaints which the propositions now offered are 
Intended to remedy are groundless, and that their 
adoption will only subject the people of the North 
to further derision and contempt, then, sir, I shall 
have accomplished ali that I desire. think I shall 
be enabled to show very Clearly to the members 
of this House that the measures now submitted 
are wholly powerless for good, even if they were 
all to be adopted. 
I have been a patient attendant on all the sittings 
of this committee; and it has been my desire to 
learn what werc the troubles, what the difficulties, 
what the grievances which were complained of, 
and which required the remedial action of Con- 
gress. Although no two members could concur 
exactly in regard to the grievances complained of, 
yet upon beint-r grouped together they tunount to 
about this: first, it is complained that thc North 
does not faithfully execute the fugitive slave law; 
second, it is complained that some of the non- 
slaveholding States have passed personal liberty 
bills; third, it is complained on thc part of tho 
South that the people of thc southern States are 
deprived of equal rights with the people of the 
North in the erritorics of thc United States; and 
it is alleged also, as a complaint against the North, 
that fugitives from justice are not delivered up in 
accordance with our obligations under the Con- 
stitution of the United States. These constitute 
the principal causes of complaint, except the fur- 
ther one that we have elected a President who, it 
is claimed, is hostile to slavery. This last is be- 
lievcd to bc the occasion for existing treason and 
impcnding civil war; and as the committce pro- 
pose no rémedy the minority shall rulc 
*the majority, [ justified in saying that the 
measuu•cs that they do propose will have no cffecl 
towards restoring peace to the country. 
Sir, it is. not pretended, 
it has never bcen pre- 
tended, that tho Federal Government has legis- 
to tho prejudice of the people of thc South. 
it has never been said, and with truth it cannot 
bc said, that they have not had all their rights in 
this Governrnent. Never, in a single instance, can 
it be maintaiiied that Congress has refused to pass 
laws necessary for the security of their rights. 
For sixty out of seventy-two years since the Gov- 
ernment was formed, they have controlled thc 
Federal Government in all its departments—legis- 
lative, exccutuvc, and judicial. They have so 
long been accustomed to regard themselves as 
specially appointed to rule this country, that they 
have forgotten how to obey, claiming to be ex- 
clusively the ruling class; ai')d, grown haughty, 
proud, and insolent, from the posscssion of power, 
they cannot brook the idea that a man who is 
peculiarly the representative of the great labor- 
Ing classes should be at the head of the cxccu- 
tive department of the Government. 
We know full well, Mr. Speaker, what will 
If we will yield up for all time to 
restore peace. 
come the control of the Government to those who, 
with small exceptions, have ruled it heretofore; 
cive them the Executive; allow them to rctail) the 
and dictate 
legislative and judicial departments, 
our foreiffn and domestic policy, thev will no 
doubt return to their allegiance and save the Union. 
ave, enorrnous, and 
Sn•, their terms of salvaz. 
cannot be •acceded to. 
'l'o show tl'lat they mean 
to control the Government or destroy it, I beg to 
go! lowino• extract from a lotter from a 
United States Senator from the Statc of Alabama, 
[Mr. CLAY, I to friends in South Carolina, writ- 
ten a short. time since. Ile says, speaking of the 
pcople of tl'i0 North: 
They are thc most bitter, relentless, 
and vindictive 
enemies Ive have 011 earth. 
course, wo cannot live under the sainc Government with I 
these people, unless wc could control it." 
NEW SERIES. 33. 
There, sir, you have the conclusion of the Whöle 
matter expressed in concise language. The whole 
thing is in a nutshell. We must cont.rol the 
Government, or we will not live under it." The 
question, then, stares the people of the North full 
in the face. Will they pass their too obedient 
necks beneath the southern yoke, or will they as- 
sert their manhood, and refuse to purchase either 
continued union or peace at any such price? No 
sir; let us have disunion, and, if need be, civil 
war, rather than dishonor. 
The first ground of complaint against the North, 
for which a remedy is sought in the disruption of 
the Union, is that the people of the North do not 
faithfully execute the fugitive slave law. Is tho 
complaint true? It is not. That law is executed 
with surprising fidelity. 'Ithat it is a most odious 
law to the pcople of the North, and justly so, I 
will not dispute; nevertheless, it is executed with 
great certainty. Mr. IVERSON, in the Senate, has 
recently borne testimony in regard to the law, in 
the following language: 
i'Ve have a fugitive *lave law of which the South does 
It is sufficiently guarded to aceomplL8h all 
not complain. 
the objects iOr which it was designed, if thcre was a proper 
public sentirnent in the northern States. No better fugitive 
slave law could be devised by this Congress or any other. 
It clothes the judiciary and Executive of this Govennnent 
with ample powers to execute tbc laws. We do not corn- 
plain that any Executive has ever been derelict in his duty 
in the discharge of this law. Mr. Fillmore was President 
when this law was passed, and it received his sanction; 
and I atn ready to say, that so far as he was concerned, he 
carried it out. General Pierce carried it out, and the pres- 
ent Exceutivc. So far as they h_avc the power, they have 
done their duty faithfully." 
Messrs. DOUGLAS and PUGH, Democratic Sene 
ators, havc also borne recent testimony to the 
faithful observance of that law. Instances where 
a fugitivc has been rescued under it are very rare; 
and ten northern men are hung without judge or 
jury at thc South, for the commission of no crime, 
to every fugitive that is rescued. 
In the State of 
Wisconsin, I havc known but onc instance where 
a fugitive was attempted to be rescued; and .in 
that case the Government has pursued the alleged 
rescuer with a malignity unheard of in a civil- 
izcd Govern'ment•, aind, from inability to pay the 
finc imposed upon him, he is now wearinø out the 
rein nalÄ t of his existence in the common jail of the 
city of Milwaukee. 
It is not, then, Mr. Speaker, tho non-execu- 
tion of the fugitive slave law that is cause foc 
secession . 
BLit, sir, your committee proposed to amend it; 
and I may as well here notice the proposed amend- 
rilhe design of this amendment is to make 
ment. 
the law more efficient, and at the same time render 
it fess odious to the people of the North. They 
have succeeded admirably in thc former. Pass it, 
and what hope is there left for the colorcd man 
who is claimed as a slave? The whole power of 
the Govcrnmcnt of the United States is to bc in- 
voked against him; and at the sole cxpcnsc of' that 
Government, which should be a shield and pro- 
tection to the weak, ho is seized and t.ransported 
to a southern State, where, after remaining per- 
haps in prison for six, eight, or ten months, he 
is to have a jury trial beforc the Ul')ited States 
district judge. Not a jury trial of the vicinao•e 
from wlii(ik'jhc is alleged to have escaped; but -of 
the vicinage of the residencc of the judge, which 
111tty be perhaps hundreds of miles froun where 
he was alleged to aavc cscapcd. If adjudged a 
free man, no penalty is imoosed upon the man 
who false] y claimed hirn; anh after a loss of Inany 
months' t.nne, perhaps, he finally has the satisfac- 
tion of being returned to the place of seizure at 
thc cxpense of the tJnited States. They have 
attenoptcd to st_vrar the thing over by attaching a 
second section, which only authorizes the mar- 
shal to call for assistance to execute the law in 
I have looked 
casc IIC thinks he shall need help. 
at thc prov:sions of thc old law in this regard, 
and i find the between that and the 
amendment is about the same as between twee- 
dled um and tweedledee. The idea being held out 
that an amendment to the law would be made 
making it more acceptable to the people of the 
