516 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 23, 
BILLS INTRODUCED. 
I have figz 
stance, the Post Offee Department. 
uros before me showing the relative condition of 
the six New England States to the six States 
which have seceded, or are, I suppose, about to 
secede. The State of Louisiana receives annu- 
ally, in the way of protection on sugar, not less 
than four or five million dollars from the Govern- 
ment, while the revenues of the Post Offce De- 
partment from that State are only about one fourth 
of the expenditures. Without going into details, 
I will say that New England largely overpays 
the Government for her postal expenses. The 
Governmént receives from her, in the shape Qf 
postages, while the expenditures of 
the Government for her are but #1,156,000, being 
quite a large surplus to the Government, above 
being self-sustaining. Now, takc these cotton 
States, including Louisiana, and you will find 
that theGovernment has received, in the last year, 
$722,987, while it has paid out $2,289,000, leav- 
ing an excess of expenditure over receipts of more 
than onc million five hundred thousand dollars 
for carrying the mails in those States. But I will 
not pursue this branch of the subjcct further; but 
will simply append the following table, showing 
how the postal system works in the different 
It iS taken from the Postmaster Genc- 
States. 
ral 's last report: 
PosT OFFICE RÉCEIPTS AND EXPENDITURES, 1859. 
Rcceipts, 
New England. 
$154,523 21 
Maine 
103,319 27 
New Harnpshirc............. 
103,218 30 
Vermont. 
189,306 GI 
Connecticut.... ..... 
GO] ,249 40 
Massachusetts. 
(36,665 69 
Rhode Island... 
$1 224 281 48 
Receipts. 
Six Cotton States. 
$107,536 12 
South Carol inn. 
108,064 73 
Gcormia...... . 
95 9'1•2 
Florida ..... ..... .... 
129,103 23 
Alabarna .... .... . . 
101,549 
Mississippi 
196 63 
Louisiana.... 
$722,987 24 
Eapenditurcs. 
$208,884 83 
110,902 93 
137 742 34 
202,392 95 
449,626 89 
41 
Eapendtturcs. 
$319,068 10 
358, 1 eo oo 
393,628 91) 
320,003 88 
62 '289,583 17 
Now, Mr. Speaker, what remedy ouglit to be 
proposed? was very glad that n) y friend fronl 
Indiana [Mr. COLFAX] came in this rnorning with 
It is step in the right direction. 
his proposition. 
It is well for these people to flwl tl'iC loss of sorne 
of the benefits they are now deriving fronl the 
General Government. It is very obligil)ff on their 
10 allow us to carry their mails at an expend- 
of more than a year to ourselves, 
while they are in opcn rebcllion and refuse to ac- 
knowlcdge the authority of the General Govern- 
Inent.; but so fur as I urn concerned, while they 
the Government will 110t 
continue in rebellion, 
have my consent to do so in the {Uture, until they 
return to their allegiance. 
Sir, I have no s )ccial dread in regard to the 
fatu of this Rev»ul) ic. Civil war may ctnnc, dis- 
union and dissoll_ltion may come—but I pray God 
to deliver us from both; but, sir, whatever nuty 
c,0111C, I have an abidin'" faith in a kind Provi- 
dcnce that has ever watched over us, thut passino• 
events will be all ovcrrulcd for good and for tbe 
welfare of mankind in this und other lands. Gen- 
tlemen may talk about reconstructing this Gov- 
ennnent after it shall have been broken up and 
destroyed—I tell them no. If this Government 
is destroyed, it will not be reconstructed on the 
basis on which it stands. Gentlemen may as 
well understand right here that if the Government 
is to be reconstructed, the people of the North will 
have o. word to say as to the basis of that recon- 
struction, and no new union will be formed that 
does not give them terms of perfect equality. If 
this Union must bc dissolved, whether by peace- 
ablc secession or through fire and blood and civil 
A-vac, we shall have the consolation of knowino• 
that when the conflict is over, those who survive 
it will be, what they never have been, inhabitants 
ofa FREE COUNTRY. 
Mr. ETHERIDGE obtained the floor; but 
yielded to Mr. WINSLOW, who moved that the 
House adjourn. 
C111RIQU1 EXPEDITION. 
Mr. MORSE. I ask the gentleman to with- 
draw the Inotion fi)r a rnoment, to enable Ine to 
have the message from the President upon the 
Speaker's table taken up and referred to the Com- 
mittee on Naval Affairs. 
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 withdraw the motion for 
that purpose. 
The message of the President was then read, 
transmitting a report of the Secretary of the Navy, 
giving the details of the late Chiriqui expedition. 
Mr. MORSE. I move that the message, with 
the accompanying documents, be referred to the 
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be 
printed. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 hope the gentleman will also 
embrace, in his order to print, the contract made 
by the Secretary of the Navy with the Chiriqui 
Navigation Company. That document has not 
I understand that the 
been printed, I believe. 
Committee on Naval Affairs has a copy of it in 
thcir possession; and I ask that it may bc printed 
along with this message, together with any other 
docmnents which may be m possession of the 
Naval Cornmittee relating to this subject. 
Mr. MORSE. I am willing to accept the gcn- 
tlcman's proposition, so far as I am concerned. 
There being no objection, the order to print 
was made as suggested. 
And then, on motion of Mr. WINSLOW, (at 
five minutes past four o'clock, p. m. , ) the House 
adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
WEDNESDAY, January 23, 1861. 
Prayer by Rcv. W. C. STITT, of Georgetown, 
District of Columbia. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
BILL RETURNED TO 'I'111C 1-10USE. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- 
ate the followino• resolution, received from the 
House of Representatives yesterday: 
IN THE HOUSE. OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
January 22, 1861. 
Resolved, That thc Clerk of this Ilouse be. directed to 
request the Senate to return House bill (No. '263) entitled 
An act tar the relief John Johnston, of' ()hio." 
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Secretary be 
directed to return that bill, in compliance with thc 
request of the I-louse of Representatives. 
'i'hc motion vvas agreed to. 
CRICDICNTIALS. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE the credentials of 
Ilon. LYMAN 'IIRUMBULI., elected a Senator of the 
United States by tho Legislature of the Stato of 
Illinois, for the term of six years, connnencino• 
the 4th of March, 1861 ; which wcre read, and 
ordered to be placed on the files. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of J. W. 
and others, citizens of Iowa, praying 
the passage (_)f bill 10 provide for the settluncnt 
elaitns of' the oflic,crs and soldiers of' the 
rovolutionury tunny•, which was referred to the 
on I?ensions. 
N'[r. IBIGLI.C.R presented two petitions of citi- 
7.eng of _F,nst.on, Pennsylvania, prayintr the adop- 
pronlise rneasurcs proposed by 
lion the 
I-Ion. J. J. CRITTENDEN; which werc ordered to 
iic the table. 
Mr. CFI ANI)LER presented the petition of 
Longün•d G. IBerry and others, citizens of Adrian, 
Michigan, prayin€r that attempt be made to 
at-nend the Constitution during the present unu- 
sual excitement; which was ordered to lic on the 
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of 
J. M. Richards and others, citizcris of Chicago, 
Illinois, expressing their satisfaction with a set- 
tlcment of the present political controversies by 
prohibiting slavcry in rrerritories north of 360 30' 
and recoffnizina• it south of that line; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. KING presented a memorial of citizens of 
! the State of Nev.' York, praying the adoption of 
the coinpronlise measures recornmendcd by the 
committee of the border States; which was or- 
dered to lie on the table. 
He also presented a petition of manufacturers 
of cutlery, edge-tools, machinery, &c., in New 
York, Connecticut, and Vermont, praying that 
tile duty on steel may not be increased; which 
was ordere(l to lic 01') the table. 
He also presented a petition of ship-owners and 
othecs interested in vessels, praying Lhat no alter- 
ation may made in the pilot laws of liåarch 2, 
1837, and August go, 1852; 
which was referred 
to the Conunii,tee Commerce. 
Mr. LANE asked, and by unanimous consent 
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 544) 
for the defense of Puget Sound and the mouth of 
the Columbia river; which was read twice by its 
title, and refrrred to the Committee on Military 
Affairs and Militia. 
Mr. COLLAMER asked, and by unanimous 
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 
545) in relation to the collection of duties on im- 
ports, and for other purposes; which was read 
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on 
Finance, and ordered to be printed. 
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 
Mr. G WIN, from the Committee on the Post 
Offco and Post Roads, to whom was referred the 
memorial of Dexter R. Crocker, praying com- 
pensation for transporting the mail from Canyon- 
Ville, Oregon, to Yreka, California, submitted a 
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 546) for 
tho relief of Dexter R. Crocker. The- bill was 
read, and passed to a second reading; and the 
report was ordered to be printed. 
Mr. BAY A RI), Crotn the Cominittec on the Ju- 
diciary, to w was referred thc bill (H. R. 
No. 488) authorizing tho holding of circuit and 
district courts of the United States for the south- 
ern district of Illinoisat the city of Cairo, reported 
it without amendment, h,vith a recommendation 
that it do pass. 
Mr. KENINEDY, from the Committee on the 
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the 
petition of Rev. Charles J. White, parish priest 
of St. Matthew's church, in the city of Wash- 
ington, praying authority to sell certain city lots 
now held by the proper ecclesiastical authority, 
for the benefit of the congregation of that church, 
reported a bill (S. No. 547) for the relief of the 
parish of St. Matthew's church, of the city of 
Washington; which was read, and passed to a 
second reading. 
INDIAN TRUST FUNDS. 
Mr. GREEN. I ask leave to introduce a joint 
resolution; and, if there bc no objection, to have 
it put on its passage now. 
Leave was granted to introduce the joint reso- 
lution (S. No. 61) making provision For the re- 
covery of' cdrtain bonds bc]ongino• to the Indian 
trust fund, and for other purposes; and it was 
read the first tilne„ by its title. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the joint 
olntion be read at length? 
Mr. SEWARD and others. Yes; it. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
DC it resolved, $•c., 'l'hat. A. B. Greenwood, Commissioner 
of Indian Alhtirs, Reverdv Johnson, and Montgo:nerv Blair, 
of the District of Colurnbia, be, and they are hereby, ap- 
pointed conunissioners 011 the part of the United States, to 
Inake fun and equitable scttlcrnclltand adjusttncnt of any 
and ail clailns and accounts between the United States and 
Willianl H. Russell, of' the State. of" Mi*souri, or any busi- 
nc.ss firniS or ccnnpanics now or heretotOre entyaged in tbe 
servicc ()fthe United States, with which the said 
II. Russell is or has been conneet.ed; and if, upon such set- 
tlcnncnt by said co:nmissioncrs, any surn or balance shall 
be ascertained to be due to the said Willimn II. Russell, as 
alOresaid, the saine shall be withheld bv the Secretary of' 
the proper I)epartmpnt until the said William II. Russelk 
shall have restored to the Secretary of the Interior, to the 
;unount of such sum or balance, any bonds or stocks 
belonging to or held in trust the Indians by tbc United 
States that may be ascertained to have c.cnne to his hands, 
in any Inanncr whatever; and upon the restoration of said 
l)011ds, as lict•ein provided, such surn or balance sliall, aft. 
deducting the expenses of this connnission, be paid to the 
order of the said Willianl H. Russell, out ot• any Inoney in 
the 'I'reasury not otherwise appropriated. 
Several SENATORS. Let it lie over. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will receive its 
second reading, if therc bc no objection. 
The joint resolution wus read the second time 
by its iit!e. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator 
propose to refer it to any committee? 
Mr. GREEN. mo, sir; 
let it lie on the table, 
It is understood, I think. 
Mr. CLARK. 1 move that it be printed. 
The motion was agreed to. 
HALE. 1 think that the joint resolution 
ought to go to a committee. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. No motion was 
made to refer it. 
Mr. IIALE. 1 move to refer it to the Com- 
mittcc on Finance. 
It was so referred. 
SAMPSON STANFILL. 
Mr. BAYARD. 1 am directed by the Com, 
