1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
519 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 am much obliged to the 
Senator from Ohio, and would prefer that a great 
deal. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I cannot consent to it. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 hope the Senator from 
Kentucky will not object. His resolutions have 
taken precedencc of everything else; but this bill 
is very important to the country just. now. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 say one word 
If remember aright, the bill 
on this subject. 
about which the Senator from Pennsylvania 
speaks came from the Comtnittee on Finance, 
with a recommendation that it be postponed until 
the 4th of March next, and was laid upon the 
table with the understanding that at smne early 
day, when the Senate, was full, it should be taken 
up and a day fixed for its consideration. Now, 
suppose the first vote to be taken must bc taken 
upon the question of postponement to the 4th of 
March. 
11 is with reference to that that we want 
a vote. Docs the Senator from Pennsylvania 
want that vote to-day? 
Mr. CAMERON.. 1 do not think that is the 
state of the question. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 want to know what 
the situation of tho bill is. 
Mr. CAMERON. There was report of the 
Committee on Financc, as the Senator from Maine 
states, on which there was no action; but (lurinqy 
the last week, I moved that this day should be set 
aside for the consideration of this bill, and that it. 
should bo the first special order for this day, and 
that was ao•reed to by a large vote of the Senate. 
take it, therefore, the bill is now before the 
Senate. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will suggest to the Senator 
fron) Pennsylvania that his measure is not mow 
bccorc the Senate. The first special order is the 
rcsolutions of the Senator from Kentucky; 
next is on a110ther subject. iVhen thc Senator 
ft•opn Ohio gets through his rctnau•ks, if nobody else 
follows hin), 
it will be in order for the Senator to 
his motion; but while these resolutions are 
pending, it is certainly notin order, unless by the 
unannnotts consent of the Senate; and I see that 
several gontkemen intend to insist on other bills, 
particularly the Pacific railroad bill; they are now 
ready to object. 
Mr. BIGLER. With the permission of my 
colleague, I will suggest to hirn, in order to get 
out of this diflicuity, to name a subsequent day, i 
say Friday 01' Saturday, for the consideration of 
this question. 
Mr. POLK. Friday is already given to private 
Mr. BIGLER. Let us say to-morrow. 
Mr. CAMERON. I do not see that 1 be 
a bit l)ettcr oil' by fixing it for to-morrow or any 
otherday, than am now. The Senator from Ohio 
has agreed to waive his right to the floor. 
Mr. GRINIES. I movc to postpone all other 
special orders, in order to take up this bill. 
If' that is no,- 
Mr. CANIERON. very well. 
cessary to accomplish my object I will do so; 
although I do not think it is. 
Mr. XHIIMF,S. That will accmnplish it. 
Mr. CAMERON. Then 1 other 
orders be postponed for the purpose of taking up 
muse bill No. 338. 
Mr. BIGLER. On that proposition desirc to 
say a word. I represent a State that is deeply 
interested in this question of the tariff. I am com- 
mitted to this policy; indeed, I am instructed by 
In y Legislature, and am anxious for the consid- 
eration of tho bill. But i havc repeatedly expressed 
my great desire for action on the resolutions of the 
Senator from Kentucky, as being more important 
than anything else; and my colleague will put me 
in the position of voting in favor of the postpone- 
ment of the resolutions of the Senator from Ken- 
tuck y, or voting to defer the consideration of the 
I believe we shall have ample time to con- 
tariff. 
sider the tariff bill fully and thoroughly after we 
have voted on these resolutions, and I shall there- 
fore vote against tho motion to postpone. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish to Inquire what 
the report of the commit.tee, accompanying that 
I want to know whether I am right or 
bill was. 
wrong about it. 
Mr. (HVII'V. The Senator is right about it. 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. CTheSecretary 
will read the order that is indorsed on the report. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
with a recommendation that it be postponed to the 4th day 
of March next. 
January 18, 1851. Resumed and postponcd to, and made 
the special order tor VVednesday, the 23d instant, at. one 
o'clock. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. What 1 wish to inquire 
is, whether that overrides the report of the com- I 
mittee. If it does, it is all very well. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special 
order now before the Senate is the joint resolutions 
offered by the Senator from Keniucky, being the 
unfinished business of yesterday. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That 1 understand; but 
I was inquiring what the effect of that reference of 
this bill was. A motion has becn made to post- 
pone all prior orders, and take up this bill; and I 
wish to inquire whether the action of the Senate 
already upon that bill, supersedes the report of 
the Commi ttee on Finance, so that when the proper 
time arrives, the bill itself is before the Senate, 
free from the recommendation of the comrnittec. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
understands that the order made on the 18th, 
which makes the bill the special order for this 
morning, continues the bill before the Senate. 
is here a special order, if there were. no other bus- 
'The question is on the 
iness interfi2t•ino• with it. 
motion of the Senator froin Pennsylvania, to post- 
pone the joint resolutions of thc Senator fronl Ken- 
tuckv, for thc purpose of taking up House bi\l 
No. 938B. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 hope that will not bc 
r I'he genllernan {'roun Pennsylvania has 
done. 
perhaps given very good reasons why his bili 
ought bc taken up and considered, but ho has 
given no reason why these resolutions ought, to 
I think he can hardly contend 
be postponed. 
that tho subject to which the bill relates is of more 
importance than that to which the resolutions rc- 
There is no reason, and there can be none, 
I think, why these resolutions ought to be post- 
for any b'.lsiness before the Senate. HG 
proposes the Well, sir, it is a melancholy 
question to ask, but we are, compelled to ask it: 
to what part of the United States would this tariff 
apply; what ports and what harbors? These are 
important sir. Let us, therefore, settle 
and determine the questions that relatc to the 
Union, and its stability, and then adopt a policy 
on the tariff. I hope the resoluti01')s will not bc 
postponed. 
Mr. HALE. Before motion is put, I want 
to ask a question of' the Conunittce on Finance. 
I believe the Senator from Virginia has withdrawn 
it; and I should like to have an answer from 
if I can get it. There 
the Senator from Maine 
was some discussion upon this bill wheyl it was 
up at the last session; but I wish to ask whether 
this tariff bilk fronl the I-louse was ever examined 
in detail tho Conn•nittce on Finance of this 
l\.tr. FESSENDEN. 1 can only say, in reply 
to the Senator, if it has been, I know nolhing 
I have never been able to givc ib any 
about it. 
examination whatcvcr; and indeed, I mav say 
that there has been examination whatever ffivcn 
to thc details of thc bill in the Committee on Ili- 
nanec. It was reported back with thc recommend- 
that it should be post- 
ation of the committee 
pone.d until thc 4th of March; and this is the way 
I-low much signifi- 
it stands before the Scnatc. 
cance that has, one way or tlxc other, I do not 
know. 
Mr. HALE. Then 1 want to say a single word 
I amas willing, as everybody knows, 
riffht here. 
to follow leaders as any enan in this body; and I 
am as desirous for a tariff as anybody; but I I)C- 
]ieve this tariff affects very essentially the. intcr- 
csts of the peoplc whom I represent; and am 
100t willing to vote upon it in the dark, until it has 
had the in-telligcnt ofa committee of 
this body; and that witl govern my vote when it 
comes up, party or no party. 
iMr. BIGLER. My colleague seems desirous 
of keeping the position of this hill; and I quite 
disposed to allow him to have his way about it. 
My own judgment is that it is not politic to press 
this measure this morning; but I believe I shall 
vote with him to take the bill up, expecting that 
after some discussion we shall fix a day for its 
I do not expect it to be dis- 
final disposition. 
posed of to-day. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, 1 wish to 
flave the position of this rnuttcr fully understood. 
I believed it to bc properly sent there, 
nan cc. 
because it had never been examined; and my wish 
and ho were that when it went to that comrnit- 
tee it s yould be thoroughly examined, so that if 
we were disposed to pass -it, we should pass it 
understandingly and with proper amendments. 
i have no doubt it requires some amendment. 
But the majority of that committee thought proper 
to bring it back to the Senate with a recom- 
mendatuon equivalent to its rejection entirely. 
Now, sic, my opinion is, that before tl-iis body 
acts upon it, il ought to go through the hands 
of a committee and be examined. My opinion 
further is, that when it is taken up in this Body, 
if tho recommendation of the Committee on 
Finance to postpone it to the 4th of March is 
rejected, it should then go back to the committee 
för exarnination and be reported at an curly day. 
That is my notion about it, although I Will not 
yress -it against the wishes of the Senators from 
ennsylvania. If they are disposcd to take it 
up and examine it here, and run the risk of its 
passacrc without such a previous examination, 
and a thorough one, I am perfcctly willing -that 
that should bc donc; but I do think that it ought 
to be taken up immediately, and I am surprised 
that it has not becn called up before. 
I did not 
consider it my business to do it. 
I hope it will 
be taken up immediately, and, if this recommend- 
ation of the, Committee on Finance is rejected, a 
day fixed when it shall bc acted upon, and that 
adhered to. 
Mr. CAMERON. What has been said by 
Senator from Maine makes it my duty to say some- 
thing about the course of the Committee on Fi- 
nance in reference to this bill. 
It will bo remem- 
bered that this bill passed the House carly in the 
last, session; and when it came here, it was re- 
ferred to the Committee on Finance. Perhaps I 
can 110t with propriety speak of the proceedings 
of' the committee; but on every day thut I had an 
opportunity, I urged upon the committee thc in- 
vestigation of the. bill. Tho whole session was 
wasted, and the bill was not cxamined. Again it 
was referred t.o the Committee on Finance by the 
Senator from Maine, when I brought the bill up 
this session. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no. 
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir; on your vote. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; 
thc Senator is 
cntirely mistaken. The report will show it. 
Mr. CAMERON. very well; 1 will not con- 
trudict the Senator. 
Hc ought to know better 
than I do. But it was referred again to thc com- 
mittee, and there. was no action had upon it, until 
at last a resolution vv'as adopted there, which is 
tantamount to its destruc.tion, recommending that 
it lie over until the 4th of March. *Now, I am 
tired of that. If gentlemen on this side, who are 
in favor of protection or some alteration in the 
tariff, will vote with us for this bill, we shall get 
what we desire; but we shall never obtain it if 
this thing is to continue all thc session, of post- 
poning for sorne frivolous reason or other, or re- 
ferring the bill back to a committec who will not 
investigate it. There is not a membcr of that 
committee who iVill look at it, except Scna- 
tor from Maine. What havc we, to gain by their 
looking at it? The truth is, such motions are 
only intcndQd to destroy the bill. Now, I 
perfectly willing when this bill Shull come up that 
a day certain shall be fixed to disposc of' it; but 
I have no desire to trust it again to that commit- 
tee for an examination. 
Mr. G WIN. I hope this will not come up 
to-day for consideration. 
It is well known to the 
members of the Committee on Finance-=I sup- 
pose there is no objection to referring to the opin- 
ions of the members of the committee—that a 
majority of tho committee, were opposed to this 
bill; and that a report was inade more than a 
month ago , with the object of ascertaining whether 
the majority of the Senatc would consider this 
question during the present session. 
As the Senator from Maine said, I expected it 
to come up lone ago; but, bei1P opposed to the 
Decenlber 20, 1860. Reported without amendincnt, and This bill was first sent to the Committee on Fi- 
bill, I was of the opinion that those members of 
the Senate who were in favor of it, were waiting 
for the happening of certain events which have 
happened here, by which a large vote against the 
bill has been thrown out, giving them a Letter 
prospect of pass: it. Now, a word as to the 
t delay. If the bilk had been taken up one month 
ago, I have no doubt it would have. been post- 
