520 
If it now comes up, 
poned to the 4th of March. 
gnd that postponement is decided against, the 
Scnator from Maine certainly has indicated the 
proper course, for the bill has not been examined. 
It was not examined by the Committee on Fi- 
nance, because they believed a majority of the 
Senate were opposed to the bill, and we wanted 
a test vote. Why go into the labor of preparinT 
amendments to this bill, or examining It at all, If 
a majority of the Senate were against it? If it had 
been voted on onc month ago, it would have been 
seen that such was the fact; but the vote was 
postponed for the purpose of having a full Senate 
to ascertain whether the subject should be con- 
sidered at all. That motion has been postponed 
for upwards of a month; and, in the mean time, 
six or eight Senators, who are opposed to the 
bill, have retired from the Senate. Now, the first 
question is: shall the bill bc considered during 
this session, or postponed to the 4th of March, 
which is equivalent to its rejection. After that is 
decided, if the Senate will entertain the bill, iL 
ought certainly to be examined by some commit- 
tee; for it is, in my judgment, one of the crudest 
bills that over was presented to the Senate of the 
United States, although it is on one of the rnost 
important subjects. Therefore, I hope it will not 
bo taken u now. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The statement the Sena- 
tor from Maine, that this bill has not been ex- 
amined in detail by the Committee on Finance, I 
think, demonstrates the necessity of a recom mittal 
of the bill for the purpose of its undergoing such 
an investigation. It is very clear that of all the 
measures upon which we have to act, a tariff* bill 
is the one that should be examined in its details 
critically by a committee, who are presumed to 
understand thc subject, and have been appointed 
for that purpose. Now, since the events of the 
last fcw wccks, there has been, or is to be, a change 
in the position of the Committee on Finance. The 
chairrnan of that committee, [MI'. I-IUNTER,] who 
has served the Senate and the country in that 
position with so much ability for many years, 
has deemed it his duty to retire; and I understand 
that he places his withdrawal from the committce 
on the ground that he no longer represents a rna- 
iority of the body. These events, changing the 
character of the Sehate, transfer tbc power in this 
body from this side of the Chamber to the other 
side. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; we have not 
Mr. DOUGLAS. well, you have got it so 
nearly that two or three days will give it to you 
conclusively; and the resignation of the chairman 
of the Committee on Finance is predicated, as I 
understand, on that fact. 
From this time out, 
the other side of the Chamber have the respons- 
ibility of the action of lhis body, and are entitled 
to their representation in the committees. 
strikes rne, therefore, 
that the first is for 
thern to proceed to thc election of a chairman of 
the Conennit,tec on Finance who rcprcscnt.s thcir 
views, and to fill the other vacancies, so that that 
important committee will roflect the policy of a 
majority of the Senate, and then reconunit this 
bili to tho committee as thus organized; and when 
they make a report upon it, wb shall bc rca(ly to 
act upon it. 
I think that is the truc mode of 
proceeding. 
It does not fbliow that after tho 
Senate shall have appointed a new chairman of 
thc Committee on Finance, and flilcd the vacan- 
cies on that conn•nittce, there will be tho same 
report on this bill; there may be a different report 
from that made by thc committee -who recoin- 
mended its postponement to the 4th of March. 
does fi)llow that this bill ought not to be passed 
until it has been examined by a conunit.tee in de- 
tail. We must, therefore, either recommit it to 
the Committee on Finance, or create a special 
committee to make the necessary investigation, 
before we act upon it. 
Inasmuch as the objec- 
tion in the way of an investigation by the Com- 
mittcc on Finance has becn retnoved by the resitr- 
nations on that cornmittec, all you have to do is 
to procccd to elect a chairman of that committee, 
and filt up your vacancies in a manner that will 
bo satisfactory to a majority of the Senate, and 
then recommit the bill 
, and have a report on its 
the Ineasare. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
January 23, 
I Senate to consider this bill at the present session. 
This bill was got up in the House of Representa- 
tives with a great deal of labor and investigation. 
I doubt whether any bill connected with the tariff, 
or any other questiofi, has passed the House of 
Representatives for years, to which so much time 
I 
and labor have been devoted. It comes here. 
do not think it perfect. It proposesgreat changes. 
1 think the Senate ought to take time to examine 
it, and examine it with care-. Therefore, we 
should act upon it to-day; and if it is to go back 
to the Committee on Finance, let us send it back 
at once, and give that committee time to act upon 
it. But there are, I understand, now before that 
c6mmittee several appropriation bills from the 
House of Representatives for their consideration ; 
and I do not know whether they will have time 
enough to devote to this bill that attention which 
ought to be devoted to it for the next fevvr days. 
If they cannot do it, I think the Senate should 
appoint special committee, and send this bill to 
that special comrnittce, and Ict them devote the 
days and nights to its consideration, for it is a 
question of great importance to the country. 
Sir, there has been a pressure here for nearly 
four years to modify the revenue laws of this 
country. 'I'hc President has repeatedly recom- 
mended these changes; the late Secretary of the 
Treasury resisted Chem. The chairman of the 
Committee on Finance has resisted a modification 
of the revenue laws. Nov,' , all the reliances that 
have been put by the Senate and the country 
upon the estimates of these officers have failed. 
We have been incurring debts; we have borrowed 
vast sums of money; and we zu•e now told that 
we want $20,000,000 more to carry us through, I 
think, to the close of the fiscal year. The time 
has come for action; and this Congress should 
not adjourn without passinff a well-devised rove- 
nuc law for the country. have no time to 
lose. We should take up the bill, I think, and 
act upon it to-day, and send it to the Committee 
on Finance to bc thoroughly examined; or, what 
perhaps Ilia y be better, if that committee be over- 
burdened with labor, as they may be, with the 
numerous appropriation bills from the House of 
Representatives, to a spectal committee, that can 
give thcir days to tho consideration of the details 
ofa measure so important to the country. 
Mr. TRULVIBULL. 1 desire simply to correct 
a misapprehension which [ have noticed in the 
newspapers, and have heard in the Senatc this 
mormng, in regard to the political condition of 
parties in this body. I am quite willing to take 
my share of responsibility, but I am very un- 
willing that the Republican party should be held 
respofisible for what passes this Senate, or for the 
non-acti01') of the Senate, in regard to important 
mutters, when they have no power whatever here. 
-we have been told this morning that we should 
elect a chairman of'the Finance Committee. MT hy, 
sir, there is a majority of six aoainst us here in the 
Senate. There ai•efifty-cightpe-rsons here, bolding 
seals, and there are but twenty-six Republicans. 
rl'herc are thirty-two against us. We can carry 
no measure; wc can elect no man upon any com- 
mittee. 
I should be very glad to find that Sena- 
tors upon the other side, satisfied of the errors of 
their ways, were joining with us and giving us a 
majority; and then I should be willing to share 
my proportion of the responsibility; and I think 
we should see a different class of legislation from 
what has been witnessed in the Senate for some 
time past, if we had t\'kat majority. 
rose simply to correct that niisapprehension, 
so that the country should not suppose that the 
responsibility for non-action, or action cither, 
I was upon the Republican organization in this 
body. It has been repeated often; it has been said 
that we could settle everything in the country; 
but we have no power to pass anything. Thore 
is a workincr majority against us upon every ques- 
tio n. 
Mr. BIGLER. know, Mr. President, 
that I have ever witnessed an instance in which 
an effort x,vas made to pass a bill by onc body be- 
causc it had passcd another, and in the precise 
terms in which it had been passcd by the other, 
that did not lead 10 delay and danger. 
f have all 
thc while been of' the opinion that, however thor- 
in trhe*i-louse of Representatives, Senators would 
Mr. WILSON. It seems to sir, that, we feei that it was due to the magnitude of the sub- 
have no time to lose, if it be thc purpose of the II ject and the obligations that rest upon them, that 
they should examine it, or some committee for 
them, in order that when it camc up here for final 
disposition, some Senator, or some two or three 
Senators, should be able to meet every question 
presented in reference to it, not only as to the 
general, theory upon which it is based, but its 
practical operation ; and I therefore concur mainly 
in what the Senator from Massachusetts has said, 
that now we had better take up this bill and com- 
I do not mean a committee 
mit it to a committee. 
acrainst it, as would be the Committee on Finance 
as heretofore constituted, but a committee of those 
who arc willing to strike the proper medium on 
this question, and to act promptly. I think that 
can be more safely done by a select committee of 
three or five Senators; and if the Senator from 
Rhode Island, [ Mr. SIMMONS,] who is evidently 
more familiar with this subject, who, from his long 
experience and practical connection with the whole 
question, better understands it than any other 
member of this body, will indicate his willingness 
to commit this bill to a select committee, with the 
understanding that it shall act promptly and thor- 
ought y, I shall vote for that; believing that in 
doing so I act the part of a true friend of that just 
policy which my constituents desire. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I am not one of those who 
choose to commit themselves to anything to get 
a question up. It is my intention, If we can get 
this question up, to make a motion; but until it 
comes up, I do not suppose it is necessary to in- 
dicate what the motion will be. 
Mr. BIGLER. That is enough. Let us take 
it up, and then let the Senator make his motion. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 will only say, in regard to 
the action of the Committee on Finance upon 
this bill •svhile was a member of that cornmit- 
tee, that it will be found that it was sent to that 
committee on the 11th and returned on the 20th 
of December, being in the possession of the com- 
mittee only nine days, and it wras returned be- 
cause a majority believed that we could not at 
this session pass any proper revenue rneasure. 
For onc, I did not believe that the other system 
had had a fair trial. We were gettin«y a larger 
revenue than we had donc for many years, up to 
the period of these political troubles, and I have 
no idea that any tariff that ym_l can pass will pro- 
duce revenue enough until they can be settled or 
pass away in some mode. 
I did, not believe, for 
one, therefore, that this was the proper time to 
act upon it, and that was reason enough foe me, 
without a particular examination of the bill, to 
vote for its postponement until the 4th of March. 
So far as the bill is concerned, I myself did ex- 
amine it last session, and Ido not believe itaffords 
foundation even for a proper rcvenuc measure; 
but I know that there is a majority in the Senate 
ofa different opinion. I dare say a special com- 
mittee may be a very good one to consider it. 
Perhaps that is the proper direction, and I shall 
not resist it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BRIGHT.) 
T hc question is on postponing the unfinished 
business of yesterday, for the purpose of taking 
up House bill No. 338. 
Mr. BIGLER. Perhaps we can take up this 
bill now by common consent. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would rather go on with 
the resolutions. 
Mr. BIGLER. Very well; let the question be 
put. 
Mr. CLINGMAN called for the and 
nays; and thev w•cre ordered. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 desire to have the 
question very distinctly on the postponement of 
the resolutions. The motion is, I believe, to post- 
pone all tbc preceding orders of the day, to take 
up this bill. Cannot I ask to divide the question, 
and have it first on the postponement? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is susceptible of division, and the first vote then 
will be on postponing the special order. 'That 
leaves it in the power of the Senate to take up any 
other business. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Cannotldivide the spe- 
Cial orders to be postponed? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
statcs that the question will be divided in that 
form. 
IVIr. CRITTENDEN. the question on 
my resolutions, if I can have it. 
•The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
states that he will put the question in that form, 
