522 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 23, 
in Oregon ; and for the construction of this branch, a grant 
of alternate sections of land for six miles on each side of 
said road is hereby made, to be selected in odd numbers 
from the nearest unoccupied and unappropriated agricul- 
tural land. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. G WIN. The amendment offered by the 
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. BENJAMIN] the other 
day, and adopted by the Senate, in regard to the 
corporation, as it is called, making it merely a 
board of commissioners, makes it a matter of not 
so much importance whose names are inserted. 
Several Senators have suggested the names' of 
gentlemen of capital and experience in their sec- 
tions•of the country, whose names, as commis- 
sioners, as I may now call them, would be of great 
consequence in the organization of this great work. 
I sent up those names, at the suggestion of those 
Senators, and hope they will be inserted in the 
proper place. 
"I'he Secretary read the amendment; to insert, 
at the cnd of the thirty-fourth line of the first sec- 
tion, the followinff.• 
Edward Learned, James M. Cook, Erastus Corning 
Jaures Souter, F. P. dames, Samuel F. Butterworth, 
and S. L. M. Barlow, of New York; Watts f3hcrman and 
'I'hornas A. Scott, of Pennsylvania; and Daniel P. Rhodes. 
of Ohio. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do 
any committee? 
should like to inql_lirc of the 
Senator from California whether this is a mere 
preference, of his ? 
Mr. GWIN. No, sir. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 understand 
tee of the House of Representatives have consid- 
ered this subject, and certain names have been in- 
serted as corporators. I know nothing mysclf of 
I know nothing of 
tho seléction of these names. 
the names no •w' proposed; but there ought, it sccms 
to Ine, to be some reason o•iven for addino•a list of 
names nt this time. 
Mr. GS'VIN. Ifthc Senator had listened to me 
when I offered the amend rnct)t, hc would have un- 
dcrstood the reason why I did ()iFer it. The amend- 
Ellent of the Senator from Loui.srana 
having left 
this matter open entirely, and changed the char- 
of the bill as it camc from tbc House, a num- 
ber of Senators have suggested the names of olhcr 
parties, inasmuch as it was open to subscription. 
They are the names of parties whom it would be 
important to have in originating and starting this 
great enterprise, men of large Wealth and experi- 
ence in railroad matters. 
' r hcy wexe 
to mc by members of thc Senate. I have no narne 
myselt' to propose ut all from any i')ortion of the 
country; certainly, none fron'i r•ny own country; 
but il was supposed that these names would aid 
in orga nizing and starting this great enterprise. 
That was my reason for offering them. 
should 
not, have ofTGrcd any name, if it had not, been that 
the arnendmcnt of Lho Senator from• Louisiana left 
iL an quest.ion fin• every person to subscribe 
that c..hooscs to (10 it. 
Mr. J BAKER. Will the Senator from Caliiör- 
nia have the narncs of the States designated, so 
that we Inay see from what States they ? 
Mr. G WIN. rl*hc persor)s are named, and the 
States from which they comc—Ncw York, Ohio, 
and Pennsylvania. I intended to oflör sorne from 
the State of Illinois; but, as the Senators from 
that State did not acyree on the narnes, and nobody 
had objected to these, I have offered them sepa- 
rately. Those that come fronl Illinois I will name 
afterwards. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER 
in the chair. 
) Is the Senate ready for tho ques- 
tion on the amendment proposed by tho Senator 
from California , to insert the names that have been 
mentioned ? 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. GWIN. Now,Mr. President, 1 offer two 
names from the State of Illinois. 
i will state in 
advance that, as the Senators from that State do 
not acrree about these names, I offtn• them with- 
out any feeling on tl'le subject as to the partics 
named. I want to get the names of individuals 
who• will aid in this great enterprise. 
I would 
not have o(Fered m') y narne, as the Senators from 
the Statc did not agree upon them; but it was dc- 
sired bv onc of the Senators that at least one of 
the names presonte.d should be offered; the other 
Senator did not object to that; and I have offered 
both of thcrn. 
I noove to add at the end of the 
names of Virgil Hickox and 
last {unendrnent the 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move to amend the 
amendment by adding the names of William B. 
Ogden and Henry Farnham. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 may as well state very 
frankly the point of difference, of opinion on this 
question. At the last session, I think it was, 
when this bill was pending in the House of Rep- 
resentatives, a member of the House, having it in 
charge, came to me and told me that they wanted 
a man from Illinois. They had selected one who 
was a Republican and thcy wanted one who was 
a Democrat, so as to deprive it of any partisan 
character. They said they had selected the name 
of -William B. Ogden, who was a Republican, and 
I considered 
wanted the name of a Democrat. 
William B. Ogden a very proper gentleman, and 
there was no objection to him. I gave them the 
name of John Moore, a Democrat, x.vho is a re- 
tired politician and has now no connection with 
politics, and 'vv110 eminent.ly possesses the con- 
fidenceofthepeople of the State of Illinois. When 
the bit! catne 1 n here, I found they had stricken out 
William B. Ogden und put in the names of three 
very active politicians—John Wentworth, N. B. 
J add, and Mr. Hammond. There were three 
against one, who was not an active politician. I 
suggested to my colleague that I thought this ougb t 
to be stripped of its partisan character, either by 
striking out the two active politicians—Mr. Went- 
worth and Mr. Judd—and let it stand John Moore 
and Charles G. Hammond; or by putting in two 
others, so that if there were three on one side there 
would be three on the other, and thus it would be 
divested of any appearance of political partisan- 
ship. I am willing now to strike them all out but 
one on cach side; or I am willing to make it two 
or three on a side; but Iam unwilling that it shall 
be made a partisan concern by carrying partisan 
politics into it. My coilcague does not object 
whey) 110 has in the bill three Republicans, who are 
very violent partisans, and only one Democrat. 
He does not object to the addition of two I)cnno- 
c rats to l)lakc il even; but he wants put ill two 
tnore Republicans, so as aqrain to cret the prepon- 
derancc. 
I protest against party politics con)ine 
into this question; 
and for that reason I insist 
either on striking out all but ono on each) side— 
onc I)cmocratand one Repu blican—or Icavincr two 
Democrats and two Republicans, or three Deni()- 
crats and three Republicans, just as you please, 
to keep it even on each side. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, my col- 
league has had the advantage of me so far as being 
consulted in regard to these names is concerrted. 
I never consultcd, and I did not know ",vhat 
narnes were inserted in the bill until it came to the 
Senate and I saw them here. 
I supposed those 
names were selected without reference to party; 
and though my colleague says they are very active 
partisans, I did not know the politics of Mr. 
Hammond. 
In regard to another, Mr. MT entworth, I may 
say that he is quite as tnuch of a party man on 
the side of my colleague as hc is upon ours. W c 
do not claim him as party man. 
I do not. 
I 
am quite willinc, if the Senator objects to him on 
party grounds, that he shall have somebody else. 
He certainly is not selected in consideration of his 
party politics. 
i had nothing to do with his se- 
lection. 
If I were selecting men on that ground, 
certainly I should not have selected him. 
I am 
quite satisfied to let the names remain as they 
very well that he has been quite as much of a 
party man in hostility to Republicanism as he has 
been in its favor. Therefore, if ho proposes to 
add two names, I propose two other gentlemen. 
They are not party men. I have named those 
gentlemen. Mr. Ogden is a gentleman largely in- 
terested in railroads—more so, perhaps, than anv 
man in the State of Illinois; a man of large means, 
who has had a good deal to do with the railroad 
interests of the West; and he is a very proper per- 
son, independent of any party feeling, as I pre- 
surne my colleague will agree at once, to be one 
of the corporators in this railroad bill. The other 
gentleman named, Mr. Farnham, is also a rail- 
road man. Neither of these gentlemen, I pre- 
sume, would be called an active partisan; although 
one of them is at this time a member of the Illi- 
It is because they 
nois State central committee. 
are interested in the object of this bill that I have 
named them; and not in consideration of any par- 
tisan fcelingswhicheitherof them may have. The 
persons named by the gentlemen are, as individ- 
uals, unexceptionable, so far as I know; but they 
arc not so exclusively connected with the railroad 
interest.s of the West as are M t'. Ogden and Mr. 
Farnham. I have no objection to the names of 
Mr. Hickox and Mr. Higbee being inserted; but 
if •they are about to be put in on -the ground of 
their being partisans, then ask to insert two 
other names of persons who are not partisans, 
but very worthy men. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, 1 am 
ishcd at the statement of my colleague that Mr. 
Wentwortl'i is not a Republican and a partisan. 
I regard him as the most powerful and formidable 
partisan in Illinois. 
In northern Illinois, he is 
thc very soul of your party, by far the most in- 
fluential and powerful adversary that I have per- 
do 
sonally, or that the Democratic party has. 
not object to l')is name in this bill on that ground. 
He is not a railroad man. He is a partisan; but 
I do not object to it. 
My colleague has said that Mr. Hickox was 
chairman of thc Statc Democratic central com- 
If hc wished to havc been candid, he 
mittce. 
. would have said that Mr. Judd was the chairman 
of the Republican State central committee in the 
battlc fighting me. 
I think the one balances the 
l- do not object to Mr. Judd on that ground; 
but if he is sincere in his objection to Mr. Hickox, 
because he was chairman of the Democratic com- 
mittee, as an honest man he is bound to object to 
his own man for tbc same reason. One wili coun- 
tcrbalance the ot.hcr. 
As to Mr. Hammond, hc savs he does not 
I ao not object to 
know that he is a partisan. 
Mr. Hammoid•, f am willing to leave him in the 
bill; but he is n partisan. I have reason to know 
that ho not only was a partisan, but that his rail- 
road was a partisan railroad. 
In the contest of 
1856 1 had to witness the fact with my own eyes, 
that Deuuocrats could not ride home frozn a mass 
meeting by his railroad unless they rode under 
the Frénnont flag; and hundreds of men were com- 
pelled to go home in unolher way, rather than 
submit to the humiliation of riding on a partisan 
railroad, carrying partisan flags on its cars. He 
does not know that these men are partisans! 
Why, you would not have had a party but for 
the money and the power of these rnen. 
Ido not 
object to them on that ground; butl want the bill 
stfippcd of its partisan character by equalizing it. 
came from the House of R.epresentatives; but 
I say to my colieague, strike out all the names 
when the names of four gentlernen from Illinois 
have been put into the bill without any reference 
whatever to politics, so far as I know—for I vvyas 
not consulted on the subject—I am not quite will- 
ing that n) y colleague shall come into the Senate and 
ask that two party Inen shall be put in—the chair- 
man of' the Democratic committee of Illinois, and 
another violent partisan. That looks to me a lit- 
. tle like bringino• party into the bill. Ido not sup- 
posc that eitheé of the four names in the bill ori- 
ginally were selected with a view to party; but it 
shows that there is some party feeling about it, 
when it is insisted that they must be divided 
equally between the parties. 
I wish no party to 
enter into this bill. 
I have not been consulted; 
and I had nothing to do with the selection of the 
four narnes from Illinois; but they are not parti- 
san, so far as i know, with the exception of one. 
Mr. Judd is a party man, and known as a Re- 
publican. MI'. Wentworth, perhaps, may be re- 
C. L. iliobcc, of lilinois. 
il garded as a party man; but my colleague knows 
but one on cach side. He may choose one, and 
I I.vill designate John Moore as the Democrat. If 
he objects to Ilim, I will take another. 
He may 
designate a Republican, and if he is not personally 
I objeclionablc, ho may come in. I will put in no 
man to whom he objects. He may have a veto 
on my Inan, and I will have one On his. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then you will never get 
anybody in. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, 1 will. He may take 
William B. Odgen, the man whom he eulogizes 
so much. 
I do not object to hirn. He may take 
Mr. Hammond, whose politics he does not know. 
I do not object to him. He Inay take the partisan 
chairman of his committee, Mr. Judd. I will not 
object to him, but will just offset anothcr man 
against him. If he takes the chairman of his com- 
mittee, I will talcc the chairman of ours. 
leaves off the chairman of his committee, I will 
leave off the chairman of ours. 
I want the bill 
stripped of its party character. 
I never dreamed 
