1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
523 
of putti1P a party man into the board; and when 
suggested old John Moore, I did so because he 
is not an active politician, and because, 
retired from politics, he was selected by the unan- 
imous vote of the State, as the trustee to hold the 
I want no party char- 
Illinois Central road trust. 
I will agree to strike out all the 
acter in the bill. 
names from Illinois, or I will agree to put in a 
man on each side, or two on side, or three on a 
side, equalizing it; that is all I ask. The Senate 
now can vote on the first two names. Then, if 
these are put in, he can renew the others; but I 
give notice that I shall renew name for name, 
until they are equalized, cither by striking out, or 
bv adding to the names in the bill. 
*Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, 1 regret that 
we should have anything said here about Illinois 
party politics, or the party politics of any other 
State, in regard to this railroad. The Senator 
from Louisiana [Mr. RENJA*MIN] offered an arnend- 
ment the other day, which was adopted, to 
this matter open to everybody in the country who 
I must confess I do not see 
chose to come in. 
any particular reason to c.han«re that provision; 
but if it is thought best to change it, and to con- 
fine it to certain persons named in the bill, I do 
not care a fig what the politics of the men are who 
are to go in it. 
If I could have ten, ova hundred, 
or a thousand, or ten thousand good names of 
men who are ready to put their money into that 
road, and use their influence to construct it, I 
would never ask whether they were of one polit- 
ica[ party or the other. The great point is to get 
men of talent, of influence, men of money, to take 
hold of and build this road; and with all the in- 
ducernents that are in this bill, Iam not sure that 
that class of men will invcst their money or give 
their time to the construction of this road. 
But, sir, if we arc to put names in the bill, 1 
hope we shall l'iave no wranglin« here about thcir 
party politics; but shall select men of influence; 
inen who have means; rnen -who can command 
rncans; rnen who can command influences to bring 
money for the construction of the road. Now, 
there ara three names from my State mentioned 
in the bill, and I never stop to ask what their pol- 
In looking over them, I have the im- 
itics are. 
pression that one of them belongs to the Repub- 
lican party. There are other names that I would 
be glad to sec in that bill; and if we are to put 
I would 
names in, propose to put some there. 
propose Mr. John M. Forbes, a gentleman who 
one of the largest owners of railroads in the 
country; he is interested in the Michigan, the St. 
Joseph, and other roads; hc is a man of great 
ability, of business character, of wealth, and of 
There is Mr. 
position in every other respect. 
Chester W. Chapin, president of the Western rail- 
road of my own State, a Democrat of Democrats. 
I care nothing about his politics. Then thero is 
Mr. Genncry Twitcheli, president of the Wor- 
cester road, rnan of great visror and great cn- 
erg y; and E. Elasket Derby, who has written 
more, in regard to this Pacific. railroad, and rail- 
roads in this country, and who understati(ls the 
whole railroad interest of this country perhaps 
better than any man in it, or as well as any, un- 
less it be Mr. Poor, of New York. Then there 
is Mr. Samuel Hooper, an eminent merchant of 
Boston, a man largely engaged in railroads. 
should like to see such names go into the bill. 
1 
could pick thenl out in Iny own State and section 
of country by the hundred; and I would not stop 
to ask what their politics arc. All I want to know 
is, will these men cive their time; will they con- 
tribute their means; will they use their influence 
to get the means to construct this Pacific railroad ? 
That is all the question I ask, and it is all any of 
us ought to ask here. 
Mr. 'I'RU*MBULL. 1 agree with the Senator 
from Massachusetts entirely, that the party pol- 
ities of the gen tletnen named here should have 
nothing to do with the bill, and they had not, so 
far as I know anything about it, until my col- 
Icague came in and asked us to put in men as party 
men. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 beg pardon— 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the reason. Hc 
put it on the ground that there were not as many 
Democrats there as Republicans, and he made his 
proposition tor the purpose of havilV party men. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 beg pardon; 1 have not 
I stated that I pro- 
proposed them as partisans. 
posed to my colleague privately the objection that 
it had a partisan character. It has. Mr. Hickox, 
to whom he objects, has had more f.o do with rail- 
roads, or as much as any man in Illinois. He 
has been identified with t.he St. Louis and Chicago 
railroad from its beginning. He is a thorough 
railroad man. The men that 1 propose have as 
much to do with railroads as the men he proposes. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, my col- 
league has made his speech, and the •vvhole bur- 
dcn of it is, and nothing else, that he wants these 
men herc as party men. He says he is willing 
to strike them all out but two, but he wants man 
fbr rnan as partisans. That is the very object of 
th is motion, the very burden of it, and nothingelse. 
Why object to the bill as it came from the House, 
when one man is named in regard to whose pol- 
itics I never heard, if it is not for party consider- 
ations? What is his speech? Who has dragged 
parties into the Senate here and urged that man 
for man should go into the bill as corporators, 
because of party feeling, as if men could not build 
a railroad unless they were Democrats? I stated 
that I had nothing to do with the names that were 
put in this bill, and never knew who they '.vere 
until the bill came here. 
But the most extraordinary statement is made 
here, that Mr. John Moore is not a partisan. 
Why, sir, I know Mr. John Moore very well; 
and a bitterer partisan there is not in the State. 
He used to be Lieutenant Governor of the Slate. 
have no objection to his 
Ile is a good Inan. 
going into this railroad company; but you will 
find that he was at all your party meetings for the 
last twenty years. As the men who have already 
been selected have been selected without reference 
to party, certainly, so far as I know anything 
about it—and my colleague was consulted, and 'l 
was not—if men are to bc added because of polit- 
icai considerations, I have named two gentlemen, 
because my colleague has narned two; but I am 
well enough satisfiZ(l with the bill. 
But he gets up a dispute as to Mr. Wcntworth 's 
politics; and he says he is the champion of Rc- 
publican ism. Well, I arn not disposed to discuss 
Mr. Wentworth 's politics, nor do 1 carc whether 
he is in the bill or not. John Moore is a Demo- 
crat. Thero arc but four mums there; and if Mr. 
Wentworth is such a partisan that you are afraid 
of him, take him out, and put in somebody else. 
that the Seriator fronl fllinois 
I prefer, however, 
should not select party rncn for Inc. 
But he says that Mr. I-lamilton is a party Xian ; 
and hc speaks of the railroads. '110 a person 
Illinois, who knows its politics as I do, who has 
traveled all over the State, and on all the railroads, 
and has seen the influence of the railroads in clcc- 
tions, operating acrainst the Republican party 
cverywhere; who has scen the Democrats carried 
on frec tickets all over thc State, when Republi- 
cans have been paying their 
it is, to Ine,a 
most astonishing accusation. 
But I do not want to go into thcsc partisan 
questions; and I am sorry they are dragged in 
here in reference to a. great measure like this for 
the building a Pacific railroad. I look upon it 
as a very small Inatter; and i was quite willing 
that the names should remain as they were. The 
names were selected, I presume, without any 
reference to party; and I am williF)g they shall 
stand as they are now. But since In y colleague 
has talked about party and putting in partisans, 
if there is any importance to bc attached to it, 
when hc puts in his two party men, to whom I 
do not object; if others are to go in let. I-1is two 
men cro in; but let Mr. Ogden and Mr. Farnham 
also go in, who are men that ought to be in the 
bill irrespective of any partisan considerations 
whatever. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, 1 do not 
wish to prolong this debate. There is nothing 
more objectionable to than a debate of this 
kind upon party politics on a bill of this descrip- 
lion. 
I went to iny colleague and told him that 
out reference to party. Ihappen to know they 
were selected with reference to party. W -heri I 
was consulted , it was stated that they had selected 
•William B. Ogden on the one side and waited a 
man on the other. I gave them John Moore. 
He is just as unobjectionable as Mr. Ogden. He 
isa Democrat; Mr. Ogden is a Republican. John 
Moore is out of offce; Mr. Ogden is a Republi- 
can member of the Legislature now, the nominec 
of his party at the last election. I reckon he is 
not without politics. He was seiectcd for the 
purpose of voting for my colleague, and he dis- 
charged-the. duty. Then they want to put in two 
men who have no claim on earth but as partisans 
—John Wentworth and N. P. Judd, men that 1 
have reason to believe would never allow an engi„ 
neer or a contractor, or a subordinate; to work on 
a railroad they had control of, if they did not 
avree with them in politics, if they could prevent 
it. 
•I havc never known more unscrupulous men 
in politics than they are. 
Mr. TRUMBULL- Why not take Wentworth 
Out, if you want to do so ? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Ah! now he says that Went- 
worth is not a good Republican of his stamp, and 
Judd is. He is willing to take Wentworth out. 
Why is hc not willing that I should take Judd 
out? If he is not governed by politics, why not 
Ict Judd come out as well as Wentworth? The 
reason is this: is as good a Republi- 
can as colleague; but he is the enemy of my 
colleague, and Judd and Wentworth both are 
mortal enemies of myself. That is the difference. 
My colleague wishes to get Wentworth out as a 
matter of personal revenge on Wentworth because 
he cannot control him in his party. I scorn all 
this. Strike thcm all out; leave the State without 
any, and I shall be satisfied. Put in a man that 
is not objectionablc on the score of politics, and 
I shall be satisfied. I repeat, I will not vote to 
put in a man that my colleague says is an im- 
I will take Mr. Ogden, or Mr. Ham- 
proper one. 
ilt0E), or Mr. Farnham. They are Republicans, 
but they are railroad men as well as Republicans; 
or I will take men on the other side. 
I consider 
this effort to keep the preponderance in that State 
asa deliberate attempt to turn the Pacific railroad 
into a partisan scheme. 1 felt bound to protest 
against this party scheme in the beginnill(". 
did it privately to my colleague, because I did 
not want it to come publicly into thc Senate. 
the, tenacity with which my colleague insists upon 
a Republican majority in that board shows me. 
I that the information I received was right; shows 
me that it is a scheme to make a party machine 
out of the Pacific railroad, and that the interests 
of the road are to be sacrificed for partisan )ur- 
I will vote for equalizing it, and if t )ere 
poses. 
IS any suspicion of party politics in reference to 
tbc narncs in other States, I will vote to equalize 
them in cvery instancc, so that they cannot be 
It is not accidental that 
used for party purposes. 
I have a reason to be- 
this thing has been done. 
It has more in it than 
lieve that it is a design. 
appears upon the face of it. And yet my aversion 
to uttering a word on party politics in connection 
with the railroad induced me to go my coileague 
and point out this objection, and ask him quietly 
to consult with his Republican friends and adjust 
I hope the Senate now will strip this 
the nmtter. 
bill of a party character. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. 
in chair.) Is the Senate ready for the qnes- 
tion on the arnendment proposed by the Senator 
from Caiifornia ? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 am at in voting 
upon this amendment; and dcsire to know 
whether it would be in order to move fora special 
committee, with power to send for persons and 
papers, to examine this question that has arisen 
between thc two Senators from Illinois. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
thinks not, without committing the bill to them at 
this looked as if was a party machine, so far as the same time. 
IHinois was concerned; and 'I proposed to him, . 
privately, not to have a word in the Senate; to 
strike out all but two men, or else put in two on 
a sidc, or three on a side; and pledged him that 
would not name a man that he objected to; that 
hc might veto any man that was narned. IVIy 
object was to cret those that had no politics, or to 
neutralize the politics; but hc would not consent 
He talks about these men being selected with- 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have not the information 
to enable me to vote. The Senators disagree with 
each other in relation to some of these individ- 
uals. If we could get at the facts of the case by 
a proper and thorough investigation, it would be 
probably a very profitable use of the powers of 
the Scnatc. 'The bill, as it now stands, provides 
for certain commissioners to receive subscrip- 
tions, and allows anybody that chooses to j01n 
them. As the bill •originally stood, before the 
