524 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 23, 
amendment that I had the honor to offer was 
adopted, it seemed to me very much like a job; it 
had all the föatures of a job; and if I had wanted 
a personal interest in the bill, I do not know that 
could havc devised a better scheme than draw- 
ing up the bill just as it was drawn, by which I 
would name friends to whom all these grants were 
to be made by Congress, and then give them the 
power to let in such parties as they should pick 
out. If I had a direct personal interest in getting 
into a job of this kind, I think I should consider 
that a very ingenious and satisfactory mode of 
accomplishing the object. The bill looked to me 
exactly that way; and I therefore offered the 
amendment which the Senate thought proper to 
adopt. But now, since that amendment has been 
adopted, of what earthly consequence is it if you 
have any names in the bill at all, or have them 
all Democratic orall Republican? Everybody now 
has a right to join the scheme. The only ques- 
tion that will ever be asked ofa man who wishes 
to subscribe is, whether he has got the money to 
put up; and hence I cannot for my life conceive 
tn what way this party question can come up. 
But as the Senators from Illinois do seem to at- 
tach importance to it, and there is something prob- 
ably concealed tinder it which the rest of the Sen- 
ate cannot see, and upon which I, for one, an-I 
totally unable to vote without further investiga- 
tion, I wish some gentleman skilled in the rules 
of the Senate would provide the means by which 
we can have a full report on the subject bcfore 
being called on to vote, arming the committee, of 
course, v.,rith full powers to get this important in • 
formation, and spread it before us. For myself, 
I do not under- 
f shall have to decline to vote. 
stand tho subject. suffciontly. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I nm satisfied the Senator 
fronl Louisiana does not understand it; and not 
Qildcrst.andil)gr it, it might havc becn propcr ihr 
him to have remained silent, or to have come out 
rnaking 
openly, instead of 
are other su bjcc.ts that cotnrnitte,es n)igllt as; well 
in vc.sti(ratc as the one to which he re.ers. Iscorn 
the that thcrc is anything under this 
I wish to strip this 
thåt chose to engage in it. 
bill of every provision that makes a job for any- 
body, and strip it of cvery feature that makes it 
a political machine, and put it into the hands of 
railroad men to manage it upon railroad princi- 
ples, and not with a view to politics, and then we 
can have a Pacific railroad. I protest against 
every partisan feature, every private feature, that 
makes a monopoly of it. I'hrow it open to all 
the people of the United States, and I am satisfied. 
I am willing now that the Senate shall vote on the 
propositio.n to insert the two additional names of 
corporators offered by the Senator from California 
having the bill in charge—that will equalize it— 
or to equalize it in any other way, for the sole 
If my col- 
purpose of depriving it of politics. 
league says that any one of the men offered is 
objectionable, I will waive him. This is all I have 
to say. 
PRESIDING OFFICER put the question 
on the amendment, and a division was called for. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 do not understand that 
any objection was made to thc motion of the Sen- 
ator from California by anybody. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the indulge me 
an instant? A friend suggests to me that, after 
thc explanation of the Senator from Louisiana, I 
owe it to him to say that the imputation which 
Havin0' misappre- 
I made was unwarranted. 
hcndcd the tcnor of his remarks, a friend suggests 
i that that statement is duc to hirn; and whatever 
is due under thc circunxstances, of course I take 
pleasure in tenderinm. 
Mr. G WIN. Is the question on inserting the 
names I offered ? 
beyot'ld what has been stated in open Seriate; and 
that is the design of stvripping the bill of its party 
I scorn the itnpu•tation•, 
and I would 
character. 
scorn myself, if I base enough to make such 
I say it had the appearance of party; and 
•I wish to strip it of that by equaliz- 
He says cannot conceive how a man 
could possibly feel any interest sincc his tunend- 
I voted for his amendment, 
ment was adopted. 
to open it to the whole world, so that it should 
not, be 
Mr. 'BENJAMIN. from 
certainly did not hear what I said, or his remarks 
are very extraordinary. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. sen- 
ator litinois 'rive way to the Senator froxn 
Louisiana. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 
adopted, coa!d conceive of no 
ment had 
naxues off 
Mlquiriuo• in the 
carthly Y.notivc ror 
-jcrsons to bc inserted in this bill. Inight. 
an in terogt that no Elian could conceive. I said 
prior to the ad o l) tion of the anu:nchnent., I 
conceive of' some motive Senators migh t 
I never said tliat, 
have in 100 K-ing into {he names. 
since the l)iil has been ch;uutt'd in that resoect., 
any Senator possii)fy could have any dishonest 
I do not know whct,he.r the Senator an- 
motive. 
but the line of his remarks 
rne or not; 
—I will not 
indicate either a misapprehension or 
saw what. , sir. 
I desire to hear the Senator fur 
ther before J.' say anything rnore. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. well, sir 
, all I have to say 
on that, point is, that I have avowed In y purpose i 
to be to strip it of its partisan character. 
drew I 
that inference from the face of the itself. I 
had approached my colleague and asked him pri- 
vately to c.orrect it., so as not to have thc matter 
thought that the 
brought before the Senate. 
Senator from Louisiana intimated that there was 
an 10t,crest somewhcrc 
IM,•. BENJAMIN. Not so. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then, of course, 1 have 
nothing to sav on that point; but I supposed him 
to *nake t ho insilluatton. I voted for the amend- 
ment of that Senator so that it should be impossi- : 
Lor any Senator or of wealth to have an , 
interest which i'„-as not cquaily open to every man 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the 
question before the Senate. 
Mr. POLK. I should like to know what the 
nanuus are. 
"l'he amend- 
'Pho PRESIDING OFFICER. 
ment is to insert the names of Virffil Hickox and 
C. L. I-iigbee, of Illinois. 
on a division, the 
'I'he question bein€r taken, 
ayes V.rerc thirteen; and when the noes we re 
culled for, several Seriators said, Give it up ! ' ' 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
ment IS to. 
MP. '1'iU,TMBULL. How can it adopted by 
thirteen votes? 
PRESiDING OFFICER. The Chair 
derstood that the neoativc side gavc it up. 
Mr. 'ERIJMB(JLL. 1 (lid not give it up. 
Mu•. DOUGLAS. My will either 
I protest. a«yainst his right to Sit 
it or vote. 
his seat uud destroy a quorunl, and then say he 
does not Rive it up. 
The OFFICER. is 
only 
but thcre we. rc 
ifpstly a quorum present; 
thirteen Senators voting. Those all voted in the 
aflirlnative, and the ('uhair understood fron'l what 
was .said, that, the negative side gave it up. Si,ill, 
the a rnendment is not carried a majority of a 
a l'!trn. and the question must •be put again. 
Mr. Is there a dispute about these 
other names? 
Mr. rrRUMBULL. 1 will state that this is 
of the Senator from California, to add the 
two party gentlemen to those already in 
tho bill, from the Sta-tc of Illinois. 
I also a 
motion to add two other Qyentlemen, not, however, 
but as very proper persons to 
as 
into bill. 
'I'he vote IS now on the amendment 
of thc Senat,or fron'k California, to add the nan)cs 
of these two partisans to the bilL 
I think the bill 
is well enough as it is. Thcrc arc names enough 
in it; and thc narucs were inscrte.(l without any 
party intent, as far as I know anything about it. 
fact, I did not know MY hose names xvcre in it, 
u 10 til I saw the bill, after it had been brought here 
from the House OF Representatives. 
I think it 
would be just as well to leave the bill as it is; but 
if these two names be put in, then I insist on two 
others o•oing in. 
IVIr. DOUGLAS. Mr. 
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator permit me? 1 
wish to ask the Senator frotn Illinois, the other 
side, docs hc say that propose these two names 
as part:y Inen ? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, that the Senator 
frorn pronoses the amendment for that 
reason; but the speech of my colleague shows the 
Mr. GWIN. say, in show that, 
so far as 1 am concerned, my name ought not to 
be brought into consideration in this matter, that 
I consulted both the Senators frorn Illinois, and I 
stated, when I offered the amendment, that they 
had differed in opinion, and I left it to the Senate. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly the Senator 
from California had no such design. I am speak- 
I inM merely of the effect of the speech— 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will try to harmonizc this 
matter. I s.vill ask the Senator from California to 
withdraw his motion to insert those names, and 
substitute for it a motion to strike out the two 
partisans named in the bill, to wit: .Tohn Went- 
worth and N. B. Judd, leaving in two railroad 
men for Illinois. 
Mr. G WIN. I am rather afraid I shall get 
into a scrape if I make any motion of that kind. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator withdraws 
his amendment I will make it. 
Mr. G-WIN. I withdraw the amendment. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to strike out" John 
so that it will 
Wentworth" and B. Judd," 
stand then with two gentlemen from Illinois—Mr. 
Hammond and Mr. Moore, to wham nobody 
objects. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 trust that will not be 
done. 
Mr. LANE. I believe it is in order to move to 
amend the amendment. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Oh, no. 
Mr. LANE. I want to strike out another 
name. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. That can be done after- 
wards. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois 
to strike out the two names mentioned by him. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. On that 1 ask for the yeas 
aud nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
IV.lr. -YVILSON. i wish to make a suggestion 
to the Senator from California, who takes so much 
interest in this bill. As the Senate has adopted 
an amendment that Icts every man in tho United 
States into this enterprise w no chooses to encracre 
in it, why is -it necessary to put anybody k nan'le 
in tho bill? The suggestion I want to make is 
Illis: had not. the Senate better order the vote put- 
ting in those gentlemen from the State of New 
Y 07k to be reconsidered, drop this whole question, 
and let the names stand as they came from the 
I-louse of Representatives in the bill ? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; 1 satisfied that 
those namcs werc packed for partisan purposes, 
and I do not meun that this shall be a party 
chine. 
Mr. BRAGG. I can give a good reason, think, 
to the Senator frotn Massachusetts, whv some 
names ought to go there, and why the names 
ought to be thosc of proper persons. The reason, 
which E gavo to thc Senate the other day sub- 
scant.ia'ly, and I bcq to be excused for repeating 
it, is this: the tit.le tb the property and the bonds 
set aside by this bill ihr the building of the rail- 
road docs not vest. until certain acts of Incorpo- 
ration arc passed, and until the parties arc incor- 
poratcd; and, in the noe.an time, they go on aud 
select the lands on whole line of tl\0 railroad, 
locate the 
lil'le, and report it to tbc President, and 
when they become incorporated and build fifty 
miles of railroad, then thov get the right to the 
bonds and the lands. So the Senator will see that 
it is very Important to have proper persons nan-led 
ill the bill. 
Mr. WILSON. well, then, 1 think the sen- 
ator from Iiiinois had bcttcr not ve to strike 
out thcsc names, but to add sornc other 
n es. 
Do not. let PS strike out names that the I-louse of 
Representatives have put in. 
I care 
However. 
fino• about, it, and shall not consume the time 
of tile Senate upon it. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the other side of the 
House will add proper namcs to equalizc it, so 
as to deprive the zneasure of a party character, 1 
will agree to it. 
Mr. GYVIN. I have a word to say in reply to 
what the Senator from Massachusetts statcd. So 
far as arn concerned, I never sewgcst.cd one 
name in either House, and I only offered the 
amendment at the suo•cyestion of other Senators. 
I should have taken the bill as it carne t.he 
House of Representatives if I could get it; 
but. at 
the sug«estion of Senators, I proposed to insert 
the names of men who it was supposed would be 
eminently useful in starting this great enterprjsc. 
