526 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 23, 
repeatedly to-day, and I tell him now again for 
the last time, that if he desires to have two Dem- 
ocrats there and two Republicans, he may take 
outa man that he says is a Republican, and equal- 
ize it; and let him hold his peace about partisan 
feeling if ho is not willing to do it. He can make 
them equal, turo and two,- at any moment he de- 
sires to do so. He can put either of his men in 
place of Mr. Wentworth, so far as I am con- 
cerned,and I have told him so halfa dozen times. 
Then it is not to equalize; that is not what you 
want; put it upon some other ground. 
If you 
want to make them equal, you can make them 
equal so far as I am concerned at any moment. 
But he wants to add two persons. I make no ob- 
jection to Mr. Hickox, or Mr. Higbee, as gen- 
tlcmen, but neither of them is a capitalist. They 
are both politicians. One of them used to have 
some connection with a railroad, I believe as a 
sortofft•eightagent; but they arc respectable men, 
and I have no objection to them as Individuals. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not wish to move to 
strike out; I was willing to leave in the names 
t.hat were in the bill, and to add a sumcient num- 
ber to equalize them between the two parties. 
If 
my colleague now will move to strike out any 
one, or will designate which one of the Republi- 
cans may be stricken out, then, if that will satisfy 
him, I will move to strike him out, and put a 
Democrat in his place. Let him designate the 
man of the three who shall be stricken out, and I 
will make the motion. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have told vou repeat- 
edly that you might strike out Mr. Wentworth, 
if you wished. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I withdraw the pre- 
v'oas amendment; and movo to strike out John 
•Wentworth," and insert Viroil I•liclcox." 
'Phe qucst.ion being put on the amendment, a 
division was called for. 
Mr. GREEN want to know if the question 
is not divisible, so as to (Five Wentworth 
it y? I believe the rulc is, in filling blanks, that, 
the questioy•, shall first be taken on the " longest 
titne," or the distant day. Wentworth cer- 
[Laughter.] 
tainly is ' 
' loncyest Inan. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. supposed that this would 
be taken as a compromise, in which all would 
I want to put an end to the contro- 
acquresce„ 
Mr. HALE. have not been in during the 
whole this debate; but il strikes Ine that- this 
is thc smallest fight ever lcncw in t.he Senatc 
It. looks to me to bc in- 
over great measure. 
vidious 10 strike out Mr. Wentworth 's nante 
single him out. Now, I know nothing about. who 
these gentlcrnen are, and I do not care; but it 
to ine to be rather a mnall business for the 
Senate of the I Jnited States to si ont, one of' 
and strike out I-his ntune 
these p;ontiemen, 
from . 
It would sect)) to in-I ply that there was 
something about hinl that was so in that 
hc ',vas not fit 
be na in an act of incorpo- 
ration. 
forc I shall vote i 
Mr. GREEN. 1 should 
like to know, if it 
would bc ilnvidious to single 
the in out, 
how they 
ever got singled in. [Laughter. 
] Who did it? 
MG-. HAILE. •wei], MG. President, 1 do 
know. plead not. guilty to anything 
about. it. 
Mr. GREEN. I acquit him; 
the Senator is not 
serted. In looking over the list I find that the 
State of Arkansas has no representative what- 
ever. There is one branch of the road terminat- 
ing on the western border or that State; and I 
wish to present the name of Albcrt Pike. 
not know what his politics are; but I know that 
he is a gentleman of great intelligence, and large 
vtews. 
If the Senator 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
will allow me, I shall object to that on this ground: 
I am very certain that Arkansas does not desire 
such a provision, and the man himself would 
object to it. 
Mr. LATHAM. I never consulted him. I 
only suggested his name. Of course, if the rep- 
resentativc from that Statc objects, I withdraw 11. 
Mr. WILSON. 1 should like to propose five 
names of eminent men fit for the place, in my 
I move to insert in line fifteen of the first 
State. 
section, after ' 'John Bartram," the following: 
John M. Forbes, Chester VV. Chapin, Gennery 'It witche.ll, 
E. Uasket Derby, and Sarnucl Hooper. 
Mr. LANE. I am for that amendment, and 
will vote for it; batl want also to give notice that 
I shall move to amend the bill by striking out the 
name of B. F. Harding, of Oregon, and inserting 
J. H. Reed, who is a practical man, 
has much 
experience, and will add very much, I think, to 
the success of the measure. 
The amendment of Mr. WILSON '•.vas agreed to. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 five names from 
Maine to insert; all very good men: 
St. John Sniitll, Joseph Eaton, Santuei Ilersey, Wil- 
limn Moulton. Rufus Dwinel. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. HALE. 1 propose to add the names of 
George Stark and Joseph A. Gilmore, of New 
I-lambshire. They are two of the most practical 
railroad men in the United States. One of them 
is a Republican and the other is a Democrat. 
r I'he amen(lment was agrccd to. 
Mr. FOOT. 1 propose the following three 
names f'Ü(Mn tho State of Vermont 
: H. Henry 
Baxter, George W. Colhuncr, and I-lent y Keyes ; ' ' 
all tlemen of character and capital, and con- 
noct,ed with the railroad enterprise of the country. 
IVIÜ. FITCH. it in to offer a 
tute for the amcndtnent.? It' so, I propose that 
every Senator be permitted to go to the Clerk's 
desk and insert whatever names he sees proper. 
[Laughter.] That will facilitatc the passage of 
the measure, perhaps. 
'l'hc PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
thinks that motion, as a substitute, would not be 
in order. 
Mr. FITCH. 
Then strike out all the names, 
and insert the Congressional Directory. [Laugh- 
ter.' 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
thinks that motion would not be in order. 
{tinc:ndlnent of' Mr. F00T was agreed to. 
Mr. SIINIMONS. At the request of the friends 
of this bill, as there are no nauncs in it from Rhode 
Island, I rnove to insert four 
narnes that I thin k . 
will be known without tellino• about thorn. 
1 
propose to insert in linc fifteen: 
Front Rhode Istand.—John (_;arter Brosvn, Alexander 
guilty; but I say if we have to afiirm them 
voting for them, we have a right to pass t.bem out : ; 
by voting against theun, and we ought to pass our 
judgnleni upon it. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on thc amendinent to strike out the of II 
John M/ insert the narne of" Vir- 
gil Hickox." 
'The. question beilig taken, 
thero were, on a I 
division—ayes 22, noes 11. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. There is not [I 
a quorutn votil)ff. 
Mr. HALE. That brings up the old question 
of what is a quortun. 
Mr. RICE. Count me. 
Mr. LATHAM. There are three or four more 
standing up now. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There now 
thirteen Senators votimr in the nerrative. 
Air. GRLI%N and others. 
r I'hat makes a quo- 
run). 
Thc PRESIDING OFFICER The amend- 
ment is ao•reed t.o. 
Mr. LÄTHAM. 
I want to have a name in- 
I)unean, I,ViIliavn Sprague, and Idarl P. Mason. 
As to onc them, I do not know his politics cx- 
actly; but I know urhat he used to be. One is 
Governor 01 • the State; aYi0t.her one wras at the 
head of the Democratic ticket for electors last 
time. They have got us much money as anybody 
I know in our State. 
T hc tuncndlnent, was ao•rced to. 
Mr. CHANDLER. like to add the 
nanus now of a föw practical men; a few railroad 
men; a few men accustc,mcd to build and who 
have built railroads Lhan the same number 
of n-jon in the United States. 
I do not know their 
politics, and I do not care. 
I ofH-n• the followino• 
Mr. GREEN. Would it be in order to move 
to amend tbc amendment. 
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. Notuntil it is 
, read. 
The Secretary read the amendment, as fi)llows: 
J. W. Brooks of Michigan, Erastus Corning of New 
• York, Azariah Boody of Now York. S. M. Felton o? Penn- 
sylvania, Edward L. Baker ofMassachusetts,John F. Wins- 
low of New York, J. S. Barbour of Virginia, John A. 
of' Maryland, and .ia:nes P. Joy of Nlicliigan. 
Ni.r. GREEN. If it were in order to movc an 
amendment to the amendment, I would move one; 
but as it is not, I shall make a sugøestion. 
1, 
seems to be the desire of Senators here to get ex- 
perienced railroad men. I will merely suggest— 
I will not move it—the names of two thorough 
railroad men—John Brown,jr., and Wendell Phil- 
lips—I mean experienced in the underground rail- 
road. [Laughter.] 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment of the Senator from Michi- 
gam 
Mr. BIGLER. I hope that proposition will be 
defeated. I want to terminate this. We have 
had enough of it. 
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say to thc Senator 
from Michigan that some of the persons named 
in his amendment are not residents of the State 
of Michigan, although f.hey purport to be in the 
amendment, as I heard it read. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is so 
much disturbance on the floor of the Senate that 
business cannot proceed. 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 merely wish to say that the 
proposition of the Senator from Michigan em- 
braces the directors of the Michigan Central rail- 
road, I believe. 
Mr. CHANDLER. one of them. 
Mr. GRIMES. More than that. Mr. Corn- 
is; Mr. Baker is; Mr. Joy is; Mr. Brooks is; 
and I think that nearly, if not all, are directors of 
the Michigan Central Railroad Company. Per- 
haps the gentleman would accomplish his object 
by insertirp at the end of it, 
" and the other cor- 
porators in the Michigan Central 
as to let them all go in—directors and stockholders 
both. 
Mr. RICE. I movc that the Scnatc adjourn. 
The question being taken, 
there were, on a 
division—ayts 15, noes 11; no quorum voting. 
Mr. LATHAM. I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered; and bemg 
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 19; as follows: 
YEAS — Messrs. Bingham, Bragg, Bright, Chandler, 
Clark, Doolittle, Fessenden, 
Foot, Grimc•e, Harlan, john- 
son of Tcnncsscc. Rctllledy, King, Nloson, Morrill, Nich- 
Pearce, Powell, Rice, Stnnner, at',d rrrumbun—21. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Biglet•, Cameron, Cling-man, 
Dixon, Douglas, Fitcli, Foster, Gxvin, Ueniphil], 
Lane, Latham, Seward, Simmons, Ten Eyck, Vvade, \ Vil- 
kinson, and Wilson 
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourncd. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
WEDNESDAY, January 23, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
bv Rev. Mr. BUTLER, of thé English Lutheran 
Church, of this city. 
T lie Journal of yesterday was read and approved 
MESSAGE FROM PRESIDENT. 
A messatre was received from the President of 
the United States, by Mr. GLOSSBRENNER, his 
Private Secretary, inf'ortnin«r the House that he 
had approved and signed the following bills: 
An act (H. R. No. 447) for the retief of the 
children of the late Captain E. A. Capron; 
An act (1-1. R. No. 127) for the O, F. D. 
Fairbanks, Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific Mail 
Steamship Cotnpany•, and 
An act (Ell. R. No. 428) directing the Secretary 
of the Interior to liquidate t hc accounts of Mitch- 
ell & Rammillsburg and Baker & Von Phul. 
CRISIS MEMORIALS. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. ask thc unanimous 
consent of the House to present the proceedings 
of a meeting of the citizens of Vigo county, In- 
diana, without distinction of party, held at the 
City of Terre I-laute, on Saturday last, for the 
purpose of considcring, and givincy expression to 
their views, in reference to the present perilous 
condition of the country. This meeting was com- 
posed of the solid, substantial rnen of the county, 
and of all political parties, the names of some of 
whom are familiar to many gentlemen on this 
floor. They recommend, unanimously, the adop- 
tion of the report of the border Statcs committee, 
or some other fair and just plan for the settlement 
of present affitating question. 
There being no objection, the proceedings were 
received, 
laid on the table, and ordered to be 
printed. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, also asked leave to 
present the proceedings of a similar meeting held 
