1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
527 
in Sullivan, Sullivan county, Indiana, without 
distinction of party, composed of the most intel- 
ligent and substantial citizens. They rccommend 
the adoption by Congress of the Crittenden prop- 
osition, or some similar and just plan, as a final 
settlement of the present alarming question. 
The resolutions were laid on the table, and 
ordered to be printed. 
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri. 1 wish to pre- 
sent to the House a memorial signed by a num- 
ber of citizens of Hannibal, Missouri, formerly 
residents of New England, praying the adoption 
of the Crittenden propositions by Congress, ne- 
cessary to the peace of the country. 
Mr.'GROW. gave notice that 1 
would object to the prescniation, in open House, 
of any more of these petitions. The rules pro- 
vide that all such papers shall be filed, under the 
The, SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the 
men'lorial vvili l.)e received, arid lai(l on the table. 
Mr. GROW. 1 must object. 
ANDERSON, of Missouri. This is the 
petition of a number of respectable citizens. 
hope there will be no objection to its being re- 
ceived. 
Mr. GROW. I have no special objection to 
this paper. I only object in pursuance of the gen- 
eral notice I gave yesterday. 
CORRECTION OF JOURNAL. 
Mr. BURCH. 1 rise to that a 
may be made in the Journal of yesterday. 'The 
Journal reads that I moved to strike oat of the 
resolutions before the House. reported by the 
committee of thirty-three, alk after the word " re- 
solved." My atnendkuent 'evas by way of addition. 
I move that the 
I moved to strike out nothing. 
Journal bc corrected accordingly. 
The motion was aoreed to. 
COMPROMISE PROPOSITION. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, 
at the proper 
I desire to 'Five notice that I wi\l, 
time, inove, as an amendtncnt to the report of the, 
select conunittec of thirty-three, v•r'hat I send 10 
I ask now that it be ordered to 
the Clerk's desk. 
be printed. 
The amendment is as follows: 
ResoZue.d by the Senate and House of Representatil.•ce, 
(two thirds both Houses concurring,) 'l'hat the following 
article be, and is hereby, proposed and subtili1iG'd as an 
arnendtnent to the Constitution of t.he I Jnited States, which 
shall be valid 1.0 all intents and purposes, as part. ot' said 
Constitution, when ratified by conventions of three iUurths 
of the several States : 
ART. Neither Congress nor a Territorial Legislature 
shall rnake any law respecting slavery or involuntary ser- 
vitude, except a.s a punish:nent for crhne; IREL Congress 
may pass taws for the suppression of the Airican slave trade 
and [hc rendition of fugitives froin service or labor in tbc 
States. 
Mr. BURNETT. It is not in order to move to 
print a proposition that is not before the I-louse. 
It is not; but the gentleman 
The SPEAKER. 
asks consent to 
front Pen 1B 
have it printed, 
There was no objection; and the proposed 
amendment was ordered to bc printed. 
COURT-ROOM IN WESTERN PENNSYLVANIA. 
Mr. HALE. 1 ask the unanimous consent of 
the House. for leave to discharge the Committee 
of thc Whole on the state of the Union from the 
further consideration of House bill No. 505, 
making an appropriation of #10,000 for court- 
room and marshal 's offco for the district court 
of the United States for the western district of 
Pennsylvania, in order that it may be put on its 
passao•e. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. 1 object, 
and call for the regular order of business. 
TELEGRAPH no CALIFORNIA. 
The SPEAKER. The first, question before 
the Housc is the unfinished business of yesterday, 
which is House bill No. 891, supplementary to 
" An act to facilitate communication between the 
Atlantic and Pacific States by electric telegraph," 
reported back fronl the Committee on the Post 
Office and Post Roads. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 hope the gentleman from 
Indiana [Mr. COLFAX] wili not insist on consid 
motion which will give the gentleman from Ken- 
trucky the privilege he asks. 
Mr. ELY. Say to-morrow morning. 
The SPEAICER. It will come up in its regu- 
lar order as the unfinished business, without any 
motion. 
Mr. COLFAX. very well, then; letit go over. 
The bill was then informally passed over. 
POST ROUTE BILL. 
Mr. COLFAX. I now call up the amendments 
of the Senate to House bill No. 714, establishing 
certain post routes. 
Mr. Speaker, these are amendments offered by 
the Senate which are merely for the establishment 
of post routes, and I presume it is needless to have 
them read. Most of them are for post routes in 
the frontier States. The amendment of the Com- 
mittee on the Post Offce. and Post Roads to those 
amendments is of the same character. They are 
not for any overland service, but entirely for in- 
terior post routes, and routes local in their char- 
I move that those amendments bc cone 
acter. 
curred in, together with the amendment of the 
House. 
r I"here was no objection, and it was ordered 
accordingly • 
Second amendment of the Senate: 
2. Jlnd be it .fu.rt,hcr enacted, 'That the Postmaster 
General shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to procure 
and (urnisll letter sheets witli postage stan)ps unpressed 
thereon, (eoinbinintr in one both a sheet and envelope,) 
and to adopt such other i Inprovclnents as vnay be (Icenxed 
advisable, iron. fitne to tune, in connection with postage 
stantps or envelopes for kctters or newspapers. 
subject to the provision that such st;unps or envelopes shall 
be sold at the cost of procuring and the stune., as 
near as 'nay be, and to ali other provisions of the eighth 
section of an aet of Congress entille,d An aet to establish 
approved 
certain post roads, and iOr other purposes," 
August 31, 1832. 
Mr. COLFAX. That amendment of the Sen- 
ate authorizes the Postmaster General to estab- 
1ish a new system of envelope, by wl'lich letter 
sheets shall have a postage sttunp impressed upon 
It is desired by commercial men in com- 
mercial cities, and is recommended by the Post- 
mast,cr General and the Committee on the Post 
Office and Post Roads. 
'Phe amendment wras concurred in. 
Third amendment of thc Senate: 
SEC. 3. and be it further enacted, That tlle penalty of 
fifty dollars, provided by section eight of an act of Con- 
gress entitled An act to est.abli.eh certain post H)ad.s, and i 
for ot\'lcr purposes," approved Blarch 3, .18.-.)3, shall apply 
as well to Lhc using of a *tatnp cut I'vorn a sta:nped letter 
or newspaper envelope, as to the reuse of the envelope 
entire. 
Mr. COLFAX. This is to correct an omission 
in the present law, and its necessity is obvious. 
r Ehe amendment was concurred in. 
Fourth amendment of the Senate: 
SEC. 4. Jln.d. be it, . furth.er enactcd, That tile fourth sec- 
tion of the act of Conøress, approved 5th 1854, en. 
titlod n act making appropriatiorl* {br the service of the 
Post ()fiice Department during the fiscal year ending the 
30th Jnnc, )8.'35," be, and the same is herebv, continued 
ii•orn the 5th day of August, 1858. to the 5th day of August, 
1860. 
Mr. COLFAX. That to the clerks in 
was continued over. until two years ago, when 
the Post Office appropriation bill failed. Subse- . 
quently that bill was passed naked," axit is 
called, and without any of these provisions, or 
any others of a legislative character. 
The amendment was concurred in. 
Fifth amendment of the Senate: 
SEC. 5. and be it'furthcr enactcd, That the joint resolu- 
tion of Congress of 18th August, 1856, which provideS chat 
there shali"be one principal Inessengcr in each of the 
bureaus ofthc several Executive Departments, at an annual 
salary of $840 each," shall be understood to cmbrace within 
its true scope and meaning the. omces of' the three Assist- 
ant Postmasters General, entitling each to a messenger, at 
an annual salary of $840. 
Mr. COLFAX. That carries out the intention 
of the law that all bureau omcers receiving a sal- 
ary of $3,000 per year shall have a messcno•cr 
As these Assistant Postmasters General are now 
confirmed by the Senate, they rank '.vith the heads 
of bureaus. 
The amendment was concurred in. 
Sixth amendment of the Senate: 
SEC. 6. and be it . further enacted, That letters which 
have been advertised under existing laws, (eide section 
twcaty-six, act of March 3, 1825, and section five, of March 
3, 1851,) shall be returned to tl'le Post Oflice Departinent aa 
dead letters, if unelairned two months after the (latc of the 
adverlisetuent : Provided, That letters at sea-ports intended 
for persons on board of ecrtaill designated vessels expected 
and letters specially marked to bc retained a 
to arrive, 
longer period, shall be excepted tbc operation of this 
act : und pro vidcd further, That. said letters shall be re- 
turned under regulations to be prescribed by the Postmaster 
General. 
Mr. COLFAX. Statistics that have been col- 
lected by the Post Office Department show that 
of the advertised letters that are called for at all, 
over ninety per cent. are taken out the first month , 
and but very few the succeeding two months tlut 
they are retained. This provision diminishes the 
time that they are to be kept before being sent to 
the dead letter office from three months to two 
months. 
Cllhe amendment was concurred in. 
Seventh amendment of the Senate: 
• SEC. 7. und be it further enacted, That the unclaimed 
rnoney from dead leiters, now appropriated to the use of the 
Dcpartn:ent, under section twenty-six of act ot• March 3, 
1823, tnay be exclusively applied in future to prmnote the 
efliciency of the dead lettct offe,e, by providing iör a Inore 
careful examination of letters, and the ret.nrli of a larger 
nun'ber to the writers, (whether with or without valuable 
inclosures :) Provided, 'I'l)åt said officer shall inake a de- 
tailed report of his proceedings to Congress during the next 
sessi011 thereof. 
Mr. COLFAX. This amounts to about six 
thousand dollars per year, and is now paid into 
the 'Ih•easury of the United Stat.cs. 'This section 
allows it to be used to promote the efliciency of 
the dead letter office, frorn the operations of which 
it accrues. 
amendment was concun•cd in. 
Eighth amendment of the Senate: 
SEC. 8. vand be it further enacted, '{'hat all letters 
returned fronr tbe dead letter ofticc there, shall bc charged 
the usual rates of postage, to be pollectcd on delivery, and 
accounted för by postmasters in the same manner as other 
postages. 
Mr. COLFAX. The obvious necessity for this 
mnendmcnt will be apparent when I state, that 
when dead letters are returned no postage is 
I send up the E 
letter of the chief clerk in that office, which will charged for that return, although, in additi0i) to 
their carriaoe in the mails, the postmasters are 
afford. a full explanation. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
Pos•r OFFICE, WASHINGTON, D. C., 
December 10, 1860. 
SIR : The object of the provisions o? the act of Congress, 
approved 5th August. 1854, so far as the granting this office 
a Illill a pound oil public doct_nnents transnnitted through 
the xnai], was to put. the c}erks of this office 011 a (öoting, 
as to salaries, of clerks in the other or the Gov- 
ernlnent. 'lilte section making this provision was Inade by 
the suggestion of the latc Mr. of t.he Scnatc, then 
chairnaan of' the Counnittee on Post. _Roads in that body. It 
and only failed in 1858 in the cnnission to pass the Past Of- 
fice bill, and last year. as you are aware, för want of time. 
Very respectfully, your obedient servant, 
Hon. SCHUYLER COLFAX. 
Mr. COLFAX.' This refers to an amendment i 
adopted in 1854, on motion of the late Senator 
subjected to much trouble in hunting up the send- 
ers of these letters. 
'The amendment was concurred in. 
Ninth amendment of the Senate: 
SEC. 9. and bc it further enacted, That every letter or 
packet brought into ibe United States, or carried from one 
port therein to another, in any private ship or vessel, shall be 
charged will) five cents, if delivered at. the poxt Qtfiee where 
the san'le shall arrive; and it' destined to be conveyed by 
post to any place, .with two cents added to the o:-dinary 
rates of postage: Procided, That upon all letters or packets 
conveyed in whole or in part by stearners or stemnships over 
any route upon which, or between ports and places between 
which, the mail is regularly conveyed in other vcsscls; under 
contract with the Post Office Departtnent, the same charge 
shall be levied, with the addition of two cents a letter or 
packet, as would have been levied it' such letter or packet 
had been transniitted re«rularly through the xnaiJ. 
Mr. COLFAX. In consequence of the law of 
Rusk, then chairxnan of the Committee on thc 1825 not having been amended when cheap post- 
Post Office and Post Roads of the Senate. It was acre. was authorized, it. follows t.hat, as ship letters, 
enacted in consequence of the enormous quantity when delivered at the port where the vessel 
rives, are charged six cents, und when transported 
- of documents mailed in this city, and tbc large 
thence inland, two cents (for the captain) in addi- 
ering this bill at this time. I desire to submit. nurnber of clerks required over and above the usual 
tion to the inland postage, (now three cents,) the 
some reason in opposition, but I am not phys- number ofa post office of this size, that the post- 
i master should be allowed one miil per pound on postacre is less to carry a letter twenty-five hun- 
ically in condition to do so this morninff. 
Mr. COLFAX. am willing to cnter any that matter to pay these clerks. That amendment dred miles inland, than to deliver it at very 
