THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
discussed this amendment that any remarks from 
me see:n to be almost unnecessary; but, sir, hav- 
ing had some experience in relation to railroad 
contracts, and this amendment having been sus- 
tained by the high authority of the gentleman 
from Ohio, [Mr. SHERMAN,] I feel disposed to I 
make a remark or two upon the subject. 
opposed to the first part of this amendment. 
proposes to regulate the speed of railroads, and 
to fix a mininu•u.tn speed. I believe that the Post- 
master General has sufficient authority upon that 
point already; and I concur with the gentleman 
from North Carolina in saying that I do not bc- 
lieve it is expedient to compel the Postmaster 
General to require a rate of speed of at least 
twenty-five miles an hour on any road which is 
receiving first-class pay. I think ••,ve may well 
leave that subject to the Postmaster General, 
under the powers that he now has. 
Then, Sir, in relation to thc second part of the 
amendment, the compensation for carrying the 
mails, I believe, with the gentleman from North 
Carolina, who speaks for the South, ns it is 
termed, while I speak for the North, that thc rail- 
roads will decline to carry the tnails on every 
route where you reduce their compensation to 
eighty dollars and forty dollars where they are 
now receiving one hundred dollars and fifty dol- 
lars. Take a railroad twenty-five miles long, 
and what is the compensation proposed by this 
bill? One thousand dollars a year. This is an 
unimportant item in the business of railroads. 
'When you compel then) to observe all the regula- 
tions of the Post Office Department; to carry the 
mcsserwcrs of the Post Ofiice Department froe of 
charge; and to run at such times as the Postrnaster 
General may you subject them 
to all these regulations, $1,000 a year for carry- 
ing the mails on twenty-five miles of road is an 
unimportant matter compared with the other in- 
terests of the road. rl'he present compensation 
has been fixed after a- controversy between the 
Post Oflice Depai'lment and the railroad cotnpa- 
nies, and has been acquiesced in after much diffl- 
cult y; and it seems to mc that it is altogether 
inexpedient to attempt to disturb those arrange- 
1 hope 
ments, at this time, by new legislati01'1. 
therefore, that this amendment will not be con- 
curred in. 
Mr. MAYNARD. The remarks of the gen- 
tlcman froun New Hampshire have superseded 
the necessity of about all I intended to say. It is 
very manifest that this is a subject which he has 
It may be that, 
in vest; crated and understands. 
in the part of the country where the getlLlernan 
from Ohio [Mr. SHERMAN] lives, twenty-five miles, 
or even thirty or forty miles, an hour, may not 
be an excessive rate of railroad speed, built, as 
the roads are, for the most part, over level coun- 
try, where they can be made straight, and are not 
subject to the effects of the obstructions that 
occur in the mountainous parts of the country. 
This is not the case in the part of the couritt•y 
from which I come, where the railroads are built 
through the gorges and chasms of the mountains, 
and winding among the hills, and where such a rate 
of runnino would, at least at the present season 
of the year, be extremely hazardous. T hc char- 
acter of the roads obliged to be built, the charac- 
ter of the soil through which they are built, the 
effect of the season, loosening the foundations of 
the earth without being cold enough to solidify 
them by freezing, make the rapid speed contem- 
this tunendrnent not only unsafe, not 
plated in 
only perilous, but at times impracticable. 
The effect of these amendments upon the groat 
thoroughfare leading from this city to New Or- 
leans in almost a direct geo€rrapbical line, would 
be for a large portion of the year to reduce the 
compensatiÖn to eighty dollars, and probably 
forty dollars, per mile. As has been well remarked 
by the gentleman froin New I-lampshire, 
amount of compensation is a matter of no sort of 
consequence in the business of the more import- 
ant railroads, compared with the travel and trans- 
It is a mere a mere incon- 
portation. 
siderable item. It has becn well said that the 
34 
FRIDAY, JANUARY 25, 1861. 
transportation of the mails does not rest on the 
same footing as any other kind of transportation. 
The railroad companies now carry Adams's ex- 
If the trains conne up in time, very well; 
press. 
if not, there are no penalties nor forfeitures in- 
curred. So of the carriage of passengers, and 
their baggage. But if, in transporting the mails, 
there be a failurc to come up to the time specified 
in the schedules, then penalties are incurred, 
which not only take away all compensation for the 
service performed, but may extend beyond that. 
Again: as has been well said also bjT the gen- 
tleman who has preceded me, the railroad com- 
pany arc obliged to provide a post offce in their 
cars—to set it apart for the business of the mail, 
and for that alone—to exclude all other matter, and 
all persons, excepting those who are immediately 
connected with the transportation of the mail. 
These are expenses that are incurred by no other 
sort of business done on the railroad. I have 
some knowledge of the subject; for it has been my 
fortune to be more or less connected with rail- 
road operations through my own section of the 
country for several years, and to be interested to 
a small extent in more than one of them as a slock- 
and I do not hesitate to declare it as my 
holder; 
opinion that, with the rates of compensation and 
the rates of speed prescribed in these proposed 
amendments, you will have your mails thrown 
out by the roadside; and the postmaster will be 
left to get them along by horse service, by mule 
service, by ox service, or, as a matter of fact, by 
no service at all. 
Thcrcfore, without multiplying words on this 
subject, I will say that am utterly opposed to 
I consider them to 
the proposed amendments. 
be unwise, injudicious, a sort of Procrustean bed 
which is to [eave the Postmaster General no dis- 
cretion in making, his contracts in different por- 
tions of the country, but to compcl him to bring 
the postal service, all over the •country, through 
the mountains, and across the prairies, to one 
comn'lon standard. This is not only impractica- 
in my opinion, in tbc lughcst degree 
absu rd . 
Mr. COLFAX. I do not wish to occupy t.be 
morning hour to-morrow as well as to-day, willi 
this bill, and therefore I move the previous ques- 
tion. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
h hope the 
gentleman from Indiana will not persevere in his 
demand for the previous quest.ion on this section 
of the bill. It cerlainly involves a very important 
principle. The section may be right in itseff•, but 
yet there is a very serious question which arises: 
whether or not the railroad conil)anies will do the 
service for the sums proposed. I do -not want to 
delay the matter, but I should like a little time to 
examine it; and there are but five minutes left 
now till the special order comes up. desire to 
give notice, also, that I propose to offer, as an 
amendment to onc of the sections, a proposition 
which the House passed upon half a dozen dif- 
ferent times last session, to restore the mail scr- 
vice that was cut down by the late Postmaster 
General. 
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman from Illinois 
had listened to 11) y remarks, he would have found 
that the Post Office Committee concurred witli 
him in recommending a non-concurrence with the 
Senate in this section. It has been argued on both 
sides ably. think the argument is 'tvell nigh 
exhausted. I trust the previous question will be 
sustained. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 hope the gentleman wilk 
not insist on the demand for the previous ques- 
tion. I think thc amendment of the Senate ought 
I think there are reasons/or 
to be concurred in. 
it. Under the law under which vx;e are now act- 
incr, the Postrnaster General has no diseretion— 
none whatever; and it is hiffhly important there 
should be some regulation by which he can con- 
trol the transportation of the mails on railroads. 
The Inatter is of deep interest. •to the country; and 
as we are wishin a few minutes of the expiration 
of the mortiing hour, i do not see any reason for 
the previous question. 
NETV SERIES.....NO. 34. 
Mr. COLFAX. If the House wants to liave 
any further debate, it. can vote down the previous 
question. I think the question is well understood 
on both sides. 
The SPEAKER ordered tellers on the previous 
question; and Messrs. MAYNARD and VANDEVER 
were appointed. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes 94, noes 32. 
So the previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 believe we are entitled to 
a separate vote on this section. I call' for a divi- 
Sion of the question. 
The SPEAKER. The amendment be di- 
vided. The question will be first taken on the, 
first section. 
The question was taken; and the first part of 
the amendment was non-concurred in. 
rl'he question was then taken on the second 
part of the amendment; and it was non-concurred 
in. 
Fourteenth amendment of the Senate: 
SEC. 15. and. be it further enacted, That it shall be law- 
t•ul {Or persons known as regular dealers in newspapers and 
periodicals, to receive by :naik such quantities of either as 
they [nay require, and to pay the postage thereon as they 
tnny he received, at the same rates as regular subscribers 
to such publications. 
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to give a brief expla- 
nation of this amendment. 
It is recommended on 
the petition of newspaper dealers, and it will tend 
to increase the revenue of the Department. The 
Post Offce Committees of both Houses recom- 
mend concurrence; in which the Post Offce De- 
partment agrees. 
Mr. SICKLES. I offer the following, as an 
amendment to the amendment: 
Protided, That the Postmaster General be authorized to 
establish a daily or senii„daily delivery of lett.ers and news- 
papers by carriers throughout a circuit at' nine mikes from 
the City flan of the city of New York, under the supervis- 
ion of the postmastcr ot New York, whenever, in liks judg- 
nient, the reveruue. fronn such service shall defray t11C ex- 
penses thereof. 
Mr. PHELPS. nothing say in regard 
to the pending amendment to the amendment; but 
I desire to inquire of the gentleman from Indiana 
the necessity of the fifteenth section? Cannot 
your regular newspaper dealers receive their pack- 
ages now at the same rates as regular subscribers, 
provided they do not exceed a certain weight? 
Such I understand to be the law now. 
Mr. COLFAX. I will explain in a moment the 
necessity for this section. For a newspaper deafer 
to obtain the advantages of the present postage 
law, he must subscribe for the same number of 
papers, weekly, for the. en tire quarter. He might 
desirc to take, for instance, a hundred copies of 
the New York Ledger one week, two hundred 
copies another week , three h undred the next week, 
and but one hundred.thc fourth week; but he is 
unable to do so under the present law. The con- 
sequencc is, that this kind of business is thrown 
outside of the mails into the hands of the express 
companies. This provision, which meets the cor- 
dial approval of the Post Office Committee, is that 
all newspaper dealers shall receive their packages, 
paying pro rata for each package at the time, at 
the same rate as regular subscribers. 
Mr. PHELPS. The explanation of the gen- 
tlcman from Indiana convinces me that the amend- 
ment should not bc adopted. T hc proposition 
is to permit newspaper dealers to receive what- 
cvcr quantity of papers and maoazines they may 
desire, each day or each week, by paying pro 
rata at a reduction of fifty per cent. 'I'he gen- 
ttcman remarks that the packages of the news- 
paper dealers are novv' carried by express compa- 
nies. ask him whether the postarre on macazines 
actually pays the cost of transportabion at this 
time? I understand that it does not. I understand 
that the actual amount of postage- collected from 
su bscribcrs for any one of thie magazines of the 
United States does not really pay the cost "of trans- 
portation. Wo have reduced thc rates of. postage, 
and made them extremely low, for the purpose of 
encouraging thecirculationofmagazinesandnews- 
