530 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 23, 
papers. A letter which weighs less than h*lf an 
ounce pays three cents postage; while a maga- 
zine, which weighs, perhaps, six or eight ounces, 
pays less than the letter does. Now, the post- 
ages upon the letter, newspaper, and magazine 
mail, combined, do not meet the expenditures of 
the Post Offce Department by three or four mil- 
lion dollars per annum. prefer, therefore, my- 
self, that the newspaper and. periodical dealers 
shall obtain their papers and periodicals in future 
as they now receive them, by express, rather than 
lumber up the mails with matter which does not 
pay the cost of transportation. 
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Missouri 
has not, I think, perfectly compre}iended the facts 
on whieli the amendment is founded. Under the 
contracts now existing, entered into by the De- 
partment, for carrying the mails, the contraétors 
are required to carry the mails, whatever they 
may be. This requirement is included in what 
are called "star bids." Under the old system of 
carrying the mails in two-horse coaches, föur- 
horse coaches, the contractors were not required 
to carry rnore than twelve hundred pounds in 
each four-horse coach. Under the present sys- 
tem, however, they are required to carry the 
mails, whatever they may be; so that if' they are 
required to carry these newspaper and periodical 
mails, as they will be, without any extra pay, the 
postages received will add so much to the revenues 
of the Department. 
Mr. PHELPS. Let me make one inquiry of 
the gentleman from Indiana. Does notthis amend- 
ment reduce the rates of postage upon this class of 
mail matter ? 
Mr. COLFAX. It does not. 
Mr. PHELPS. rilhcn the gentleman from In- 
diana and myself have misunderstood each other 
in that respect. 
Mr. COLFAX. We have; or I have been mis- 
understood, at least. 
Mr. PHELPS. The newspaper and maga- 
zine i,vhich now go through the mails, pay a dif- 
ferent ratc of postage. This amendment, as I 
understand it, reduces them to a uniforrn rate, 
and will enable the dealer in magazines to receive 
them at a rate of fifty per cent. less than they now 
pay. 
Mr. COLFAX. I-le does not now pay postage 
upon them nt all, for the reason that he can re- 
ce_ive them nt chea,pcr rate through the express. 
Upon this subject the Postmaster General says: 
It is proposed to permit regular dealers in newspapers 
and periodicals to receive by mall such quantities of either 
as they require, and to pay the postage on receipt, ut 
the galnc rates ns regular subgcribers to stich publications. 
Tho object and propriety of this will be readily perceived." 
Mr. JOE-IN COCHRANE. 1 desire to say a 
word at this point. 
It seems to me that the rea- 
son applicable to the support of this amendment 
is the rc•a.enn which as properly applies to the re- 
duction of the postages to su bscribors. 
It seems 
that the subscriber now frequently procu ves his 
pa a different avenue than that pro- 
vided in the Post Olüce I should have 
said " consumers," 
rather than 
' subscribers. 
T hc consumer finds that he can obtain better fa- 
cilitics for procuring his paper th rough the dealer 
than through tho post office. 'This amendment 
provides simply that the dealer shall be able to 
obtain his papers and periodicals through the mail 
at a cheaper rate than they have heretoforc been 
able to obtain them. It provides that, instead of 
being compelled to relinquish to.the express com- 
panies the office of con vcying the reading matcrial 
over the country, this tunendmcntis to provide, 
as I believe, cheaper rate of' transportation ikn• 
reading matter than can be furnished by the ex- 
press companies. 
It is certainly clear that the 
reason is quite as good for the adoption of this 
amcndment as applied to the subscriber as when 
applied to the dealer of periodicals; and I think, 
therefbrc, that the amendment should be adopted 
by the House, as well as the amendment proposed 
by my colleague [Mr. SICKLES] in regard to the 
carrying of the mails within nine miles circuit in 
the city of New York. 
The amendment to 'he amendment was adopted. 
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to. 
Fifteenth amendment: 
SEC. 16. be it further enacted, 'l'hat maps, engra- 
virigs, lithographs, or photographic prints on rollers or in 
books, hound or unbound ; phonographic 
paper covers ; 
paper, and letter envelopes, shall be deelned Inai\abte mat- i 
so, sir, for the reason that I am at this instant 
ter, and charged With postage by the weight of the pack- 
laboring under physical infirmity—suffering from 
one eent an ounce. or fraction of an ounce, to any place in 
the United States under fitteen hundred miles, and at the 
rate of two cents an ounce, or fraction of an ounce, over 
fifteen hundred miles, to bc prepaid by postage stanlps. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Sikteenth amendment: 
SEC. 17. .nttd be it further enactcd, That cards, or 
printed blanks, in packages weighing at least eight ounces, 
and seeds or cuttings, in packages not exceeding eight 
ounces in weight, shall also be deemed mailable matter, and 
charged with postage at the rate of one cent an ounce, or 
fraction of an ounce, to any place in the United States un- 
der fifteen hundred. xni)es, and at the rate of two cents an 
ounce, or fraction of an ounce, over fifteen hundred miles, 
to be prepaid hy postage stamps." 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Scvcnteenth amendment: 
SEC. 18. sand be it further enacted, That thc act o? 9d 
March, 1855, entitled An act further to amend the act en- 
titled An act to reduce and Inodify tne rates of postage in 
Lile United States, and for other purposes,' passed March 
3, 1851, be, and the same is hereby, so modified as to re- 
quire the ten cent rate of postage to bc prepaid on letters 
conveyed in the mail from any-point in the United States 
cast of thc Rocky Mountains to any State or Territory on 
the Pacific, and from any State or 'Itcrritory on the Pacific 
to any point in the United States east of the Rocky Moun- 
tains. And all drop letters shall be prepaid by postaae 
stamps. 
Mr. PHELPS. Thatis, 1 believe, a 
tion to increase the rates of postage to the Pacific, 
designed, I suppose, to meet the additional ex- 
pense of the overland service. 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 will state to the gentleman 
from Missouri that this amendment is recom- 
mended by the Post Ofice Department, and by the 
Post Offce Committee. The present postage law 
was made with the understanding that the Califor- 
nia mail was to bc carried by the Isthmus, and it 
was therefore n•ovided that all letters carried a 
distance over t n•oe thousand miles shall pay ten 
cents postage. But we have now in existence an- 
overland mail by what is known as the central 
route from St.. Louis or St. Joseph to Placerville, 
California. Many of the letters carried over 
that route, goin« a distance of less than three 
thousan(l miles, only pay three cents postage. 
This amendment designs merely to provide that 
all California letters shall pay ten cents. 
I will 
merely add that the amendment meets the concur- 
rence of t I-le members f t•cnn California. 
I desire to 
WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
know at what time the morning hour expires. 
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex- 
pin-ed. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f111inois. If the House 
will indulge me for a moment, I desire to give 
notice of an amendment which I shall offer to this 
amendment. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION. 
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 rise to a privileged ques- 
tion . 
I desire to rnake a personal explanation. 
I find that a fact in the proceedings of the House 
o? yesterday has been entirely overlooked. It 
will bc rccolle.ctcd by those who were present 
yesterday, that thc gentleman from New York 
Mr. S*CKLES.I dcsi red to make a motion, in which 
was for sorne time prevented, 
not havin& the 
a reekikV wound not yet healed, from 01')e per- 
If he will shoot himself in the 
sonal éncounter. 
thigh, and have a comminuted fracture of the 
bone, and be forced to linger in auguish for two 
years, as I have done, he will, think, find this 
thing ofa bullet shot to give a not very comfort- 
It is one that, so 
able sensation. [Laughter.] 
far as I am concerned, I do not desire to be re- 
peated upon me. Above all, Ido not desire either 
to submit to n travesty in Punch, Vanity Fair, 
or the Illustrated News, of standing on one leg, 
with a cane in one hand, and a pistol in the other, 
[laughter,] to give my colleague 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 can to the attention of 
the gentleman from Virginia the fact that his col- 
league is not present in the House. 
Mr. CLEMENS. I was not before aware of 
the fact; and I regret have said what I have 
during his absence. But, sir, I would have stated 
what I have if' my colleague had been here. 
Mr. I-IINDMAN. the gentleman will 
not understand me as supposing that he has said 
anything which might be cönstrued as offensive 
to his colleague. 
Mr. CLEMENS. Ido not intend to be offens- 
ive. 
Now, sir, if anybody be desirous of obtainino• 
the cheap notoriety ofcastingany imputation upon 
me or in any personal animadversions, 
they can do so. 'They are welcome to it. 
I can 
concede that to those who, unable to win reputa- 
tion in any other way, would be unknown in this 
or any other Congress if, through the providence 
of God, there were not some special interposi- 
tion to lift them out of the obscurity where they 
would otherwise forever have remained. 
CRISIS MEETING . 
Mr. PRYOR. I ask the unanimous consent 
of thc Housc for leave to present resolutions of a 
meeting of citizens of Charlottesville, Virginia, 
in reference to the present condition of the coun- 
try. 
The resolutions were received, and laid upon 
the tablc. 
PRINTING OF CRISIS REPORT. 
Mr. GURLEY, from the Committee on Print- 
ing, reported back the following resolution, with 
the recommendation that it do pass; which was 
read, considered, and adopted: 
Rcsolved, That (here, be printed för the use of tbc Ilouse 
ten thousand extra copies ot• the reports froin the select 
comnlittcc of thirty three, the majority and Ininority re-- 
ports to be iircluded in the same doctunent. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask the unan- 
mous consent of the House for leave to present 
certain memorials. 
Mr. GROVV. I object to the presentation of 
memorials and petitions in open House. They 
can be introduced under the rules by being handed 
in to the Clerk. I wrant my objection to be a 
standing one. 
POST ROUTE BILL. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, to call the attention of the House to a 
I moved the amendment which the gen- 
matter ofa practical character. To-morrow, dur- 
tlcman from New York sought to introduce— 
ing the morning hour, thc House will be called 
which was the Crittenden proposition." NO 
I on to resume the consideration ofthc amendments 
reference seems to have been made, in the report 
of the Senate to the post route bill. There is onc 
I desire to call 
of the Globe, to that proceeding. 
of those amendrnents in reference to the trans- 
thc attention of' the House to this fact, so that if 
portation of the mails. 
I propose to introduce an 
the omission occurs also in the Journal it rnay be 
amendment, directing the Postmaster Gcncral to 
corrected. 
examine into all cases of a discontinuancc of man 
The SPEAKER. The that 
service, and to restore such service as he may 
the Journal shows the gentleman's amendment 
think proper. 
It is a matter of great importance 
to have been received. 
to our constituents. A1] of them are interested in 
Mr. CLEMENS. One further remark. 
it. thercfore have given this notice, that mem- 
that my colleague from the Abingdon district, 
i i bers may be here when the vote is taken. 
[Mr. MARTIN,] yesterday, is reportpd in the Globe 
to have expressed the wish that might be al- 
AMENDMENT TO SELECT COMMITTEE REPORT. 
lowed to go on and finish my " traitorous re- 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 ask the unanimous con- 
marks." 
sent of the House for leave to present amendnients 
I understand, Mr. Speaker, thut he used some which I design offering to the report of the select 
other expression, the purport of which did not 
committee of thirty-three at the proper time, in 
reach me at the time. It is as well for mc to say ' order that they may be laid upon the table, and 
first as last, that all the positions which I have 
i I ordered to be printed. 
conceived it my duty to take in this exiocncy of There was no objection; and it was ordered 
public affairs have been taken deliberately, and 
accordingly. 
with the expectation that I must, for a time, be I 
subjected to personal defamation. 
REPORT OF COMMITTEE OF THIRTY-THREE. 
-If, therefore, 
my colleague threw out his remark for the pur- 
The SPEAKER stated that the question before 
pose of giving me offense, I pardon him. do u the House, the morning hour having expired, 
