1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
533 
—thus removing it, as far as possible, from the 
people; and whilst, by numerous means, destroy- 
Inx the centripetal tendencies in our system, they 
have intensified the centrifugal, already increased 
by our widened tcrritory arid its d ivorse interests, 
by unduly elevnting the claims and rights of the 
States, to whosc " peculiar system , " as contrasted 
with the neation 's, they are now, by natural conse- 
quence,attem pting to give extra-territorial vitality 
in derogation of the ge-neral weal. The necessary 
result of this policy, embraced by many with that 
view, has been to weaken the bonds of the Union, 
and, by a gradual but certain process, to preparc 
the people sought to be enticed for the reboliious 
and revolutionary purposes now avowed. On 
every occasion, in every mode, and on every sub- 
ject save one, they have dwarfed the policy of the 
Democratic party, and left it a husk without life- 
giving or life-sustaining quality. 
I have said, on every subject save one. I refer, 
of course, to that which is their chiefest pretext. 
On all questions affecting slavery, they treat the 
ConstiQILion with violence; stretching it fur be- 
yond its Ictter or spirit. To this end they have 
adapted themselves successively, with amazing 
readiness, to every necessity of the hour. Anx- 
ious to break down the doctrine of conm•cssional 
prohibition, they adopted the theory of leaving 
to the Territorial Legislatures the control of the 
" domestic institutions " of the people. That 
passing purpose sufficiently secured, they denied 
the power of the Territorial Legislatures hostilely 
to touch stavery. Using this doctrine for: a tcm- 
porary purpose, they threw it aside as worthless, 
setting up in its place tho dogma that, as the Con- 
stitution recognizes slavery, neither Congress nor 
the Territorial Legislature can prohibit it, and 
both must protect it am-linst a hostile local senti- 
ment. Proclaiming the sanctity of compromises 
they repudiate all 
until that of 1850 is accepted, 
such notions in 1854, and destroy the Missouri 
compromise of 1820, which, while not in their 
way, was esteemed well nigh sacred, and fit to bc 
In their for 
extended to the Pacific. 
the admission of slave States, they sought, • 
In 
1858, to drag Kansas into the Union affainst the 
will of her people under a fraudulent slavery con• 
stitution which did not embody the popular wish, 
and was known to be in opposition to it—a measure 
of wrong repudiated by the Territory, condemned 
by the conscience of the country, and, after the 
act, confessed, by a distinguished supporter, to 
have been a disgraceful measure, which "should 
while, iri 
have been kicked out of Congress," 
1860 and 1861, they resisted to the last point tho 
admission of Kansas with frec instituti01')s con- 
formable to the popular will. So wholly have 
the conspirators wielded the Democraticorganiza- 
tion in their destruction of the old land-marks 
set up by great men to be preserved forever. 
As the conspirators debauched the creed and 
)olicy of the Dem()cratic party, so they manipu- 
ated the men of that party, or discarded those 
111 1844, when Van 
they could not manipulate. 
Buren promised to be unyielding, they prevented 
his nomination by establishing in the convention 
a novel and arbitrary rule, till then unknown, 
which transferred control of the party from the 
majority to the minority, who have held it ever 
since, and through it have ruled the country. In 
1847, they threatened the " crushing out" pro- 
cess against all who advocated the Wilmot pro- 
viso. In 1848, General Cass gained their support 
by abandoning former opinions, and adopting 
new ones, couched, however, in such Delphie 
words that they were interpreted oppositely in 
In 1849—50, a sagacious and 
different sections. 
patriotic southern President, when resisting their 
machinations, wasstruck down by death. In 1852, 
they n om inated General Pierce, ose an teceden ts 
and surroundings were satisfactory. During his 
administration vast evil was done, and vastly more 
prepared. In 1856, they gracefully yielded to the 
necessity of the nomination ot Mr. Buchanan, 
who did not falter in their service until it would 
have been treasonable to go further. In 1860, their 
real character and purpose were disclosed. Fear- 
ing and hating Mr. Douglas for one act of dis- 
obedience, they expended every effort to prevent 
his nomination. The two-thirds rule and other 
appliances failing, they kept the Charleston eon- 
vention several weeks in session, forced an ad- 
iournment to Baltimore, wherc, failing to defeat 
in twain, nominated a second candidate, hope- 
lcssly divided the Democratic party, and com- 
pelted a Republican victory. 
Thus, the Democratic party divided, the Re- 
publican party triumphant, the I.vhole southern 
people purpösely misled as to its opinions and 
policy, and the fitting occasion supposed to have 
arrived for placing the match to the magazine, 
the conspiracy was unvailed. To-day it stands 
before the American people the most hideous de- 
velopment in their history or that of any other 
nation. 
ITS PURPOSE AND PATH. 
I proceed to the third question: whither does 
it tend, and by what path? The path is the as- 
serted right of secession; the end, the dissolution 
of the present IJnion. On the, other question, at 
least equally important—what shall follow disso- 
lution? there is great difference of opinion. Some 
prefer a southern confederacy, with a constitution 
much like the present; others propose a recon- 
struction of this Government, with news.' guaran- 
tees and conditions, on the extent of which they 
again differ, A l}, however, I believe, agree in 
" sloughing off" New England. Others incline 
to a constitutional monarchy;- others again, as 
foreshadowed by Governor Pickens, of South 
Carolina, to a strong ll)ilitary governrnent. There 
is this much Inelhod in their madness: thcy agree 
ut the. destructive part of their policy , but largely 
differ upon the constructive; no new experience, 
since to pull down requires only brute force, to 
I have heard 
build up requires great qualities. 
it lately said that three things werc necessary in 
governmental construction: Wisc mcn, 
and thc favor of' God. this be true, this south- 
movement rnust have disastrous termination. 
The path chosen is by the alleged right pos- 
sessed by each State to secede at pleasure ft•otn 
It is scarcely necessary to say that 
the Union. 
this isa doctrine wholly thou tau thori ty, against 
common sense, and repudiated in terms by the 
tnost eminent of our statesmen. Mr. Madison, 
in the recently published letters to N. P. Trist, 
Esq., written in 1832, says: 
I partake of the wonder that the men you name. should 
view secession in thc light mentioned. 'Rhe essential 
ence between a frec government and a government not free 
which are mutually and cqual]y bound bv it. Neither of 
them, thcrqJbre, can have a grcater right io break off from 
the bargain than th.e other or othcrs ha.vc to hold him to it. 
And certainty is nothing in the Virginia resolutions 
of 1798 adverse to this principtc, which i* that of' connnon 
sense and ccnnmon justice. The fallacy which draws a 
(lifü:rent conclusion fron) them lies in confounding a single 
party with the parties to the constitutional cotnpact of the 
United States. The latter, having tnade the counpact, may 
do what they will with it. The turmer, ns one of the par- 
ties, owes fidelity to it titl released by consent, or absolved 
by an intolerable abuse of the power created." 
In the same Ictter Mr. Madison alludes to Mr. 
Jefferson's opinions as expressed in his letters to 
Monroe and Carrington, to the effect that it was 
not necessary to find a " rWht to coerce in the 
Federal articles, that being inherent in the nature 
of c compact. " 
Mr. Madison again says: 
Milny seem to have lost sight of the great principle, 
that conipact is the basis and essencc of' free government ; 
and that no right to disregard it belongs to a party till re- 
leased from it by causes which the other parties have 
an equal right to judge. In the event of an irreconcilable 
conflict, not of rights, but of opinions and claiuns of right, 
force becomes the arbitcr." 
he called upon all real friends of the 
Again : 
Union to " finally rally against those speculative 
orrors, which, assuming a practical character, must 
subvert it. " 
The same views are found in his correspond- 
ence ••,vith Mr. Webster, and, at an earlier date, 
with Alexander Hamilton, to whom, pending the 
rat.ifictuion of the Constitution by the State of 
New York, he said: 
't' My opinion is, that a rescrvation of the right to with- 
draw if amendrnents be not decided on under the form of 
the Constitution, within a certüin time, is a conditional 
ratification ; that it does not make New York a rnembcr of 
the Union ; and consequently, that. ehe should not he re- 
ceived on that plan. Comnacts must be reciprocal; this 
principle would not, in such case, be preserved. The 
Union, cannot- be acknowledged ; qu!hority -is 
utterly repugnant both to the principles upon whiéli:-the 
General Government is constituted 'and the Objects whieti 
it was expressly forme(Y to attairi." 
The doctrine has never been 
the Supreine Court, or by such states-meh John 
Quincy Adams, Clay, Benton, or Webster; 
a doctrine unknown in ancient nib-d- 
ern, and especially in those confederacies whose 
frames were so carefully studied by the-fathers 
of our Government. 
In 1833, the Legislature Of 
Kentucky declared, by resolution, that the right 
of secesston is not only unauthorized bythe Cpn- 
stitution, but is Fepugnant to its letter and spirit. " 
In 1851 , the State con vention of Mississippi, called 
to consider the' compromise measures of 1850, 
resolved that— 
The asserted light of secession from the Union on the 
part of a State is utterly unsanctioned by the Fedeml 
Constitution." 
Mississippi is now a seceding State—so read- 
ily are discarded opinions assumed when suited 
to a supposed emergency. 
So much for the path, which has been hewn by 
force, and does not legally exist. 
ITS JUSTIFICATION. 
Now for the justifying reasons. Mr. Madison 
says a people may be absolved from allegiance 
when there is, on the part of Government, " an 
intolerable abuse of the povv•er created." Does 
that abuse exist? 
I propose to examine this• point fairly—waiv- 
ing all technical points—and therefore to con- 
dense fram the papers issued by the convention 
of South Carolina statement of their grievances 
in justification of their action. Those papers are 
two in number—the address to the slaveholding 
States, and the declaration of independence, each 
prepared by a separate committee; -the former 
reported by M". Memminger, the latter- by Mr. 
Rhett—both gentlemen in harmony with the sen- 
timen t of their State, and thoroughly familiar with 
the causes of complaint. 
The former paper is the more elaborate. 
opens with a. statement " that the one. great evils 
from which all other evils have flowed, is the over- 
throw of the Constitution of the United States;" 
the Government being no longer free, but a des- 
potism, such a Government as our fathers resisted 
nn 1776. It assumes a parallelism between the 
* Now, I have taken the pains of examining a!} confed- 
fn none of the 
cracics of which ',ve have any knowledge. 
tnany Greek confederacies did the right of secession exist, 
In 
so Car as we can trace their fundatnental principles. 
smne rare cases an unfaithful member Inay have been ex. 
pulsed. But in the rnost itnporl.aliL of all these cont'edera- 
cies, and in that which received the most co:nplete organiza- 
tion, resembling, in nnany points, our own, in tile Achæan 
League there existed no right ofsecession ; and this is proved 
by the following case: when the had obtained 
the supretnacy over Hellas, and Greece was little more 
than a province of R01ne, the N,tolians respectfully waited 
upon the Rcnnan connmssioner, Gallus, to solicit permis. 
He sent Lhe:n to the Sen- 
Sion to secede from tbe League. 
ate, and. the scccssionists obtained at Rome the permission 
to withdraw—no leading case.' I suppose, for Americans. 
The Amphictyonic Council afiowed of no secession. It 
was Pan-Hellenic, and never tneant to bc The 
medie&al leagues ot• the Lombard cities, o? the Swabian 
cities, and or the Rhenish cities, permitted no spontaneous 
withdrawal ; but the fortunes of the fiercest wars waged 
against them by the nobility would occasionally wrench off 
a member, and produce disruptions. The great [-lanscatic 
League, which, by its powertUl union of distant cities, be- 
can)e one of the most efficient aøents in civilizing E,uropo, 
and whicb, as Mr. Huskisson stated in Parliament, carried 
trade and manuthcture into England, knew nothing ofseces- 
Sion until the year 1630, when the princes, greedy for the 
treasures of her cities, had decreed her destruction, and 
forced many members to secede. This is no leading case 
either. 
The Swiss Confederacy, the Germanic Federation, 
knew and know nothing of secession ; nor did the United 
States of the Netherlands, so much studied by sotne of our 
frtuners, and by Washington among thern, admit the with- 
drawal of' auy *ingfe State. 
AIE these conféderacies consisted of a far looser web 
than ours. None had a federal govermnent comparable 
to ours, yet they never conternplated such a right. And 
should we do so—we, with a firmer union, a better under- 
standing of politics, a nobler consciousness of our mission 
as a nation, and greater blessings at stake? Should we, 
indeed, of all men that ever united into federations, treat 
our Government, by which we excel aii ather united: gov- 
enunent,s. as a sort of political picnic to which the invited 
General Jackson is repeatedly on record; and thinks fit. or the hurnor may Arc the rights 
—that is, the indivkiuals, and 
on the side o" the States 
in his message to Constress on thc 16th of Janu- 
the obligations, and obligations only,- on the side Of the 
-—that is, the whole? This doctrine is the 
ary, 1833, declared that 
confederary 
The right of the people nf a single State to absolve French theory of excessive individual right and personal 
sovereignty applied EO States, and naught else.' '—Francis 
themselves at will, and without the consent of the other 
States, from their most solemn obligations, and hazard the Lteber, L.L. dddress Ju0J 4, 1851, at Greenville, South 
•Mr, Douglas, they seceded. broke thc Öonventi01J and happiness Gf millions composing this Carolinas 
