534 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 29, 
complaints of South Carolina and the colonies, 
and sustains it by asserting that the northern 
States, " having the majority in claim 
the same power of omnipotence in legislation as 
the British Parliament' '—the s' •encral welfare" 
being the only limit to the legislation of either; 
that the southern States are taxed f0).• the benefit 
of the North, and that the representation of the 
southern States in Congress is useless to protect 
them a•ainst taxation. It also complains that, for 
the last forty years, tho people of the South have 
been taxed by duties on imports, not for revenue, 
but for an object inconsistent with revenue—to 
promote, by prohibitions, northern interests, in 
the promotion of their mines and manufactures; 
and that of the taxes collected from them, three 
fourths are expended at the North, thus impover- 
ishing the former and enriching the latter. This 
exhausts one branch of the arcyument. To all 
which it may be answered 
First. That the Constitution, so far from being 
has administered upon sub- 
overthrown, 
stantially the same principles, making due al- 
lowance for thc imperfect10P and errors incident 
to all human affairs," from the orcanization of 
the Government to the present time. During it, 
the Supreme Court has changed less frequently 
than any other department of the Government; 
and for many years a majority of its judges have 
been from the southcrn Statcs. The tendency of 
its decisions, also, has, within thc last thirt.y 
years, been more and more narrowinff down to- 
wards the standard of the South Carolina school, 
as is known by every student of our polities. Be- 
sides, the general legislation of the country has 
been closely confined, and in repeatcd instances 
has been nullified, by the interposition of the ex- 
ecutive power, which I-las, without material excep- 
tion, Ijeen in the hands, or under the control, of 
the southern Statcs. 
Second. 'I'hc attempted parallel fails, because the 
colonies were not represented in Parliannent•, nnd 
tho southern States are represent.cd iFI Congress 
precisely in proportion to their claims and in ac- 
cordancc with thc provisions of the Constitution 
It fails, also, bc- 
ratificd by all and binding all. 
cause the British Parliament is omnipotent; and 
the Congress is limited , as all admit, by the grants 
of the Constitution , which the Supreme Court has 
interpreted with much severity and uniformity. 
Neither is the parallel more happy as t.o results 
than ns to thc principle; for, although it is asserted 
representation of the southern States is 
that thc 
useless to prolect thern against taxalion I 
lenge. any one to point out case in whic.b meas- 
urc of taxation has been resisted by the South 
and enforced by the North, 'l'herc is no such casc. 
But if werc, it would not necessarily relieve 
the southern States from their allegiance 
be. justified, they mtn.st bc able to point, out an 
intolerable abuse." 'I" hat is impossible. 
clailncd parallelisvn not existino, it is easy to sec 
the two parties essen tinlly diffin•. 
wherein 
colon ists planted u pon their principle, 
the South Car- 
without regard to the 
amount; 
olinians, chiefly upon the amount, subordinately 
upon the principle, erroneously upon both. 
Third. 'I'llC allusion to the tariff question is 
wisely restricted to the last forty years, since, 
prior to that Lime, South Carolina Representatives 
made 
voted for protective tariffs. Mr. Callioun 
an able speech, in this blouse, in favor ot• the tariff 
act of 1816; and South Carolina and other south- 
ern members supported it against the protest of 
New England. Neither is this the cornplaint 
which the people of' thc South can mal€e, for they 
have never been united in favor of a purely reve- 
nue tariff. No protective tariff bill ever passed 
I,vithout southern support; and that of 1842, which 
had a rnujority of but one vote in cach House, 
received tKirteen southern votes in the House* and 
fivc in the Senate. t r l'hc tariff policy was inau- 
gut•atcd under Washington, and has continued 
with various modifications up to tbh present time; 
and it is a remarkable, and for the authors of the 
address a humiliating fact, that the present tariff 
*Y E As—Messrs. Rodney, of Delaware; Kennedy, Pea rec. 
Randall, and . Soilcrs, of Maryland ; 
Pow-ell, and 
Taliaferro, of* Virginia; Andrews, Davi*, and Pope, of•Ken- 
.loscph L. I V illialns, of 'Pennessee ; and Moore, of 
Louisiana—13. Total vote—yeas 104, nays 103. 
of Delaware ; Crittcndcn and 
Bayard, 
law was voted for by the whole South Carolina 
delegation in Congress, of •whom one is known 
to have declared himself opposed to all tariffs, 
revenue or protective, and in favor of direct tax- 
ation. Furthermore, for the lust fourteen years, 
the changes in our tariff system have becn from 
cine reduction to another, and complaint is less 
justified on this point now than at any former 
period. Besides, it is not true that northern in- 
terests have been solely protected by our tariffs; 
forin all, the southern interests of sugar, tobacco, 
ånd hemp, to say nothing of the iron interest of 
the South, havc been largely protected. Thus 
this petulant complaint disappears—being, if an 
o[lönse, not exclusively a northern one; if a ben- 
eflt to any interests, not exclusively to northern. 
Fourth. It is complained that {hc taxes col- 
lccted among them are not expended among them. 
I have no rneans of knowing what amount of 
money has bcen expended by Government for 
various purposes in the southern States; but I do 
not recall a single instance in which aid was re- 
fused to an important work because located in a 
Southern State. As to thc fortifications erected 
by Government, most of which are now in the 
possession of scccdiog States, a report made a few 
years ago showed that $13,366,000 had been ox- 
pended upon them; and it is known that these 
works were completed and strengthened, others 
commenced, and that in the last three years large 
sums have been spent upon public buildings in 
Charleston, New Orleans, and other southern 
cities. As to the other phases of this pctty com- 
plaint, I commend attention to the subjoined ex- 
tract from a speech made in the convention of 
South Carolina: 
When we complain in the agtrt•eayate, or in general terms, 
when '.ve say that the. "E'ievanees ot South Carolina are 
ibnud in the fact t.hat the 'i'reasury hag been depleted by 
Ill cgal and in undue proportion adlilinistered to the 
North, I question whether we are quite safe in allegina 
that as a grievanec of Carolina, without qualifica- 
'I'here has been an un!åitiiful execution ()t• thc Con- 
tion. 
agent in that re- 
sLitution on t.hc part of its own general 
But let us not ('ortvet. to confess the truth under 
I•VhaL have we ourselves been 
any and all circtunstances. 
doing? And in tuc city of Charleston, too, where have 
you bought your supplies, and iVi111 who:n do you trade ? 
Whcrc has I-he great surplus (_)t• your Inoney been necessa- 
has it gone to? Ilas it not gone to 
rily spent? \ Vhcre 
tbcse people WIIO have received the Federal Inoncy ? Gov- 
erhme,nt and individuals ha ve sought Illc samc Inarket. 
> Because nobody ctse could furnish the articles 
Why . 
each wanted. Can you >ay, there(öre, that tbc Fcdral Gov- 
erntnent. is to be blau-red tor spending a large amount of 
Inone.y ill the lion-slavehnidilig States? VVhcre was the 
Federal Govotnrnent obliged to get its necessary support 
fot the Anny and Navy? Where could the Federal Gov- 
c: nnlent. till up ranks of' Anny and Navy? Will you 
not allow the Governinent to"buy of its own citizens, as we 
have all done? If by tbc cunning of these men in the non- 
slaveholding States they have been able to present to thc 
Governtncnt inducements to obtain tbcir supplies, can we 
complain? Where else could they have becn procured ? 
So t•ar, the Govennnont has been obliged to spend its Inoney 
annong the peopic ()t• the North and Northwest it)r bacon, 
, kind till the supplies of tho and Navy. 
submit 
these views tll() purpose of drawing the attention ot• the 
conven(ion to the that we lilay go too in this doc- 
, and u.sc assertions too strona. 
tunen t 
Their last grievance. has reference to thc slave 
quest.ion While complaining orthc congressional 
prohibition of slavery ft•orn the Territories—a 
policy inaugurated by the. consent of Virginia and 
other slaveholding States, al tho beginning of the 
Government, and now 01')ly contemplated to a 
limited oxtcnt by any party—the address charges 
that the purpose of the party is, the 
Int.crfin•ence with slavery in the slaveholding States; 
in spite 
a complaint also prospective, but Inade 
of the distinct and emphatic declarations to the 
contrary, in the Chicago and by Re- 
it is safe to say, 
Indeed, 
publicans everywhere. 
that the Republican members of will 
cor)sent, with substantial unanimity, to initiate 
proceedinßs by which such a prohibition shall 
be inserted in the Constitution, should it appear 
that this cornplaint is sincerely, •and not hypo- 
critically made. The declaration of independence 
of South Carolina touches this subject in detail, 
alleging: 
First. That tllC laws of the Genera} Government 
fail to make effective and valuable the fao•itivc 
clause of the Constitution. 
Sccond. That fifteen States have enacted laws 
nullify • the laws of Congress or 
which cither 
prevent their execution. 
Third. 'I'hat, r. Lincoln has boon choson Pres- 
citizenship certain persons who, by the supremo 
law of the land, are incapable of becoming citi- 
zens. 
Fifth. That after the 4th of March next, the 
equal rights of the States will be lost, and the 
slaveholding States will no longer have the power 
of self-preservation. 
To all these it is easily answered: 
In not a single case has the fugitive slave law 
been rendered inoperative; but in every case it ha's 
been executed, and generally without disorder; 
that it has becn more faithfully executed than cer- 
tain corresponding laws in the southern States; 
and that in no case has an alleged slave escaped 
except when adjudged free by ihe• commissioner. 
That thc legislation of the fifteen States named 
proves the imputations cast upon them false; or if 
they have the appearance of truth, there is no 
reason to doubt that the laws will be revised, and 
placed in proper shape; but if this were not so, 
there is a remedy for the case in the Union, and 
under the Constitution. That the election of au 
adverse President has always hitherto been peace- 
fully acquiesced in by those now victorious; that 
the mere election is not an offense; that tbc opin- 
ions of the President elect ave grossly misrepre- 
sented and perverted in the State papers before 
named; that if disposed, he could not do what in 
wrongfully attributed to him; and that, as the 
next Congress would be constituted , the President 
rrhaE 
would be powerless to control 
the question of citizenship is One of constitutional 
law, which tribunals have been specia»y erected 
to decide. And that the last complaint is a pre- 
diction—not a fact—a prediction not founded on 
a true statement of past or present occurrences, 
and with no probability or possibility of realiza- 
tion. 
Such are their proclaimed grievances and com- 
plaints; such also, in brief, the facts which prove 
them groundless; or, if to any extent real, remc- 
diable within the Union, Never did vebel peoplc 
It would be won- 
so flimsily justify themselves. 
derful if any one believed their reasons satis- 
factory or defending so '-rruvc a step. .lndeed, 
think it demonstrable that the members of the 
convention felt the weakness of the 
'n t.he debate upon the declara- 
and their cause. 
tion, lVIr. Maxcy Gregg objected that it was silen*ö 
on thc tariff' and the unauthorized expenditures 
of Government, while it laid " the main stress upon 
the incomparably unimportant point relative to 
fuffitive slaves," and the laws northern Stateß 
in relation thereto. I-Ie flutber protested against 
weakening their cause by " confining themselves; 
to these miserable fugitivc slave law•s. Mr. Keitt, 
defending the address and its omission of the 
tariff, reminded Mr. Gregg that all of South Car- 
olina's Representatives in Congress had voted for 
the present tariff! With regard to -the fugitive 
slave law, of whose non-execution compkaint is 
made, Mr. Keitt said he had " very great doubts 
about the propriety of thc fugitive slave law;" 
and MI'. Rhett said hc had doubt of its cot-tslitu- 
tionality,and had expressed it wrhen a member of 
'l'ouching the (so-called) personal 
the Senatc. 
liberty bills," Mr. Wardlaw thought the stress 
too much the 
laid upon thorn gave the address 
Judge Withc 
appearance of special pleading. 
intimated very distinctly that the causes stated 
were not sufficient to secure his natnc to the ac.t 
of secession; but he signed it by reason of other 
causes, not stated, which X,vero controllincr. 
Looking over the proceedings of the, conventi0h) 
and the Legislature, I can find but the 
additional causes stated anywhere; and present 
them, so as to make their case comple'te. One is 
named in the report of a committee of the Senate 
of the State, namely: that the people of the slaves 
holding States pay two thirds of the revenue of 
the country. In tile same spirit, the Mayor of 
New York, in his latc mcssaec, claims for that 
city that it " contributes in revenue two thirds of' 
the expenses of the United States." These two 
self-exaggerating authorities thus account fop 
one third more revenue than is received, and re- 
lieve the bulk of the population of the country 
alt agency in supporting the Government. 
Another is stated by Judge Withers, and is to 
the effect that a jury in Pennsylvania, about thir- 
teen years ago, failed to find a true verdict in a 
casc of death arisi ng out of the recapture of slaves, 
And another he statos thus, in his rcpovt the 
Moorehead, of Kentucky; Conrad and Barroxv, of Louis- 
Fourth. That certain States have elevated to committee on the relations of the slaveholding 
'l'otal votc—ycas 
lana—5. 
