THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
535 
States. The dissatisfaction with the Government 
is not attributable to anything in its structure, 
but to the false glosses and dangerous misinter- 
pretations and perversion of sundry of its provis- 
ions, even to the extent, in one particular, of so 
covering up the real purposes of certain legisla- 
tion (meant to protect domestic manufactures 
in one section) as to estop the Supreme Court, in 
its opinion, from judicially perceiving its real 
design." 
This completes the dreary catalogue," as 
made by the champions of disunion. How piti- 
ful the list! But it was the best possible. Not 
one has the ring of reality; not one will bear the 
test of fact. Several members expressed dis- 
satisfaction With the papers; but none could 
strengthen them, and they were adopted. Thus 
they stand upon the page of history, challengincr 
criticism and judgment, being as remarkable for 
sophistry in argument as inaccuracy in statement. 
What the verdict of mankind will be, who can 
doubt upon reading this paragraph from the speech 
of Judge Withers, uttered immediately before 
sionil')g the ordinance of secession: 
think it' every member of the convention should draw 
up an indictnnmtt against the people of the unfaithftil con- 
federate States, and you Inight have any number of ad- 
dresses upon that subject, you would probably find no ttvo oe,ry 
nearly alike. Since, therefore, every one's taste aud judg- 
ment cannot be answered, if there be no substantial objec- 
tion to thc addresses beiöre us, as I think t.here is not, it is 
proper to vote for them, and shall do so." 
Surely, those grievances cannot be very actual 
or well defined which no two of one hundred and 
fifty-five members ofa convention elected for the 
Such con- 
purpose did or could agree in stating. 
iö.sston is, itself, complete as an arraignment and 
condemnation of South Carolina, and defense 
of the Government sought to be overthrown. 
I turn willingly from this mortifying cxhibition 
of maddened unen sccking to pull down the pillars 
of the Republic. I say maddened, for what else 
induced this passage in their address? 
it now too late to reform or restore the Government 
of the United States. Ail confidence in the North is lost 
in the South. 'l'he thithlcssness othalfa century has opened 
a gult• of separation betwccn thetn which no promises or 
engagements can fill." 
Thus has South Carolina shut the door against 
reconciliation, asserted independence, and begun 
the attempt to establish, upon reactionary princi- 
ples;/a new govcrnmcnt, with a basis antagonizing 
it to ail European Powers, whose recognition they 
expect to purchase by promises of profitable trade. 
Let us, for the sake of the past, if not the possi- 
ble future, and more in sorrow than in anger, 
screen from further view the petulance, prejudice, 
tho unholy ambition and headlong 
and hatred, 
desperation of the present masters of South Caro- 
lina, is the atlomalous position of havmg 
complaints without foundation, grievances with- 
out actuality, sufferincr without wounds, oppres- 
Sion without burdens, and apprehensions with- 
out reason. 
The other secedii'lg States, wisely profiting by 
the example of South Carolina, held their con- 
ventions with closed doors—having published no 
report of the debates on the adoption of theii' or- 
dinances of secession—and have, prudently, re- 
frained from attempting to give a detailed state- 
ment of their grievances. This, also, is significant. 
Every step in this treasonable movement betrays 
the conscious guilt of its participants. 
ITS INEVITABLE FAILURE. 
As, Mr. Speaker, I have thought of the possi- 
ble destruction of this Union, and forecasted the 
manifold and terrible afflictions which must en- 
sue, I have been overwhelmed with dismay at the 
depth and darkness of the abyss toward whose 
is unfathomed 
bnnk we, have been tending. 
and unfathomable. By none of us or ours be the 
attempted measurement cvcr made! But will this 
ican unity, which is one of the great facts of his- 
tory; thus committinc a crime against humanity. 
All races feel this yearning union; and many 
have strugglingly, and for years vainly, sought it. 
To us it came early and without difficulty, for 
we encountered few or no disturbing causes; and 
hence we value it too lightly. MT hat the home- 
feeling is to the individual, national unity is to a 
people. The fm•mer unlocks his soul, leads him 
in paths of perennial beauör, fills him with noble 
emoaions, and fits him for higher life. The latter, 
by a mysterious but powerful attraction, clasping 
in brotherhood those who are one in lineaøe and 
language, consolidates their intensifies 
their po wers, multipl ies their capacities, and drives 
them, with cver-renewi1P vigor, to the fulfillment 
of their mission. Tyrants cannot crush this. 
Even Napoleon, in the pride of bis power and the. 
flush of brilliant victory—his heel on the neck of 
nationalities whose empires he had mastercd— 
could not reconstruct the map of Europe. Ages 
cannot dim it; for at this moment the world thrills 
with the spectacle of the long-lost Italian nation 
reasserting its unity, and, after weary and fearful 
oppression, gathering up its life-elements for con- 
solidation into a liberal and powerful government. 
How differently we appear! The events trans- 
on our Gulf coast proclairn a revolution 
threatened without just or adequate cause, not so 
much by open as secret means; not in a spirit of 
thoughfülne.ss, but madness; not in deliberation, 
but rashness; not in manliness, but covertness; its 
purpose to disunite men of one race long united 
under the freest and best institutions, enjoying 
and having enjoyed unequaled civil, political, so- 
ciat, ftunily, and personal blessino•s. Can such a 
movcmcnt, thus Initiated, curried on, and aimed, 
be successful? Surely, no. it contains with*' 
It ought to 
itself the causes of inevitable failure. 
It wilk fail. Mankind cannot afford its sac- 
faiL 
cess. The Amcricarl people wili not allow it. 
God (l speak it with rcvcrence) will not permit 
the sacrilegious overthrow. Every instil"ct revolts 
at it. Every principle rcbcls against it. Every in- 
tercst cries aloud in earnest protest. States may 
reel and fall; comrnu nities may forget their duties; 
majorities nmy be rnisled; citizens may neglect 
their trust;• folly, tcrroristn, and treason, may rule 
the hour; but the storm will pass, the calm come, 
It may 
and peace be again within our borders. 
not be very soon. 'I'hc virus is not thus casily 
expelled from the body-politic. Blows are not so 
soon forgotten. Gashes do not at oncc heal up; 
and when tl'ley do, scars are left. But this much 
is certain: TIKIS UNION WILL NOT BE DE.STROYF,D. 
You ask, what will save it? I answer: that. ever-liv- 
will save 
ing, ever-thinking mass—THE PEOPLE— 
it. But how? 'Through the acroncies within their 
their popular assmnb110*, and the myriad 
reach— 
forms of their organized lifts; their local Legisla- 
tures, State conventions, cmvressional represent- 
ation and executive head, upon each devolving a 
share of the labor and responsibility. It may not 
be done in aday ; and gentlcmcn should not demand 
such precipitancy. Years x,vere required for the 
original construction, and tirnc is now needed 
to dissipate passion, rcvcal truth, and induce ra- 
tional views of duty. Complaints must be exam- 
ined, opinions compared, and a policy determined. 
WV hatever can fairly be asked of me, I am ready 
to do, as my votes will show. 
Mean while, whatever be the precipitate or craven 
conduct of complaining States, the Government 
should preserve its position—giving up no right, 
escaping from no duty, and concedil'lg no release 
from ailcgiance to itself. Cornbining the macr- 
nanimit.y of the powerful with the tenderness of 
the [ovir-tg, while asserting and maintaining its au- 
thority, it should exhaust all peaceful agencies t.o 
restore tho frenzied to soundness of mind and 
gob?iety But if conciliation should 
not awaken docmaY1t patriotism, nor kindness pro- 
calamity overtako us? I hope—yea, 1 believe it 
I duce consideration; 
if, in dire infatuation, all 
will not. 
Such self-destruction is in tho highest degree honorable adjustment be spurncd, all peacefUl 
It is not only violative accomlnodation be refused, then will have arrived 
unnat.ural and criminal. 
the tilne to " test the strength of the Government." 
of every instinct, but dcstruct.ivc of every valua- 
ble interest, ilnmediate and prospective. Not only i Sir, I both dread and reprobate collision; but if, 
to maintain this Government against vile conspir- 
would dissolution result in several subdivisions, 
aggressors rest the responsibility. It has been 
rern4rked by a profound *thinker, with as much 
force as freshness* " Blood is not the worst thing 
in history." I add, neither is it the weakest. i" 
have always hoped that, at least in this country, 
we had advanced beyond the necessity foli an ap- 
I sincerely hope we have.' -I-yet 
peal to force. 
cherish the belief that we have. But if we have 
not, woe to those whose wickedness, in mislead. 
ing, deceiving, and " firing '.' the people, makes 
such a probability within ordinary range. 
But daring every danger, bearino• every burden, 
subrnilting to every sacrifice, and meetinø• every 
consequence, the AMERICAN PEOPLE will preserve 
this Government, because they love its liberal 
institutions which, in their compactness, vigor, 
efficiency, and power, are fitting monuments of 
the to•vvering mcn who made them; because every 
dear association, every tie of interest, every pres- 
ent and prospective good, is involved in the main- 
tenancc of the Union; because, justly measuring 
their history, which has been one of great ächieve- 
ment„ and their future, which abounds with bfil- 
liant promise, they know that union has made 
our pathway radiantly bright, and is the bow 
of promise wl'lich flushes the coming years; be- 
cause they appreciate t.he importance to man• 
kind of the manly qualities of the Anglo-Saxon 
race, which requires home and a becoming thea- 
ter of action, and whose choicest seat is this fer- 
tile, expansive, and central empire; and because, 
their souls reverently ITIindful ef the centuries of 
toil, privation, and suffering, of which modern 
civilization is the product.' they would cstecm it 
impiety to throw away their precious privileges, 
w}lose fruits are peace, prosperity, and happi- 
ness. Having thus determined, aid from so ex- 
alted motives, the self2t•eliant American people 
will address themselvcs—yea, are now addressing 
themselves—to this patriotic and Christian act; 
and they will patiently perform the duty, whether 
it leads thcnn through sunshine or storm, the 
plenty of peace or the perils of war; never ceas- 
mg from their labor until, their- nation saved, 
mankind assured an asylum, and liberty a coun- 
try, their work shall be fully, honorably, nobly 
done. Sir, in this faith I have lived; in it I wish 
Mr. WINSLOW, Mr. NELSON, and others, 
addressed che Chair. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. 1)AwEs in 
tho chair,) recognized Mr. WINSLOW. 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. I hope the gen- 
tleman from North Carolilia will yield me the floor 
for a few moments. 
Mr. WINSLOW. Certainly, sir. 
Mr. NELSON. i think 1 addressed the Chair 
before the gentleman from North Carolina did, 
and that I am entitled t.o the floor. 
Mr. MARTIN,0fVirginia. Then 1 hope the 
gentleman from Tennessee will yield to me for a 
moment. 
Mr. NELSON. 1 will if 1 get right. 
claim my right to the floor. 
The SPEAKER tcnwore. When two gen- 
tlemen address the Chair at the sarnc time, it is 
customary for the Chair to declare which shall 
speak first. 
Mr. NELSON. But 1 addressed the Chair first. 
Tl'he gentleman 
The SPEAKER pro tentpm,e. 
from North Carolina [Mr. WINSLOW) has been 
assigned the floor. 
Mr. NELSON. Yes, sir; but the Chair as- 
signed it to him with the knowledge that I had 
I did address the Chair first. 
spoken first* 
spoke before the gcntlcman from North Carolina, 
I ask the Chair 
and I therefore demand the floor. 
whether he did not hear me speak in the first in- 
stance. 
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 could settle the question 
in a morncnt if the gentleman alludes to me, when 
he says he demands the floor. 
Mr. NELSON. I demand it, because I spoke 
before the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. WiNSLONV. 'I'hen thc Speaker m ust 
settle thc question; but there is no use in showing 
an V temper about it. 
Mr. NELSON. Well, the Speaker settle it. 
The SPEAKER tnnpore. Does the gentle- 
acy and savo ourselves from anarchy and the re- 
of irritation; would it subject the weaker publican system contempt; if, to prote.ct our man from Fi'ennessee appeal from the decision Of 
to the stronger, and open us to the demoralizincr property fronl spoliation and our flag from dis- 
diplomacy of the contending factions, fapnilies, honor; if, to keep from the page of history the Mr. NELSON. I do appeal, because there are 
' ' frec institution.'$ are a ' 
scornfu\ sontencc, 
and houses of Europe, thus committing a crime 
the floor first. 
aaainstrcpublicanism;butitwould destroy Amer- Collision must come, let. it comc, a-nd upon the 
