538 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 24, 
two act in concert; and where there are more 
than two, let all those bordering on the river be 
associated togethcr for that purpose. You will 
then have just such regulations as are suited to 
the navigation of the river. You will have it in 
the hands of practical men, interested in steam- 
boats and navigation, who will manage it, You 
will have the money expended by men whose 
capital is at stake, and who have a pecuniary in- 
terest in having it correctly managed. I 'believe, 
ifwe adopted ibis system, we should get rid of 
the vexed question of appropriations from the 
public 'lh•easury for the improvement of rivers. 
T hc principlö is not a new one. 
It was intro- 
duced at the. beginning of this Government; it has 
been applied in many of the States: have not 
now bcfbre me a list; but I once collected a list of 
the States for whom Congress had passed laws, 
giving the assent of the United States to the im- 
provement of their harbors and rivers by the im- 
position of tonnage duties. Massachusetts once 
had laws of this kind; Pennsylvania, Maryland, 
Virgi nia, South Carolina, and Alabama, and prob- 
ably other States, have had the assent of Con- 
gress given them from time to time for the im- , 
position of tonnage duties fbr the improvement of 
theiu• rivcrs and the cntrance of their harbors. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator from Illi- 
nois will excuse me, I wish to recall to his mem- 
ory that it is only three or four days since we 
passed a similar bill for the port of Baltimore, 
at the suggestion of the Senator from Maryland, 
[Mr. PEAiw*E.n 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am obliged to the Senator 
for calling my attention to it. 
I came in just as 
that bilk was being read, and thought it was a re- 
newal of thc old law, but was not certain. Early 
in the history of this Government, probably in 
tho last century, a bill was passed to cnable the 
State of Maryland to levy tonnage duties in the 
port of Baltimore. 
It was renewed from time to 
time up to 1850 or 1851. 
I thiF)k that was the 
last renewal, when it was continued , perhaps, for 
ten years; and the other day, as I am now in- 
formed, the bill was again renewed. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. And passed both I-louses. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Why cannot we give the 
assent of this Government to tbc improvement of 
Red river for the benefit of the people rcsidil')g 
upon it, as well as to the improvement of the cn- 
trance of Baltimorc harbor for the benefit of the 
commerce and the people interested in that har- 
It is a simple proposition, and I think it is 
It comes within the very letter of 
a correct one. 
the Constitution; and if gentlemen will look into 
the debates of the convention that framed the Con- 
stitution they will find that this clause giving the 
right to levy tonnage duties with the assent of the 
United States wus incorporated for the express 
purpose of making improvements of rivcrs and 
harbors. According to my recollection of tho de- 
bates, the clause was first suggested by George 
Mason, of Virginia; and hc stated that the neces- 
sity ofincorporating thc provision would bc found t 
in the absolutc necessity for the improvement of 
the harbors and rivers in Chesapeake bay, He 
wanted thc powcr o•iven to Virginia to levy ton- 
nagc duties for these improvements. He offered a 
provision unconditionally giving this power, even 
without the consent of Cofigt•ess. Mr. Madison, 
according to my recollection —and speak only 
frorn a recollection of many years—objected that 
the unconditional power of a State to levy tonna«e 
duties for the improvement of' rivers and harbors 
would be liable to abuse, inasmuch as it might in- 
terfere with the general powerofCongress to regu- 
late commerce throughout the whole country; and 
hc said that while it was proper to give the power 
to each State to irnprove its rivers arid harbors by 
tonnage duties, the exercise of that power should 
be in subordination to the general power of the ! 
of improvements, rather than for' expenditures 
from the national Treasury. Whenever such ap- 
propriations are. made from- the national Treas- 
ury, you make simply a job for Government 
officers, under the charge of men we}! qualified for 
other duties, but very poorly qualified for these. 
I would rather have one dollar of money ex- 
pended under the direction of an old steamboat 
captain or pilot, or a man interested in the steam- 
boat business, who is watching the expenditure, 
than ten dollars expended under the Government 
engineer, who feels that it is a hardship to take 
him out of the regular line. of his profession, and 
assign him to a business which he knows no_th- 
ing about. 
I trust, as a matter of economy, that we may 
resort to this system, get it out of the Federal 
Government, and get it into the hands of those 
who are immediately interested in it; and I hope, 
as a matter of peace among the people interested 
in these local improvements, that we shall allow 
them to make them. It is well known that this 
Government will never remove the Red river raft. 
Is M. then fair or just thät we should withhold our 
consent that the people themselves may improve 
it at their own expense, while we refuse to im- 
prove it ourselves? The improvement should be 
made; the raft should be removed. Have we a 
moral right to refuse to remove it ourselves and 
at the same time refuse to permit those who are 
interested in it to remove it? I will not go into 
an argument to show the importance of this work. 
The Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. J 011Ns0N,] the 
other day, in a few brief remarks, made It so 
plain that no man can fail to'comprehend its im- 
portancc. He showed that the cost of transport- 
ation over the few miles of this raft was about 
twice as much as it would bc from Boston by 
'Way of New Orleans up to the raft. T hc cost of 
transportation across the few miles of this raft is 
nearly as much as it would be from New Orleans 
to Liverpool. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Five times as much. 
I'vlr. DOUGLAS. Five times as much, I am 
told. Is it right that they should be compelled 
perpetually to submit to thesc burdens rnercly 
because we have the arbitrary power, and will 
neither permit thetn to do it themselves, nor do it 
from the Federal Treasury ? 
I do not go into a discussion of the details. 
1 
merely vindicate the general principle involved in 
giving our assent to tonnage duties on these local 
works, which are to be done by those who are 
intercsled in them; relieving the Federal Treasury 
to that extent, and benefiting the people interes ted 
to the same extent. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, 1 wish to 
say few words in relation to one or two of the 
points made by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. 
T RUMI-BULL,] w h ich his colleague has notanswered. 
In the first place, sir, the obicction is made that 
the passage of this bill wonl(f be an interference 
with that free navigation of the Red river which, 
under the laws of the United States, is accorded 
to all its citizens. The answer to that is simple 
and obvious. T herc is no in Red river, 
at the place where this improvement is to bc made. 
T hc point is precisely in the same condition, and 
subject to the same rules and principles which 
govern Congress in relation to the falls of the 
Ohio at Louisville. T hc Ohio river is free to all 
citizens of the Union for its navigation; but there 
was no navigation at the falls, and Congress pro- 
vided means for creating a navigation there, and 
charged the vessels that used this artificial means 
of navigation, and has done so for a long series 
of years. 
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator permit mc a 
moment, to Inake an inquiry? I understood the 
honorable Senator from Illinois to state that we 
were prohibited from doing this by some treaty 
regulation of commerce. The result of the dis- i I stipulation. 
do not find any such stipulation. 
cussions between these two eminent men and I want to inquire of' the honorable Senator from 
others who participated in them was, that the Louisiana if hc knows of any ? 
power was to be given by the assent of Congress; 
Mr. BENJAMIN. The treaty of cession of 
so that, the paramount authority to regulate com- Louisiana provided that the navigation of the Mis- 
Inerce being this Government, the Statcs must 
sissippi river should bc forever free. 
exercise the right to collect tonnage duties for 
Mr. CLARK. I do not find any such provis- 
river and harbor improvements in subordination ion in the treaty. I may have overlooked it. 
to that paramount authority. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. It certainly, however, Irvas 
Now, sir, 
aru glad to sec this question arise. 
in the acts for the admission of Louisiana and the 
I believe that the States most interested in in- other States bordering on the river. 
ternal navigation, whether upon the lakes or the Mr. CLARK. I understand it to be in those 
rivers and bays, ought to apply for this system i I acts, and not in the treaty. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 think some 
previous treaty between Spain .and the United 
States—not the treaty of cession—providing for 
free navicration . 
Mr. CLARK. had the treaty of cession be- 
fore me, but I did not see it. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is providing for still 
freer navigation of rivers leading into the Missis- 
sippi, instead of obstructing it. 
It is providing for 
the citizens larger privileges of navigation than 
those that they now enjoy. The canal around 
the falls of the Ohio was not an infringement on 
the right of the citizens to the free navigation of 
I the Ohio, butit gave them further navigation than 
that which they had before. 
Mr. COLLAMER. And they paid tolls for it. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. And they paid tolls. Con- 
gress has, from time immemorial, gathered tolls 
from those vessels that used that precise improvem 
ment, and none others. This bill provides for 
the levying of tolls on such commerce as uses this 
particular improvement, and nonc other. Nobody 
bound to use this improvement that does not 
choose to do so. 
Nobody has any power of navi- 
gation there now, because there is none. This 
bill proposes to create a navigation where nonc 
preexists, and to charge those who use this new 
mcans of for the use of the improvc- 
ment thus created. 
There was another point made by the Senator 
from Illinois, and that is, that by the, first section 
of the bill Congress is called upon to assent in 
advance to any laws passed by these different 
Legislatures, without examination. To that I 
reply that Congress has no interest whatever in 
that question. The first section of thc bill simply 
points to the measures to be used for removinff 
the raft; the second section provides for that which 
touches the toll. Now so far as the removal of 
the raft is concerned, certainly the three States 
bordering upon the stream , having a direct interest 
in the removal of the raft, having the best knowl- 
cdgc of the difficulties and the best means of ob- 
viating those diffculties, are the parties who should 
be intrusted with the devising of the necessary 
and proper means for the removal. Why could 
you not Intrust the of the throe States 
with the same discretion, as to devisinffrncans of 
removing this raft, that you would be willing Lo 
trust to a board of engineers? When Congress 
provides for tho removal of an obstacle to naviffa- 
tion, it does not direct what means are to be em- 
ployed. It leaves that to a board of engineers, or 
to the War Department. Now, the first seet•ion 
of this bill does nothing more than confer that 
discretion on the Legislatures of the States. 
provides that, under the acts of the States, they 
may use such means as they may deem proper 
for removing the obstacle. 
Next comes the question upon which Congress 
has a right and an interestin intervening. It is as 
to the levying of the toll. MI hat does the second 
section provide? It provides suffc,ient guards to 
enable.C ogress to see that the discretion vested 
ates shall not be abused. It provides 
that th Legislatures of the States, who arc best 
competent to judge of the cost of this work and 
the burden which commerce will bear, for the pur- 
pose of carrying it out, may levy such tolls as are 
necessary for that purpose; but it does not give 
them unlimited pöwer. 
It limits the toll. Illimits 
the toll to an not exceeding fifty cents per 
balc of cotton, and twenty-fivc cents per barrcl of 
merchandise. The States will not go to this limit 
if the work will be done cheaper; and Congress 
says, by the bill, that it is not willing to let any- 
body go higher, if the '•vvork cannot be done for 
that. We are, therefore, prccisely, under the terms 
of the bill, exercising that discretion which we 
ought to exercise in all legislation of this character. 
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. DOUGLAS] sug- 
gested, with conclusive force, that there must be 
somewhere in this Government a power to exer- 
cise the functions which arc required for the pros- 
perity of the people. All powers that do not lie 
in the General Government are certainly vested 
I in the Statos or in tho people. There has been, 
for a fong series of years, a powerful party in this 
country opposed or) principle to the exercise by 
the General Government ofa power over naviøa- 
bic streams, of improving •tfrem, of' appropriating 
from the Federal 'I'reasury; and many who believe 
in the power, believe it, however, extremely inju- 
dicious to exercise it. Now, none can deny that 
