1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
539 
under the Constitution Congress has a right to 
permit two or morc States to make a compact upon 
any legitimate subject; and nonc can deny that a 
toll imposed for the use of an improvement is not 
a tax, a duty, or an impost. That distinction is 
as old as the languacre. A tax, duty, or impost, 
means a contribution exacted by the Goverrnnent 
for its revenue purposes. 
It is a sum imposed 
upon the people to be paid into the common Treas- 
ury for common purposes. A toll is a contribu- 
tion imposed upon a party who makes. use ofa 
particular improvement, intended to reimburse 
the cost of making that improvement. There is 
the clear distinction inherent in the very terms 
themselves, and familiar to all- who ever think on 
the subject. 
This, then, is not a tax, nor a duty, nor an 
impost. 
It is a toll; a toll for the use of an im- 
provement, intended to reimburse the cost of the 
improvement, levied only upon thosc who choose 
to use the improvement, the proceeds not going 
into a common treasury for the revenue purpose, 
but appropriated exclusively to the direct im- 
provement for which the toll is levied. It is 
exactly like a tax for wharfage for the use of a 
wharf. No man ever contended that the price 
paid in a harbor for fastening a vessel to a wharf 
was a tax, or a duty,-ot• an impost; or that the 
contribution levied upon a bale of merchandise, 
or a barrel of goods, for transportation across a 
wharf in a harbor, was a tax, or a duty, or an 
impost. 
It is in its nature a toil; a toll imposed 
upon the article for the use of the improvement, 
paid only by those who choose to use it; the pro- 
ceeds going not into a common treasury for com- 
mon purposes, but exclusively appropriated to 
the particular object. 
So, then, do not, by authorizing this legis- 
lation, trench in any degree on that principle of 
the Constitution which prohibits the levying ofa 
tax, duty, ot• impost, either on exports or im- 
It is, In legal, tech- 
It is no such thing. 
ports. 
nical language, a toll; 
no morc, no less The 
levying of a contribution of that kind for that pur- 
pose is as old as the foundations of the Govern- 
I have never heard it before disputed, and 
ment. 
I trust that the equity of this case is such as will 
recommend it to the favorable consideration of 
the Senate, and sccurc tho immcdiate passage of 
the bill. 
Mr. BAKER. I shall be very happy, Mr. 
President, to support this measure. lb has long 
been my opinion that the General Government 
should have improved Red river; and in the fail- 
ure to do that, I am quite willing to do thc next 
I ander.stal'ld that this is really a meas- 
best thing. 
ure, with the consent of all the States whose in- 
terests can be affected, to improve the navigation 
of Red river, nosv so impeded by the raft as to 
render it comparatively useless, if not entirely so, 
above that point. That it proposes a duty, a 
tax, an impost, a toll—I do not care which—on 
those who use the improvement, and nobody else, 
I suppose is the fact in the case. There are no 
States to be interestcd except thosc who agree; 
there is no commerce to be interfin•ed with except 
the commerce belonginff to these States; and, as 
I understand it, nobody clse can by possibility 
complain. I am very happy, thercforc, to yield 
my assent to such a proposition. I do not think 
there can be any constitutional objection in the 
way; but if it were not (Illite so certain, in the 
light of the instructive, though brief, debate which 
has been had, I should still yield my assent to 
I am one of those who do not be- 
the nteasure. 
lieve very much in these doubtful and difficult 
constructions of the Constitution to prevent its 
being a great instrument of good, rather than.of 
restraint upon the enterprise and energy of the 
people. I have been unwilling, so far as the Pa- 
cific railroad is concerned , to yield any sort of con- 
fidence to the class of objections made of a con- 
stitutional character, which would limit the power 
of the Government to construct the greatest work 
ever conceived in the world for the benefit of the 
this case, but in all others where I can, in my 
poof way, .wiéld the Constitution as a beneficent, 
broad instrument of good, stimulating the energy 
and enterprise of our people in every section of 
the country; and I fondly hope that the assent 
which I trust Congress will yield now to meas- 
ures for the benefit of Arkansas and Louisiana, 
rnay be only one of a series of assents which Con- 
gress may give to measures for the benefit of these 
States to a thousand coming generations. 
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the sen- 
ator from Louisiana says this is a toil. Now, 
sir, I am opposed to establishing toll-gates on the 
-navigable waters of these United States. 
I am 
opposed to this toll. 
If you may establish a toll- 
gate on the Red river, you may establish a toll- 
gate at the tmuth of thc Mississippi river; indeed, 
a bill has already passed through the committee 
of the Senate, and through this body, authorizincr 
the establishment of a toll-gate at the mouth of 
the Mississippi' river. I am opposed to this whole 
system of toll-gates upon our navigable waters. 
Sir, if you may establish a toll-gate at the mouth 
of the Mississippi river, you may establish a tou- 
gate wherever there is a snao• or a. sawyer from 
there to the falls of St.- Anthony. How do we 
know but that the State of Mississippi may to- 
day have established a toll-gate upon her borders, 
and cstablisheel a bat.tery to cnforce her tolls? 
Such, sir, is the report of our newspapers: that 
a battery has absolutely been established above 
Vicksburg on the Mississippi river, and that ves- 
sols are absolk.ttelv there brought to and required 
to pay toll. Sir, - I am opposed to this— 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Michigan will pause. The Chair must call up the 
unfinished business of yesterday at tllis hour, one 
o'clock havino• arrived. Thc unfinished business 
is the Pacific railroad bill. 
I beg to sug- 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
gest that this is a prior order to that, and it was 
taken up before the hour of one, for the purpose, 
if possiblc, of disposing of the subject-matter. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. 
that this joint resolution was a special order for 
onc o'clock; but the Pacific railroad bill, being 
the unfinished business of yesterday, takes pre- 
cedcncc. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then, 1 move 
to postpone that order. 
Mr. G WIN. I hope the Senator will not make 
that motion; but will propose to pass over the 
railroad bill informally, and go on with this fora 
fib w minutcs. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If be 
consent, the presellt business can be continued. 
Mr. rl'RUMBULL. 1 0bject, unless the sen- 
ate vote to proceed with it. 
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Did 1 under- 
stand the Senator from Illinois to object? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am in favor of taking 
up the Pacific railroad bill at onc o'clock, and 
thcreföre object to the continuance of this meas- 
ure to put the railroad bill oat of the way. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
I submit the 
motion that the Pacific railroad bill be passed by 
informally until this matter be disposed of, which 
I have reason to think, from the expression of 
opinion that I find around the Senate, will not 
consume much time—I think not over halfan hour. 
Mr. CLARK. Wii} the Senator from Arkan- 
sas allow me to inquire if it wili not answer his 
purposc to fix it for half past twelve o'clock to- 
morrow. 
chance to make a technicalobjeetion which throws 
it off, and compels me necessarily•to•. appeal •to 
the Senate to go on with the consideration? cf. 
what is a matter in behalf of fifty thousand people 
who ask of you no expenditure whatever. I hope 
the Senate will poslpone the consideration ofevery— 
thing clse and go on with this joint resolution, 
which was the prior order for to-day. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. Texas has a greater in- 
terest in this measure than any other State, and 
I hope the Senator from Illinois will withdraw 
his objection. It will take but a very short time 
to dispose of this measure, I think. I believe a 
majority of the Senate are in favor of it. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. A majority of the Senate 
can certainly settle it. 
If they prefer to continue 
this subject, instead of taking up the Pacific vail- 
road bill, 1 have no other objection to offer, ex- 
cept that I think the railroad • bill is more.import- 
ant. 
1 will make one remark, as I am up, in reply 
to what the Senator from Arkansas has said. 
do not know why hc should have made those 
remarks. There was certainly no occasion for 
them. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 only made 
them 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator. 
from Illinois yield to tho Senator féom Arkansas? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. After have made a state- 
ment, I will. I certainly have never opposed any- 
thing that came from Arkansas, or the Senatorfrom 
Arkansas, because it came from there. I made 
no opposition of that kind. I stated very briefly 
thc points that struck me as objectionable. They 
did not apply to the Red river particularly. They 
applied to the general improvement of any of 
these, rivers by States in this way. 1 think tbc 
inference which*he drew, that I had any other 
motive than the public good, was wholly unwar- 
ranted. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will consume 
I merely allude to 
no time in replying to tl'lat. 
it as a misfortune that belongs to me, will say 
no more about it. Thcre was no disposition on 
my part to wound the feelings of the Senator. 
Mr. WILSON. The Pacific railroad bill, 1 
believe, is the subject now before us; is it not? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator from 
Arkansas has moved that its consideration be 
postponed, in order to continue this subject. 
IVh•. WILSON. 1 rnove that it be postponed 
until two o'clock. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that 
the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill be 
postponed until two o'clock. 
Mr. BAKER. Unless this subject be sooner 
disRosed of. 
he motion was agreed to. 
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, it was the 
system to which I was more opposed than to this 
particular case. This may be an exceptional case; 
do not know but it is; but I am totally opposed 
to the system of establishing such toll-gates and 
It will be evident to every per- 
tonnage duties. 
son at all acquainted with the navigation of the 
Mississippi river, that there are obstacles to that 
navigation all the way up from its mouth, even 
as far as the Falls of St. Anthony; and wherever 
there is nn obstacle, an attempt, of course, will be 
made to establish a toll-gate, and to collect large 
. rcvenucs. 
And, sir, the casc is similar upon the lakes. 
am opposed to the adoption there of a system of 
I assure the I port duties and tonnage dues and toll-gates. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
Senator that at half past twelve o 'clock to-morrow 
we shall have to encounter the same difficulties, 
and we shall have to go over all this debate again. 
Mr. CLARK. 1 am desirous to help the sen- I 
ator from Arkansas, and only want to take that 
course which will lead to the least difficulty. I 
shall go for bis measure. 
I am aware of 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
that, and I thank the Senator. I appreciate it very 
much, for I arn far loss fortunate with others—at 
can stand I 
whole people governed; and acting, as I suppose, least with the Senator from Illinois. 
upon that principle, and applying it as far as I 
his opposition very well as long as it is based on 
questions of conscience. fThrough the six years 
can, I am not disposed to seek for restraints in 
the Constitution acrainst a rneasure so obviously of his service here, I think I havc never brought 
conversation the othei• day with the largest ship- 
owner upon the lakes, he told me that the estab- 
lishment of this systcrn was equivalent to the 
passage ofa law in these words: " Resolved, That 
from now henceforth no navigation of these waters 
shall be permitted; that all the cormnerc.e of those 
great lakes shall be done by rail." That was a 
remark madc by the heaviest ship-owner on the 
lakes to-day. It is impossible, in the nature of 
things, that commerce can be hampered by this 
system of tonnage duties. Why, sir, take a 
single case 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit 
me to ask him question ? 
forward a moascu•e connected x,vith the interests Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly. 
wise, and tending to benefit of grcat States. 
I am very glad that there is a measure of this l! of my State, that f have not been so unfortunate Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask him whether 
the Congress of the United States did not only 
and I do it as to come in conflict with some special feeling or 
kind to which I can give my assent; 
now, expressing the reason why I do it as an • I conscientious view of his, and in this instance authorize, in his own State, the construction Ofa 
evidence that I am disposed to do so not only in i that Senator will not even consent to waive the canal around the falls of the St. Mary's 
