1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
time antecedent to that. The • Senator inquircd 
of the Chair if the railroad bill was a special order, 
and was told it was not; that it hud lost its place; 
but i say somehow or other, by some parliament- 
ary proceeding, all very proper, no doubt, it is 
I do not complain of it; 
again the spec#il order. 
but the gentleman is speaking of precedence in 
the order of business. The resolutions were pre- 
cedent to his bill, but they have somehow lost 
it. However, I have said all I desire to say on 
this matter. 
Mr. GWIN. The way the Pacific railroad bill 
got precedence, was by a majority of the Senate 
votino• to ta'ke it up. 
Mr. CRIT'I'ENDEN. Yes, sir. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let us find out now whether 
'here is a majority to take it up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate 
ready for the question on the motion of the Sen- 
ator from Kentucky ? 
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays 
on that question. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, 1 to 
say upon this subject. I am in favor of a Pacific 
railroad, and have always been in favor of a Pa- 
cific raih•oad bill. That is well understood; but 
my opinion is, that it is very much more import- 
ant, at this time, to consider the resolutions of 
the Senator from Kentucky. They relate to the 
welfare of the country. Something myst be done, 
or we shall have no country, and a railroad will be 
It can never be made, I fear, 
of no consequence. 
unless something can be done to stop the spirit. of 
dissolution that is now in the country. 
I should i 
like very much to see the railroad bill considered 
to-day; but i trust it will bc postponed for a day 
or two, until it can bo ascertained whether the 
Senate intend to do anyt.hing on the important 
If they can do 
subject of which I have spoken. 
they ought to do it quickly. That is 
the way I look at it; and, though a Pacific rail- I 
road man, shall vote in .favor of postponing the 
consideration of that subject, and to take up the 
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky. 
'The Secretary proceeded to caki the roil. 
Mr. FOOT (when his name was called) said: I 
desire to say that r have paired off upon all these 
questions for the residue of this week, with the 
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. BRAGG,] who 
has been culled home by sickness in his family. 
I yielded to that request, I may say, the more 
readily from the fact of his having himself but 
recently extended a like courtesy to the absent 
Senatei• from Maine, [Mr. HAMLIN.] 
T be result was then announced—ycas 20, nays 
26; as foli0i.vs: 
YEAS—Messr.s. Benjarnin, Biglcr, Bright, Clingman, 
Crittenden, Fitch, Green 
•rennessce, Kennedy. l,ane, Nicholson, Ponyel!, 
Saulsbury, Sebastian, Slidctl,• and W iglhll—03 
Chand ler, 
NAVS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, 
l)urkeo, Fessenden, 
Doolittle, 
Clark, Collanier, Dixon, 
l_Athatn. M or- 
Harlan. Klnz. 
Foster, Groncs. Gwin, Hale 
rill, Seward, Sili\lnons. Stunner, 'I'en Eyck, 
VVade, VVilkins011, and 
So the motion was not agreed to. 
ßAILROAD TO PACIFIC. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour hav- 
ing arrived for the consideration of the Pacific 
railroad bill, it is now before the Senate. 
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re- 
sumed the' consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 
701) to secure contracts, and make provision for 
the safe, certain, and more speedy transportation, 
by railroad, of mails, troops, rnunitions of war, 
military and naval stores, between the Atlantic 
States and those of the Pacific, and for other pur- 
poses; the pending question being on the amend- 
ment of M r. CHANDLER, to insert the followincr 
names in the bill: 
J. VV. Brooks of' Michigan. Erast.us Corning of New 
York, Azariah Boody of New YQrk, S. M. Felton of Penn- 
sylvauia, Edward L. Baker of Nlassachusetts, John F. 
J. S. Barbour of Virginia, John A. 
of New York, 
Grah:un of Maryland. and James F. Joy of Michigan. 
Michigan, to insert the names of James F. Joy i 
and Eber B. Ward, of IVIichigan.. 
T hc motion was agreed to. 
Mr. WADE. 1 move to amend the bill, in the 
first section, by inserting the of A. Stone, 
jr., of' Ohio; and [ will say that he is one of the 
most experienced and able railroad men in the 
Stato of Ohio. He has great experience in the 
business; he is a man of great wealth, and js re- 
garded as one of the best men we have. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. GWIN. Now hope the bill will be re- 
ported to the Senate. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have a short amendment 
to offer to t.be second section. 
Mr. FITCH. 1 desire to offer one to the first 
section, which is in advance of that; though I do 
not know that it makes any difference in the Sen- 
ate whether wc amend the sectiops in regular 
order or not. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER.) 
Does the Senator from Louisiana give way to the 
Senator from Indiana? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir. 
IVIr. FITCH. 
I wish to add to the names of 
the corporators residing within the State of Indi- 
ana, Dillard Ricketts,James Johnson, and Wil- 
liam L. Brown." 
The amendment was agreed to. 
N'ii'. POLK. I n•ovc to amend by adding, after 
the gentlemen napned in the bill from Missouri, 
xvVilliam M. McPherson and Thomas P. Hud- 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. WADE. only proposed just now one 
name fronl Ohio; but I sce that most gentlemen 
propose two naines from their States; and there- 
fore I propose now to add the name of William 
Case, of Ohio—a most excellent rnan. 
Mr. YVILSON. I sugn•cst to the Senator that 
that name is in the bill already. 
IVIr. WADE. Then I withdraw the motion. 
Mr. FOO'I*. I offer the fbllowing names, to be. 
added to those already in the bill, from the State 
of New York: " Martin V. B. Wilcoxson and 
Nathaniel Niles. " 
The ameridment was agreed to. 
Mr. LANE. I now move to amend by striking 
out from the list of narncs from Oregon the name 
f " B. F. Harding," and inserting- the name of 
J. H. Reed." 
Mr. LATHAM. I think that was done yes- 
terday. 
Mr. LANE. inquire of the Chair, whether 
ing is objectionable tone, 'for ÉOÄsönS: I Ado 
not choose to say anythihg about lhere, and as 
had nothing whatevér to do with presenting these 
names, I think, when I orie man is-objeétion-• 
able, that I should have the privilege of hamino• 
another, who shall be one of the corporators. 
For these reasons; briefly given,' I hope the Sen-- 
ate will not hesitate to strike out .the name of 
Harding, and insert the name of Reed. 
Mr. BAKER. I regret that it is inebmbent on 
me to say two or three words ås to this motion 
to strike out the name of Mr. Harding. 
happened that, when I came here, I found the 
railroad bill upon its passage through the other 
I neither inquired, up to that moment, 
House. 
nor did I know, what gentlemen from Oregon 
had their names inserted in the bill. 
I had reason 
to believe, and I do believe, that the names which 
were in the bill were inserted there by the consent 
I believe them all to be his 
of my colleague. 
I therefore did not think it improper to 
friends. 
suggest the name of one gentleman from the State 
of Oregon; and I apprehend the Senate will think 
it very improper to strike him out; he -having 
been put there at my suggestion, therc be 
I am vcry far from ob-• 
some good reason for it. 
jecting to the names that are already in the bill 
by the wish of my colleague; and if, among. the 
three names that my colleague, or tho Rcpresent- 
ative in the lower House, put in the bill, there are 
any displeasing to hili'l, or if he would desire to 
substitute another narne for any of them, or to 
add an addit.ional name, far be it from to raise 
a controversy in the Senate upon that point. 
the gentleman whom I thonght it not improper to 
suggest myself, Mr. Harding, against whom the 
endeavor is now made, I deem it proper to say, 
is a citizen of the highest standing. 
He was the 
Secretary of the territorial organization appoin ted 
by the present Administration. Hc is now the 
Speaker of the House of Representatives ()t• the 
State of Oregon. He is a man of as much char- 
acter as any there or elsewhere: a man Of indom- 
itable energy, and of the highest qualities among 
the men of our State. 
I do not seek to inquire—I am not quite sure 
that I knox.v—the reasons that prompt my col- 
league to move his rejection from the bill. 
sure they must be other than merc personal ones 
beförc the, Senate will do that gentleman— 
may be allowed the expression, myself—that dis- 
I do not think I have intruded upon the 
respect. 
Senate any personal wish or view of rny own; 
but I corifess that I should feel it as an indignity 
offered to him, my friend, and to Ille, which 
think neither of us deserves; and I hope, there- 
this motion was put yesterday r 
IM r. LATHAM. I know the Senator inade it. 
PRESi1)lNG OFFICER. The Chair 
thir)ks this question has not been put. 
N'lr. LANE. That is rny recollection. 
Mr. CLARK. I desire to ask the Senator, if 
the man xvhose name is already in the bill is not 
a proper rnan to be there? 
Mr. LANE. I will say to the Senator that I 
do not think hc is. 
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to striking 
o'uLany unfit man; but I .was very sorry yester- 
day that we got iiito the debate which took place, 
and that anv names were stricken out, because it 
seemed to be an imputation on the gentlemen 
would rather 
whose names were stricken out. 
add halfa dozen than strike out any, if that will 
satisfy the Senator. 
Mr. LANE. wili say to the Senator, that I 
was not consulted about the nuncs that should'be 
I can see 
included as the corporators in Oregon. 
no advantage that the name of Harding can be to 
this bill, or to the road. He has had, I believe, 
no experience in railroad making. He has no 
reputation that would give any strength to the 
bilk. Besides that, 1 will remark, that the three 
gentlmnen now mentioned in the biil are taken 
fore, the Senate will not agree to the amendmcn*. 
to strike out his name. 
I deem it proper to remark, thut whether the 
other three remaining in the bill are gentleman 
that I would have selectcd is not now the ques- 
I find them there. They are th.we by the 
tion . 
selection •of the gentternfn•who represénted thé 
State before I camc herd. Far be it from me to 
inquire into their personal or political relations 
to me or t.o my friends, or to endeavor to remove 
them; and if my colleague chooses to add the 
name of Mr. Reed, although I confess it would 
not be my choice, I shall not interfere in any wise 
with that. 
Mr. LANE. It is not my wish, Mc. President, 
to consurne the time of the Senate over a rnattcr 
so small as this; but I differ very much from my 
collcaguc in rciation to the character of this man. 
I do not kook upon him as standii)g fair in Oregon 
at all; and outside of the county where he lives, 
he has no reputation that would assist this work . 
shall not take the trouble to read, from many 
newspapers that I have in my drawer, comments 
I would not give ad- 
on this man, Mr. Harding; 
ditional publicity to them, but I will say that he 
is objectionable to me. r I'he Senator can narne 
from the northern portion of the State. As the no man in Oregon, of any political party, in p.ace 
bill now stands, it provides for extending the road of this man, that I would not cheerfully accede 
to. He says this man was appointed to the sec- 
from the Sacramento valley to Portland, in Ore- 
retaryship of the Territory by the present Ad- 
li gon. With the name that I propose to insert in 
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 desire to withdraw that place of Mr. Harding, we shall have two 
amendment, and offer another in its place. I wish rators living at the terminus of that road, and we by the last Administration, and, I believe, reap- 
pointed by the present Administration, at my in- 
shall have one at Jacksonviilc, in the southern 
to substitute, instead of those, the names of James 
I ask i, efid of the State. That will give strength to thc stange. He was then reco€rnizcd as a Democrat; 
F. Joy and B. Ward, of Michigan. 
that the names of those gentlemen be inserted in bill; that will give the road an advantage that it but his conduct recently as a politician -has been 
would not have otherwise, in the getting o' sub- I such as to bring down upon him the odium of all 
good Inen in the State; and if the gentleman v•ant-s 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'The question scribers and having the stock taken; and will, 
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from II think, greatly prcnnote the work. As Mr. I lard- i! to hear the reasons as set forth, as I do not wish 
