THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. O. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
from Wisconsin how many names that will make 
for Wisconsin ? 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Five. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 propose the names of 
William H. Dike, Charles'D. Gillfillan, and Clark 
W. Thompson, of Minnesota. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. RICE. I wish to make a remark in regard 
to the amendment of my colleague. The gentle- 
men proposed by him are all Republicans, but 
they are very good men; and therefore my col- 
league and myself agree upon the selection of those 
names. 
Mr. CAMERON. I think we haveabout names 
enough; and yet I am going to offer one more. I 
propose to add the name of General J. K. Jack- 
man, of Pennsylvania, a most excellent man. As 
the Senator from Minnesota has said his list was 
all made up of Republicans, I will say that this 
gentleman happens to be a Democrat. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. GREEN. At the end list of 
I move to add these words, "and the rest of man- 
kind." (Laughter.] 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the sen- 
ator request the Chair to put the question on that 
motion? Oh, no." ] 
Mr. DOUGLAS. If there are no more names 
to be added, I have a substantial amendment to 
propose. 
Mr. SAULSBüRY. Will the Senator excuse 
me a moment? I believe my State is not repre- 
sented; and L therefore move to add the names of 
Charles l. Dupont, William Sharp, and James 
Povner, of Delaware. 
'The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. In line twelve, of section thir- 
teen, I move to strike out the words is hereby, 
ahd insert shall be." The point of the amend- 
ment will be understood when I state that the bi 
now reads: 
There is hereby granted, on the terms and condit ns 
hereinafter mentioned, to the Southern Pacific Railroad 
Cosnpany, chartered by the State of 'l'exas, of which coni- 
pany Vernon K. Stevenson is president, and to the assignees 
of said company, every alternate section of land, to thc 
amount of ten alternate sections per rniKe, on cach side of 
such railroad line as said cotnpany may adopt, from the 
western border of Texas, on the Inost. eliaibEe route, to the 
eastern border of California," 
The language there is that the land " is hereby 
granted. " 
I apprehend that that would vest the 
title to all the land from the passage of the act, 
although the road might never be made. 
I am 
sure such is not the intention of the framers of 
the bill; but I am apprehensive that such would 
be its legal effect. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Has thegentlemanlooked 
to see that there is no qualifying clanse ? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Ihave been through 
the bill, and I cannot find any provision chan•ina 
that legal construction of it. At any rate, there 
can be no objection, I think, to making the bill 
clear and specific on this point. 
I am not willing 
that the land shall be granted on either road any 
faster than the road shall be completed in sections 
of fifty miles. When the contractors shall have 
completed fifty miles on cither road through the 
public lands, I am willing that lands shall be, 
granted for the section so completed, and not be- 
yond that until they make another section of fifty 
miles. 
I am not willine, for instance, to provide 
fora road that is six or eight hundred miles long 
before it reaches any public lands, and make the 
grant applicable to that part of the. road where 
there are no public lands, thus consuming the land 
grant before it. reaches the public domain at all, 
is hereby granted," and insert, shall be grant- 
ed," and then to add at the end the bill a pro- 
viso- to this effect: 
Provided, That the lands appropriated in this act to aid 
the construction of said roads, respectively, shall be held 
in trust by the U ttitcd States, and not conveyal, or the title 
SATURDAY, JANUARY 26, 1861. 
domain ; and then such lands only shall be conveyed as are 
situated on either side of the fifty miles so completed, and 
on the completion of each fifty Iniles the lands on either 
Sidc of that part of the road so eompletcd shall be conveyed, 
as aforesaid. 
If it is the intention of the framers of this bill 
that the lands shall not be vested until so much 
of the road is finished as is situated through the 
public lands, then this amendment is necessary 
and proper. If the inteution of the bill is to vest 
the title to the land from the passage of the act, 
whether the road is ever made or not, I cannot 
support it. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Permit me to suggest to 
t.he gentleman that perhaps the better word to use 
there, in speaking of the land, would be "seques- 
tered." 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Instead of" appropriated?" 
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir. 
i merely make 
the suggestion. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. While the honorable sen 
ator from Illinois is preparing his amendment, 
with his permission, I desire to add a name to the 
list. The only gentleman that I know in my State 
who is an ardent advocate of this road, and who 
takes great interest in internal improvements, is 
a gentleman who is member of our present Le- 
gisiature. 
I ask that his name be inserted. Pos- 
sibly somethil)g or other may some dav corne out 
of it-. 
I move to insert the uame of William H. 
Thomas, of North Carolina. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Now 1 move to strike out 
the words is hereby granted," as to both roads, 
and insert shall be granted;" and then I will add 
the proviso. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Now, 1 move to add,at the 
end of the bill, this proviso: 
Provided, That the lands sequestered in this act to aid 
in the construction of' said roads, respectivöly, shall be held 
in trust by the United States, and not conveyed, or the rifle 
vested in either ol's•aid companies, until said roads, respect- 
ivcly shali have been completed from thcir starting points 
to w lore. the public lands are situated, nor until at least 
fifty miles shall have been completed through the public 
domain ; and then such lands only shall be eonveycd as are 
situated on either side of the fitty miles so cornplctcd ; and 
on the cmnpJcti01i Oi' each fifty Iniies, the lands on either 
side of that part ot the road so completed shall be conveyed, 
a.s aforesaid. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. I propose to amend the fourth 
section of the bill, in the forty-seventh line, by 
Inserting, after United States," the words: 
And no Inortgagc or construction bonds shali ever be 
issued by said company on said road, or nyortgage or lien 
made in any way, except to the United States. 
So as to malco the clause read: 
And as the work proceeds, after the completion of fifty 
consecutive •mile sections, and they are approved as atOre- 
said, bonds shall be issued Cor each milc so coynpleted ac 
cording to the above rates; and the issue of said bonds, 
and the receipt thereof by the corporation or corporations 
aforesaid shall operate as a first mortgage lien to the Uni- 
ted States on the. road-bed, road, rolling-stock, iron, and all 
the buildings and appurtenances belonging to said road, and 
all the purchases made ot' materials or outfits, to secure to 
the Unjtcd States the reimbursernent or the sums so ad- 
vaneed, and interest thereon, by the. United States; and no 
mortgage or construction bonds shall ever bc issued by said 
company on said road, or niortgarre or lien madc in any 
way except to the United States. 
I hope the Senate will adopt this amendment. 
I think it will contribute to the building of the 
road. We propose in this bill to grant money 
and lands. We hold out inducements to capital- 
ists to go on and construct this road. Now, sir, 
NEW SERIES...„NO. 35. 
This amendment 'is against that. We :lenåthe 
credit of this Government to a large amount td 
this company; wc give them labdsg and-we want 
the persons that go into this road to pay iheii 
money into it, and not to incur debts and getup 
stock speculations and issue bonds, then full; and 
throw the whole thing back on the Government. 
I believe that, if this amendment be adopted, all 
the persons who take hold of this road, will un- 
derstand that they must put their money in it; and 
they will go in it with caution, with care; know- 
ing what they are about; and it will: keep mere 
speculators, mere jobbers, that class of men who 
havc ruined so many railroads in the Ünited States, 
and destroyed the property of so many men,' ou;t 
of this concern, and bring into it men of experi- 
ence, of capital, and of character. I hope Ehe 
amendment will be adopted; for I believe that if it 
be adopted, it will be a safeguard, and contribute 
towards the building of the road; and if it be not 
adopted, and we are to have first andA second and 
third and fourth and, perhaps, fifth-class mort* 
gage bonds issued on this railroad, the jobbers and 
speculat.ors will get into it, the' road will never be 
finished ; but break down,and be thrown upon 
Government of the country. 
Mr. HALE. I entirely agree with the object 
that the Senatorfrom Massachusetts aims at; but 
I confess the amendment is new to me, and I very 
much doubt the wisdom of means that he pro- 
poses to effect the object. The United States are 
to be the first mortgagees of this road, and they 
will have all the security which that first -mort- 
gage gives them. I think the interests of this cor- 
poi•atlon had better be left in the hands of those 
who manage it. They will be more interested in 
it than anybody else. This country has been 
educated, and has a great deal of experience in 
this matter of building railroads, and the people 
have learned by the errors of the past, and I thmk 
this had better be left with them. Besides, as a 
question between the, United States and all the 
rest of the World, this would be bad policy, be- 
cause the United Stata, being the holders of the 
first mortgage, every subsequent expenditure of 
money upon the road is for their benefit as the 
first mortgarrco,and tends to increase the security 
of the States, and to render more valuable 
thatupon which they have a lien. For that reason, 
speaking in behalf of the Government of the Uni- 
ted States, and for the security which they hold, 
I should be opposed to such a proposition as this. 
Besides, if, after the corpörators have gone on 
and demonstrated to the capitalists of the world 
that, by the aid of the Government of the United 
States, they are enabled to build this railroad, 
which, of course, will be subject to the first lien 
of the United States, if capitaliSts will put confi- 
dence in the direction of the road, and advance 
money to enable them to build it, it being subject 
to the lien which the United States already have, 
where is the objection to it? I confess that I can- 
not see it. Now, while I entirely sympathize 
with the object which the. honorable Senator from 
Massachusetts has in view, and which he desires 
to effectuate by his amendment, I confess that, 
to my mind, his amendment does not strike me 
as being likely to produce the particular effect 
which he desires, but the contrary one. 
Mr. WILSON. 1 am very glad the Senator 
from New Hampshife agrees in the object I have 
in view; but I regret very much that fie dissents 
from the position I have taken. NOW, sir, let me 
I am exceedingly desirous that the road shall be say that if this amendment be adopted, the men 
built; and I am desirous that the persons I who put their money into the road will have some 
underta'ke to construct it shall invest their means j security that their right} are not to be sacrificed 
in it, and that it shall not be a stock-jobbing con- i by the managers of the road by giving mortgages 
I have no doubt that the railroads of the and going into stocktiobbing operations, which 
United States have cost hundreds of millions of have ruined so many roads and brought such de- 
dollars more than they would have cost if the moralization upon the country. The proposition 
proper system had been adopted, to commence 
with, in their construction; but the plan has been 
too often to go into these roads, issue mortgage 
bonds, then second-class, and then • third-class 
vested in either of said emnp;xnies, until said roads, respect.. bonds, money at extravacyant rates, 
ively, shall have been cotnplcted t'rcnn their starting points 
ruinin. 
roads, and ruining the persons who 
to the public 
until 
at least 
tiny miles shall have he•an constructed through the public originally subscril,yea the stock. 
35 
of this amendment is the résult of the experience 
of the last fifteen years. The men who have been 
I engaged in constructing railroads, and understand 
this whole subject, have advocated this policy; 
. • and it has substantial} v been adopted in my State 
by checks and guards against the old course that 
has ruined and robbed so many Of the families Of 
