1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
547, 
No objection being made, the resolutions were 
introduced, and laid on the tablb. 
Mr. CURTIS. I desire to know why it is ne- 
cessary to present all these petitions in the House. 
The rules provide a mode by which they may be 
presented without taking up the time of t.he House. 
They are noticed in the Globe, and every object 
is accomplished that can be accomplished by pre- 
sent.ing rilarn in open House. 
The SPEAKER. The petitions must be pre- 
sented under the rule, if any one objects. 
Mr. CURTIS. well, sir, 1 shall in future 0b- 
ject. I see no reason why the time of the House 
shall be taken up with it. 
OREGON WAR DEBT. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. 
I ask the 
consent of the House to offer the followincr reso- 
lution: 
Resolved, That the Cormnittee on Military Affairs have 
leave to bring in their report on Senate bill No. i I, tnakin«r 
an appropriaüßll tar the paytnent the war expenses in- 
curred by the people of c-he 'l'et•ritaries of Oregou and Wash- 
ington, in tite suppression of Indian hostilities in years 
185.5 and 1856 ; and that it may be madc the speeial order . 
for Thursday, February 7. 
Mr. KILLINGER. 1 object. 
J. L. GARDNER. 
Mr. ELY, by unanimous consent, reported back 
from the Cornmittee of Claims, a bill for the re- 
[icf of Colonel J. L. Gardner; which was referred 
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered i 
to be printed- 
ENROLLED BILL. 
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex- 
amined and found trniy enrolled bill grantin 
a pension to Eliza Reeves; when the Spea r 
signed the same. 
POST ROUTE DILL. 
The SPEAKER stated the business regularly 
in order to be the consideration of the bill (H. R. 
No. 714) to establish certain post routes, with the 
amendments of the Senate thereto; the pending 
amendment being the consideration of the seven- 
teenth amendment of the Senate, as follows: 
SEC. 18. and U further enacted, That the act or 3d 
March, 18.55, entitled An act further to atnend the act en- 
titled An act to reduce aud rnodify the rates of postage in 
the United States, and för other purposes,' passed March 
3, 1851, be, and {he same, is hereby, so modified as to re- 
quire the ten cent rate postage to be prepaid on letters 
conveyed in the inail froju any point in the United States 
east of the Rocky Mountains to any St.ate or Territory on 
the Pacific, and fro•n any State or 'I'erritory on the Paeitie 
to any point in the United States east of the Rocky N'lount- 
ains. And all drop letters shali be prepaid by postage 
stamps. 
Mr. COLFAX. This amendment simply pro- 
vides that the California letters, or letters for the 
Pacific coast, whether carried by the Isthmus 
route or whether earricd overland, shall pay a 
uniform rate of tcn cents postage. Upon this sub- 
ject the Postmaster General says: 
Under the act of 1&35, the dtnnestic rate of postage för 
letters is three cents under three thousand miles. and ten 
cents when the distance exceeds thousand 'nites. 'I'lje 
intention of this iiinitation was to secure tllC higher rate 
upon all letters transmitted to and frmn the Pacific States. 
But since the establislnnent of' the overland mail, the dis- 
tance from thc valley of the Mississippi to California heino 
less than three thousand miles, Inucb of this correspond- 
ence. pays only the lower rate of three cents; and ill order 
to maintain tbe original purpose of the law, it is recotn- 
mended that said act be so modified as to require the ten 
cent rate to be prepaid an all letters conveyed in the mail 
from any point ill rhe Uuitcd States east of the Rocky 
Mountains to any State or 'Territory on the Pacific, and 
vice versa. view of the expensive character ofthe mail 
From 
service to the Pacitie, this rate is sufficiently low. 
1848 to 1851, it was totty cents the single letter." 
As I said yesterday, this amendment meets the 
concurrence of the Post Office Department. 
The amendment was concurred in. 
Eighteenth amcndment: 
SEC. 19. yand he it further enacted. That the Postmaster 
General be, and hc is hcreby, authorized and directed to 
proposals for the daily transport.ation of the 
advertise for 
entire rnaii, overland, between St. Louis, Missouri, and 
San Francisco, CalilOrnia, over the central route, in twenty , 
days' time, the bids to be received unti\ the Isr. day of Dez 
ceniber next ensuing, and the service to conunencc the. 
1st day of July, 1861, and.the Posunagter General is hereby i 
directed to award the contract. to the lowest responsible 
bidder. 
Mr. COLFAX. I now move to amend that II 
amendment of the Senate, by striking it Out, and II 
inserting, as a substitute, the following: 
Ollid, be it further enacted, 'I'hat the Postrnastcr 
SEC. 
proposals for thé daily transportation of the entire mail, 
overland, between St. Joseph, Missouri, or some other 
point on the Missouri river, connected by railroad with the 
East, which may be selected by the contractor, and Placer- 
Ville, Caiiiörnia, over the centrai route, the bids to be rc- 
ceived till the first Monday of April, 1861, and the service 
to conunencc July l, 1861, or as soon *hereafter as possible, 
and to ter•ninate. Jilly l, 1865. And the Postmaster Gen- 
oral is hereby dirccted to award the contract to the lowest 
responsible bidder, rurnishingample guarantees of his abil- 
ity and disposition to pertörm his contract: Provided, That 
the mnount. of his bid shall not exceed $800,000 per year : 
Provided, 'l'hat the contractor shali supply Denver City and 
Great Salt Lake City at least senii-weekly without extra 
charge: Jlnd provided further, That the letter and news- 
paper mail shall be cairied through in twenty days, and the 
paznphlet, Inagazine, periodical, and public document mail 
in thirty-fivc days. But the Postmaster General may au- 
thorize the carrying ofsaid pamphlet, Inagazine, periodical, 
and public document portion of the mail by steamship route, 
at least setni-rnouthly, to San Francisco, if desired by the 
contractor, and if said service is perförmed at the contract- 
or's expense : *And provided further, "That the contractor 
shall not be required, in addition to the letter mail, to carry 
Inore of the ncw*paper mail by the twenty-day schedule 
than will make the average weight of the whole anail one 
thousand poånds per day ; and the remainder, if any, of 
the newspaper. shall be carried on the thirty-five day 
schedule above provided for. 
Mr. COLFAX. This is to provide for a daily 
central overland mail. 
Mr. W" ASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I wish to 
know whether it is now in order to move an 
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman 
from Ind iana. 
The SPEAKER. An amendment to the amend- 
ment would be in order, in the opinion of the 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 1 am entitled to the 
floor; and I (10 not yield it at this time. 
I do not de- 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
sire to take the floor from the gentleman from ln- 
diana. I merely inquired as questi01'i of order 
whether an amendment could be received. 
Mr. COLFAX. I do not propose to take up 
the time of' the House with any extended remarks. 
This amendment brings before the House again 
the question of a daily overland mail, upon which, 
I presume, every member has made up his mind, 
and is ready to vote. 
For many years the people who live on the 
Pacific coast have been waiting and have been 
hoping for a daily communication by mail with 
the States on the Atlantic coast. It is well known 
that our mails to the Pacific are now carried through 
the territory of a {Oreign Government, exposed to 
the dangers of two oceans—the Atlantic on this 
side and the Pacificon the other—and to the dan- 
cers of the transit through Central America, where 
the Government has no power to protect the mails 
if they should be attacked. I know it is to be met, 
and I regret that it is to be met by my friend on 
my right, [Mr. SHERMAN,] by an objection as to 
its expense. But I will say, in ant&ipation of his 
argrt.unent., that the Post Office Cormnitt.ee have 
endeavored to make the establishment of a daily 
overland mail on as cheapa basis as possible. The I 
propositions which were before the House and 
before the Senate, at the last session, for estab- 
lishing a daily overland mail, 'contemplated an 
expenditure of something like two million dollars 
per annum; while, in this amendment, it is lim- 
Ited to $800,000. By the Senate proposition, the 
overland mail is to run from St. Louis to San Fran- 
Cisco; and is not limited as to its maximum cost. 
The Committee , on the Post OMce and Post 
Roads, desiring to compromise, have cut off on 
this side the portion between St. Louis and the 
Missouri frontier, as we have railroads completed 
to the western frontier of that State, while others 
are in procress of construction; and on the Pacific 
side we have daily mail service as far cast as Pla- 
cerville, just on the other side of Sierra Nevada, 
and a railroad from Sacramento completed nearly 
up to that town, and therefore we have cut off 
that portion for the purpose of limiting and saving 
expense, thereby saving at least $200,000 addi- 
tional cost pcr year. We also provide in this that 
Salt Lake City, in Utah, and Denver City, the 
headquarters of the emigration to the Pike's Peak 
recrion, shall be supplied with a semi-weekly mail 
by thesc contractors without extra expense. 
It may be stated, and, indeed, has been urged, 
that it is impossible, on account of their weight, 
to carry the. mails overland to California. Now, 
sir, the mails have been weighed, not only during 
the last session of Congress, but during the pres- 
ent session, by the postmaster at New York city. 
I can state to the House exactly what is the 
weight of California mails, carried by the way of 
the Isthmils.- It amounts. to-I-about-fifty thousand 
pounds per month, or six 
pounds per year, divided into. about-t'iö ithdu-l 
sand pounds of letters, thirty thousand:poündsof 
papers, fifteen thousand pounds ofnagazinesand 
other periodicals and- books, as as 
documents, and three thousand 
such as stamps, poet offce blanks, envelopes, ec; 
The amendment requires that the contract02is-shall 
carry through ohe thousand pounds everyday on 
the fast schedule of twenty days' -service. r his 
will take through the entire letter and newspaper 
mail, or very nearly the entire newspaper mail; 
and I •am free to say that I will vote for no daily 
overland mail to the Pacific that will not provide 
for carrying the newspaper rndil,• to the extent of 
one thousand pounds per day, on the fast schede 
ule. time of twenty days. It the mail that takes 
to. the new homes of the emigrants full news from 
the firesides wherrce they came. 
As Qagazines, periodicals, and public docu- 
mcnts do not contain the news of the day like-the 
daily papers, they are not required to be trans- 
mitted with the same rapidity; it provided-that 
the contractors may take them through in the 
slower schedule time of thirty-five days. It fur- 
ther providcs that they shall be allowed the priv- 
ilege at their own expense of carrying that mail 
of magazines, periodicals, and public documents 
by water, at leasesemi.monthly from New York 
city to San Francisco. 
The total cost of this overland service under 
this amendment will be $800,000. We say nothing 
about the Butterfield contract, running around by 
the way of El Paso. That is a con'yressiooal con- 
It is a wasteful and ex- 
tract, hmited to letters. 
travagant contract, which the 'Attorney General 
has decided we cannot impair during _the term for 
which it was made. Nor, sir, can we compel 
them to carry the newspaper mail,or any portion 
of it. They•have the contract, and they have the 
power to hold us to its provisions while it remains 
unexpired. 
Mr. Speaker, in anticipation of the ar9itnent in 
opposition to the establishment of a daily over- 
land mail as a matter of expense, I wish to say to 
those who design opposing the proposition on that 
ground, that they '*Vill find tbe increased amount 
of expense is comparatively a mere bagatelle. The 
cheapest cost of the postal service by steamer and 
through a foreign country, and which is only tri- 
monthly instead of daily, is $350,000 per year. 
The cost of tho semi-monthly mail from San Fran- 
cisco to Placerville, and across the central route, 
which has been increased by order of the Depart- 
ment, for mails to Fort Kearny on this side, and 
to Washoe and Carson Valley on the other, is 
#208,000 per year; and as the weekly service to the 
Pike 's Peak region, now costing per year, 
must be eventually still further increased to semi- 
weekly, making nearly-forty thousand dollars per 
year, then you have $600,000 paid out (exclu- 
Sive of Butterfield) per year, for the service we 
have now to California and Pike?s Peak; when 
wp have only a tri-monthly service around by the 
Isthmus, exposed to all the dangers of going 
through a foreign country, exposed' to dangers 
of war, in comparison with $800,000 for a daily 
service each way across the center of the conti- 
nent, thirty times a month instead of three, and 
five days quicker. 
There is still another reason. We are receiv- 
ing $50,000,000 year in specie from California. 
It comes now by the way of the isthmus. 1 need 
not say, if we should bb involved in war with a 
forcicrn country, that that specie and the mails 
could not be safely carried by the way of the 
Isth The Government of the United States 
would be compelled to do what the Government 
of Great Britam does now in Australia, where it 
furnishes a military escort for the gold which 
comes down from the mountains some five or six 
hundred miles to Melbourne, on the coast, for 
shipment. We would need to have this gold of 
the country. The country could not do without 
It has already saved us from one ruinous 
it. 
revulsion, and mitigated the evils of another. We 
would have to protect its transit across the cen- 
ter of the continent, if we were in war with a for- 
eign nation, by a military escort. If we establish 
a daily overland mail to California, it will follow 
that the contractors will build stations all the way 
through for their stock, and for the •drivers and 
others in their employ, as well as for the protec- 
