1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
I pectations, were spent in ceaseless and successful 
ident Lincoln upon this subject justify a dissolu- 
efforts to unite the slaveholding interest as a single 
tion of the Union? 
combatant in the political arena. Is was neces- 
But we are told that the number of the free 
States is increasing more rapidly than that of the sary, first of ail, to defy the sentiment of the 
civilized world, and to overturn ali the convic- 
slave States; that, in process of time, the former 
wilLcompose three fourths of all thc metnbet•s of tions of thc people of the South, 
in order to 
the Union, and will then so amend the Constitu- 
tion as to secure the abolition of slavery. What 
if liberty is oulstripping slavery in the march of 
cmpirc? Wii! you feltm• the indomitable ener- 
gieg of freedom, till it shall limp and halt along 
at the slow pace of bondage? How can the•fre.c 
States acquire the apprehended preponderance? 
When all our territory is organized into States; 
when Kansas, Nebraska, Dacotah, Washington , 
Pike's Peak, New Mexico, Arizona, Utah, and 
the Indian reservation, shall be members of the 
Union, with constitutions such as Jefferson l.vould 
approve, there will be but twenty-scvcn States 
acrainsb your fifteen, and you are already author- 
ized to add to yournumberfourmorefrom Texas. 
Unless you extend our dominions foreign ac- 
quisition, it is impossible, witli the States that 
will be formed out of our present territory, to ac- 
quire the three fourths requisite to amend the Con- 
stitutionin this respect. This apprehension ceases, 
then, to be a cause för rebellion. 
We arc told, howcver, t.hat the free States will 
nöt hesitate, when they are strousr enough, to vio• 
late the Coustitution. Such an ar«ument is a 
simple insult; it is tho bald pretense OF traitor 
seeking a cover for his treason. If it provos any- 
thing, it demonstrates that no concession that can 
be niade will reach the root of the difficulty. 
It is urged, finally, that the pcoplc of the north- 
ern States have cnacte(l laws, which ave termed 
personal liberty bills, and which interfere with 
the effective operation of the s:atute for the ren- 
dition of fugitives from service. 1 inquire into t hc 
fact, and I discover that in order to prevent abuse 
of process under the rendition act, which is so 
constructed as to be. peculiarly liable to such abuse 
the Leqislatures of some of t.he nort,bern Stales 
have tlfi•own guards around the freedom of their 
people; but, with only two or three possible ex- 
ceptions, without in any wise contravening tbc 
Constitution or the laws ofthe United States. My 
own State is arraigned. look at her statute, and 
find an act, l,vhose purpose seems to be to prevent 
abuse of process and Lhe reduction of freemen to 
bondage, and which, in no dcgrcc, impairs thc 
rights of claimants under the rendition law. I ask 
if any case has occurred, in any State, where a 
claimant has lost the services of a fugitive through 
the intervention of process under a personal lib- 
erty bill; and I learn that not a single instance of 
the kind lias happened. 
But, it is added that northern ministers preach, 
establish among them the dogma that slavery, in 
Itself, is right, a moral, social, and political good. 
He made tho effort, and the result has been ac- 
complished, while the nations have stood aghast 
as they listened to this new gospel of bondage 
proclaimed from the very temples of liberty. 
Fearful sacrifices have been made in the course 
It was a philo- 
of this revolution of opinion. 
sopl)ical necessity that its success should over- 
throw the liberties cf those who participated in 
it; and, in accordance with that necessity, freedom* 
of speech, freedom of thc press, and freedom of 
clections, the very elcments of civil liberty, were, 
onc after tbc other, given up. It was desirable, in 
the second place, to Imbue thc southern mind with 
theories of government bv which treason might 
be made honorable and éebe]lion cease to be a 
crime. The mischievous heresy of secession was 
revived, and, after many years of denial and dis- 
pute, adopted as a fundamental axiom in south- 
crn politics. 
To cornbine the elements of political powcr in 
the slavehoidiny• States was a more difficult task. 
The genius, pa!riot-ism, und popularity of M". 
Clay, were the chief obstacles to be overcome. 
They were overcome in the presidential election 
of 1844; nd the first act in the drama of disunion 
was acc.0kü phished by the at') i)exalion of Ti'exas, 
under the immediate auspices of Mr. Calhoun. 
Additional strength was gained by the slavehold- 
interest in t-tme Generat Govcrnment, and a 
vast territory acquired for the expected southern 
confederacy. T hc war with Mexico for the ex- 
tension of that territory to the Rio Grande, and 
for still farther acquisitions to the westward, was 
It accomplished both purposes; 
the second act. 
but tbc cxpectcd advantage to the slaveholding 
interest in the re«rions beyond the Rio Grande was 
frustrated by the genius of Clay and the firmness 
of 'l'aylou•. Enough, however, had been accom- 
plished to hasten the purposes of the disunionists. 
the political par- 
They were to be found nn both 
ties of that day. The time had arrived for con- 
ccntruting their encroies. They chose the Dem- 
oct•atic party as then• instrument; and between 
1850 arid 1852 the forces of disunion were gathered 
In the latter year, thc 
into that oturanization. 
total destruction of the Whig party ••.vas accom- 
It was necessary, further, to break up 
plishcd. 
the unity of tbc Democracy. There was one 
statute which was, than any other, dear 
to the country. The Missouri compromise was 
northern editors write, and northern orators speak , second only to the Constitution in the affections 
A proposition for its repeal was 
against slavery to tue,pe.ople of the North; and of the people. 
that thus the, norLhern mind i-)as become so de- I suggested. The disuuinnists eagerly seized upon 
the project, and the outrage was consurnmated. 
moralized as to prefer freedom to bondage. Let, 
then, southern ministers, editors, and orators, Thousands of Democrats rn the free States Ipft 
come and answer those of the North; no mob their party ranks forever. A scemtng indorse- 
shall tar and feather, hang, or shoot them; it' their mcnt of the legislation of 1854 was octaincd by 
the union of the combined South with u few of 
efforts shall prove fruitless, the evils of free spcech 
the border northern States, in the election of Mr. 
and a free press are beyond remedy. 
I have now considered the avowed reasons for Buchanan. But it had become cvidcnt that the 
, young and vigorous party which had sprung into 
this rebellion; and, on a fair examination of them 
existence upon the repeal of the Missouri com- 
I•am constrained to say that they are utterly friv- 
olous, and such as, in themselves, could never promise—a party which combined all the best ele- 
have moved the people of any Stato to sedition mcnts of the old political organizations of' the 
North, and would have speedily taken power- 
and revolt. The causes lie deeper; and I now 
proceed to unfold them. 
Disunion, in its present shape, is of thirty years 
growth, although, until the 61.1') of November last, 
it may be traced to the 
it expanded in the dark. 
workings of a single mind, disappointed of a 
cherished ambition—when John C. Calhoun lost 
the hope of being the successor of Andrew Jack- 
son. Though destitute of the highcst qualities of 
statesmansiiip, Mr. Calhoun had, nevertheless, 
the sa&acity to perceive the yet unconscious 
strength of what has since been called the slave 
how existing compactly in one section of the 
country, and embracing a pecuniary intercst so 
vast that the mind is unable to grasp it, if its 
political capacities could be brought to act as u 
in the other section, it would be potent to rule, 
and how, if severed from all parties, it might be 
after the diaappointment of his ambitious ox- 
ful position at the South but for the despotism 
which had destroyed all freedom of elections there 
—would be likely to succeed in 1860. A made-up 
case was smuggled into the Supreme Court, which 
proceeded to expound the Constitution in a man• 
ner that compelled cvcry patriotic it.u•ist in thc 
land to blush for very shame. Slavery was made 
national by judicial construction; and that con- 
struction was cnforced in the Federal territory at 
the p001t of thc bayonet. The. disunionists, mean- 
They had pre- 
while, had been busily at work. 
clerks; custom'house offcialg;, 
eled in theft, Evenc the Spartan 
-law were not applied ; fopthe crimtnuls,were never 
punished upon detection, but danced • gaily.yåff 
with their spoil, to plot rebellion act!inét the Gov- 
ernment which they -had first4. robbed and then 
betrayed. Disunion was. preparing fori its eon- 
summation. The infamy. of the Dred : Scott 
decision had destroyed the confidence of na- 
tion in the Supreme Court, The infamy of the, 
Lecompton bill, 'and the boundless corruption 
',vhich was everywher.e revealing itself, 
stroyed the confidence ot•the nation in the execu tive 
administration. The Republican party had, from 
thc beginning, been mobbed and shot and stran- 
gled out of the southern States. The same. fate 
must be got ready for the Union portion of •the 
Democratic party. The great political convene 
Lions, to make nominations for the Presidency, 
were coming on. That of -the Democratic party 
Was tosbe held in Charleston, the very :hotbed of 
treason. The leaders of disunion contFiVcd -to be 
appointed delegatesto it. They demanded the adop- 
tion of principles which no northern Democrat 
could sanction without betraying his eonstitu- 
ency, dcfiling his own conscience,.and dishonor- 
ing himself. As was expected and desired; the 
con vcntion was broken 1 n to- fragments. The 
Democrats who stood by the Union were driven 
to nominate n candidate from the northern section 
of the Republic, while the disunionists formed 
themselves into a compact party, prepared -to 
sweep the Southern Stutes. Then followed: a 
political canvass such as the country had never 
before witnessed. The action of the disunionists 
in the convention had insured the success of the 
Republican party. T bey had now four months 
before them, in which, under the pretense Of 
opposing that result, they might inflame the pop- 
ular mind up to the pitch of treason;and dismem- 
berment of thc Union. No man in all the South, 
with here and there an exception along -the north- 
ern borders, could open his lips in explanation 
of Republican principles. No man could defend 
them there without thé- certainty ofa violent death. 
The disunionists thus bad the field to themselves, 
so far as the accomplishment of their immediate 
purposes was The whole South was 
Inundated with one foul, reeking deluge of false- 
hood. The objects, the principles, the very per- 
sons of Republicans wcre libeled, day by day, 
for four long months. Men who had sat in Con- 
gress with the Republican candidate for Vice 
President as fellow-Democrats, and who there- 
fore knew the falsity of what they said, inflamed 
the worst passions of the southern mob by the 
assertion that Mr. Harniin was a mulatto. The 
poison of asps was under their lips; their tongues 
would sct on fire the course of nature, and were 
themselves set on fire of hell." The loyal men of 
the South who perceived the tendency of cyents 
stood aghast at what was occurring around them. 
They could not deny these aspersions without be- 
ing denounced as the apologists of abolition.' The 
iTuorant populace wondered, believed, were in- 
flamed, and thus made fit for the designs of the 
conspirators. The clection took place, and re- 
sulted as everybody knew it must do. Forthwith 
" the revolution was precipitated " While the 
minds of men were thus heated by passion engen- 
dcred by misrepresentation, the Issue was forbed 
upon them ill the seceding States, willi no time 
that demonstrates both .the insincerity and the 
incapacity of the mana«yers. 
What, now, are the objects of those •who have 
led this movement to its present condition? I an- 
swer: in part, the complete overthrow of demo- 
cratic institutions, and the establishment of an 
aristocratic, or even monarchical government. 
The disciplcs of the Calhoun school have learned 
to distrust the people, to hate universal suffrage, 
and to believe in aristocracy. Amor)g the leaders 
of disunion may be found the victims of disap- 
pointed ambition, who, in the reconstruCtion of 
pared a scheme of sedition and revolt, to be car- 
ried into effectin theevcntof the election of Colonel society, seek opportunities of personal advance- 
Frémont. That event having failed to occur, they rnent; the bold and reckless, who look forward to 
now took complete possession of Prcsident Buch- 
anan. -A wild saturnalia followed, unsurpassed sec the avenues to wealth opening to -them; wild 
since the worst days of the worst emperors of 
Rome. Treason lurked in every department of aiized; and martial spirits, who long for conquest 
the Government, and struck hands with grand and military glory. Behind all these stands the 
and petty larceny for the accomplishment of its mob, just beginning to beconsciousofits strength, 
purposes. Everybody stole. Cabinet omcers,- and ready for any desperate enterprise. Loyal 
