1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB. 
idbS 
this piece of patch-work upon the sober fabric of 
their construction ? 
I am told that it is only intended to prohibit 
a future amendment of the Constitution, havinø 
for its object any interference x.vith slavery in the 
States; and then I am asked, do you wish to in- 
terfere with slavery in the States; or do you wish 
to amend the Constitution so as to accomplish 
that result? I do not; neither do I intend to es- 
tablish a national bank, or initiate direct taxation; 
but I cannot see that it follows therefrom that I 
should amend the Constitution so as to forbid 
such enactments. 
Is there no other subject of 
concern in this Republic but slavery? Shali the 
organic law be liable to change in its bearing upon 
the great commercial, manufacturing, aad agri- 
cultural interests, upon matters of peace and war, 
upon the relations of Government to the people; 
ahd yet we now erect slavery into the one great, 
overshadowing principle, which we purpose to 
declare, before God and man, shall be immutable 
and eternal? Slavery, which the fathcrs laid out 
of sight as an unholy thing, we drag from its de- 
cent concealment, and, placino• it upon the pedi- 
ment of the Constitution, take mutual oaths that 
there it Shail stand forever. 
In doing this, we 
overthrow that equality of the States of which we 
have heard so much ; for we deny to a majority of 
the members of the Union even the capacity of 
sUggesting amendments upon so sacred a subject. 
Sir, the Constitution of the United States needs 
no changc in favor of slavei•y. I will stand by it 
as itis; will accord to every interest all its rights; 
and I am amazed that the very parties who have 
been roudest in their lip-devotion to the funda- 
mental law, should be the very first to demand 
its radical alteration. The existence in the south- 
ern States of groundless fears, engendered by will- 
fu.t falsehood, is no reason for a change m the 
Constitution. Every precedent of change is dan- 
gerous; dou bly dangerous when occurring in times 
of hi«rh political excitement, or amid the turmoil 
of civil commotion,oroffered to appease the wrath 
of armed rebels against all government and all 
social order. I shall not vote for the amendment. 
The next proposition is " An act for the admis- 
Sion of New Mexico into the United States of 
America." When the preparation of this bill 
was first suggested in the committee, some weeks 
ago, assented to it. When the bill itself was 
reported to the committee, I withheld my assent. 
Nearly every southern gentleman had repudiated 
it, and we were assured that, instead of being a 
measure of peace, it would add to the existing 
irritation. 
I am therefore left to decide whether, 
as an act. of ordinary legislation, it ought to re- 
have, until very recently, 
ceive my support. 
believed that a fair convention of the people of 
that Territory would frame a constitution pro- 
hibiting the existence of slavery within the future 
State. But the report of the chairman of the 
comlliittee proceeds entirely upon the supposition 
that New Mexico is of course to be a slave State; 
and his remarkable speech in the House, the 
other day, is of the same tenor. An e:stract from 
his report will éxhibit my meaning: 
This Territory was organized in 1850. By it.s organic 
law the 'I'erritorial Legislature was authorized to enact laws 
was provided in the saine 
and report thein to Congress. 
act that if' Congress should disapprove the laws thus made 
they should be null and void. 
In the year 1859 the rrerritorial Legislature of New 
Mexico established slavery in that 'Ilerritory'. This law was 
disapproved at the last session of Congress by a vote of the 
House, but the Senate have not yet acted on the bill, and 
so the law of the Territory, not having been annulled by 
both Houses of Congress, remains in full force, and slavery 
now exists by law in New Mexico. 
It is further provided by the act of 1850 that New Mc.x- 
ico, when she is admitted into the Union, shall be admitted 
with or without slavery, as her constitution may ordain. 
The committee now propose to admit New Mexico into the 
Union as a State orr an equal footinw with the original 
States. Bv this course the faith of the nation pledged in 
the act of 1850 will be preserved, and the Territory lying 
south of the paranel of 360 30' will be disposed of, and the 
subject-:natter of controversy removed t•rmn the jurisdiction 
of the Federal Govehment. Thus all clailned by the South 
will be obtained, while the northern portion of our remain- 
in" Territory will be subject to such law as the Constitution 
and Congress may fürnish for its government. 
By this adjustment of the present territory of the, Union, 
including the territory of ali the States, it will be Iöund that 
the area of the free States and Territories, including all 
north of the line 360 30', contains 1,648,779 square miles, 
and a population of 19,036.739, inaking a population of about 
eleven and five tenths to the square inile. 
The area of the slaveholding States, including New 
Mexico, is 1,094,504 square miles, with a fOderal population 
of about nine and seven tenths to the square mile. By this 
arrangement of all the territory now possessed by the Uni- 
ted States, when New Mexico is admitted, if admitted as a 
slave St•tte, that possessed by the slaveholding States. will 
be greater, in proportion . to federal population, than that 
occurned by the non-siaveholdlng States and Territories. 
'I'lle cormnittee are at a loss to conceive what more than 
this can be dernanded or desired by-the South." 
The import of this language is unmistakable, 
and it indicates purposes which are wholly foreign 
to my settled convictions of duty. Mr. Speaker, 
we acquired this territory from Mexico. That 
Republic, feeble and distracted though she was, 
had yet had the wisdom to prohibit the existence 
of bondage throughout all her possessions. It 
would be a great wrong and an Undying disgrace 
for the Government of the United States, either 
by conquest or by purchase, to obtain free terri- 
tory to be carved into slave States. The people 
intended, by the recent eleption, to be secure 
against the accomplishment'öf such a purpose. 
The mode in which this measure is presented to 
us, seems calculated to frustrate that intention. It 
is true that no one, in voting for the bill, votes for 
the report; but the report, nevertheless, is justly 
received by the country as explaining the bill and 
foreshadowing its results. If those results should 
fail of accomplishment; if the constitutional con- 
vention should, after all, prohibit the existence 
of slavery, may not the South, with some reason, 
say that your scheme of conciliation was a juggle 
and a cheat, and fan the fires of revolution into a 
still wider flame? 
The ohjections to the bill, as a measure of or- 
dinary legislation, are insuperable. I learn from 
very high authority that theopcopleöf New Mex- 
ico do not wish its passage;' that they arc a sparse 
population, scattered over an immense area, five 
times as large as the State of New York; that 
they are separated from communication with each 
other by waterless deserts and vast mountain 
ranges; that they are poor, and unable to bear 
the expense of a State government; and that they 
prefer, for the present, to remain under the fos- 
terillg care of the Federal power. I learn, more- 
over, that the population of American origin does 
not amount to a thousand in numbers; that of the 
remainder there are but three or four thousand 
freemen of unmixed Spanish descent, while the 
residue is made up of peons and Indians of more 
or less mixed blood. To compel such a people, 
so situated, to form a constitution and come into 
the Union, would be eminently unwise. 
1 shall 
vote against the bill. 
The committee have reported an amendment to 
the present law for the rendition of fugitives from 
service. The President, in his message, had cm- 
phatically condemned the statutes known as per- 
sonal liberty bills, and had even declared that, 
without their repeal, 
no human power could 
save the Union.' 
It was very plain that the Pres- 
ident had never read the laws of which he was 
speaking; but, so far as my own State is con- 
cerned, f have always been willing to repeal the 
particular statute alluded to, whenever the Fed- 
era) Government should take away the evil which 
that statute was wisely enacted to guard against. 
I am happy to say that the bill reported by the 
committee will, in my judgment, accomplish that 
purpose. The act of 1850 was peculiarly liable 
to abuse of process of the worst description, even 
that whereby a freeman might be deprived of his 
liberty ; against th is evil a portion of the free States 
have legislated in the manner complained of. The 
present amendment, though not so perfect as I 
could have wished, does yet contain such pro- 
visions as to create a moral impossibility that any 
freeman can be reduced to bondage under its op- 
eration. The question is not, however, whether 
I x,vould vote for it as an original proposition, but 
whether I will consent to the amelioration, so far, 
of the existing law. I shall cheerfully give it my 
support, and upon its passage by Congress, will 
join in the recommendation to the people of my 
State for the repeal ofa statute whose longer con- 
tinuance will have become unnecessary. 
T hc committee has rcportcd one other measure 
of 'specific legislation. It is as follows : 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives 
of the United States of Jmerica in Congress assembled, That 
every person charged, by indictment or other satisfactory 
evidence, in any State, with treason, felony, or other crime, 
conunitted within the jurisdiction of such State, who shall 
flee or shall have fled from justice and be found in another 
State, shall, on the demand or the executive authority of 
the State from which he fled upon the district judgc of the 
United States of the district in which he may be found. be 
arrested and brought beföre such judge who, on being eat* 
isfied that he is the person charged, and that he was within 
the jurisdictiåh of -such State at: time ' such erihié,was 
committed, of: which such Zharge shah be ptimaffacie {.e-vi" 
dence, shall deliver Ilfm uptobe removed-tothegtate hav- 
tng jurisdiction'*öf the crime and if any:queguon-igf-e 
shati arise during such may bé -tåkéO On 
exceptions by writ of •error to the -Oircuit eourt."'t--• 
There is no action Of the Committee which'l 
more deeply regret than the report of this' bill; 
regard it as an attempt at fugrant usurpation-by 
the•Federal Government of poweis that 
belong only to the Statesi By •the theory Of? Our 
system, the highest duty Of the State authoritv is 
to protect the person of the citizen. The bill 
before the House strikes down the very capacity 
to perform that duty. Its legal effect is to sus- 
pend the writ of habeas corpus frem the State ju- 
diciary in all cases of requisition for the surrender 
of alleged criminals; and to wrench from the State 
executive functions which have been exercised 
thereby for sixty-four years, in order to devolve 
those functions upon a Federal iudge appointed 
by the President of the United States, and hold- 
ing office for life. I believe its practical opera- 
tion will be disastrous; for instead of the trifling 
differences which now exist between certain GOV- 
ernors, it tends to collision between the Federal 
and State authorities, which ought, if possible, to 
be carefully avoided. 
Nor do I approve the objectofthe bill. It has 
been very generally held by the Governors, that 
no surrender should be made upon a requisition 
for the commission of an act which was not a 
crime by the laws of the State on whose execu- 
tive the requisition was made. I believe that de- 
cision to be right. It is expected to reverse it by 
the judgment. of the Federal courts as now consti- 
tutedA The object for which the reversal is sought 
is, mainly, that requisitions upon indictments for 
what are called offenses against slave propefty, 
and for the publication of such printed matter as 
the laws of certain States maydenominate incen- 
diary, shall be made effective by the surrender, 
through the Federal judges; of the persons ac- 
cused. Indictments have been found against cit- 
izcns who had never been in the jurisdiction where 
the crime was alleged to have been committed at 
all; the only presence therein being such as was 
derived, by construction, from the mailing by the 
accused ofa newspaper in the State of New York 
to a friend or subscriber south of Mason and 
Dixon's line; and the bill, as far as possible, 
sanctions this infamous practice, by providing 
that the mere finding of the indictment shall be 
primafacie evidence before the Federal judge of 
the presence of the accused at the place where the 
crime is alleged to have been committed. Every 
man shall be presumed to be innocent till his guilt 
is proved, is the maxim of the common law; the 
bill reverses it squarely. I have nothing to say 
of the laws which the citizens of the slaveholding 
States may choose to make for the preservation 
of their system of society; but I must protest 
against the practical extension of those laws all 
over the Republic, through the intervention of the 
Federal courts. 
Mr. Speaker, I have now stated very fully the 
course which I intend to pursue regarding the 
propositions submitted by the chairman of the 
committee. It remains for me to consider what 
ought to be done for the preservation of the Re- 
It is a question Involving, at this hour, 
public. 
terrible responsibilities. Good men, brave men, 
wise men, may well hesitate and doubt- But, sir, 
there is a principle which will guide us safely in 
It is simply to do right. The 
the darkest hour. 
one great revelation of history, which, above all 
others, exhibits its awful presence amid the 
changes of rising and of falling nations, is, that 
God governs in the affairs of men, and that the 
people who deliberately trample upon His eternal 
law cannot prosper. It is because I have learned 
this, that I dare not make another compromise 
with slavery. And why should we compromisc? 
The people have elected a Péesident of signal in- 
tegrity, and holding just and constitutional opin- 
ions. Forthwith armed rebellion springs up all 
along the Gulf, and with saber brandished in our 
faces, and bayonet pointed at our breasts, demands 
compromise: Other States, catching the infection, 
threaten to join the insurgent ranks unless, we 
compromise. Compromise what, sir? Not: a-pe- 
tition for redress of grievances has been laid üpon 
our tablc, but the soft appliances that-are brought 
to bear upon this great Government are drilled 
, troops and loaded cannon 
