554 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 25, 
The venerable Senator from Rhode Island re- 
marked in his place the other day: " I am afraid to 
compromise, lest I demoralizc the Government. 
I share in that fear. Suppose we yield; sacrifice 
the moral convictions of the North, and the re- 
volted States return to their allegiance: the tariff 
bill of the gentleman from Vermont is taken from 
the table of the Senate and passed; forthwith 
the 'hosts of sedition are rallied, secessim again 
raises its hideous front, and amid the clangor of 
arms souiuling from the Gulf, the industrial inter- 
estSof the nation are immolated upon the altars 
of treason. Will Pennsylvania stand halting and 
trembling then? Aftcr peace has been restored by 
the new, surren4er, the homestead bill is reached 
upon the Calendar of the Senate, guns roar from 
Fort Moultrie, bayonets bristle at Pensacola, bat- 
teries are planted 011 tho banks of the Mississippi, 
and amid shouts of " compromise" the Govern- 
ment yields orwe more, and the free cmiTrant of 
every section is sacrificed to the plantation. On 
which side will tl'le Northwest be then? 
A compromise now is but the establishment of 
sedition as an clementary principle in our system. 
Let the slaveholding States renounce their mis- 
chievons heresy of secession; let them return to 
their allegiance; let them propose, as the only usc- 
ful amendment to the Constitution, an express 
provision therein that no State shall withdraw 
from the Union without the consent of all its mem- 
bers; let them then make known, in the respect- 
ful manner due to every Govefnment, what arc 
their desires; and I have no doubt that ample secu- 
rity will be givcn for all their rights and even in- 
terests. But so long as open rebellion on the one 
hand, and threatened rebellion on tho other, are 
the means of redress relied on, there is no course 
left for the Government but the vindication of its 
dignity by an exhibition ofitsstrengtli. Sir, there 
never was so wicked a rebellion since the angels 
revolted as that which now threatens to devastate 
this fair land. A country such as God never be- 
fore gave to apy people; a Constitution the envy 
and thc admiration of tbc world; a freedom cotn- 
bined in such just measure with civil order as no 
other nation was ever blessed withal • 
, a past full 
of glorious recollections; a present wherein plenty 
is pouring her richest bounty into the lap of peace ; 
a future glowing with immortal hopes: thcsc, all 
these, are. to be thrown away, and the hell-fires of 
civil war to be kindled up, that a 'l'oombs may 
be lord of the ascendant it) Georgia, or a Rhett 
realize his visions of ambition in South Carolina. 
Others may do as they choose; I, for one, dare not 
compound with a treason so full of unnatural 
Mr. NELSON obtained the floor, but yielded to 
Mr. QUARLES, who moved that the House 
ad •ourn. 
{1r. SHERMAN. 1 hope we shall adjourn. 
There arc several gentåemcn who tu•e prepared to 
speak this evening. 
Mr. VALLANDIGEIAM. the motion 
to adjourn is pt_lt, desire to say that [ In-I ve an 
amendment which I propose, at thc proper time, 
to offer to the first section of the proposed amend- 
ment to the fugitive slave law. I ask that it be 
printed. 
No objcct.ion being made, the proposed amend- 
ment was ordered to bc printed. 
Mr. QU ARLES. I suppose it is not intended 
to limit this debate, arid ail gentlemen will havc 
an opportunity to speak. 
I insist upon my mo- 
tion. 
Mr. NELSON. I have no prepared speech, 
and I am willing to yield the floor to any one who 
desires it, provided I can have the floor after him, 
The SPEAKER pro tentpore. Does the gentle- 
man withdraw his motion to adjourn ? 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 do. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not understand my 
*colleague to withdraw the motion to adjourn, ex- 
cept upon thc terms suggested by my colleague, 
[Mr. NELSON,] who has been assigned the floor. 
His statement was, that inasmuch as hc had pre- 
pared no speech, as he undcrstood other gentle- 
men had, he would resign the floor for the. time 
being in fav.or of such gentlemen, he being al- 
lowed to speak to-inorrow. 
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The 
not feel at liberty to enter into any express ar- 
ranÜmnent. 
Mr. MAYNARD. It can be done by unani- 
mous consent. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
I insist that the I 
gentleman from Tennessee shall proceed now; or 
If he yields the floor, he shall yield it uncondi- 
tionally. 
Mr. QU ARLES. Then I renew my motion to 
adjourn, if there can be no understanding. 
Mr. MAYNARD called for the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays refused. 
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to. 
Mr. NELSON resumed the and dom- 
menced his remarks, but was interrupted imme- 
diately by 
Mr. CURTIS, who moved that the House 
adjourn. 
'r hc motion was agreed to. 
The House accordingly (at twenty minutes to 
five o'clock, p. m.) adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
FRIDAY, January 25, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of yeste rday was read and approved. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the sen- 
ate a report of the Secretary of -war, submitting, 
in obedience to law, plans and an estimate for 
completing the public buildings at Fort Aber- 
crombie; which was referred to the Committee 
on Military Affairs and- Militia. 
110USE BILL REFERRED. 
The joint resoluti6n from the T.-.louse of Repre- 
sentatives (No. 48) in relation to mail service in 
Washington 'I'en•itory, was read twice by its title, 
and rcfefred to the Committee on the Post Office 
and Post Roads. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens 
of Lehigh county, Pennsylvania, 
praying the 
adoption of the compromisc measures proposed 
by Hon. Mr. CRITTENDEN ; which was ordered to 
lie on tho table. 
He also presented a petition of citizens of 
Wayne county, Pennsylvania, praying the adop- 
tiou of the measures proposed by 
Hon. Mr. CRITTENDEN; which was ordered to lie 
on the. table. 
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Lieu- 
tenant .T. M. Gillis, superinten(lent of the naval 
astrononlical expedition , praying that the accou n t- 
ing officers of the Treasury IY)ay bc directed to 
allow him the pay for that omce, established by 
the act approved March 3, 1851; which x.vas 
referred to the Committcc on Naval AiFait•s. 
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, 1 wish to present 
a memorial from citizens of St. Louis, who rcp- 
resent that they believe the adjustment of the dif- 
ficulties of the country might be made upon the 
basis of tho Crittenden resolutions, and praying 
that those resolutions may pass. I will state that 
this petition and its signatures occupy sonle ninety- 
eight or one hundred sheets of foolscap. To the 
peliti01') are appended a large number of names; 
as many, I think, as were signed to tho petition i 
presented a few days ago, which, am told, con- 
tained upwards of seventy-seven hundred names. 
The petition was laid on thc table. 
Mr. POLK. •While. I am up, I also wish to 
present a petition of like import, signed by cili- 
zens of the city and courit.y of St. Charles, in the 
State of Missouri. On this petition I see the 
names ofa great many Germans. 
The petition was ordercd to lie on thc table. 
DAVID V. WHITING. 
Mr. GREEN. The Committee on Territories 
have had beföre them a bill for the relief of Da- 
vid V. Whiting, and they unanimously recom- 
mend the passage of the bill, and instruct me to 
request the Senate to put it on its passage now. 
No objection was made; and the bill (H. R. No. 
377) for the reliefof David V. Whiting was read a 
second time, and considered as in Committee ofthe 
Whole. 
It proposes to direct that the Secretary 
of the Treasury shall pay David V. Whiting, 
$3,040 for his services as translator for the territo- 
rial government of New Mexico, from March 28, 
1851, to September 21, 1852, out of any moneys 
remaining unexpended of the sums appropriated 
by Congress for the incidental expenses of the 
Legislative Assembly of that Territory; if there 
should be no surplus of such moneys, then the 
amount is to be paid out of any moneys in the Uni- 
ted States Treasury not otherwise appropriated. 
Mr. GRIMES. should to hear the re- 
port in that case, if there is one accompanying it. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 will a brief statement, 
which will be equal to a report. Mr. Whiting 
was appointed by the Governor, the Legislature 
having passed a law creating the office of trans- 
It is necessm•y to have a translator there; 
lat01'. 
and the price paid is $500 a year less than is now 
being paid under the law. As he was appointed 
three months before a law was passed, it is neces- 
sary, according to Mr. Whittlesey's report, that 
Congress pass a law for the payment of this money. 
Mr. GRIMES. How long did he serve? 
Mr. GREEN. Eighteen months. 
Mr. GRIMES. Three thousand dollars for 
eighteen months ? 
Mr. GREEN. At the rate of$2,OOO a year. 
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to 
a third reading, read the third time, and passed 
JEREMIAH PENDERGAST. 
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, it was 
Ordcrcd., That thc Sceretary of the Senate be directed to 
furnish to Jcremiah Pendergqtst certified copies of his papers 
on the files of the Senate. 
PAPERS WITIIDRAWN AND REFERRED. 
On motion of Mr. HEMPHILL, it was 
Ordered, That the Inemorial and the petition of citizcps 
of Texas, in relation to the crection ot' a light-house and 
light-vessel in and near Galveston harbor, on the files of the 
Senate, be referred to 'he Committee on Commerce. 
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY. 
On motion' of Mr. SLIDELL, it was 
Ordered, 'l'hat when the Senate adjourns to-day it be to 
meet on Monday next. 
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF WASHINGTON. 
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 offer the followinæ resolu- 
tion, and ask for its consideration now: 
Resolved, 'Ithat the Connnitree on Public Lands he in. 
structed to inquire into the expediencv or restoring the 
salary o? the surveyor general of Washington 'i'erritory, 
reduced by the aet March 3, 1855, said restoration to take 
effect [roll) thc 1st July, 1855, and to report by bill or other- 
wise. 
I wish to call the attention of thc chairman of 
the Committee on Public Lands to this resolu- 
tion. There was a reduction of tbc salarv of the 
surveyor general of Washington Territory made 
some four- years since, by amendment offered 
by the Scnator from Arkansas, and so construed 
as to reduce the salary of the surveyor general 
when it was not intended. The Senator from 
Arkansas recollects the case, I believe. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
Is it matter 
that is reported here? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a resolu- 
tion of inquiry. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
ask that it 
be read again. 
I did not hear it. 
The Secretary again read the resolution. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
I can give no 
answer in regard to it now, or as to the propriety 
of any step in relation to it. 
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 do not ask any answer 
now, but simply that the committee investigate 
the matter. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
GEORGE 11. GIDDINGS. 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 wish to call up a joint 
resolution which the Post Offc,e Comn)ittee re- 
ported a few days ago. It is House joint resolu- 
tion No. 62, for the benefit of George H. Giddings. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to hear it 
read, that I may know what it is. 
The Secretary read thejoint resolution, with the 
amendment of the Committee on the Post Offce 
and Post. Roads. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ido not know that 1 have 
any object.ion to the passage of th\s joint resolu- 
tion. do not know anything about it; but I 
would suggest that, as to-day has been assigned 
for the consideration of private 'bills, whether it 
is not proper and right that we should take them 
in their order, and not call them up in this way 
out of their place. Let every person havin«y a 
private claim on the Calendar have a fair chance. 
Mr. GREEN. Let me suggest to the Sena- 
tor from Illinois, that this is not on the Calendar 
at all. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It ought to be, 
Mr. WIGFALL. This is a joint resolution 
that was passed by the House of Representatives 
