656 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 25, 
or for any other service more than four dollars 
per day, for the time actually and necessarily 
employed." Under this provision, as appears 
from a letter,of the late Commissioner Wilson, the 
accounting offcers rejected the per diem for Sun- 
days. This construction of the law, the Commis- 
sioner thinks, is entirely erroneous. By the act 
of March 3, 1849, the Commissioner of the Gen- 
eral Land Offce was " authorized to continue 
three temporary clerks during the recess of Con- 
gress, until the patents for bounty lands should 
be issued, the clerks to be paid out of the contin- 
gent fund." On the 8th of March, 1849, the day 
preceding the appointment of Mr. Niles, three 
clerks were appointed, in accordance with that 
provision, at the same rate of pay, (namely, four 
dollars. per day,) and to perform like duties as 
those performed by Niles. These three clerks, 
as is stated, received the per diem for Sundays. 
Judge Young, then Commissioner, and who made 
all the appointments referred to, says: " The 
facts, as to the services of Mr. Niles, are correctly 
set forth. I•appointed him a clerk in the Land 
Offce, at the time stated, at the same rate of com- 
pensation promised to Messrs. Whitney, mega, 
and Lucas, and fully intended that no distinction 
should be made between them, and that he should 
receive the same emoluments, in every particu- 
lar, granted them , including the Sunday per diem. ' ' 
The ground of distinction taken by the Comp- 
troller seems to have been, that the three clerks 
named were appointed under the special provis- 
ions of the act of 1849, which relieved them from 
the operation of the act of 1842, and that the Com- 
missioner had' promised them the Sunday per 
diem. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is, Shall the bill pass?" 
The question being put, there were twelve 
votes in thc afirmative, and several Senators said, 
Give it up." 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill does 
not pass. 
Mr. IVERSON. I understood that the other 
side gave it up. 
Mr. HALE. No, no; you gave it up. 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 believe the Senator from 
Rhode Island [Mr. SIMMONS] reported the bill. 
He is not in the Chamber at present; and I sug- 
gest, out of consideration to him, that it be not 
decided now. 
Mr. KING. The proper disposition has been 
made of it. 
Mr. GREEN. The twelve who voted did not 
give it up. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 hope, by con- 
sent, the bill will lie over until the Senator from 
Rhode Island comes in. Oh, no ! ' 'J Then I 
will make a motion to reconsider. 
Mr. HALE. You voted with the minority. 
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to reconsider. 
Mr. HALE. I voted with the majority; and 
iC Mr. SIMMONS wants it reconsidered when he 
comes in, I shall make thc motion. 
Mr. SLIDELL. I move the reconsideration 
now. 
Mr. HALE. Let us vote on it at once. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 desire, the motion to n- 
sider to be entered. 
The PRESID{NG OFFICER. It vil be 
entered. 
JOHN H. WHEELER. 
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S. 
No. 270) for the relief of John H. Wheeler, which 
on the 4th of May last was read the third time, 
the question now being on its passage. 
poses to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to 
pay to John H. Wheeler, late minister resident 
of the United States at Nicaragua, $5,715 20, in 
full for losses by exchange ; for property destroyed 
at Granada; expenses incurred In taking testi- 
mony at San Juan del Norte; and for relief ex- 
tended to distressed American citizens crossinrr 
the Isthmus during the interval between October, 
1854, and October, 1856. 
Mr. KING Is there a report in that case ? 
Mr. MASON. There is a report accompanying 
the bill, which can be read if any Senator asks it. 
I reported the bill myself. 
The Secretary read the report; from which it 
appears that a party of American citizens, while 
crossing the Isthmus, en route from California to 
New York, were attacked by the natives at Virgin 
Bay, on the of Nicaragua, on the 19th of 
October, 1855, some of whom were killed, and 
oghers wounded and robbed, while at the same 
time another party of hostile natives, strongly 
armed, were collected at San Carlos, on the other 
side of the lake. Thus hemmed in by hostile 
forces on both sides, and cut Off from access to 
either ocean, they applied to the memorialist, then 
minister resident of the United States at that place, 
for protection and rehef, which was promptly 
forded; comfortable' quarters procured and food 
supplied them (two hundred and fifty in number) 
for two days and nights. It further appears, that 
under instructions from the Department of State, 
dated October 23, 1854, the memorialist was rc- 
quired to aid Joseph W. Fabens, Esq.,a commis- 
sioner appointed for that purpose, m collecting 
information and taking testimony at San Juan, 
(Greytown,) in relation to the conduct of the pcr- 
sons who assumed political control over San Juan 
del Norte, and also with regard to the claims against 
our Government on account of property destroyed 
bv thc late bombardment of that place by Captain 
Hollins, of the United States Navy; that in the 
performance of this service he was engaged for 
more than two months, away from his proper res- 
idence, and necessarily subjected to great incon- 
venience and additional expenses, amounting to 
the sum of $273 98. 
In the fall of 1856, by recall from the Depart- 
ment of State, Mr. Wheeler returned to the Uni- 
ted States, as was then supposed, on a temporary 
visit.' On that occasion, he left at the legation 
personal property to thc valuc of over two tbou- 
sand dollars; this property was destroyed by the 
allied forces of Guatemala, Honduras, San Sal- 
vador, Costa Rica, and a part of Nicaragua. On 
his departure for Central America, he was in- 
structed by the Department of State to draw upon 
London for his salary and the contingentexpcnses 
of the legation, and for that purpose a credit was 
opellcd for hirn with Messrs. Baring Brothers. 
On his arrival in Nicaragua, it was found imprac- 
ticablc to negotiate draTts on London; he had, 
therefore, to make an a«ent here, who drew on 
London, and for a time deposited in New York 
or Washington; in Nicaragua these drafts could 
only be negotiated at the reduced value of the cur- 
rency of the country, in which the peso, or dol- 
Jar, was worth only eighty cents for each real dol- 
lar drawn for. The amount of his drafts, from 
October, 1854, to October, 1856, was $14,706; 
and consequently the loss incurred by him was 
$2,941 20. These statements are supported by 
testimony filed with the memorial, and may be 
summed up thus: 1. Reimbursement for amount 
expended in the maintenance and protection of 
distressed American citizens crossing the Isth- 
mus, $500; 2. Amount of expenses incurred while 
taking testimony at 'San Juan del Norte, $273 98; 
3. Value of property destroyed atGranada, $2,000; 
4. Loss in exchanges, $2,941 20; total, $5,715 18. 
Mr. MASON. The testimony 
the report, I suppose, nced not be read, unless 
some gentleman desires it. 
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Then,theques- 
tion 'Will be on the passage of the bill. 
Mr. MASON. The testimony is there; and 1 
suppose the testimony which satisfied the com- 
mittee would satisfy the Senate. Any Senator 
can call for the reading of it, if he wishes to hear 
it read. 
Mr. HALE. Will not Senator from 
ginia be kind enough to state the principle of pub- 
lic law upon which we are to pay for the property 
the minister left there during his absence? I un- 
derstand, by the report, there was $2,000 worth 
of property destroyed by the revolutionary gov- 
ernment duril* his absence. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the Senator will allow 
me, I will make a statement. 
know that Mr. 
Wheeler came here. 
I saw the correspondence, 
for I once had occasion to investiTate this claim 
in the other House as chairman of the Committee 
on Foreign Affairs; and I was cognizant of it pre- 
viously. He was called here bylettcr for consult- 
ation with the State Department. After he came 
here, and had been here for some time, (there were 
matters goinø on that were supposed to require 
his presence,) they suddenly concluded to recall 
him. He had no more idea of being recalled, at 
the time he came here, than I havc of being re- 
called from the Senate to-day. He left his prop- 
eFty in that condition, and after being here some 
two, three, four, or five months, perhaps, Mr. 
Marcy and President Pierce concluded that he 
might be withdrawn, that the existing condition 
of-the country did not require his return; and he 
was recalled in that way; and in•the mea-n time his 
property left there was destroyed. I know that 
fact; and I may say further that I think the claim 
is well founded. 11t was investigated by a com- 
mittee in the other House, and the committee 
were unanimously of the opinion that it ought to 
1 was then a member of the committee. 
pass. 
Mr. HALE. I am not answered, It is not 
stated whether the property was destroyed by the 
Government, by a revolution, or by a mob; and I 
wish to know if it is within the principle of public 
law laid down by the.authorities- 
Mr. MASON. I am not aware of any prin- 
ciple of public law by that technical name, under 
which this claim, as a demand, ••.vould be paid; 
but the committee places it. 01k the principle of 
publicjuétice and public right. •rhe facts stated 
In the report show that this minister, under the 
guarantee which always belongs to a minister in 
a country, and which he carries from his 
own Government, that he will be protected in his 
right of person and property while he is abroad 
as their minister, left his property in Nicaragua, 
and the revolutionary forces in Nicaraoua—l do 
not know whether I should call them revolution- 
ary forces—but the Government of Nicaragua,in 
union with the public authorities of the adjacent 
Central American States, in putting down Waiker, 
commuted this depredation : on ihe property of 
the minister, destroyed his house, and burned his 
property. Now, the principle upon which the 
committee allowed it was, that it was incumbent 
upon the United States always to provide for the 
safety of the persons and property of their min- 
isters abroad, by a reclamation, if it is destroyed, 
upon the Government that makes it; not a recla- 
mation by the minister, but a reclamation made 
by the Government. Under these considerations, 
the committee thought, if there was no written 
public law which would authorize it, it was & 
principle and duty resulting from the relations 
subsisting bet'.vecn the minister and thc Govern- 
ment. 
Mr. HALE. I have looked over this report 
somewhat hastily. I do not see any evidence in 
the report of that loss at all. 
Mr. MASON. The evidence was before the 
committee; and I prcsumc it will be found in the 
I have not seen the report since it was 
report 
made. 
Mr. HALE. I have looked over it, and have 
not secn it. 
Mr. M ASON. The evidence is there, I can as- 
sure the. Senator, in the form of proof taken in the 
town of Granada, x.vhere the depredation was com- 
mitted. I have not seen t.he report since it was 
made, which was at the last session. I can only 
vouch for itseaccuracy now from knowing that it 
was carefully made. Here is a statement of Mr. 
R. J. Darden made under oath, and a certificate of 
John Granger, recorder of the land offce, that 
Mr. Darden is a man of truth. 
Mr. HALE. What does hc say ? 
Mr. MASON. I-le says this: 
On the attack of the allicd forces of Guatemala, San 
Salvador, and Honduras, on the city of Granada, on the 19th 
Octobcr, 1856, the plunder, burning of hou•ses, and murder 
ofall Americans was proclaimed. Many fell victims ; among 
them two preachers of the Gospel, a young cliiid of Mr. 
Sinith of New York, Mr. Lawless, a merchant, and others. 
The legation house, over which the American flag waved, 
where the wives or Americans had fled fOt satety, was 
assaulted. 'i'he house, being strongly barricaded, resisted 
the attack, while a severe, active, and destructive fire from 
a few of the Nicaraauan army was very fatal to the assail- 
ants. -Had they succeeded in effecting an entrance, no age, 
sex, or condition could have escaped. The door was per- 
törated with balls, and the fiag riddled by their shots. Col- 
onei Wheeler, though prostrated by sickness, was enabled 
to preserve quiet among his numerous guests, and discoun- 
tenanced every offensive effort, except in self-preservation. 
On his leaving Granada, his house was destroyed, all bis 
furniture, stores, and library were burnt up, entailing a loss 
of more than two thousand dollars, to the knowledge of this 
amant. 
The health of Colonel Wheeler, by the diseases of this 
climate and exposure of his position, completely failed, and 
I was compelled to accompany him home." 
This is not the whole of the evidence in the 
case. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is: " Shall the bill pass ? 
Mr. HALE. 1 am not willing that it shall. 
do not want to interpose any factious opposition 
