THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF' CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D.r •C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
todian of the public property at Erie, Pennsyl- 
vania, from April 8, 1857, to December 16, 1858, 
inclusive. 
From the report, which was read, it appears 
that, in 1853, the memorialist was appointed local 
acent and engineer for the improvement of the 
harbor at Eric, Pennsylvania, at a compensation 
of #120 per month, by Colonel Abert, corps topo- 
graphical engineers, with the approval of the Sec- 
retary of War. When the appropriation for the 
work became so far exhausted as to render it 
necessary to suspend operations, Mr. Lints was 
continued in service as custodian of the public 
property pertaining to the harbor, at a reduced 
compensation of two dollars per day. He now 
claims $1,236 compensation for his services as 
custodian, from the 8th of April, 1857, to the 
16th December, 1858, inclusive, no part of which, 
he avers, has ever been paid him. The correct- 
ness of the account is admitted by the omcer in 
charge of har.bor improvements on the lakes, but 
an offset is made to the amount of $815 14, being 
the value of a certain amount of timber which dis- 
appeared or was lost, whilst in charge of Mr. 
Lin ts. The memorialist prays that this shall not 
be charged against him, inasmuch as the timber 
was carried away and lost by storms, in part, and 
in part was stolen, neither of which he was able 
to control. He received no pay after the 8th of 
April, 1857, because the appropriation for the im- 
provement of the harbor at Erie had been ex- 
hausted previous to that date. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 would inquire whether 
there is any communication from the Department 
in reference to this claim? 
The SPEAKER. Nothing has been presented 
to the House. 
Mr. BABBITT. 1 to state that this claim 
underwent the investigation of the committee of 
the Senate, and passed the Senate upon their re- 
port. The claim has also undergone an investi- 
gation of the Committee on Naval Affairs of the 
House. It passed both committees unanimously. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 think, in cases of this 
character, where a party has been acting under the 
authority of any one Department of this Govern- 
ment, there ought always to bc furnished from 
that Department a letter showing the character of 
the service, and the reason why the Department 
could not audit and pay the account. 
Mr. BABBITT. All these documents were 
before the committee. 
Mr. BURNETT. must object to the request 
of the gentleman; and I call for the regular order 
of business. 
The SPEAKER. The first business in order 
is the call of committees for the report of bills of 
a private character. 
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com- 
mittees, commencing where the call last left off. 
TIKEODORE ADAMS. 
Mr. WALTON, from the Committee of Claims, 
reported back Court of Claims bill No. 102, for 
the relief of Theodore Adams; which, upon his 
request, was ordered to be printed, and recom- 
mitted to the Committee of Claims. 
JONAS P. I,EVY. 
Mr. WALTON. 1 am directed by the Com- 
mittee of .Claims to report a ioint resolution for 
the relief of Jonas P. Levy, ana to ask permission 
to put the same upon its passage. I will state that, 
in 1854, the claim was reförred to the accounting 
officers of the Treasury for settlement, and was 
allowed by the First Auditor, but disallowed by 
It has since been before 
the First Comptroller. 
the Court of Claims, and rejected for want of cvi- 
dence. The petitioner alleg€;s that there is evidence 
MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1861. 
this same claim, wkieh was referred to the Com- 
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and receive'd no favor 
before that committee. I do hot know how this 
bill comes now. to be reported from the Commit- 
I presume that it must have' been 
tee of Claims. 
reported back from the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs, and referred to the Committee of Claims. 
The claim is a very large one, indeed; and has 
some features about it that render it eminently 
proper that it should bc carefully considered be- 
tore it is passed upon by the House. If I am not 
mistaken, it involves as much as $100,000, and 
probably more; and, under these circumstances, 
I move that thc bill be referred toa Committee of 
the Whole House. 
Mr. WALTON. 1 wish to say that, had the 
Committee of Claims undertaken to report upon 
the merits of the claim on the evidence now in the 
case, Suvc should have concurred with the Commit- 
tee on Foreign Affairs; but wc simply propose to 
give him an opportunity of• producing additional 
evidence, which he says is In the Departments, 
and which hc can produce. That is all we propose. 
We do not allow the claim. 
I understand the gentleman 
Mr. BRANCH. 
from Vermont to state that this claim was before 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. HUTCHINS. It was. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 hesitation, then, in 
saying that the bill ought to go to a Committee 
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar. I 
believe that one of the grounds upon which thc 
Comn-iitlec on Foreign Affairs rejected tho claim 
was, that it had been time and again rejected, by 
committees of this Tlouse; and no further statc- 
ment,l t.hinlc, would be necessary to convince the 
House. that it would bc improper to put the bill 
on its passage without considcration in a Com- 
mittee of the 'Whole House. 
Mr. PHELPS. The resolution under consid- 
eration contains an appropriation, and must ne- 
cessarily go to a Committ.ce of the Whole House. 
I object to its considcration now. 
Mr. WALTON. The gentleman is mistaken. 
Tho appropriation was made in 1854. The res- 
olution provides for a reéxamination. 
Mr. PHELPS. Let the joint resolution be 
read. If I understand it, it directs the accounts 
to be set.tled and paid at the Trcasury, according 
to the provisions of a certain act of Congress 
therein named. 
Mr. WALTON. Let the resolution bc read. 
The Clerk read the joint resoluti0Y1. It requires 
thc accounting offccrs of the Treasury to exam- 
ine, adjust, and settle the claim of Jonas P. Levy, 
for indemnity against thc Goverrnncnt of Mex- 
ico; which claim was presented to the late board 
of commissioners on claims arrainst Mexico; and 
that the amount, if any, which said accounting 
officers shall find to be due to said Jonas P. Levy, 
shall be paid to hilli as per act of Congress of 
August 3, 1854. 
Mr. SHERMAN. which 
Mr. Whittlesey pronounced a fraud, after full ex- 
amination. 
Mr. PHELPS. I express no opinion in refer- 
ence to the claim. 
The SPEAKER. There is no question that 
the joint resolution contains an appropriation; 
and the resolution must go to a Conunittee of the 
Whole House, and wili be printed with the report. 
Is the report ordered to be 
Mr. BRANCH. 
prin ted ? 
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir. 
Mr. BRANCH. I would object to its printing 
I do not think that Congress 
if it is not. too late. 
ought to put the Government to any further ex- 
t pcnse in examining this claim. 
in the Department to sustain the claim, and the The SPEAKER. The objection comes too late. 
Court of Claims have intimated that the defect in 
JOSEPH P. MOORE. 
one item of the claim was proof that he was ille- 
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of 
gaily expelled by any law or•authority of Mcx- 
ico. The committee think the claimant should I Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph P. 
Moore; which T.vas read a first and second time, 
have the privilege of presenting proof. 
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, 
Mr. BRANCH. There has been heretofore, 1 
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to bc 
believe—probably during the.last session of Con- 
gress—a claim from this party, and, I imagine, printed. 
36 
NEW SERIEB._.G.NO. •36." 
TIIOMAS ALLEN. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 ask the unanimous 
sent of the House that the Committee' 
House on the Privaté Calendtif bC 
the further consideration of' SeRute bill No: 
for the reliefofThomas Allen: Itie a Claim which 
originated in the Court of Claims. -It was there ox: 
anuned, and passed thatcöuft, and bill was pie- 
pared which ehas passed the Senate. It was unan- 
zmously reported by the. Gommittee of •Claims of 
this House at the last session of Congress; and 
if the House desires information in regard to the 
claim, I beg that the opinion of the -Court. of 
Claims may be reqd. 
It directs the Secre- 
The Cleric read the bill. 
tary of the Treasury to pay, out of- any money 
not otherwise appropriated, to Thomas Allen, 
$27,730 03, in full for printing twenty thousand 
copies of the Coinpendium of the Sixth Census 
of the United States, and furnishing materials for 
the same. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire toknow if that bill 
is in accordance with the opinion of the Court of 
Claims? 
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes; tho bill repotted 
by the Court of Claims. 
Mr. SHERMAN. think this bill ought to 
be considered. This is a large sum of money to 
be any Information. 
I think so, too; and it has 
Mr. 
been most carefully and attentively considered. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think the bill had belter 
be taken up in its order. Before voting 
for an old claim, fifteen or twenty years • old, 
should "Ice to read the report. 
Mr. MAYNARD. It is that old because it has 
been under consideration. 
The SPEAKER. Is objection made to the 
re uest of the gentleman from Tennessee? 
SHERMAN. Yes, sir; 1 object. 
PURCHASERS OF SCIIOOL LANDS IN KANSAS. 
Mr. NOELL. I ask the unanimous consent 
of the House that the Committee of the Whöle 
Housc be discharged from the further considera- 
tion of Senate bill No. 107, to confirm the titlO of 
certain purchasers of school lands in Kansas Ter- 
ritory. Thc bill has passed the Senate, and has 
been unanimously reported by the Committee on 
It ought to 
Privatc Land Claims of this House. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 call for the regular order of 
business. 
BRIGADIER GENERAL TOTTEN. 
Mr. 'TAPPAN, from the Committee of Ciaims, 
reported a bill for the relief of Brigadier General 
Joseph G. Totten ; rwhich was read a first and sec- 
ond time, referred to a Committee of tbc Whole 
I-louse, and, with the adcompanying report, or- 
dered to be printed. 
FRAUDS ON TRADE MARKS. 
Mr. MOORHEAD. the unanimous con- 
sent of the House that the Committee of the Whole 
on the state of the Union be discharged from the 
further consideration of House bill No. 330, and 
that it be put upon its passage. It is a bill to 
punish frauds on trade marks. 
Mr. PHELPS. That is not a private bill. 
is a public one. 
Mr. BRANCH. I would ask the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania if he has been instructed by 
the Committee on Commerce to make that mo- 
Mr. MOORHEAD. No, sir. 
Mr. BRANCH. Then it is on the 
call of committees for reports, and I object to it. 
ADVERSE REPORTS. 
Mr. NIXON, from the Committee on Com- 
merce, made adverse reports on the memorials of 
J. H. Eits and Hiram L. Meeker; which were 
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed. 
IIAR.RIS AND BUTTERWORTH. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, from the Committee, 
of the Post Ofhce and Post Roads, reported back* 
