1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
563 
at this time by the Post Offce Committee, or was 
especially in advance of just and legal claims, let 
it made some time since? 
them come up and place themselves on record. 
The SPEAKER. The report is made on the 
Mr. CRAKG, of Missouri. 
I desire to ask the 
regular call to-day. 
gentleman from New York whether he intends the 
Mr. HICKMAN. I understood this matter to 
language " surreptitiously smuggled" as applying 
have been called up some days since. 
to any member of the Post Ofiiée Committee ? 
The SPEAKER. It was objected. to then and 
Mr. PALMER. Oh, no; did not intend to 
returned. It is regularly before the House. 
apply it to anybody in particular. 
I used it be- 
The adverse report of the Judiciary Committee 
cause 1 cannot find that anybody knows how it 
of last session was read. 
came before the Post •Office Cornmiltee, 
Mr. COLFAX. I wish simply to vindicate the 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
It camc rcgularly 
Post Office Committee for the report which it has 
before the committee. 
made on this subject. I desire to state in advance 
Mr. PALMER. The chairman of the com- 
that it was referred to the Post Offce Committee 
mittee just stated he did not know how it came 
I knew nothing of the 
without my knowledge. 
there. 
bill being before the committee until it was handed 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the gentleman 
to us by our clerk. I desire also to state that I 
from New York will suspend a moment, I think 
understand that both these claimants differ from 
a single explanation will show how this bill has 
me in politics very widely indeed. But I have 
reached its present stage of progress. As I un- 
never been governed in my public course by per- 
derstood it, the bill originally came from the Sen- 
sonal or political considerations, nor do I intend 
ate through the action of the Post Offce Com- 
I therefore approached the consideration 
to be. 
mittee in the Senate. 
It was placed upon your 
of the bill as a matter of equity, understanding 
table here; and upon the House going to the busi- 
that the Judiciary Committee reported that) as a 
ness on the Speaker's table, it was taken from the 
matter of law, these parties were liable. There 
Speaker's table and referred, as I supposed, to 
is no question, I believe, that, as a matter of law, 
the Post Offce Committee. That, however, did 
they are liable; but, as a matter of equity, the 
not prove to be the fact. 
It was, in fact, referred 
Post Offce Committee recommend the passage of 
to the Judiciary Committee. The Judiciary Com- 
of this bill. And why? The Post Office Depart- 
mittee acted upon the bill, and reported adversely. 
ment instituted two suits acrainst the postrnaster 
That report was laid upon the table. 
At a subsequent period of time, one of the gen- 
at New Orleans, for whom these partics were se- 
tleman interested in the claim, and whom I be- 
curities, onc for robbing the mails, the other for 
lievcd to be entirely reliable, stated to me that there 
defalcation. The sureties came at once 
was newly discovered evidence which would give 
and paid every cent which the Post Office. Depart- 
a new aspect to the claim, and asked me to have 
ment demanded. The postmaster was tried for 
the adverse report taken from the table and re- 
the crime charged upon him, and was acquitted. 
ferred to the Post Office Committee. I consented 
All that the Post Office Department demanded 
to do so; and in open House I rnade t.hc motion, 
from the sureties was $10,538, and that sum the 
which was acceded to by the Housc; and the 
sureties paid. The principal afterwards went to 
bill was taken froin the table and referred to the 
Mexico, where he now resides—at Tehuantepec, 
Post Offce Committee, upon thc allegation that 
I believe. There was u little account for #2 38 
newly-discovered testimony would be produced. 
for stamps, in regard to which there svas some 
Whether there has been any new testimony pro- 
little diffeulty; but that was all. Subsequently, 
duced before the Post Ofiiee Committee or not, I 
however, the Post Offce Department stated that 
am not aware. I simply state, in addition, that 
the clerk who made up these accounts was intem- 
I have not conferred with any member of the Post 
perate, and had made a mistake ; and after the post- 
Office Committee upon thc subject. 
master had left the country, the sureties were in- 
I had almost made 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
formed that there was a further sum of five or six 
up my mind to oppose, at this stage of our pro- 
thousand dollars due. Suit was entered against 
ceedings, any bill for private relief; bt_lt, looking 
them for the recovery of that sum: and on that 
to the one now under consideration, I merely wish 
suit the judgment was rendered which it is now 
to state that it seems to me eminently just, and 
proposed by this bill to cancel. 
it will receive my sanction and cordial support. 
Nowr, I say that if the Government does not 
Mr. HICKMAN. Without 
employ competent officers, it ought not to make 
ter into the merits of this bill, it is suflic,icnt for 
innocent parties suffer for their incompetency. I 
me to say that 1 object to this kind of practice in 
ask W'hether it is just for the Government, after 
the House. r I'his bill was disposed of by the Ju- 
these sureties had paid in gold all that we de- 
diciary Committee, so far as that committee could 
mandcd of them, and after the principal has gone. 
dispose of it. And if the gentleman frorn New 
off, to come forward a year or two afterwards, 
ork, or any other gentleman, was dissatisfied 
and ask them to pay an additional sum? II strikes 
with thc action of that committec in the case, thc 
me that it is not; and therefore i concurred in the 
proper course, in my judgment, would have been 
report of the Post C)ffcc Committee, although I 
to have brought the matter before the House for 
do not doubt that as a legal proposition these par- 
the final action which they invoked. It is not 
ties are, of course, liable to the Government. 
necessary for me to designate the steps taken in 
Mr. PALM FIR. The gentleman from Indiana 
transferring the jurisdiction of the case to another 
says something about personal and political con- 
committee in this House as surreptitious; it is 
siderations, as though he supposed such consid- 
enough to say they were new, unusual, and unfhir. 
erations influenced me in my course in regard to 
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is no bill of a private 
this bill. 
nature, which has corne before the Judiciary for 
Mr. COLFAX. Not at all. 
their consideration, which has received more de- 
Mr. PALMER. 1 know nothing of the per- 
liberation or careful investiffation than this very 
sonnet or the politics of the claimants in this bill, i 
It. has been considered, according to my 
nor do I •vant to knosv anything about them. 'l'o 
recollection, at least three or four times upon the 
noe, it is enough to know that, in my judgment, 
application of thc gentlemen thcrnselves who arc 
this claim is unjust and illegal. The Judiciary 
interested in this bill, and in every instance it was 
Committee, the proper tribunal before which the 
disposed of adversely to their prayer. Tbc bill 
claim should properly come, have reported that 
has been taken from thc Speaker's table, as I arn 
it is unjust and illegal. 
i now told, under the pretext—or, ifthat be too harsh 
Mr. Speaker, there are hundreds and thousands 
u word, under the allegation—that new evidence 
of claims coming before the House which arc, be- 
has bccn discovered which will go to the relief of 
yond all question, Ineritorious m their character, 
against which noman can raise any objection what- the petitioners. YVhat the nature of that newly- 
! I discovered evidence may be, the gentleman from 
ever; yet they cannot obtain the ear of the House 
New York [Mr. COCHRANE] has not condescended 
at all; while we find this bill, surreptitiously smug- 
to inform us. Nay, I think he has admitted, this 
gled from the. proper committee to which it had 
and brought up here in advance of the hundreds? II Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the gentleman 
and thousands of just and legal claims now pend- will permit me, I will say that I did not state the 
ino on your Calendar, but wliich cannot be passed nature of the newly-discovered evidence, for thc 
j reason that I was not then, and am not now, 
because the House has not time for their consid- 
eration. Sir, I call the yeas arid nays upon the aware of its nature. I stated, rnost distinctly, that 
If it is to pass, I want my II I received it upon the credibility of thc gentleman 
passage of the bill. 
who informed me. 
vote recorded against it; and if other gentlemen 
arc in favor of pawing such a bill as this, und Mr. HICKMAN. Then, Mr. Speaker, no new 
evidence hag been discovered, and the case stands 
at this moment precisely as itastood -when- it-,was 
considered these different times by the Judiciary 
Committee, and received the judgment of thgt 
committee. 
I do not speak of my own X)pinion, 
but in the judgment of that 
might say, perhaps, in the *View of each indivi& 
ual member of the committee—it was a case enw 
tirely devoid of all -merit, without legal defense and 
standing, devoid of equity. I say-this case, hav- 
ing been over and over again before the Commit- 
tee on the JUdiciary, is brought up in violation 
of all the proper precedents of this House, and 
put before another committee, because the per- 
sons favorable to the bill knew beforehand what 
the action of that committee would be upon the 
claim. I do not state this recklessly; because our 
committee were implored, time and again, when 
these different actions were had upon the claim, 
to report it back to the House, and have it re- 
ferrcd to the Committee .on the Post Office and 
Post Roads, because they would reportfavorably 
upon the bill. 
Now, sir, if that is to be the standard.of legis- 
lation in this House upon private bills, all thatis 
necessary to do is to find some committee which 
will report favorably upon them, and then pass 
them through the House. Sir, I enter my decided 
protest against this manner of doing business. 
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex- 
pired, and the special order being the report of the 
committee of thirty-three 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
I ask the House 
to indulge me in reply to the gentleman who was 
last upon the floor. 
He has aspersed the com- 
mittee of which I am a member. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have an 
opportunity in the morning. 
Mr. SPINNER. Is not this private bill day? 
The SPEAKER. The Chan• supposes the 
special order will override thc general order of the 
day, which is the consideration of private bills. 
The special order was made by a two-thirds vote, 
and does not except private bill days. 
I must again ask 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
the indulgence of the House for two or three min- 
utes, to reply to the gentleman from Pennsyl- 
vania, who has made u charge. against my com- 
mittee. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 object. 
REUBEN ROWLEY. 
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, reported back 
the claim of Reuben Rowley, and moved that it 
be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary 
Pensions. 
It was so ordcrcd. 
SOLDIERS AT FORT SUMTER. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 ask the unanimous consent 
of the House to report, from the Committee on 
Military Affairs, a bill for the relief of the soldiers 
at Fort Sumter, and that it bc printed and recom- 
mitted to the committee. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 hope that 
the regular order of business will bc Observed. 
SPEAKER. The Chair has already stated 
that the regular order of business is the special 
order, being the report of the select committee 
of thirty-three. 'That is the question now before 
the House; and the gentleman from Tennessee 
[Mr. NELSON] is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. NELSON. I have consented to yield the 
floor for five minutes to the gentleman from Mis- 
souri, [Mr. CRAIG',] but will not yield to any 
other person. 
Mr. STEVENS, ofPennsylvania. 1 object to 
the gentleman 's yielding to anybody. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Gentlemen on the 
other side are willing, then, to let slander go out 
against one of tho standing committees of the, 
House unrebuked—without an opportunity af- 
förded for even a brief dcfcnsc of the committee. 
I want the cure to go out with the poison. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot pro- 
coed, objection being made. 
MESSAGE FROM TliF. SENATE. 
A rnessao•e was received from the Senate, by 
onc of its clerks, Mr. PATTON, informing the 
I-louse that that body had passed an act (R. R. 
't No. 507) authorizing the Secretary of the Interior 
to issue a land warrant to Daniel Davis; and an 
act (H. R. No. 724) for the relief of Sampson 
Stanfill, without amendment; and 
