564 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 25, 
An act (H. R. No. 132) to remove the United 
States arsenal from the city of St. Louis, and to 
provide for the sale of the lands on which the same 
IS located; and a joint resolution (H. -R. No. 43) 
giving the assent ofCongt•ess to certain acts passed , 
or to be passed, by the Legislatures of the States 
of Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas, or any two 
of them, in relation to the. raft of Red river, and 
for other purposes; severally, with amendments, 
in Which he was directed to ask the concurrence 
of the House. 
Also, informing the House that the President 
had. notified that body that he had approved and 
signed bills of the following titles: 
An act (S. No. 376) for the relief of Major Ben- 
jamin Alvord, paymaster United States Army; 
and an act (S. No. 398) for the relief of Samuel 
R. Franklin. 
CRISIS. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten- 
nessee [Mr. NELSON] is entitled to the floor on 
the special order; and he will now proceed with 
his remarks. 
Mr. NELSON addressed the House for an hour. 
[His speech will be published in the Appendix.] 
Mr. LEAKE obtained the floor. 
Mr. GROW. I think the gentleman 's time has 
not expired. He, has been interrupted. 
The SPEAKER pro The Chair 
allowed the gentleman five minutes' extension of 
time. 
Mr. GROW. I think he has been interrupted 
more than that. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman 
does not claim any more time. 
Mr. CURTIS. 'l"he gentleman will claim it, 
if it is accorded to him. I ask thut he may have 
ten minutes :nore. 
Mr. VALLANDIGI-IAM. 1 think the 
ruptions extel)ded over more than ten minutes. 
'l'he SPEA K ER pro tetnpore. 
'I'he gentleman 
will proceed, if therc bc ho ob.joction. 
Mr. NELSON. I had intended 10 address the 
House some little tirnc longer; but I will not press 
my remarks upon the House at this tipnc. 
while I thank tltose gentlemen who have been 
willing to accord Inc the privile(re of proceeding, 
I will fore(V0 making those remarks I so rnucll 
desired to rnake in regard to the preservation of' 
the Union of the States 
Mr. LEAK E. We have fallen upon evil t.imps. 
But yesterday, as it were, and there was not a 
solitary gcntleman, a membcr of this I:louse, 
not a citizen of the then United States of Amer- 
ica, who could not have boasted that, in the face 
of the world, he belonged to a country whose flag 
••.vas an ample guarantee of all his rights; and 
that, in all sections of the world, that flag carried 
with it a passport to respect in the eyes oi' ull for- 
eign officials. But yesterday, and our country was 
floatino• in the fi_lll tide of successful oxperirnent. 
In all branches its industry, it was unusually 
prosperous and extraordinarily happy. 'l'hcre 
ken could see, to 
was nothing, as far as lit.unan 
mar thc prospect which a brilliant fature seemed 
to of-ün• to the history of this Treat and this glo- 
But w, Mr. Speaker, 
rious country. 
changed the picture! We tu•e no longer s 
upon this great ocean of prosperity to a ha ven of 
successful repose and an eminent prosperity. We 
aro involved in the horrors of a revoltition, and 
civil convulsion, which, whatever may bc its re- 
sult, portends mischief, permanent, enduring, 
and irrenarable, to onc seet10\'l or the other, or to 
one of the many sections of' this glorious Confed- 
eracy. 
It becomes us, then, surrounded by these diffl- 
culties, to pause, in order t') inquire, for a gingko 
moment at least, why it is that this blicrht has so 
suddenly come, over ull the [_n•ospects this coun- 
try; that we should pause to inquire, for a mo- 
ment, whatcauscs are we to look to for results so 
unexpected but a brief year since ? 
I know we 
shall in the diftorent sections of the Con- 
federacy. I kilow welk that, on the onc section or 
{he other will be charged the evils which have 
(alien upon us. know-well that that evil is upon 
us; and for 
one, accepting it as a fact, 
and deali rig with it as whoever may be to ] 
Bat whence comes it? I cannot say, nor 
bla Itie. 
can any man upon t his floor; 
of' ali can ail y 
party of this Höuse, 
me tn oi 
or of this countr.y, r_h.'3t ho. has not. had pre- 
alt its fury upon the devoted head of this country. 
Warning upon warning has bcen given. States- 
man after statesman, for lorig years; has raised 
his voice and told you that there were dangers, 
deep, serious, and irreparable, ahead, which, if 
not warded off, would ultimately result in pre- 
cisely the state of things which we are now' in. 
They havc been unheeded. 'The Republican 
party—that party which has lately swept into 
power, overriding all that was dear and sacred in 
the Constitution , the laws, and history—that party 
has seen the breakers ahead for long years past; 
nay, more, not only did these breakers lift their 
heads above the surrounding waters, but we, of 
the South, had erected Our light-houses to warn 
you of the dangers. You heeded not the warn- 
ino, you headed your ship upon the rocks; and 
now, when the old ship of State has gone to picccs 
upon the rocks, and is floating in broken fragments 
upon the dread ocean of opinion, you de- 
mand that we shall gather them up, and recon- 
struct her in all her fair and majestic proportions. 
Sir, it cannot be done. You have wrecked the 
ship, and you are entitled to no salvage; at least, 
we of the South are unwilling to pay it. 
Now, sir, upon what ground is it that I come to 
this conclusion? Mr. Speaker, there have been 
crimination and rccrimination upon all sides of this 
Hall. - Gentlemen from the non-slaveholding 
States have charged upon the Sout.h that we are 
the cause of all the mischief which has come upon 
us. We, of the South, have charged back upon 
them that the true source of all the evil is in the 
very organization which now constitutes the dom- 
inant party of this country, so far as thc popular 
will seems to be concerned. Where lies the truth? 
Sirs, our Government, in its earlier, its purer, its 
happier, and its better days, did encounter ques- 
tions which wore in conflict with the very insti- 
tutions under which we live, and which it was 
necessary to settle in order to secure the peace, 
the prosperity, and the happilless of the country. 
We had the alien and sedition laws; we had the 
question ofwar with Great Britain ,whcn one whole 
section arrayed itself against the Union; we had 
the tariff acts of 1828 and 1833. All those ques- 
tions we settled; not, perhal)s, in the manner 
which ID y conscience approved; and yet, they 
were so settled as to secure the peace, If' not the 
prosperity of the country. Whence sprung this 
difficulty? Where was its From 1788 
down to 1819—20, l,ve had no controversy upon 
this subject of slavery. 'There was no serious 
difficulty. It is very true that, in 1797, a member 
from Massachusetts proposed to restrict slavery 
in the r I'erritory of Mississippi; but another mem- 
ber, long since gone to his reward, (Mr. Otis,) 
opposed it; and t.t')e proposition was rejected. We 
had no serious difficulty, I repeat, until Missouri 
applied for admission into the Confederacy, as a 
free, soveroicrn,and equal member of this glorious 
How, tl'ien, did this difficulty 
ealaxy of Slates. 
Sir, let me premise, at this point, by saying— 
what has often been said upon this floor as a part 
of the history of the country, and is therefore not 
to bc controverted—that, at thc formation of this 
Government, every Slate but one was a slavehold- 
ing State; and that, at the time of the Declaration 
of Independcnce, every State was a slaveholding 
Stale. And yet, in 1820, owing to the magna- 
iiheralily of the. South, and particn- 
nimity and 
larly of Virginia, you had gathered strength 
enough upon the floor of this very body to in- 
terpo.sc a restriction, not only upon southern 
rights, but equally upon the rights of sovereion 
States which mieht thereafter bé admitted into the 
Union, Mr, Jefferson declared that the " N'J.is- 
souri restriction came upon him like a fire-bell in 
the dead of night" 
language expressive of the 
profound peace, calm, and re ose in which tho 
country then was, when the orth sprang this 
question of ill omen upon the people of the South. 
'Chere is the source of all the mischief under 
which this country now labors. 
Sir, my colleague from the Norfolk district, [Mr. 
MILL SON,] whom -I do not see no sv in his seat, 
declared, ill the able and eloquent speech which 
hc delivered two or three days since, that every 
question between the North and the South hall 
been settled in favor of thc South; although, ho 
added, that while we got the princip}e, they got 
, tl:e sn_lbstance. My friend from Missouri, 
shadow. We got the principle? When did we get 
it? in the Missouri question? know that when 
it was proposed to interpose an anti-slavery qual- 
ification as a condition of the admission of Mis- 
souri, it was compromised. But how compro- 
mised? By agreeing to draw an imaginary line 
through the then territory of the United States, 
and positively prohibiting slavery in all that part 
of the territory north of that line, while that part 
south might come in with or without slavery, as 
the people of the Territory themselves might pre- 
scribe when they applied for admission Into the 
Union. How was that controversy settled in fa- 
vor of the South? On the contrary, it was, as I 
said just now, the source ofall the ills under which 
I this country -labors. It was settled against the 
South; because then the right of Congress to in- 
terdict slavery in the Territories •was conceded by 
an act of this body. You assumed jurisdiction 
over the question at that time , and have recognized 
it since, whenever it has been necessary, in your 
opinion, to exercise it. 
But, Mr. Speaker, I appeal to my colleague 
again upon a point on which I am inclined to 
think he will agree ',vith me •when he understands 
what I mean. I am willing to take this question 
upon his own basis, and to argue it upon the 
idea that, so far as the action of this Government 
is concerned, every question has been settled in 
favor of the South; and I am forced to come to a 
conclusion diametrically opposite to the one at 
which my distinguished and respected colleague 
arrived in his argument. Admit that we have all 
the guarantees that the Constitution can give us, 
and that we have settled cvery controvérsy that 
has risen, so far as this Government can settle it, 
in favor of the South: and yet we know that the 
South is now the oppressed section, and that we 
have not derived one solitary jot or tittle of ben- 
efit from the settlements of which my. colleague 
so proudly boasts. The question has been settled 
practically and morally against us. The Govern- 
ment has utterly failed in thc great end and object 
of its creation; and the southern people have Been 
entirely deprived of those rights which know 
my colleague wants, which I want, and which the 
II has failed—utterly iüiled; 
South demands. 
your legislation is worthless; your compromises 
are not worth tho paper upon which they are 
written. 1 repeat, that the experiment isa fåilure; 
and when the people of my section of this cöun- 
try wish to derive adequate protection for their 
rights from the Government and the Constitution, 
and the laws made in pursuance thereof, then, s:r, 
Virginia holds the remedy in the hollow of her 
hand; and I tell you that she will apply it in the 
manner she ma deem best for her own good. 
Mr. MILL". Will my colleague allow me 
to interrupt him ? 
Mr. LEAKE. Certainly, sir. 
Mr. MILLSON. ••.vant to correct an error. 
He is answering an argument i never made. I 
never did say that every question had becn set- 
tled in favor of the South. I said that the present 
territorial question, involving the right to carry 
slaves into the Territories, had been settled in 
favor of the South; settled by the repeal of the 
Missouri restriction, to which my colleague has 
referred'; settled by the Constitution and by the 
Supremc Court; and if we have derived no benefit 
from it, it is only because we have no slaves to 
carry into the 'Territories, and no territory suita- 
ble for them. 
Mr. LEAKE. I think that if my colleague 
will read the written report of his speech, which 
I read very carefully last night—and I may say 
that I heard every word he uttered—he will find 
there excuses for the misapprehension (for I 
doubt not there is misapprehension) into which 
I have fallen. 
I. know he will not suspect me of 
a disposition to misrepresent him. 
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly not. 
Mr. LEAKE. The argument comes back to 
the same point; but I must pass rapidly from it, 
because I have other matters to deal with. Let 
me say here that it strikes me that this whole con- 
troversy is even now not weli understood by the 
people of either section of the country. I know 
wrell that certain legislation on the part of northern 
States is constantly referred to, and certain action 
upon the part of this Government; and I know 
also that the question has been aoain and acrain 
asked—a question which v.ras ariswered in his 
moni!ions of Ibo which hug now burst in gays we got the It was less than the h wruy by mv colleague from the Norfolk district— 
