566 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 25, 
The fact that young Brown and Mirriam were not 
in Virginia when it is -alleged they committed the 
crime, is admitted. They were and had been in 
Ohio. Their alleged presence is merely a con- 
structive presence. The evidence was, that they 
had never left the soil of Ohio. Sir, this claim 
of constructive presence, when attempted to be 
carried out as in this case, is one of the most in- 
human and barbarous practices that ever was ori- 
ginated. There is not a civilized code in the world 
that would recognize the right of a State to pun- 
ish a man for a crime not committed within its 
jurisdiction, the person himself never having been 
within its jurisdiction. No State would allow a 
man to be punished outside of its jurisdiction, if 
the crime was committed within it. Yet, this is 
the very case about xxvhich so much trouble has 
been made. 
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 desire to ask the gentle- 
man from Ohio this question: whether thcrc was 
not, in the case referred to, accompanying tho in- 
dictmcnt, the affdavit of Andrew Hunter and 
others, of the county of .Tefferson, in the Statc of 
Virginia, swearing that these two men for whom 
the requisition was given were at Harper's Ferry 
at the time John Brown invaded the State of Vir- 
ginia ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not think so. 
Mr. COX. That was the fact. 
Mr. CLEMENS. Yes, sir; there accompanied 
that indictment the affidavits of the prosecuting 
attorney of Virginia for the county of Jefferson, 
and of others, that these men '.,vere at Harper's 
Ferry at the time of the John Brown raid. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Then 1 can only say that 
the affidavit was certainly untrue, because It was 
admitted on all hands that these men had not been 
within the jurisdictiön of Virginia. 
Mr. FOÜKE. If the gentleman will me, 
I will stale riffht here that I have before me the 
statute governyng the case under which this requi- 
sition was draWn, by which it appears that all 
that is necessary is to present a certified copy of 
the indictment, or an affidavit taken before some 
court of competent jurisdiction in the State from 
which the fugitive has escaped, to require the sur- 
render of the Tugi tivc from justice by the Governor 
of the State to which he has escaped. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Onc remark. Ide- 
sire to say that Virginia shall have no cause to 
dissolve the Union in regard to thc surrender of 
I will only repeat what I 
fugitives from justice. 
stud the other • day: that when a citizen of Ohio 
goes into t.he State of Virginia, that citizen must 
obey the laws, and even the police regulations of 
Virginia; but I, for one, am not williåg to sec 
citizens of Ohio carried out of their own State, 
charged with constructive presence and construc- 
tive crimes wit.hin the jurisdiction of another 
If a citizen of one Stat.c goes into another, 
State. 
he must obey the laws; and if he violates them, 
he ought to bc punished. 
Mr. COX. I am very glad this discussion has 
arisen, because I believe it has shown that there 
will be considerable unanilüity on both sides of 
the House in voting for one of the propositions 
I was about 
of the committee of thirty-three. 
to remark that the act of Congress only provided 
for a copy of the indictment to accompany the 
requisition, or, as an alternative, for an affidavit 
In the Iowa casc, there was 
to accompany it. 
an affidavit; m this case there was a copy of the 
indictment; and I am assured, and I assure gen- 
tlemen of the fact, that these rnen were actually, 
not constructively, in the State of Virginia. How 
any other evidence got before the Executive ofthc 
State of Ohio, do not know. This discussion 
tends to bring these things to light, and to provide 
a remedy for such difficulties in future. I believe 
there was cause of complaint on the part of Vir- 
ginia arrainst Ohio. For one, I am for a retnedy; 
and I am glad that my colleague is also for a 
remedy. 
Mr. LEAKE. Mr. Speaker, 1 have only two 
replies to rnake to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. i 
SHERMAN.] One is simply to read the first section I 
of the statute upon this subiect, which I will now 
proceed to do, and show yau that I have the law 
and the testimony upon my side: 
s' Be it enacted, $•c., That whenever the executive author- 
ity of' aii.v State in the (Jnion, or of either of the Territories 
northwest or sont.h of the river Ohio, shall demand any per- 
son as a fugitive fi•om justice, of the executive authority of E 
any State ot •rerritory to "'hie.tl such person shall have 
fou%d, or an affidavit madc before a magistrate of any State 
or Territory aforesaid, charging the person so demanded 
with having counnitted treason, felony, or othcr crilne, cer- 
tified as• authentic by the Governor or chief Inagistrate of i 
the State or 'Ilerritory from whence the person so charged 
fled, it shall be the duty of the executive authority of l.he 
State or Territory to which such person shall have fled, to 
cause him or her to be arrested and secured; and notice of 
the arrest to be given to the exccutive authority making 
such demand, or to the agent of such authority appointed 
to receive the fugitive, and to cause the fugitive to be de- 
livered to such agent when he shall appear: but if no such 
agent shall appear within fix months from the time of the 
arrest, the prisoner may bc discharged. And all costs or 
expenses incurred in the apprehending, securing, and trans- 
mitting such fugitive to the. State or Territory making such 
demand, shall be paid by such State or Territory." 
Now, sir, I say, that it appears that a certified 
copy of the indictment was presented. But I 
have anot.her reply to make to the gentleman from 
Ohio, to which I invite his cspecial attention. I 
understand him to take the position—and I do not 
undertake to arcrue this point, for I was mcrcly 
putting together certain fåcts as the basis of the 
conclusion I arn trying to get to—I invite his at- 
tention to this consideratiori. He thinks that these 
men must, undoubtedly, have bccn in Virginia 
where the crime was perpetrated, before the Gov- 
ernor of Virginia would be authorized to make a 
requisition on the Governor of Ohio to deliver the 
men up. I demand of that gentleman, if he means 
to state that a man in the State of Ohio may plot 
the murder of a family in Virginia by poison, may 
procure that poison himself, send by his agent to 
Virginia, and adfninistcr it to the family, whereby 
the death of all takes place. Does he dare say 
that, under the comity of the Statos and the laws 
of the United States, that man in Ohio is not to be 
delivered up to Virginia to answer for his offense? 
Mr. SHERMAN. I take pleasure in saying 
that, in such a case as that, Ohio would punish 
the miscreant who should dare conspire against 
the life of any yuan in Virginia. 
Mr. LEAK E. I would to God that Ohio 
would punisl'k her miscreants; but when we have 
upon our own record the evidence that two crim- 
inals concerned in the Harper's Ferry raid , prilna 
facic evidence, at least, and suffcient for all the 
not desire now, to do injustice to the Governor of 
the State of Iowa, or tlie Governor of any other 
State, notwithstanding he may not care to know 
the name of the Governor of Iowa. He proposes, 
as I understand him, to refer to Iowa in connec- 
ti012 with a casc similar to that which he has stated 
against the Stato of Ohio. If he will permit me, 
I wish to state at the threshold of his remarks, 
before he may be betrayed into a mistaken theory 
of the case he proposes to bring forward, what I 
understand to be the real facts involved. 
Mr. LEAKE. Why, my dear sir, 1 have not 
stated the faets of the case myself yet, and I would 
like to know how the gentleman can correct w.hat 
If I misun- 
has not yet been said. [Laughter. 
deretand or misrepresent the facts, promise the 
gentleman cheerfully to yield to him to make 
whatever correction may be necessary. The House 
know that have never denied the privilege to any 
I memberduring U)eprogress of any remarks I may 
have submitted of making an explanation, and I 
never will. I utterly abhor the hour rule, because 
it destroys the legitimate ends and objects of debate 
on this,floor. 
I was about to say this: that on a requisition 
from the State of Virginia, the Governor of the 
State of Iowa refused in a similar manner to the 
Governor of the State of Ohio. His refusal was 
based upon the merest, meanest, most 
and contemptible technicality—a tech nicality such 
as even a petifogger in a county court would not 
rest a case upon. He alleged some informality 
in the authentication of the affidavit, and then 
gavc the criminal notice " to escape for his life— 
to tarry not in all the plain, but flee to the mount- 
the Governor of Virginia could 
provide a remedy. 
Mr. VANDEVER. lunderstand that the gen- 
tleman charges against the Governor of Iowa that 
he refused to surrender a criminal upon the mere 
pretext that the affidavit made before the notary 
public was not duly authenticated. I admit that 
that was one of the reasons asSigned. Whether 
it is frivolous or not, it is for this House and the 
1 believe it is admitted by every 
world to judge. 
purposes of the Constitution and laws, who have lawyer that the manner in which a notary public 
been by the action of that State shielded from 
the gentleman will pardon me if, 
punishment, 
after that, we have some hesitation in trustino• 
the State of Ohio. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 with the 
gentleman from the Mansfield district of my State, 
[Mr. SHERMAN,] that Ohio would punish, and 
the miscreant who would bc 
severely punish, 
guilty of the offense to which he has alluded; but 
it is true, also, that the Republican party of Ohio, 
in the Senate, did last winter vote down the bill 
drawn up by the most eminent lawyer of the State 
to punish parties to just such conspiracies. 
Mr. MAY.NARD. If my friend will permit 
1110 , I wili give nn example, illustrating the posi- 
tion whie.h"he has taken. 
I yield to the gentleman, with 
Mr. LEAKE 
the understanding that the time he takes up shall 
be allowed rne. [Cries of " Agreed ! "J 
Mr. MAYNARD. A band of miscreants con- 
spired to go over into Virginia a fcwr years since, 
to rob a poor widow of a fev•.r hundred dollars of 
Inoncy, the price of a small piccc of land—all the 
property she had. A portion of thcln went over, 
perpetrated the crime, crot the Inonoy, and brought 
It with them into Tennessee. 'lthey divided it 
among themselves. The larger and more guilty 
portion had never been in the State of Virginia at 
all; and yet, I need not say that upon the de- 
mand of Virginia they were all promptly surren- 
dered up for punishment to that State. 
Mr. LEA K E. Of course, we all know that 
Tennessee has done and will do her duty. 
Let us pass fora moment to the State of Iowa. 
I must pause one instant to remind the House why 
it is that I indulffe in this course of remarks. 
want to show you, Mr. Spcaker, and the House, 
what underlies the controversy now going on. 
'I'he Governor of the State of Iowa—I forget his 
name, and I would not know it for one dollar—the 
Governor of the State of Iowa— 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 will ask the gentleman 
to yield to me for a moment. 
I will yield to the gentleman, 
Mr. LEAKE. 
of course, if I havo misrepresented him; but I 
i authenticates his acts is by his seal; and that, in 
the absence of his seal, there is no authentication 
If this is frivolous, t.hen let the gen- 
whatever. 
tlpman so regard it. Another reason assigned by 
the Governor of the. State of Iowa in reference to 
this matter was this: that the requisition was not 
accompanied by the copy of any indictment or 
by an aflidavit made beföre a magistrate. That 
may be involved in the first objection; but another 
and still more fatal objection existed in the fact 
that the affidavit which accompanied the requisi- 
tion of thc Governor of Virginia did not even 
indirectly charge that any had been com- 
mitted by the alleged crilninal within the jurisdic- 
tion of the State of Virginia. In that it was sim- 
ilar to the case of Ohio. The requisition was 
issued upon the affdavit of one Andrew Hunter, 
of the State of Virginia, representing, upon in- 
formation derived from persons in that State, who 
had been tried, convicted, and executed for the 
connnission of great crimes, that this man in Iowa 
had aided and abetted them. Aided and abettcd 
In tho State of Virginia? That 
them—where ? 
is not charged even inferentially. There is no 
charge that the man had committed any offense 
in the State of Virginia. 
The gentleman charges another thmg, and I do 
not know upon what authority he makes the dec- 
He charges that the Governor of Iowa 
gave the alleged criminal notice, so that he might 
escape, Now Governor Kirkwood has himself 
expressly decltred that he gave no such notice 
whatever; but it has been ascertained, beyond 
the possibility of a doubt, that the messenger sent 
with the requisition from the Governor of Vir- 
ginia into Iowa, himself voluntarily gave inform- 
ation publicly in regard to the nature of his errand. 
He did that, sir, before he stated his mission to 
the Governor of Iowa. 
Mr. LEAK E. I do not want to take the floor 
from the gentleman. I have yielded it to him, and 
now ask him to permit me to make a statement, 
that it may go in connection with the statement he 
has just made. Does not thegentleman know that, 
wbcn the Governor of Virginia made the requisi- 
tion upon the Governor of Iowa, the Governor Of 
am not n ware that I have referred to him at all. 
I have no doubt the gen- Iowa published his letter in reply to Governor 
Mr. VANDEVER. 
Letcher before sending that reply to the latter ? 
tleman Vircrinia has not desired, arid does; 
fled. and shall rnnrcovor produce the copy of an indie0nQnt 
