568 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 25, 
miners of the Black Republican party, and pre- 
pared the way for that tremendous organization 
which has at last marched into power, strewing 
its pathway with the broken columns and crum- 
bling piHars of the Union. This sectional party 
has got into power. You have the control of this 
Government. Your organization is based upon 
tlie one idea of hostility to the South and to her 
institutionS. But, being forewarned, we should 
be worse than fools not to be forearmed. We 
are armed; and if there shall be any mad attempt 
to coerce.us, may God defend the right! But we 
want ho war or bloodshed. You have got the 
coritröl of the Government; you have won your 
victory; but I yarn you now that upon the 4th of 
March next, instead of inaugurating the President 
of mighty Republic, you will instal a miserable 
king of shreds and patches; and when installed, 
instead of standing like a conqueror exultant upon 
the field of his victory, he x,vill sit like Caius Manus, 
brooding amid the ruins of Carthage. He will 
have exchanged the laurel for the cypress. 
stead of shouting 10 triumpe, you will chant your 
jeremiads. 
Mr. Speaker, time was when I looked forward to 
a continuance of this Union—this glorious Union 
us we Call it—as the only mcahs to preserve, to 
perpetuatc, to conserve the liberties of the great 
and imperious people of these States. I did think 
that the very mountains which grasp in their giant 
embrace the sister States of this Confederacy 
would to-day, in the eloquent and expressive IW1- 
guage of nature, have proclaimed, that what Göd 
himself had joined together should not be sun- 
dered by petty politicians. But, it has becndone; 
the ruin has been brought about; the mischief has 
been consummated, and upon your heads, as well 
as ours, bc tho conscquences. What is the rem- 
Ody? Sir, the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. 
NELSON,] if I understood him correctly, almost 
ridiculed the idea of secession. Did it occur to that 
amiable, most excellent, and talented gentleman, 
that in denying the right of secession 
Mr. NELSON. Will the gentlernan ffivc way 
to mc for a moment? 
Mr. LEAK E. I will, sir, if I can have my 
time extended. 
Mr. VAN WYCK. to that. 
Mr. NELSON. 1 gave way, 1 think, to the 
gentleman from Virginia, and it was not taken 
out of m time. 
Mr. L'%AKE. If it is anything personal, hc 
I yield to the 
shall have the rest of my time. 
•entleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. NELSON. I am obligcd to the gentleman 
from Virginia for his kindness in yielding the 
floor to me, and I Shull endeavor not to abuse his 
courtesy. What I have to say in regard to seces- 
Sion is this: it was condemned by Madison; it 
it has bccn repudi- 
was condemned by Jackson; 
uted by the fathers of thc Republic. The doc- 
trine of pcaceal)le secession is inconsistent with 
the Constitution, for the Constitution is in the 
nature of a partnership bctwccn equal States; and 
no one State has a right to destroy its obligati0i') 
without the consent the others. Mr. Howell 
Cobb,• if I am not mistaken, also sustains the 
doctrine which I have advocated hero to-day. 
Mr. LEAKE. Tho gentleman refers to the 
venerated name of Madison, whose bonos repose 
quietly within twenty-five rnilcs of rny own res- 
idence, but whose bones, I doubt not, would turn 
over in thc very grave at the pse now madc of 
his authority. His language has been m.totcd 
and again on the other side of the I-louse. 
Sir, Will do no injustice to the memory of that 
pure patriot. A belter ruan, a nobler statesman, 
this country has never produced. 
Mr. POTTLE obtained the floor. 
Mr. LEAKE. My is up. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The time of 
gentleman from Virginia has expired. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman from 
Virginia yielded to interrupti0i)s with the under- 
standing that the time occupied by those interrup- 
tions would be deducted from his hour. 
I would 
inquire if that deduction has been made? 
rrhe SPEAKER tempore. The 
frona Virginia has been allowed twenty-five min- 
utes extra time. His hour expired twenty-five 
minutes a(Y0. 
Mr. LEAKE. Will the House allow me ten . 
minutes more? I have voted to extend the time 
of every gentleman who has desired it. 
Mr. VANDEVER. I trust no gentleman on 
this side of the House will object. 
Mr. BURNETT. As gentleman only asks 
ten minutes, I hope there will be no objection to 
allowing him that time. 
The SPEAKER tempore. Docs the Chair 
hear any objection to the gentleman from Virginia 
proceeding ? 
Mr. POTTLE. I desire to say that I obtained 
the floor upon the condition that I should not 
yield it for an adjournment, bu•t should gp on 
to-night. The gentleman from Virginia will see, 
therefore, that I must either give way entirely, 
and abandon the purpose of. speaking, or go on 
now. 
Mr. LEAK E. I will agree that the gentleman 
shall havo the floor in the morning. will vote 
to adjourn for his accommodation. 
Mi•. POTTLE. That would be inconsistent 
with the understanding upon which I obtained the 
floor. 
The SPEAKER tempore. Theg tieman 
from New York will proceed. 
time like 
Mr. POTTLE.• Mr. Speaker, in 
this, when the foundations of the Government are 
shaken, and the spirit of revolution already em- 
braces so large a portion of our country, I shall 
try and avoid any and every cxpression calculated 
to add to the madness of the hour. But in speak- 
ing of the condition of the country, and •of the 
remedies brought before us to restore peace and 
harmony, I believe it to be the duty ofa member 
of Congress to speak frankly, and in no double or 
doubtful sense. The march of events which has 
brought the country to its present position has 
been so rapid thattherc is no Ume for dalliance with 
smooth words. Sternly, and with a full sense of 
the weight of his responsibility, each man no'.v 
takes his position, prepared to abide its conse- 
qucnces, whatever they may be.•. 
Five States have already, by their State author- 
ities, severed then• connection with the Govern- 
ment and declared themselves out of the Union. 
While active preparations are znaking by other 
States to follow their cxamplc, and the claim is 
daily put fbrward here that unless the members 
from the frec States shall offer terms which shall 
be acceptable to the southern or slave States, the 
example of secession x.vill , before the 4th of March, 
be followed by all of these States. Nor have thcse 
States stopped with the declaration of their seces- 
'i'hcse declarations have 
Sion from the Union. 
been followed, and ih some cases preceded, by 
armed defiance of the General Government. And 
overt acts of war, in the, closing of their ports to 
vessels bearin« our flag; in seizing thc property 
of the Government; in firing upon a vessel bear- 
irv troops and stores to a Government fort; and in 
the arrest and imprisonment of a citizen for trea- 
son because Imc remained faithful to thb Govern- 
ment of the United States, leave no doubt of the 
fact that, in open rebellion, they offer the plain 
and straigh tforward alternative of war or com- 
pliance with their 
Sir, I need hardly add, that citizens in this at- 
titudc, menacing the Government, with arms in 
thcir hands, seenl hardly t.o have lcft us in a posi- 
tion—considering our obligations, by our oaths, 
to snpport the Constitution of the United States— 
to choose as to our course of action. They would 
sccm fairly to have forced upon us the issuc of 
successful rebellion on their part, or on ours such 
a manifestation of the power of thc Government 
I as shall recall them to their allegiance, and coni- 
pel them to seek for redress of grievances in the 
ordinary way under the Constitution. 
But, waiving all questions as to the propriety of 
listenin(' to terms from those whose bayonets are 
leveled at our breasts, and whose cannon are 
threatening thc very Capitol in which we hold our 
deliberatiohs, I am willing to listen attentively to 
all the complaints they have to make, and vote 
for every redress to which they shall be enti- 
Before attempting to satisfy our southern breth- 
ren, we must first try and ascertain what these 
grievances are of which tl'ley complain. 
I have listened patiently from day to day; have 
read the debates of this House and of the Senate; 
and have also carefully rcad the reasons assigned 
by the seceding Statos for .these grievances; and 
it appears to me that they all unide substantially 
on one ground, and that was stated by the hon- 
orable member from Missouri [Mr. ANDERSON] 
in his speech the other day, in the following 
words, which I quote: 
My section of the UniOn has never asked nor demanded 
more than its constitutional rights. You surely do not en- 
we will surrender them at yout bidding. and thereby make 
ourselves inferiors in this Government. The majority of the 
people of the free States have presumptuously, to say the 
least of it, by the •election of Mr. Lincoln, with the indorse- 
ment of his views and principles, decided, as we believe, 
alterably determined that they will ; if not in the Union, 
then out of it." 
This, then, is the cause for breaking up a great 
and successful Government, ingulfing the for- 
tunes and lives of millions, and wiping out in 
blood the history of the most favored nation upon 
It rs all put into one little sentence: 
the globe. 
The majority of the people of the free States 
have presumptuously, to say the least of it," 
laid 
down their platform of principles, and elected a 
President. 
If this means that a majority of the people of 
the free States have been guilty of an infringe- 
ment upon theurights of thc South, because, in a 
peaceful and strictly constitutional manner, they 
elected a President from their own section, then 
the argumcntcomes su bstantially to this: the South 
will remain in the Union so long it is allowed 
to rule it; no longer. And the North will be con- 
sidered as conceding to it its constitutional rights, 
so long only as it consents to be thus governed. 
Even in this view, I think the gentleman upon 
reflection will agree that, one way or another, the 
South has had this right, with but few and brief 
interruptions, from the beginning of the Govern- 
ment until the present time. 
If the gentleman means, as I think he does, 
that there is something in the principles of the 
Republican party calculated to work a denial to 
the South of its rights, it would have been fair, as 
it certainly would have been moi•e satisfactory, if 
he had referred us to the dangerous plank in our 
platform. As he bases all his arguments upon 
matters growing out of the slavery question, I shall 
take it for granted that it must be found, if any- 
where, in that part of the creed of the Republican 
party which relates to that institution. As the 
four propositions contained in our platform upon 
that sukject are brief and explicit, I beo• leave to 
read them : 
That the maintenance, inviolaæ, of the rights of the 
States, and especially the right of each State to order and 
control its own domestic institutions according to its own 
judgment exckusively, is essential to that balance of power 
on which the perfection and endurance of our political fhb- 
ric depends; and we denounce the lawless invasion by 
armed force of the soil of any State or 'l'crritory, no matter 
under what pretext, as among the gravest of crimes. 
That the n•ew dogma that the Constitution of its own 
force carries slavery into any or all of the Territories of the 
United States, is a dangerous political heresy, at variance 
with the explicit provisions of that instrument itselt; with 
cotemporaneous exposition, and with legislative and judi- 
Cial precedent; is revolutionary in its tendency, and sub- 
versive of the peace and harmony of the country. 
That the normal condition of all the territory of the 
United States is that of freedom ; that as our republican 
fathers, when they had abolished slavery in all our •national 
territory, ordained that ' no person should bc deprived of 
lite, liberty, or property, without due process of law,' it 
becomes our duty, by legislation, ',vhcnever such legisla- 
tion is necessary, to maintain this proviSion of the Consti- 
tution against all atten)pts to violate it; and we deny the 
authority of Congress, ot• a 'Territorial Legislature, or of any 
individuals, to "ive legal existence to slavery in any 'Terri- 
tory of the United States. 
That We brand the recent reopening of the African 
slave trade, under the cover of our national flag, aided by 
perversions of judicial power, as a crilne against humanity, 
and a burning sharne to our country and age ; and we cail 
upon Congress to take prompt and efficient measures for 
the total and final suppression of that execrable traffic." 
That is all. The first, in favor of maintaining 
the rights of the States inviolate, and of preventimr 
invasion of or Territory. Second: that 
the dogma that the Constitution, of its own force, 
carries slavery into any Territory, is at variance 
with the Constitution, with cotemporaneous ex- 
position, and with legislative and judicial prece- 
dent. Third: that slavery not existing in a Ter- 
ritory by force of the Constitution, it is not in the 
power of Congress or of a Territorial Legislature 
to give legal existence to it there. Fourth; op- 
position to the reopening of the African slave 
t rade. 
The very head and front of our offending 
Hath this extent, no more." 
For the assertion of which of these is it that this 
Government is to be broken into hostile sections, 
and all the horrors of civil (perhaps servile) 
war superadded? 
