1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
569 
it cannot be because we maintain the rights of 
the States, or because we o ose the reopening of 
the African slave trade. r telieve the honoråble 
member as much in favor of the one and opposed 
to the other as any Republican can be. Nor do I 
think he will dispute what our platform asserts in 
regard to cotemporaneous construction of the Con- 
stitution, or of legislative and judicial precedent. 
But the gentleman says: 
'Phe Supreme Court of the United States—the ablest 
and most impartial tribunal known to the country—unin- 
fluenced by party clamor and party föeling, have decided 
that we have the right, under the Constitution, to go to all 
the Territories of the. United States with our slave prop. 
erty, and have it protected." 
And the charge IS, that we deny to them the 
In this he has 
right thus affirmed by the court. 
hardly stated fäirly the position of the Repub- 
lican party. We deny to no section an estab- 
Ushed right. What we do deny is, that any such 
right as that put forth by the gentleman has been 
established. W c say, first, that the court has not 
so decided; that, in the case referred to, it only 
decided that Dred Scott was, by the record, ad- 
milted to be of African descent, and, by the laws 
of the State Of Missouri, not a citizen of that 
State, and therefore not entitled to sue; and the 
causc was dismissed for want of jurisdiction. But 
we say, further, that, if what the court, after 
having thus dismissed the cause, took upon itself 
to say upon the constitutional question is to be 
taken as a part of its decision, still, it is at variance 
with contemporaneous c.onstruction, and lecrisla- 
tive and judicial precedent, and does not, there- 
fore, establish a right which is beyond question. 
But, sir, suppose t.his decision to have been all 
that the gentleman claims; what then? Are not the 
same judges still on the bench? Have we a ma- 
jority in either branch of Congress to excitc fears 
that we will attempt to override it by legislation ? 
No. But with every advantage upon the part of 
the South in sustaining this dictum of the court, 
and making it the established construction of the 
Constitution, gentlemen, speaking for States, say 
they can no longer stay in t•hc Union unless we 
will stop doubting the correctness of the court in 
this case. 
Surely, sir, nothing short of mental madness 
could lead to the conclusion that it was good 
ground for breaking up a Government, that there 
exists •among its.citizens differences of opinion 
upon constitutional questions; questions, too, 
upon which the decisions of the court have been 
by no means uniform. 
From a careful perusal ofthe speech ofmy friend , 
and of other speeches from his section, I have 
been forced to the conclusion that it is not the 
principles of the Republican party which are ob- 
jected to by our friends of the South so much as 
the belief which they hold that the great mass of 
the northern people believe that slavery is wrong. 
Sir, for one, I cannot deny that such is the opin- 
think a very 
ion of the nonhern people. 
majority of them do honestly, earnestly so think. 
Alid he must have read American history to little 
purpose who does not find that once that opinion 
was shared by nearly all of the leading men of 
I do not intend to quote the great 
the South. 
names of southern statesmen, either dead or liv- 
ing, who have expressed this opinion; for their 
opinions and great names seem now to have no 
influence and small respect in that section of the 
Union. 
The gentleman says that we of the North " are 
opposed to the institution of slavery; that we 
speak of it as a relic of barbarism." again say 
that I believe thegentleman fairly states the north- 
ern feeling. But i deny that, because such is our 
opinion and such our, feeling in rcgat•d to negro 
slavery, we want to deny to any State absolute 
control of its domestic institutions, or its full 
rights under the Constitution. 
When this Constitution v.zas formed there was 
nothing expressed or implied that the citizens of 
the several States should surrender their opinions 
upon any subject to the General Government, 
What they diil agree was, to observe fuithfully 
all the reserved rights of the States; and I say 
to gentlemen of the South: we witl obsorvc your 
rights; but you cannot compel us to suppress our 
opinions, nor do I believe you will, by your pres- 
ent attitude, induce us to modify them in regard 
to slavery. You have a right, clearly, to insist 
that slavery in the States is a matter belonging 
exclusively to you, and to be left to manage it 
within State limits as you think best; you have 
the right, also, to expect, nay, to demand, a faith. 
ful observance on our part of that provision in the 
Constitution in relation to the rendition of " fugi- 
tives from service, 
I do not say that you have the right to avail 
yourselvcs of party power, and make a law pur- 
posety obnoxious and of doubtful constitutionality, 
even in the opinion of South Carolina statesmen 
and demand of us to execute it, with alacrity and 
with expressions of pleasure. Yet the presentlaw, 
subject as it is to both of these objections, and 
although r,orthern men feel the shame which you 
put upon them in thc execution of it "sting likea 
"—feel that you call upon them to do what 
wound 
gentlemen from the South would hardly do for 
themselves—wedo still execute with fidelity. Few 
State laws were ever executed with more, and 
none in my State which was repugnant to public 
sentiment was ever executed with so much, as this 
has been. And more than this, sir, the weight of 
public sentiment has always been , that, oppressive 
as the law is, and believed to be. quite as.effcient 
for kidnapping as for returning fugitives, it was 
better to execute it and trust to Congress and the 
mao•nanimity of the South to modify its more 
offensive features. And such I believe to have 
been the feeling generally in the other frcc States. 
No considerable body of men at the North have 
ever denied the right of the South to have such a 
fugitive slave law as the Constitution contem- 
plates, or that it should be faithfully executed. 
admit that occasionally there have been cases, like 
the " Jerry rescue case" in my own State, where 
the officers of the law havc been interfered with. 
But there is good reason to believe that for every 
slave rescued, two free negroes have bccn kid- 
napped under the law. If the law was what it 
should be, neither of these cases would occur 
again in New York; and if tbe committee of thirty- 
three have succeeded in making such recommend- 
ations as shall accomplish this purpose, they have 
to that extent done good service, and ought to be 
sustained. 
I know, sir, that two wrongs do not make a 
right, and that a disregard of the rights of one 
section is never atoned for by a corresponding dis- 
rcgard by the other section. But, Sir, while we 
are •talking of compromises," while we are, pre- 
paring to have all things put rightand everybody 
satisfied, would it not be well to inquire some- 
thing in regard to the observance of that portion 
of section two, article four, of the Constitution, 
which provides that " the citizens of each State 
shall be entitled to the privileges and innnunities 
of citizcns in the several States." Sir, is it ask- 
ing too much of gentlemen who speak so warmly 
of our faults, to sotnetimes think of our rights. 
Gent.ltnnen of the South talk of our aversion to 
negro slavery, of our personal liberty bills, (bills 
to prevent kidnapping,) and of the escape of an 
occasional fugitive slave, as things which arc sub- 
versive of their rights. But since, I havc been in 
Congress, do not remember to have ever heard 
them allude to southern statutes in derogation to 
northern rights; nor of the hanging, drowning, 
and scourging of northern men in the southern 
States, sill) l')ly because. they were norlhcrn men, 
holding principles in common with the. rnajority 
of northern men; nor of citizens of southern States 
driven from their States because they exercised 
the right which the Constitution gave them, of 
voting for whom they pleased. If a cataloguewcrc 
fairly made, I think it would be found that there 
were wrongs to be redressed on both sides. And, 
sir, I regret that the distinguished chairman of the 
committee of thirty-three did not, in his able re- 
port, make some allusion to facts like those re- 
ferred to—facts of world-wide notoriety. That 
report is ample in suggestions to guard southern 
rights; and to restrain the northern press and 
northern speech; but I have looked in vain through 
it for one single suff(Testion in defense of northern 
righ ts. 
As the, North seldom complains, perhaps the 
committee did not feel called upon to look in that 
direction, although I thilllc I am not mistaken in 
saying that a resolution calling their attention to 
this subject was referred to them. Upon- this 
point I have but a word more to say; and that is, 
that no compromise that does not look to the pro- 
tection of the rights of the citizens of all the Slates 
under the. Constitution, can receive,my Vote; and 
one that does, by whomsoever brought-forward, 
I will vote for. It is all•that is needed=to-day to 
give peace to the country. 
But, sir, the gentlemen from .Missouri makes 
another complaint. I quote again from his speech: 
Many 01' our slaves are,now impressed with tlje -idea 
that, after the inauguration ot Mr. Lingoln, they are,to be 
free. This impression 'nukes tl:cm restless and discon- 
tented; renders our homes our wives, and our cliildren 
unsafe. Surely no ratkona man expects us to liVe With 
such a state of things in our-midst. We cannot; we 
not. 
I can understand this; I can imagine something 
of the horrors of life when servile tour han%s over 
one's State, one's family, one's self. The sword 
of Damocles was nothing to a condition•like this. 
But, sir, who " impressed the minds of the slaves 
with the idea that after the inauguration of Lin- 
coln they were to be free ? ' ' Surely t.his was not 
occasioned by the " licentiousness of the press" 
spoken of in thc report of the committee; for slaves 
do not read, and if they did, the whole South ig 
as hermetically sealed against the northern press 
as the Barbary States ever were. Neither was- it 
the licentiousness of spccch on the, part of north- 
ern men; for you have long steadily refused them 
a hearing within your borders. No, gentlemen 
of the South, this 'was not our work, but your 
In your eacrerness to secure all the non- 
own. 
slaveholding votes In your States, and prevent the 
I spread of Republican principles there, you tra- 
duced us. instead of telling, or allowing us to tell, 
frankly to your people what were our principles, 
and thereby showing that we were as loyal to the 
Constitution, and as true to the rights of the sev- 
eral States as any party that ever existed in the 
Republic, you denounced us as Black Republi- 
cans; as Abolitionists as advocating social equal- 
ity with the negroes, and the mixing of the races; 
as armed with fire and sword against the rights 
of the South sand only waiting success in the elec- 
tion of out' President to march down to the south- 
ern States and make the white man subordinate 
to the black. Your servant behind your chair, as 
he waited at-your table; your field hand, as hc plied 
the hoe; and the loun«yer, aftcr work hours—with 
open ears took in your words, and, but half com- 
prehending them, yet fully alive to the fact that 
they were-of' freedom—freedom to him and to his 
race—spread them through your negro quarters, 
and over your plantations; and if the curse which 
you meant for us comes home upon yourselves, 
It will not be. the first instance of the kind, but 
only another instance of the vindication (if that 
" that those who want justice, must 
higher law, 
do it to others." 
Sir, I believe, before God, that the best guaran- 
tee which the South could have to-day for future 
safety would bc to frankly tell its citizens and its 
slaves that the aims and objects of the Republican 
party had been misunderstood and misrepresented ; 
that it has nothing to do with slavery in the States; 
that it intends to uphol(.uhe rights of every man 
and cvery State under the Constitution, so far-ras 
it has power so to do. Publish this truth—as truth 
it is—and in much less time than your 
compro- 
mise committee" has been deliberating how to 
perform impossibilities, you would find peace and 
prosperity returning to you again; and, instead 
of a broken Union and warlike preparations to 
imbrue our hands in each others' blood, we could 
again show the world that we were not only a 
(neat, but a united nation. Men, brethren of the 
gouth, this wrong has bcen one which you have 
brought upon yourselves; you have taken the 
path of wrong instead of that of right. And no 
committee, no congressional or constitutional 
compromise will ever make the former lead into 
I say it with ali deference, you must 
the latter. 
either retrace your steps or follow out the wrong 
to its bitter but inevitable consequences. 
The gentleman from Missouri asks us to amend 
I quote from his speech: 
the Constitution. 
now appeal to the Representatives of the non-slave- 
holding States to propose amendments to .the Constitution 
that will secure to the South her just and equal rights; that 
give to the country quiet and repose." 
Amend the Constitution to give to the slave- 
holding States their just and equal rights! Why, 
sir, is not this the Constitution made by your 
fathers as well as ours ? Was it not made by men 
who were nearly all slaveholders, and at a time 
