570 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 25, 
when all the States but one were slave States? 
And now, after more than three quarters of a cen• 
tury of domestic peace and unrivaled prosperity; 
increasing our population from four to 
million, extending our commerce to every sea, 
and making our namexespected by every people, 
we are told that unless we will change the Con- 
stitution which has wrought such results, ay, 
and change it, too, so as to make it more pro- 
slavery than slaveholders who were making it for 
slave States made it, all this prosperity shall melt 
away, and the great American Republic, " like the 
baseless fabric ofa dream dissolve into thin air, " 
or exi@t only for the purpose of illustrating the 
world's history with the red horrors of civil and 
servile war. 
Did you ask us not to take from you your rights 
•under this Constitution, then I could stand here 
and assure you of one, at least, who would heed 
I would defend your rights as my 
your request. 
own, and as I would my own. But never, sir, 
never, whilc I have a voice or a vote to protest 
against it, will I consent to a change ofthc Con- 
If you wring this 
stitution for such a purpose. 
compromise from the fears or the love of Union of 
the North, it will not bring you peace. 
It will 
only be. the beginning of violence. The Govern- 
mcnt once demoralized by yielding to menace 
what, in sober judgment, It had just refused at 
the ballot-box, every dissatisfied State or section 
would in turn threaten the Union, and right after 
righ t would be yielded ,until weakness and anarchy 
would at length co:npel us to change thc namc of 
Republic for the substance of a government strong 
•enough to protect itself against the clamor of 
jarring sections. 
But, sir, were, wo to submit to the people an 
amendment of the Constitu tion which '.vou Id satis- 
fy the gentleman from Missouri, would it satisfy 
all other demands, and bril')g peace? No. 
The Senator from Texas [Mr. WIGFALL] makes 
exactions far beyond the power o? uny utnend- 
ment, cven if you would allow him to draw it 
h i nugelf. 
And the honorable member frcnn tho 
State, [Mr. REAGAN,] in 
his speech the 
other day, said : 
all know that we cannot, and dare not, live in 
this Union, with ottr rights denied by the Republican party. 
Its ascendency is our destruction ; and, sir, its destruction 
this day is the only salvation the Union." 
well, sir, 
it would be asking much of great 
party, which had canvassed the country for six 
years, and finally received a verdict of indorse- 
ment for principles as well understood as any 
ever subjected to the ordeal of the ballot-box, to 
give up Its success, tind Iny its victorious banner 
at thc rect of the vanquished, submitting itself to 
utter destruction, its name never 
heard except 
when uttcrcd with scorn and contempt. 
But, although I have deemed it a privilege to 
contribute In y labors to tho success of this 
party, I would, fbr one constnnt, to all this, if' I 
lhought it would restore peace and prosperity to 
this distracted land. 
It 15 because believe the 
only chance of tho Urjion rests to-day u tbc 
principles of this party, it bccause I be ievo its 
only salvation (Icpcnds upon the lnain tenance of 
those principles, and that thc rights of all sections 
can only bc secured by administering the Gov• 
upon them, that I cannot consent to aid 
in the destruction of Republican party. But 
even the destruction of this party would not sat- 
isfy our southern bretl'lren, unless accompanied 
by guarantees that no other party should interfere 
with southern domination. The Senator from 
Alabama, [Mr. CLAY,] in a recent letter, says of 
the free States: 
Thev are the most bitter, relentless, and vindictive 
enernies we, have on earth." 
course, we cannot five under the same Government with 
these people, unless we could control it." 
Allow thc South to govern this country, and 
you would reach 'the real difficulty. And I respect- 
fülly submit to the compromisc committee that, 
un less their propositions will accomplish th is, they 
have failed, fear, to offer such a compromise or 
concession—for it is all on one side—as will be 
found satisfactory. 
1 
border slaves States than any and all others. 
looked upon it as inviting bids for terms upon 
which they would stay in the Union; and I think 
subsequent events have shown that they so un- 
derstood it; and no compromise man should feel 
disappointed at finding what they demand beyond 
his power to give. The only question now seems 
to be whether you can induce them to lower their 
demands. 
Sir, shall leave this whole matter to be settled 
by•those who opened proposals, and I wash my 
hands of all part or lot in the matter. I am ready 
to give any and all guarantees that are within our 
power that the constitutional righté of all sections 
shall bc obscrvcd, not merely in the letter, but in 
the spirit; also, I seek no evasion of them myself, 
nor do thepeople for whom I speak. W c havc been 
compromising for forty years, und what has it 
availed? Shall we contil')ue to try remedies that 
have only aggravated the disease? 
It is said, " if we vote against compromises, 
we vote for war.' 
I say no. We vote for peace; 
we want peace; we offer you your rights under 
the Constitution as it is—rights which secure you 
greater blessings than you will ever find under 
any other constitution or in any other union. 
And we beg of you, in God's name, to accept of 
peace now, while we can offer it. We beg of you, 
by; all the memories of the past, by all the hopes 
of the future, by your reverence for the memories 
of the dead, and your love of your children, to 
reconsider your hasty and rash resolves, and to 
unite with us (Pain, your hands around the Con- 
stitution of our country, and join in renewed 
oaths to maintain it forever. can even now, 
by our common devotion, wipe out or forget the 
stain which our broils have brought upon our 
flag. 
It is idle to shut our eyes to the fact that we are 
fast drifting beyond the point of reconciliation. 
It would be worse thun idle, it would bc cowardly, 
not to prepare to meet this question squarely. 
Let no dcccive himsclf with the idca that this 
Government will die and malco no si2n•," 
it will be l.)roken up and no struggle made to pre 
It is no summer cloud that hangs over 
serve it. 
us to-day. 'l"hcgentlcman from Texas [Mi. REA- 
G AN] tolls us that if war coines they " will show 
us how' bravc men can die." 
I do not doubt it; 
and I tell the gentleman, in reply, that he knows 
little of the North if he thinks the example wili 
be thrown away upon us. Sirs, you do injustice 
to our common ancestry if you doubt that we too 
can meet the shock of battle upon equal terms 
with you in this respect. Who doubts the cour- 
age of either section ? 
Surely we do not need to plunge the country in 
war to settle this question. Are we not the sons of 
those who, in t.hc old days, upon a hundred battle- 
fields, proved their common valor upon a common 
foe? Do not the bones of our brothers lie bleach- 
ir)g together upon the fron tier and upon the plains 
of Mexico? Nay, are not many of those among 
us who escaped death on those fields, and who not. 
only belong to both sections, but, whose vnior is 
the pride ofboth sections? But if war must come, 
we Inust meet it. And when thc roused millions 
shall once have been marshaled, and the havoc 
begun, thcrc will be slight care for t.he nice dis- 
tinctions in regard to State rights," or whether 
a " sovereign State can bc coerced;' 9 
the honor 
of that flag which never yet was lowered will be 
maint.ained, and the Government of the United 
States will, I trust, bc sustained, though millions 
should perish in thc conflict. 
My position, sir, first and last, is the Constitu- 
tion as it is, and a just and impartial enforcement 
of the. laws. 
When I say that in the event of h.var all nice 
distinctions in regard to State rights would be lost 
sight or, I speak o? it as a consequence, and not 
as a thing which would advise, either in peace 
or war. I do not think, as Government is 
constituted, it is either the province or tho right 
of the General Government to coerce, or in any 
manner interfere with States, as such. The al- 
legiancc due to the General Government is not 
that of States, but of the people of the United 
Sir, for one, I shall vote all propositions States; and it cither has the power to enforce 
changing the status of slavery under the Consti- I obedience of the people wrho constitute the Gov- 
I voted against the raising of the conunit- I 
tution. 
ernmcnt of the United States to all the laws of the 
tec; and bclicvc to-day that. movement has corE- United States, or it ceases to bc u Government. 
tributed rnore to the present excitement in the II And the arotunent that a State can absolve its cit- 
izens—citizens also of the United States—from 
their obligations to the General Government, is 
but another way of denying the existence of such 
Government. 
It looks to me like an absurdity to say that the 
General Government is bound in all events to pro- 
tect the ri•hts of its citizens but can in no event 
exact obedience from them to those laws when a 
State chooses to intervene. And I therefore re- 
peat, that I have no doubt, after all the ingenious• 
discussions in regard to State rights shall have 
been exhausted, the practical result will be, that 
the General Government will exact obedience to 
its laws from all its citizens, in whatever State 
they may be; and that coercion" of States, oi• 
interference with States, will only happen when 
a State shall attempt to place itself between the 
offender against law, and his Government. 
In the present attitude of the seceding States, 
such a conflict may be expected in every case 
where the General Government attempts to pun- 
ish an offender aoainst its laws within their bound- 
aries. And we are thus at once brought to the 
alternativeofadmittingthat these States have been 
successful in their revolution, and that their cit- 
izens are no longer citizens of the General Gov- 
ernment, or we arc compelled to attempt to enforce 
obedience to our laws. 
That we shall accept the first, and acquiesce in 
a peaceful separation of such States, few or many, 
as choose to withdraw from the Union, I do not 
expect. 
Whether such a course would be for the best, 
considering the diversity of our institutions, and 
the exasperated state of the public mind in the dif- 
ferent sections, if proper arrangements for bou nd- 
aries and intercourse between the sections thus 
divided could be agreed upon, or if we could 
know where to find a limit to secession , it is hardly 
worth white now to inquire. 
It is sufiicient to 
know that the tcmper of our people is such that 
these questions can never be settled peaceably. 
Their interests are so interwoven with every State 
and every section, that I am satisfied they will 
never consent to a dissolu tion of the Union of these 
States until years of conflict shall have severed 
these intorcsts, and fixed boundaries between us 
as hostile nations. 
And, sir, I wish I could add that I had good 
grounds to hope that these Swes would not com- 
pcl us to the othcr alternative of attempting to 
enforce obedience to our laws. But '•,vhen that 
attempt is rnadc—as madc it must be—I expect it 
will be made to the uttermostcxtcnt of the power 
and resources of the Government; and that the 
Government, at whatever cost, will enforce obe- 
dience to its laws, or break down in the attempt. 
Sir, we cannot escape this alternative. We 
may shrink from the horrors of civil war, as who 
does not? We may carry our imaginations for- 
v.,'ard until every State is seen drenched in blood, 
every business interest laid ill ruins, cities smoul- 
dcrincy in" ashes, widows and orphans filling the 
land with their wailings, and whole districts, once 
populous, the homes of happy millions, turned 
into deserts by the dernon of war; and yet we are 
compelled to come back to the some point. The 
citizens of this Govcrnment must yield obedience 
to the laws, or the Government must compel that 
obedience, even though all these shall 
become realities; even though we know they must 
become realities. 
Men of the South 9 why will you force this alter- 
native upon the Government) You have received 
every assurance which northern Representatives 
in Congress can give you, that every nonhern 
statute (if any such there be) which obstructs 
your constitutional rights shall be swept away. 
r he powers of the Government are so balanced 
that you can receive no injury at the hand of the 
incoming Administration ; and you have had every 
assurance that Illen can have or oive that none is 
intended. Should all these fail, will it not be time 
to make the attempt to break up such a Govern- 
ment as this, wlien the administration of Mr. 
Lincoln shall have evinced an intention of over- 
stepping the bounds of the Constitution? Should 
such an attempt ever be made, you would find 
thousands, yes, millions of northern men, who, 
shoulder to shoulder with you, would resist the 
attempt and vindicate not only your rights, but 
their own. 
But if, deaf to reason and to all the assurallces 
