1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
of your rights which we tender you, you will rush 
upon war—will compel the Government to enforce 
obedience to its laws—neither you nor history can 
place the responsibility for the consequences of 
such madness upon the free States. It will be all 
your own. 
And, after all, what is it that you propose to 
gain, even by a successful revolution? You leave 
us because we do not like your institution of sla- 
very. Do you think it will increase our love for 
it to make it the cause of destroying the Govern- 
ment, bankrupting our business, and slaughtering 
our pcoplc? These are not the incentives to love, 
but to fierce, uncompromising, unrelenting hatred 
—incentives which will lead to the determination 
to wipe out utterly and forever an institution 
which brings such evils upon us. That such is 
the expectation of those who seek the overthrow 
of slavery in the States will be seen by an extract 
which I read frotn a late address of Mr. Wendell 
Phillips, at Boston: 
Disunionisan is abolitionism. That is all I care for it. 
I care not forms of government, but for its essence. 
The music of disunion to mc is, that at its touch the slave 
breaks tort.h in jubilee. Disunion leaves God's natu 
laws to work out their solution. insurrection is the tyrant's 
Lct us stand out of God's way, and His divine laws 
check. 
will have free course. The ways of the Govcrnment are 
just as :nucll permeated with slavery as are those of (_)hina 
and Japan with idolatry." 
You complain that we do not return your fugi- 
I have already said that I believed 
tive slaves. 
the complaint substantially groundless; but if true, 
If war does not break the shackles 
what then? 
of every slave in the Government, do you expect, 
when we are your enemies and released from all 
obligations which the Constitution imposes upon 
us, that we shall voluntarily turn necrro-catchers 
for you? You cannot, you do not exiject this. 
What, then, are you to gain? You have answered 
this question many times here by replying, that 
you intended to gain your independence." 
dependence from whom? From . those who are 
ready at any and all times to shed thcir blood in 
your defcnse; from those oniy upon the face of 
God's earth who do or will guaranty protection 
to your institution of slavery. 
Mr. Speaker, I should, in common with millions 
in this country and elsewhere, hail the day when 
this subject of contention should no longer cxist 
among us; when we could with truth adopt the 
boast of England, and say that slaves could no 
longer breathe our atmosphere, and freedom, uni- 
versal freedom, in the broadest sense of our Dec- 
laration of Independence, be the right and condi- 
tion of every human being. But, sir, i love my 
country and have sworn to support its Constitu- 
tion, and will do it; and I have no sympathy in 
common with those who would seek a realization 
of universal freedom over the ruins of that Con- 
stitution. 
I am willing to takc the institutions of rny coun- 
try as I find them. Under them we have been 
prosperous and happy; and although the storm 
which threatens us seems charged with destruc- 
but trust that the Prov- 
tion, I wilk not despair, 
idence which has thus far watched over and pro- 
tccted us will still protect us, and that we shall 
continue one Government, one pcoplc, challcn«r- 
ing admiration and respect everywhere by the, 
working of our system of self-government. 
I havc heard It said here and elsewhere, by 
southern men, that tl'le North was divided; that 
there were thousands there who would take sides 
with the South against the Government. Do not 
North 
deceive yourselves upon this point. 
is to-day a unit—not against you, but for the en- 
forcement of the laws. 
If they have the power, as I think they have, . 
the flag which you have insulted will be vindi- 
cated; the property which you have wrested frorn 
withdraw that motion for a moment? I desire to 
ask the consent of the House to offer a fesolution. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 yield for that purpose. 
HOSTILE ORGANIZATION IN WASHINGTON. 
Mr. GROW. I ask leave to offer the following 
resolution: 
Resolved, That t.he select committee of five be instructed 
to inquire whether any secret organization hostile to the 
Government of the United States exists in the District of 
Columbia ; and it' so, whether any official or employé of the 
city of Washington, or any employés or officers of the Fed- 
cral Govermnent, in the executive or judicial departments, 
are members thereof." 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 must object to the 
duction of the resolution. The resolution may 
possibly be right in itself, but I would prefer to 
have it introduced when thcrc is a quorum pres- 
Mr. GROW. Very well; I will bring it up 
to-morrow. 
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes; bring it up then, and 
I will not object. 
Mr; BINGHAM. I renew my motion for an 
adjournment. 
The motion was agreed •to; and thereupon 
(at half past four o'clock, p. m.) the House 
adjourned . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
SATURDAY, J(tnuary 26, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by Rcv, J. G. BUTLER. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
AMANDA BATTS AND OTHERS. 
Mr. FENTON asked thc unanimous consent 
of the I-louse to discharge the Committee of the 
Whole House. from the further consideration of 
a bill (H. R. No. 828) for ahe relief of Amanda 
Batts, Laura P. W. Young, and Betsey Murdock, 
heirs of Barbara Walker. 
There being no obiection, the Committee of the 
Whole House was discharged from the consider- 
ation of the biil; and the bill I.vas taken up för 
It instructs the Secretary of the 
consideration. 
Treasury of the United States to pay, out of any 
moneys 110b othcrwisc appropriated, to Amanda 
Batts, Laura P. W. Young, nnd Betsey Murdock, 
heirs of Barbara Walker, the deceased widow of 
Gideon Walker, the sum of $510, being the amount 
of a pension trrnnted on Barbara Walker's appli- 
cation, and remaining unpaid. 
Mr. THOMAS. This is a proposition to take 
the case out of its usual order; and there is not a 
I think that both 
quorum of the I-louse present. 
these reasons arc good for objecting to legislation. 
I call for the regular order of business. 
Mr. FENTON. I trust tho gentlmnan will allow 
the report to read. 
Mr. THOMAS. 1 have no objection that, 
if wc have got time to investigate it. 
The rcport of the Conunittee on Invalid Pen- 
sions was read. It appears therefrom that Bar- 
bara Walker was the widow, now deceased, of 
Gideon 'iValker, who died in the service of the 
United States during the wur of 1812; that the 
mother of tho petitioners was entitled too half-pay i 
pension by thc laws of the United States, and 
made her application before A'\len D. Scott, Fusq., 
surrogate of the county of Cattaraugus, New' 
York, about February, 1859, which was immc- 
diateiy forwarded to the l)epart.mentat YVashing- 
ton, and remained on file until May 9, 1859, when 
a certificate was issued a pension to Bar- 
bara Walker of $8 50 per molith from the 3d of t 
February, 1853, to the 3d of February, 1858. On 
the certificate is indorsed: Arnount duc on this 
certificate, pcr Pension Officc calculation, $510." 
The evidence furlhor shows that Barbara Walker, 
after making her application, died on t.he 7th of 
March, 18.59, leaving tbc petitioners hou• only 
the Government will be restored, and the Union 
! children and heirs; that they applicd to the Pen- I 
which you spurn will be maintained. 
Sion Office for the pension, and were informed 
And all this will cause no drop of blood, unless 
you will it. But cost what it may, you will find that the payment was refüscd, on the ground that i 
in the end that the frec States, and I trust many the widow died before herapplication wasgranted. 
of the slave States, and citizens in all the ! 'The petitionersallege that the pension was all due 
slave States, will, through all this struggle, feel when thc application was made; that the appli- 
cant had then complied with all the law required •l 
but one impulse, and know but one motto— 
her to do, and the pension certificate was granted I 
Union m•u.st and shall be preserved. " 
The bill- was ordered to beengrossed, and read 
a third time; and being was accord- 
ingly read t.he third time, and passed. 
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the. vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
ROBERT A. MATTHEWS. 
Mr. MALLORY. 1 move to take up from the 
Speaker's table, with a view to haye it put upon 
its passage, Senate bill No. 321, for the relief of 
Robert A. Matthews. The bill is a very Short 
one, and will explain itself; and I know that if 
the House will allow it to be read, it will pass it 
without a moment's hesitation. 
There being no objection, the bill was taken up 
for consideration. it directs the Commissioner 
of the General Land, Offce to pay to Robert A. 
Matthews, attorney of Chärles W. Tosh, the 
amount of the price received from Tosh for one 
hundred and fifty-five and sixty-two hundredths 
acres of land, entered by him at the land office, at 
Sioux City, Iowa, on the 2d October, 1856, as 
per register's certificate and rcccivcr's rcccipt, 
No. 455, the entry having since been canceled as 
embracing land within the limits of the raili•oad 
grants made by Congress by act of May 15, 1856. 
The bill was read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. MALLORY moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was ao•reed to. 
JACOB GATES. 
Mr. BLAIR. I ask that the Committee of the 
Whole House be discharged from the further con- 
sideratioh of Ilouse bill No. 752, granting an 
invalid pension to Jacob Gates. 
There being no objection, the Committee of tlle 
Whole House was discharged from the further 
consideration of the bill; and the House proceeded 
to consider it. The bill instructs the Secretary of 
the Interior to place the name of Jacob Gates on 
the invalid pension rolls of thc United States, at 
the rate of cight dollars per month, from thc first 
of January, 1860, and to continue during his 
natural life. 
It appears from tho report that Jacob Gates en- 
listed in the United States service in the war of 
1812, August 17, 1812, in a company commanded 
by Captain John A. Bard, second regimcnt light 
dragoons, Pennsylvania militia. He was marched 
to the northern frontier; was in the skirmishes by 
the river Coal; was at the battles of Fort George, 
Stony Creek, and Beaver Dams. At the latter 
place he was taken prisoner. I-Ie was first taken 
to the jail of Little York, thence taken to Kings- 
ton, thence to Montreal, then to Quebec, and to 
I-lalifax, in Nova Scotia, and was imprisoned on 
Melvin Island; remained there till the last of Feb- 
ruary, and was exchanged and sent to Boston. 
He again joined his regiment, and went to Platts- 
burg; there was transförred to a rifle company, 
and marched toSackctt's Harb01Y, thence to Black 
Rock, and grossed into Canada and joined Gen- 
eral Brown 's army. Hc was at the battle of Chip- 
pewa, and next day was engaged in the battle at 
Lundy's Lane; then, on the 25th of the same 
month, was in the battle of and re- 
ceived a ball in his hip, and was removed next day 
to the hospital at. 131.107110, where hc remained six 
weeks, and then again joined his company. He 
remained-in Canada, and was engaged in several 
skirmishes, and crossed back into New York in 
the fall of 1814, and went to Gencssee river into 
win quarters; and, while cuttinry timber to build 
stable and barracks, cut his foot badly with an ax, 
and was confined for some time. 
In the spring 
bc joined company of volunteers, and went to 
Mackinaw Island, under command of Colonel 
McNeal, and remained with him till the summer 
of 1817, and was honorably discharged, havinø• 
served five years. He is now old and infirm, and 
as a«ye increases, he suffers more and more from 
the effects of the wounds received. He is sixty- 
six years of age. Doctors J. A Landis and R. 
W. Christy, certified by the proper authorities to 
be respectable physicians, in good standing in 
Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania, say, that, 
upon thnt application; that the pension was due li from satisfactory evidence and from accurate ex- 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, obtained tho floor, 
, and was in the nature of a vested EI amination,the above statement seems to be true." 
the applicant 
right to the arnount granted, which, on hcr death, T hc Third Auditor of the Treasni•y Department 
but yielded to 
Nit. BINGHAM, who moved that the House 
certifies to the five years' servic-e of petitioner, and 
was equita.bly due to her heirs. 
do now adjourn. 
his honorable discharge; but states that the rec• 
Mr. AS. I withdraw my objection. 
Mr. GROM.T. Wilt the gentleman from Ohio 
