1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 win say that this claim 
has been twice considered by the committee of 
this House and the cömmittee of the Senate, and 
surely wc arc in as good condition to judge of its 
merits now as we will be at any future time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. What committee did the 
bili come from ? 
Mr. BURNETT. The Committee Post 
Offce and Post Roads. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Then submit motion 
that the message be nox,v referred to the same 
committee, 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 hope that motion will be 
voted down, and that the House will now dispose 
of this case. 
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no reason why the 
message should be read. I know that it is respect- 
ful to the President to have his messages on pub- 
lic matters read to the House; but there is no wyant 
of courtesy toward him it' messages on private 
claims are referred without reading. 
The SPEAKER. The messages of Presi- 
dent ought to be read, as they are spread upon the 
Journal. 
The Clerk read the message, as follow•s: 
To the House of Representatiues 
of the United States: 
ret.urn, with my objections, to the House in 
which it originated, the' bill entitled " An act for 
the relicf of Elockaday & Liggit," presented to 
me on the 15th instant. 
This bill appropriates $59,576 'G to Hockaday 
& Li«rgit, in full payment for damages sustained 
by them in reduction of pay for carrying the mails 
on route No. 8911, and that said amount be paid 
to William Liggit for and on account of Hocka- 
bill containing the same language, with the 
single exception that the sum appropriated therein 
was #40,000 instead of$59 both Houses 
of Congress at their last session; but it was pre- 
scnted to me at so late a period of the session that 
could not examine its merits before the time 
fixed for the adjournment, and it thercfore, under 
the Constitution, failed to bccome a law. The 
increase of the sum appropriated, in the present 
bill, over that in the bill of the last session, being 
induced me to examine the question with some 
attention; and I find that the bill involves an im- 
portant principle, which, if established by Con- 
gress, may take targe sums out of the Treasury. 
It appears that, on the 1st day of April, 1858, 
John M. Hockaday entered into a contract with 
the Postmaater General for transporting the mail 
on route No. 8911, from St. Joseph, Missouri, 
by Fort Kearny, Nebraska Territory, and Fort 
Leavenworth, to Salt Lake City, for the sum of 
$190,000 per annum for a weekly service. The 
service was to commence, on the 1st day of May, 
1858, and to terminate on the 30th November, 1860. 
By this contract the Postmaster General reserved 
to himself the ri(Fht " to reduce the service to semi- 
monthly whcnevcr the necessities of the public 
and the condition of affairs in the Territory of 
Utah may not require it more frequently." -A nd 
that the Postmaster General may discon- 
agatn , 
tinue or curtail t.he. service, in whole or in part, 
in order to place on the route a greater degrec of 
service, or whenever the public interests require 
such discontinuance for any other cause, hc allow- 
incr one month's extra pay on the amount of ser- 
vice dispensed vrrith. " 
On the 11th April, 1859, the Postmaster General 
curtailed the service, which he had a clear right 
to do under the contract, to semi-monthly, with an 
annual deduction of $65,000, leaving the compen- 
sation $125,000 for twenty-four trips per year, 
instead of $190,000 for fifty-two trips. This cur- 
tailment wras not to take effect till the 1st of July, 
At the time the contract was made, it '*vas ex- 
of War upon the subject, in the course of which, 
the Secretary agreed that a weekly mail to St. 
Joseph and Salt Lake City was no longer needed 
for the purposes of the Government. This, evi- 
dently, because the trouble in Utah had ended. 
Mr. Hockaday faithfully complied with his con- 
tract, and the ftdl compensation was paid, at' the 
rate of $190,000 per annum, up to the 1st July, 
1859, arid " one month 'S extra pay on the amount 
of service dispensed with," according to the con- 
tract. 
PreviOus to that date, as has been already stated, 
on the, 14th April, 1859, the Postmaster General 
curtailed the service to twice per month; and on 
the 11th May, 1859, Messrs. Hockaday & Co. 
assigned the contract to Jones, Russell & Co., 
for a bonus of $50,000. Their property connected 
with the route was to be appraised, which was 
effected, and they received on this account about 
ninety-four thousand dollars, making the whole 
amount about one hundred and forty-four thou- 
sand dollars. 
There is no doubt that the contractors have 
sustained considerable loss in the whole transac- 
tion. The amount I shall not pretend to decide, 
whether #40,000, or $59,476, or any other sum. 
It will be for Congress to consider whether the 
precedent establisheü by this bill will not, in effect, 
annul all restrictions contained in the mail con- 
tracts enabling the Postmaster General to reduce 
or curtail lhe postal service according to the pub- 
I have no other 
lic exigencies as they may arise. 
I am informed that 
solicitude upon the subject. 
there are many cases in the Post Office Depart- 
ment depending upon the same principle. 
JAMES BUCHANAN. 
WASHINGTON CITY, January 25, 1861. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 hope the gentleman rom 
Ohio will withdraw his motion to refer the mes- 
sagc to the Committee on the Post Offce and Post 
Roads, in order that we may act on the question 
at once. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing to take a vote 
on the reconsideration, and I therefore withdraw 
the motion to refer. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 trust that the members of 
the House will have that message in print before 
they are called upon to act onit. [Cries of " No!" ] 
[ think we ought to have such an opportunity, in 
order that we may' vote understandingly on it. 
It will be recollected in what difficulty we were 
put by hasty legislation at the last session, in a 
similar case. 
I do not 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 have the floor. 
propose to detain the House with anything like a 
speech on the mcrits of this veto message. A 
statement of the reasons why it ought not to 
change our former action can briefly be given. 
Mr. Speaker, under all the circumstances sur- 
rounding this case, this veto message must be 
regarded as an extraordinary one. r I'lie President 
cohccdes the loss of these parties, but adds that, 
notwithstanding they have been seriously dam- 
aged by thc action of the Postmaster General, it 
is improper for the House of Representatives to 
do them justice. Hc declares that we ought not 
to pay them the losses they have actually sus- 
tained, because then a precedent would be estab- 
lished for doing justice to other contractors who 
had been damaged by the action of the Federal 
Government. 
This House will remember that in 1858—59, by 
the failure of the Congress of the United States 
to make appropriations for the service of the Post 
Office Department, that then thc Postmaster Gen- 
eral, having no money as a reason fop it, issued his 
orders curtailing the service upon various mail 
contracts in this country, in some instances fifty 
per cent. , and in others forty and thirty per cent. 
This House will remember that, on the 14th day• 
of April, 1859, the question involved in the Presi- 
dent's messao•c was fully discussed by gentlemen 
pected that the army in Utah might be engaged in I in this House. The gentleman from North Caro 
lina, [Mr. I do not say it with 
active operations; and hence the necessity of fre- 
quent conununications betwecn the War Depart- any disrespect to the President of the United 
ment and that Tcrritory. The reservation of the States—presented the reasons much more forcibly I 
and much more clearly, in reference to the prin- 
the bill passed the House upotf the -untanimöus 
report Of the Post-Offee Committee—all the ixie•m- 
bei•s of that committee concurrino• -in the report 
which was made. -It went to the other end of the 
Capitol, find was referred to •the Post Offce Com- 
mittee of the Senate. The whole question Was 
there reviewed in one Of the most elaborate reports 
I have ever read, discussing at length all the ques 
tions involved in the mcssage'of the President of 
the United States to tlie HOusc. Iri the Sbnatc't.he 
queStion was again elabo.ratcly discussed, and 
the objections which the President has urged were 
presented. But it washcld that Where a contraCtor 
under the Government has complied faithfully 
with his contract, and in consequence of the action 
of one of the Departments of the Government he 
has suffered loss under his contract, the Govern- 
ment ouoht, under these circumstances, to reim- 
burse the contractor to the extent of his löSseB. 
This principle was settled •in- both ends of the 
Capitol after a very full and thorough discussion, 
both upon the floor of- the House and Senate. 
Well, sir, what occurred during the present 
session? I'his bill was taken up, and reported 
acain unanimously by the 'same committee which 
first reported it. •The same amount was again 
reported; and upon their unanimous report the 
bill passed the House without a singfe objection. 
Mr. IIOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman 
from Kentucky why the. Post Offce Committee 
in the present session increased the amount some 
twenty thousand dollars? 
Mr. BURNETT, If the gentleman will hear 
me through, he will find that the amount has not 
been increased during the present session. The 
bill reported by the committee this session was 
identically the same bill. reported by them and 
passed by the House in the last session. The 
amount was reduced in the Senate, believe upon 
the motion of Senator Yulee, of Florida, from 
#59,000 to $40,000. But when it camc back to 
the House, the Post Oßice Committee reported 
the same amount contained in thc original bill. 
Now, sir, I wish the House also to consider 
another fact in connection with this thing. The 
Postmaster General, in his correspondence with 
thesc parties when he curtailcd the service, him- 
self admitted the. justice of this claim, and sug- 
gested the precise remedy which the parties have 
sought at the hands qf Congress. He said : 
The I)epartment cannot but regrct any losses that you 
may sustain by the annulment of your contract; but, as 
the course adopted.by the Postnntstcu• General was forced 
upon by Congress, that body will, no doubt, indenk- 
nify au who have sustained datnage through its action." 
Now, sir, when this bill was under discussion 
in tl'ie House, my friend from North Carolina 
made this point: that, in every contract made with 
every contractor for carrying the mail, the Post- 
master General reserves the right of reducing the 
service, or of changing the c.ontract, as the wants 
of the I)epartment may require. Grant it. That 
provision was in the contract with these parties, 
as it is in all such contracts. But that is a mere 
formal condition. I undertake 10 say that it is a 
condition which was never attempted to be en- 
forced until after tl')e action of the last Congress 
failing to pass the Post Office appropriation bill. 
I will state, also—and every gentlcnnan who will 
examine the statute will agree with the 
Postmaster General has, under the law, no power 
to alter or change any contract madc for carrying 
the mail, except under certain conditions, which 
hold 
were not complied with in this instance. 
that the Postmaster General had no power, under 
the law, to insert any such condition into the con- 
tract; and that any such provision, if inserted, is 
in violation ofthc law, and therefore null and void. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, the Presidentof the United 
States, in his rnessao•e, icnorcs the law; he pays 
no attention to the statute; he makes no mention 
of the fact that there is now the statute-book 
a lax,v which regulates and controls this matter. 
Before conclude, I will read the law, so that 
there may be no mistake about it. 
These parties entered into a contract to carry 
the mail over a certain route, once a week, for 
the sun-i of $190,000. They went on to carry out 
itself proves that the parties had in view the con- ciplc involved in this bill, than they are presented their contract faithfully until the Postmaster Gen- 
tingency of such curtailment " whenever the ne- in the messacre of the President. The whole oral—Congrcss having failed to pass the 
ccssities of the public, and the condition of affairs i question passed in review before the House, and appropriations—reduced the service to a 
in Territory of Utah may not requirc it more the House refused to order the yeas and nays monthly mail. The proof is abundant in the case' 
upon its passage, only twenty-one members vot- 
from St. Joseph to Salt Lake City, from Fort 
frequen 
ixp at the time for the yeas and nays. 
Before the Postmaster General ordered this cur- 
i I Well, sir, after able discussion, as i have stated, Leavenworth to Pike's Peak, that the servicc was 
tailnun,t, he had an interview with the Secretary 
