574 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 26, 
faithfully performed up to the time it was changed 
from a weekly to a semi-monthly service. The 
proof in the case is abundant that the reduction 
of the service, instead of reducing the expenses 
of the contractors, increased them. How? The 
entire mail, if carried once a week, could be car- 
pied by one team; but if carried only once in two 
weeks, two teams were required. They rcmon- 
stratcd against the reduction of the service; they 
remonstrated against this violation of their con- 
tract in derogation of their rights, entailing upon 
them heavy losses. Their remonstrances were 
disregarded; they were told that in consequence 
of the failure upon the part of Congress to pass 
the usual appropriations, and the crippled condi- 
tion of the Department, the service must be cur- 
tailed, and they must look to Congress for relief. 
They continued to carry the mail and to perform 
their duty faithfully; and, in accordance with the 
recommendation of the Postmaster General, came 
to Congress, and asked them to reimburse them 
for the damages actually Sustained. 
Well, sir, as I have said, after mature deliber- 
ation, this House passed the bill in one session, 
and again passed it in another. The President of 
the United States now returns the bill with his 
objections; not that the bill violates the Constitu- 
tion ; not that it is hasty and inconsiderate legisla- 
tion, or that it involves some great political ques- 
tion, upon which, I believe, veto messages have 
genefally been founded; but the President of the 
United States undertakes to step in between these 
private parties and this House, and tclis us that 
if we undertake to do justice to these parties, it 
will open the door by which other parties, who 
have also sustained wrong, may come in and ask 
Congress also for relief, and money may be thus 
taken from thc Treasury to a large amount. For 
myself, I do not propose to act in this House 
upon such considerations. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to ask the gentleman 
from Kentucky whether we have not, during the 
present session, rcpealed an act passed in the last 
session, and whether the Inere fact that the House 
passcd a bill is a reason for oar not recorisid(.'l'incr 
that action wron(Y? 
Mr. BURNET'É. Not ail. 1 have not stated 
i only say that this bill havino 
that as a reason. 
twice passed this House upon mature deliberation, 
all the objections urged by the President in his 
message having been fully stated and considered, 
it does seem to me a most extraordinary proceed- 
ing, that it should be vetoed under such circum- 
stances. 
I do not 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
know whether I understood the gentleman from 
I understood him to take the 
Kentucky or not. 
ground that this Provision in the contract of the 
Postmaster General with those, parties, giving him 
the right to chancre contract, was in violation 
of law. 
Mr. BURNETT. Yes, sir; and nullity. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I am very 
glad to hear it, for that is precisely the ground 
which I assumed in the last session ill respect to 
all the changes of' contract which took place uftcr 
the close of the last Congress. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 have never taken 
with- thc gcn tie man upon that point 1 state that 
such is the filet. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f111inois. 1 de- 
sired to know if I understood the gentleman cor- 
rectly. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 stated, in my argument of 
this casc last session, that that clause was in vio- 
lation of express law. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
contended so; and the gentleman from Missouri i 
[Mr. CRAIG] madc a speech upon that subject. I 
believed then that he had the right of the matter, 
and I believe so now. 
Mr. BURNETT. Now, 1 will refer gentlemen 
to the twenty-third section of the act of July 2, 
1836, in reference to the Post Office Department. 
It is as follows: 
And whenever it shall become necessary to change the 
ternis of any existing contract in any other rnanner than 
that designated in this act, or to enter into a contract iör 
the transportation of the. mail at any other time than at the I 
annual letting, the Postmaster General shall give notice in 
one newspaper published at Washington city, and in one 
newspaper published as near as may be to the route in 
w•hich the services arc to be perfönned, for at least four 
week* tjcft)re chanaincv or rnüking such contract, invitina 
thereiör ; which proposaEs shall be received and 
opened, and euch proccedings thereon had, in all things, as 
at the annual lettings: Provided, however, That the Post- 
master General may make temporary contracts, until a re«- 
ular letting can take place." 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does not that provision refer 
to cases where it is proposed to take a contract 
from one party and give it to another? 
it refers to all 
Mr BURNETT. No, sir; 
I have examined all the statutes thor- 
changes. 
oughly.. I have examined the whole matter in 
regard to changes, and there is no such provisioni 
It IS not contended that, in this case, the law was 
complied with. There was no advertisement 
whatever in accordance with the law; but the 
Postmaster General, acting upon the clause in the 
contract giving him the power to alter, change, 
and amend it, and against the remonstrance of 
the Contractors, changed this contract without any 
advertisement, and without conforming at all to 
the law. And now the President sends in his 
message, in which he concedes the fact that these 
parties have sustained heavy losses. 'I'hcse men, 
by a life of honest toil and industry, have accumu- 
lated a competence for themselves and their fami- 
lies; and by the action of the Postmaster General 
this is all swept away by our annulment of-the 
contract. They come to this Congress for relief, 
and we agree to give to them what they claim and 
establish as their damages for such action of the 
Department. The bill was reported twice unani- 
It passed 
mously by a committee of this House. 
the House, and was sent to the Senate; and it 
passed twice there. The Presidcnt sends back a 
messagc vetoing the bill, and tells us that this 
precedent would open the door by which the 
Treasury will have to pay a very large sum to 
contractors. I care not how much we have to pay 
If tho Govern- 
if the claims arc right and just. 
meniof the United States, in equity and justice , 
owe these parties, we ought to pay, and relieve 
these men, who are not in fault themselves. The 
Government first violated the contract, and in 
doing so they also violated the law of the United 
States; and now svc arc asked to turn these par- 
ties out of this House, after they have been broken 
up—a fact which is conceded—without paying 
what they are entitled to, and after •we have twice 
passed bills for their relief. 
Mr. ALLEY. I desire to say a word upon this 
question, in behalf of the committee w•'hich first 
reported the bill. The facts have been so clearly 
stated by tho gentleman frorn Kentucky, that there 
is but little left for me to say. 
In my judgment there never was a case pre- 
sented to the Congress of the United States that 
excited more discussion or investiøation than this 
It has undergone a most thorough investi- 
casc. 
gation by a committec of this House on two oc- 
It was also thoroughly examined and 
casions. 
investigated by a committee on the part of the 
Senate: and I do think that it is, as the gentleman 
from Kentucky has justly observed, a most ex- 
traordinary proceeding upon the part of the Pres- 
ident. Butl will not join in any denunciation of 
the President for exercisinff clear constitutional 
right; because, if he considers that a privule claim 
is passed by Congress under extraordinary cir- 
cumstances, which would establish a bad prece- 
dent, it is not only his constitutional right, but it 
is, I hold, his imperative duty, to interpose an 
executive veto. 
This matter has been so t.horoughly discussed 
in this case, and all the facts are so fully under- 
stood, that I will not detain the House now by 
recapitulating the statements which have been 
heretofore made. I will only briefly examine the 
objections which are made by the President to the 
The President has made l.n.tt three points against 
this bill. Tho first, and the one on w}'lich he 
seems to me to lay more stress than any other is, 
that this bill passed Congress at the last session 
för the sum of #40,000, while it is passed now in 
precisely the same terms, with the exeeption that 
for $40,000 is substituted $59,500. Now, Mr. 
Speaker, it seems to mc that that is not a reason 
which should operate upon this Hoüse ut all 
against the bill. This House passed the bill for 
$59,500, after the most thorough examination by 
the Post Oflice Committee, and after a most thor- 
ough and exhaustive discussion upon tho part of 
this House at the last session of Congress. 
was then sent to the Senate, and at the close of 
the session, as I understand, as a matter of com- 
promise, it was reduced to the sum of $40,000 in 
that body. It then came back to the House, and 
it being so near the close of the session, and there 
being no time to consider it in full, it received the 
sanction of this House, as amended by the Sen- 
ate, and the bill passcd in that forrn. It failed to 
receive the sanction of the President. 
At this session, the petition was again referred 
to the Post Offce Committee of this House. That 
committöe, after another examination and invest- 
igation, as it had done previously, by an unani- 
mous Vote, reported this bill. to the House in the 
same form precisely as it was passed in this House 
at the last session of Congress; and it passed the 
It was sent to the 
House by a very large vote. 
Senate, and there, after another examination by 
that body, the action of the House was concurred 
In. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I put it to the House to 
say, if, under such circumstanccs, that is any 
It 
reason at all why this bill should be vetoed. 
seems to me not. 
The next and second point of the veto message 
is, that the contract allows the Postmaster Gen- 
eral to reduce the service, and that he has so re- 
duced it in accordance with the provision of the 
contract. Mr. Speaker, that matter was fully ex- 
amined at the last session of Congress by this 
House, and was fully discussed; and, while the 
legality of that question was in great doubt, the 
House decided by a very laree vote—and it seems 
to me, judging from the discussion, the almost 
unanimous feeling of the House was—that this 
case ought to be settled upon principles of equity, 
and not according to its legal bearings; although 
it does seern to me that, upon legal grounds alone, 
it presents a case not by any means devoid of 
strength. As has been remarked by the gentle- 
man from Kentucky , that question was thoroughly 
discussed, and he has read from the law what he 
conceives to be a proper interpretation. 
And in this connection allow me to call the at- 
tention of the House to letter written by the 
Attorney General upon this very subject, when 
the Postmaster General called his attention to the 
Butterfield con tract. That is the only contract, I 
believe, in wh ich that provision was never inserted , 
although, it seetns to me, it is a contract, of all 
others, in which it should have been inserted. In 
every other cont.ract it has been inserted; and it is 
inserted merely for the protection of the Govern- 
I do not believe that any contractor ever 
ment. 
signed a contract containing that provision, with 
the expectation or thought that he would ever be 
taken advantage of in consequence of it; and I 
think that advantage has never been taken of that 
provision since it. was first inserted by a former 
Postmaster General, many years since. say that 
provision was never taken advantage of until the 
appropriation bill failed, which made it neces- 
sary, In the judgment of the Postmaster General, 
to reduce nearly all this kind of service. And 
this was one of the cases in which the service was 
reduced; and the Postmaster General gave that 
as a reason to the contractors why the service was 
reduced. Now, after this matter wras investigated 
and thoroughly discussed, it was decided by the 
last Congress that. that provision in the contract 
ought not to affect a clear case of equity. I wish 
to call the attention of the House, as I was say- 
ing, to a letter of the Attorney General coverino• 
this ground in the Butterfield case, in reply to the 
Postmaster General. He holds this language: 
I am not at liberty, nor do I think you are, to inquire 
whether it was well, or ill, for the Government to inake 
this contract. The unfortunate condition in which the De- 
partment has nexpectedly found itself might make us wish 
to get rid of as Inany burdens as possible ; but the pecu- 
niary interests of the country are not the most important. 
It has a far deeper stake in doing justice and maintain int' 
the laws." 
That is the reply of the Attorney General; and 
it seems to me the reply was eminently worthy of 
that distinguishedjurist. i therefore, Mr. Speaker, 
think that that objection is not a valid one, so far 
as this bill is concerned. 
The other point which the President makes is, 
that this case •wrill open the door to other cases 
of a similar character, and establish a bad pre- 
cedent. 
Mr. Speaker, that was the very ground of ob- 
jection which was urged in t.his House at the last 
session of Congress by the opponents of the bill. 
It was thoroughly, and I think successfully, an- 
swered at that time. If the claim presents a clear 
case of equity, no matter how many cases there 
