THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
575 
may be of the same character, it ought to be favor- 
ably acted on. I think that is clear; and after the 
strong verdict which the House gave upon that 
point at the hist session of Congress, I certainly 
will not urge any more considerations in regard 
to it at the present time. 
I will only say, in regard to the veto of the 
President, that he has exercised h is constitutional 
right; and that it was his duty, if he regarded this 
as an extraordinary ease, to vcto the bill. I wish 
he could have time and opportunity to examine 
more cases of private claims that como before him; 
for I arn free to say that I believe a majority of 
alk the private ciaitns presented for the considera- 
tion of Congress are" but so many schemes to 
plunder the Treasury, and I am afraid that many 
are sanctioned bv Congress that do not receive 
that close exarnination and attention which they 
If, then, the President's objec- 
ought to receive. 
tions were such as commended themselves to my 
judgment, I would certainly vote to sustain his 
veto; but I believe thatevery consideration of jus- 
tice, every principle of equity, and every feeling 
of humanity in this case demands that the veto 
message should not be sustained, and I hope and 
now move 
trust the House will not sustain it. 
the previ_ous question. 
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman from 
Massachusetts will withdraw the demand for the 
previous question for a few minutes, to enabl'eme 
to make a few remarks in regard to this bill. 
Mr. ALLEY. 1 will withdraw it, if the gen- 
tleman wilk agree to renew it. 
Mr. BRANCH. I do not want to renew it; 
but I will give the floor to the gentleman to do it 
when I am through. 
Mr. ALLEY. Then 1 withdraw it. 
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, the most disa- 
greeable duty that a public offcer under this Gov- 
ernment has to discharge is, to stand up in resist- 
ance to private claims; and when I find a public 
officer disposed faithfully and fairly and consci- 
entiously to guard the Bublic Treasury, I feel it 
my duty to give him whatever support is in my 
I think that in the present case the Pres- 
power. 
ident has discharged his duty, and only dischargcd 
I thought when it 
his duty, in vetoing this bill. 
passed the House that it ought not to pass; and I 
thought then that the President ought to veto it, 
if it did pass both branches of Congress. 
The facts of this case, Mr. Speaker, are very. 
simple, and may be stated in very brief terms. 
These parties entered into a contract with.the 
Postmaster General to carry the mails to Salt Lake 
City once a week foragiven sum. It was stipulated 
in that con tract, in express terms, that the Postmas- 
ter General should have the privilege, wheneverhe 
thought the public interest demanded it, to reduct 
the. service , and pro rata to reduce the compensation , 
or to increase the service and increase the compen- 
sation pro rata.• That the contract was signed by 
these parties, with a distinct knowledge that It 
reserved to the Postmaster General this privilegc 
of altering its terms at his pleasure, or of altering 
the nature of the service at his pleasure; and that 
they reserved to themselves, on the other hand, 
the right, if they did not choose to continue the ser- 
vice on the new terms, to throw up the contract 
and cease to discharge any du ties under its terms, 
is not denied by anybody. All admit that that 
reservation was made in express terms in the con- 
tract, and that, in consideration of its being put 
in, it was stipulated •that, if the parties should 
choose to throw up the cetract when the Posi- 
master General thought proper to make a change 
in it, they s150uld be paid one month's extra com- 
tra. That was the bonus given to these parties 
for the privilege reserved to the Department of 
changing the contfact whenever the public ser- 
vice required it to be changed. Gentlemen, I 
say, do not deny that these are the terms of the 
contract; but they say that the contract was ille- 
gal; that the contract was in violation of law. Well, 
now, I have two things to say about that. In the 
first place, if the contract was in violation of law, 
these parties, equally with the Postmaster Gen- 
era! , participatcd in that violation of law. Tl')ey 
signed the contract. They agreed to abide by the 
terms of the contract; and if' it was void on the 
If 
one side, it was equally void on the other. 
the contractors were authorized to disregard its 
terms, the Post Office Department was equally 
authorized to disregard its terms. 
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman permit 
me to ask him a question ? 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 would prefer to go through 
with my statement, and then I will answer any 
question. 
Mr. BURNETT. Just one question. 
Mr. BRANCH. very well; go on. 
Mr. BURNETT. • 1 understand the gentleman 
from• North Carolina to say that if the provision 
in the contract authorizing•the Postmater General 
to change its terms was m violation of the law, 
then both parties were equally in fault—the Post- 
master General and the contractors. Now, I de- 
sire Lo put this question to him: if the Govern- 
ment violated that contract first by a failurc to 
comply with the stipulations of the contract, ought 
not. the parties contracting with the Governmht 
to bo relieved from any damages they may have 
sustained by reason of the fault of the Govern- 
ment? 
Mr. BRANCH. well, sir, do not think it 
essential to inquire whic'h party violated the con- 
I do not admit that the Department 
tract first. 
violated it, either first, or last, or at all. But if 
we were to go into an inquiry• as to which vio- 
lated it first, and I were to admit that the Post- 
master General had violated it at all, I N.vould hold 
that the contractors had violated it first in point of 
time, when they refused to comply with the order 
that the Postmaster General gave them in the 
express terms of the contract. But I pass from 
that point. 
I contend, Mr. Speaker, that the terms of this 
contract were in express accordance with the 
terms of the law, and that the statute, or that 
portion of it which has been read by my •honor- 
able friend from Kentucky, [Mr. BURNETT,] does 
not prove to the contrary. Here is the language 
of that statute: 
And whenever it shall become necessary to change the 
terms of any existing contract in any other manner than 
that designated in this act," 
That does not apply to the present case. The 
Postmaster General ill this case has not changed 
the terms of the contract; he has only givcn an 
order .which he was expressly authorized by the 
very terms and letter of the contract to give. He 
has not attempted to change the contract. He 
has only attempted to carry it out himself, and to 
require the contractors to carry out every letter 
and syllable of the contract that they themselves 
signed. I admit, sir, that if hc had undertaken 
to change that contract, he was compelled, by the 
statute which has been read by the gentleman 
from Kentucky, to advcrtisc and give it out anew 
to the lowest bidder; but he has not attempted 
any such thing. The contract reserved to him the 
right to change thc service from wcekly to semi- 
monthly; and all that he has donc was to exercise 
his right under that contract, and required the par- 
ties to reduce the service. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, suppose such were not the 
case. We have heard here to-day, from the mes- 
sage of the President, that inasmuch as this con- 
tract had been entered into to a large extent, in 
order to supply our troops in that country with 
mail matter, and inasmuch as the troops had been 
withdrawn, it had, therefore, become unnecessary 
to perform the service so often. The statement 
of that fact in the message proves to us that it is 
indispensably necessary to the public intcrcsts 
that thcrc should be reserved in every mail con- 
tract the privilegc which was reserved in this one, 
of changing, not the contract, but the service un- 
der the contract. Why, you enter into your mail 
contracts for four years. Long before the expi- 
ration of the four years, great changes may takc 
place in the physical features of the country, and I 
the means of transportation. You may make 
a contract to have the mail carried by a stage 
Before the expiration 
coach, over a given route. 
of the contract, a railroad may have been built on a 
much nearer route, and one that can furnish the 
public with mails far better, and more conve- 
niently and satisfactorily. Is it to be established , 
that in such a casc as that, the Postmaster Gen- 
eral has not the right to put an end to the mail 
not; that the only Way you can geta5d of such 
contracts is by paying large sums of money; 
buying them off. But, Mr. Speaker, neitherCö1F 
gress nor the executive department 
tofore held any such idea, or ticteåon sach a prin- 
ciplc. Every mail contract that has been entered 
into by the Government, With one 'solitary excer 
tion—and that exception is one of which. the gen- 
tleman himself [Mr. ALLEVI has informed us— 
reserves to the Postmaster General, as this con• 
tract reserved to him, the privilege of changing 
the nature of the service at his pleasure, on his 
paying a pro rctc increase or deduction, as the 
case might be, of compensation. I call the atten- 
tion of the House to the fact that, without such 
reservation, the public interest might suffer seri- 
ously in a large number of cases. The public 
Treasury might suffer; and, far worse than that, 
the conveniencc of our citizens might suffer also. 
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. AL- 
LEY] says that this reservation, which he admits 
is embraced in this .contract, as in all other mail 
contracts of the Government, was never taken ad" 
vantage of until after the failure of the Post-Omce 
appropriation bill last Congress. In that the gen- 
tlcman is totally mistaken. From time imme- 
morial, the Post Office D artment has been in 
the habit aAits pleasure, an frequently, of chang- 
ing the nature of the service under these contracts. 
It is not that this is the first time that the Depart- 
Inent has ever attempted to exercise that power, 
but it is the first time I ever heard of any contractor 
claiming the right to disregard the order, and to 
ask indemnity from Congress. The gentleman 
will find upon inquiry among his experienced 
friends, or at the Department, that nota year, not 
a month, not. a week, perhaps not a day, pa»es 
without the Postmaster General sending orders 
changing the nature of the service under thesé con- 
tracts; and I do not think he will find one single 
instance in which compliance with such order has 
been ever refused, and where the contractor has 
ever comc to Congress to claim compensation. 
Mr. ALLEY. Will the gentleman from North 
Carolina allow me to explain ? 
Mr. BRANCH. Certainly. 
Mr. ALLEY. I do not mean to be understood 
as saying this right had never been exercised. 
said that ithad ilever before beeh taken advantage 
of.. The provision is, that the Postmaster Gen- 
eral shall have the privilege of changing the sel% 
vice when the public exigencies require a change • 
utid, of course, it is undestood that when causes 
arise, such as the gentleman has been narrating, 
this power would be exercised. know that it 
has often been exercised in that way; but never 
before have contractors been injured by taking 
advantage of it. That is to say, the provision 
has not been resorted to to strike down the inter- 
ests of contractörs acyainst what was fair and 
right, just, and equitable. As I understand it, 
tl'lC provision is put in there to cover just such 
contin(rencies as the gentleman has a}luded -to.' Of 
course, understand perfect}y wel} that such 
causes frequently arise, and that the Postmaster 
General has *exercised his power in that way. 
But undertake to say that never in the history 
of the Government has advantage been taken of 
that provision from the failure of an appropriation 
bill. Fl"hat was made an excuse by the Postmaster 
General for strikingdown hundreds ofcontractors, 
and destroying the validity of their contracts, 
madc in good faith, with the understanding that 
if they carried out all the stipulations of their 
contract, the Government would do the same on 
its part. Now, undertake to say, that in this 
case, as well as in many other cases, the Govern- 
ment did not perform its duty, and its obligations 
to the contractors, but made use of an excuse 
which was no proper excuse at all. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 desire that this bill shall be 
I have a 
disposed of during the morning hour. 
few more remarks to make, and then I will close. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will the gentleman 
yield to me for a moment? 
Mr. BRANCH. Certainly 1 will. 
Mr. CRAIG, ofMissouri. 
only ask the gen- 
coach contract,and have the mail sent by raih•oad? tleman to yield that he may make a point on a 
Again: you may have been sending your mail question which I desire to ask him. would not 
by railroad on a very round-about route. A nearer do so but that the argument of the gentleman from 
and more direct railroad may be completed within North Carolina is scarcely as fait as is usually 
the four years. Can you not get rid of the former characteristic of his speeches. He puts the ease 
contract, and put the mail on the nearest route? ofa contract beine entered into for four years to 
The gentlemen who sustain this bill say you can- have the mail carried overa certain route by stage 
