576 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 26. 
coach, and•of a railroad being built there at the 
end of two years, and says that the friends of this 
bill contend there is no power to make a new 
contract with the railroad company, and dispense 
tell the gentleman that 
with the slow coach. 
neither the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. BUR- 
NETT] nor the gentleman from Massach usetts [Mr. 
ALLEY] has held any such doctrine. They admit 
the right of the Postmaster General, within a day, 
or a month, or a -year after he has made a con- 
tract, to change its terms; but they deny the right 
of the PoStmaster General to take the bid into 
his own mouth, and when he reduces the ser- 
vice on a route, to say how much less the pay 
shall be. The law pomts out how he shall do it; 
and all that the friends of this bill claim is, that 
the Postmaster General shall follow the law. In 
this instance. he reduced the service, and reduced 
the pay a certain per centage. W c say that it 
was his duty under the law to have ad vertised fbut• 
weeks in the newspapers, and to have given to 
these parties the poor privilege of competing with 
other bidders, and seeing how" much the service 
was worth. 
Mr. BRANCH. In reply to the gentleman 
from Missouri, desiro to say that I have not 
heard before that there was any complaint made, 
that the reduction made by Postma,vr General 
was not pro rata., and in strict accordance with the 
Is there any such complaint? 
contract. 
Mr. CRA IG, of Missouri. It was not pro rata. 
He reduced some contracts thirty per cent. , and 
some forty-five per cent. 
Mr. BRANCH. My question is, whether the 
reduction made in the case of Hockaday & Liggit 
was not pro ratc with the reduction of service? 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. No, sir. 
Mr. BRANCH. That is a matter ofarithmetic 
and calculation. Anybody may make the calcu- 
lation, and show whether it is not prccisely pro 
to a dime. If not, we will pay the difference. 
But, Mr. Spcakcr, to pass on—as I wish to get 
through what I have to say within the mornincy 
hour, and not to defeat the bill by talking against 
timo and throwing it over—I will close with this 
remark: that the contract entered into with those 
parties was in the same form in which such con- 
tracts have been entered into from timc immemo- 
rial. Every contract for carrying the mail, on a 
railroad, in a steam boat, in a stage-coach, • 
buggy, or on horseback, contains precisely the 
saine provision, couched in the same language, 
giving the Post Offce Department the right to re- 
duce the service as he may please. Anu I never 
knew, in any single instance, any contractor, 
whose service was so reduced, disregard the or- 
der, and then como here and claim compensation 
at the hands of Congress, until this claim was pre- 
scnted to Congress. 
I say, then, that the Post- 
master General has the right, and that there is no 
law to prohibit it, to insert in every mail contract 
such a provision as was inserted in this contract; 
and that the contractor has no right to expect 
cornpensation if it is acted on by the Postmaster 
General. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 was not 
in the House when the mcssage of tho President 
was read, and am not certain whethcr I understand 
the facts connected with this case or not. I desire 
to ask the gentleman whether this contract con- 
tained the usual clause, that if the Postmaster Gen- 
eral reduced the service or changed the contract, 
they were entitled, as damages, to onc month 's 
BRANCH. Yes, sir; they are entitled 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Have they 
received it? 
Mr. BRANCH. I do not know. If theyhavc 
not, the money is at their credit and they can take 
it when they please. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Thenthey 
have liquidated their own darnaces. 
Mr. BRANCH. Cptainly they have. Now, 
Mr. Speaker, in obedience to my promisc to the 
gentleman from Massachusetts, I yield the floor 
to him to unove the previous question, if he de- 
sn•cs to do so. 
Mr. BURNETT. With the consent of the 
centieman fi•orn Massachusetts, I desire to say a 
sing•le word in addition. The gentleman from 
Noi•th Carolina says there was no violation of 
to decide whether there has been any violation 
of contract or not. The Post Office Department 
makes a.contract with me to carry the mail six 
times a week, from Louisville, Kentucky, for in- 
stance, to Lexington. The law says the Post- 
master General shall not make any change in the 
—the law passed by Con- 
terms of the contract 
gress, and now on your statute-book—without 
first advertisilig for at least four weeks in some 
newspaper in the city of Washington , and in some 
newspaper nearest the route of the mail contract. 
Now, when the Postmaster General, without no- 
tice, and without any advertisement, orders that 
service of six times a week to be reduced to three 
times a week, and when I remonstrate with him, 
and tell him that, relying upon carrying out the 
contract as entered into, I have incurred great 
expense in stock and other preparations for carry- 
ing it into effect, and he replies that he has been 
compelled to do it by the action of Congress in 
refusing to make the necessary appropriations, 
and that Congress will no doubt reimburse me, 
I ask whether I have not good reason to expect 
reimbursement for the damages I have incurred ? 
Yet that is precisely a parallel case with the one 
before us. 
Postmaster General, as I read this morn- 
mg, told these contract0F,s in effect 
: I am com- 
pelled to reduce the service on this route in con- 
sequence of the action of Congress, and I have no 
doubt Congress will reimburse you for the losses 
you may sustain." Now, I put it to every fair- 
minded man in this House, whether, in a case of 
this description, when it has been ascertained be- 
yond a doubt that the damages sustained were at 
least as great as the amount provided in this bill; 
when the bill, with all the questions involved, has 
been fully and fairly discussed in both branches 
of Congress, and has passcd both branches of 
Congress twice with great unanimity—no hasty 
or inconsiderate action—I say, under these cir- 
cumstanccs, is it not just and proper that this bill 
for the relief of these parties shall become a law ? 
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to ask my friend 
from Kentucky one question. I wish to ask him 
if he can satisfy the House that the Postmaster 
General, in this instance, attempted to change the 
contract? In my judgment, he did not. I-Ic merely 
attempted to exercise a power which the contract 
gave him; and if that provision of the contract 
was in violation of the law, the parties themselves 
who signed it violated the law equally with the 
Postmaster General. 
Mr. BURNETT. Then 1 to the gentle- 
man from North Carolina, as a lawyer, that if 
this action of the Postmaster General was in pur- 
suance of a provision in the contract, still any 
action upon his part to change the contract was 
null and vc,id. Why? Because it was in violation 
of existing law. That is the reason why I state 
it. I say, and I repeat, that the Postmaster Gen- 
eral had no power to change the character of the 
service, except in accordance with the provisions 
of law requiring that the proposed change should 
be advertised at least four weeks. 
The gentleman from North Carolina says I can- 
not produce a single instance where the Postmas- 
ter General has changed the character of mail 
servicc and the parties have sought relief at the 
hands of Congress, up to this time. Why, sir, 
we llave time and again passed joint resolutions, 
referring such cases to the Postmaster General, 
to bc settled upon principles of equity and justice. 
lars injust such cases. A case occurs to me just 
at this moment, in which a contract was entered 
into for a daily mail by river from Louisville, 
Kentucky, to Cairo. The boats were built for 
the full service, and afterwards the service x,vas 
reduced. Congress passed a joint resolution re- 
imbursing them for the losses they sustained in 
consequence of the change of contract. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I submit whether it is not 
right that this great Government, possessing aÅ it 
does arbitrary power over all contracts made by 
it, when it violates them shall pay to the con- 
tractors the losses sustained by them in conse- 
quence of such violation, even though it should 
result in taking millions from the 'l'reasury. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think the gentleman from 
Massachusetts stated correctly that this clause 
which is inserted into all nutil contracts, has never 
contract in this case. Now, sir, I want to put been enforced in any instance up to the failure of 
a question to him as a lawyer, and then ask him I Congress to pass the annual Post Offce appro- 
priation. In that instance, the Postmaster Gen- 
era] reduced the mail service all over the country, 
and especially in the north svestern States, from 
thirty to fifty per cent. Had Congress performed 
its duty, there would have been no necessity for 
reducing the service. The cause of the reduction 
was not, therefore, that the wants of the service 
did notdemand the full service, but because of the 
failure of Congress to discharge its duty. And 
inasmuch as the contracts were violated by the 
act of the Government itself, I ask whether these 
contractors may not fairly claim of us that we 
shall reimburse them for the damages they have 
sustained ? 
Mr. BRANCH. I wish to correct the gentle- 
I understand him to 
man, as to a matter of fact. 
say that the Postrnaster General never attempt-ed 
to act under this provision in tho mail contracts 
until the failure of the last Congress to pass the 
usual appropriation bill. 
1 think the gentleman 
is mistaken in that. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 did not intend to say that 
such a power had never been exercised by the 
Postmaster General. What 1 said was, that res- 
olutions for the relief of those who have sustained 
damages under such change of contract have fre- 
quently been passed by Congress. 
I now move 
thc previous question. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Has not the 
morning hour expired ? 
The SPEAKER. It has; but Chair thinks 
this is a question of a nature which ought to be 
decided. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered to be put. 
The SPEAKER. The question before the 
House is this: " Shall the bill be passed, notwith- 
standing the objections of the President?" 
provided that that question shall be taken by ycas 
and nays. 
The question was then taken; and it was de- 
cided in the negative—yeas 81, nays 67; as 
follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Alley, 
'I'homas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Barret, Ging- 
ham, Boteler, Bouligny, Drabson, Brayton, Briggs, Bristow, 
Brown, Buffiiiton, Burch, Burlingame, Burnett, Case, John 
B. Clark, John Cochrane, Colthx, Cox, James Craig, Cur- 
tis, Dawes, Delano, Eliot, Etheridgc, Farnsworth, Foster 
Fouke, Frank, French, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, i-kunilton, 
J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harris, Helmick, VVilliam 
Howard, Irvine, Junkin, Kenyon, Kilgore, Leakc, Lee, 
Mackuy, Mallory, Marston, Elbert. S. Martin, Montgomery, 
Laban Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, 
Morse, Nixon, Noel', Perrv, Peyton, Phelps, Potter, Chris- 
Robinson, Royce, Scott, Scranton, Stout, Theakcr, 
'l'ompkins, Vance, Van VVyck, Wade, VValton, Cadwala- 
der C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Windom, Wood, 
and Woodruff—8i. 
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Ashley, Babbitt, 
Beale, Blair, Blake, Burnham, Campbell, Carey, Coburn, 
Conkling, John G. Davis, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eng- 
1ish, Florence, Garnett, Han, Haskin, Hatton, Hickman, 
Hoard, Holman, William A. Howard, Humphrey. Hutch- 
ins, Francis W. Kellogg, Killinger, Kunkei, Larrabee, De- 
Witt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Loontis, Lovejoy, May- 
nard, McKenty, McPherson, Milkson, Niblack, Olin, Pal- 
Iner, Pendleton, Porter, Pott.le, Quarles, John H. Reynolds, 
Riggs, James C. Robinson, Sedgwick, Sherman, William 
N. H. Smith, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Wil- 
liam Stewart, Stokes, Stratton, Thomas, Valkandigham, 
Vandever, Waldron, Wells, Whiteley, Wilson, and Wins- 
low—67. 
So the House refused to pass the bill notwith- 
standing the objections of the President, (two 
thirds not voting in favor thereof.) 
During the vote, 
Mr. BRANCH said: The gentleman from 
souri, Mr. WOODSON, who feels a deep interest 
in this case, is detained in his room by indisposi- 
tion, and I have consented to pair with him. 
Mr. HUMPHREY stated that his colleague, 
Mr. CARTER, ha een called home by the death 
of one of the mem ers of his family. 
Mr. THOMAS stated he had come to the House 
prepared to pair on this case with Mr. WOOD- 
sox; but as that gentleman was paired with Mr. 
BRANCH, he would vote. He voted in the negative. 
Mr. COX stated that his colleague, Mr. ALLEN, 
called home by the death of his child, had not yet 
returned . 
Mr. LOGAN, not being within the bar when 
his name was called, asked leave to vote. 
Objection was made. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 think that as the Con- 
stitution provides for the decision of this question 
by the yeas and nays, that the gentleman has a 
right to vote. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot vote 
if objection be made. 
