1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
579 
at all hazards. They have flooded the South with 
legislative department enacts the laws, the judicial 
seditious anti-slavery pamphiets and papers cal- 
department expounds them, and the execußve de- 
culated to create servile insurrection, and to cn- 
the families. BY law, it is for 
the fanaticism of thc North, we have been forced 
to separate from you in some of our churches and 
other religious institutions. 
These are things of which the South complains, 
whether truthfully or otherwise history will re- 
cord. In addition to all this, Mr. Lincoln has been 
elected to the Presidency with his sentiment that 
he was opposed to the exclusion of the negro from 
the polls; with the sentiment that thc Unioil, part 
slave and part free, was like a house divided 
against itself, which could not stand; with the 
sentiment proclaimed by him that those who deny 
the court to declare the proper construction; and 
the decisions of thc courts in cases properly before 
them become, until reversed, part of the law of 
the land, and every citizen must yield obedience 
to them. Then, in regard to a State being the sole 
judge of its political rights, my opinion is, that it 
is the duty of all States, and of all communities, 
to assert their rights; to demand them; to peti- 
tion for them; and it is the like duty of all the 
other sections of the Union to accord those rights 
wiilingly and promptly. But when all constitu- 
tional remedies are exhausted, and fail to secure 
freedom to others cannot. long, in the providence ; these constitutional rights, then thc citizens of a 
ofGod, retain it themselves. .AI[ these things, taken 
sovereign State are justified in asserting, by force, 
in connection with the past history of the party, if necessary, the rights which -belong to them 
have alarmed the South. These are the things f under thc Constitution. That is my answer. 
that have culminated in producing the disruption Mr. STANTON. Then, I understand that the 
which now exists in the withdrawal of the south- gentleman 's claim is, that whenever there is a 
ern States. 
diihrence of constitutional construction in diffcr- 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 desire correct the 
ent sections of the Confederacy, it is the consti- 
gentleman from Missouri. I do not think he can 
tutional right of cach State to maintain its own 
find any passage in any speech of Mr. Lincoln construction, even by a dissolution o.f lhc Con- 
where he ever declared himself in favor of negro federacy-and civil war. 
suffrage. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. No. 1 believe no 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Oh yes; I can find such thing; and the gentleman could certainly 
that he has said what amounts to the same thing. 
have not so understood me. 
I say, again, that I 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 think thcgentleman 
it is the (ldty of good citizens to submit to the 
is mistaken. 
courts of the country. 'It-Vhcn the courts make a 
I'vlr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will incorporate decision, it is the duty, not only of States, but of 
it in my rctnarks. 
I have not time to read it now 
citizens, to obey that decision. 
but I know that I am right. Mr. Lincoln, in a I 
Mr. STANTON. If that be so 
honor in part to represent stilt continue to.mairi- 
tain •their loyalty to States. 
self is, what will relieve the apprehensions Of the 
people of the South? •What will' restöre-peace t-o• 
t.be country? What will give sti•éngih-tö the t.T•ni6if? 
What wilk calm these troubles? What, will give 
peace and repose and confidence and safety;gand 
again reunite our once prosperous-coühtry? 
In this connection, Mr. Speak6i', without:ad- 
verting to any particular arguments permit me-tb 
say it herc—to anhounce it from myplace—thatl 
believe the measures called the Crittendeh prop- 
osition •would give peace to the country. That 
proposition, sir, establishes nothing more than the 
Missouri compromise, as originally understood. 
It docs nothing more than to give protectiön to 
persons and property in the territory -lying south 
of the line of 960 30' 
If gentlemén aro sincere 
in desiring the Union to- be preserved; if they are 
sincere in saying they are willing the South should 
have equal constitutional rights in the Union; if 
they are sincere in saying they w.ould do nothi'ng 
in derogation of the rights of the South, here- is 
an opportunity, by adopting that proposition, to 
carry into effect their promises, and- to immedi- 
ately produce a state of feeling that would cul- 
minate in tho safety and reUni0i1 of the whole 
country, in my humble judgment. 
I ask gentle- 
men of the Republican party, why can you not 
consent to gubmit that proposition to the peor,le? 
Arc you afraid of the people? 
I believe, thåt if 
this proposition were to be submitted to the sov- 
ereign people of this country, it would be carried 
I by acclamation. But, if the people of the country 
are with the Rcpub}icans of this House, and op- 
posed to that proposition, you then run no risk 
by submitting it. 
Mr. HOARD. Suppose it is submitted to the 
people, and they votc it down: would the •gentle- 
man then be satisfied? 
II Mr. KILGORE. r understand' thc gentleman 
from Missouri to say that thc Crittenden •proposi- 
tion is nothing more nor less than the Missouri 
compromise. I wish to ask thegentleman whet-hel 
that proposition does not constitutionalize slavery 
south of that linc, and whether thc Missouri com- 
promiso did ? 
speech at Chicago, in September, 1856, spoke as 
follows: 
My friends, I have detained you as long as I desired•to 
do; and I have only to say, let us discard all this quibbling 
about tllis rnan and the other racc and that race 
and the at.hcr race being and therefore they Inust 
be piaced in an infQ•rior position—discarding out standard 
that we have loft us. Let us discard all these things, and 
unite as one people throughout this land , 
until we shall once 
morc stand up declaring that all onen arc created equal. 
My friends, I could not, without launching oil* upon 
some new topic, which would detain you too long, con- 
tinuo to-night. I thank you (br this n)03t externsive au- 
dience that you have furnished me to-night. I leave you, 
hoping that Lhe lamp of liberty will burn in your 
until there shall no longer be a doubt that au men are crcat.ed 
free and equal. 
Mr. Lincoln, 
in a speech at Chicacro, on the 
10th of July, 1858, used the following language: 
If .1 were in Congress, and n vote should eon)e upon a 
question whether slavery should be prohibited in a new 
Territory, in spite of the Dred Scott decision, I would vote 
that it should." 
Mr. Lincoln, in a letter addressed to the Repub- 
licans of Boston, in answer to an invitation to par- 
ticipate in the celebration of Jefferson's birthday, I 
April 13, 1860, used the f0110i.ving languacre: 
This is a world of compensation, and he would 
'I'hose who I 
be no slave in ust consent to have 110 slave. 
deny freed011) to othcrs deserve it not for themselves, and 
under a just God long retain it." 
LNow, Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding all these 
things, Missouri has ever been loyal to [he Union. 
Missouri and the border slave States have been 
ever true to the flag of our common country. In 
addition to all these things, raids are continually 
mado within our borders; our slave property is 
taken; our citizens are murdered; and to-day, in 
the State of Missouri, we are compelled to keep 
three companies of militia stationed on our bor- 
ders to protect the lives and property of our fel- 
low-citizens. Still these States have been ever 
I Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
I cannot consent 
to be interrupted any further; but I will make a 
personal application of the point. The Supreme 
Court, in tho Dred Scott decision, delivered its 
opinion as to the constitutional rights of my sec- 
tion of thc Union; and yet thc gentleman 's party 
refuses to submit to that decision. They -de- 
nouncc the Supremc Court for making it, and 
to reconstruct that court and to put it on 
the side of freedom. 
I say, then, that it is timc 
for thc citizens of the section whose rights have 
II 
bccn• sustained in that decision •to prepare them- 
selves for the Worst, arrainst a section which re- 
pudiates the Supremo Court and denounces its 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
I will anssver t.he 
decision. 
gentlmnan from Indiana. 
Mr. STANTON. the gentleman allowi Mr. HOARD. As my question asked 
me a n')0tnent of his time ? 
first, I hopc you will answer it first. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
I cannot. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
I will. 'l'he gen- 
Mr. STANTON. All I ask is to state my tleman from New York asks whether, if the Crit- 
position on this point. 
tenden proposition be submitted to the people, and 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. One complaint I they refuse to adopt it, will then be content to 
a«ainst the Republican party, and against Mr. remain in the Union. lanswer the gentleman, that 
Lincoln's elevation to tlie Presidency, is founded I am willing to subunit that proposition ns the basis 
on that, very obioction. 
of compromise; and I state to the gentlernan from 
MI'. SINAN TON. That is what I want to cor- Now York that, so far as I am concerned, and so 
far as my State is concerned, or at least so far as 
rect. 
Mr. CLARK, ofMissouri. Mr. Lincoln stated, 
that portion of the Statc which I represent is con- 
in a speech, that, notwithstanding the decision of I corned—for I have the right to speak forsmy con- 
the Supreme Court in the Dred Scott case, he ! stitucnts—we are in favor of remaining in the 
would, if he were in Congress, still vote to pro- Union so long as mvc can remain -with- honor and 
hibit slavery in the Territories, while the court I safety. W c -love the Union. We love the stars 
had said that it was unconstitutional to pass that ' and stripes. W c look upon its monuments, upon 
its past glories, upon its present greatness; and 
restriction. Mr. Lincoln avowed that, notwith- 
standing the decision of the courts, if he had the when this Congress met we looked forward to a 
bright future. No light cause will ever make 
power, he would still vote to prohibit slavery in 
'Chat gen- Missouri leave the Union. But I tell you, in that 
thc Territories of the United States. 
tleman is now the President elect of the United connection, that we must be equal; we must have 
States, elected by the Republican party, having our constitutional rights; we must be upon terms 
power to remodel the Supreme Court as occasion I of equality in all the departments of the Govern- 
ment; for we will remani with no people,-and in 
true. They have not seceded. They have not may present itself. That is one cause of alarm. 
defied the Federal authorities; but they have corne it Mr. STANTON.' If the genllcman will allow no Union, or in any Confederation, as inferiors. 
me to interpose a word on that point, to go out Mr. HOARI). Then I understand the gentle- 
here vvith petitions and applications. 
man from I\'lissouri to say his constituents are 
They ask the dominant party berc, and they with his speech, it may have tendency to quiet 
the apprehensions of his constituents upon that II willing to assert their constitutional rights in a 
have alwavs asked the North, to give them their 
constitutional rights. We ask 1')0tbing else, and 
If Mr. Lincoln 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
il)tend to submit to nothing loss. 
Mr. STANTON. YViil the gentleman from 
would say a word upon that point himself, he 
He could quiet thc apprehensions of the, people on 
Missouri permit me to ask him a question ? 
! the subject in a moment; provided what he said 
says his State will submit to nothing less than her 
was in favor of obeying the decision of the court. 
I desire to know whether 
constitutional rights. 
Hc could quiet the fears of the country, or pre- 
they will constitute themselves the sole judges of 
what is to be the construction of the Constitution. parc them for what inevitably would come. 
Nir. STANTON. Now, will 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman 
from Ohio asks mc if we will constitute ourselves allow me, I will take but a moment of his time. 
the solo judges as to our constitutional rights. My! Mr. CLARK, of N'_lissouri. No, sir; 
I cannot 
answer to thegentleman is this: the Govern mentis yield further. Mr. Speaker, I 'vas going On to re- 
composed of three departments—the executive, ju- mark that; notwithstanding all these complaints, 
dicial.and legislative. I understand the first duty of which, in our judgment, have abundantcause 
a good citizen is to obey the laws of the land. The to make, the people of the State which i have thc 
constitutional way ? 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. That is what I 
I stated before what my doctrine was, in 
say. 
answer to the gentleman f'rom Ohio. We wili ex- 
haust ail constitutional means first. Otit doctrine 
is, that it is the duty of every citizen to make his 
application in a constitutional manner,- and -to 
make his resistance in a constitutionål manner, 
as long as that Constitution furnishes a remedy 
for the cvils that are done him; but when they 
are exhausted; when our application iS not heard; 
when our constitutional guarantees are violatcd•, 
when the departments of the Government will not 
hear our request or grant us What is our due under 
, the Constitution, then we have our remedy; thcn, 
