580 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 26, 
II 
as a matter of course, we must fall back upon first may be preserved; and it is with you, gentlemen ple as a reason why they were not for disrupting 
principles, and preserve our rights the best way of the Republican party, to do it. Delay, put it 
off longer, quibble over thése technicalities, and 
we can. 
I was proceeding to ask the Republican party 
why they w_ill not consent to submit the Critten- 
dcn proposition to the people. 
Mr. KILGORE. 1 hope the gentleman from 
Missouri will not forget to anss.,ver my question. 
Mr. Missouri. The gentleman 
from Indiana wants his proposition answered ; and 
will answer it. Sir, we wantnothing more than 
what is •just and -proper. The Crittenden prop- 
osition, we contend, IS nothing more or less than 
carrying out the. principle embodied in the Mis- 
souri compromise. The gentleman says that the 
Crittenden proposition gives constitutional pro- 
tection to slave property south of the, line of 360 
3(Y. Well, sir, I ask any Republican, I ask any 
member of any party in this House, if you pro- 
pose to grant that line, if you are willing to ac- 
knowledge slavery to exist south of that line, does 
not the Constitution of the country demand that 
property shall • be protected there? If you are 
willing to grant that line, is there anything incon- 
sistent on the part of any Republican in voting for 
the Crittenden proposition, and thus giving peace 
to the country? You acknowledge that élavery 
exists there; and all that we ask is, that we may 
have protection for the property which you have 
said ma exist there. 
Mr. {ILGORE. one word further. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
I cannot yield 
again. 
Mr. KILGORE. 1 merely wish to put the 
I merely want to say that the 
gentleman right. 
proposed restoration of the Missouri line embraces 
much more than that. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen tloman 
from Missouri declines to yield; and the gentlc- 
man from Indiana is out of order. 
I tell gentlemen 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
upon the Republican side of the House that now 
is the time, if they desire to prevent the hopeless 
dissolution of Confederacy. Missouri, Ken- 
tucky, Tennessee, Arkansas, Virginia, Maryland, 
Dela'.vare—we are the border slave States; we 
claim to be the conservative portion of this Union ; 
and we not only claim to be the conservative por- 
tion of this Uuion, but '.ve are the sufferers as 
border Slates. We have borne our sufferings with 
patience, but the people of these States are now 
moving. My own State has provided for a con- 
vention to take into consideration what remedy 
they Shall provide. have confidence in the peo- 
le of the State of Missouri. I have known them 
I have lived among them all my life, and I 
know them to be a brave and loyal people, under- 
standing what are their rights, and possessing the 
I have full confidence 
nervo to maintain them. 
that the convention soon to assemble there will 
protect the honor, the safety, and the interests of 
it does not become ma to point out 
my State. 
the course of policy lhcy ought to pursue. But, 
sir, i tell the Republican party that, unless some- 
thing be done soon to allay the existing excite- 
rnent, and to restore harmony to tho country— 
unless, sir, they evince some spirit of conciliation 
and comprornise, and pass some measure of ad- 
justment like the Crittenden proposition , the U nion 
will be severed. Unless something is done, the 
border States, when they assemble by their com- 
missioners in convention, will coöperate with their 
southern brethren, unless they can have secured 
to them the rights guarantied by the Constitu- 
tion—the right of protection to our peculiar prop- 
erty in slaves—without which we cannot live 
with you. 
T hc border States are not in favor of precipi- 
tate action. They have already shown that they 
are not. We have made no threats; but, sir, we 
are not the less determined to act at the proper 
time, as becomes a free and a brave people. Mis- 
souri will not shrink from the responsibility im- 
posed upon her. 
If our constitutional righ ts shall 
be resisted and denied to us, and the Union be 
dissolved, let. gentlemen of the North be. not mis- 
taken or deceived: the border States will confed- 
erate with the States xxvith which they are homo- 
geneou.s in population and institutions. But we 
beg to be relieved from such a dire alternative. 
We implore the party in power to adiusl the pres- 
ent difficulties by granting the South her consti- 
tutional rights. Now is the accepted time; now 
peace may be secured with honor; now the Union 
it. may be too late. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour has 
expired. 
Mr. GILMER obtained the floor. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask that my time 
I have not yet finished all I have 
be extended. 
to say. 
The SPEAKER. Is there objection. There 
was no objection, and it was ordered accordingly. 
Mr. CL'ARK, of Missouri. 1 thank the House 
for its kindness. 
Mr. Spealccr, I want to remark that it is, in 
my opinion, the duty of the border States—Vir- 
ginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Missouri, and Ark- 
ansas—to consult togcthcr. We have the same 
population and the same interests, and our des- 
tiny is inseparable. Missouri is pledged by res- 
olutions, known as the Jackson resolutions—their 
author being our present Governpr—passed in 
1849, thut she would be found coöperating with 
the slavcholding States if the constitutional rights 
of the South were denied by Congress. I under- 
stand that•our, first duty, the first duty of the bor- 
der States, is coöperation. Their ultimate destiny 
will be dctermined by the action of their respect- 
It is in tbe 
ive conventions about to assemble. 
power of this Congress to save the Union. 
While I love the Union; while I avow my de- 
votion to it; while my constituents are devoted to 
it; while they all dcprecate disunion, and would 
do everything not dishonorablc to avoid pesti- 
lence, famine, anarchy, fratricidal war, indeed, all 
the horrors of civil war; yet, sir, we are resolved 
to have our rights. We are resolved to have all 
the rights guarantied to us by our forefathers. 
W c arc resolved not to be placed upon terms of 
inequality and inferiority. If ",ve cannot secure 
our rights in the present confe(leration, we will 
bc coil) pellcd to confrderate where they can be 
secured. 
Mr. GILMER. The storm that now rages in 
South threatened before I left my home. It has 
It is near at 
increased, and still is increasunff. 
It hus been my hope 
band, and is all around us. 
that sorne action of the two Houses of Congress 
would, ere this, have allayed this threatening 
] regret that it has not been done. 
tempest. 
think, I trust, that it is not yet too late for some- 
t.hing to be done by this Congress by which this 
Government may be preserved, and peace aud 
hanuony restored to the greatest nation and the 
I must confess I 
greatest people upon the earth. 
feel discouraged by tho fact that our northern 
friends have, up to this hour, made no demonstra- 
tion. Whether t.hey intend to do so or not, I am 
not assured; but appearances indicate a cold, icy, 
stoical, indifference to this racino• storm in the 
southern States. A final effort, a desperate strug- 
o•le, is now being n)fldc in all the southern States 
to consummate that which South Carolina now 
avows Ehe has had at heart for the last thirty or 
förty years. When I x.-vas a boy, in that gallant 
State the doctrine of nullification was preached. 
It was said to bc a peaceful rerncdy. It was said to 
be tho only constitutional remedy by which differ- 
enccs between a State and the General Govern- 
ment, in relation to pox.vcr, could bc safely settled. 
But when that heresy was crushed out during the 
adm inistration of General Jackson, the next resort 
In order 10 give 
that scnne 
ivas to secession. 
plausibility, it was said to be most peaceful in its 
character. Nullification ncvcr could have had 
many friends—secession never could have had 
many friends, were it not. that their advocates gave 
the most. solemn assurances that they were con- 
stitutional Union men, and excelled all others in 
attach ment to ti'ie Constitution and the Union ; and 
that tlie direction which they led was the better 
for the preservation of both. These pills were 
made acceptable with tlle most seductive assur- 
ances of good designs and peaceful purposes. 
I pass, sir, over many points of history in rela- 
tion to this matter, which go to show that this 
conspiring for disunion has been at work for many 
years, to c.orne down to a day within the last 
twelve months. When the Democratic party per- 
mitted itself to be disrupted by the nullifiers and 
the seceders at Charleston and Baltimore, and our 
nullifying and seceding friends rallied under a 
nomination of Union men, they held up that nom- 
ination of Union candidates to the southern peo- 
this Goycrnment, in case Lincoln was elected- 
They insisted vociferously that they had made 
Union nominations; that they had putat the head 
of their ticket men who were Union men, as show- 
ing they had no design of disrupting the Govern- 
ment, in case they were defeated and Lincoln 
was elected. When they were accused of look- 
ing to disunion in case of defeat, they uniformly, 
in the South—almost without exception in the 
border southern States—denied it most manfully. 
What is the rcsult? The men who regulated and 
controlled that disruption of the Democratic party ; 
the men who enlisted under the Breckinridge 
ticket; the men who have maintained nullification 
as being peaceful in its character—who have advo- 
cated secession as a peaceful remedy: where are 
they? Doing all they can,everywhere,to destroy 
this Union. 
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman permit 
me to interrupt him? 
Mr. GILMER. 1 decline to yield. What is 
said now? What is the course pursued by them 
now? To give the country time for reflection ? 
To give the country time to consider > Are the 
i people allowed to consider what they shall do? 
V'/ hen Georgia was calling her convention, when 
Alabama was calling her convention, when Mis- 
sissippi was caliing her convention, what did we 
see? We found telegram after telegram going 
from this place; not for peace, not for reason, not 
for reflection, but still further to inflame the south- 
ern mind; still further to fire the southern heart; 
still further to run into madness, into inconsid- 
ate action, the whole southern people. North 
Carolina and Virginia are now calling conven- 
tions; and what is the course pursued by; men pro- 
fessing to want to preserve this Union? I wilk 
only call attention to what was published in yes- 
terday's Globe. Here it is: 
A dispatch from Richmond says : Ten Virginia Con- 
gressmen have sent out an address to the people of Virginia, 
giving a review of thc congressional proceedings in refér- 
ence to the great question of the day, and the, probable ac- 
tron or Congress, saving that it is vain to hope for any 
*neasurcs of conciliation or adjustment fronl Congress 
They also 
"'hich the people ot• the South could accept.. 
say that th'ey arc satisfied that the Republican party designs 
by civil war alone to coerce the southern States undef the 
pretext of enforcing the laws, unless it shall become speed- 
ily apparent that .the seceding States are so mnnerous, de- 
termined, and utiited, as to Inakc such an attempt hopeless. 
The address concludes by expressing the so•ernn conviction 
that prompt and decided action by the people ot• Virginia, 
in convention, vvill afford the surest Inean.s, under the pvov- 
idence ot• God, in averting the impending civil war, and 
preserving a hope of reconstructing a Union already dis2 
solved.' 
Here are two ideas, particu!arly dangerous in 
their character, prominent in this address. 
first is, that -Virginia's only safety is in Icavino• 
this Union. And the second is equally fallacious, 
equally dangerous; tind it is, that thul is the only 
I notice also 
way to reconstruct this Government. 
the followino• in the North Carolina Standard, a 
Democratic paper, but witha Union standard, re- 
ferrinq to a letter sent from here by a Senator 
from North Carolina in the other House: 
Among other things, Mr. CLINGMAN charges that the 
'hesitation or division' in the South, and t.h-e 'delay in 
the St.ate' are encouraginf' the Black Republicans; that the 
Black Republicans only want an opportunity to eonjppi 
the South to submit to their d01nination, to the ectcnt ez,.en 
of abolishing slavery, should civif war afford them a toler- 
able pretext-.' 
Why, Mr. Speaker, this idea of a reconstruc- 
tion of the Union is only a part and parcel of the 
fruitful expedients by which the popular mind is 
to be lulled, until the pooplo, deceived by it r are 
drifted into the terrible consequences of the disrup- 
I t,ion of this Government. What, sir; get the fifteen 
slave States of this Union separated from the cieh- 
teen free States as thc proper mode to be pursued 
to procure a reconstruction of this Government! 
There is a purpose and a design in ail this. You 
meet the plain and honest-hear!ed Democrat, or 
an old Whig either, of North *Carolina, or Vir- 
ginia, or Kentucky, 0k' Missouri, and tell him that 
the ultimate design and purpose of the movement 
is to sever finally and forever these slave States 
from the free, and break up this Union, and he 
would shudder at the idea, as the men who voted 
for Breckinridge would have shuddered had they 
—had they been told that, on the 
known the truth 
failure of that ticket, its friends intended to dis- 
solve the Union. The true intention or purpose 
is not made known to them. Should the honest 
farmers, mechanics, and merchants of the South 
