1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
581. 
be told the truth, that the object is the final dis- 
ruption of tbc Government, they would shudder 
at the idea. When you throw outa decoy duck, 
and, tell them this deception, this syren song, that 
this is only a movement of the southern States to 
procure a reconstruction of thi.s Government, I 
sübmit, with great defcrence, that you deceive 
them. Reconstruction! You might as well tell 
me, after you had taken a delicate watch, and put 
it under the ponderous blows of a forge hammer, 
that you only did it that you might reconstruct, 
with perfection, its complex machinery. I have 
no hope that they will ever come to the work of 
reconstruction. But if they should, fear they 
will fail, and I should not, I confess, be much 
surprised if it were to turn out that their first step 
I honor 
had beert to break the main-sprin«r. 
Virginia and North Carolina, and all the south- 
ern States that have not seceded; and desire that 
they shall understand what is really covered up 
in this cry of a readjustment of the Govern- 
ment. 
1 would say to my nortbern friends, to the 
the Republican party, that you have 
it in your power, and that too, I conceive, with- 
out any material sacrifice of any principle valu- 
able to you or any one else, to crush this thing 
out in one hour. You have the power, and you 
ought, to quiet the minds of all reasonable men in 
tho slave States. You have it—and I say it with 
great respect—you have itin your power to crush 
out the enemies of this great and glorious Govern- 
ment. Why, sirs, do you think these ultra men 
insist on what they call protecti01), because it is of 
any value to them? Whenever you say to them, 
take it as you want it, then you hand over to them 
what will be to them their political winding-sheet. 
II is not because it isa thing which is really valu- 
able to the South that they desire protection, nor 
is it because it would be any injury to thc North if 
you grant it. They demand it because thcy think 
you will refuse it; and by your refusal, they hope 
the South will be inflamed to the extent of break- 
in (T up this Government—the tery thing the leaders 
Let me ask you, northern gentlemen—I beg par 
don when I address you as northern men, but you 
are the men to whom I want to appeal—let me 
ask you one question. Suppose the Congress of 
thc United States were to pass a law that no Gov- 
ernor ofa Territory, that no member of a Terri- 
corial Legislatore, that no man of any protninence 
in the Government, should give a vole, make a 
speech, or utter a word against tbc right of a 
slaveholder to settle and remain with his slaves in 
any Territory belonging to this Government, 
north or south: do you think it would make a sol- 
itary slave State more than otherwise would nat- 
urally be, provided the North had an equal chancc 
to emigrate and settle in those Territories? Would 
it make one more slave? There is not a man in 
this House who can now put bis hand upon his 
breast and say that he believes that it would malco 
one slave State more or less, or one frec State 
more or less, or one slave more, or less. And if 
you want effectually to break up this disunion 
movement, you have to do is to risc in your 
and voted with a few conservative men of the 
South, to settle the question by allowing-the peo- 
ple of Kansas to take the matter into their own 
hands, and say whether there should be slavery 
there or not. You did that; and ask you what 
was the result? The result in Kansas shows that 
I there is no harm to•you in that course. On that 
prmciple you triumphed. On that principle main- 
ly, for adopting it in that case, has your strength 
grown up in your section; and I believe there are 
not now, in any section of this Union, many who 
have courage enough to denounce the course then 
taken to settle that difficulty. You triumphed then. 
But, as I think, on a correct, fail' principle, all 
you ought to desire is the maintenance of that 
principle, whether it runs out for you ot asyainst 
you. You have it in your power to maintain it. 
You have elected the President and Vice Presi- 
dent. You have secured the appointing power. 
Then I ask you to consider it again. I ask you 
If you will say to 
to go home and think about it. 
these fire-eaters of the South, ' 'Give us free em- 
igration and"ree settlement, and then a fair vote 
on thc formation ofa Stateconstitution, " you will 
see a set of men die off quicker than you over saw 
a set of men die off before. You will send them 
homc to hide their heads, mourning and disap- 
pointed. I ask you to do it; I implorc you, for 
the sake of the peace, the quiet, and the happi- 
ness of thc greatest people on t.be face of the earth. 
Do it, and to many millions of anxious and ach- 
ing hearts it will give ease. Do it, and you will 
save the greatest people on the face of the earth 
from utter bankruptcy and ruin, and you will put 
an end to the race of a set of men who are acting, 
as I verily believe, like madmen. You will lose 
nothing fbr your section or your party. You will 
gain immeasurably to both, and to the whole coun- 
try. 
But you say there was no such issue as this in 
the canvass; that you did not come here under 
any instructions upon such an issue as this. Nor 
did you when Lccmnpton came here. Your elec- 
tion took place before that swindle was perpe- 
trated and presented to you. You acted then 
without instructions. You acted under the advice 
of southern conservative men, and you got clear 
of that great wrong. You acted under the solemn 
sanction of your oaths, and met that crisis. Do 
so now, and your constituents will approve and 
rejoice in your course. I tell you, if you will only 
be advised by me, who live in the heart of the 
Sout,h—a man in whom i bf.!lieve you have some 
confidence as a fair-minded man—just now be ad- 
vised by me, and your country will say that you 
acted like noble patriots in a crisis which was 
forced upon you. You wilk have the praises of 
all your countrymen, and thousands and millions 
of unborn souls will rise up to say, Blessed be 
the men who stood in this crisis and saved this 
great country." Why, sirs, you tell me Con- 
gress can mnkc slavery go, or not go, wherever 
it pleases. Just as well might you tell me that 
any law that Congress might pass would stop 
the waters of the Mississippi from flowing into 
the Gulf of Mexico, as to tell me that Congress 
could lefyislate sla very out of or into any Terri- 
might in this and say, " Gentlemen of I tory. It canr10t be done. 
the South, just fix it so that t herc shall be equal! More than that, gentlemen, when is this con- 
cnessional legislation to be invoked? When will 
of immigration and settlement in the Ter- 
it. be asked for? Only when the people ofa Ter- 
ritories givcn to au the States; and when the peo- 
ritory indicate their hostility to slavery, and in- 
ple have the power' to form a State constitution, 
•which, as things now stand, will be a very short vade the right. So long as thc people get along 
-time, they shall be permitted to come in with a without sla-very, or peacefully with it, such le- 
It is only when the 
free or a slave constitution, as they desire." Do gislation is not asked for. 
peoplc arc determined not to have it, that Con- 
this, and you could do nothing that would disap- 
How long will 
point the disunionists nqore, or which would so gross could be asked to interfere. 
such legislation be effective ? The peoplc,as in the 
speedily prove their downfall. There would be 
casc of Kansas, will soon decide. Congcessional 
joy and gladness among all the industrious masses; 
but weeping, mourning, and wailing,and a speedy action would not make a slave more or a slave 
I ask the members of t.his House to con- 
end to the ambitious schemes of disunion poli- 
sider. Let by-gones and past differences pass. 
ticianso Why, gentlemen of t.he North, let me 
remind you of the Kansas-Lecompton troubles, Let us coine up to the great work of the peace, 
frauds, and swindles. The manner in which they happiness, and prosperity of our great and be- 
loved country. 
',vere settled was not of your device. As you know, 
at least. Think of •it;til-l ' If.yoü Will 
not; give us the Crittenden: us 
the border-States proposition. •:åf then 
give us the proposition of the committee of -thir- 
ty-three, modified, if you please, to conforms in 
substance and in effect to •the two 
propositions; but let us all go man 
who loves his country and, this Union," for somer 
thing that will certainly give peace to our diétraOtcd 
and distressed countrymen of all sections. 
Sir, am free to say that I :have given Ahe most 
careful examination to these various-propositions; 
and I am cheered to find them all verging so nearly 
to the same-ends. ' They do not differ so widely 
us to justify Union men falling out by the way, 
and failing to agree. The effects expected by the 
adoption of any' one of them ought not to be lost 
I by the adoption of either-of the others. 
In many 
particulars, and for reasons which I have not timo 
now to assign, 1 think of the report ()f the 
committee of thirty-three. - Under all thecircum- 
stances, I incline to the opinion. that their prop- 
osition to adjust the territorial:question should, be 
well considered, because it shows•a feeling on the 
I part of northern gentlemen thatl häd notexpected. 
The objection to the proposition, so far as it relates 
to the Territories, cannot consist in the proposi- 
tion itself; but it must be somewhere else than in 
It must be because it 
what I can see on its face. 
does not come from what gentlemen consider a 
I read it as it is written. I 
desirable source. 
give it, think, a fair and impartial construction. 
And if I do, it means much, and goes a long way 
to adjust and settle all territorial quat rels as to 
the 'I'erritories we now have, or may , hereafter 
have. 
I prefer Mr. CRITTENDEN'S proposition so far 
as it relates to siavery in the Distric.t of Columbia, 
and in the forts, arsenals, and dock-yards. But 
northern gentlemen say, that if you submit, all 
these little questions of constitutional amendment 
to the people, and some of them are voted down, 
you will be worse off than you were before, and 
that these are all small and unimportarv questions 
compared with the question ofsiavery in lhe States. 
The question as to the interference with slavery in 
these places has only had importance in the South 
as settling a principle which they feared Would 
lead to an interference with slavery in the States. 
Whether slavery shall be employed in these places 
or not, is aquestion small compared with the ques- 
tion of slavery in the States; but it becomes an 
important one in the South, because if that power 
were exercised by CongrcSs, our people take it 
for granted that the next step would be to attack 
slavery in the States. But if, as gentlemen pro- 
pose, they will give us a congressional pledge 
upon these subjects, and then give us, as they 
propose, a perpetual guarantee against the inter- 
ference of Congress with slavery in the States— 
the great area or field where it exists—for all time 
to come, by a constitutional amendment, never to 
be altered or disturbed except by the consent of 
all the States of this Union,—if you will do this, 
then conceive the apprehensions of my people 
will, in a great degree, be removed as to thcse 
diminutive localities. When the people of the 
free States have given them a guarantee for tho 
perpetual enjoyment of their institutions in these 
glorious fifteen States, having nine hundred and 
fifty thousand square miles of territory, the best 
rivers in the world, tl'ie most valuable produc- 
tionsof the earth, and the most desirable climate, 
E and also give them a reasonable chance in the 
Territories wherever climate, soil, and produc- 
tions will invite their settlement, then would 
add ress my people, and say that they should stay 
in the Union. With this constitutional, perpetual 
guarantee as to slavery in the States, and a con- 
gressional pledge as to the District, arsenals, and 
dock-yards, I should consider all inducements to 
interfere with slavery in these very small locali- 
ties removed. 
Gentlemen say that this is altogether unneces- 
sary; that you never intend to interfere with sla- 
I say to gentlemen here from the North, con- very in the States; and that you have no power 
a few conservatives of the South had to struggle for 
.a longtime to prevail upon some of you to vote with I sider well Mr. CRITTENDEN's proposition; not now to abolish it in the States. 
I have repeat- 
us upon theCrittenden amendment, because it said because it is so much better than some others as e.dly heard that said here. I do not gainsay it, 
that the peopleof Kansas, a Territory north of the , i to beeomc an ultintatum, or that it should have But I tell you, gentlemen from the North, that 
II less favor with the North by reason of this indi- the item of a letter which I have read to you to- 
line of360 30' , m igh t or m ight not have slavery ,j ust 
day, sent by the Senator to the capital of my 
as they pleased.. Many of vou were cornmrtted vidual opinion c.and idly expressed for myself, 
aøainst there being a") y slaée State nort.h of the but because it seems to be acceptable to our south- State, is only a specimen Of what is preached all 
parallel of 36030' We prevailed on you to join ern friends. Disconnect it, if you choose, from over the South in every neighborhood; and the 
us in making a settlement. At last you came up territory hereafter to be acquired. Give us that II southern people do, whether jåstly or not, hon- 
