582 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 26, 
estly believe that thc Republican party—a great 
and powerful party at the North—do intend to 
interfere with slavery where it exists in the States; 
and if the North will come up in this solemn man- 
ner, and put this perpetual guarantee in the Con- 
stitution against the power of Congress, then the 
men who distrac_t the South with this jdeu will, be 
contradicted by you in At-he most positive and in- 
dubitable manner for all tinw to come. And here 
let me make a remark to northern gentlemen, in 
all kindness, and without meaning any offense to 
any one, You say you have elected your Presi- 
dent constitutionally. I admit it. You express 
wonder and surprise that the South should be 
alarmed at this. Now, let me reason with you. 
The presentation of the converse of a proposi- 
tion sometimes puts the question itself in a dif- 
ferent light. Suppose the position of tbc two 
sections of the Union was reversed; suppose the 
slave States were eighteen, and the free States fif- 
teen; suppose the slave States had majority in 
this House, a mAjority in the Senate, and a ma- 
jority in the electoral college; suppose the slave 
States were to hold a convention, ang appoint the 
place of meeting as far South as they could, say 
at Mobile; that there should be no delegates in 
that convention from the free States; that they 
should nominate two candidates, one from Flor- 
ida and the other from rrexas, and should ',vind 
up thei@proceedings by the adoption of a resolu- 
tion intimating that it is in the power of Con- 
gress, as well as the duty of Congress, to pro- 
vide that. no more free States shall bc admitted 
into the Union, and should elect their candidates 
nominated by the slave States alone; suppose all 
these things wcre to happen, and then speeches, 
assurances, and tclcgrtuns, should be freely cir- 
culaLed through your country, that the South in- 
tend to make all tho States slaveholding States: I 
submit to you, my northern friends, would you 
not be very much warrncd up against that south- 
ern movernent., and begin to feel that you were 
the same principle there established, if carried out, about these slaves, just as Mr. North and Mr. 
would carry slavery into the free States. Who can South originally did for themselves and their fam- 
wonder that that idea, when presented to north- ilies. The question then comes to this: can we 
ern audiences, should excite them against the agree? Is it possible that the sons of American 
South, and set them railing against us? •And so, fathers.cannot agree in this trifling matter? If not, 
when a Democrat gets up before a southern audi- I 
ence and tells them that the great sectional Re- I 
publican party has got the power, and has determ- 
ined to set all the slaves free, who can Wonder 
that they become excited ? Who can wonder that 
the man who owns slaves looks up his old rifle, 
and that he and his sons are for fighting when thus 
assured? Partisansand demagogues have wrought 
all this mischief. The Supreme Court, as I un- 
derstand it, has not decided that tha normal con- 
dition of the Territory is cither slave or free. No, 
sir. I used to think that the Missouri compromise 
was constitutional. Looking to the men who 
passed it, and the long acquiescence of the coun- 
I 
try and of all parties under it, I so concluded. 
thought that partners in land coald divide their 
land as legally and as constitutionally as they can 
sell it or iointly occupy it. 
I can illustrate, in a few words, how I under- 
stand this decision, and the extent to which it has 
gone. Pardon me if I do so by example. Sup- 
pose two old farmers, Mr. North and Mr. Soutb, 
have bought, and cach,owns, a large tract of land 
under a Government which permits slavery. Mr. 
North says he does not want to have slaves on 
his plantation ; he will do without them, and makes 
a family law' that ali slaves brought over into his 
lands shall be free, if they come by the consent of 
the owner. The common Government says this I 
homestead law you may make. But Mr. South I 
owns slaves, and says that he will and does make 
his fmnily law, making ib legal to cornmand the 
obedicncc and service of his slaves. This right 
the Government aforesaid, common to them both, 
recognizes. Thcso old gentlemen, after awhile, 
conclude to buy, for the joint benefit of themselves 
and their families, a large body of new woodland 
but small folks in this Government? Would you adjoinino• or near to their said farm and fami- 
then wc have lost the spirit of our fathers. What 
did they do? W lien they framed the Constitu- 
tion, nearly all the States owned slaves; some did 
not. They recognized and generously provided 
for the rights of all in these then States as to sla- 
very and every other matter. They provided in 
their common organic -law that if a slave ran away 
from his master into a free State, hc should be 
returned. More than that, they agreed, by way 
of compromise, and to form a Union with slave 
States, to let the African slave trade be kept open 
for twenty-one years. That is what they did. 
When North Carolina granted to you Tennessee, 
it was put expressly In the bond that slavery 
should not be abolished by Congress in that Ter- 
ritory. That is what our fathers did. What, 
pray you, would they do if they were here in our 
places to-day? Why, they would •settlesthis ques- 
tion immediately. 'l"hey would not go to dinner 
before they had settled it. They never would have 
broken up this Union rather than do m.vhat I re- 
quest of you to do; ncvcr! When the country 
comes to understand this, and looks back upon 
what our fathers did, this Congress will be dis- 
graced for not having settled this question satis- 
factori!y, and that, too, speedily. Strip it of all 
the misrepresentations and exaogerations which 
have been so improperly crowded around it to 
create sectional jealousy and hatred, and it bc- 
comes one so smjpte and plain, 
that were the 
plain, honest masses herc that we assume to rep- 
resent, they would settle it before the going down 
of another sun. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to refer to the prop- 
osition of the comrnittee of thirty-three. I am not 
disposed to look bchind their action to see what 
this member or that member of the committee 
may have said. The country will make up its 
judgment on the report itself. What do they rec- 
ommend? To let the Dred Scott decision alone. 
They say in silence to the South, you have got 
that Dred Scott decision in your favor; it gives to 
not feel like looking out fbr yourselves, at least 
•to the extent of asking for some guarantee? I 
throw out this idea by way of some excuse or 
extcnuation of these ravings and threatenings to 
the peace and quiet of this country. 
It is my honest opinion—and in that I agree 
with the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. MILLSON] 
—that our present territorial question is substan- 
tinny settled, and that it is rather an excuse for 
agitation. I incline•to the opinion that in the 
future, as heretofore, soil, climate, and produc- 
tions would settle this question of slavery in the 
Territories, if peace and quiet were restored. 
After all that has been said and done, Congress 
has never madc a free State out of any Territory 
that nature intended for a slave State, and has 
never made a slave State out of territory where 
froc labor could be profitably ernployed. You 
cannot, by your Wilmot proviso, prevent the cs- 
tablishunel')t of slavery in any terri tory '.vhero the 
people can use compulsory labor better and with 
more profit than any other, and where they can 
cultivate rice, tobacco, cotton, indigo, and sugar, 
better than anything else. When such a terri- 
tory has got a population large enough for the 
establishment of 
a government, ar)d you tender 
them u territorial government, with the Wilmot 
proviso in it, they will th row it back in your faces; . 
and when they have sufficient population for a 
State, they will organize a crovcrnmcnt of their 
own, republican i)) form, and apply for admission, 
and, according to your own principlc, you will 
be bound to admit them. 
I am only showing you 
what a very little t.hing it is that we have got this 
country so much bv the cars about, and if we get 
in a proper humor; how casy it would be for sen- 
Sible geritlemen to together and settle it. 
Why, gentlemen, pray what is this territorial 
question ? 
It is one that hus only ass'tune,d its im- 
Fjortance within a short time, because ultra par- 
tisans have magnified and misrepresentcd it for 
the purpose of inflaming the public mind North 
and South, In this they have succeeded to a most 
lies, and take a common deed to the land, join in 
the payment of the purchase-money, and the deed 
is nutde to them and their heirs. All this being 
in the course of a few weeks Mr. 
completed, 
North goes, with his sons and apprentices, oxen you your slaves and your right to hold them in 
and carts, out into this newly purchased land to all the rrerritories North and South; but we have 
(rot the power to secure free settlements and fair 
and Mr. South sends his sons and 
cut timber, 
slaves, with horses and wacons, to do the same. decisions in the Territories, and '.ve will take care 
of the northern territory ourselves. We leave 
When these parties meet on these newly pur- 
chased lands, and a quarrel begills, Mr. North II you the southern territory under circumstances 
addresses the sons of Mr. South, and says that, which will enable you to establish slavery there, 
although the land is common to both families, i if you ever could do it under any circumstances. 
Mr. South had no right to send his slaves into 
this new purchase; and in consequence of this, 
and his (Mr. North's) homestead law, the slaves 
arc free. N.o, sir, reply the sons; these slaves, by 
law common to us both, bclongcd to: our father 
on the old place. We have a joint right and a 
joint possession to this land with you. We have 
not left our possession. We are as much at home 
with these slaves and these horses, as- you are 
with your oxen and apprentices. Mr. North re- 
plies, if you want your neo•roes to work on.this 
land, you must set them free, or will set them 
free. T hc sons of Mr. South say, if you do, wc 
will do as much harm to you. So here arises the 
question . 
The Supreme Court decides that neither ofthcsc 
parties l)ave oono ft•cnn home; they are tenants I 
In common; and the same rights of property that 
cach had at and in their first homes, they retain 
when they meet on the new purchase, the con- 
dition of which, after the said joint purchase, must I 
be mixed, and must assimilate itself to the con- 
dition, rights, and interests of its joint owners. 
But suppose an honest, ilnpartial néighbor should 
cmne up while the quarrel progressed between the 
parties, and they would agree to leave the matter 
in dispute to him: ho would not likely decide' 
that the necrroes were free 
he would more likely 
advise them to divide their new lands as nearly 
equal between them as they could, and each stay 
We leave the Dred Scott decision untouched, 
uncontradicted,and without criticism, by making 
no reference to it in the compromise. Take your 
southern territory, under the compromise of 1850, 
and under the Dred Scott decision, and with the 
protection and the right to sue for your slaves, 
which it declares, and do just. what you please 
with it; and we will take the territory north of the 
Missouri line just in the same way; we ask no 
prohibition anywhere in any territory. You can- 
not make that north of 360 30' slave territory; and 
thereforc we care nothing for the Dred Sc.ott de- 
cision. But do you take the southern territory, 
with the Dred Scott decision;- take it now, whilst 
the status of slavery is upon it, fixed by territo- 
rial law, and make a slave State out of it if you 
can. We ask no prohibition of slavery north of 
the line. We trust to climate, soil, and produc- 
tions. If any of your negroes come over into our 
territory, the few that come, or are b;ought, may 
remain until the people of the rrerritory, in form- 
ing a Slate constitution , shall otherwise determine. 
If I am not mistaken, and I think I cannot be, in 
my construction there is no other on its face. I 
think this proposition may bc safely accepted by 
the South. 
It not only applies to the territory that 
.wc now have, but it applies also to what w-e ever 
mav have. 
I would have southern gentlemen 
think of it. 
But it is said that there are men in the North 
with his own persons and things on his own side. who make war upon the Dred Scott decision. 
fearful and alarming extent. This is the true But if told the court common to both parties had I 
ask, is this the first decision of the Supreme Court 
complaint with which we are afflicted. This is decided that this cannot be done constitutionally, that was over denounced by apolitical party? Our 
the disease which has brought us to the verge of the neighbor would then likely advise the parties Democratic friends talk now much about stand- 
to make friends, get on frieidly and peaceably ing by the decisions of the Suprerne Court. 
the grave. 
i'Vhy, sir, I find in the newspapers of the day II with their persons and things, the men-Ibers 
think I noticed that at Charleston a little resolu- 
that our northern friends say we have got the Dred of the faunily marry, and setile new farms or plan 
- tion was offered commuting the Democratic party 
Scott decision; that that decision makes slavery tations on these newly-purchased lands, and then to bc bound by the decisions of the Supreme Court 
the nornnzal condition of the Territories; and that let these new families determine each for itself on all constitutional questions; but it did not get 
