584 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 26, 
'publican party, upon the question of slavery , is thc 
Eßärhe as that occupied by all the great statesmen 
'Of the past, both North and South, and with the 
indisputable facts staring us in the face, that the 
material interests of this great country can only 
be fully developed by a- system of free labor—we 
are* dalled upon to stifle our convictions of right, 
to Close our earSto the calls of humanity, to ceaS.e 
writing and speakingagainst to give 
it free license for its extension throughout God 's 
heritage. i have heard men of the South say that 
we must do all this and more; we must change the 
hear.ts of our people, and make them believe, with 
the South, that slavery is right, and not, as we 
think now, a curse and a crime, buta blessing to 
the master and a mercy to the slave. This, of 
coürse, we can never do. 
The freemen of the North believe slavery to be 
•Wrong—a sin against God and a crime against 
man—and they cannot and they will not be re- 
sponsible for its further extension. So far as I am 
concerned, by no word or deed of mine shall sla- 
very obtain any new constitutional guarantees. 
The people of the North believe they have no 
power, and they have no desire, to meddle with 
the institution of slavery in the States. They do 
not feel that they are at all responsible for it there; 
and therefore it is no burden upon their con- 
science. But not so with thc Territories. There 
they regard themselves as responsible for it; and 
no power on earth could compel my constituents 
to consent to its protection there. 
The people of the South groatly mistake the 
sentiment of ihe North. They think this oppo- 
sition to slavery is grounded upon prejudice and 
ill-will to the South; that their hatred of the South 
and its institutions is incffacabie and implacable; 
that this slavery question is a merc question of 
property. Would to God that thc southern mind 
could be disabused of this false imprcssion! I 
bclicvo there is no sacrifice that could be named, 
involving mere pecu niary considerations, that the 
North would not cheerfully make to restore peace 
and harmony to our distractcd country. But to 
be called upon to sacrifice their long-clH)1'ished 
convictions of right and duty, is more than they 
can consent to, be the conscguenccs what they 
may. 'Ro accuse us of hating the South, because 
we cannot in conscience be responsible for any 
further guarantecs for slavery, is no morc reason- 
able than it would bc for Quakers to nceuse Bap- 
tists of hating them because they could not In 
conscience become Baptists, or for Baptists to ac- 
cuse Quakers of hating them bectiuse they would 
not abandon their conscientious convictions, and 
believe as they do. No, indeed; if it was a ques- 
tion of mere property it could bc speedily settled, 
be the amount never so large. My constituents 
are willing to live up to and-fulfill all their consti- 
obligations, and will be quitc content to 
live on in thc future as in tbc past, leaving slavery 
where it belongs, unmolested in thc States. If the 
Union can be upon this basis, God he 
praised; if not, then they arc ready to take thc 
consequences. 
I think have shown that the action ofthc North 
furnishes no reasonable ground of complaint. 
How has it been with the action of the South? 
Let us sec how far she has bccn just to the North. 
For half a century or morc, the South has vir- 
tually had possession of the national Government; 
and during that whole period, a very large ma- 
jority of the revenues for the support of the Gov- 
ernment have been paid by the people of the North ; 
and (luring a greater portion of that time, more 
than three quarters of the whole revenue has been 
taken from the pockets of the people of thc North. 
Any man who has bestowed much thought upon 
this matter, and who will take the trouble to in- 
vesticrate it thoroughly, will bc convinced of the 
truth ofthcse declarations. Now, so far as offices 
and appropriations are concerned, the South has 
always had the lion's share. Her sons have mo- 
nopolized, to a very great extent, all the best offices 
Its honors and emoluments 
of the Government. 
have been lavished upon the men of the South, 
with an unsparing hand. Of all this, thc North I not give them additional guarantees for protection 
because the condition aid institutions of the South 
are not conducive to the growth and development 
of such minds. Therefore it is that filmostcvery 
southern mind, in whose bosom glows the fires 
of ambition, turne his attention to the glittering 
prizes and high honors of the Government. Not 
so with the North. While she has furnished to 
the Government many eminent statesmen , of great 
ability, vast attainments, and liberal culture, I 
think it but fair to say, that, as a generat propo- 
sitions her highest type of mind is not to be found 
in administering the Government. Therefore it 
is, that in all political contests, notwithstanding 
the acknowledged superior power of the North, 
and her greater numbers, the South has almost 
always been victorious. 
Had the South used her power prudently and 
acted wisely, she would have controlled the des- 
tinies of this Government for generations yet to 
come. Had she even administered the Govern- 
ment as she always had done, with but little re- 
gard to the development of the material interests 
of the North, and with an eye single to the inter- 
ests of the South only, but refrain&l from attempt- 
ing to coerce the North into a surrender of their 
deep-rooted conscientious convictions of right and 
duty, Abraham Lincoln would not have been to- 
day President elect of these United States. But, 
flushed with victories so constant and thorough, 
and maddened by every expression of opposition 
to their peculiar institution, they commenced a 
work of proscription and aggression upon the 
rights of the people of the North, which has 
finally forced them to rise in their might and drive 
them from power. They commenced their ag- 
gressions upon the North in some of thc south- 
ern States by the enactment of unconstitutional 
laws, imprisoning colored seamen , and refusing to 
allow those laws to be tested before the proper 
tribunals. They trampled upon the sacred right 
they rifled and burnt our mails, if 
of petition ; 
they suspected they contained anything in con- 
(lcmnation of slavery. They proscribed every 
northern man from office who would not smother 
and deny his honest convictions upon slavery, 
and barter his inunhood for place. They an- 
noxed foreign territory avowedly to extend and 
and made 
stfcngthcn their peculiar institution, 
war in defönse and support of that policy. They 
refused admission into the Uni01'1 of States with 
free constitutions, unless they could have, as an 
equivalent, new guarantees for slavery. They 
passed a fugitive slave bill , some of the provisions 
of which were so merciless, and unnecessary as 
they were inhurnan, that they would have dis- 
"raced the worst despotism of' Europe. Thcy 
which 
rcpcale.d that " Missouri compromise mct, 
they had themselves forced upon the North, 
against their wishes and their votes; and after 
having attained all their share of the benefit, they 
struck it down, against the indignant and almost 
unanimous protest of the whole North, for the 
purpose. of forcing slavery upon an unwilling peo- 
people. They undertook to prevent, by violent 
rncans, tho settlement of Kansas by free-State 
men. r I'hey invaded that Territory, and plundered 
and rnurdcred its citizens by armed force, with 
arms belonging to, and taken from, the National 
Government. They imposed upon its people ar- 
bitrary, wicked, and bogus legislation by a fraud- 
ulent Legislature. They were left to the tender 
mercies of border ruffians, unprotected by the 
'.11hese peaceable inhabit- 
Federal Government. 
ants were subjected to fire, pillage, and murder, 
by these invaders, at the instigation of southern 
counsels. Not satisfied with all this, they tried 
to force upon them, against their consent, a con- 
stitution permittirp ai)d protecting slavery • and 
for spurning the bribe," they have been kept 
oat of tho Union, and made to suffer all manner 
of indignities. Every new triumph of the South 
and every concession by the North has only 
whetted their appetite for still more, and encour- 
aged them in making greater claims and more un- 
reasonable demands, until to-day they are threat- 
eniog the overthrow of the Government if we do 
have ncvcr seriously complained; and it results 
from two causes: the jealousy of the South of 
northern influence generally; and the fact that 
almost the only avenue to distinction in the South 
is in connection with the Grovernment. 
There are few men of distinction in the South, 
in science, in literature, or in mercantile pursuits; 
to their slave proporty in territory which we do 
If this has been the action of the 
not nov„r own. 
South, and such aro her monstrous and unreason- 
able demands upon tbc North, is it not well to 
inquire the value of this connection with the 
South, and the consequences to us and, to her of 
severing the tie which now binds us together? 
In a speech which I made in this House on the 
30th day of April last, I used the following lan- 
guage : 
But we of thc North are not only threatened wit.h a 
dissdution of the Union, in the event of a contingency, 
which think is sure to happen, nameiy, the election of a 
is to be established itnmediately with the North, and the 
South will pnrehase no more-of her products. This is, in- 
deed, alanning ; but let us inquire how this is to be effected. 
Everything that the Söuth has to sell, her poverty cornpels 
her to scll for cash only ; while everylhing we dispose of to 
"I'he South 
the South, we give her a liberal credit upon. 
to-day cannot, in my opinion, pay its debts ; and it has not 
property enough, in my judgment—not what we Of the 
North call property—to pay seventy-five cents on the dollar 
Why, if yon except the last few years, in which t.he. South 
has been remarkably prosperous, owing to the high price 
of her products—a state of things which it is impossible 
should last; and tbe North has lost more money at the 
South a great deal than she has ever madc by the trade of 
the South ; and there is scarcely a northern merchant who 
has not been obliged to depend upon his profits from custom 
received froun the middie and western States to 'Deet his 
I remember well 
losses suffered in trade at the South. 
that in the great commercial revulsion that swept over this 
country like a tornado in 1837, every northern merchant 
that 'I knew •in all the northern cities that dealt exclusively 
with the South failed and was ruined. The saine thing 
again oceurrcd in 1842—the year in which the United States 
bankrupt law was passed, which wiped out untold millions 
of southern indebtedness ; znore, in tact, than the profits of 
the wholc t.rade of the South would then amount to for half 
a score of years. The only houses that survivcd those two 
storrns were those which had kept clear of trading with the 
South. 
Mr. Speaker, what I then said I fully believed, 
and thought I knew. It has now become history, 
which no one thinks of denying. 
much with the South, and my own experience is 
I have bestowed 
corroborative of these views. 
much thought and investigation upon the subject, 
and am willing to stake my reputation as a mer- 
chant upon the record of the declaration that, 
commercially and financially, if you take into view 
only the business interests of the two sections, the 
North would be better off if this Union should be 
dissolved to-morrow. Evcn if this Union is to be 
perpetuated, in my opinion the South never will, 
and never can , pay one half of its indebtedness to 
the North without corvracting new debts to help 
meet its old obligations. The whole property of 
all the cotton States, if you except slaves, will 
not equal, by many millions, in my judgment, 
that of the State of Massachusetts. The great 
staple of the South, about which she boasts so 
much, and with which she is to move the world, 
does not amount to one half as much as the annual 
products of Massachusetts. And I will venture 
the prediction, that within eight years American 
cotton will not be of one half the relative import- 
ance to manufactures that it is to-day, from 
causes which I have not time now to enumerate; 
and the introduction of flax will diminish the use 
of it very materially. 
I have spoken of the property of the South, if 
you except slaves. But why except slaves? Be- 
cause they are not property, only in a conventional 
sense. They arc not good for anything to pay 
debts with beyond the community where slavery 
is legalized; and they add nothing to the aggre- 
gate. wealth ofa country or a community. 'llhey 
are no more property, so far as thc wealth of the 
community is concerned, than our population at 
the North is property. All labor adds to the pro- 
ductive wealth ofa country; and the only differ- 
ence between slave labor and free labor, in this 
connection, is, that our laborer ns his own 
labor, and the slave's labor is owned by another; 
and being forced labor, is tess productive than the 
other; consequently less valuable as a source of 
illustration, perhaps, that can be given than in 
peon slavery. Peons are held to sarvice, and can- 
not control their own labor, becausc it is owned 
by another; and yet they are not property; but 
they are quite as much property, so far as the 
If, therefore, you 
State is concerned, as slaves. 
deduct the estimated value of the slaves from the 
aggregate property of the South, the balance pre- 
sents but a mea•er show; not much more than 
enough, certainly, to pay its indebtedness to 
others. 
But I think I •hear the question asked, how will 
the trade of the North be improved by a separa- 
tion from the South? Because the want of thrift 
at the South is such, and the system of long and 
loose credits prevails to such an extent thcrc, that 
a large portion of the southern trade is not worth 
