590 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 28, 
The resohltions were laid on the table, and 
ordered to be printed. 
MISSION OF PEACE FROM.VIRGINIA. 
Mr. MASON. I now renew my motion. 
Mr. WILSON. Will the to 
presenta etition ? 
Mr. MRSON. I would cheerfully yield, but 
suppose there arc many other petitions. 
1 ask 
that _the message be read. 
The Secretary read the President's message. 
Mr. MASON. The resolutions of the Legis- 
lature, I believe, accompany the message. I ask 
that they also may be read. 
The Secretar read them. 
Mr. MASOd. Mr. President, I move that the 
message, together with the accompanying docu- 
rnents, be• printed. I malce the motion in order 
to enable me, with the permission of the Senate, 
to say a few words upon the message. I shall 
subsequently ask that they bc laid upon the table 
as well as printed. 
The message of the President communicat.es to 
the Senate certain resoluE.ions adopted by the Gen- 
eral Assembly of Virginia, now in session, ex- 
pressive of the sense and earnest desire of that 
State, so far as that sense can be expressed by the 
legislative body, in regard to the great move- 
mcnt which has already separåted thc States of 
this Union. They were not communicated to thc 
Senate by the General Assembly of Virginia; but, 
as shown by one of the resolutions, they were 
communicated officially and formally to the Pres- 
ident of the United States by t.he General Assem- 
conceives to be the magnitudc aud importance of 
the occasion, as well expressed by the President 
in his tues.sage, Virginia thought it an occasion 
to bring from a dignified and honored retirement 
one of her sons, who had cnjoye(l not the confi- 
dence of Virginia alone, by being elevated to the 
hi"hcst posts in the jublic service of that. State, 
throuto•h t.hc vote 
but who subsequent y becan)e., 
of all the Statcs, the President, 
States; an houornblc mission confidcd to honora- 
hands. 
The purpose of tho resolutions, Mr. President, 
is twofold: first, to initn•rn the President that, Vir- 
giniil has undertaken the office of' mediating be.- 
tt.veen the two ("reat scctions of the country, in 
the hopc that, rneasures bc devised WII ic.h, if 
they could not avert that which had already hap- 
pened—lbe dissolu lion of the Union of the Stales— 
might be the means of' healing that rupture 
of restoring the Union under guarantees and pro- 
visions that might be satisfactory to both sections. 
The next object of the resolutions was, to induce 
the Prcsiden•t of the United States, as the execu- 
tive department of' this Government, so far ns Iny 
with Inm, to refrain froin any act which n)ight 
briner int() collision the public power of the United 
States with the public power of the States that 
have soccded, from a knowledge that, if such col 
lision once ensued , it would bc beyond the 
of any man to avert. that greatest of ail 
t.llis country and to mankind— 
catastrophes to 
civil war between the Stn tes of this Union a I'ld the 
people of thosc other States. It was n 'rreat tikis- 
Sion wh ich Virginia has thus instituted in Ilie hope 
expressed by thc resolutions: that this existin'M 
rul')ture of tho States rnigl-ht be healed, and that , 
every effort should be rnade in t.he mean time to 
avoid that æreatest catastrophe—civil war. The 
Preside \lt, in comtnunicat,ing those resolutions to 
Congress, has responded to the spirit of the Gen- 
erul Assembly, and has expressed the earnest 
hope that the ol.)jccts of the Gencrai Assembly 
may be attained Congress refraining from any 
act, which would tend to lead to that collision. 
Mr. President, it is known that Virginia has 
participated in this movement as one of the States 
affected. I-ler General Assem bly w•ns called into 
special session immediately after Congress l)'let, 
and the first act of that General Assembly '.vas to 
summon the people of the 'State in convention. 
That convention is to meet within three weeks 
frorn time—I think the day is the 13th of Feb- 
ruary—and the great purpose of Virginia in lhc 
mission tl'iat. she has instituted now, to Washing- 
ton, is to induce the Federal authorities to refrain 
ft•mn ari y act which shall complicate and irretrieva- 
bly complicate the existing issues between the 
How is that to be done? 
North and the South. 
The President has said in his message that very 
little power rests with him; that he considers it 
his duty, a duty incumbent upon his offce, to pro- 
vide for the security of the public property so far 
as it may be within his power; he has no author- 
ity to initiate any act of hostility, and disclaims 
any pu rpose of doing so if it were within h is power. 
I trust, sir, that this great object of Virginia in i 
preserving the public peace between the opposing 
sections, for the time-being at least, may be suc- 
cessful. We know the Senate has been officially 
informed that, of the thirty-three States that con- 
slituted this Union , six have separated themselves 
from it by formal acts of the political community I 
in each State, transacted as a political commu- 
I think, Mr. President, we all see evidences 
from that quarter of tho country that there is no 
purpose on their part to break the. peace. I think 
it is very natural, in such a state of things as ex- 
ists in the disordered condition of the times there, 
that the public mind should be very much inflamed 
and aroused, almost from its foundations. There 
may be a diffculty in regulatino• or moderating 
public sentiment; but I •think we have seen evi- 
dences that the authorities there have done it; and 
we havc seen—at least I have seen—nothing but 
an earnest desire on their part to be allowed to 
keep the public peace. 
Nor, Mr. President, have they been actuated 
nity. That is_a fact accomplished. Those States in this by anything like fear. They would meet 
declare that they are now no longer members of a like disposition on tbc part of the Federal Gov- 
this Confederacy. None can doubt, I presume, i ernment with joy; but, in the language of the old 
I Indian chief, which has been immortalized by thc 
from the evidences before our senses almost, thal 
other States are to f0110',v. T lie great object of pen of one of Virginia's statesmen: Do not har- 
Virginia in the mission instituted by these reso- bor a thought that that would be the joy of fear." 
lutions to Congress, or to the President more prop- I say, sir, I believe those States are actuated at 
erly—for they wore addressed only to him—is to this moment by an earnest desire to refrain from 
every act which would break the public peace. 
preserve the l)ublic peace, in the hope, as ex- 
pressed in the resolutions, that if it bc the pleas- The State of Virginia has invoked a like dispo- 
sition on the part of this Government. 
ure of the other Statcs to send comrnissioners 
It is the only mode now 
here to nu.iet those delegated by Virginia, they it will be successful. 
unay devise some additional amendment to the left, under the direction of thc Supreme Being, 
Constitution in some fornu that will guaranty the by which the pcoplc of this country can bc saved 
riglits of the rninorily section , which will be foal'ld from a civil war, and restored to Government re- 
lations, in some form, under auspices that Inav 
aeccptuble to aki the southern States, and may oven 
win back those who have separated thetnselvos 'i yet lead a united country back to that great path 
from the Union; or if that cannot be done, and if, l' 
in the of the Almighty, it should be 
decreed that the existing conföderation is to be I 
great continent shall bc preserved notwithstand- 
in"', an(l if it shall result that these controverted 
questions are of character which will admit of I 
110 solution satisfactory to the minority section, 
still that the peacc of thc contineo)t shall be pre- 
n, opportunity allowed 
served notwithstandin€r 
that grent fund ot• sense which is found 
in cvcry section to interpose aud take up the sub- 
ject as it tuay bc foutl(l by events, and sec if the, 
existing Union cannot bc restored, or if some 
other of union, in the nat ure of a reconstruc- 
tion, cannot be devised, which , whilo it would in- 
sure the security of all, rrinjori lies and Ininorit.ic.s, 
would conduce to the great, in terests, the perma- 
nent interests, the abiding interests of' the great 
people 'vvho are diffused all over the States. 'I'hat 
is the ulterior end. 
it is a great, and an honorable office which my 
honored and venerated State has undertaken. 
Should it unfortunately occur, 
however, cither 
from impatience in the States that have separated, 
or from any undue and over zeal in any department i 
or tbc Federal Govern t.hat the two .scctions 
should bc brought into collision, there, is an cnd 
of nll negotiation. Men never negotiate in war. 
There IYHtst, be a peace first. 
there. bo any hon- 
able Senator on this floor, or any citizen of any 
ouc of' the States, who, under existintr events, yet ! 
tho belief that an at ton) pt to enforce, the 
Federal laws in thc States that have. declared them- 
selves beyond the .@cdcral jurisdiction is not an I 
act which leads to war,and to war alone, never was 
I 
such a Senator or such a ciliz.cn inore deluded. 
havc had occasion to say heretofore. I speak 
it now sir, cert.ainly not in anoer; but I should 
speak it in if I could be brought, to con- 
template such an cvcnt. 
think too, Mr. President, that wc have evi- 
denccs—daily evidences—from that section of the 
coun try which has separated itselffrom this Un ion , 
that, while the authorities there have thought it 
necessary, as measures of precaution, to possess 
thernselvc.s, in the several States, of the forts, ar- 
senals, navy-yards, and iiiilitarv Inateu•ials found 
within their limits, acknowledging them to bc a 
portion of tho public. property n ll' the time, they 
' have done so with no Intent on part to make 
thcy have done so, as they conceived, only \ 
war; 
as measures of necessary, prudent precaution, in 
the event that any war should unlittppilybe waged 
on thenl. And I think honorable Senators on the 
other side will respond to the (leclaration, w hon 
I say that t,llere is not one of those States, w hern 
they shall bc restored to the Union, if they shall 
be restored, or when the Governrnent shall be rc- 
constructed, if it shall be reconstructed, or when 
peace shall be concluded, if war shall now follow, 
who will not account for every dollar of the pub- 
lic propcrt.y that they have taken. 
of prosperity and strength and honor from which 
th'py have been diverted from the present (as I 
cohsi• er it) necessary movement on the part of 
tho States. 
I have deemed it incumbent upon me, Mr. 
President, as t.his mediation originated with rny 
State, to respond to the sentiments expressed in 
the message, in an earnest desire that the public 
peace may be preserved until events work out in 
their own way, the great, revolution which is im- 
pcilding, or rather which is perfected in six of the 
I move that the papers be 
States of this Union. 
printed, and laid on the table. 
Mr. HALE. listened to the Senator 
frcnn Virginia, and to the message of the Presi- 
dent transmitting the resolt_ttions of t hc State of 
Virginia, I trust with all the respect and solici- 
Rude which they demand ofa man occupying tho 
place which I do; but want to ask the Seriator 
fron•l Virginia a single question. and I can assure 
him do il in no captious spirit, but with a sin- 
cerc desire that the country may know everything 
It is this: whether the State of 
that is going on. 
Virginia, in the solemn and deliberate action she 
has taken in her appeal to the Federal Govern- 
ment not to make war, she not having as yet fired 
a single gun, also, at the sa•me time, thought it 
necessary to appeal to any Statc of the Union 
that has -put herself in a warlike attitude, to re- 
frain and keep hands off until thc question is set- 
tled ? 
I ask for information. 
Mr. MASON. The object of Virginia wrould 
have been very imperfectly attempted, had Vir- 
frinia not dono exactly what the honorable Sen- 
at.or has inquired. Virginia sent a commissioner 
here, one of her rnost distinguished and honored 
citizens, to bear the connnunication to the Pres- 
idcnt asking forbearance of thc Federal Govern- 
ment; and the resolutions show that at the same 
tinu2 she sent John Ro{jertson, a o•entlenoan who 
also shares the unbounded confidence of the State, 
as he has shared its honors, as a commissioner 
to ail the States that have yet separatcd, or that 
may separate, upon the same mission, entreatincr 
them to forbear froin any hostile act. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. wish to offer a few 0b- 
servations upon this subject; but I understand 
thc honorable Senator from Califörnia desires to 
have the Pacific railroad bill taken up. 
I do not 
wish to interfere with that or other special orders. 
Go on.' 
I do not desire to do so at this time. 
I shall not occupy rnore than half an hour of the 
time of the Senate possibly; but if it is agreeable 
to the Senator from California, as I understand 
it is, for this subject to go over until to-morrow 
or thc next day, 'I an-I perfectly satisfied; and if 
it does not interfere with any other Senator, I 
ask him to designate any later day than to-mor- 
row, when I pnight occupy the floor for a short 
time on this subject. 
Mr. GWYN. say one o'clock on Wednesday. 
that it 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 assent to that, 
be postponed until one o'clock on Wednesday, 
