1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
59i 
and then, if agreeable to. the Senate, I desire to the people as a mass of individuals, but as po- 
litical body or community; and the issue is, does 
offer a few' observations on this subject. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. F00T in it reside in the whole people of the United States 
the chair.) The Senator from North Carolina as a political community, or does it remain in the 
moves that the further consideration of this subject people of the several States, forming distinct, sep- 
be, postponed until Wednesday next, and made arate communities, though united for-special pur- 
the special order for that day at one o'clock. 
Mr. MASON. That order does not include 
the motion to print I suppose ? 
Mr. CLINGMAN. My object is merely to 
discuss the suuject briefly, not to makc an elab- 
orate s eech. 
Mr. BESSENDEN. Let it pass over, then. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 prefer its going over. 
That will not interfere with tho motion to print. 
Mr. MASON. we can settle it in this way: 
let the motion to print be put, and I hope carried ; 
and then move to print an additional number, and 
let that go over. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. well, sir, 1 am willing it 
should take that course, and will make the motion 
in that form. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques- 
tion is on the motion to print the usual number. 
The motion was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is further 
moved to print an extra number of this cömmu- 
nication. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 move that that be post- 
poned until Wednesday next. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 wish to address the Sen- 
ate, and have desired to do so for some days, i 
do not know that a better opportunity will offer 
than the present, and particularly as my time will 
be short here. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then 1 will give way. 1 
made that tnotion on conferencc with the Senator 
from California; but I yield to tho Senator be- 
cause I am well aware of tho condition of things 
hope that, after he 
existinr.•r ill his own State. 
has concluded, the subject may be disposed of in 
the wav I indicated. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the sen- 
ator from North Carolina withdraw the motion 
to postpone? 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Yes, sir. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is 
withdrawn. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 ask the Senator, when 
he concludes, to move to postpone it in the man- 
ner I have indicated. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. Yes, sir. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
now is on ordering an extra number of copies of 
the communication to be printed. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. Mr. President, the right 
of a State to withdraw from the Union is the 
transcendent issue beCore the country, and I pro- 
pose to give it a brief discussion. If it be legal, it 
should be pcaceful; if not—if but a right of rebel- 
lion—it involves war and subjugation, unless the 
rebellion becomes successful revolution. 
Whether the secession of a State be the exer- 
cise of a legal or revolutionary right, must depend 
ultimately upon the question of sovereignty. 
W herc is that paramount power vested? It must 
exist in every natiorz, and as perfectly in one form 
of govern *Ylent as another. 
171 1 Blackstone's Commentaries, pp. 48, 49, it 
is said that— 
However the severai formsof government we now see 
in the world at first actually began, is matter of great un- 
It is not 
certainty and has occasioned infinitc disputes. 
now- 
my business or intention to enter into any of them. 
ever they began, or by what right soeverthey stibsist, there 
is and :nust be in all of them a supreme, irresistible, abso- 
lute, and uncontrolled authority, in which jura summi im- 
perii, or the rights of sovereignty, reside." 
In a despotism, the monarch is sovereign. In 
Great Britain the sovereignty is lodged in the 
King, Lords, and Commons. These are the sov- 
creigns; because the acts of tho despot and of the 
legislative authority of Great Britain control all 
individuals and ail other powers of the State, and 
In Amer- 
are subject to no revision or reversal. 
ica it is an undisputed political axiom that sov- 
ereignty resides in the people. Governments, in 
this country, are not sovereigns; t.hcy arc re- 
strained by constitutions, which arc mere charts 
or grants of power from the people, who can ab- 
roffat-e these charts, their cn•ants, institute 
new governments, and in whom only can reside 
the •rights of sovereignty, that sum of all civil and 
political power, which controls all authorities, 
and is controlled by none. Sovereignty is not in 
poses in a Federal Union? This is a practical 
Issue, and depends on historical facts. 
That the colonies werö distinct and separate 
from each other, having the same executive head, 
but no political connection, is as indubitable as 
any fact upon the records of history. That the 
delegates in the Continental Congress did not rep- 
resent the whole people of the colonies as one 
political body , but th&t each delegation was Chosen 
and appointed severally, by each several colony, 
to attend the Congress of delegates" from the 
I other colonies, and assist in devisino•means for the 
perpetuation of their liberties, is a fact attested by 
the Journals of the Congress. Each delegation 
presented its credentials from the respective col- 
ony 01' province from which it had been deputed. 
'['he vote was by colonies; each colony having 
but one vote. No question could be determined 
on the day of its debate if " any colony" desired 
(Journals of Congress, vol- 
its postponement. 
ume 1, pago 7.) Their first declaration was in 
the name ofthe «ood people" of the several colo- 
nies of New Hampshire, Massachusetts Bay, &c., 
enumerating the thirteen who had, in the language 
I of •the declaration, " severally elected, constitutea, 
and appointed deputies to meet and sit in General 
Congress," &c., and who, in vindication of their 
rights and liberties, resolved— 
f' That the foundation of Enalish liberty, and or all free 
government, is a right in the pcoplc to participate in their 
legislative council ; and as the English colonists are not rep- 
resented, and, from their local and other circumstances, 
cannot properly bc represented ill the British Parliakllent, 
they are entitled to a free and exclusive power of legisla- 
tion in tueir several procincial Legislatures, where their right 
of representation can atone preserved in alf cases of 
E taxation and internal polity, subject only to the negative 
of the sovereign, in such rnanner as has been heretofore 
used and accustomed. But, from the necessity of the case, 
and a regard to the Inutual interests of both countries, we 
cheerfully consent to toe operation of such act* of the 
British Parliament as are bona jidc restrained to the reau- 
lation of our external conunerce, tbc purpose of secur- 
ing the commercial advantages of the whole ernpire to the 
mother couritry, and the commercial benefits of its respect- 
ive members, excluding cvery idea of taxation, internal 
or external, for raising a revenue on the subjects in Alner- 
ica without their consent." 
Here is an unequivocal declaration that the col- 
onists were entitled to a free and exclusive power 
of legislation—not in any general Congress or 
Legislature of the colonies, for there had been no 
such Legislature, but in their several provincial 
Legislatures—showing that the provinces were, 
from the beginning, totally distinct and separate 
'I'he style of the proceedings 
from cach other. 
in Congress was, in some instances, by the title 
I of the United Colonies; jn others, by that of the 
Uniled Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachu- 
setts Bay ,&c. , en umerating thc whole—these titles 
being the equivalents of each other. 
The United Colonies, dissolving all political 
connection between themselves and Great Britain, 
declared themselves to be free and independent 
States, and not a single free and independent State 
or nation. This act, though done by the colonies 
united in Congress, was m fact the act of each 
one of the colonies. Each of the colonies had 
instructed, expressly or virtually, their respcctivc 
It was 
delegates to unite in such declaration. 
upon the instructions from Virginia that the mo- 
tion was offered in convention, and those instruc- 
[ions expressly reserved the right of self-govern- 
ment to the States. The several colonies were— 
and had been for some period—in a defacto state 
of independence. Hostilities commencing at Lex- 
inaton in April, 1775, had been vigorously pros- 
ecuted. Massachusetts, in the same month, voted 
to raise thirteen thousand six hundred mcn ; Rhode 
Island, fifteen hundred; Connecticut, six regi- 
ments; New I-Imnpshire, in May, three regiment_s. 
In March, 1776, South Carolina established a 
constitution; Virginia had her bill of rights and 
frame of government; the allegiance of the citi- 
zens of tho different colonies was claimed as due 
to each colony, and not to Great Britain. Such 
was the opinion and declaration of Congress on 
the 24th June, 1776, to the effect that— 
All persons, members of, or owing allegiance to, any of 
the United Colonics, who shall levy war against any of' the 
said colonies within the same, or be adherent to the King 
of Great Britain, or• other enmities of the said colonies, or 
any of them, within them aid 
and comfort, are-guilty or-tredsonk-agdinst•such -colony?' 
These facts, and •others of like 
to the Declaration of Independence, pro+é that 
the colonies, while exerting -efforts 
for the common defensé, had each aSsumed ;the 
rights and powers ofsovereignty withih théiiöwii 
limits. They were substantially-independent; and 
whether each declared such fact sefiaråtel y, Or 
whether all united in the •declaration, under -the 
authority given by each to its agents for that 
purpose, cannot affect the- great truth that •the 
United were independent, for the reason and 
upon the sole ground that each State was absolved 
from its allegiance to the British Crowh , and was 
an independent State. 
The States subsequently adopted written ar- 
ticles of confederacy, which were entitled Articles 
of Confederation and Perpetual Union, between 
the States of New Hampshire, Massachusetts 
Bay, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations; 
Connecticut, New York, New Jersey; Pennsyl- 
vania, Delaware, Maryland ; Virginia, North Car- 
olina, SoÜth Carolina, and Georgta. The-style Of 
the Confederacy was the United States Of Amer- 
ica, and, by the stipulation of the sec-ond article, 
each State expressly retained its sovereignty, free- 
dom, and independence, and every power, juris- 
diction, and right, which is not bv this Confider- 
ation expressly delegated to the United States in 
Congress assembled. In the treaty of peace the 
thirteen United States, by their respective titles, 
were aclfiowledged by Great Britain to be free 
and independent States. 
These facts are conclusive that the colonies were 
separate and distinct from each other; that they 
were represented as distinct bodies in Congress 
—voted as such;• that, as States, they remained 
separate and distinct; that there was rio such com- 
munity known or rec.ognized as the people of the 
United Colonies or the people of the U nited States; 
but the political Communities were the people of 
the several colonies—afterwards the people of the 
several States—it being expressly declared in their 
compact that each State rctaincd its sovereignty, 
and every power not granted to the Confederacy. 
The several States being sovereign members of 
this the first Confederacy, did they cease to be 
sovereign by their act in the adoption of the Fed- 
eral Constitution? Did they bccome a single na- 
tion, ora consolidated political unity, or did they 
remain a Confederacy of States? That they acted 
as States , as separate sovereign communities; in the 
framing and ratification of the Constitution, is un- 
deniable. The vote in convention was by States, 
each State by its delegates having but one vote. 
'The Constitution was transmitted tln•ough the 
Congress of the Confederation to the Legislatures 
of the several States, and was by them respect- 
ively submitted to State conventions elected and 
assembled under the law of each State. It was 
ratified by conventions severally of each State 
acting for itself, and became obligatory, by the 
' 'the ratificatiöns of the con- 
article declaring that 
ventions of nine Statcs shall be suffcient-for. the 
establishment of this Constitution between the 
States so ratifying the same." The first State in 
the process of ratification was Delaware, on the 
12th December, 1787; the ninth, New Hampshire, 
on the 21st June, 1788. The Constitution was 
then established as a chart of Government be- 
tween the nine ratifying States, and had it gone 
into immediate operation, Virginia, New York, 
North Carolina, and Rhode Island would have 
been foreign States, separate arid independent of 
the Confederacy and of each other. And when the 
new Government went into operation in March, 
1789, North Carolina and Rhode Island having 
declined to ratify, wcre foreign States, and were 
treated as such In the act of July 31, 1789. The 
ratifications of the eleven States could not impose 
the Constitution on North Carolina and Rhode 
Island ;and the ratifications of twelve could not im- 
poscit on Rhode Island, and had sheneveracceded 
to the Constitution she would have remained to this 
day as separate and independent as France, Eng- 
'l land, or any other foreign Power. Each State acted 
for itself, and was bound by its own act, and that 
alone, in the adoption of the Constitution. 
But tho States, though sovereign, had„it may 
be said, the power to abandon their sovereignty; 
to annihilate themselves, and createaneW nation; 
and it is .insistdd that this has been effected, and 
that the grants and prohibitions of the Constitu- 
