592 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 28. 
tion extinguish, at least pro tanto, the sovereignty 
itself of the States. But this proposition is amis- 
conception, confounding the distinction between 
sovereignty and the functions and powers of sov- 
ereignty. The latter, in representative Govern- 
ments, must be exercised by agents; but the sov- 
ereignty itself remains in the principal, namely, 
the people from whom the powers are derived, 
and by whom they may be recalléd. 
It generally conceded that the grants of powers 
in the constitution of a State do not affect the 
sovereignty which remains in the p_olitical body, 
namely, the people, who can alter, modify, and 
revoke such constitution. This being admitted, 
can: it be contended that the delegation, by several 
States, of certain powers of sovereignty to be ex- 
ercised conjointly by a Federal Government or 
common agency, instituted by them for that pur- 
pose, impairs the sovereignty of each of the 
States? These powers being delegated, remain 
the powers of the principal. By the delegation 
of a portion of its powers, the State is not anni- 
hilated. She still retains her separate organization; 
her existence as a distinct political community; 
her independent Legislature; her con trol over the 
property, social and domestic relations, and crim- 
maljunsdiction of the country, every right and 
power not delegated, and, in fact, her body politic 
in every respect; and has not lost that sovereignty 
residing as an active, regulated, recognized, and 
all-controlling power in the people of the State. 
And such is theauthoritative opinion of most dis- 
tinguished publicists on the sovereignty of States 
in confederation. Vattel (Book 1, chap. 184) says: 
Every nation that governs itself, under what form so- 
ever, without dependence on any itreign Power, is a sov- 
ereign State." 
And section ten: 
Several sovereign and independent States may unite 
themselves by a pcrpctual confederacy without ceasing to 
be each, individually, a perlOct State. 'I'hey will together 
constitute a federal republic. 'fheirjoint deliberations will 
not impair the sovcrei"nty ot' each member, though they 
may, in certain respects, put sorne restraint on the exercise 
of it, in virtue of voluntary engagements. A person does 
not cease to be free and indepcndcnt when he is obliged to 
t'ulfill engagements which he has voluntarily contracted. 
Such were t.hc cities of Greece; such are at 
present the seven United Provinces of the Netherlands ; 
and sucb the members o? tltc Helvetic body." 
Judge Tucker, the distinguished commentator 
on Blackstone, treats this subject in a verylucid 
manner, as follows: 
'This independemey of States, and their being distinct 
political bodies frotn each other, is not obstructed by any 
alliancc Q! confederacies whatsoever, nbout exercisin" 
jointly any parts of the suprelne power; such as those of 
peace and war, in leagues offensive and defensive. 
States,- notwithstanding such treaties, are separatc bodies 
and indcbendcnt. 
They are, then, only deemed politically united when 
some one person or council Is constituted with a right to 
exercise sonle essential powers jör both, and to hinder 
cither from exercising thetn separately. If any person or 
council is empowered to exercise all these cssential pow- 
ers for both, they arc then one State: such is the state of 
England and Scotland, since the net of union at the 
beginning of the eighteenth century, whereby the. two king- 
dotns were inéorporated into one, all parts of the suprennc 
power. of kingdozns be•ing tl)enceförward united and 
vested in the threc estates of the realrn of Great Britain ; 
by which entire coalition, though 
both retain 
their ancient laws aucl usaues• in many respects, they are 
as effectually united and incorporated as tlle several petty 
kingdoms which cornposed the Heptarchy were betöre that 
period. 
But when only a portion of the suprelne civil power is 
vested in one person or council for both, sucli as that of 
peace and war, or-of deciding controversies between dif- 
terent States, or their subjects, whilst each State within 
itself exercises other parts of the supreme power, independ- 
ently of ali the ()thers; in this case they are called systems 
of States, which Burlamaqui defines to be an assemblage 
(if perfect governments, strictly united by some connnon 
bond, so that they seem to make but a single body with re- 
spect to those affairs which interest them in enrnmon, 
though eacii preserves its sovereignty full and entire, inde- 
pendentiy of all the others." 
in this case, he adds, the confederate States engage to each 
other only to exercise with common consent certain parts 
of the, sovereignty, especially those which relate to their 
Inutual defense against foreign enemies. But each of' the 
confederates retains an entire liberty of exercising as it 
thinks proper those parts of .the sovereicnty which arc not 
:nentioned in the treaty of union as parts that ought to be 
exercised in coznmon. And of this nature is the American 
Confödcracy, in which each State has resigned the exer- 
cise of certain part* of the suprerne civil power which they 
possessed before—except in conunon with the other States 
included in the Confederacy—reserving to themselves all 
their {Ormer povvcrs, which are not delegated to the United 
States by the eonnnon bond of Union. 
A visible distinction, and not less important than ob- 
vious, occurs to our observation in comparing these differ- 
ent kinds of union. 
'I*he kingdoms of' England and Scot- 
laud are united into one kingdom ; and the t.wocontracting 
States by such an incorporate union are, in the opinion of 
Judge Blackstone, totally annihilated, without any power 
of revival; and a third arises from their conjunction, in 
whiéh all the rights of sovereignty, and particularly that of 
legislation, are vested. From whence he ex presses a doubt 
whether any infringements of the fundamental and essen- 
tial conditions of the. union would, of itself, dissolve• the 
union of those kingdorns ; though he readily adnlits that in 
the case of a federate. alliance such an infringernent would 
certainly rescind the eotnpact between tbe confederate 
In the United States Ameriea, on the contrary, 
States. 
each State retains its own antecedent form of government ; 
its own laws, subject to the alteration and control of its 
own Legislature only ; its own exccutive offcers and coun- 
cil of State ; its own courts of judicature; its own judges ; 
its own magistrates, civil officers, and omcers of the nril- 
itia; and, in short, its own civil State, or body politic, in 
every respect whatsoever. And by the-express declaration 
of the twelfth article to the amendments to the Constitu- 
tion, the powers not delegated toqlne United States by the 
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved 
to the States respectively, or to the people. In Great Britain, 
a new civil State is created by the annihilation of two an- 
tecedent clvll States ; jn the American States, a general 
federal council, and administrative, is provided, tar the 
joint exercise of such of their several powers as can be morc 
conveniently exercised in that modc than any other, leav- 
ing thcir civil State unaltered, and all the other powers 
which the States antecedently possessed to be exercised by 
them respectively as if no Union or connection were estab- 
between thenn." 
Some of the higher powers of sovereignty arc 
delegated to the General Government; but this has 
no greater efficiency in transferrino• sovereignty 
itself than the grant of its most insignificant func- 
tion or attribute. When Texas was a separate 
Republic, she exercised all those grand powers 
of peace and war, of alliances and the regulation 
of foreign commerce, which throw' such dazzling 
luster over the Government of the United States. 
She had intrusted these and other powers under 
her constitution to a single agent, namely, thc 
Government of the Republic. By virtue of her 
sovereignty, which she had not relinquished or 
impaired, she, at the period of annexation, dis- 
tributed these powers between two agents—one 
the Federal and the other her present State Gov- 
ernment. Is she not as soverei"n now as She m.vas 
before this distribution? Is not the General Gov- 
ernment, to which she has delegated some of her 
powers, just as much her trustee as was the Gov- 
ernment of Ehe Republic to which she had formerly 
intrusted them? And has she not the samo right 
and power to resume them now that she had to 
recall them from her former trustee and vest them 
in her present agent attorney? She has not 
abandoned the powers ceded to the Federal Gov- 
crnment; she has only delegated them. She is 
still a State, a political body, with control over 
the lives, the liberties, and property of her people. 
She entered the Confederacy by compact; and the 
cession of some of her powers does not detract 
from her sovereignty. The deliberations in com- 
mon, says Vattei, offer no violence to the sov- 
ereignty of each member of a confederacy. 
The power of the General Government to pun- 
ish individuals for crimes, to collect taxes and im- 
posts from individuals the direct consent 
of the State, is relied on as an aroument that the 
Union is not a Confederacy of States, but is a 
consolidated Governrnent over the people of the 
It is generally conceded that the 
United States. 
States were parties to the old Confederacy, that 
they were sovereicn; and yet, postage under that 
Confederacy was collected from individuals; mili- 
tary and naval officers were appointed with juris- 
diction over life, and men were executed under 
that jurisdiction; and courts of admiralty had ju- 
risdiction over persons and property. Jurisdic- 
tion over individuals, then, does not destroy the 
In the forty- 
federative character of the Union. 
fifth number of the Federalist, Mr. Madison says 
that the new Constitution— 
Consists much less in the addition of new powers to the 
Union than in the invigoration of its original powers. 
regulation of emnmerce, it is true, is a new power. 
powers relatill" to war and peace, armies and fleets, treat- 
ies and finance. with t.he other 'nore considerable powers, 
are ali vested i'n the existing Congress, by the Articles of 
Contöderation. 'INhe proposed change does not enlarge these 
powers ; it only substitutes a more effective method of ad- 
ministering 'l'he change relating to taxation Inay be 
regarded as thc most important ; and yét, the present Con- 
gress have as cornplcte authority to require of the St.ateg• 
indefinite supplies of Inoney, tlie common defense and 
general weltäre, as the future Congress will have to re- 
quire them of individual citizens ; and the latter will be no 
n-noro bound than thc States thmnselves have been to pay 
the quotas respectively taxed on them." 
I have shown that in certain particulars there 
was, under the confederation, a direct connection 
between the Government and individuals; and the 
only effect of extending this direct action to the 
operations of the Government generally, was to 
impart energy and vigor, but not to change tbe 
federative character of the Union. Had the States 
paid their quotas, or could the payment have been 
enforced by the like peaceable processes which 
are- successful against single persons, there would 
have been little or no necessity for the adoption 
of a new Constitution. But the action of the 
Federal Government, whether upon the State gov- 
ernments or on single persons, has force in a State 
by its assent only; and whether the State collects 
the taxes and pays them over to the General Gov- 
ernment,or whether, by her concurrence, the func- 
tionaries of that Government collect them from 
individuals, can be of no importance, nor can it 
detract from the sovereignty of the State, or con- 
vert a confederacy of States into a consolida- 
tion. 
The phraseology of the preamble—-" We, the 
people of the United States' '—is often relied upon 
In support of the position that the Constitution 
was framed by the whole people of the United 
States, and not by the people of the several 
States, as distinct communities. The preamble, 
as reported by the cornmittce of details, was: We, 
the people of the States of New' Hampshire, Mas- 
sachusetts, Rhode Island," &e., through the 
thirteen. This was altered by the committee of 
style and arrangement to, " -yve, the people of the 
without assigning any reason for 
United States, " 
the change. But the phrases are the equivalents 
of each other. The States were thefe, in confed- 
eracy. The Articles of Confederation were in 
terms between New Hampshire, Massachusetts, 
&c.; and the style of the Confederation was the 
United States of America;" and the terms, t 
people of New (specifying the 
whole of them,) and, " the people of the United 
States," were identically the same thing in mean- 
ing and substance. There was, however, a sub- 
stantial reason for the change in this instance. 
The Constitution was to be binding between those 
Slates only that ratified the same, and the States 
which would accede to this new Union could not 
be known or enumerated until after the acts of 
If thc old Union was but a Confed- 
ratification. 
eracy—and that is admitted—the new cannot be 
a consolidation from the use. of the phrase Uni- 
ted States," which was, in fact, the s:tyle and title 
of the old Confederacy, and which was expressly 
between the thirteen States by specification and 
title, or between the people of those States; for 
the pcoplo of a State, as a politicai body, is the 
State itself. 
The sixth article of the Constitution, declarincr 
the Constitution and lax.vs made in pursuance there- 
of, and treaties, to be the supremo, law of the land, 
is supposed to give the General Government spe- 
Cial supremacy beyond the control of the States, 
and, in fact, subject to no control, except the will 
of a majority of the people of the United States. 
This is not so much a new power, as a more spe- 
cific expression of the intent of the stipulation in 
the Articles of Confederation, that— 
Every State shall abide by the determination of the 
United States in Congress assmnblcd, on all questions 
which, by this confederation, is subinitted to them." 
The grant of such authority expressly or by 
implication was a necessity to the operation of t.he 
General Government. 
Its powers are limited. 
Those of the State governmcntsgenerai. The Con- 
stitution and laws of the United States, if not su- 
preme, would have been in constant collision with 
those of the States. The constitution and laws of 
one State vary from those of other States; and 
unless those of the United States were paramount, 
they might bc valid-in some States, and without 
effect in others. It was proper that laws made by 
the authority of all the States should be superior 
to thosé of a single State; otherwise, they would 
have been almost nugatory and inoperative. 
This supremacy of the laws of the United States 
I within the limits ofa State arises from the assent 
of the people of that State to the Constitution. To 
that extent it may be regarded as the constitution 
of the State; and the Federal omcers, but the func- 
trionaries of the State. 
If thc State of South Car- 
oiina werc now to form two governments within 
the limits of that State, one with the powers that 
had been delegated to the Federal Government, 
and the other with the ordinary powers of her 
former State government, with the delcaration that 
the laws of the former should be supreme when 
they came in conflict with those of the latter, this 
would not impair the sovereignty of the people 
