1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
595 
What svould these provisions mean if inserted 
in the constitution of a State? 'I'hatthe powers of 
Government•could be resumed, but only through 
War and blood? Certainly not. They affirm in 
American political science a recocrnized, peaceful 
right of resumption by the people of the several 
States, the grantors, whether the grant were to the 
government of the State or the Government of a 
confederated Republic. Small would have been 
our advance in the paths of liberty, in vain would 
the blood of the •Revolution have been shed, it 
this be but the assertion Ofa right which a down- 
trodden serf may claim, with a halter round his 
neck and the gallows as his doom, if his resist- 
ance -through blood and carnage be. unsuccessful. 
Having established the positions that the States 
relinquished no portion of sovereignty, and that 
their right to resume their delegated powers is per- 
fect, the act of secession furnishes no legal or justi- 
fiable ground for war against a State by its former 
confederates. The compact was broken by the 
North, and it is no cause of hostility that it should 
now be treated as brokcn by the South. -We are 
at peace with all the world, and the separation of 
one or more States from the Confederacy does 
not endanger the safety or the existence of others. 
Butadmit that secession is rebellion, will you make 
war on five States, five million people, increased 
probably to fifteen Statesand twelve million? Can 
you possibly dream of conquest in a war of this 
character? You cannot employ the forces of the 
United States unless in aid of judicial processes; 
and how can these be obtained when among the 
millions you are attempting to coerce none can be 
found who would hold offce under your Govern- 
ment? But should you disregard the provisions 
of the Constitution, declare martial law, and at- 
tempt to crush out the spirit of liberty, be not 
deceived with the delusion that you will triumph 
in this wicked warfare, nor that the war would 
spend all its fury in the South. Assaults can be 
best repelled by assuming the offensive. 
If for peace we ure to have desolation, the butch- 
cry of our finest youths, the mangled limbs of nien , 
the shrieks of the virgin, the smoke and ashes of 
consumed habitations, think you that these sccncs 
of hon•or will not be enacted in your opulent and 
magnificent cities, your great towns, and beautiful 
hanilets ? 
If war should come, its calamities will 
be inflicted on the whole country, and blood will 
redden the streams of the North and the South. 
Let no countenance be given the delusion that 
slavery is an element of weakness, or that the 
South would be endangered from slave insurrec- 
nons. The heroes and conquerincr nations of 
antiquity were slaveholders. 
I was born in the 
South, have lived long upon the eartn, and have 
never witnessed even an attempt at an insurrec- 
tion. Of the rumors ofthis character, but very 
few" have any foundation other than the causeless 
States of the Nordi and the United States 'of -tho I 
South. 
If the United States of Mexico and the 
States of America now live in peace to the mutual 
advantage of both countries, why should not the 
confederacies that arc now springing into life be 
at peace? The dissolution of this Union is not 
an end of free government. 
Its power gives 
security and repose to the people; and this is the 
cause of their rapid advancement in all the ele- 
mcnts of prosperityand greatness. But this devel- 
opment and prosperity will flow on in increased 
volume and grandeur under any free Govern- 
ments strong enough to repel foreign aggressiön 
and repress domestic dissension.- The two con- 
federacies would, in a few years,' bc cach of them 
more powerful than the existing Government; 
and if there be amity between them, (there being 
no internal elements of discord in either confed- 
eracy,) the progress and improvement of each 
would attain a height and greatness of which 
history furnishes no example. 
I will notice but very briefly the chaige of in- 
gratitude against. the State of Texas, should she 
attempt a separation from the United States. It 
must be remembered that the United States did 
not, by the annexation of Texas, propose exclu- 
sively or mainly the benefit of the latter. 
The official records show that the honor, peace, 
and safety of the United States were the principal 
considerations. Among other proofs of this, i 
refer to the inaugural message of President Polk. 
He said: 
None can fäil to see the danger to our safety and future 
peace if Texas rcmains an independent State, or becomes 
an ally or dependency of some foreign nation Inore pow- 
erful than herself. Is there one among our citizens who 
wou!d not prefer perpetual peace with "L'exas to occasional 
wars, which so often occur between bordering independent 
nations? Is there one who would not prefer free intercourse 
with her, to bigh duties on all our products and manufac- 
turcs w•llich enter her ports or cross her frontiers? Is tliere 
one would not prefin• an unrestricted communication 
with citizens. to the frontier obstructions which must 
occur if sne remains out of the Union 
I will recur very briefly to the conditions of 
annexation. The United States demanded the 
unconditional surrender of the arms and forts of 
Texas, and all the mcans of public defense; al- 
though now, when their own armg and forts are 
in question, the savage cry of tho swarming mil- 
lions of the North is, 
' we will have the forts or we 
will have blood." i will not comment on the terms 
in relation to slavery. The Statement of them 
would be their condemnati01"l. This vast acces- 
Sion to the United States of fertile territory, in a 
delightful climate, was characterized in the Pres- 
ident's message 01' Deccrnber 2, 1840, as a 
" blood- 
less achievement.' 
'I'l)e sword had no part, nor 
did the purse havo any in the victory. 
True, Texas retained her public lands; but 
those, after the surrender of t.he revenue from cus- 
toms, x.vcre her principal resource for the extin- 
in favor Of. annexatioh; 
a vioiation of good -Texas. 
to have. refused aid against atlvrehtCn:eUcinvdäon 
to which they had been ecposedd»y 
ination to (inner themsetves tp our Union'.. 
'c war has not Deeii waged -with a 
but having been commenced byMe-xicO, it 
into the enemy's countrv; an(iwill be vigorouslybrogeclitea 
there, With a view to obt•aiti dt!honorablepeaee•, and t%étébj- 
to secure an ample bidetnnity for the 
as well as to our much injured citizens, 'Who -hold 
pecuniary demands against Mex!co." 
Ibis apparent, from the message, that the: in- 
vasion by Mexico of the territory of Texas •was 
occasioned by the- acceptance of the terms of an- 
nexation by the latter; that though Mexico struck 
the first blow; yet the United States immediately 
assumed the aggressiVe —extended her eon quests , 
not for the defense of Texas, butto secure indem- 
nity for the expenses Of. the the 
and wrongs of the injured citizens. These griev- 
ances had been set forth in the previous message 
of the President, of May 11, 1846; and Cobgress 
responded by the act of May 13, 1846, adthöYiü- 
ing fifty thousand volunteers •and teh- million -ap- 
propriat<ion. The proclamation' from the ,War 
Department, issued by General Taylor,: of June 
4, 1846, shows that the United States were QroS- 
ecut.ing the war for causes other than the defense 
alarm, or, though rarely, a spirit of mischief. I guishment of the sacred debt of the war of inde- 
The phantasm that there is no sense of security pendence, and for the support of the government 
in the South, is utterly groundless and superla- 
and the existence of the Republic. But Texas is 
tively absurd. Many of the slaves, raised with charged—at least indirectly—with being the cause 
their masters, joining with them in all the sports I of the war with Mexico, with its enormous ex- 
of boyhood, the constant recipients of their kind- 
ness in sickness and heatth, would eagerly sacri- 
fice their lives in their defense. And all of them, 
regarding their masters very justly as their guard- 
ians and protectors, would most willingly en- 
counter dangcr and render service to secure their 
triumph. But this would not be necessary; the 
slaves would continue their agricultural labors, 
while the war would rage in a sphere above them. 
The food and supplies of the country would thus 
be constantly produced, while these would be very 
much endangered in the free-laborsections, where 
every inhabitqnt may be dragged from his field to 
the camp. 
Such very few insurrections as have occurred, 
and the plans of risings that have been detected, 
have invariably been partial—limited to a neigh- 
borhood, county, or small district. The alarms 
have been partial, and very quickly subside; and 
the idea that the South would be required to em- 
ploy part of its forces to prevent insurrection 
could have originated only in the disordered brain I 
of a fanatic; and 1. dismiss it as unworthy of con- 
sideration. Bad men may attempt excitement, 
and may create irritation; but they will have no 
more success in disturbing the loyalty of the slave 
population than did John Brown in his raid at 
Harner's Ferry. 
Why should there be war between the United i 
penditures of money, and of the blood and lives 
of thousands who feli upon the battle-field, covered 
with imperishable honors. Can it be possible that 
all these vast expenditures were incurred, that 
State after State •of Mexico was overrun, that its 
proud Capital was occupied by our victorious 
arnües—and all this for the defense of Texas, and 
the integrity of her soil? Let us examine the 
facts. 
Mr. Polk, in his rnessagc of December, 1846, 
declares that the war with Mexico was not pro- 
voked by the United States; that— 
After years of endurance ofaørrravated and unredressed 
wrongs on our part, Mexico, in violation of solen'!l treaty 
stipulations, and of every principle of justice recognized 
by civilized nations, cDffnncnced hostitities; and thus, by 
her own act, föreed the war ltpon us. Lon* before. the 
advance ot• our Army to the Ict•t bank of the Rio Grande, 
we had ample cause of war against Mexico." 
He presents a gloomy list of the insults and 
spoliations, the wrongs and outrages, committed 
by Mexico aoainst the citizens of the United States 
for a period of more than twenty years; that if 
these had been resented, the war would have becn 
avoided; that the annexation of . Texas wag no 
of Texas. Here is the proclamation of General 
Taylor: 
To the people of Meæico : After many years of patient 
endurance, tbc United States are at length constrained to 
acknowledge that a war now exists between our Govern- 
ment and the Govcrntncnt of Mexico. For many years our 
citizens have been subjected to repeated insults and inju- 
ries, our vessels and cargoes have been seized and corifie- 
cated, our nnerchants have been plundered, inaimed, im- 
prisoned, without cause and without reparation, At length 
your Govermnent acknowledged the-justice of our Claimi, 
and agreed, by treaty, to make satisfaction; by paymeritof 
several million dollars; but this. treaty has been Violated-by 
your rulers, and the stipulated payments have boen with- 
held. Our late efbrt to terminate all dlfieulties by peace- 
Cul negotiation has been rejected by the Dictator Paredes'; 
and our minister of peace, whOm your rulers had -agreed tb 
receive, has beeri retüsed hearing: He has Lieen treated 
with indignity and insult, and Paredes has announced that 
war exists between us." 
And here are the purposes for which the war is 
waged : 
" We come to obtain reparation för repeated wrongs and 
injuries; we come to obtain indemnity for the past and se- 
curity för the •future." 
The only indemnity for the long-deferred claims 
of our citizens, and the reimbursementof the ex- 
penses of the war, ',vas stated in the message of 
December, 1847, to be a cession of a portion of 
the territory of Mexico to the United States; 
that the doctrine of " no territory was no indem- 
nity," and if sanctioned, would be a public ac- 
knowledgmcnt that our country was wrong, that 
the war declared by Congress with extraordinäry 
unanimity was unjust, and should be abandoned; 
an admission unfounded in fact, and degrading 
to thé national character." This isan unequivoe 
cal acknowledgment, that-no matter with-what in- 
tent Me'xicö may have stricken the first blow, or 
in Other words, shed "American blood on Amefi- 
can soil, " yet the United States-prosecuted •the war 
I to obtain indemnity for the grievous and-aceumu- 
lated wrongs of their citizens. 
Texas is surely not responsible, morally or 
otherwise—or at least to but a limited extent—for 
the vast expenditures of money, or for the lives of 
i so many valiant and heroic men sacrificed in the 
prosecution of this war of conquest, to indemnify 
citizens of the United States, and secure them 
against future wrongs. One effect of the war was 
tö secure Texas against foreign aggression; and 
for that she has not been wanting in gratitude, 
Another result was the cession of New Mexico 
and California to the United States, or five hun- 
dred and twenty-six thousand and seventy-eight 
i square miles west of the Rio Grande. The. latter, 
namely; California, has supplied the xvorld with 
$500,000,000 of its circulation, all drawn from 
the rich mineral lands of the United States. k If 
the gold be. extracted by squatters without right 
or title, it is the misfortune of the Government, 
but does not impair the value of the acquisition. 
The fortifications and the arms and military 
stores of the United States in Texas are 7too ut- 
just cause of offense to Mexico; that Texas bad teriy insignificant to deserve notice. Of the more 
been an independent State for more than ten than thirty million dollars expended for fortifica- 
years; that the threats of Mexico to invade the 
tions in the United States, but- $500 have been 
territory of Tl'exas became more- imposing as it 
laid out in Texas. There is but a - beggarly dc- 
became more apparent that Texas would decide count of small arms in the United States arsenals 
