596 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 28, 
few more, perhaps, than five thou- 
sand, including the serviceable and unserviceable. 
The sale,.four years after annexation , of a large 
portion of the territory of Texas to the United 
States has frequently been made the subject of 
reproach. ' The .cry that our title was not good, 
inéulting and. groun'dléss as it-is, has become stale 
from repetition. The boundary of- Texas, -from 
the mouth" of the Rio Gi•ande to its source, was 
proclaimed by Texas from the commencement of 
hef revolution, and was recognized in the first law 
on; her statute-book, -in 1836. That this was the 
boundary .'öf: Texas,- fixed by legislation , was 
known to Mexico•; it was known to the United 
States, and to the great Powers of Europe, among 
whomuwe took rank as a nation. The war be- 
tween-Texas and Mexico was not about bound- 
Mexico claimed, the whole country; and so 
did Texas; -though during the progress of annex- 
aLiön, Mexico proposed to acknowledge the in- 
dependence of rcxäs, leaving the boundary to 
future negotiations. 
By the articles of annexation, Texas author- 
ized the United States to adjust all questions of 
boundary -that might arise with Mexico. The 
title of Texas to the whole of her territory was 
founded upon the sword. She was under no moral, 
legal, or international obligation to restrict the 
limits Of the Republic to the lines of the old prov- 
ince of Texas; not' did the validity of her title, at 
with respect to the United States, depend 
upon the actüalpossession and jurisdiction over 
every foot, of her territory. And such was the 
opinion öf?the United States in sending troops to 
the lower Rio Grande. The country in the im- 
mediate vicinity of that river had been and was 
then in the occupation of the Mexican authorities; 
and all the acts of that de facto Government rela- 
tive to private rights, up to possession by the 
American troops, have been recognized by the 
jtidieial tribunals ns valid and binding. But yet 
the United States asserted the right of' Texas, and 
declared that t.bc blood of her soldiers poured out 
on the battle-fields of Palo Alto and Resaca (le la 
Palma was " American blood shed upon Ameri- 
can soil. " 
The United States, from annexation, in 1846, 
to 1850, recognized the validity of our title to the 
country cast of the upper Rio Grande. General 
Kearny, in taking possession of New Mexico, 
in August, 1846, speaking in tho name of his Gov- 
ernment,declared to the people that he considered , 
and had for sorne time considered, the country as 
a part of thc territory of the United States. rill)is 
It could 
was an assertion of the title of Ei'exas. 
not possibly have becn a part of the United Slates 
-unless by being a part of Texas. The President, 
in February, 1847, admitted that the possession 
of the country by the United States was held in 
subserviency to the title of Texas. This will be 
seen by refirence to his special message of July 
24, 1848. I-Jere is the message of Mr. Polk: 
Under the circutnstnnces existing during the pendency 
the whole or New Mexico, as 
of the war, and while 
claimed by our cne!n.y, was in our njilitary occupation, I 
wag not u ilEnindf1il o!' the rights of Texas to that. portion 
of it which she claimed to be within her Iirrtüs. In answer 
to a letter ftorn the Governor of 'l'e.xas, dated on the 'lth 
of January, 1847, the Secretary ot• St.ate, by nny direction, 
införmed hill), in a letter of the 12th of February, 1847, that, 
in the President's annuak message o!' December, 1846, you 
have already perceived that Now Mexico is at present in 
the temporary occupation troops of the Un it.ed States, 
and the government over it is military in its character. 
is Inerely such a government as Inust exist under the laws 
Of nations and of war, to preserve order, and pt•o€cct the 
rights of the inhabitants, and will cease on the conclusion 
-of a treaty of peace with Mexico. Nothing, therefore, can 
be Inore certain than that this trexuporary government, re• 
stilting from necessity, can never in,juriously aft•ect the right 
Which the Ptesident believes to be justly •asserted by Texas 
to the whole territory on this side of the Ri0 Grande when- 
ever the Mexican clairn to it shall have becn extinguished 
to it by treaty, But this is a subject which more properly 
belongs to the legislative than the executive branch of the 
•Governrncnt.' 
The resu\t of the whole. is, that Texas had asserted a 
right to that-part of New Mexico east of the Rio Grande, 
which is beiievcd, under the acts ot- Conqress för the an- 
noxation and admission of Texas into the Union as a State, 
and under the constitution and laws ot' Texas, to be well 
töundcd. 
Pellditv the negotiations, Mr. Trist, our com- 
missioner, asserted the obligation of the United 
States to delénd thc title of Texas. He said that— 
Until ascertained by a cornpact or atrru-nnent between 
the United States and Mexico, the boundary between the 
two Republics, when considered with reference t.o the na- 
{ional obligation to protect their territory frorn invasion, 
could be none other than that very boundary which had 
been asserted by Texas herself." 
On the 12th of October, 1848, the Secretary of 
War, Governor Marcy, in his instructions to the 
commanding officer at Santa Fé, declared that— 
In regard to that part of what the Mexicans call Nes,v 
Mexico, lying east of the Rio Grande, the civil authority 
Which Texas has established, or Inay establish there, is to 
be respected, and in mo manner to be interfered with by 
the military force in that department, otherwise than to 
lend aid on proper- oocasions in enforcing it." 
These extracts are evidence of the opinions of 
the Administration at the time of the annexation of 
Texas ,thatprosecuted the war against Mexico , ne- 
gotiated the treaty , and had a thorough knowledge 
of all questions growing out of the annexation pol- 
icy and the war with Mexico.. But the impregna- 
ble basis of the title of Texas was, thatshe was ad- 
mitted as a State with boundaries N,vhich were not 
changed, modified, or restricted by the treaty with 
Mexico; that the boundary of the Uhited States 
was so extended as to embrace the utmost limits of 
Texas. On these facts the United States became 
utterly powerless with regard to the title of Texas. 
The boun dary of Texas could n o more be disturbed 
by the United States than could the boundary of 
anv other State, or of even any foreign nation. 
It Ihas been settled since thoufoundation of the 
Government that Congress hus no power over the 
boundaries of a State; and the United States ad- 
mittcd the doctrinc for years after the annexation 
of Texas. The United States was the trustee of 
Texas in settling the boundary question, and 
could not have acquired the subject-matter in op- 
position to the. right of the principal. 'Ilhe act 
would be a fraud of ineffable baseness, void in all 
courts and countries where right and equity are 
recognized. She was in one sense the umpire; 
and could she end the controversy by tortiously 
converting the property to her own use? 
But, notwithstanding the acts and admissions 
through the four years of Mr. Polk's adminis- 
tration, und the indisputable validity of the title 
of' Texas, the succeeding Administration evinced 
hostility, which culminated in the message of 
August 6, 185(), menacing punishment againét all 
altetnpts to enforce the laws of Texas; that the 
troops under the cornmand of the State of Texas 
should be treated as intruders and trespassers, 
and that the forces of the United States would be 
employed to coercc a sovereio•n State, punish her 
citizens acting in obedience to her command' as 
criminals, and eject her authorities and laws from 
a largo portion of her prescribed and defined lim- 
its. Under such circumstances, with the uplifted 
sword in the one hand and the purse in the other, 
the United States proposed a purchase of thc Ter- 
ritory. 
Texas was in no condition to accept hostilities. 
She had, prior to annexation, been exhausted by 
the troubles with Mexico and the savage. She 
was hourly acquiring strength by repose and tran- 
quillity. She chose the alternative that true policy 
dictated. Pence was everything to her. War 
would have blasted her prosperity. She determ- 
ined to disregard the offensive circumstances of 
the proposal - to purchase and accept it as most 
conducive to her highest interest, and solid and 
permanent advantage. The alternative was pain- 
fu]. The dismemberment of u nution 's territory 
pierces the heart of every citizen. It is never sub- 
mitted to unless to avoid still greater evil. And 
shall the United States, who extorted this terri- 
tory from Texas at almost literally the point of 
bayonet, in order to conceal the odium of tbc out- 
rage, be suffered to pervert the whole transaction, 
and even invoke sympathy as a purchaser of a 
defective title? Will the despoiler fill the air With 
his cries and complaints as if he himself had been 
I have said enough 
the vrctin')? But I forbear. 
to vindicate the title of 'Texas. And whether her 
title were good or bad, the United States ought to 
bc forever silent; orif she spoke, to pray that the 
angel of mercy might ox punge the whole act from 
the pages of history. 
have spoken to repel assault; but in no cap- 
tious or querulous spirit. On the behalf of 'Texas, 
I disdain the language of complaint. 
I vindicate 
the truth of history; nothing more. 
Freely, without price, Texas brought an em- 
Pire to the United Slates. Her admission was 
arsenals, nocustom-houses, and stored but a very 
limited supply of arms. Thirty million people 
cannot be drawn into war for the defense of any 
miserable forts on the coast of Texas. We have 
none. 
The United States have expended large amounts 
annually in maintaining the troops in Texas. 
Troops, in well organized military arrangements, 
are stationed on the frontiers of a country; these 
frontiers have been desolated by the savage. One 
hundred lives wére sacrificed last year; and within 
a montb or two thirty were massacred with the 
most shocking barba%ities. The troops must be 
supported, let them be stationed where they will. 
Texas will never forget the benefits she has de- 
rived from the Union. She has received none 
from direct legislation. But she has had peace 
and tranquillity. She has had a sense of security; 
and she has increased from one hundred thousand 
to six hundred thousand persons, and advanced 
rapidly in all the elements of wealth and power. 
Texas appreciated the advantages she derived from 
Mexico, the immcnse grants of land, exemption 
from taxation , the mild ad ministration of her laws. 
But for causes justified by the s.vorld, Texas was 
impelled to a separation; and now, on grounds 
deemed essential to her security and happiness, 
she will feel herself constrained to dissolve con- 
nection with this Confederacy; fling again her 
glorious and triumphant banner to the breeze, 
and establish on a secure basis the rights, the lib- 
erties, and the happiness of her people. 
MI'. CLINGMAN. I move now to postpone 
the further consideration of this subject until 
Wednesday next at one o'clock, and make it the 
special order for that time. 
Thc motion was agreed to. 
JOHN H. WHEELER. 
Mr. SUMNER. I move a reconsideration of 
tho vote by which the bill passed the Senatc on 
Friday for the. relief of John H. Wheeler. 
voted in the majority. If the bill has been sent 
to the House of Representatives, I wish it to be 
reclaimed, so that we may act upon it. 
PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. POLK in 
the chair.) Does the Senator merely desire that 
the motion be entered, or that it be acted upon 
now ? 
Mr. SUMNER. Let the motion be entered; 
that is enough. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be en- 
Mr. SUMNER. 1 would ask if the bill has 
been sent to the House of Representativcs ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary 
says it has not been sent. 
Mr. SUMNER. very well. 
CHARLES E. ANDERSON. 
Mr. WILSON. I desit•e to move to reconsider 
the vote by which the bill (S. No. 272) for the 
relief of Charles E. Anderson was rejected. I 
only ask now to have the motion entered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be en- 
tered. 
PETITIONS. 
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of merchants 
and ship-owners of Boston, praying that the 
twenty-ninth section of the tariff bill now before 
Congress may be so amended as to protect their 
interests; and that tea and cofköe, when imported 
from any place east of the Cape of Good Hope, 
may be admitted free of duty; which was referred 
Lo the select committee on the tariff. 
I Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition of 
citizens of Ann Arbor, Michigan, praying the 
adoption of the compromise measures proposed 
by him which was ordered to lie on the table. 
ADMISSION or KANSAS. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
Housc of Represen tativcs had agreed to the amend- 
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 23) for 
the admission of Kansas into the Union. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. 
The message further announced that the Speaker 
the instrumentality by reason of which there was had signed the followin• enrolled bills; which 
thereupon received the sio•nature of the Vice. Presi- 
acquired to thc United States the vast region from 
the Rio Grande to the Pacific, with its countless dent: 
mineral, agricultural, and commercial richles. In A bill (H. R. No. 507) authorizing the Secre- 
the wide domain of Texas thc Government has 
tary of the Interior to iöue a land •warrant to 
con€trueted no forts, no court-houses, finished no l! Daniel Davis; and 
