4- 
604 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 28, 
me the floor that I may move to postpone. this 
debate for a short time, in order to have the Kan- 
sas bill taken up, and the Senate amendment con- 
curred in. 
Mri BURNETT. 1 submit that the gentleman 
from IOwa cannot yield the floor for any purpose, 
except by unanimous consent of the House. 
The (Mr. KELLOGG, 
of Illinois, in the chair.) The Chair understands 
that -to be the" rule. 
Mr. BURNETT. Then 1 object. 
The SPEAKER tempore. Nevertheless, 
the gentleman from Iowa can yield the floor if he 
desires. 
Mr. CURTIS. I gave way for the purpose of 
facilitating the business Of the House. 
The SPEAKER' pro tempore. If the gentleman 
from Iowa yields the floor, Ilie must do so with- 
out the right to resumc it. 
Mr. GROW. Certainly; but courtesy will givc 
it to him again. I now move to postpone the 
special order, in order to take up the Kansas bill 
the Speaker's table, and have the Senate 
I call the previous 
amendment concurred in. 
question on thc motion to postpone. 
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the motion to postpone 
in order? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un- 
derstands that it is. 
The previous question 'Wras seconded, and the 
main question ordered. 
Mr. BURNETT. I ask for the yeas and nays 
I think we ought to 
on the motion to postpone. 
dispose of this subject while we have it under 
consideration. 
The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
The motion to postpone was agreed to. 
Mr. GROW. I now move to suspend thc rules, 
in order to take up the Kansas bill. My colleague 
[Mr. FLORENCE) has a motion to suspend the rules 
pending; and if he withdraws it, my motion will 
be in order. 
Mr. FLORENCE. My colleague asks mc to 
withdraw the motion made by rne to suspend the 
rules. Until it be withdrawn, my colleague can- 
not, I apprehend, make the motion. Now, I have 
no objection to Withdraw my motion to suspend 
I submitted that motion two wc•oks 
the rules. 
ago, in order that the House might consider thc 
Crittenden proposition, which I believe to bc a 
measure of peace, and for the adoption of which 
the country is 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. "What is the 
question before the House? 
The SPEAKER pro tenu-porc. On suspending 
I)ebate is not, in order. 
the rules. 
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw my motion, as 
I havc no opportunity of gottino• n vote on that 
I do so in order to permit my col- 
proposition. 
league to go on with business, and trusting to a 
future opportunity of getting a vote on it. 
Mr. QUARLES calicd for thc yeas and nays 
on thc motion to suspcnd thc rules. 
The yca.s and nays wcrc ordered. 
The question was takcn; and it was decidcd in 
thc affirmativc—ycus 119, nays 41; as follows: 
Charles F. Adrain, Aldrich, 
Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, 
Ashley, Babbitt, 
Alley, 
Burlingarné„ Bu rnharn, Bu t.t.er- 
Burch. 
Briggs, Butlin!on, 
field, Can)pbcll, Carey, Case, tlorace F. C.lark, Coburn, 
John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Covc,dc, Co.x, Curtis, 
H. Wi:uer Davis, John 'G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dueil, 
Edgerton, Eliot, Engiish, Etheridge, Farnsworth, Fenton, 
Florence, Foster, , Frencli, Goocll, Grow, Gurley, 
Ilalc, J. Morrison Ilarris, E-iaskin, Hickman, Hoard, Wil- 
liam Howard, Williu•n A. Iloward, flu:nphrey, Hutchins, 
Irvinc , J unkin, Francis W. Kellogg, Wiiliatn Kcllotrg, Ken- 
yon, Killinger, Lee, [Logan, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, 
Marst.on, Charles D. Martin, McKean, McKenty, Mc- 
Knight, McPherson, Montgomery, Moorhead, Morrill, Ed- 
ward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Morse, NibEack, Nixon, 
Porter, Potter, John II. 
Olin, Paluner, Pendleton, Perry, 
Reynolds, Rice, Riggs, James C. Robinson, Royce, Scran- 
ton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, 
Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, 
Thayer, Theakcr, Tompkins, Tl'rain, "Vallandigham, Van- 
dever, Van Wyck, iVade, Waldron, VValton, Cad waladcr 
C. W'ashburn, Eliihu B. Washburne, Webster, Wilson, 
Windcnn, and Wood—119. 
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas L. Anderson, 
William (J. Anderson, Avery, Bocock, Boteler, Brabson, 
Branch, Bristow, Brown, Burnett, John B. Clark, Burton 
Craige, De Jarnette, Garnett, John T. Harris, Hatton, 
Huzhcs. Jenkins. Kunkel, James M. Leach, Leake, Ma- 
Noel', Peyton, Quarle.3, Sickles, Simms, Willialn N•. II. 
Sinith, Stevenson, Stokes, 'I'hornas, Vance, Whiteley, 
Winslow, and Wright—41. 
So (two tllirds voting in favor thereof) the rules 
were suspended; and the House proceeded to the 
consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill 
for the admission of Kansas into the Union. 
During the vote, 
Mr. ENGLISH said: As the census shows 
that there is the requisite population in Kansas to 
entitle her to admission under the Kansas confer- 
ence bill, I see no reason why she should not nol.v 
be admitted as a State; and thereforevote '6 ay. " 
Mr'. WOODRUFF stated that his colleague, 
Mr. FERRY, had' gone home on account of sick- 
ness in his family. 
Mr. McKNfGHT stated that his colleague, 
MP. HALL, had been called home, and had paired 
with Mr. -HINDMAN. 
Mr. HUMPHREY stated that his colleague, 
Mr. CARTER, was still detained at homc on ac- 
count of the death of a member of his family. 
Mr. MAYNARD (when his name was called) 
said: As this bill, in my opinion, impairs directly 
the rights of certain Indian tribes, I vote 
" no. 
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina, (when his 
name was called,) said: As I understand that Kan- 
sas has a suffcient population, under the appor- 
tiontnent of 1850, to entitle her to a Represent- 
ative on this floor, but will not have under the 
apportionment of 1860, for this, among other rea- 
sons, I vote " no." 
Mr. McCLERNAND stated that he had paired 
with Mr. PRYOR. 
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that his colleague, 
Mr. MILLWARD, was paired with Mr. CLEMENS. 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, asked leave to 
vote. 
Objection was made. 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, stated that he 
would have voted in the negative. 
The vote was announced as above recorded. 
Mr. GROW. I do not propose to debate this 
It is now five years almost since a 
bill at all. 
bill first passed for the admission of Kansas into 
only wish to express my dissent 
the Union . 
to this syst.em of attaching independent legisla- 
tion to bills for the admission of States into the 
but. under the circ.umstances of this bill, 
Union; 
I movc to concur in the amendment of the Sen- 
ate, and demand the previous question upon it. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
rnain question ordered to bc put. 
The arnendment of the Senate was read, and is 
as follows: 
SEC. 4. and be it further enacted, That from and after 
the admission of the State of Kansas, as hereinbcfOre pro- 
vided, all thc laws of the United States, which are. not lo- 
cally inapplicable, shall have the same törcc and effect 
within that State as in other States of the Union ; and the 
State hereby constituted a judicial district ot• thc United 
States, within which a distriet court, with the like powers 
and jurisdiction as the. district court ot• the Ullited States 
the (listriet of M inuesota, shall he established ; the, judge, 
attorney, and ntarshal of the United States for the said dis- 
trict ()t: Kansas shall reside within the same, and shali be 
entitled to the same cornpcnsation as .the judge, attorney, 
and Inarshal of' t.he dist.rict of Minnesota ; and in all cascs 
of' appeal or writ of' error heretotbre prosecuted',- and nonr 
pendill!-r in the Supreme Court of the (Jnitcd States, upon 
auy record from the su prctue court of Kansas Territ.ory, the 
Inandatc of cxcculion or ()rdor of Curt.ber proceedings sl)all 
be directed by the Supreme Court. of' United States to 
the district court of the Unit.ed States for the, district of 
Kansas, or to the suprezne court of the. State of Kansas, as 
the naturo ot• such appeal or writ of' error ynay require ; and 
cach of' those courts shall be the successor of the suprerne 
court of Kansas Territory, as t.o all streli cases, witli full 
power to hear and (let.exminc tho smne„ and to award rnesne 
or final process the rein. 
SEC. 5. and, bc it further enacted, r ["hat. the judge of the 
district court for the district Kansas shall hold two reg- 
ular terms of the said court annually, nt. the seat of gov- 
ernment of the said State, to conunence on the second Mon- 
in each year. 
and 
day of 
The amendment was concurred in. 
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the untendment was concuryed in; and also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
DISTURBED STATE OF COUNTRY. 
The SPEA KER pro tempore announced that the 
special order, the report of the special committee 
of thirty-three, arrain came up for consideration. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, obtained the 
floor. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. 1 ask thegen- 
tlcman from Pennsylvania to give way to enable 
me to submit a motion that the special order be 
postponed until to-morrow after the morning 
hour. 
I'vlr. BURNETT. 1 rise to a question of order. 
I object to the gentleman from Pennsylvania yield- 
ing the floor, except upon the same conditions 
that were imposed upon the gentleman frorn Iowa, 
[Mr. CURTIS.] 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will 
not reverse4he. rule in this case. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 have 
derstood that the chairmen Of one or two com- 
mittees have reports which they think it is im- 
portant they sh ould make to-day. Iam not willing 
that the little speech I propose to make should 
interfere with the, transaction of necessary busi- 
ness; and therefoÆ, if it be the pleasure of the 
House to postpone the special order, I shall not 
object. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I now move to 
postpone the special order until to-morrow after 
the mörning hour. 
Mr. BURNETT. Now, Mr. Speaker— 
I have not 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. 
yielded the floor. 
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman made his 
motion and relinquished the floor. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. No, sir; 1 am 
rather slow, but I will finish my motions if gen- 
I demand the previous 
tlemen will give me time. 
question upon the motion I have submitted. 
Mr. BURNETT. ask the and nays 
I hope our friends will insist 
upon that motion. 
upon enforcing the special order until it has been 
disposed of. 
I hope the 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
gentleman from Michigan will state his reason fop 
moving to postpone the special order. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. The special 
committee of fivc wishes to report back the Pres- 
ident's message. 
Mr. MAYNARD. the gentleman from 
Michigan t.o modify his motion, so as to postpone 
-the special order until after the special committee 
has made its report. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. we willreport 
to-day, I suppose, if I can get the floor. 
Mr. MAYNARD. And then 1 propose to go 
I see no reason for 
on with th%. special order. 
postponing"it until to-morrow. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. to hold 
on to my motion. 
The previous question wyas seconded; and the 
main question was ordered. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken on Mr. HOWARD'S 
motion; and itorwas decided in the affirmative— 
yeas 112, nays 53; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Charles P. Green Adams, Ad- 
rain, Aldrich, Allev, VVi)liatn C. Andm•son, Ashley, Bab- 
hilt, Beale, Binuhain, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs, Buffin- 
Burlingame, Burnharn, Butterficld, C,atnpbell, Carey, 
ton, 
Case, Cobuén, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Covode, 
Curtis, I-I. Winter Davis. I)awes, Duel), Edgerton, Eliot, 
Farnswortll, Fenton, Foster, Frat"k, French, Gooch, Grow, 
Gurley, Ilale, Haskin, Hicklnan, naard, William Howard, 
Wiiiitun A. Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, 
Francis W. Kellogg, Williani Kellogg, Kenyon, Killinger, 
l)eVVitt C. Leacli, Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, 
Marston, McClernand, McKean, McKenty, McKnight, 
McPherson, Moorhead, Morrill, Ddward Joy Morris, Morse, 
Edwin R. Reynolds, John H. Reynolds, Rice, Riggs, C,hris- 
topljer Robinson, Royce, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman. 
Spaulding. Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William 
Stewart, 'Ilappan, 'I'hayer, Theaker, Tompkins, 
'Ih•ain, Triinbte, Vandever, Van Wyck, Wade, VVaIdron, 
Walt.on, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, 
Wells, Wilson, Windotn. 'Wood, Woodruff—112. 
N A Branch, 
Burnett, Horace F. Clark, Co.x, 
Brist0i.v, Brown, Burch, 
James Craig, John G. Davis, De .farnette, English, Eth- 
eridge, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gilmer, John 1". Harris, 
Hughes, Jenkins, kel, James M. 
Holman, 
I-iatton, 
Leach, Leake, Logan, Maclay, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, 
Miltson, Montgomery, Laban rr. Moore, Isaac N. Morris, 
Peyton, Pryor, Quarles, James C. 
Niblack, Pendleton, 
Robinson, Sim tns,W illiam N.I-I. Smith , Stevenson, Stokes, 
'I'homas, Va\landigharn, Vance, Webster, Whiteley, Wins- 
low, and Wright—53. 
So the special order was postponed. 
PRIVILEGE TO SELECT COMMITTEE. 
I ask the 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. 
consent of the House to offer the following res- 
olution : 
Resolved, That the special committee of five, to whom 
was the message of the President of tike 9th in- 
stant, have leave to sit during the sessions of the House, 
and to report from time to time, as tho importance of busi- 
ness in their hands lnay• require. 
Mr. WINSLOW. object. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. move to 
suspend the rules. 
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 califor andnays 
on that motion. 
