606 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 29, 
questiön still. operates, and thero is no use of the 
demand for the previous question. 
Mr. GARNETT. Ten- 
nessee will not insist on the reading of the bill. 
It is obvious that it wifl pass by a large majority; 
and the reading will only consume time. - For my 
part, I desire, if it has to pass, that it shall be 
acted on in time to be known in Virginia at once. 
Let her people understand, atnheir election next 
Monday-,• that a Pretorian guard and a military 
dictatorship are among the issues to be decided. 
[Cries of Order--!"] 
Mr. QU ARLES. I cannol comply with the 
request of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. 
GARNETT.] I am interposing every parliamentary 
obstacl& to the passage of every measure through 
this House which looks to the. use of force agailist 
any of the States of this Union. It has the effect 
still more to excite the people of the South , already 
too much excited. I insist, sir, upon my motion, 
that the engrossed bill be read. 
Mr. MAYNARD. That is the very reason 
why we are trying to defeat the passage of the 
The call of the roll was then commenced. 
Mr. BOTELER (when his name was called) 
said: I desire to say a word— 
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. 
that debate is not in order during a call of the roll. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus- 
tains the point•of order. 
Mr. BOTELER. Cannot 1 give the reason for 
m vote ? 
GARNETT. That courtesy has never 
been refused before. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The Chair has 
no control over that matter. 
Mr. I-IINDMXN. Will not the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania withdraw his point of order 
for once? 
Mr. SICKLES (when his name was called) 
gave the reasons for his vote; but owing to loud 
cries of order, 
his remarks were entirely inaudi- 
ble to the re orter. 
Mr. PENBLETON announced that Mr. 
LANDIGHAM was out of the House, and 'wvas paired 
off with Mr. EDWARDS. 
'l'he callof tho yeas and nays having been con- 
cluded, the result was announced—yeas 44, nays 
119; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Avery 
IBococlG Branch, 
Bristow, 
Brown, Burch, Burnett. , John B. Clark, Jaines Cratg; Bur- 
ton Craige, De Jarnelte, Edinuudsou, 
F,nglisl), Florence, 
Fouke, G',trnett, Johnr.ll.- flarris, Hatton, Iliridtnan, Jen king, 
Kunkel, James M, Leach, Lcake, Logan, Maclay, F,kbert 
S, Martin, Maynard, Mil}son. Pendleton, Peyton, i 
Pryor,' Quarles, .larnes O. l{ohinson, Scott, Sickles, Stunns, 
Willialll N. {I. Sinith, Stevenson, rl'h01nas, Vance, VVl)itc- 
Icy, Winslow, and Wright—44. 
NAYS—Messrs. 
Charles P. Adams, Grecn Adams, Ad- 
rain, A Idrich, Alley, Willi'dln C. Audersonq Ashley, Bab- 
bitt, Beale, Bingharn, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs, 
ton, Burlinga:ne. 
Burn lnun, Butter field, Ctunpbell, Carey, 
Case, Coburn, Colfax, Cönkiing, Covode, (.htrt.i*, II. Win- 
ter Davis, John G. Davis, l)awes, Delano, Duell, Edgerton, 
Eiiot, Etheridge, 
[•'enton, Foster, 
I"rencll, G ihner, 
Goocil, Grow, Gurley, Ilale, 
J. Morrison {larri*, Haskin, 
H ehniek, 11 ickrnan, Will rd, A. 
Howard, Hughes, f r tnnphrcy, 
.!unkia, 
Francis W. Kellogg, 
VViItiatn Kellogg, Kenyon, DeWitt. C. 
Leach, Lee, ] ,otvrhecker, Loo:nis, l,oveioy, Mallory, Mars- 
ton, Charles D. Martin, m McKean, Me-Kenty, 
McKnight, McPherson, Mon Laban tr. Moore, 
Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, N. Morris, , Nel- 
son, Niblack, Nixon, Pahncr, Perry, Potter, Pottle, Edwin 
R. Reynolds, John [1. 
Reynolds, Rice, Rigs'S, Christopher 
Robinson, Royce, Scranton, Sedg".'ick•. Sherntan. S')ineg, 
Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, 
Stokes, Stratton, rrappan, 
'.['hcakeyr, To xnpki ns; 'I'rain, 
'J'rirnble, Vandever, Van VVvck, Wade, iVaJdr011, S,Valton, 
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Éllihu B. VVashburne,Wobstcr, 
wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, WoodE'uff—119. 
So the House refused to reconsider the vote by 
which tbc bill was ordered to be enm•ossed apa 
read a third time. 
The bill being emyrossed, it was then read a 
third time. 
Mr. STANTON called the previous question 
upon the passage of the bill. 
ter Davis, 'John, G. •Dovis, Dawes, Delano, Duel}, Edger- 
ton, Eliot, Etheridge, Fenton, Foster, Frank, French,-Gif2 
met, Gooch, Grow, Gurley, Hale, J-. Morrison Harris, 
Hetmiék, Hoard, I-Iolma-n, William E10Ward,• William A. 
Howard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvine, .lunkin, Francis 
W. Kelioggj William Kellogg, Kenyon, Killinger, DeWitt 
C.-Lcach, Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mallory, 
Mtfréton, Charles D. Martin, McClornand, McKean, Mc- 
Knight; McPherson, Montgomery, Laban Moore, Moor- 
head, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Morse, 
Nelson, -Niblack, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Perry, Potter, Pot- 
tle, Edwin R. Reynolds, John H. Reynolds, Rice, Riggs, 
Christopher Robinson, Royce, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sher- 
man, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, VVil- 
liam S_tcwart, Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, 'I' haycr, Theaker, 
Tompkins, rrrain, Triinble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Wade, 
Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. 
Washburne, Webster, Wells, Wilson. Windom, wood, 
and Woodruff—119. 
NAYS—Messrs. Avery, Bocock, Boteler, Branch, Brown, 
Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, James Craia 
Burton Craige, De Jarnette, Edmundson, Florence, Fouke, 
Garnett, John T. Harris, Hatton Hindman, Hugl'les, Kun- 
kel, James M. Leach, Leake, 1.1 
ogan, Maclay. Elbert S. 
Martin, Maynard, McKenty, Pendletdn, I'eyton, 
Pryor, Quarles, .1ames C. Robinson, Scott, Sinnns, Wil- 
liam N. H. Sinith Stevenson, 'I'bomas, Vance, -VVhiteley, 
Winslow, and Wright—4'2. 
So the bill m.vas passed. 
During the call of the yeas and nays, 
Mr. DE JARNETTE said: 1 shall vote against 
this bill, because it foists into the service of the 
Unitcd States an army of six thousand men to 
constitute a Pretorian guard to overawe the South. 
I vote no." 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, (in announc- 
ing his vote in the negative,) said: My voice is 
still for peace; and I' persist in the determination 
heretofore formed, to give no vote which will 
increase sectional excitement. 
Mr. SHERMAN stated that Mr. PORTER had 
paired off with Mr. Cox. 
The result wus announced as above stated. 
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
DANIEL C. BATES. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 ask the. 
unanimous consent of thc House to put upon its 
passage a little private bill. 
I will send it to tho 
Clerk's table to be read. It is bill for the relief 
of the legal representatives of Danicl C. Bates. 
Mr. BRANCH. As that is only a private bill, 
and it is now- near dinner time, I move that the 
I-louse adjourn. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before that 
motion is put, I move that the rules bc sus- 
ponded to enable me to make my proposition. 
r Plie motion was entered. 
Thcreupon the I-louse (at fifteen minutes past 
four o'clock, p. m,) adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
TUESDAY, January 29, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
'The Journal of yesterday was road and approvcd. 
MRS. E. A. LINN. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the sen- 
ate a report of the Secretary of Illc Senate, in an- 
swer to a resolution of the Senate adopted yes- 
terday , respectincyan order of thc Senate 
the payment of certain mileage to Mrs. E. A. 
Linn, widow of the late Senator Lewis F. Linn. 
Mr. HALE. The resolution to which the 
munication is an answer was submitted by Ille, 
and I wish that the communication may bc laid 
upon the table, and printed. As this is a ques- 
tion that relates to the privileges of the body, I 
think it requires the attention of thc body; and I 
will call it up at a very early day, and express 
what I think is due to the occasion. 
think tbcre 
is an atternpt to instituto a sort of guardianship 
over the Senate i!) the disbursement of their con- 
tingcnt fund, which the Senate will not submit to. 
'l'hoy certainly will not, without a remonstrance 
on my oart. 
The previous question was seconded; and the 
I Thb VICE PRESIDENT. The communica- 
main question ordered to be put. 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, called for M tion will lie on table, and the motion to print 
wili go to the Committcc on Printing. 
the yeas and nays upon tlre passage of the bill. 
II Mr. HALE subsequently asked unanimous 
r l'he yeas and nays urcre ordered. 
consent to have the order to print the document 
'l'he question was put; and it was decided in 
made, without reference to the committee; which 
tho affirmative—yeas 120, nays 42; as follows: 
was acrreed to. 
Charles e. Green Admns, Ad- i 
Aldrich, Alicv, I V ill O. Anderson. Ashley, 
rain. 
bitt, Beale, Binghatn, Blair, Clakc, Brayton, Briggk, Bris- 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mra KING presented additional papers in rc- 
tow, Bufinton, Burnha;n, Butterfie)d, Carnpbe}i. Carey, 
Case, Coburn, Colfax, (Donk-uug, Covode, Curtis, H. Win- I lation! to the application of H. T. Bacon, f'or a 
register to •the schooner Perseverance ; which Were 
referred to the Committee on Commerce. 
Mr. KENNEDY presented the memorial of 
Philip T. Voorhees, a captain in the Navy, who 
was placed on the reserved list by the board of 
officers appointed under the act of February 28, 
1855, praying to be restored to the active service 
list; which was referred to the Committee on 
Naval Affairs. 
Mr. CAMERON presented the resolutions of 
the Legislature of Pennsylvania, relative to the 
maintenance of the Constitution and -the Union; 
which were ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. BINGHAM presented four petitions of 
citizens of Michigan, prayihg the immediate re- 
peal of the fugitive slave law, as being unjust, 
cruel, and unconstitutional; which were ordered 
to lie on the table. 
Mr. WADE presented a petition of inhabitants 
of the counties of Huntingdon and Fulton, 
sylvania, praying the establishment ofa mail route 
from Orbisonia, (a point on the stage route from 
Mount Union to Chambersburg,) via Meadow 
Gap, Maddensville, Fort Littleton, and Knobbs- 
Ville, to M_cConnelIsburg, a distance of twenty- 
three miles; which was referred to the Committee 
on the Post Offce and Post Roads. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition of 
citizens of Massachusetts, praying that the com- 
promises proposed by Hon. J. J. CRITTENDEN 
may be adopted; which was ordered to lie on the 
table. 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 present amemorial,signed 
by several thousand peoplc livirp in western 
Utah,praying for increased mail facilities between 
the Silver Diggings, known as the Washoe Dig- 
gings,and California. It isa véry short memorial, 
and I ask that it be read. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
To the honorable the Senators and Representatives of the 
United States in Congress assembled : 
We, your petitioners, would most respectfully represent 
to your honorable bodies, that the citizens of western Utah 
are entirely destitute or the mail facilities which our import- 
ance as a corntnunit.y demands. Our mining and agricul- 
tural resources, as yet but very imperfectly developed, aro 
already the astonishment of the world. 
wc have now a population of ten thousand souls in this 
l.)ortion of' (Jtah 'I'en•itory, and, judging by our past increase, 
the infiærence is ihir that by next year our population will 
be quadrupled. The amount of business transacted here 
rnakes the transmission ofa vast tunount of correspondence 
by scnne Enode of conveyance a positive necessity. 
mail is now carried daily by McLane's *tage line 
to Piacerville, California; but we have no guaranty of its 
continuance. 
"l'o this gentleman's courtesy atone we are 
indebted for our present mail thcilities. We. would there- 
fore most earnestly request that your honorable bodies 
will establish a daily rnail between Placerville, California, 
and Genoa, Carson City, Silver City, and Virginia City, in 
Utah Territory ; and that a semi-weekly mail be established 
between Virginia City, Silver City, Carson City, and Ge- 
noa, LO the Esmeralda mining district. and Monovi}le, in 
the Walker river mincs. And your petitioners will ever 
pray, ec. 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 move that the memorial 
bc referred to the Committee on the Post Offce and 
Post Roads. 
It was so referred. 
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED. 
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was 
Ordered, That the papers in the casc of Peter Van Bus- 
kit•k, on the flics of the Senate, be reförred to the Commit- 
tee on Pensions. 
BILLS INTRODUCED. 
Mr. KING asked, and by unanimous consent 
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 550) to 
authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in 
enforcing the laws and protecting public property; 
which was read twice by its title, and referred to 
the Committee on iMilitary Affairs and Militia. 
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent 
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 551) 
for the relief of I-lockaday & Liggit; which was 
read twice by its title, and referred to the Commit- 
tce on the Post Office and Post Roads. 
Mr. FUi'CH asked, and by unanimous consent 
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. NO. 552) 
relative to printi.n«y extra numbers of messages, 
reports, and doctunents; which was read twice by 
its title, and referred to the Committee on Print- 
Mr. i/VILSON asked, and by unanimous con- 
sent ol)tainod, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 
553) for the better orøanization of the milit.ia of 
the District of Columbia; which was read twice 
by its title and referred to the Committee on Mil- 
itary Affairs and Militia. 
