1861. 
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBj. 
607} 
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H, R. 
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on. the post No. 670) granting an increase of pension to Wib 
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the 
bill (H. R. No. 919) for the relief of F. M. 
Beauchamp and Betsy D. Townsend, reported it 
without amendmen t. 
LOUIS ROBERTS. 
Mr. RICE submitted the following resolution; 
which was considered by unanimous consent, and 
agreed to: 
Resolved, That thc Court of C!aims be rcquested to return 
to ibe Senate the papers relating to the claim of Louis Rob- 
erts for indemnity for losses sustained by him by the burn- 
insof certain supplies, while being transported to the Indian 
country in November, 1855. 
ADMISSION TO FLOOR. 
Mr. FOSTER. 1 offer the following resolu- 
tion; and if there be no objection, I ask for its 
present consideration: 
Resolved, 'Ilbat, in addition to those now entitled to that 
privilege, Governors aud ex-Governors of States be admitted 
to the floor ofthe Senate. 
Mr. POLK objécted to its consideration, and 
it lies over, under the rule. 
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed the bill of the Senatc (No. 321) 
for the relief of Robert A. Matthews. 
DISTRICT MILITIA. 
The message further announced that the I louse 
had passed a bill (No. 958) to amend an act 
titled An act. Inore effectually to provide for the 
organization of the militia of tho :District of Co- 
lumbia," approved March 3, 1803; in which the 
concurrence of the Senate was requested. 
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the bili was read 
twice by its title, and to the Committee 
on Military Affairs and Militia. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. 
The. message furtller announced that the Speak- 
er had signed the foliowinff enrolled bills; which, 
thereupon, received the signature .of the Vice 
President: 
A bill (H. R. No. 23) for the admission of Kan- 
sas into the, Union; 
A bill (H. R. No. 377) for the relief of David 
C. Whiåing; 
A bill (S. No. 321) for the relief of Robert A. 
Matthews. 
WILLIAM a. BERNARD. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no 
further petitions or reports, the Chair will call 
the attention of the Senate to the unfinished morn- 
ino• business of yesterday, bc-in(F certain reso)ü- 
tions presented by the Seriator from Kentucky, 
[Mr. CRITTENDEN.] On tlae question of the re- 
ception of the resoltltions, the yeas and nays have 
been ordered. 
Mr. DURKEE. 1 ask the indulgence of the 
Senate to take up a private bill on the Calendar. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator 
move to postpone the prior orders ? 
Mr. DURKEE. Yes, sir; and take up this 
It is House 
bill, which will lead to no debate. 
bill No. 670, grantino• an incroasc of pension to 
William G. Bernard, late a soldier in the United 
States A_rmy. 
Mr. LALNE. If the present order of business 
shall be suspended, will not my motion bc in or- 
der,' to take up the bill for the relief of Dr. Mc- 
Corniick? Will not that be the first thing? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks 
not, unless the Senator gets the floor and liltikes 
the motion. 
Mr. LANE. That bill ought to come up. It 
was reported unanimously by the Committee on 
I will not say anything about 
Military Affairs 
but if the regular order of business is sus- 
it; 
pended, shall endeavor to get it up. 
do not think this bill will 
Mr. DURKEFu. 
It grants only a small sane, and 
lead to debate. 
the person seeking relief is in distressed circum- 
stances. If it shoÜld lead to dcbatc, or encounter 
opoosition, 1 shall withdraw it. 
liam G. Bernard, latc a soldier in the ,United States 
Army, was considered as in Committee of the 
YVh01e. 
It is intended to requii•e the Secretary 
of the Interior to place the name of William G. 
Bernard, of New' York, on the' roll of invalid pen- 
sioners, at the rate of twenty-five dollars per 
month, commencing on the 11th of June, 1859, in 
lieu of the pension he now receives. 
FESSENDEN. 1 should to know 
what that ris for. Twenty-five dollars a month is 
rather a high pension. 
Mr. DURKEE. There is a report. 
Mr. KING. I ask that the report be read. It 
is the casc of u mau who has been about herc, 
whose arm and a part of his face were sawed off. 
The Secretary read the report of the Commit- 
tec on Invalid Pensions of the House of Repre- 
sentatives, from which it appeared that William 
G. Bernard, on the 16th day of November, 1857, 
at Boston, enlisted in company B, first regiment 
of dragoonS; that he was, with"his company, or- 
(lered to Fort Buchanan, New Mexico, and from 
thence to Fort 'I'ejon, California. At the latter 
place, there being an occasion for the use of lum- 
ber for the garrison, 
he was ordered by thc com- 
Inanding oflicer of the post, Lieutenant Colorlel 
Bea!l, to work in the Government saw-mill; 
and 
while so en)ployed, as his certificate of discharge 
states, he was accidently thrown upon a circular 
saw while freding it, by which casualty his right 
arm was so severely mutilated that he entirely 
lost the use of his right hand. I•lo was also se- 
verely wounded in the head and face, part of 
which is sawed off, losik'10' portipns of the lcfL 
molar and lower maxillary and right superciliary 
. ridge, leavino• 
but thc wreck of a man, who is 
totÅlly disabled from obtaining his subsistence by 
I Inhor. He performed all his duties faithfully. 
These facts are fully proven by the certificate of 
discharge, and by the certificate of the United 
States suro•eon. 'The petitioner has been allowed 
a pension of eight dollars per month by the Com- 
rnissioner of Pension", bemg tho extent permitted 
I by law• to be allowed by him. He appeared be- 
fore the committce, and they arc unanhnously of 
opinion that he cannot perform Inanual labor, nor 
even use his hand to write, and that he is wholly 
disabled froin obtaining his subsistence. 
listed to perform military duty as a dragroon in 
the Army, and not as an operator in a saw-mill; 
hut having been ordered by his commanding of'- 
ficer to poi'form this mill work, the requirements 
of strict discipiine rendered it necessary that hc 
should obey. When the Gove.rny»ne.nt induces a 
soldier to enlist ill its A rtny, a Inaterial 
the contract is that hc shall, among olhcr things, 
receive proper medical treatmel"it, attention, and 
skill, in tile cvont of casualty. In this instance, 
proper surgical skill and aid were not given t.he 
petitioner; and this is supported by eminent sur- 
o•eons, who have since examined the wounds. 
his case, therefore, forms an exception to the 
øcneral rule. 
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to 
a third reading, read the third time, und passed. 
PATENT OFFICE REPORT. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid the Sen- 
ate a letter of the acting Commissioner of Pat,- 
ents, communicating the annual report of that 
of-lic•e for the 1860. 
Mr. FITCH. 1 move that it be printed; and 
that the question of extra numbers be re- 
ferred to the Committee on Printing. 
'The motion to print was agreed to; and the fol- 
lowino• resolut„ion was referred to the Committee 
report of 
'[Ihnt. there bo printed of th 
the Comrnissioner ot' the Patent Office ou mechanics 
thousand extra copies Ibr the use ot• the Scnate, and 
thousand ft)t the use of tho Patent 
CIIARLES M'CORMICK. 
I Charles "McComiielGj'q•SsiSt4bi, 4U!geon cimtb-q 
United Sta'tås Army, 
Mr. HALE. IS. -therea report in that caSe? 
If there is, let it be read. 
The Secretary read the report of the" CnriiQfit" 
tee on Military Affairs and Militia;' 
indorsemen.t of the petition of- Dr.- MdCormiek;, 
and of the letter of the Surgé0Q Genera}: :nT-hee 
are as follows: 
To the Lonorabte the I-rouse o/ 
LSta.tes Oj ..amcrica : 
The -undersigned begs leave respectfd!iy to represent that 
he is, and has béen tor the last seventeen years,-an. asaipt-•t 
ant surgeon in. the Army of the United States; that during 
the greatest part-of the period of the war with Mexicö .be 
was on duty in the city of New Orleans, -Louisiani;- that; 
in addition .to the ordinary duties of an assistant surgeon, 
( which, at such a time and such a place, were very labori- 
ous,) he was called on to _perlin•m other duties, iivolving 
far greater pecuniary responsibility, and of ü nature that 
rendered it next to impossible to -avoid losses; that these 
extra duties were as follows 
Special duty as a disburSing agdnt of the medical depart- 
ment of the Army at New•Orleans; Louisiana ; purchasing, 
receiving, and •issuing large quantities Of-medicines, instru- 
lucnts, hospital stores, &e., for the Army in Mexico, fand 
to reuünents, dctnchmcnts, an-d companies of ,-tbe :régular 
and vohmteer troops pasSing through New Orleans.. This 
"'as a responsible duty, and involved the disbursement-of 
a considerable sun) of Inoney. 
Special duty in niaking disbursemOntS kinder the clause 
For providing fbr the comlbrt of discharged soldiers who 
niay be landed in New Orleans, or other piaces within the 
United Statcs, so disabled by disease or wounds receivb(l 
in the servicc as to be unable to proceed to their homes, and 
ttn•warding destitute soldiers to their honies, 6500.000; 
said sulli to be applicd and expended under the direc.,ti01'i of 
f.lie *eerotary of the act of Congress makil*r 
appropriations fbr the support of the Army aud volunteers 
for Lhe year ending June 30, 1848, and tar other purposes, 
approved March 2, 1847.) 
'Ithis was a most perplexing and responsibic duty ; it 
crowded Iny oflice almost constantly with applicants for 
relief. 
Joining this to the other numerous duties f had io -per. 
form, all requiring Iny own special attentions it eaused me 
to be almost constantly surrounded by hurry, bustie,-. and 
confusion, thus rendering it almost a nnatter Of:neceSSity 
that J should sustäin losses. 
Under this act, also, I had to purchase and issue in 
tail large quantities or clothing to men under all circuiD" 
stances—sick, dying, and often dead men, to have thon 
decently buried. -For this duty alone, diScharged to men 
of one company only, captains in ,the Anny ai•e allowed 
Len dollars per month. 
I issued clothing to Inen of nearly 
cvery regimellt and company, both volunteer and regular, 
in service, and utider circmnstances where the clothing 
responsibility was :norc Than a hundredtöld greater. 
had also pecuniary responsibility and considerable loss: 
in making out the final statelnents of great numbers.of in- 
valid soldiers discharged in the city of New Orleans. 
Under nn act of ('ongress, all payrnåsters, in the Army 
were allowed a percentage for payments Inade to volun- 
tecr•s. (See, act 0k' (-'ougres.s approved August 12, 1848.) rn•-.- 
astnucll, theretUre, as Congress, in aklowing teu dolla rs per 
rnontl'l to captains of cornpanies for ing 
and a percentage to all paymasters tar -paytnents to voiun.. 
teers, has thought it just and proper to luake such allov€'- 
ances to ofliccrs of the Army i'or responsible and extra-du- 
tics, to cover unavoidable losses; and as have sustained 
losses and perfonned two or three years avduous extra 
duties, as above eunrnerated, I there!bre respectfuiiy pray 
Congress nray allow zne a two and a half percentage 01kthe' 
amoul't of public money disbursed by nie under the act ap' 
proved March 2, 1847, 
CHARLES 
SURGEON GENERAL'S OrpzcE, January 31,'1851. 
SIR : Your communication o? the 28tlf'ingtant3 •Iiicios-v• 
ing to me a memorial from Assistant Surgeon Charles Mc- 
Cormick, off the United- States Army, and asking my opin- 
ion upon the merits of *lie petition, I have had the honor to 
receive. 
The memorial sets forth thåt, in addition to a fulf meas- 
nec of' duty in his own proper dcpartlnent, Dr. McCormick 
qvas called on to disburse the money appropriated by the 
act of' Congrcss, approved the 2d oc Måreh, 1847, provid- 
ing far the cmnCort discharged soldiers who be 
landed at New Orlcans,. or other places in the United 
States," &c., &c.; and he asks that, in consideration of the- 
extra labor perfönned, 
and the heavy responsibilities as-.. 
sun)ed, an allowance of 
per centullh be Inade to him> 
in thc final settlement of his accounts at the Treasury. out 
of the balance of thc approprialiorr remainin«r hand. 
Upon the subject-matter of this memorial, beg lea,ve 
submit the remarks : 
Assistant Surgeon McCormick was, ir 1846, stationed inn. 
the city of New ()rleans to act as medical purveyor, thc 
duties of which office were not only to receive and keep in 
depot a large amount of me(fical stores. f'ri.)4u New York Corr• 
reissue, but also to purchase knedical supplies at. New Or- 
leans. find förward then-I tipon spceiai reclilis.'itions to thét 
I diflOrcnt. Anny corps cunpioyed on the theater of war. 
addition to these duties as tnedical purveyor, be h*id, 
neccssarily to give his services to the oiiicers,ø 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions 
I soldiers, and Goverrunexxt. stationary and tran- 
presented by the Senator from Kentucky are now sient, in New (h•ieans•, the giving as; fail emt)loyment 
before the Senate. 
as confd justly be required one individual. While thus 
LANE. i move that the consideration of li engaged in the discharge of' his legitimate funogiOns DE, 
ick was called lipon by G enerai George M. Brooke,- 
the business regularly in order be postpöncd, for 
the rnilitary coxn at. Nexv Orleans; r.o give his-atten.- 
PRESIDENT. It is moved and 
the purpose of taking up the bill for the relief of i 
tions to thc u in vai ide.d discharged so]dicrg arriving 
in New (-h•ieans from A'}exico• and' other places, to: dis- 
seconded that the rcsolut„ions offered yesterday I i I-Dr. Mc.CJormick. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re- 
burse the jnoncy appropriated for: their, benefit. 
by the Senator from Kentucky I-)e postpo ned , with 
bnsiness of collecting zoaetber and providing for the, 
a-view to take up the biti grantinu• an increase of sumed, as in Cornmittee of the •Whole, the con- 
Of the bill (S. NO. 38) for the II 
pension to William G. Bernard. 
