1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
611 
road route reaching towards Puget Sound, near 
the northern• part of the United States of Amer- 
ica, and that road is bound to bc built. What wc 
ask at the hands of the Govcrnment is simply fair 
play. If the Government of the United States 
chooses to favor these routes by grants of public 
lands, or grants of the proceeds of the public lands, 
vve are willing to take such a grant, and build this 
northern road. Butifmoncy grants are to bc given 
by the Governincnt of illc United States upo-n thc 
central line and upon the line, it is but 
just that the Govcrnrneut should be plcd(red to 
favor also the northcrn road iu the saine wav, 
whenever that shall be in process o? 
We do not ask the money now; svc do not ask it 
three, no morc and no less, are necessary for this I thereof, bc entitled to 'demand any -instaflment:of 
the bonds hcreinbefore mentioned, to bé issued- aJ!d: deliv• 
think, sir, that the proposition to con- 
purpose 
eted in aid or the construction 01' any. or Cither Of•thelincs 
struct three roads shows, I-nost conclusively, that 
o? raiiway coutetnplated by this act, (Qilrvad epm_pa, 
the real Obiect of hu ildino• this road is not for any ny. its assoc:at.es, successors, or assigns, Shan, 
such purpöse, but for purposes of local, sectional 
time, as a security the amougtof such bonds and inter• 
est to aecrue thereon, execute to the United Statég ani6rt- 
thetefore I shall vote against thc 
convenience • 
mage on such portion or railway as shall from time to 
: I whole bill. At the same time [ shall not vote for on the of which all installments 
at') ylhing to the bill worse, and Shall vote of E)onds shall bé due and demandable, covering the appur- 
II tcnances, fixtures, -rollin:z-stock, mOtive power,' and ma- 
against. this amend ment. 
question being taken by yeas nay S' and continue a lien and charge thereon tilt the whole 
19, nays 
24; as follows: 
aniount of bouds thats.•hail bc in o? the construc- 
I-ion of the entire linc of such rai!road shall be repaid, put- 
Brat-rc, Bright, Chandler, 
Anthon v, 
} , suant to the provisions ot• this act ; aud in case-of the failure 
( *Aar k, 
Durke.e, Masou, MortiM, 
.Lyek, 'tho;nson, 'Crumbuki•, 
I, and VViiK-in.son—19. 
Baker, Bicker, C.atneron, Dixon, Donu- 
next year; but when the railroad is in process of has, 
Fcs:xcnden, Pitch, Foster, Green, Gwin, [Ictup- 
construction; and as fast as it, shall be built—and 
we do not propose to build the railroad on the 
northern route faster than the country shall be 
settled up—we shall ask for a grant of land or the 
proceeds of land , and then, with some money grant 
•by the Government of the United States, we shall 
reach the Pacific coast almost as soon as it wi}l be 
reached upon any other route. 
Mr. President, I say this not to object to the 
building of the central road, nor to object to the 
buildirw of the southern road where it is practi- 
cable to be built. 
I desire to look upon this whale 
railroad scheme as a practicable thing; and I say 
there are three crrand lines "Qincr across this con- 
tinent, and they are being• settled up, and the one 
which is settled up first will have a railroad first; 
and 1 suppose it will be the central line. 
r l'o the 
central linc the most money is proposed to be 
given by this bill—the sum of $60,000,000 to aid 
in its construction, in addition to the additional 
grantoflands which has been [riven by theamend- 
ment of the Senator from N'iic.higan. 
stand that, an amend Inont whiclfwiil be offered by 
the Senator from Minnesota proposes to give a 
grant of lands on the northern route, or t,li0 
ceeds of lal)ds, wh icl' , with this ney grant wh ich 
is asked for of only, will secure the 
buildintr of that road son10 time or other. 
I do 
not know but that [hc friends of the northern road 
would be satisfied if you would give then) nothincr 
but the proceeds of the public lands. 
would only give us the proceeds o? sections enough 
per mile, we rnight run the risk of the building our 
road for the value of the lands thcmselvcs. But 
as this amendment does not ask, I believe, more 
than six sections per mile upon the route, and but 
h [tl, Johnson of Arkansas, Joh nson of 'Ilenncssee, King 
Lane, Pearce, Polk, Sauibbury, Sebastian, Sew- 
ard, Sumner, and VVUson—.24. 
So the amendrnent was reiectcd. 
Mr. GWIN. Now, 1 hopc the bill will be 
reported to the Senate. 
IVIE•. WILKINSON. to out sec. 
tion thirteen, and all after that section to 
the southerli route, and to inscri what I-send to 
the Chair, providing for northern route. 
'Rhe Secretary read the arnel)drnent, to strike 
out from section thirteen to the end of the bills 
and to insert the following in lieu thereof: 
Sr.c. —. ,rqn.d be it .f•urrt.li.cr enacted, 
'Phat to insure the 
safe, certain, and speedy transportation of unail*. trij('1F, and 
public stores, any legal and duly ortsanizcd eornpany incor 
by any of the States or 'l*erritories through M'hich 
pass, shall power to lay out, locate, 
construct, furnish, 
nnaintnin, 
enjov a continuous rail- 
in the Statc ()t• 
road froxn a point at. Superior, 
to the western border Minnesota, at or near B E•cckill- 
ridge, on the Red River ot'thc Nortb ; thence westerly, cross- 
ing the Rocky Mountains north of the torty-fifth parallel 
_ north latitude, 
on IN ost cl igibie route to son') e 
point on 
$25,000,000, not now, but some years hence, it 
seems to me that it is not asking anything unrea- 
sonable at the hands of the friends ofa Pacific rail- 
road. We need communication with ID utretSound, 
'i'hc trd\th is that 
as well us with San Francisco. 
the great rnajority of the -American people havo no 
idea of tho value of the country which lies around 
Yuget Sound, iVith a (livel"Fi1i" southerly within 
tin-ee hundred Inilc.'f of Puget Jound, and via the valleys of 
the find rivers, to Portland, ()regon, 
and to bc called the Northern Pacific railroad ; and said com- 
pany undertaking to build said road, Shail consolidatc, COI'- 
i@derate, and 
a: soeiate with any other legal and dulv 
ganizcd coin pan ies, iocorporated by any of the States or 
'I'err;.torics tor the purpose, which may wish to aid in the 
construction the road upon joint and equitable tenns 
and there is granted to said cornpail.y undertaking to build 
said road, six alternate sections of land per inile on each 
side of such railroad line as said co:npan.v may adopt, from 
Lake Superior to t.he sve.stcrn border of Minnesota, and 
ft•cnn thence, to the atuount of ten alternate sections per 
mile, each side of such railway linc as said company 
Rid y adopt, to northern bordcr of California; thenec to 
the amount of six alternate sections per rnile, on each side 
of said railway line, at; said coinp:my may a(lopt., to tbc 
Pacific ocean, at or near San Francisco. And said 
shall also construct a telegraph linc along eaid line of rail- 
way, in the approved and workmanlike Elianner. 
. Jind be it j'ÆTIher cnactcd. 'l'hat whenever said 
ccnnpany u Ildertaktng to construct said rai nvay Luke 
Superior to San Francisco shall have fitty Iniies oc said 
railroad and telegraph line rcady (Or t.he service contenl- 
plated, cotntucucill" on Lake Superior, Charies D. Gik- 
fillc,n of M Nathaniel I). Banks of Blassachusctts. 
our northern border, north of LMinnesot.a ovon, in i I (but soon to be a citizen ot• Illinois,) and [saae l. Stevens 
the British possessions, and the value of' t!) at i i (if h,Vashingt011 'I"e.rritory, are hereby coostituted board I 
of conunissioners to exaniinc the sarne, and report to tuc 
portion of this continent which Vie, threw away 
" 540 40' or fight,' • to 
when we down from 
490, at the same time that we took Tl'exas into the 
Union, althoumll " 540 40' or fight " was t.hc battle- 
cry in the same canvass which brought it in. 
say that that country dernands and must have, and 
will {'lave, communication, and the proper timo to 
pa•ss upon that question is •vvhen the railroad quos- 
tion is up, and to pa=s upon it now. 
Mr. GVVIN. I will suggest to the friends ofa 
Pacific railroad that this amendment ig of a char- 
actor well calculated to deceive. T herc arc gen- 
tiemcn here who will not vote for any Pacific 
railroad, who wilt vote to reduce the credit on the 
central route dosvn to $50,000,000; and tbcn they 
will reduce it on the other road; and thw they will 
vote tvainst the third road, and thosc of us •svho 
t.liinlc a third road should not bc put on, with 
these votes will defeat it; and thon the bill will 
con'le before us with the credits reduced on both 
the roads to a point which it is supposed will not 
do. Thoreforc, I merely wisl'l to say, that the 
striking down of this credit herc will jeopardize 
thc biki-. 
Mr. SAULSBURY. believe, Mr. President, 
President of the (Jnited States; and if it shall appear hy 
said report that fitty Illilcs ot' said railroad and teleqraph 
liuc have been co:npleted in a. good, substantial, and work- 
Inaniike nranrær, and in all respects as required by this act, 
and supplied wit.h all necessary rolling-stock, 
and depots the nso of said road, as a first-class raihvay 
and that thc sarne are in good working order, rhen it shall 
be the duty of' the Secretary of thc 'I'reasury under thc di- 
rection of tbc President, 2 to issue to said the bonds 
of thc United States the sutn of $10,000 per mile said 
advanced 
fitly illiics tor the use of said ccnnpan:, as au 
•payanellt upon the contract by act. And 
each and everv jiltv In Ues of said railroad and telegraph 
line ready tot service, tn running order, the Secretary of 
thc 'I'rcasury Shall issue to said ecnnpany like stun of' 
*10,000 per in bonds of the t-'nited States, until said 
M a lid 
road shall reach the 'vestern border 
after that tlnc st_nn oc $15,000 Kier Inilc every fifty miles 
coinpletcd on any part of said road to Puget Sound, until 
I bonds shall have been issued to the tunonn•t 
whet: no Inorc bonds shalt be issued bv the United States ; 
hut said cmnpany shall have the right to contract witli the 
British Govertnnent, a loan of or bonds, giving a 
niortgage lien to said British Governinent security, sub- 
iect to [he mortgage lien of the UniLcd States, but, with the 
exception to the 'J nited States and the British Govern- 
Inent, no mortga«c or construction bonds shall ever in any 
way be put upon said road. A vacancies in said board 
of conunissioners, caused by death, resignation, or other- 
wise, shaii be filled by the President of' the United States. 
02nd bc it .furth.er enacted, fl'hat said cmnpaliY 
SEC. —. 
that the friends of a Pacific railroad ask fbr its i I shall conunence the work on said road within three years 
front the approval of this act by the President of the Uni- 
construction becausc it is necessary for the public 
ted States, aud complete one hundred miles per year after 
defense. 'T l)ey have departed from Ibe original I 
the fourth year; and evcry provision, eonditi01i, limitation, 
scheme of one road, and now they propose to make or restriction in this act contained, shall be, and the same 
are hereby, app!ied to and imposed on the cotnpany under- 
thrce. I should lik&to hear the friends of this bill 
taking to buiitl the Northern Pacific railroad from Lake Su- 
explain how it is that three Pacific railroads are 
perior to Puget Sound. 
necessary, in a military point of view, for tbc de- 
.4nd be it .flurth.er enacted, That whenever any 
fth)se of the country; how it councs that exactly railroad coujpany embraced in this act shall, undcr the pro- 
of any such railroad company, its associates, successors, or 
assigns, to counplete the entite line, of railroad and tele- 
graph, the said Eiluctaage shall contain a cianse ot- fortOiture, 
right of {Oreciosure, or appropriation by the United States of 
the said property; which clause, or co"dition, as to 
and sufficiency, shall be approved by the Attorney General 
the IJnitcd States. 
.ßnd be it further enacted, That no donation of 
sec, —. 
lands, nor appropriation or loan ot• bonds, for thc cb.ieet.s 
and burposcs specificd in this act, shall be granted to any 
railroad corporation, its associates, successors, or assizns 
tor or on account of' any railroad or line of telegraph that 
has been, or rnay hereafter be constructed, -or in course ot• 
construction, by ail y other corporation or parties, j ii any 
State or O'erritory, which shall a portion of eitOer line 
o.f railway or telegraph conten)plated in this act. 
. und be it.lu.rl.her enacted, the acceptanco 
of tho terms, conditions, and ilnposi'ions of this aet by anv 
railroad corporation, shall bo signified ill writing under the 
e.c'rporate seal of such corporation, duly executed pursuant 
to the direction of its board uf directors, first had and Qb•. 
tainocl ; which aceeptnnec shall be Inade within eighteen 
Inout.ti$ alter the passage of this act, aud not attcrwards, 
and shall be served on the Presi(lent of the United States, 
which notice shali state which of the throe lines 01' railroad 
contemplated in this aet *tic!) corporation undertakes to 
construct and maintain; and all acts of incorporation, or 
other acts froni any State or 'ilerritoriai Legislature to carry 
provisions of this bill, shall be sulnnitted to Con- 
out the 
gress fur approval before any lands or bonds shall be re- 
bv any (it' the cmnl)itllies undertaking. to build tile 
several lines of raihva.v contc»nplatcd by this act. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on striking ont the sections specified, and in- 
septing thosc which have just been read. 
Mr. WILKINSON. A1-thesuggestion ofsomc 
friends of this Inoasure, I wish to modify my 
motion, so as to Lhcse as additional sections 
to the original bill. 
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am not certain about 
it; but, according to ID y recollection, I think this 
line will bring us within from thirty to fifty miles 
of tho British possessions. 
I suggest to the hon- 
oral)lo mover of this amendment whether it would 
not be well enough to carry this road a little 
higher, and pat it on the line between us and the 
British possessions? Every friend of the bill 
proposes simply to construct the road for the pur- 
I poses of military defense; and then, perhaps, by 
Lreaty with Great Britain, she would join us in 
constructing it, and both sides could agree that it 
should remain unobstructed both in limes of peace 
and war. 
IVIr. WILKINSON. If 1 understood the Sen- 
ator correctly, he is laboring under a very great 
mistake. The line of this road does not go into 
the British possessions at all, or near thcm. If 
the Senator will examine carefully the map that 
has becn laid on the tables of Senators, he will 
find that it does not touch the British posses- 
slons. 
Now, the objection which was nrgcd to my 
other amendment by tho Senator frotn Oregon. 
[Mr. 13AKCR,] certainly cannot, apply to -this 
II is very evident to any one who 
tunendmeut. 
has examined this matter at all, that the best route 
altogether of either of the three which are men- 
I should like to 
tioncd, is the northern route. 
understand how it is that Senators on this side of 
the Chatnber, at least, can vote $36,000,000 for a 
i southcrn route, going through the entire length of' 
the State of Texas, now in the act of secession; 
now about to go oub of this Union. I should like, 
I say, to hear some person get up and explain the 
reason and the propriety of 
of the Treasury for that route, while they stand up 
here and oppose northern route? I do notat all 
accede to the doctrine that we arc to reward a 
State which is in arms a«yainst the Federal Gov- 
ermnent, by voting t.Le Federal money into their 
hands, and the same Lirne withholding it from 
that portion of the Union which is true and loyal 
this act of in- 
to the Constitution. 
If, however, 
justice can be done under the pretext of saving 
the Union, I am perfectly willing that Sehators 
As for Inyseif, will never sustain a 
shall do it. 
wrong like this for the sake of rew.ardinø the 
State of Texas, or the State of Arkansas, or any 
