1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB"E. 
613 
popularity and strength of thc measure in the I a northern, a central, and a southern road. has-- Mr. G WIN. If the Senator from Magsacliu. 
country to put on this northern road. intend, 
much as I may not be able to vote for the bill as i setts will withdraw his amendment, we can try it. 
if I can get an opportunity before this bill passes, 
it may finally before the Senate, tind Iam Mr. WILSON. I Withdraw my amendment 
if the provision is not already in it, to propose about to vote fort amendment, I think it proper for the purpose of a motion made whiCli 
that separate books be opened for subscriptions 
that I shonld make this explanation. 
will limit the bill to a provision fdr thegreat een• 
for each of these three. roads; and that whenever Mr. SIMMONS called for the yeas and nays; tral road across the continent, giving land aid 
there shall be half money enouRh subscribed by and the were ordered, and taken. 
$60,000,000 for that road, and let the northcrn and 
Mr. (YLARK, (who at first voted in the nega- southern roads go. 
individuaig to build either one of them, the Gov- 
thought Mr. GWIN. That strikes out all of the bill 
ernment of the United States shall subscribe the 
tive 
,. ) misapprehended the question. 
other half. That wili test the sincerity of the 
the vote was simply upon striking out the gouth- 
I have reo idea, myself, of voting crn route, and therefore voted in thc negative. I 
stockholders. 
to any corporation for any road, 
understand now it is to add a northern road. 
I 
and then not have any control over it after they change my vote. 
have expended our money. It is a great deal of 
'I'he result was announced—yeas 22, nays 19; 
money; but I believe it will be a valuable invest- 
as follows: 
mcnt, if we have any legislative power over the i YDAS—Messrs. Anthony, Binghmn, 
Bright Chandler, 
Clark, Coliamer, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, King, 
road, to prevent it from being made a monopoly 
Lane, Morriil, Powell, Rice, Simmons, Sumner, tl'en Eyck, 
and a corporation for taxing the rest of us through 
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—22. 
our livcs. I would give no corporation that power; 
NA YS—Messrs. Baker, Biglcr, Bragg, C;uneron, Cling- 
but I would be willing to makc provision in the 
Inan, Crittenden, Dixon, Foster, Green, Gri:nes, Gwin, 
bill that a fair toll shall be charged, so as to allow, 
[larlan, flenrphili, Johnson of 'Tennessee, Lathani, Nich- 
olson, Polk, Saulsbury, and VVigfall 
say, an income of twelve per cent. upon each 
road, and whcn they got it to that, the Government so the amendment was adopted. 
should have power to reduce the tolls. The Gov- 
ernment havzno• some intel•est in the dividends, 
there would be some motive for us to let. them 
make that much ; but this offering of $100,000,000 
to people to make a road, and then to let them 
manage it and ingraft their projects upon it, with- 
out any control on our part, I think is the most 
unwise measure to which this Government could 
give its sanction. 1 should be not only willing to 
takc one half the stock, as we did in the Louis- 
ville and Portland canal, but I should be willing, 
when they had paid in $1,000,000 in cash, and 
expended it, to loan them another million upon 
a mortgaze of their half of the road, so that the 
road itself would bc three qiarters of it built upon 
the credit of the United States, who can raise 
money at one half the rate of interest that any in- 
divid corporation can. 
In that way, one fourth 
of the money coming out of the pockets of indi- 
viduals would give them a sufficient individual in- 
terest in each road to secure good mana•ement 
and econorny, and the Government w;ould have 
interest enough to participate and to see to this 
road; see that the tolls are not too high; see that 
the public are not imposed upon. 
I believe that this central road, if it costs 
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the thirteenth 
section of the bikl, which relatcg to the southern 
route, in the eleventh and twelfth lines, by strik- 
I ing out, " at or near San Francisco," so that the 
section will•read: 
And by the nearest and best route to the Pacific ocean. 
i propose, also, to strike out 4' at or near San 
Francisco," in the thirty-third line of the four- 
teenth section; and as we have amended the bill 
by adding another road to it which will cost 
very large stun of money, I move to strike out 
thirty-six und insert twenty-five 
in the 
thirty-fourth line of the fourteenth section. By 
doinx this, we shall give to central road 
$60,000 ,000; to the southern road $25,000,000; 
and to the northern road $25,000,000; which will 
make the whole sum $110,000,000. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER 
in the chair.) 'I'hc question is on the mnehd- 
ment to the thirteenth section, proposed by the 
Senator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. WILSON. I will briefly explain this 
amendment. The central route goes to San Fran- 
cisco, and in reality, I think myself, it is the only 
road we ought to undertake to build at this time. 
Still, I understand ••.ve cannot geta bill through of 
$100,000,000, will pay twelve per cent. the first 
that kind, sirnple and alone. We propose to 
year it starts, without the travel that now goes grant a certain quant.ity of land, and 
look upon it as the great road. 
between the States on the western Sidc and those for that röad. 
It goes to San Francisco, across the ccntrul regions 
on the eastern side of the Rocky Mountains. 
1 
went over these figures a year or two ago, and I of the continent. The southern route is alto- 
satisfied myself that, according to the bill then gether through the Territories and through Texas, 
proposed, and the rates of there allowed, it and a portion of California, to San Francisco, and 
would pay $15,000,000 a year; and I have no the bill gives that, $36,000,000 and a certain 
after the ninth section, I think. 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 make that motion. 
Mr. BRAGG. All after the twelfth section. 
Mr. GWIN. Strike out from the thirteenth 
section. 
Mr. BRAGG. What will become of 
to Oregon ? 
Mr. CLARK. Docs that get rid of the amend- 
ment which 
roposed to the last section? 
Mr. No, sir; 
that is an additional 
section, which was put on as an amendment. The 
motion is to strike out all of the original bill aftet 
the twelfth section, leaving only provision for a 
road on one route—the central route. 
I Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not deliver 
you from the northern route wliich has just b'cen 
added. 
Mr. GWIN. Yes, it does. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is 
to strike out all after the twelfth section of the 
original bill. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would strike out the 
amendment which has just been adopted, provid- 
ing for a northern route. apprehend it is not in 
order to make that motion. 
I should be very 
glad to have an opportunity of voting for the one 
route, but, it seems to me, it cannot be reached 
in this way; we must wait until we get into the 
Senate. We have just adopted an amendment 
för a northern route. Now,'is it competent to 
turn round and move to strike that out? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not by itself. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can you couple some. 
thing else with it, and move to strike it out? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is 
of opinion that that can be done. The question 
is on 8triking out all after the twelfth section of 
the original bill. 
Mr. WILKINSON called for thc and 
nays; and they were ordered. 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 my consent to 
this amendment, for the reason that from the 
comm,encement of the discussion upon this bitl 
I have consistently advocated the construction 
of two roads, and I am unwilling now to depart 
from that policy. It is immaterial -to me, as I 
stated on a previous occasion, where these routes 
commence and wherc thcy end. I care not where 
they start on the respective sides. 
I am unwill- 
doubt of it. Take the Pike's Peak country, where amount of land. I propose that, instead of going 
there are said to be sixty thousand people now. i! to San Francisco, that road shall go to the Pacific II ing at this time, to depart from the course I have 
If there was a railroad, thcre would bc a hundred ocean, wherever the company choose to carry it heretofore adopted on this measure. If I was 
thousand at work thcrc every summer, and every ! , across the country, coming out at San Diego or 
satisfied that it was utterly impossible to pass a 
one of them would come home to live in winter. i! anywhere else they choose, and that they shall bill which wrould plcasc all the sections, (which I 
They cannot do anything there in winter until have the sum of to build the southern am not as yet,) I certainly would vote for but one 
route, becausc the people of the State •that; I rep- 
route. W c have adopted an amendment which 
they [mild comfortable homes, and raise sorne- 
thing to live on, and the miners would all- return adds the northern route, from Lake Superior to resent want a road, and not roads; and the only 
reason why, heretofore, I have advocated the esta b- 
when the weather was so that they could not sub- Puget Sound, with n branch, I think, and '.ve. pro. 
lislnncnt of two roads, as I before stated, is that 
sist comfortably there; but it is nearly a two ' ! pose to give to that road $25,000,000. Now, if' 
I my amendment bc adopted, we shall give the it better reconciled all conflictincr interests than 
months' journey, I am told, or journey of over 
a month, at any rate, and therefore they have to southern road $25,000,000, and the northern road any other schemc which could possibly be pro- 
winter there. But if this railroad went through $25,000,000, and the central road $60,000,000, posed. Whenever I am satisfied that cannot be 
making $110,000,000, and it is a pretty large gum done, I shall bc prepared to give a vote for a sin- 
that country, the travel would be increased focir- 
I of money for us to vote at this tune. Thercfore, gle route. 
fold. There is no kind of doubt about that. 
hope a road will be provided for, and proper pro- I propose the amendment ill this way, leaving the The qucstion being taken by yeas and nays, 
central route to go to San Francisco, and the rcsultcd—yeas 22, nays 25; as follows: 
visions made to secure individual stockholders, 
and responsible stockholders, to build at least halt' southern route to touch tho Pacific 09-ean, wherc- 
YEAS—.Mcssrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Chandler, 
Clark, Collamer, I)urkee, FcSsonden, Foot, Foster, Grhneg, 
ever the company choose to go' sav at San Diego' ('win, narian, King, Morrill, Polk, Silnmons, Sutnner, Ten 
of it; and I would not start a road unless it got 
I have no doubt, with that security, we 01' perhaps by the time they cet •the road built, 
them. 
Eyck, Trunnbul}, Wade, and Wilson—-22. 
they will want. to coinc out at Guayamas,or some 
shall insure abundant caution on the part of the 
NAYS—- Messrs. Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Clingrnan, Crit- 
other point on the coost. 
tenden. Dixon. Doucrlas, Green, Hernpbill, nun- 
subscribers, and care and economy in the mana«rc•- 
ter. Johnson Of ']'enncssec, Cane, Latham, Nicholson, 
ment of these roads; and with that I think they Mr. G WIN. I hope the. Senator from Mas- 
Pearce, Powell, Rice, *aulsbury, Sebast.ian, Seward, 
sachusetts will so modify his amendment as to „ 
will be profitable. 
J hornson, VVigt-aIl, and Wilkinson—25. 
strike out of the bill all but the central road. I 
Mr. TEN EYCK. I rise simply for the pur- 
pose of making an explanation, as I intend to vote havc heard u great many express a prcf_ So the motion to strike out did not prevail. 
erence in favor of one road. If there are really 
In favor of this amendiient,in view of the remarks 
which I before offered. 
whicli I made one day last week, when I stated enough friends of the Pacific railroad to pass 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
through a bill providing for but one road, let us 
that I would only vote for one road. I deem it 
Instead of packing this bill down, and ment l.vill be read. 
desirable to say, that I think the central route is try that. 
thcprcfcrableone,and that the Governmentshould destroying it, let us see if we cannot get clear of The Secretary read the amendment: In section 
only undertake to lend its aid in the construction encumbrances. If the motion be made, I will vote thirteen' lines eleven and twelve, strike out " at 
or near San Francisco;" so that the clause will 
of the main trunk; but if more than one road is to strike out all but one route. 
to bc constructed—u an opportunity is to be al- IV:h•. GRIMES. I make that motion. 
And by the nearest and best route to the Pacific ocean. 
lowed for the construction of more than one road II Mr. BAKER. I will second it. 
—I see no reason why there should not. bc an op- The PRESIDING OFFICER. There an ii And in section fourteen, line thirty-two, strike 
at or San Francisco;" and in lino thir- 
amend pendinz 
portunity afforded for the construction of three— 
