614 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 29, 
ty-four, strike out "thirty-six, "and insert "twen- 
iy-five;" so that the clause will read: 
And from that point, the sum of $12,000 per mile for each 
fifty miles of railway and telegraph tirie so completed to the 
western terminus. until bonds shali have been issued to the 
arnount of no more bonds shali be issued. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 should like to have the 
question on each one of those amendments sep- 
akrately, for 1 do not understand exactly the effect 
of them all. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first amend- 
Inent will be vpted on by itself. It is in section 
thirteen, lines eleven and twelve, to strikc out the 
words at or near San Francisco." 
Mr. GWIN. I-low will it read then ? 
The Secretary read: 
and by the 
And thence proceeding by a single trunk line, 
nearest and best ront.c to the Pacific ocean. 
Mr. G WIN. Is that the southern or thc north- 
crn route? 
Mr. WILSON. Tho southern route. 
The amendmcnt was rcjccted; there being, on 
a division—ayes .18, 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to have the 
yeas and nays on that amendment, for I think it 
Too late." Wc}l, we can 
very important. 
havc a vote on it in t I-iC Senate. 
I the 
motion; and i shall ask for a vote upon it when 
the bill is reported to the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next 
tuncndment proposed by the Senator from Mas- 
sac.husetts will be read. 
The Secretary read it: In line thirty-three of the 
fourteenth section, after the word 
tcrtninus, 
to strike out tbc words at or near Sun Fran- 
cisco;" so that thc clause will road: 
And' froin that point, the gum of $12 ()00 per n:ilc each i 
fifty miles of railway and telegraph line so to 
tbc western tcrtninus, until bonds shatt have issued 
to the amount of when no Inore bonds shall 
be issned. 
Mr. YVILSON. 1 will 
principle; and tl'l crcCo a 
merit in volves the sani(' 
vote need not bc taken upon it. 
I withd raw it. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
ment is withdrawn, and the next amendment will 
be read. 
"I'hc Secretary Fad the. amendment: In linc 
thirty-four of the fourteen fli section, to strike out 
' thirty-six," and insert " twenty-five;" 
so that 
it will read: 
aulount of 
been issued to 
Until bonds have 
$25,000,000; when no jnore bonds shall be issued. 
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President., my object is, 
to give to the southern, 
to the northern, and to the central 
I propose to reduce the an-wunt for the 
route. 
southern from to 
My intention was, eut quite a number of 
11) ilcs in Cal ill) rnia, 
run Iling up to San Francisco; 
bul the Senate have decided otherwise, on u vote. 
I am afraid, with the i_uncndmcnts that have been 
northern route, 
it' we retaili these 'argc sturus on tbc 
I propose, therefore, to limit 
whole will be lost. 
it to for so and 
route, and Lho 01 
for the northern 
make ofün- the panel'ldmel')t be- 
cause I think it will have a tendency to carry the 
bill throuæh. 
Mr. WILKINSON caned for the and 
and they were ordered. 
nays on the amendrnc•llt•, 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 'I'he object of' the amend- 
rnent is to reduce the appropriation for tho south- 
ern route, as 1 understand, froin to 
Ivir. WILSON. Yes, sir. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. That 
amendment, I suppose so as 10 reduce the rate 
per mile in the other parts of the bill; otherwise 
from Illinois that if this amendment prevail, some 
other gentleman will undoubtedly move corre- 
sponding amendments to make the bill suit; and 
those proposit.ions wiil be adopted afterwards. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 have no objection to that, 
provided the assurance can be given that the rate 
will be enough to mak.c the road. I suppose the 
bill gives just so much per milc on the idea that 
it required that amount to make the road. 
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator will me, 1 
will make a suggestion. The same diffc,ulty ap- 
plies to the bill in its original shape. Nobody 
knows what it wilt amount to. It will depend upon 
the location of the route, tho curves, and various 
other things. 
The question being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted—ycas 19, nays 28;.as follows: 
B ingham, Chandler, Clark, 
Anthony, 
Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Gril)lc.s, [larlan, Kina 
Morrill, P u:.rh, Rice, Silljznons, "J'runlbull, I'Vadc, W ilk-ili- 
son, nud Wilson—10 
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Biglcr, Bragg, Bright. Cameron, 
Dixon, Douglas, 
Fitcll, Foster, 
Crittenden, 
Clinu:nan. 
Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, 
Green, Gwin, Ileinphill, 
Johnson of 'Tenncssec, Kelli'\edy, Lane, Latham, Nichol- 
son, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Sebastian, Seward, Thomson, 
and Wigfall—23. 
So the amendment was rejected. 
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 desire to amend- 
Inent, in line eight of section five, after the word 
' to insert the words " op shall fail to nmke 
such progress during any portion of the fiest tsvo 
years as shall satisfy tbc President that the one 
hundred miles required will be completed by the 
so that the section will read: 
end of' thtit time;" 
SEC, 5. Jlnd be i.t.,furth.e.r enar.tcd, 'I'hat ift_hc corpora!.ion 
or corporations procecding under the provisions of this act 
in the construction of said road shall rail to commcnec tbc 
work upon said road v.'it.hin onc year froin the time at which 
the acts of' incorporation shall have been approve(l, accord- 
ing to the first section of thig act, or Pail to 
or shall fail to 
Iiiilcs pcr year after t11C first year, 
tnakc sueh pro:rross during any portion of the first t\V0 years 
l] as shall sat ist•y the President that the one hundred miles 
reqlrirccl will bc ('01npletcd by tho end Qt• that tune, or shall 
thil to eoli)picte thc whole ot• said line. and furnish the rail- 
road transportation contctnplated and contracted ibr by this 
act a;ong the cntirc line within fittecu years, ec. 
Thc object of that amendment is, to place it ab- 
solutcly under the control of the Pi•csident, so that 
there shall be no needless delay; that in case the 
President is satisfied it is in the hands of specu- 
lat.ors, and thc work has not been done, he shall 
have the to take it from their hands. 
Mr. PUG±I. It to me, if there should 
bc any road under this bill—of which I have not 
tho sligh test expectation—that this would be arm- 
ing the President of tbc Ijl')ited States with a most 
extraordinary authority; and for that reason I 
shall vote against it. As I said, I do not expect 
any road will bc madc by tlic bill; but if there is 
to be a road, I am not for the President owning it. 
amendment was rejected. 
Mr. GWIN. Now, 1 hope the bill will be 
report.cd to the Senate. 
IVIr. BRAGG. I have an amendment or two 
I Enove, in linc 
t.wclvc, section three, 
to offer. 
' reimbu rsed, 
to strike out the 
after the word 
' by service so rendered." My purpose 
words 
ill this arnendment is not to confinc Lho clailn of 
the United States upon this corporation simply to 
reimbursement by services rendered. I shall fol- 
low it up by a 11)0tion to strikc out the same 
words in relation to the morto•ago which it is pro- 
posed to make; 
so that the Inorlgage shall be a 
full lien unoa. the whole road without its beinff 
lirnited to reiniburscments in any particular way. 
I rnovc to strikc out these words, ' 
by services 
so rendered. " 
MY. of At•kancas. T hc Senator 
from North Carolina has {'ought this bill faith- 
fully. is no question about that; and I 
complitueüt hilu and those who have acted with 
vote for the bill as it stands, and leave it to that 
future legislation; for I am satisfied that the lines 
and directions marked out by the bill are the best 
that we shall ever make. Under these circum- 
stances, disposed as I am to vote for it, feeling 
that the bill has become an annoyance to the 
Senate, and such a one that x.ve should no longer 
trifle with it by petty amendments, believing that 
we should, as a matter of self-protection, vote 
down any further amendments, I prefcr to make 
this protest on the present amendment introduced 
by one whom I esteem so highly as I do the Senator 
from North Carolina, rather than on an amend- 
ment introduced by a Senator who it might be 
supposed I could oppose asa matter of feeling. I 
therefore earnestly ask the Senate to shot,'Y' plainly 
that they mean to consider this matter no longer; 
but to take the bill as it stands, vote upon it, pass 
it, send it to the other House, and have done with 
it in this body, in ordcr that we may go on with 
whatever else has to be considered by the Senate. 
Mr. BRAGG. I admit the force ofa great deal 
that my friend has said about this matter; but I 
had intended to offer these amendments hereto- 
fore, but was prevented by an absence from the 
I think, 
Senate, necessarily, for several days. 
while we are amending the bill—whether it is to 
bavc any effect or not, I will not undertake to 
say—it requires amendment in the particulars i 
I have indicated. 1 have heretofore stated, notwith- 
standing what my friend says, that I •have not 
fought this bill in any factious spirit at all. The 
amendments I have offered, I think, have, been 
proper ones; and while I am opposed to the meas- 
ure, I have admitted that candidly. If it is to pass 
in any shape, I want to see it passed in a shape 
in which the interests of the country will bc pro- 
tccted. 
As I said before, as I understand this bill, it 
looks to a reimburse_ment of the Government 
solely by services to be rendered by the cm•pora- 
tion; and I call the attention of the Senate to the 
words which I propose to strike out from line 
, page 7. r he clau.se would then read: 
twelve 
Until the whole tunoufit. of money and accruing interest 
advanced by the United States to said corporation or cor- 
porations shall bo refinburscd. 
The bill, as it now stands, adds the words " by 
services so rcndercd." 
If it is to confine the re- 
imbursement to thc service to be rendered, I want 
to get clear of those words. By referring to line 
seventy-eight, on page 10 of the bill— 
the section 
wherein there is a provision for a mortgage upon 
the whole road, which it is provided, I admit, 
Å'hall be a first rnortgage, and, f suppose, intended 
by the Senate to be a full lien for •the security of 
the United States for the whole amount advanced— 
it will be seen that that section ends thus: 
As security that the amount of the bonds and interest 
thereon advanced by the United States, as aföresaid, shali 
be reixnbutsed in Inau and other service, according to the 
provisions of this act. 
I wish to strike out the words, " in mail and 
other service, according to the provisions of this 
act;" so that the mort«yage shall remain and be a 
security that the full amount of the bonds and 
interest thereon, advanced by the United States 
as aforesaid, shall be reilnbursed." 
It will give 
the Government a control, to some extent, over 
the corporation; a control which they ought to 
have thc power t.o exorcise. 
I therefore move to 
strike out those words in both the sections. I 
think they ought to coine out. 
Mr. WiLSON. Mr. President, the Senator 
from North Carolina who avows that he is op- 
posed to tbc bid, Inoves this amendment, and I 
certainly can boar testimony that hc has not 
atternpted to thwart the bill in any unfair way. 
He has moved amendments, and I consider some 
of them very good, but in this amendment I think 
vou will give s<_) much per mile on the road, which 
and then limit it to which', I suppose, 
would render a supplemental bill necessary to 
carry it [jut. 
Mr. WILSON. The is 
in tho other. 
him, on the success with which the battle has been the Senate should not concur. 
I do not believe 
that there are too many inducements in this bill 
that havo already been adopted, the bill itself will 
I ann also satisfied that ali 
never build tl)e road. 
that the bill can or wili do is to establish the lines 
of the road; and that future legislation alone will 
ever reach thc object which Congress has in v:cw. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 think the II Hereafter, 
those "rho will be intrusted with this 
should be so adjusted that they wili correspond matter can, perhaps, proceed, under this bill, so 
with the s!.lm total we are to pay from the Treas- 
far as to fix tho line of the road. To that, extent. 
up Y'. otherwise a restriction that it shall not go the bill Inay be effective. No farther do I believe 
over orany other sun) ,will notamount 
itcan ever be. effective. Under these circumstances, 
to anything. 
future legislation Illü.st carry it out, and 
IVIE'. BAKER. Let. me t to the Senator II and perfuct the measure. 
I an'l willing now to 
nowr to get this road built, and especially to build 
what I regard as the greatest of all, the great 
central road. I do not believe that these roads 
I will ever be able to pay back this money; and 
do not think we ought to amend the bill in the 
manner proposed. The bill provides that the 
money and accruing interest shall be paid back 
by certain services—by carryino troops and mails. 
If we can get our troops and our mails carried 
over these, roads at fair 
rates, and insomuch 
reducc the interest on the bonds, the amount 
of tho bonds themselvcs, and extinguish those 
