1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
615 
amounts, T certainly shall be glad to see it; but I I 
would put a bit in the mouth of these corpora- just offered Should have the yeas and nays. 
have no idea that in any other mode or in any tions, and the Government would be able to hold ask that the yeas and na s may-be taken upon it, 
I Several SENATORS. The bill is now. the 
other way will these companies he able to pay them down to it. That is the reason I offer it— 
back these sums to the Government. We must. l! not that I expect it would ever be foreclosed. Senate. 
remember that these roads will pass over barren 
sections of the country, where there can never be 
many inhabitants. 
'l'hey pass over secüons of 
the country in which it must cost a vast deal of 
money to finish and construct the roads. 
Sir, I repeat what I have before said, that in 
voting for this bill and this appropriation of 
$116,000,000, I vote with the conviction that this 
sum o? money is to go for the general interests of 
the country, and that we never can expect it back 
in the Treasury. • If the interest on these bonds, 
from the time the road commences, forever, can 
be paid by the services the road renders the coun- 
try, it is as much, certainly, as I can expect. 
1 
vote for the road with that expectation and that 
If these three roads could be com- 
understanding. 
pleted within the next three or four years, I should 
feel that they had added to the country hundreds 
of millions of dollars, and added to its security and 
its safety; and that or 1 
for objects so o•reat, and so much for the interests 
of the country, would be the merest trifle in tho 
world to this nation. I have no doubt that tbc 
amendment proposcd by the Senator from North 
Carolina is honestly moved for the best of pur- 
poses; but hope it will not be sustained by the 
Senate, for I believe the inducements in thc bilt 
in the amTreaate, considering the whole of these 
liens, are hardly sufficient now to induce to 
put. their capital into the roads and complete them 
and I would not take out this inducement. 
M.r. BRAGG. I have but a word or two to 
say, sir; I will not detain the Senate. Iwas fully I 
aware that the Senator from Massachusetts enter- . 
If they arc works of great pub- Mr. MASON. I understand the bill is now, 
do not believe it. 
lic interest and great public benefit, am very sure reported to the Senate. 
the Governrnent would never foreclose them, pro- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
vided tbc panics having the control do their duty I now is on concurring in the amendments adopted 
to the Government and to tile public. But I wish 
to hold a rein upon them, and not to give up any 
advantage of that kind to which the Government is 
justly entitled. Hence it is that I Inove to strike 
out the words as to reimbursing the Government 
in this peculiar way. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from 
North Carolina, in the twelfth line of thc third 
section of the bill, to strike out the words " by 
services so rendered." 
Mr. BRAGG. I ask for thc yeas and nays on 
the aunendrnent. There seems to bc a very thin 
Scnatc. 
The ycas and nays were. ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 35; as follows: 
Y E A S—Messrs. Bragg, Clin ginan, Grccn,H u ter,Joh nson 
of' rrennessee, Kennedy, MasÖ\'1, Powell, and 'Ithmnson—9. 
Bright, Cani- 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthöny, Baker, Bigler, 
erou, Cliandler, Clark, Collatner, Dixon, Doolittlé. Fessen- 
Hate, llarlan, 
den, Fitch, Foot, Fost.er, Gritues, Gwin, 
Iletnphi!l, Johnson ot• Arkansas, Lane, Lath:un, Morrilt, 
Nicholson, Polk, Iiice Sauisbury, Seward. Simtnons, Surn- 
ner, 'I'en Eyck, igfaIl,VVill'ilison, and 
So the amendment wras rcjcclcd. 
I'dr. BRAGG. I have one morc amendment 
to offer, and i will trouble the Senate no further". 
I move to strike out the proviso at the end of the 
fifth scction, to this effect: 
'l'hat in bonds bc added to 
P roué.dcd, 
tho '"ross stnn for ovory year'* reduction ot• the tilne or com- 
tained the opinion which hc has just expressed, 
pleting the work, payable as the bonds bcföre natned. 
that the Government of the United States never 
I suppose that that provision applies to both 
would be reimbursed the amount which it was 
the northern and the southern routes, as now 
proposed to expend-in the building of these roads, 
I incorporated in the bill; for by a portion of sec- 
while the Senator frorn California, [Mr. Gw1N,] tion fifteen, relating to the southern route, it is 
who has this bill so much at heart, avowed the 
other day a very different opinion. 
Ele thought 
the enterprise would be one that would remuner- 
ate these companies, and be a payinff one. 
Mr. GWIN. at the same time, that 
if it never paid a dollar, but would take the sum 
of $100,000,000 to build it, I would vote for it, 
because it ought to bc built. 
Mr. BRAGG. no doubt of that. The I 
Senator would vote ten times that amount, or ten 
times [hat, in order to carry tln•oucrh the bill. 
Mr. GWIN. The is very much 
I would not votc ten times that, if it would I 
taken. 
provided, that each and every provision, condi- 
tion, limitation, and restriction therein before ap- 
plied to or imposöd on the company or corpora: 
tion l.mdertaking the construction of the railway 
and telegraph lines, starting," as the first part of 
the bill specifies, shall apply to this other hnc. I 
sn nposc, of course, it applips to the northern route, 
us in Committee of the Whole. The Senator 
can renew the amendment as soon us the question 
is taken on them. 
Mr. G WIN. The Senator can renew his 
amendment in a moment, after this question is dis- 
posed of. 
Mr. MASON. I ask that. that amendment may 
be excepted, so that we may have the yeas and 
nays it in the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend- 
mcnt not having been adopted, the question will 
not .be taken on it; but the Senator can move it 
again, and may have the yeas and nays upon it, 
if hc requests it. 
Mr. G WIN. I hope there will be no objection 
to taking t.be question on all the amendments that 
are not cxcepted. Senators can except those on 
which they wish to have a separate vote. I want 
to except the amen(lment offered by the Senator 
from North Carolina [Mr. BRAGG] in line one 
page 5. I desire to propose 
hundred and four, 
an amendment to it, and therefore. I except it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved 
that the question be taken collectively on concur 
rincr in the amendments madce as in Committee of 
the 'Whole, with the exception of those that Sen- 
ators shall except, so that the vote may be taken 
on them separately, and upon the others collecl- 
ive]y. That will be considered the sense of the 
YI'he Senator from 
Senate, unless objected to. 
i California indicates one that he wishes to be cx- 
I cepted. 
Mr. G WIN. I will indicate another. It is on 
page 9, connncncino• with line forty-seven'. 
tho amendment offei•ed by •the Senator frotn Mas- 
sachuse€ts, [Mr. WILsoN,] that no second bonds 
shall ever bc issued by the company. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 wish you to except 
amendment hy which the. third road was added. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 will except also. 
1Vh•. SEWARD. 1 had not an opportunity to 
vote on it. 
I'vlr. DOOLITTLE. to have 
as inserte(l by the arncn(hnent of the Senator from 
the a tncndkncnt offered by the Senator from Ore- 
I move to strike out that proviso. 
in ncsota. 
gon [IM L'. LANE I for the building of a road from 
T hc tunendment was rejected. 
Sacrarncnto to Portland. I do not know the pre- 
MASON. 1 move to from bill 
i cisc terms of the atnendment. 
all that part of it that contains appropriations by 
Mr. G WIN. Now, I hope the question will 
the Federal Government to éithel' of roads; be taken on ail the other amendments in the ag- 
not bc for the benefit of the country. 
Mr. BRAGG. There is not the least doubt and I do it, not from any idea that the motion will 
grega 
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those excep- 
of it. The Senator has very enlarged views II prevail, but that it may retnain Q pou record to 
show that, on tile part. of Virgnna, as•one of her 
tions will be noted by the Secretary. 
that subject, especially when anything concerns 
representatives, I put it there as a and Mr. LA'I'HAM. Is the vote to be taken sen- 
California. NV e all know that here from expe- I 
a protest aoainst tho State beincr responsible for aratcly on the amendments cxc.cpted ? 
rxencc. 
well, sir, various amendments have been put any portion of this The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote will 
upon this bill for the purposc of sccurinø some I IS a a probability—that the be first taken on the amendments that are-not-ex- 
may be nearly at hand, when ait 
cepted collectively, and then the vote wili be taken 
control on the part of the Governmenl of the Uni- time occur, 
may bc necessary for the several States to ascer- 
on each of the excepted amendments by itself. 
it has bccn 
ted States over these corporations. 
tain and take upon themselves a portion Of the Mr. LATI-IAM. I wish to except all the ad- 
found a verv difhcult thing so to arrange the bill 
public debt. This is a public debt now to in- 
ditional names that have been put in the first sec- 
as to keep •v hat Senators consider a salutary con- 
curred; and I move to strike it out, in order that 
tion of the bill; I want a separate vote on that 
trol on the partoC this Government. I agree with 
amendment. There are one hundred and sixteem 
at a fat.ure dav the State that I represent, if' the 
the Senator from IVIassachusetts; Ido not believe 
occasion should occur, I-nay not be charged with 
natues mentioned there es corporators; and I de- 
that the il)terest of this investment will ever be 
sire the Senate to indicate whether that nutnber 
paid by thc service to be rendered; but it does not any portion of that debt. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. that 'I 
shall constitute the cornpai)Y, or whether they wiii 
necessarily follow, as the Senator says, that these 
II leave the company as it was originally in the bill 
roads are to be soid out under the mortgage that the bill be amended by striking out all that por- 
{ion which rnakos an appropriation out Of the as sent to us from the House of Representatives. 
the United States is to take; that those ITkort2tve.s 
I want a separate vote on that. 
Troasury for either of the roads. 
are to be foreclosed, and the roads put up in mar- 
Mr. MASON. The The PRESIDING OFFICER. 
ket, and sold to the highest bidder, if they do not 
ment wiil also be excepted. 
pay. But the effect of the amendment which I cisely tile portions that will be stricken out. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 to inquire whether 
The amendment was rejected. 
propose will be, to Oive the United St.atps a lien 
after we have passed upon the 
it, will be in order, 
Mr. G WIN. Now, I hope the bill will bc 
upon the whole property, to be satisfied as othcr 
amendrnents madc as in Committee of' t.he„ Whole, 
liens are to be satisfied, according to thc ordinary reported to the Senate. 
rehe bill was reported to thc Senatc as amended. to move to strikc from the bill all but the central 
laws of the land; not to bc confined to the mere 
T ho PRESIDING OFFICER. The question route, so as to have distinct vote upon that? 
zunount which the Government may owe to these 
corporations for transportation, but to be mort- is, will the Senate concur in the amendmentsmade The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
thinks it would. 
and a lien on the whole work, to be put in as in Committee of the •Whole? 
ope.ration at any time, should the Government i Mr. GYVIN. I hope we shall concur in all the NIL'. HALE. I do not want to raise any ques- 
amendments but those that Senators may except. 
Ido not know what may occur when those roads II Senators can indicate such as thcy wish to be ex- ficer, before he decidés that, whether it will%e in 
I think this arnendn•aent will be found ceptcd, on which they want a separate vote; and order to strike out that which the Senate have 
neccssaryin theend, though, it•oneormoro of them then the Senate can concur in all the rest. I sup- ordered to be inserted. Senators propose amend- 
ments, and they are adopted in 
If this has not, and cannot pose there will be no objection to that course. 
t be Senate order them to bc inserted in the *bill. 
have, the con trol , even u nder the amendments now Mr. MASON. Perhaps it may be as well for 
to be put. in the bill, then it ought to have. A .11 future use, as the final vote is about to be taken II YVill it be in order to move, to strike them out 
in the Senate, t.hat upon the amendment whicl'l I ii afterwards? 
in the wav I have stated, 
u n rest ricted, 
