616 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 29, 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not separately; 
but, in the opinion of the Chair, a motion to strike 
out those with other natter would be in order. 
Mr. HALE. 1 think the Chair is right. 
Mr. GREEN. A separate vote is reserved on 
the northern route, and you have a right to strike 
out the southern route; and that will accomplish 
what thesenator from Illinois ',vants. 
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 wish to ask whether 
the first amendment has been excepted? It is in 
line seven, of the first section, after the word 
Missouri," to insert the words: 
At the mouth of the Kansas river; and proceeding 
thence up the valley of said. river, to the vicinity of Fort 
Mr. GWIN. That has not been cxcepted. 
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 wish to except it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will also 
be noted. 
Mr. POLK. There was another amendment 
offered by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. 
DOOLITTLE,]' in consequence of the adoption of 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler Clark, Collamer, 
spent not only hundreds of thousands, but mil- 
Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, 
essenden, Foster, 
lions of dollars, which will be camplete very soon 
Grimes, Ilale, Harlan, King, Morrill, Seward, Simmons' 
to the city of St. Louis. 
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—22. 
Mr. CHANDLER. That road is not yctcom- 
So the amendment was concurred in. 
pleted . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary 
Mr. POLK. It will be completed before the 
will read the next amendment. 
other is begun. 
Mr. GW IN. I hope that the reading of the 
Mr. CHANDLER. Then J. was mistaken in 
I supposed there was no railroad next amendment will be dispensed with. It is 
that regard. 
connection there, and hence this terminus would i' merely as to the insertion of names. It IS un- 
necessar to read them. 
be of no use. But, though there may be railroad 
connection at this point, it is better that it should 
be left to the option of this company to terminate 
it where it is to their best interest, cither at St. 
Joseph, or at Kansas City, as they may sce fit. A 
railroad is already completed from St. Joseph to 
Philadelphia, Baltimore, New York, and alt the 
great citics; and J think it should be left to the 
discretion of the company to terminaLc their road 
where it is for their interest to do so. I hope the 
amendment will not be concurred in. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
I suppose the two will go to- is: " Will the Senate concur in thc amendment?" 
that amendment. 
Mr. CHANDLER. Where was that 
ment? 
Mr. POLK. In the samc section; it requires 
the road to pass " at or near Fort Kearny." 
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 except that likewise. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary 
will note that aigo. 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 do not wish to be under- 
stood as excepting that portion of the first section 
which refers to the associates of the subscribers 
It is merely the additional 
and corporators. 
names that I wish to except. 
The amendments not excepted were concurrcd 
in; there being, on a division—ayes twenty-seven, 
noes not counted. 
Mr. G WIN. Now Ict us take separate votes 
on the excepted muen(hnents in their order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
su«ygest, to save time, that the tuncndrncnts bc 
taken up in their order. The first amendment 
excepted will be read. 
Thee Secrctnry read it: 'l'o insert after the word 
Missouri," in linc seven of the first section, the 
words " at the meuth of the Kansas river, and 
proceeding thence up thc valley of said river to 
the vicinity of Fort Riley:" so that the scction 
wilT read: 
'Phat to insure the gafc, certatn, and speedy transporta- 
tion of mails, troops, and public stores from the western 
border of what is called our western States, by railroad, to 
wit : starting from two points, one on the western bor(ler 
ot• the State of Missouri, at the, mouth of the. Kansas river, 
and proceeding tbeuce up tbe valley ot'said river to the vicin- 
ity of Fort Riley, and tho other on the western border of 
Iowa, wit.h two converging lines bearillß westward and 
uniting within two hundred miles of t11C Miesouri river, Ec. 
Mr. POLK. That takes in the amendment in 
line eleven, to insert " at or near Fort Kearny.' 
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 hope the Senate will not 
concur in that amendment. 
I think it should be 
left. to the compnny to select their 
route, and to 
say where it shall cmnmcncc. There is already 
u railroad communication open to St. Joseph, 
which is, I think, some forty or fifty milcs ft.tr- 
ther west than Ibe point here named; and by going 
to St. Joseph, the building of some forty or fifty 
miles of raih•oad may be saved. That nlt'ty not bc 
the best terminus, or it may; I think it should be 
lcft open to the contractorg to decide whether they 
will terrninate their road at St. Joseph, or at Kan- 
sas City, where there is no connecting road, or 
wherever it is for their interests and the interests 
of the country to locate it. So far as the Fort 
Kearny amendment is concerned, I can see no 
rcason whatever for that. There is simply a 
w•acron road there, that costs nothing or next to 
nothing to build; and I sec no reason at all for 
taking this railroad there. 
Mr. POLK. I do not propose to discuss this 
matter now. I merely wish to correct a misap- 
prehension that I think the Senator from Mich- 
if-ran is under. have already said, when the Sen- 
ate was in Committee of' the W110(e, on this 
arnendment all that I propose to say, except that 
I think the Senator is mistaken in the distance; 
and he is also mistaken when he gives the Senate 
the impressiön, as I think Ilie does, that starting 
it at or near the mouth of the Kansas would not 
oive it a railroad connection. It connects there 
with the Pacific railroad of Missouri, now nearly 
finished, and on which the State of Missouri has 
The amendment was concurred in. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next 
amendment is in section one, in line eleven, after 
" Missouri river," 
to insert " at or near Fort 
Kearny." 
Mr. POLK and Mr. LATHAM. That was 
included in the last. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be con- 
sidered as included in the other vote, unless a sep- 
arate vote is asked. Aareed. The next 
amendment is to insert after s' California," in the 
fifteenth line of the first section: 
Thence branching north through the valleys of Sacra- 
mento and Rogue rivers, Umpqua and VVillamette, to Port- 
land, in Oregon ; and for the construction of this branch a 
grant of alternate sections of land tor six Inilcs on each 
side of said road is hereby made, to bc selected, in odd nu:n- 
bers, frcnu tbc nearest unoccupied and unappropriated ao- 
ricultural lands. 
Mr. LANE. I suppose no one will have any 
objection to changing the word " north 
to 
" northerly" in that amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change 
'•.vill be made by conunon consent. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is amendment to 
the bill, which I desired to have cxceptcd. will 
state, in a single word, my objection to it. 
By 
an amendment which has been made, to the bill, 
a route has been added from Lake Superior to 
Puget Sound, with a branch to Portland, this 
same. point. This isa railroad, in fact, in theState 
of California and in the State of Oregon, running 
parallel with the coast of the Pacific ocean, about 
four hundred miles in length. 
It is a railroad en- 
tirely within the States, an addition to the length 
of the line of some four hundred miles. 
If there 
were silnply grant of land to the States of Cali- 
fornia and Oregon to aid in the construction of 
that road, I would freely vote for such a grant; 
but as it comes in as a part of this bill, the money 
grant also, ns I suppose, goes with it; and there- 
fbrc I cannot vote for it. 
Mr. GREEN. The aggregate amount of money 
appropriated is not increased one dollar by this 
amcndment. Therefore they can get nothing but 
the land. The limitation still continues. 
Mr. LANE. will not discuss the importance 
of this extension—I did that before—but I will 
simply ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PhESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on concurrino• in the amendment made as in 
Committee of the Whole, inserting the names of 
individuals in the first section of the bili. 
Mr. CHANDLER. Is it in order to move to 
insert another name before that is acted on? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
thinks not. 
The amendment was concurred in. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next 
amendment is in section one, line one. hundred 
and four, after the word " constructed," to insert 
" nor until said acts of incorporation shall have 
been submitted to and approved by the Congu:ess 
of the United States." 
I Mr. GWIN. 1 to amend that 
ment, by striking it all out except the word 'G nor," 
and insertirv " if said act of incorporation shaft 
be disapproved by the Congress of the United 
States at tho ensmncr session. e ' My object is to 
rive the next session of Congress the control of 
this question. That is to say, if they disapprove 
of these acts of incorporation, ret Congress say so, 
and nullify the action that may be taken under 
this law up to that time; but I want to make the 
legislation positive on the part of the next Con- 
gress, and not give the power of delaying the 
work, putting it off for years, and thereby defeat- 
ing the object of the bilr. 
Mr. BRAGG. I hope the Senate will not agree 
to the amendment of the Senator from California, 
I think it completely emasculates the amendment 
which I offered, and which was adopted in Com- 
mittec of the Whole, and makes it virtually 
arnount to nothing. 
It will be observed that the 
amendment offered by the Senator from Califor• 
nia does not even require these acts of incorporau 
tion to be submitted to Congress. How we are 
to get them licre I do not know. The amend- 
ment, instead of requiring these acts of incorpora- 
tion to be submitted to Congress, and approved by 
Congress at its next session, only provides that 
the title to the. landé and the bonds granted to the 
company shall not vest until they are incorpo- 
rated, " nor if said acts of incorporation shall be 
disapproved by the Congress of the United States 
at the ensuirp session ; " but it does not require 
them to be submitted to Congress at all; there is 
no provision in the amendment offered by the 
Senator from California to that effect. 
very ingenious way, it seems to me completely 
emasculating the amendment which I offered,and 
making it amount to nothing. The acts of incor- 
. poration never will be submitted here under this 
amendment, and we shall hardly know what they 
are, certainly not oflicially; and it seems to me 
that in that shape it will amount to just nothing 
at all. 
If there is anything in the argument the 
Senator has urged, that thc gentlemen who under- 
take to build this road will not know what to be 
The oas and nays were ordered. 
at, it applies with just as much force to hisamend- 
Mr. BUGI-I. I shall vote for this amcndt»ent, i I ment as to mine, if his an•nndment amounts to 
because the Senate have refused to agree to the anything; because Congress still has control, and 
motion of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. BEN- has the right to disapprove all these acts of incor- 
jAMIN,l to strike out so much of the bilk as pro- 
poration. How, in what way, they are to signify 
vides the construction of railroads within the their disapproval; how much or what part of these 
States of rrexas and California. can see no acts, if they disapprove of them, is to be effectual, 
reason why we should not extend an equal dc- and what part is to be ineffectual, the amendment 
I am opposed to the does not provide. 
gree of favor to Oregon. 
In other words, as I said just 
whole of it. 
I do not intend to vote for the bill 
now, in my humble judgment, it is a very inge- 
as long as any provision is made for the construc- 
rnous way of getting rid of the amendment which 
tion of any rond in any State; but still, the bill 
the Senate, after full consideration, incorporatcd 
containing provisionsfor theconstrnction of roads into the bikl when acting as in Committee of the 
in Texas and California, I see no reason why l, Whole. 
Oregon should not have equal favor; and thero- Mr. G WIN. My only ouject is to have this 
fore, while I am against the whole system, I shall question definitively settred at the next session. 
vote for this amendment. 
i Certainly the Congress of the United States can 
The question being taken by yeas and nays, command all these. acts of incorporation to be 
resulted—yeas 28, nays 22; as follows: 
placed before them, and no doubt will do it, if 
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Bayard, Bragg, Bright, Cling- they wish to investiaate them. It puts a kind of 
man, Douglas, -Fitch, Foot, Green, Gwin, Hernphill, Hun- 
guard over the matter, and fixes a time for the law 
ter, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane. Latbant, Mason, 
Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Puffb 'Rice, Saulsbury, to DO into operation in the event that Congress 
I i Sebastian, Thomson, Witrtåll, and Wilkinson—28. 
does not disapprove the acts of incorporation. 
