618 
to be put in. If there is enough money subscribed 
to cmnpletc the road to the Rocky Mountains, 
and they met with an unexpected obstacle, cannot 
Chey apply to Congress sayinø, We have now 
spent $50,000,000, and cannotget ihrough ; author- 
izo us to borrow $25,000,000," and Congress 
would do it in a minute; but by holding out the 
idea that they are going to start on paper, and 
Trothing but paper, except with what we give them, 
you spoil the measure at once, and you cannot 
get a Toad at all. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move that the Senate 
do now adjourn.' Oh, no ! ' ' ] It is nearly half 
past.•four o'clock. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
I ask for the 
yeas and nays. 
Oh, no!" ] Let us see who 
votes to kilt the bill after all this fuss. 
The yeas and nays were order,ed; and boincr 
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 23; as follows: 
YEAS —Messrs. Bayard, Bingham, Bragg, Ca tneron, 
Chandler, Clark. Clingrnan, 
Crittenden, Dixon. Durkce, 
Fessenden, Fiecll, Foot, Grimes, Hunter, 
King, Mason, 
Morrill, Nichoison. Pugh, Saul.qbnz•y, Sinnnons, Suznncr, 
'I'hmns•on, H•'ade, and Wilkinson—-'26. 
NAYS— Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bright, 
Doolittle, 
Douglas, Foster, Green , (}win, Harlan, flcnipl)ill, Johnson 
of Ai•kansas, Johnson ot- 'l'ennessee, Lane, Lathan), 
Powell, Rice. Sebastian, Seward, rren Eyck, Truinbuli, 
Wigfall, and 'Wilson—23. 
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
rl'UESDAY, January 29, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by Rev. J. G. BUTLER. 
* •1' he Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
L'.NLOLLED BILLS. 
Mr. Tf1EAKF,R, Conunitt.eo, En- 
r.oilcd Bills, reported as truly enrolled tbc föllow- 
ing bills; when the Spea'l,-m• sievncd the same 
An act (1:1. R. No. 377) for the relief of I)avid 
C. Whiling; 
An (II. R.. No. 321) for of Robert 
A. Mathews; und 
An act (H. R. No. 23) for thc admission o? Kan- 
sas into the ion. 
PATENT OFFICE REPORT, 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the Wlous:e a conununication from the ac.t- 
ng issioncr of Paten ts, transm itti k')g, au ree- 
ably to the design of Congress, as indicated by 
the appropriation of June 25, 1860, 
" fbr the col- 
i.ection at' agricultural statistics, investigations 
for promotinrr n 'Fricu\ture and rural econoxny, 
and the procuring of cuttings and seeds 
acyric.ullural 
portion of the. Patent Oilicc report; 
'.,vhich was laid the table, and ordered 1.0 bc 
prin led. 
of Mr. GURLF,V, it was 
Ordered, 
be 172 lörred to Chi tntnittee on Print. • 
ing, to inquire into the. expediency 01' prin ting e..xtra nunt- 
I»ers of said repot•t. 
) E RSL'Y R r,SOLUTIONS. 
Mr. ADRAIN. to to the 
House the joint resolutions adopted recently by 
the Legisla•ture of New Jersey. I ask that they 
be read, laid on the tal)le, and printed. 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 have objection to re- 
ccption of' the resolutions; but i't• the gentleman 
insists upon their bcin«r read, I must cull for thea 
x•gular order of busi ness. 
M.r. AI)RAIN. It is but showing proper ro- 
spect to the Legislature of" New Jersey, that tile 
resolutions be read. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 believe that it has been 
the uniform custom, whenever the resolutions of 
a State Legislature have been presented, to re- 
ceive them as a privileged question, and to have 
them read, as a !natt.er of course. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
Is that an 
official copy of the resolutions, certified by the 
proper ofiicors of the Legislature? 
Mr. A DRAIN. The •resolutions adopted by 
tbc of Pennsylvania '.vere read yes- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 29, 
No objection being made, the resolutions were 
read. They are as follows: 
Joint Resolutions on the state of the Union, passed by the 
Legislature of New Jersey. 
Whereas the, pcople of New Jersey, conforming to the 
opinion of the Father of his Country," considec the unity 
of the Goverrtnrent, which constitutes the peoplc of the 
United States onc people, a inain pillar in the odifiee of 
their independence, tbc support of their tranqu illity at horne 
and peace abroad, of' their prosperity, and of that liberty 
which they so highly prize ; and properly estiunaüng the 
immense value of their national Union to their individual 
happincss, thcy cherish a cord:al, habitual, and immova- 
ble, attachincnt to it ax the palladiuin of thcir golilical 
safety and prosperitv: 'J'herefore, 
l. Be it resolved by the Senate and General assembly cf 
the State of New Jersey, That it is the duty of every gooki 
citizen, ill all suitablc and proper ways, to stand by and sus- 
tain the Ünion of the States as transmittcd to us by our 
fathers. 
2. .ßnd be it, resolved, That the Govcrnmentofthe United 
States is a National Governcnont„ 
and the union it was 
dcsigncd to pc'föct: is.not a Inere contpact or Icague; and 
that the Constitution vva.s adapted in a spirit ot• no utua! 
coinprmni.sc and concession by tbc pcoplc of tbc United 
States. and can only be preserved by the constant rccocrni- 
tion of Glat spirit. 
3. be it resolved 
aat. 110"' ever uudoubted be 
tho right. of the Ceueral Governtnent to Inaintain its au- 
t.bority arid its laws over all parts of the country, 
it is c.qu:tily certain t.hat fOrbearancc and are 
indispensabio at this crisis to tlfe perpetuity o? tbc Union ; 
and that. it is the dictate o? reason, wisdo:n, and patriotism, 
peacefully to adjust svhatcvcr differences cxist between the 
dill-ere lit sections of our country. 
4. wand be i.t resoZucd, 'Ithat tho resolutions and proposi- 
t.ions subtnitted to the Senate of the Unit,cd States by Ilon. 
JOHN J. GRITTENDE.N, or Kentucky, 111-2 conupromise Df 
the questions in dispute betiveen the pcop\c ot• the northern 
and of the southern States, 
or any other constitutional 
ot• settling t,hc slave question penuanently, will be 
acceptable to the peop\c of the State of New Jersey, and 
the Senators and R in Conuress New.' 
Jersey be requested, and earnestly urged, to st.\pport these 
resolutions avid propositions. 
5. and bc it •resolne.d, 'I'hat as the union of these States 
is nntninent. danger unless The beün•e suagest.ed 
bc s•pccdily adopted', then, as a last resort, the Stato ot• New 
allow mc to have this bill- put upon its passage 
I if he will listen to me for about a minute. 
a matter of considerable interest to the parties. 
MT ill the gentleman withdraw his objection, and 
allow me to make a statement? 
Mr. THOMAS. 1 have no objection to 
gentleman 's making an explanation, if i shall still 
have a right to object. 
Mr. BURNET '11. It is unnecessary to do that. 
I arn thoroughly satisfied that all bills referrinff 
accounts of this character to the heads of Depart- 
ments aro and that the amount to be paid 
ought to be specifically set forth. 
speak feel" 
ingly upon this subject, because I got such a bill 
pass0(l once vvrhich i regret very nvach•, and I do 
not intend that any more such bills shah pass, if 
I can help it. 
POST ROUTE BILL. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair is called upon 
proceed-with the order of business. The 
regular or cr of business is the consideration of 
the tunel 
ment.s of the Senate to the post route 
bill. 
Mr. OLFAX. Mr. Speaker, lam instructed 
by the Committee on the Post Office and Post 
Roads ta obviate, as far as possible, the objections 
made by the gent:eman from Ohio [1Mr'. SIIER- 
MAN] and the gentleman from PcnnsylvaWa, [Mr. 
STEVENS,] thé other day, in regard to the expense 
of this daily overland route to the Pacific, by 
offering modification of the amendment to ccnne 
in at tbc end of the section. 
It is in reference to 
tho ratcs of newtspaper postage between the At- 
lantic and the Pacific coast. By the taw of 30th 
of August, 1852, it urus enacted that the newspa- 
I per postage of the United States should be one 
cent upon each newspaper (except in the State 
here publish) ed) weighing less than tln•ee ounces, 
and one cent for ench additional ounce. But sub- 
.1 herehv n 12 k ps ion. to toe terlii.< of 
- the to sequent] y a proviso was passed, by which it was 
t l) (.2 ( of the 
call a convent ion (o? the States) to propose atncndrnent.s 
to (_}onst.itution. 
f G. .nnrl it resolved, 
'_l'bnt such of' the States as hav 
fi»rc.e laws which interi'erc H' ith 
citizens of the other States either in regard to their persons 
or property or which nriiitat.e at-rainst just construction 
01' that rt the that. provides that the • 
cit- 
izens off each State sha;l be entitled to ail t.he privileges 
()t• citizens in the several States, arc earnestly 
urged and requested, 
fior tljc sake of peace and the Union, 
to repeal all such laws. 
7. and bc it That his Excellency, Charles S. 
Olden, Peter D. V romn. 
Robert. F. Stockton, 
BenjanTÉn 
Joseph F. 
Randolph, Frederick 
huysen, Rodtnan AM. Price, "i'hmuas J. Stry ker, and i•VüIiain 
C. Alexander, be appoint.cd connnissioners to con t•er with 
Congress arid our sister States, and upon thcnl thc illi- 
portaut•c of carryine-r into effect thc principles and objeet* 
of the foregoing resolutions. 
8. .flnd bc it rcsolt•ed, 'Phat the conunissioners above 
nanmed, 
in addition to their other powers, bo autl-iorized to 
Incct 'Nitti those noxv or hereafter to be 
appointed by our 
sister State of VirRinia, and such conunissioncrs of other 
States as have been or l)'lay hereafter be appointcd, to ILIC.Ct 
at Washington on the 'lth day of February next. 
9. 
01 nd bc it resolved, copies the iörturoinr• reso- 
lutions he sent 10 the President 01' the Senate and Speaker 
II Duse of' Lives ot' the U Etitod Stales, and 
to t.lifi Set)atnrs and ikeprcsent.ative..s in Congress frotn New 
et•scy, and the Govcrnors of too Feverat States. 
The. were then laid on the table, and 
ordcrcd to be printed. 
CIIARLES GORDON. 
N.Ir. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, introduced 
the rcsnlntion; which was read, consid- 
, and agreed to: 
Resolt.•e.d, 'J.'hat. the Court of Clailns be requested to re- 
turtl to this lionse the papers in the case of ('.har!cs Gordt-»n, 
heretofore referred to said court by the Ilousc 01' Repre- 
sentativcs. 
OF NEW MEXICO. 
The SI)FAKER, by unanimous consent, 
hcfore the House a copy of the la ws of New Nle.x- 
ico, passed during the session of 1859 and 1860; 
which was referred to the Comnlittec on Territo- 
HULL AND COZZENS. 
Me. BURNHAM. tho unanimous con- 
sent Of the Elouse to discharge the Committee of 
terday, and I can sec no reason why these should the from the fnrther consideration of the 
bill (1-1. R. No. 624) for the relief of 
not be road 
1M r. SI-IERiMAN. Those resolutions are cut zcns and John Naylor & Co., in order that it 
from a newspaper and sent up to the Speaker. a, may be nut upon its passacre 
'I'hey ought not to be presented in that way. hcyi The bill was read for in f'ormation. 
should come E)roperly authenticated. 
Mr. THOMAS. 1 call for the regular order of 
The SPEAKER. 
Is there any objection to business. 
reading the resoli.ltions ? 
i Mr. BURNHAM. lthink will 
declared that ahy person who paid a quarter's 
postage in advance should have a reduction of half 
the postage, although the law requires them to 
pay the postage on newspapers in ad vance any 
way. I arn unanimously instructed by the Post 
Office Cominit.tee to present this Inodification, that 
tbc newspaper postage between thc States and 
' rerritorics east of the Rocky Mountaina, and the 
States and Torrit.orics on the Pacific shall bc one 
cent for each paper—the rate established by the 
law of ISD2 
—without the reduction provided for 
in the proviso to which I have -alluded. 
The Representatives from the Pacific coast. , 
understand, are satisfied with this, on condition 
that a daily overland mail is granted by Congress. 
Upon conference with the Po-st Offce Depart.'nent, 
I am informed that this will increase the revenue 
from thirty to forty thousand dollars. T hc pro- 
vision we havo already adopted, making thc post- 
agc to California and the Pacific upon letters uni- 
form at ten cents the half ounce, whether it passes 
o ver three thousand miles or not, will also increase 
the revenue froin the California mails to an amount 
not definitely ascertained; but probably twenty or 
twenty-five thousand dollars. Saying nothing 
about the increase in correspondence, that wrili 
certainly result from these daily facilities, these 
two provisi0i'1s will reduce the expense of this 
daily route over the present service to about one 
hund red and forty thousand dollars a year; and 
for this additional expense we shall receive thirty 
inails a month each way between the Atlantic and 
the Pacific coasts, instead of five, and we shall also 
have the mails carried through five days quicker 
than at present. 
I therefore, by the direction of the Post Offco 
Connnillee, submit what I send to the Clerk's 
desk, as a modification, to come in at the end of 
the section hcrctofore reported by the committee. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
Aftcr the, said daily overland mail has gone into opera- 
tion, the postage between any State or 'I'crritory east of the 
Rocky Mountains and any State or Territory on the Pa- 
cific, on each new:-papcr, periodical, unsealed circular, or 
other article of printed rnatter, not exceeding thrcc ounces 
in weight, shall be one cent ; and forevery additional ounce 
or fraction of an •ounce, one cent additional. 
Mr. PHELPS. What is the amendmentpcnd- 
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen- 
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. MOORE,] which is 
as follows: in line seventeen of the amendment 
offered by tbc gcntleman from Indiana, [MI'. 
COLFAX,] strike out at least semi-wcckly," and 
