626 
Qaiesæjnothcr words, the recognitipnof„thc right 
of property in slaves—to be the question at issue 
we declared that other matters, in our judgment, 
would regulate themselves when peace and har- 
mony should be restored among •us. The pcr- 
sonal liberty bills were offensive to us in a dcgree, 
from the consideration Of Ehe causes which håd 
prompted _their enactment: Perhaps réally they 
had -iliflicted no very great amount of 'injustice; 
but•we felt' them more poignantly from the reflec- 
tion 'that they were intended as evidences å'ftemper 
and resentment. Even little Vermont—away up 
in the hyperborean regions of the North, where 
an African was scarcely ever seen save the few that 
Btrayetd thither in the summer, as certain of your 
poets had said, 
Like the sweet south, stealing and giving odor"— 
had thought proper to take mcasures to prevent 
our kidnapping her free citizens into slavery. 
You deny us -the right of transit and temporary 
sojourn with our slaves in all your territory, save 
in New Jersey—that people who, while ever 
ready to maintain their own rights, are so gen- 
erously forbearing of the rights of others, and Who 
are justly eåtitled, and ever receive, the respect 
and veneration of their southern kindred. 
Thesc things are till irritating. They spring 
from the one idea', hostility to slavery, and indi- 
cate, what solemnly believe, a settled purpose 
ultimately to extinguish our institutions. 
not charge you with any intention to interfere 
With slavery in the States directly. You dare 
not do it. You dare not. I do not, Mr. Speaker, 
mean this in the way of threat cn•• menace to the 
N Orth. 
I have no idea that that great pcoplc, for indeed 
they are a great people, could bc frightened from 
their propriety by any such base sentiment as 
fear; and if they could, I would scorn to extort 
from their fears what I had n right to expect 
frpm their sense of justice. But they dare not do 
it; for such an interference would bc an overt act, 
and unite our people in resistance, and disrupt 
the Union. 'l cannot call to mind that I havo ever 
heard an intelligent man in my State express the 
opinion that you meditated such direct interfer- 
ence. But there is a future to us; and that future 
would' look to and provide (or. You look upon 
stavery as a great evil; you will continue to war 
1.11)on It so long as it remains a political element; 
and it. will so remain so long as you deny to us 
equality in the TOrritories, Settle this question 
now, fully, finally, forever. 
I am free to say, for my part, that I deem this 
concessions •this proposed amendment as to the 
Territories, the ultimatum of a settlement, 
In 
honor, the South can take 110 lcss. Arrange Lhat, 
and peace may possibly conne to our country. I 
know not, indeed, if it be possible, under any 
terms, to win back the sccednno• States. 
But let 
us do justice, and perform right, nod trust tho con- 
sequences. Secure to us the Constitution and tho 
equality of' the States. These are tl'1C symbots of 
everlasting Union. Gent.letnen of the North, 
view of the dangers which threaten our yet ccnn- 
mon countrys can you rise to the height of this 
If you can, now is the accepted I 
great arcrurnent. 
time; come with us to the altar ot our cornn•ron 
country, and Ict us make there our common sac- 
rifices. 
The gentleman from Mugsachusetts, E Mr. AD- 
AMS,) for whom I need hardly soy I have sincere. 
respect, made a proposition which hc supposed I 
to be a very great concession; and comin«r from 
that quarter, f look so 1.11)on it, indeed. Hc pro- 
posed to amend the Constitution so that no con- 
vention hereafter called shall have the privilege 
of abolishing slavery in the States unkess by unan- 
imous consent. I repeat here what I have already 
said—I never yet met with an intelli«ent man in 
my State who thought for a moment that the views 
and purposes of the Republican party were to 
interfire with slavery directly in the States. We 
hold that you have no power, under the Consti- 
tutlon as it now stands, to abolish slavery. We 
vnll r)ever yidd to anv such construction; and to 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBØ. 
jånuar.y 29, 
Ldo.,nob.make the complaint in regard to- the 
enforcement of the fugitive slave law,- which has 
been made by many gentlemen from the extreme 
South. I am froe to admit that,. perhaps in nine- 
teen out of twenty cases,- it has been fully and 
fairly administered. But it is also true, that for 
every slave who has been rendered back t-o us 
under that law, .t'wcnty have escaped from bond- 
age, and have not been returned. Nor do I com- 
plain of your State governments for the non- 
execution of the law. I grant that no Government 
on earth' can execute a law' against the wishes Of' 
its people. Your people, from the continued ex- 
citement which has taken place on the subject 
of slavery, have come to entertain the desire for 
its extinguishment, and that it shall be abolished 
whcrcvei• they have the power to abolish it. 
grant that they would not resist the enforcement 
of the law; they would not do it, because such 
disturbances cost large sums of' money. But, sir, 
you are under constitutional ob!igations to rc- 
turn our slaves to us when they leave our coun- 
try and take rcfugc in yours; you know it; you 
cannot deny it. Your abolition orators, your 
pulpits, your fbrums, and your strongminded 
vvomen, have been uzwe,nt to induce you, for 
year after year, to resist these constitutional 
obligations; and it is through their efforts that 
you havo piaced these unconstitutional laws upon 
'I'hey stand there, monu- 
your statute-books. 
ments ofa faith worse than Punic, among north- 
cyn men. When I usc that expression, I refer to 
the class of men who predominate there. 
I know 
that you have other men, patriotic and true. 
When I look before me and behind me, or on 
either side, here in my place in this House, see 
gallant sons of the North, who have stood up and 
battled, not for our rights, but the rights of the 
Constitution. If we aro to part from them, it will 
be. to us source of unfeigned retrret. They have 
had a hardcn• task in maintaining their position 
than we havo had to perform. Ours has been the 
easy task to run with public•opinion, while they 
have had to run adverse to it, and to stem fanat- 
icisrn while they endured contumely. Around 
their memories shall cluster our richestafiöctions. 
We shall always remember them with grateful 
feelings. 
Now, sir, upon these great questions at issue 
between the North and the South, posterity will 
have to judge. We shall all of us have to sub- 
mit to• the tribunal of time, a tribunal whose 
decrees arc irreversible, because they arc just. 
When men come to review these questions, after 
the lapse of long years, when passion has sub- 
sided and party spirit has passed away, they 
will look back with amazement at the madness 
and excitement that rules the hoar. Sir,• pos- 
terity will do us of the South justice. Have 
we had no' cause to complain?' We are hero 
t.E'iirty-three States, which everybody admits to be 
sovereign ; and ask whether, as sovereign States, 
confederated with you, have not the right to 
demand at least the security which is awarded to 
foreign nations? But have we received it? I will 
simvply rcfcr to two or three among numerous 
directly in point:• Anr embassudot• of 
the United States, accredited to a foreign nation, 
is in the city of Washington. In order to• reach 
the armcd vessel which' is to carry him to the I 
when her property was stolen from she 
was left to,return to her own State of Kentucky 
as she -might. Kind reception to the bereaved 
matron, returning in sorrow to her native land 
Comity, indeed, from a confederated State 
Now, sir, if these things had occurred to Amere 
ican citizens in any other country, either instance 
v..rou]d have been cautse for war. 
Mr. HALE. As the gentleman has referred to 
a transaction which took •place •in the State of 
Pennsylvania, I beg leave to correct, in one or two 
points, the statement he has made. Judge Kane, 
alleging that Mi•.Williamson had made an incom- 
plete return to a writ of habeas corpus, imprisoned 
him ; after which , a suit was brought againstJudge 
Kane for false imprisonment. 
It was a matter 
which had nothing whatever to do with the slave 
queStion. 
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman has 
the facts correctly, a'nd •not materially differed 
from' my statement. 
Mr. JUNKIN. I ask the gentleman' from 
North Carolina if he is not aware that the decis- 
ion in that case was affrtned by the supreme 
court of the State of Pennsylvania ? 
Mr. WINSLOW. the fact; 
it is one I am glad to hear. The principal point, 
however, to which i desired to call attention in 
that case was that the owner of the lost negro has 
never received a dollar of reparation to this day. 
Now, sir, if we had sent an embassador to France, 
and in passing through Great Britain his slave had 
been seized and retained, and Great Britain had 
refused to make reparation, why even you at thc 
North, you gentlemen, to defend whose right to 
catch codfish away down on the banks of New- 
foundland, for whose cornmercial privileges, we 
',vent to war in 1812, v.rould have considered this a 
matter suffcient to go to war upon with Great 
Britain. And for us, who are nations kindred to 
you in blood, wheh you refuse us what even the 
comity of foreign nations demands, can you, un- 
der these circumstances, expect us to remain in 
union with you ? 
Mr. CURTIS. Iwish to ask the 
whether ho supposes that a slave taken from here 
to Great Britain would be recænized as property, 
and if taken away restored to his owner? 
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 say to the gentleman that, 
if a minister was sent from the United States to 
France, and he had necessarily to pass through 
Great Britain on his way, whatever was recog- 
nizcd as property belonging to him under the laws 
of bis country would be recognized by Great 
Britain under the laws of nations. It has been so 
recognized in nu merous instances; do you doubt. it? 
MT. CURTIS. 1 certainly do. The British 
courts go upon the principle that every man is free 
who touches the English soil and breathes the 
English air. 
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 If 
it were necessary for the minister to France to 
pass through England in transitu to Russia or 
Persia, or any other Power, the seizure of his 
property, no matter what, by the Government of 
Great Britain, would be a casus bel.bi. It would be 
so considered by my friend from Iowa, or any 
other who entertains like political sentiments. 
Mr., SICKLES. If the gentleman from North 
Carolina will permit me, I will state the Well- 
court to whiclr he is accredited, he necessarily known fact that Mr..King,of Alabama, took two 
has to pass through t.he great State of Pennsyl- i slaves with hirn when he went to Paris as the 
vania. During his transit across that State;- his ! minister of the United States. Other instances 
have occurred. I believe there is notaGovc1•nment 
slaves, held as property under the laws of his own 
State, arc rudely and forcibly seized. 'The Fed- I in Europe which would hesitate for an instant to 
eral judge, an honest judge, whose name will al- protect, with all the necessary power, the prop- 
ways occupy an honorablc position in the records et•tyof any minister of the United States,or of any 
of his couniry, desiring to do ampie justice and member of the legation. I have heard the ques- 
repair the wron•, was himself sued in clie courts 
t.ion frequently discussed; and the public law is 
of Pennsylvania, by the very individual who admitted as it is stated by the gentleman from 
stole the slaves. The staves were not returned, No rt\'l Carolina. 
and yet tbe great State of Pennsylvania has never, 
Mr.. TAYLOR. It is a part of the public law 
by any legislative act, deplored this transaction, 
of nations; and it extends so far, that a. member 
much less has attempted reparation. 
of an embassy from Turkey to a Christian coun- 
A gentleman from Virginia on his way to a try is protected in the enjoyment even of his right 
distant portion of the country, passing through to a plurality of wives. [Laughter.] 
vote for that proposition as a single one, discon- New York, while intransitu had his slaves seized Mr. WINSLOVV. That has been so held 
nected with some real concession, would be to and taken from him, and to this day no redress I arguendo by the court of my own State—I mean 
adrnit of a doubt on that point, Talcen in con- has been n•mde by that. great State. 
With reference to the plurality of wives. 
the original propositions of my An embassadorof the United States in a distant Mr. CURTIS. I know the sacred character 
nection vr•ith 
friend from Arkansas, and those Of the Senator country died, and his witc in bringing Ilome his and the riehts of a minister; but, sir, I kilow of 
from Kentucky, I nrn ready to that bodv to her native country, with asingle domestic 
: no Instance where a who asserted his free- 
ve should take it us a grateful (Tffering from our asa nurse for an infhnt child, with whose services dom unon English ground has failed to secure it. 
brethren at the N0iith, 
she could illy dispense, landed in New York, 
'l' 'ho gen tleman has referred to the case of France. 
