1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL VGLOBE. 
.ß27 
Mr. SICKLES. Let me make a suggestion to I question, slavery is not to be regarded; in other 
the genlléman from Iowa. It stands upon a prin- 
Words, he draws back from. his denunciations, 
ciple; and that principle is this: that the sover- 
i and sinks hiS doctrine of an irrepressible conflict. 
eignty ofa nation always covers and protects the 
legation of that nation, and every member of the 
legation. 
In contemplation of public law, the 
minister and his legation are always under the 
flao• of their nation. 
Mr. CURTIS. Of course I understand that. 
Mr. SICKLES. It is a violation of the flag 
and the laws and the comity of nations, to inter- 
fere with a member of an embassy. 
Mr. WINSLOW. Was there ever an embassy 
from Persia, or Turkey, or any other country in 
the world, to Eno•land, that was refused the exer- 
cise of the privileges and the use of such servants 
as they had at home? Never. 'l'o carry the doc- 
trine further, I will refor to the case of the Queen 
of Denmark, who murdered a man in her own 
building in Paris, and who was not held to answer 
for the murder. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us see how we stand. 
The gentlemen on the other side deny that sla- 
very exists except by force of municipal law. 
That, I believe, is thc doctrine. Elere arc thirty- 
three States banded together; for what ? For the 
common benefit and the general welfare; to estab- 
1ish peace and domestic tranquillity at home. The 
affirmation on that side of the House is that sla- 
very exists only by force of municipal law. I so 
understand them. Suppose a vessel, going from 
my own port of Wilmington, North Carolina, to 
Charleston, South Carolina, with slaves amongst 
other cargo, is overhauled by a cruiser of the cn- 
emy; suppose the-English to be that enemy; and 
suppose our Government makes a remonstrance 
to the EIFlish Government, and that Government 
responds that " my officer did wroncr, and I am 
willi11(Y to mako reparation. 
I apologize for the 
insult, and I will pay for the caroo, except what 
was in slaves; and as to them, I am informed 
there is a great party in your country calling itself 
the Republican party par excellence, and headed 
by a man named Abraham Lincoln, which party 
asserts that slaves ave not property. " 
If that re- 
fusal wrere made by the English Government, what 
then would a Republicafi Congress do? Logi- 
catly, could, or would they, insist upon repara- 
tion? Can we stand that? 
Is not our property 
upon the high seas to be as much secured and 
protected by the country as your property? Yet, 
sir, by your doctrine, that slavery is only a local 
institution, havino• its oriTik2 only in the Inunicipal 
law, we should be perfectly powerless, and with- 
out protection. Do you think we can stand a 
Union of that kind? No, sir; never! 
never! never! 
Unless you come down from your doctrine, and 
aTree that upon the highseas, wherever your star- 
spangled banner waves, and if not in all the ter- 
ritory, at least stouth of the line fixed for the ex- 
tension of our institutions, our property shall have 
equal rigl'lts with yours, you ought not expect us 
to remain with you. 
I-listory must judge us in other respects. I say 
that the position of the Republican ptuty threat- 
ens the rights of slavery. There have been, in 
these Halls, five distinct plans pronounced by 
which slavery can be eradicated from the land. 
Mr. John Quincy Adams himself affirmed, upon 
this floor, that Congress has the power to abolish 
slavcry under the treaty-making power. Tl'hut 
is one. Mr. Giddings, of Ohio, said: 
I would not be understood as desiring a servile insur- 
rection ; but i say to southern gentlenlen, that there are hun- 
dreds of thousands of honest and patriotie men who will 
\auoh at your calaåiity, and will mock when vour féa•r cotil- 
P i would intitnidate no Inan I telfyou there is a 
spirit in the North which wilt set at dcfianee all thc low 
and unworthy machinations of this Executive, and u-re 
minions of its power. 'vVhcn the contest shall cotne; when 
the thunder shall roll, and the, lightning shall flash ; when 
the slave shan rise in the South; when, in imitation ot• 
the Cuban bond:nen, the southerneslaves of the shall 
feel that they ate Inen ; when they feei the stirring emo- 
lions of immortality; when tbc slaves shall fccl that, the 
masters shall turn pale and trernble; when their dwellings 
*hail smoke, the lovers of freedom shall stand forth and 
exert toe legitimate, powers of this Government for free- 
dutn. iVe shall then have constitutional power to act for 
the good of our country, and do justice to the siave. 'I'heli 
we shali strike off the shackles from the hands Gf the 
Slaves." 
T I'lis plan was through insurrection, availincr 
the General Government of the power of inter- 
fetencc. 
He has also his peculiar plans. In his Roches- 
ter speech he declares, if reported correctly, and 
I am not aware of any contradiction of the pop- 
ular version, what may be called thc corollary to 
his i•emarks at Lansincr.• 
i IVilI favor as long as I can, within thd limits of eon- 
stituti01ta'i action, tbc decrease and diminution o? African 
slavery in au the States." 
At Rochester: 
It is true that they [the fathers] necessarily and wisely 
modified this policy or freed01il, by leaving it to the sev- 
oral States, afl7w•ted as they were by different circum- 
stances, to abolish slavery in their own way, and at their 
own pleasure, instead of confiding that duty to Congress." 
nut the very nature of these modifications fortifieg my 
position that the fitthcrs knew that the two systenas could 
not endarc within the Union, and expected that within a 
short period slavery would disappear iörever. Moreover, 
in order that these modificatiOns might not altogether de- 
teat their grand design ofa republic maintaining universal 
equality, they provided that two thirds of the States tnight 
amend the Constitution." 
But even for him there is still a lower deep. 
In his Lansing speech he is reported as havin& 
said that it was his duty as a patriot" to go for 
havinø no Army and Navy" of the Union, be- 
cause their " whole object" was 
that slaves mav 
not escape from the siave States into the free, and 
that freed or emanci pated negroes in the free States 
may not enter and introduce civil war into the 
slave, States, and because that, if we provoke a 
foreign enemy, the southern frontier is exposed 
to invasion from France, and Spain." 
Here is an invocation of the war-making power. 
It remained for the President elect to cap the 
climax by presenting a fifth mode, reaching, in as- 
sumption of power by the General Government, 
far beyond the most dreamy conception of the 
most ultra disciple of the latitudinarian school. 
He speaks of " the further spread of slavery," 
the restrictions of which will, he predicts, " p 
it where the nublic mind will rest in the belief that 
it is in the course of ultimate extinction ' 
we 
know," says he, " the opening of new countries 
tends to the perpetuation of the institution, and so 
does keep men in slavery who would otherwise 
be free." Nothing," he again says, will make 
you successful, but setting up a policy which shall 
treat the thing as wrong.' 
" This Government 
is exnressly éhargcd with the duty of providing 
for ti)C general welfare. -i'Ve believe that the 
spreading out and perpetuity of the institution of 
slavery impairs the general welfare." 
press this thing, we think, is providing for the 
general welfare." 
Now, wili any unprejudiced mind fail to con- 
cede that here exist causes of alarm; that pru- 
dence, indeed, would dictate demands for new 
guards for our future security, and that if these 
are refused, if every effort to secure them is ex- 
hausted, if the cool, unimpassioned judgment of 
the North should refuse us reparation, we should 
be justified in the ultimate measure—secession. 
Let us listen to a voice from your own section, 
Mr. Speaker. Mr. Fillmore said: 
VVe see. a political party presenting candidates for thc 
Presidency and Vice Presidency setectcd, för the first time, 
from the free States alone, with the avowed purpose of 
electing those candidates by the suffrages of' one part of' the 
Union onlv, to rule over the whole United States. Can it 
be possible that those who are encaged in such a measure 
can Irave seriously reflected upon the consequences which 
must inevitably follot.v in case o? success? Can they have 
the rnadness or the ihtly to believe that onr southern breth- 
ren would submit to be governed by such a Chief Magis- 
Suppose that the South, having a majority of the elee- 
toral vote, should declare that they would have only slave- 
holders fbr President and Vice President, and should elect I 
such by their exclusive suffrage to rule over us at tige North: 
do you think you would subinit to it? No; not lör a mo- 
And do you believe that your sout.hern brethren are 
In ent. 
less eensitive on *his subject than you arc ; or less jealous 
of their riuhts? If you do, let tne tell you that you are rnis- 
taken ; aud therefOre you must see that if this sectional 
pagy succeeds, it leads inevitably to the destruction of this 
bcaatifu} fåbric, reared by our forelüthers.' 
i tell vou, xve are treading on the brink ofa volcano. that 
is Mable. at any xnoment, to burst forth, and overwhelm the 
nation." 
entitled to great weight; took care; at an early 
day, solemnly' to•Warn his own _péo.ple:ofthe-åoh- 
sequences likely to flow from their acts'. : -He dé- 
clares that the election of- such tiåket Mfdåld 
cause the South, to resist. He declares, such a 
resistance would- be natural, and arguesit 
be justifiable. Nay, he goesjfurther; mid AüSSe-i't:s 
boldly that, mutatis mutandis, the North 
that very thing the doing of which dails down 
upon the heads of the southern peoplc the anåth- 
emas of the North, eager to {brand a generous tihd 
impulsive people- wit-h the terms Of 
so flippantly indulged in, of rebels and- traitors. 
There was a time when Warren and Hancock 
and Adams and Quincy were branded •as trai- 
tors, and when North Carolina and South Caro- 
lina, themseives unoppressed; without cause of 
complaint against the parent Government, drew 
their swords and Icaped to the defense of their 
sister. 
I have neither t.ime• nor inclination •to discuss 
this much mooted point of secession. 'My opin- 
ions upon it are embraced in a letter from Macon, 
the good, my own countryman, wvitten more than 
twenty-five years ago, which 1 take the liberty of 
incorporating in my remarks: 
BucK SPRING, February 9, 1833. 
SIR ; have received your lettet of the 24th ultimo. 
There can be na doubt that the United States are in a de- 
plorable situation, and that the publication of the opinion 
you desire. would bc useless. has never been a secret, 
and always stated to those who wanted to know it. rn 'the 
year 1824, the Constitution was buried in the Scnat.e—the 
Senators who were, then present '.vill, it is believed, recol- 
lect the fact—and never afterwards quoted by me ',vhkle I 
renrained in l.he Senate. The opinions of General I'Vash- 
ill'Åton, Mr. Jefferson, and Governor Clinton, are known, 
bu-t not respected. I have. never believed that a State could 
nullify and remain in the Union ; bug I have aheays believed 
that a State might secede when she pleased, provided that she 
would pay her proportion of the public debt; and this right 
I have considered the best guard to public 'liberty and to 
public justice that could be desired, and it ought to-have 
prevented what is now ft'lt in the South—oppression. 
The proclamation contains principies as contrary to what 
was the Constitution as nunification. 
It is the great error 
of the Adininistration ; which, except that, has been satis- 
fhctory ill a high degree to the people who elected the Pres- 
idcnt.. 
W" hen confederacio,.; begin to fight, liberty is soon lost, 
and Lhe Govcrnrnent as soon chanUed. A Government of 
opinion, established by sovereign States for special pur- 
poses, carnnot be maintained by force. The use of force 
makes ene:nies, and enemies cannot live in peace under 
such a Government. 
'{'he case of South Carolina is as different from that of 
Pennsylvania as any two eases can be. In 1816, the sys- 
tem which now oppresses the South was begun. It was 
tiicn opposed. 
In 1824 the Constitution was buried. Sen- 
who werc then in the Senate Wii! no doubt recollect. 
(Repetition—old age will tell.) Time to quit. 
Yours verv trulv, 
NATHANIEL MACON. 
I-Ion. SAMUEL P. CARSON. 
With six of tbc States it is an accomplished 
fact; and it would more avail- to endeavor to ren- 
dcr its further unnecessary, than to en- 
ga«re itFnice discussion as to its nature and effect. 
But you, as the great remedy, suggest coercion. 
Coercion! Can you for a minute suppose you 
can force upon the South a foreign domination ? 
Do you think twelve million people, should they 
thin k fit to assert their independence, can be forced 
to pay tribute to you, or any other earthly power? 
You mistake the temper and the character of our 
peopie. Sir, history is said to be philosophy 
Have you read the story 
teaching by example. 
of the struggles of' our fathers? Have you not 
heard how an obstillate Prince and an infhtuated 
minister lost to England the priceless cem with 
which her diadem was studded ? 
Pass back to the times of the great Revolution. 
I would I had time to quote at length the able, 
common-sense view of this question of coercion, 
as expounded by the enlightened Cruger, in 1774, 
in the British Parliament—a man who, I am proud 
to say, drew his existence from the soil of Mas- 
I have time to quote but a single 
sach usetts. 
paragraph : 
The expediency ot coercive measures is much insisted 
upon by sonne, who, I am sorry to say, seetn to-consider 
Iliore the distress and difficulty into which they may involv_c 
the South, than the benefit they can procure from such vin- 
dictivc conduct iii this country. 
Iluinanity, however, _wiJ% 
prompt the generous mind' to weep over severities even 
when they are And the prudent ståtesrnan will 
reflect that the South cannot suffer without injury to the 
It will be soon, sir, that Mr. Fillmore, whose 
North. 'I'hcy are your ct_lstemers; they eonsutne your man- 
career as the Chief Executive of these Stales had 
utåctures ; and by disturbing them, if you do not drive them 
ffiven opportunities to sound the dept.hs of 
out to fbrei('ll :narkets, you will at least disable them from 
public opinion, to ascertain the texnper and dis- taking your cornElE0f_lfties, and froni n-xaking- you adequate 
positions of the southern ocopies and whose opin- i returns what they have taken." 
Mr. SEWARD, if the reports cf the day are to i i ions, from these causes, as well as from his åd- Bat suppose you pushed your coercion to sub- 
be believed, says that, in the settlement of this mitted intellect, prudence, and patriotism, were jug-ration. Suppose your arms to have triumphed. 
