628 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 29, 
*What upon that point, the words 
of wisdöm Which fell from the lips of the patriot 
Jackson, in his Farewell Address to our people: 
ft• euch a struggle is once begun, and the citizens-of 
one section of the country arrayed in arms against -thosc of 
another in doubtftil c.oüfliet, let the battle result as it may, 
there will bc an end-of the Union, and with it an' end-Of 
the hopes of freedom. Tbe victory of the injured would 
not Eecure to them the blcssmqs of liberty; it would avenge 
. their wrongs, but they themséives would share in the com- 
mon ruin." 
I cite these remarks to show the opimon of a 
great mind,as to the probability of a reconstruc- 
tion of the Union -if blood be shed in conflict. 
It 
natural that this great man, thc every pul- 
ution of;whose heart was for his. country, and 
his whole country, should have taken a strong 
and gloomy view of the condition of things beyond 
disruption, and -that especially upon the occa- 
Sion which led him to address the country. 
Sir, if blood be unjustly shed in .this quarrel, 
believe me, all hope o? reconciliation is gone. 
This Union, after such catastrophe, can never 
bc reconstructed. Like one of those beautiful 
vases from Etrui•ia, which has descended to us 
from retnote antiquity, once broken into frag- 
mentB, all the craft of the potter cannot restore it 
to, its pristine integrity. No, sir; this Union can- 
not be held together by forcc—by any other cohe- 
Sion than that of affection. Do not rely in such 
contest upon your adrnitted superiority in wealth 
and population. 
But you will have to come to invade us upon 
our',éoil. Perhaps, it has been said, no instance 
is to be found in the civilized world where a nat.ion 
was conquered at its own door, unless betrayed 
by traitors at home, or by their own abject sub- 
mission. The southern States have not reached 
either of these points. You may cotxx•e amongy us 
with the star-spangled banner of our once happy 
IJnion, around which gather rich recollections; 
but no- piece of bunting, star-and-stripe it ali over 
as you Inay, cun Inake us uritrue to the home of 
our birth and affection. Let tl'lct•c be no stritö 
between us, I pray you. Bat if you persist ill it, 
come on. Jlut cüa Inors, cut Icta victoria. 
Mr. Speaker, let me say a word for. South Car- 
olina. Her people are our kindred in blood, 
and bear the same honored narae which we do. 
She is without representation on this floor, 
or In 
the Senate; -and I cannot suffer to pass over t. be 
un kind reflections upon her, the studied lilisrep- 
resentation of all her acts and doings, without a 
word ill) her defense. It ig easy t.o accuse our 
neighbor of acts donc under excitement. 
'l'he 
charitablc mind would indccd search for excuse 
and apology for rash conduct 011 the part offriends. 
You accuse her 
of precipitancy. The wrono•s 
she has suffered, in comlllon with her sisters, I 
have endeavored to portray to you. 
must judge. 
You accuse her of perfidy in seizing the forts 
in her ha rbor. Massac-II uselts revolted d uring the 
war of 1812. She etnbassadors here to treat 
of .partition. She declared the annexation of Tex- 
as cause of dissolution; and in 1837, because the 
Governmen t th ought proper to col tect the postacrcs 
in change, she in solemn incetino• debated , in 
euil Han, 
resolutions of resistance, pcaccably if 
she could, forcibly if necessary—resistance at all 
hazards. The papers of the day trcat the excite- 
mcnt as fearful, threatenin()' revolution. 
Indeed, 
Mr. Abbot Lawrencc dcciarcd that. possibly in a 
week t)ie crew might have to rise and forcibly 
seize the ship. Bat this x.vas in loyal Massachu- 
setts, not in rebellious South Carolina. 
Now, let me reverse the case. Suppose a party 
camc into existence upon a platform something 
like the Chicago platform, which, 
instead of re-- 
pressing slavery in any State, should, impose it 
upon certain others. Suppose that party had tri- 
umphed , had elected its President, and had a pros- 
pective possession of the Senate . and of this 
House; and suppose its forts, which command 
the city of Boston, were to be reinforced and gar- 
in .beha]f' of South State which has 
illåstra,tdd your pölitical. history , and given so you 
great statesmen; " immortal names •which were 
not born to die,"' and which has on the field of 
arms, when the national honor was to be vindi- 
cated, poured out her biood like water. 
I ask you to take warning from the ev•ents 
which are rapidly .occurripg. I acknowledge my- 
Self anxious to save the. Union. I do not know 
that it can be saved. Perhaps it cannot.be. The 
probabilities are that it cannot be, in its former 
Integrity. If it can be, it is only by securing the 
border States to you, and availing yourself of 
their influence and their example upon the Guit 
I know that the apprehensive faculties 
States. 
of the North have scarcely been awakened to the 
real condition of things. 
Bat, look around you and observe these vacant 
seats. From the fretted roof which adorns this 
hall, are suspended the shields of the seceding 
States. There are glassed their ernblems and 
their ensicyns. 1 see the green palmetto of South 
Carolina, but under its sliadow sits no son of 
I see the Georgian temple Of liberty, but 
hers. 
no son of hers guards its sacred portals. Do not 
push us too far. Do not flatter yourselves that 
we shall succumb from wcakncsg. Much as I 
might value the honorable maintenance of the 
Union, I have no fears for a southern confederacy. 
The tempest may indeed howl, and the red light- 
ning glare; there may be strife and commotion in 
the political element. Occasionally, dark clouds 
may overcast the political heavens, but in the 
intervals of succession shall brightly burn those 
fifteen stars which form the Southern constella- 
tion, signs and tokens forever. 
Mr. VAN WYCK obtained the floor. 
M.r. BRANCH. I rise to a privileged motion. 
I noove that the House do now adjourn. 
Mr. BOCOCK. It is not a privileged motion 
when the gentleman froin New York has the 
Mr. BRANCH. But it is a privileged motion 
beforc he hug the floor. 
-MI'. ASHLEY. 1 ask the gentleman from New 
York to yield to mc a moment? 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. {would, with 
pleasure, undcr ordinary circumstances, be will- 
Ing to adjourn; but I would much rather now 
listen to the tones of y friend from New York. 
Mr. BRANCH. around me seem 
desirous to have the gentleman go on this even- 
inc, I will withdraw the motion io adjourn. 
iv'lr. ASHLEY. I ask the gentleman from New 
York to yield a moment? All I want is to intro- 
duce an amcndment which I Shakl offer to the-re- 
port of the committee of thirty-three, that 
it *nay bc printed. 
No objection being made, 
M r. ASHLE Y introd uced an amendment ; which 
which was ordered to be printed. 
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield me 
the floor ? 
Mr. VAN WY CK. I yield to the gentleman. 
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House do now 
adjourn, as there is no quorum present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. BRIGGS in 
the chair.) The gentleman from Nev.' York is 
upon the floor. 
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New 
York has -yielded to me; and laave the floor. 
N.'lr. SICKLES. I object to the gentleman 
yielding the floor. 
Mr. DAWES, The gentleman from New 
York has already yielded to me. 
The SPEAKER Docs the gentle- 
man from New York yield the floor? 
I Mr. GOOCH. to a pointoforder. The 
gentleman frotn New York yielded the floor to 
my colleague without objection, and you recocr- 
nizcd my colleague as having the floor. 
The SPEAKER tentpore. The 
not understand the gentleman from New York 
risoncd by mercenary soldiers, whose intention as yielding the floor; and i now propound the 
was to overawe the State of Massachusetts, how question to I-lim. 
long a time do you think would clapse before the Mr. SICKLES. I object. 
people of Massachusetts would take possession 
Mr. GOOCH. I appeal from the decision of 
and garrison those forts? Beforc you could walk the Chair. 
II The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman 
over the Long Bridge they would take those forts; 
If they did not, they from New York is encitled to the floor, unless he 
ar)d they do right. 
would be gnwot'thy Qf the name of those who yields it. 
t.hrew the pea oycrboard i" Boston harbor, in the Mr. SI C.KLES. I rise to a point of order. 
It 
(tays of the Let mp say thug muen 
not competent for the. gentleman from 
York to yield-the floor, unless by the unanimous 
consent of the House. That point was madeupon 
me the other day. 
I had appealed from the de- 
Mr. GOOCH. 
cision of the Chair. 
Mr. COX. T lie gentleman has not the floor 
to make an appeal. 
Mr. CONKLING. move to lay that appeal 
upon. the table. 
Mr. COX. The gentleman from New York 
has not the floor tö make that motion. 
The SPEAKER pro The Chair will 
recognize no gentleman, tind put no motion, until 
order is restored. 
Mr. SICKLES. I rise to a point of order. 
Mr. GOOCH. I have appealed from the de- 
cision of the Chair, [cries of Order ! 3' Order!" 
from' the Democratic side;] and I want that de- 
cided. 
Mr. SICKLES. Iraised Order!" "Order!" 
from the Republican side] the first question of 
order; and I claim the attention of the Chair. 
1 
•.vant to know who has the Boor. 
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Speaker— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. One at a time, 
gentlemen. 
Mr. GOOCH. I want my point of •order de- 
cidcd before anything else is done. 
Mr. SICKLES. the gentleman from 
Massachusetts to order. 
yr. GOOCH. The gentlenian himself is not 
in order. 
Mr. SICKLES. I am now calling you to order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair calls 
gentlemen to order. 
Mr. GOOCH. An appeal has been taken fi•onx 
the decision of the Chtur•, and 1 1.vant that appeal 
decided. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 call the gentleman frorn 
Massachusetts to order. I have the floor. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair wishes 
to dispose of the question of order raised by the 
gentleman from Massachusetts. 
Mr. SICKLES. It is to that very point I rise. 
The gentleman from Massachusetts could not 
raise a point of order when there was one already 
pending. 
Mr. GOOCH. My question was raised before 
the gentlernan from New York rose at all. I took 
an appeal from the decision of the Chair, and a 
motion has been made to lay that appeal upon the 
table; and that motion has been entertained by 
the Chair. 
The SPEAKER pro The Chair will 
endeavor to dispose of the question of order. 
Does the gentleman from New York yield the 
floor? 
Mr. VAN WYCK. gentleman 
from Massachusetts. 
Mr. CONKLINC% lobject. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. T hc gentleman 
from New York has a right to yield the floor; but 
the Chair does not understand whether he yields 
it or not. 
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New York 
has twice yielded the floor to me; and I have made 
a motion to adjourn. 
The SPEARER pro tempore. T hc Chair will 
put the question on the motion to adjourn. 
Mr. CON K LING. Objection was made to the 
gentleman yielding the floor. 
Mr. SICKLES. I rise to a point of order. 
Tho Chair having decided that my col}eague had 
the floor, the gentleman from Massachusetts asked 
him to give way for a motion to adjourn. Objec- 
tion was made to my colleague yielding for ihat 
purpose; and I maintain that, without unanimous 
consent, my colleague cannot yield the floor for 
any motion. I cite, as a precedent for that ob- 
jection, the objection made by the other side of' 
the Iloase, the other day, to the gentleman from 
Virginia [Mr. CLEMENS] yielding the floor to me, 
under similar circumstances, to offer an amend- 
ment. Flthe whole of the other side of the House 
objected to that, and now I insist on the applica- 
tion of the same rule to them. I cite their author- 
ity as conclusive, and I object to my colleague 
Yielding the floor. 
any rights upon this ileor, on this occasion, or 
not. [Laughter.] 
The SPEAKER pro tempo,re. The Chair de- 
cidcs that it is competent a member to yield 
I the floor; and if the gentleman from New York, 
