1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Chishour -witnesses the fulfillment of all we have political, moral, or religious subjects not having 
predicted as to the encroachments and demands ! your approbation? That you will not banish the 
cottage Bible from your realm because-Ots com- 
of slavery. F corn coercing the labor of one racc, 
piler •may be opposed to slavery? Any secur- 
it places hand oti our. throat, and, in the lan- 
guage. of the highwayman, demands our money lty for the freedom of speech and press, already 
or our life, our Government or Oar principles. Do 
they. fail to see that, when this institution is car- 
ried to the Territories, the freemen of the North 
are driven from it? 
Whata•commentaryupon this institution, that, 
like the Upas tree, every green leaf and flower of 
those rights which exalt man and dignify -his ex- 
istence, must perish beneath its shadow. A few 
days since, when the gentleman from Georgia 
was delivering his vulcdictory, and presenting his 
grievances to the world, ho said they could not tol- 
crate that white men like SUMNER should address 
southern audiences; and that freedom of the press 
and circulation of printed matter could not be al- 
lowed in his State; and, for fear the incoming Ad- 
ministration should exercise its power to prevent 
the rifling of the mails in southern States, whcrc 
we pay frorn the Treasury $2,500,000 for their 
transportation, he gave notice, in advance, that 
they would commit treason and destroy the Union. 
Can thc enormity of the slave power be prcscnicd 
in any stronger licrht? This very day, 
the shadow of hoary oppression, and at the foot 
of thrones covered with the dust of centuries, free 
speech and free. press begins to grow and flourish. 
Yet the American Republic, at the peril of its ex- 
istence, is forced to extend a system more des- 
potic Zhan tyranny and more dogmatical than 
priestcraft. 
The popular sovereignty candidate for the 
Presidency, after the humiliating boast tllat he 
I supposed to be secured by the Constitution? 
You say you concede to freedom north of 360 
30': thatis no concession. We bought thatright 
in 1820, when we received Missouri as a slave 
Statcjnto the Union. You forced that right from 
us in 1854, and then We conquered it through the 
strife and blood of a civil war; so that we have 
already a double title—first by purchase, and then 
I by conquest. But you yield to freedorn all that 
we may acquire north of that line. We never 
can obtain any more. Canada and the British 
possessions will never be ours. All our future 
acquisitions, if any, must be south of that line in 
I the direction of the tropics, and you demand its 
I unconditional surrender to slavery. Under the de- 
lusion ofa compromise you seek to betray us into 
a surrender to the very men who are compact- 
breakers, and who claim that a compromise, to 
which the faith of' the nation was pledgcd, 
had no 
sacredness beyond an ordinary act for the collec- 
tion of the revenue or the establishment of a post 
route. You have for years been telling us that 
all geoo•raphical lines werc sectional and danger- 
ous to the peace and stability of the Union, en- 
tirelyunconstitutional; finally, you obtained a de- 
cision of the Supreme Court to that effect, when 
you suddcnly discover that the Constitution is 
unconstitutional, and you seek its amendment to 
In 1820 you cst.ablish 
establish sectional lines. 
all *the- States- possibly would bid, the€secéding 
States. depart in But fbrcib-ly 
seize -the Federal .Üoperty, and •then *fire upontits 
flag, you should •not down andipietui•e -the 
horrors of civil War. You seem willifig.;toifjread 
the -pall of desolation .o+er.the land, strike down 
the last home-of the hopeof 
freedom, for thepurpose of extending,'in thename 
of liberty, and under the shield: of- religion; the 
institution of slavery. The gentleman from Ma- 
ryland, [Mr. HARRIS,] who has-just taken his 
seat, appeals to. us most earnestly to méke, some 
compromise to save the Union. Why not appeal 
to the men who are laboring for As 
well stop the bold fireman who ishét•oic-ally strug- 
egling with the flames, instead of seizing the incen- 
diary who applied the torch to the temple. We 
desire not the destruction even of South Carolina. 
Jewish history, which you 80 much venerate, ad- 
monishes us that they had a South Carolina in 
their confederacy, and she seceded. , After three 
severe battles, thc disunionists were exterminated. 
The conquerorsindulged in no shouts of victory, 
but came to the house of God, and abode-ether-e 
till even, before God, and lifted up their voices and 
wept sore; and said: O Lord God of*srael, why 
is this come to pass in Israel) that!here be. 
to-day one tribe lacking in Israel 
If ihe people consent, let the cotton States deG 
part. Then let us vote millions to purchase 
slaves of the border States as fast as either of them 
may desire to sell; then, Ict us.purchase for them 
a home in Centrul America, whereB by our foster- 
i ing care, we tnay rear them to habits of industrv 
the Missouri line to save the Union; ill 1854 you and good government, and, in a measure, atone 
for the injury and injustice ages of oppression 
destroy it to savo the Union; and now, in 1861, 
could travel through the South unharmed, adds you can see the salvation of the Republic only i have heaped upon them. 
i t h rough its reéstablishment and perpetuity, with An intelligent correspondent of the New York 
that Abraham Lincoln was born in Kentucky— 
'the graves of his parents were there—but he dare 
not visit them. Dare not! Is that the language 
to address to American citizens? 'Phat little sen- 
tence contributed more to the election of Lincoln 
than the speeches of ail his friends. If that were 
true, freemen could feel and understand its force; 
and eho quiet, though stern, Inen of the nation 
woukd naturally illquire upon what principles the 
Govern.n-l.ent was being administered. Darc not 
go by the graves of his fathers! A man born in 
ICentucky, with no brand on his brow, and no 
.stain on his soul, pure and upright in all the 
relations of life, charged with no crime against 
the laws of God and man, dare not travel through 
what he •boasts to call his country, to plant flow- 
ers or shed tears' upon the graves of his ances- 
the new and startling condition annexed, that Herald furnishes that paper the following figureg.: 
slavery must be forever protected in all our future 
acquisitions. -No wondergentlemen are regretting 
its destruction; no wonder ghosts of murdered 
victims will rise before thenl, and not down at 
their bidding; no wonder they should strive to 
banish the apparition of the bloody hand, and men 
like thc Senator from Illinois should desire to act 
as though they had never uttered a word or cast 
a vote. 
Your unholy crusade, therefore, against the 
Union, is to extend the area of slavery. For that 
purpose you invoke the God of battles, when your 
system ignores all His attributes and defies the 
spirit of His teachings. You talk of the sacredness 
of your homes, when for years you have been 
tore! And you coolly say we must have no Gov- I despoiling the homes of thousands, and suffer four 
ernment to protect -such men. Kentucky has i million human beings to have no hearthst0\ics 
Slavery in Maryland has decreased 6,000 .the 
last decade. There are in thatState 80,000 slaves; 
which, at $500 per head) v.,'01Tid only amount to 
$40,000,000. A duty of ten per cent. on the 
of annual imports would' pay for 
them in a single year. Baltitnore would soon riva{ 
Philadelphia as a manufacturing city, and Mary* 
land would be converted into •a garden to supply 
the wants of northern cities. Delaware has only 
2,()00 slaves. One million dollars would indem- 
nify the owners, and make her a free State. Mis- 
souri has but 100,000 slaves. Fifty million dollars 
would pay for them, and make her- rival' Illinois 
population, and improvement. 'Thus 
iri wealth, 
less than $100,000,000 would rid them all of an 
i institution for which neither their climate nor 
products are suited, and bestow on them the 
spurned the demagogue, and now she repudiates around which the afFections may cluster. You vanttiges of free labor. 
II talk about the recollection of wives and children q You also insist upon dissolving the Union be- 
his libel. 
Now, you ask us to compromise. What have 
we to concede? We have done you no wrong, 
and propose none.. You have been comprolnisino• 
for years, until you yourselves have often told us 
{he day for compromise was past. You com- 
promised in 1850, and called it a finality. You 
compromised in 1854 by violating a sacred com- 
promtsc, called that a finality, and said you had 
removed the agitation out of Congress. The only 
finality we have had for years, we had at the 
ballot-box the 6th day of November last. True 
to your instincts, you are trying to sot aside that 
finality that you may renew agitation. You pro- 
pose now to lay your hands upon the ark of the 
covenant our fathers set up; to amend the Con- 
stitution; to give you greater guarantees for sla- 
very than the States exacted when each held 
slaves. You havo suggested no compromise that 
does not involve submission and surrender on our 
part.' You have proposed no plan which concedes 
anything to the North. You ask us to admit the 
truth of your charges against us, by a declaration 
in the Constitu tion, that we will never steal your 
slaves or deprive you of your rights. Of what 
avail would that be if your present position is 
correct, that one State, however insignificant, can 
destroy the whole fabric? You who have VIO- 
lated the Constitution and set the laws at defiance, 
are demanding constitutional guarantees that we 
will do neither! Will you teli what concessions 
you propose to the North? Do you propose any 
additional security for the protection of the life 
and liberty of the northern man in the slave States? 
Additional security for the sacred right of prop- 
ert,y, when that property consists in books on 
to nerve your arm, when your system destroys cause some men believe that slavery will finally 
the. relation of liusband and wife, and violates the pass from the earth. Who that has faith in God 
holiest tic of parent and child. You talk of re- does: not believe that in the end all forms of op- 
construction. Believe it not. The compromises of I prcssion will disappear? Continued struggles for 
thousands of years, offering up millions of -lives 
the present Constitution once lost, you ncvet• can 
reffain. Think you another Senate can be formed 
wherein Delaware and Florida can equal New 
York and Pennsylvania? Another I-louse of Rep- 
resentativcs wherein you will be allowed twentv 
Representatives on account of your property in 
man? You are now opposed to the Arrny and 
Navy, because you boldly assert that an enförce- 
ment of the laws means a coercion of the States. 
You were willing to vote millions to transport 
troops and provisions two thousand miles, over I 
prairie and desert, to coerce our brethren in Utah 
when you said they were in rebellion to thcGov„ 
ernment. You sent the Army into Kansas to 
subdue the frecnnen in the North. You have used 
the Federal troops to enforce the fuoitive slave 
law. When John Brown, with as mucfl authority 
to seize the property of the nation as you possess, 
took the arsenal at Harper's Ferry, the marines of 
the United States vvcre sent to its rescue. You 
dreaded not then its despotic power. The camp I 
had no terrors. The plume of the soldier and the 
gilded trappings of the officer did not fill you Wilh 
disgust. You oppose coercion; yet, by force of 
armed men, you seize the forts and navy-yards 
of the United States, and trample thc stars and 
and oceans of blood, have not yet solved the 
problem of the white man's deliverance:. - -Matl 
I for ages was as blind as the unthinking horse; 
the mind ih its crude development revealed not 
to him the secret of his power, nor his rightdivine 
to a free manhood, as of stern justice, uprising 
from the innate intelligence within him. Had it 
been otherwise, the throne and he who sat on it 
would have been powdered in the dust; nor longer 
would the- body have submitted to stripes and 
chains, nor the spirit flapped its wings against 
bonds and prison walls in its soarings to be free. 
The wild democracicg of Greece would have made 
liberty calm and tranquil as a summer sea, and the 
turbulent republics of the Swiss cantons would 
have humbled the proud palaces of Europe before 
thc stern and steady tramp of enlightened free• 
men. Everywhere we sympathize for the op- 
pressed, and hope for their deliverance. Mr. 
Yancey, in a speech in New Yoi•k city, las_t Octo- 
ber, said the Russian gerf had the right to revo- 
lution. Every man can run the parallels. . In 
the late heroic struggle for Italian nationality and 
unitv, vvere we not allowed to breathe the prayer 
that "from her baptism of blood the sun of uni- 
i vct•sal freedom nught break forth and light man 's 
stripes in the dust. 
[ desire not t.o preserve this Union at the point pathway with a brightness as clear and beautiful 
but do not mean to be driven and free as that which tinged her mellow, waves, 
of the bayonet; 
from it by force. If you desire a pcaceable seces- li beamed in beauty upon -her valleys,' and fringed 
sion, why do you not seek it? A convention of the brown summits of her towering •mountains. 
