692 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 29, 
We believe the time must comé whenethe white 
race-will be free and the African no longer a slave. 
Do you now •propose -to retai'd the civilization of 
the world for centuries and to turn back the hands 
on- the dial of -liberty? Would you inaugurate 
the time when beneath shadows of the monuments 
reared in freedom's cause the watch-fires will 
cease to burn; when the patriot mothers nursing 
her half-famished infant, will- stmle at the hoot 
of •the owl or the rustling of the raven's wing ?" 
G'od grant .y.ou- may never accomplish •so much. 
would- rather hope for returning reason, or even 
ayenging justice, and patiently await the time 
when 
"Tteedom, hand in hand With labor, 
'Waiketh strong and brave; 
On •the forehead of hiS neighbor 
No ma-n •writeth, slave P 
I Said last winter, I repeat now: I will institute 
no comparison between the North and the South 
as tö numbers or natural courao•e. Read the les- 
sons of history, and learn from them of those who 
have been reared, ',vherc nature's heart beats 
strong and high amid the hills." You may widen 
and deepen the gulf between freedom and slavery; 
but can you vainly hope to bridge the Hellespont 
or canal Moul')t Athos? 
The principles of our fathers we iVill eveu•adore 
as " tokens upon our hands" and as " frontlets 
between our eyes." You may shatter the Union; 
but t'he holiest association for ages to come will 
gather around and •garnish its ruins. - The travel- 
stained pilgrim in liberty's cause will, through all 
time, weep its overthrow. 
"T.ike the vase in which roses have once been distilled; 
You may break, you may ruin, the vase, if you will ; 
But the scent of the roses will hang round it still." 
You may destroy our temple, but, like the sacred 
olive on the Acropolis, the burnt stump will im- 
mediately put forth a " fresh shoot, a cubit in 
lenffth. 
I-lave you some modern Minotaur, for 
which periodically you will exact a tribute of 
principle? Can you not be satisfied with the 
golden fleece; but will you carry off some Medea 
besides? Pursue not so that, like Aristome- 
love. for the Constitution and laws of your coun- 
try; make known your grievances; and the nation 
will- rise up with one accord to do you justice. 
Do such a people wrong? Never! Southern -men 
.whc:A1ave-made this charge against us will be the 
first to renounce it. No, Sit; the least of the rights 
of Kentucky under the Constitution can never bc 
taken or attempted to be taken from her.- Should 
her rights be invaded, thousands of northern 
svgords would leap from their scabbards, and 
every free State would feel proud to furnish men 
and treasure in her defense. 
The great commoner sleeps well on your bosom, 
and you are determined that his grave shall never 
be moistened I.vith brothers' blood, and over his 
tomb shall never be heard the battle-shock of 
brothers in conflict. You venerate his memory, 
and cherish the sentiments he uttered'in the Senate 
Chamber in 1850, v•.vhen Georgia was threatenino• 
to seccdc from the Union; when he said: 
" Now I stand here in my place, rncaning to be unawed 
by any threats, whether they como frotn individuals or fro:n 
States. I should deplore as as any man that arms 
should be raised against the authority of the Union, either 
by individuals or by States. But after all that has occurred, 
if any one State, or a portion of the people of any State, 
choose to place thernselves in xnilitary array a«ainst the 
Government of the Union, I arn for trying tbe strength of 
the Government; I am for ascertaining whether we have a 
Government or not—practical, eflicieht, capable of main- 
taining its authority and upholding the powers and interests 
which belong to a Governinent. Nor, sir, am I to be alanned 
or dissuaded f'roxn -any such course by intimations of thc 
it? be the fault of those who choose to raise the 
standard of disunion and endeavor to prostrate this Govern- 
ment. And, sir, when that is done, so long. as it pleases 
God to give me a voice to express nmy sentiments, or an arn), 
wctåc and enfeeb\cd as it may bc by age, that voice and 
that arrn will be on the side of Iny country, for the support 
of the general authority, and Ibr the maintenance of the 
powers of this Union." 
T hc true men of Kentucky need have no (cars of 
their brethren in the North; but had they, to their 
devotion and nobility almost any concessions 
would be yielded that a brave, loyal people ought 
to ask of bru vc, loyal breth ret). 
•w c have becn told by Senators that some of 
nes, you may Iosc your shield, and there may thesouthcrn States are on tbc warpath, and, while 
bc no case of Trophonius in which to find it. 
they are brandishing the tomahawk and scalping- 
Let us be true to the Constitution, the Union, 
knife, aboutconverting the warfare of opinion into 
and' the laws; let us no longer sepulcher dreams 
a contest of blood; while the Catalincs of the na- 
that are dead; and the rainbow of promise will 
arch again for us, and the visions of night once 
more be gilded with glory. 
I think I can sce the finger of the Almighty 
moving on the troubled waters. Men and nations 
wili do but little in warring against His decrees, 
orcompromisingHisjudgments. Reckless threats 
or idle boasts of your power and -courage will 
avail nothing. The gentleman from Virgiliia ex- 
ultcd that Leonidas und his three hundred Spar- 
tans •,vere slaveholders. He may vet learn that 
peoplc can possess the vices and evils of one 
Teneration without attaining to their valor and 
greatness. Reinembet• that his arm isatrongwhosc 
cause is just. 'I'he slaves of the Greeks were of 
the white races, of those captured in war, with 
whom they compromised by giving slavery instead 
of death. At that period of the world, the Ethio- 
pian was highly estecmcd. 
'l'he Grecian said 
" he was of swarthy complexion from his neigh- 
borhood to the sun, was a favorite of the gods, 
and sometirnes honored by visits from the celes- 
Gals." Peter fultered in the path of duty, and fell. 
Christ refused to compromise, and established I-lis 
divinity. Like Peter, we arc errino•. 
If 
could seduce us from the integrity of our faith, 
it would be to strike hands over the altar of our 
common liberties ',.vith noble patriots at the South 
and on this floor, who, feciing that they have a 
country to save and aGod to scrvc, have rebuked 
disunion and branded treason. 
All hail the gallant Stato of Kentucky, pccring 
like a rock in mid-ocean, unshaken by wind and 
wave, beating back the mad, tempestuous billows ! 
Your gallant Holt unmasked tréason at the capi- 
tal , and. your noble Anderson sustained your honor 
and ours at Fort•Sumter. Land of the dark and 
bloody ground, 
whose name kindles glorious 
associations and holy memories! Brave, loyal 
men of Kentucky; you of the " lion heart and 
eagle eye " have o•ivcn a new augury that the Union 
must be preserved in fade*ess immortality. Come 
not as suppliants, nor with arms in your hands, 
but as you are cominm, with the simple garland 
of olive on your brows, and hearts glowing with 
tion arc conspirinff in the Capitol to destroy the 
liberlics of tl)C people and the powers of the Gov- 
et•nmcnt; while treason has been flaunting in the I 
departments of the Administration,and our proud 
ensign, which has commande(l thc fear of hostile 
nations and the respect of all the world, defiantly 
insulted, we are called upon to compromise with 
rebels, with' cannon pointed at us stolen from the 
national arsenals. For myself, sir, never! I would 
rather perish on the threshold of this Capitol, 
defen(ling• the stars and stripes which float over 
it, than vote, at such time, for any compromise 
involving a sacrifice of principle. You your- 
selves would desoisc a people who would exhibit 
the cowardice to retreat in the face of an armed 
arid threatening foe. The true men of the North 
and South will rally round that standard sheet, 
determined to defend and protect it from enemies 
without and foes within. Some stars on its glit- 
tcring fold may dart off into a comet's wandcrint" 
or a lncteou•'s flight, but they will find they shine 
not so brightly in any other constellation. 
In the madness of the hour, you sing no more 
our national ballads. 
T hc Star-Spangled Ban- 
reason leads to a calm reflection, you will Say, 
with us: 
'Tis the flag of America, it float* over the- brave ; 
'Tis the feiirest imturled on the land or the wave ; 
But, though brightest in story and matchless in fight, 
'Tis the herald of mercy as welt as of might. 
In tho cause of the wronged may it ever be first, 
Where tyrants are humbled, and fetters are burst; 
Be justice the war shout, and dastard-is he 
Who would scruple to die 'neath the flag of the free." 
During the delivery Of Mr. VAN WYCK 's speech , 
the following proceedings took place: 
At the •close of the first sentence, 
Mr. GOOCH said: I rise to a pointof order. 
The SPEAKER tempore. Does the gen- 
tleman from New York yield ? 
Mr. GOOCH. I rise to a point of order. I 
submit that the gentleman from New York is not 
in order. 
Mr. BURNETT. You 
that purpose. 
Mr. GOOCH. I have it; and I submit the 
point of Order. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The gentleman 
will state his point of order. 
Mr. GOOCH. The. sentence just uttered is 
disrespectful to •the House. [Laughter.] That 
IS my point of order. 
Mr. BRANCH. The 
be reduced to writing. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The gentleman 
from Massachusetts ,raises the question of order, 
that the remarks of the gentlé.man from New York 
are disrespectful to the House. 
Mr. GOOCH. And the country. [Laughter.] 
The SPEAKER tempore. The Chair 
rules the +0int of order. 
Mr. GOOCFI. 
1 appeal from that decision. 
Mr. BRANCH. Let us understand this. 
the gentleman from New York is out of order, 
tllen he cannot proceed without unanimous con- 
sent. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman 
from New York has not yielded the floor. 
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I move to lay the 
appeal on the table. 
Mr. GOOCH. On that I call for the yeas and 
Mr. DAWES. 1 call for tellers on the yeas 
and nays. 
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to make a sugges- 
tion to the House. [Cries of " Too late ! " 
the gentleman from New York.doesmot desire to 
speak to-nigh t, Ebere are other gentlemen who are 
willing to deliver a speech without au audience. 
[Cries of Name them ! ' 'l I could name many 
of them. 
Mr. DAWES. That is a question for the gen- 
tleman from New York. But what I propose to 
know is, whether I can be recognized by the 
Chair. 
Mr. LOGAN. have got the floor, and 
inform the gentleman that he cannot take it from 
me. 
Mr. DAWES. I do not suppose I can take it 
from the Chair either. 
The SPEAKER tempore. Does the Chair 
understand the gentleman from Illinois to raise 
the question of order? 
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir. 
I only wanted to make 
a suggestion , that, ifthe gentleman from New York 
does not desire to speak to-night, there are other 
ner" and " Hail Columbia," which fbr years have b 
o•entlemcn who are willing to speak wilhout an 
inspircd glowing patriotisn), no longer kindle in . audience. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 desire to speak 
your hearts the holy mnotion of freedom. You 
sin now the more incendiary Marseilles. Be- for a little s,vhile. 
•ware lest, whilc you sing, your slaves may learn 
Tellers were not ordered. 
to act its poetry— 
But Inan is 'nan, and who is more ? 
'l'hen shall they longer lash and goad us? 
O, Liberty! can 'nail resign thee, 
Once having fblt thy generous fimnc? 
Can dungeon bolts an-cl bars confine thee, 
Or whips thy noble spirit tame 
No loyal American, whatever his individual or 
sectional grievances, can wantonly dishonor the 
flag of his-fathers. His heart will cling to it in the 
spiritofRuth, when she said to Naomi, " Whither 
thou goest, I w;ll go; and where thou lodgest, I 
will lodge; thy people shall be my people, and 
phy God mv God. Where thou diest will I die; 
and there Will 1 be buried." 
When the passion of the hour 
The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
The question was taken; and the appeal was 
laid on the table. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 would like to a 
suggestion. [Cries of " Too late P' 
SPEAKER pro tempore The gentleman 
from •New York will proceed with his speech. 
Mr. BOULIGNY. It is evident-that there is 
no quorum present, and that no business- should 
be transacted without a quorum [Cries of " Ob- 
ct e ' ' ] I therefore move that the Sergeant-at- 
Arms be sent after the abscntccs. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman 
from New York is entitled to-the floor. 
Mr. VAN WYCK resumed the delivery of his 
speech, but was interrupted by 
