634 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 30, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman 
From,' New York is entitled to the floor, and- wili 
proceed witli his speech. 
Mr. GOOCH. rise to a question of order, 
I have taken an appeal from the decision of the 
Chair; and the rules require that that appeal shall 
be submitted to the. House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair uh- 
derstands that it is not competent for the gentle- 
man from Ncw York to. take an appeal; inasmuch 
as he is not entitled to thcfloor. The gentleman 
from New York will proceed. 
Mr. GOOCH. I rose to a question of order; 
and was therefore entitled to the floor. 
The SPEAKER tenzpore. The gentleman 
from New York will proceed. 
Mr. GOOCH. I want to know whether the 
rules of this House are to be broken down or 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The, Chair re- 
ards these interruptions of thc gentleman from 
cw York and these questions of order as frivol- 
ous,and cannot entertain them any longer. [Cries 
of" Good ! "] 
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman from 
.Massachusctts has been decided to be out of or- 
der, and he must resume his seat. If lie does not, 
then it is the duty of the Chair to call him by 
name. [Cries of " Order ! " 
Mr. GOOCH. Does the Chair entertain my 
point of ordcr?. [Loud cries of Order P' 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 insist that shall be 
preserved. 
'I'he Chair has decided this matter, 
and I- insist that hc shall enforce that decision 
upon the gentleman from Massachusetts. That 
gentléman is bound to take his seat, inasmuch as 
his point. of' order has bccn overruled. 
Mr. GOOCI-I. 
I take an appeal from the dc- 
cision of the Chair. 
Mr. SICKLES. The Chair has made no decis- 
ion from which the gcn deman can take an appeal. 
It is the coin mand-—-thc order of tt)C Chair; t 
if the can appeal at all, 
it is frotn the 
custody of tho Sergeant-at-Arins, where he ought 
to bc for persisting in being out of ordcr. 
The SPEAKL"R pro 
'l'he gentleman 
from New York has the floor, and he will proceed 
with his remarks. 
Mr. GOOCH. 
I havc appealed from the de- 
of tlle Chair, and 1 understood the Chair 
to entertain rny appeal, 
Mr. SICKLES. No decision has been made 
from which an appeal can -be taken. 
The SPEA KER pro tempore. Tho gentleman 
from Massachusetts is not in order, and ho will 
therefore. take his seat. [Cries of" Good ! 
Mr. DAWES. Which gentleman from New 
York is Speaker, the one in the onc out of the 
chair? of Order!" 
Mr. VAN WYCK proceeded with his remarks 
for a few minutes. 
Mr. GOOCH. The from 
[Mr. VAN WYCK] yieids the floor to me, and I 
'novo that the House do now adjourn. 
Mr. BURNETT. 
I object to his yielding for 
the motion to adjourn. 
Mr. BLAKE. 
'I'he gentleman from New York 
has thc right to yield to a motion to adjourn. The 
rule provides that " a motion to adjourn cannot 
be made while anotheris speakincr•," l)utaccording 
to practice, a member speaking may yield to a 
motion to adjourn, or that the committee rise, 
without losing his right when the subject is re- 
The SPEAKER tonpore. That has been 
the practice, the Chair knows; bnt objection being 
made to the gentleman from New Y ori< yielding the 
floor, unless he does so uncond itionally, the Chair 
must refuse to entertain the motion to adjourn, 
.and the gentleman from New York will 
proceed with his speech. 
Mr. BLAKE. There is the rule; and 1 think 
that the gentleman has the right to move to 
adjourn under the circumst.ances. 
'Mr. GOOCH. 
appeal from the decision of 
the Chair. [Cries of Order 
SPEAKER temporc. The Chair has 
made no decision from which an appeal can be 
taken. 
Mr. LOGAN. I notify the other side of the 
I-louse that. if lhese interruptions and factious 
proceedings bc continued, I shall object to the 
gentleman from New York proceeding beyond his 
hour, which is now runnih'* on. 
Mr.' DAW ES'. That- will not •make any, dif- 
ferenee. 
Mr.- LOGAN. I will see whether it will or 
not. 
Mr. DAWES. If we have,the consent of the 
gentleman from New York, [Mr. SICKLES,] we 
can get an extension of time for his colleague. 
Mr. LOGAN. Careless of any side, I am here 
to do my duty. 
*Mr. CURTIS. I object to all this colloquy. 
Mr. DAWES. I do not complain of the gen- 
tleman from Illinois at all. 
Mr. VAN WYCK then concluded his speech. 
Mr. CONKLING obtained the floor and yielded 
to 
Mr. BURNETT, who moved that the House 
adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to. 
And thereupon (at half past five o'clock, p. m.) 
the House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
WEDNESDAY, January 30, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The .Tournal of yesterday was read and approved. 
PATENT OFFICn AGRICULTURAL REPORT. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the sen- 
ate a letter ot thc acting Commissioner of Patents, 
communicating the agricultural portion of his 
annual report. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move that the usual 
number and ten thousand additional copies bc 
printed for the use of the Senate. 
I suppose that 
will go to the Committee on Printing. 
The motion was referred to the Committee on 
Prin ting. 
LOUIS ROBERTS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the se - 
ate a letter of the chief clerk of the Court f 
Claitns, returnino•, in compliance with a resu u- 
tion of the Senate, the papers in the case of L nis 
Roberts; which, on motion of Mr. RICE, was 
referred to the Committcc on Indian Affairs 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. BIGLER. I present a petition of citizens 
of the county of Chester, in the State of Pennsyl- 
vania, praying the adoption of the compromisc 
measures proposed by the Senator from Ken- 
tacky, [Mr. CRITTENDEN.] 
5 also presenta sim- 
ilau• petition of citizens of Montour county, in the 
State of Pennsylvania. move that these peti- 
tions lie on the table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. BIGLER. I also present tho memorial of 
a committee of thirty-three, appoint.ed at a great 
mass meeting of workingmen, held in Philadel- 
phia, in Independence square, on Saturday even- 
Ing last. 
In presenting this inemorial, Mr. Pres- 
ident., I desi re 
t.o stat,c that it is one of far more 
than ordinary importance, and I feel required to 
present briefly to the Senate and thc country, its 
character nnd siffnificancc. 
It was handcd to me 
this morning bv a conunittee of' thirty-three &en- 
t]emen, with the rcques„t that I present. it to the 
Senate. These gentlemen, Mr. President, rep- 
resent fifty thousand citizens of Philadelphia, the 
bone and sinew of that community, the real work- 
ino•men, that class of men upon whom the whole 
structure of society and the Govcrnmcnt rests. 
have been moved to this by no politicians, 
nor by the motives that ordinarily move politi- 
cians. They have, been actuated by their deep 
solicitude for the unhappy condition of the coun- 
try, and they come here to make known their will 
to their representatives. Afterconsiderincrvat•ious 
propositions presented, through a delegate meet- 
Incr representing all the great industrial interests 
of Philadelphia, the vast mechanical pursuits of 
that city, and subsequently in a large mass meeting, 
they agreed, by a common voice-, to recommend 
to their representatives in Congress, without dis- 
tinction of party, thc programme of peace of the 
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. CRITTENDEN.] 
I should have remarked, Mr. President, that 
tbesc •men were composed of all parties, Domo- 
Mr. President, -the . proceedings -which they 
have submitted to me are of a truly interesting 
and patriotic character. -They breathe a senti• 
ment of loyalty to the devotion 
to the rights and interests of all the States, at the 
same time that they manifest an earnest desire to 
make every reasonable and honorable concession 
in order to reconcile the discontented States,and 
to maintain this Union as a whole; In doing all 
this, it is just to say of them do not 
wish to be understood as countenancing, to any 
extent whatever, the -recent movements of disso- 
lotion of this Union. Upon these movements 
they look with deep displcasure, and are deeply 
grieved with the spirit in ',vhich these movements 
are pursued; but they go on to say, in a spirit of 
candor and devotion to the country, that they will 
yield anything and -everything which their duty 
to the Constitution requires; that they regard the 
southern States as equals in this Confederacy; 
that they are prepared to maintain them in every 
right which is enjoyed by the northern States 
or the northern people, not only as members of 
thc Confederacy, but in the enjoyment and use of 
the common territories. They regard the proposi- 
tion of the honorable Senator from Kentucky as 
amounting simply to an equitable division of the 
Territories, and a guaranty to the weaker section 
of the Confederacy against aggressions in the fu- 
turc, the most effective mode of adjustment, and, 
at' the same time, involves the Icast sacrifice of 
position and prejudice on the part of any one. of 
the great parties that now control the political 
affairs of the country. 
Mr. President, with these few remarks, I pre- 
sent the memorial and proceedings; and I ask 
that the memorial be printed. 
Mr. CAMERON. I, also, have been charged 
with a petition similar to the one just presented 
by my colleague, by a committee of thirty-three 
workingmen, representing, as they say, a meeting 
of four thousand workingmen held at Independ- 
ence square in Philadelphia, on Saturday evening 
I have no doubt the men were there, and 
I have no doubt that they represent, to a great 
extent, thc feeling of Pennsylv4nia•, but thtit feel- 
ino• is not as represented by my colleague, as I 
understand hi_m here now. The other day, when 
this subject wras up, I had occasion to pay a com- 
pliment to my colleague for the speech delivered 
by him. I wished to say to the country that 
, although that speech was conciliatory, although 
it went yery to conciliate the South, none of 
the gentlemen on the other side of the House 
paid any attention to it. On account of what I 
said then, I am.charged with having indorsed the 
speech and the whole speech of my colleague. 
1 
said it was an able and a patriotic and a proper 
speech—I think those werc my words—but I did 
not say that i indorsed it, -for I never indorsed all 
his sentiments, and certainly I could not have in- 
dorsed the reasoning of this speech. 
I agreed 
with him thus far: I said that I indorsed his sen- 
timents in favor of the preservation of the Union. 
I say so now; I say everywhere, that I wilt make 
all reasonable concessions to save this Union from 
separation, with a hope thala proper response Will 
be rnet Wilh in the South. 
I look upon the question differently from my 
colleague in this respect: Ido not think that there 
are any offending States. 
I am sure the State of 
Pennsylvania has not offended her sister States. 
She has done noth inT buc what she would do again 
in the exercise of her constitutional rights. 1100k 
upon it in this way: the North have won the bat- 
tle on the great question of free and slave labor; 
they are the strong party, and they can afford to 
make concessions to the weaker, if concessions be 
desired; and all my remarks the other day, and 
all I shall say now, and all I shall continue to say 
upon this question, have been and will be based 
upon the idea that I am content to do anything 
that could honoraby be expected of me that will 
bring peace to this country and preventa separa- 
tion of the States; but before I act, I desire to 
know' that whatever concessions 1 and my con- 
stituents be disposed to make, will be received 
in the spirit in which brothers should receive 
crats, Republicans, and Americans, as are the I kindly treatment frorn their brothers. 
I warlt to 
working classes which they represent. They are know from the South whether anything that 
exceedingly anxious to be regarded in no party I can do will bring back t.o-their duty in the Union 
sense, burt simply as speaking for the class which tbosc who are leading this great rebellion south; 
they represent, 
ill refin•ence to the present im-I for 1.100k upon it as a rebellion. I am wi31ing to 
periled condition of the country. 
take the resolutions offered by the Senator from 
