636 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
January 30, 
morial that was presented by himself has not been 
.put;to the Senate; and inasmuch as a good deal 
that.has been said by Senators has been on other 
topics, the. Chair submits that it would be better 
to put that motion. 
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe the Senate- has 
not printed a memorial since I have been a mem- 
ber of-the Senate. 
Mr. FITCH. The question should go to the 
Committee on Printing, under the rule. 
The PRESIDING ORFICER. It will take 
that direction. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, 1 am 
honored by the request to present to the Senate 
a petition_sikned, as I am informed, by thirty-four 
hundred citizens of the State of Massachusetts, 
recommending the proposition which I have sub- 
mitted for the settlement of the difficulties which 
are now impending over -tho country. When I 
came in just now, Mr. President, I hoard my friend 
from New Hampshire—who was on the floor, in 
his usual pleasant and agreeable style, 
the Senate—allude to a dispatch which he had seen 
published, signed by myself and others, express- 
mg a.hope anil a belief that these difficulties would 
in some manner or other be adjusted by the pres- 
ent Congress. 
I do entertain that hope, sir; and 
that hope is encouraged and cherished in me, not 
only by the anticipation which 1 have that that 
patriotic gentleman himself may give assistance 
to such a settlement before the conclusion of the 
session, but i find a further and a higher exhor- 
tation to that faith in the various petitions from 
the people that are coming up to this body. The 
heart of the country desires a settlement. I hope 
it •.vill be made; and I hope, as we met here, so 
that will send a thrill of joy throughout all this 
country. I move that the l)etition be read and 
It is very short. 
The Secretary read the petition, as follow% 
To the honorable the Senate and 
House of Representati•ucs in Congress assembled: 
The undersigncil, citizens of the State of Massachusetts, 
believing that. •the proposition 01' Ilon. J. J. CRITTENDEN, 
01' Kentuc,ky, presents a practical basis för the, settlornent 
of the questions now disturbing the peace of the country, 
The petition was ordered to lie on the table. 
PDTITIONS AND Mih10RIALS. 
Mr. SIMMONS presented a petition of im- 
porting merchants of the city of New York, pray- 
mg that the tariff bill maybe postponed until the 
next session of Congress; which was referred to 
the select committee on the tariff. 
Mr. RICE presented a petition of citizens of 
Stearns und Todd counties, in Minnesota, pray- 
ing the establishinent of a mail route from St. 
Cloud, Minnesota, to Janesville, Wisconsin; 
which was referred to the Committee on the Post 
Office and Post Roads. 
He also presente(l a petition of citizens of St. 
Cloud, praying tho establishment of a mail route 
fi•om St. Cloud, Minnesota, to Superior City, 
Wisconsin; which was referred to the Committee 
on the Post Office and Post Roads. 
He also presented a petition of citizens of Su- 
perior City, Wisconsin, praying the establish- 
mentofa weekly mail route from St. Cloud, Min- 
neeota, to Superior City, Wisconsin; which was 
referred to the Committee on thc Post Office and 
Post Roads. 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, 1 present the 
petition of William Fitch, a mastcrof the fishing 
vessel William A. Wilbur. The petition is also 
and by divers of their crews, all citizens of Con- 
necticut, engaged in fishing on tho southern coast, 
ida, settinrr forth that thcir vessels have been 
seized, and that they have been compelled to pay 
from two hundred to three hundred dollars, or 
suffer imprisonment, in order to obtain a license 
from the State of Florida. They say that they 
have been engaged in this business for many 
years; they have a license under the laws of the 
United States ; •and arc pursuing, as they suppose, 
a lawful and proper business. They have caught 
no fish, and have not fished in the rwaters of 
compapying it, be referred -to the Committee on 
the Judißiafy. 
The motiop was agreed to. 
PRINTING OF BILLS. 
On motion of Mr. KING, it was 
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 550) to authorize the.em- 
aployment of volunteers, to aid in enforcing the laws, ahd 
on Military Affairs and Militia yesterday, be printed. 
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was 
Oi•dered, That the bill (S. No. 553) for the better organi- 
zation of the militia of the District of Columbia be printed. 
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval 
Affaii•s, to whom ••,vas referred a report of the Sec- 
retary of• the Navy, made in compliance with a 
resolution of the Senate of June 23, 1860, calling 
for information upon various subjects pertaining 
to the naval cstablishment,submitted a motion to 
print the report; which was referred to the Com- 
mittec on Printinff. 
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the Ju- 
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 
356) for the relief of thc creditors of Daniel B. 
Vondersmith , reported it without amendment, and 
submitted an adverse reDort•, which was ordered 
to be printed. 
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committec on Finance, 
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 864) 
making apprqn•iations for the consular and diplo- 
matic expenses of the Govcrnment for the year 
ending June 30, 1862, reported it with amend- 
ments; which were ordered to be printed. 
He also, from the same committee, to whom 
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 892) making ap- 
propriations for the legislative, executive, and 
judicial expenses of the Government for the year 
ending June 30, 1862, reporLcd it with amendments; 
which were ordered to be prin tcd. 
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili- 
tary Affairs and Militia, to whom wus referred a 
report of thc Secretary of War, communicating, 
in obediencc to law, statements showing tbc con- 
tracts made under the authority of that Depart- 
ment during the year 186(), submitted a motion to 
print the report; which was agreed to. 
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on the Post 
Ofiicc and Post Roads, to whom was referred the 
bill (S. No. 551) for thc relief ot• Hockaday & 
Ligglt, reported it without amendment. 
CAPTAIN SIMPSON'S REPORT. 
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso- 
lution; which was considered by unanimous con- 
sent, and agreed to: 
Resotued, Tlrat the Secretary of VVar be requestcd to 
transtnit to this body, a copy ot the report of Captain II. 
Sitnpson, of the Topographical Engineers, United States 
Artny, on his explorations across the Great nasin of Utah 
'Iterritory, tor a direct wagon route fronn Camp Floyd to 
Genoa, in Carson Valley, in 1859. 
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to give notice, that 
to-morrow, I shall ask the Senate to take up the 
Indian appropriation bill. 
Mr. FESSENDEN At what hour? 
Mr. PEARCE. At o'clock. 
F. M. DEAUCIIAMP AND BETSY D. TOWNSEND. 
Mr. POWELL. I move to takc up the bill for 
the reliefofF. M. Beauchamp and Betsy D. Town- 
send. 
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R. 
No. 919) for the relief of F. M. Beauchamp and 
Betsy D. Townsend, was considered as in Com- 
It proposes to release F. 
tucky district, and his father went his security in 
a bail bond in the penalty of $4,000. The boy 
did not make the bail bond was 
forfeited, and judgment was entered against the 
fatheF for the penalty of $4,000. Execution is• 
sued upon the judgment; and it was replevied by 
his mother-in-law, Betsy Townsend, going the 
security. Execution, I think, has now issued 
upon that replevin bond, and is levied upon all 
the property that is owned by this person. 
The House of Representatives passed the bill 
unanimously; and the Committee on the Post 
Offce and Post Roads of the Senate have recom- 
mended its passage here. if that bondis collected, 
it will utterly •beggar and bankrupt this old gen• 
tleman, who is a most worthy citizen.. In con- 
sequence of the extreme youth of his son, and 
the excessive bail, I think it a most meritorious 
case. The committee in the other House unani- 
mously reported in favor of its passage, the House 
unanimously passed it, and the Committee on the 
Post Offce and Post Roads of the Senate recom- 
mend its passacre. Without further remark, I 
hope the bill will be passed. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have listened to the Sen- 
ator from Kentucky, and, if I understand the 
ground upon which he puts this case, it will do 
away with the necessity of taking recoo•nizances 
or bail bonds in the future. 
It seems that a per- 
son was indicted for a criminal offense; he gave 
criminal offense; he failed to comply; he did not 
appear; his recognizance was forfeited; and now 
his security asks to be relieved—upon what 
poor, and it will be a hardship for him to pay the 
bond. That is all, except you may add one other 
offense, or charged with the commission of the. 
offense, was a young maw, and the son of the per- 
son who gave the bail. bond. It seems to me it 
is a most extraordinary case. 
I know the Sena- 
tor from Kentucky said that the amount of the 
bond was large, and hc proposes to release the 
party from the whole of it. If there was any ex- 
cessive bail required, the most that could be done 
would be to reduce the amount to a reasonable 
sum, if we were better capable of judging what a. 
reasonable snm was, than the court in Kentucky 
which fixed the amount. It seems to mo there is 
no reason in the world given for releasing those 
securities, except tho simplc one appealing to our 
sympathv; and if securities arc to bc released on 
that grou•nd, there will be no use hereafter in tak- 
ing bonds. That is all there is in this case. There 
are no spccial facts here. I have sent for the pa- 
pers, but have not had time to read them all; but 
I understand from the Senator from Kentucky, 
who advocates the claim, that that is all there is 
of it. 
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to the 
casc, without making an argument. 
If they are 
prepared to vote to release parties from their bail 
bonds on the ground that it is a hardship for the 
securities to pay them when the principals escape, 
be it so. The presumption would be that this 
young man was within the control of his father, 
and he can get a release from the bail bond by 
surrendering his son to answer the offense with 
which he is charged. 
'l'he PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair feels 
it to be his duty to call up the special order at this 
hour. 
Mr. POWELL. I move t.hat the special order 
be postponed until this bill be disposed of. It will 
take but a few minutes. 
M. Beauchamp and Betsy D. Townsend from the Mr. G WIN. I am willing that the special 
payment of the sum of $4,000, and all interest order shall go over infonually, 
thereon, being the principal ofa replevin bond ex- Mr. POWELL. That is all I ask. 
ecuted by Beauchamp, as principal, and Town- 
send, as his security, on the 21st Of November, 
MISSION OF PEACE FROM VIRGINIA. 
1860, payable to the United States. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. What is the special order 
Mr. TRUiVIBULL. Is there a report in that I 
at this time? 
case. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are two 
Mr. POWELL. There is no report; butl can 
special Orders. One is the Pacific railroad bill, 
state to the Senate in a very few words the merits which is the unfiliished business and has prece- 
of this case. A son of Mr. Béauchamp, for whose dence. The other is the motion to print the Pres- 
benefit this act is proposed, n. lad of sixteen and ident's message communicating the resolutions of 
a half years old, was placed in a little country the Virginia Legislature, on which the Senator 
store near the residence of his father in Kentucky, from North Carolina is entitled to the floor. 
league of the coast of Florida. Under these cir- 
I in which Store there was kept a post oihce. This Mr. CLINGMAN. As I understand from the 
cumstances, they ask the protection of thc Con- 
boy was charged with having taken from a letter chair that the Pacific railroad bill now takes pre- 
stitution and laws of the United States. 
I move in tho post offce twenty-six dollars. He was cedence, I do not wish to interfere with the anx- 
I indicted in the United States court for the Ken- I iety of Senator from California to dispose of 
that the petition, together with the affdavitß ac- 
