1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL E. 
that important measure, and I shall not make any 
motion •by which it will lose its precedence, if 
can have some. other opportunity of being heard 
briefly on the questions involved in the mesgacc. 
1 do not know what is the wish of the Senator 
from California. 
Mr. G WIN. All I have to say is, that I sup- 
pose the whole Senate want to dispose of the Pa- 
cific railroad bill to•day. I shall be, for one, and 
I suppose the whole Senate will be, greatly obliged 
to the Senator from North Carolina, if he will 
postpone his remarks to a future day. I think if 
we get at the railroad question at once, we can 
I shall not interfere with 
dispose of it very soon. 
him if hc wishes to go on to-day; but if he will 
name some other day, I shall be greatly obliged 
to him. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would suggest this: If 
I can have an opportunity of being heard even on 
Monday, I shall be willing to give way now. I 
will either give way, as is desired by the Senator 
from California, or go on whenever I get an op- 
portunity; but I prefer knowing now when I can 
be heai•d. If I can be heard on Monday, I shall 
be perfectly content. 
Mr. GWIN and others. Certainly. 
Mr. LATHAM. With the permission ofthe 
Senator from Nor.th Carolina, I will move to •post- 
pone the consideration of the President's message 
until to-morrow at one o'clock, at which time, if 
the Senator from •North Carolina is not ready to 
go on, I have a few remarks that I should like to 
submit to the consideration of the Senate. Of' 
course, if he be prepared to proceed then, I shall 
give way to him. I will also state, that if the Pa- 
cific railroad bill, or any other bill, shall then be 
unfinished, I will give way, of course; for I do 
not want to intcrfcrc with the rcgulat• discharge 
of the, business of this body. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 shall not interfere with 
the wishes of the Senator from California, if he 
desires to bc heard to-morrow; but if it is agree- 
able to tbc Senate, I will move to postpone the 
President's messacye until Monday, with the un- 
derst.anding that I shall then be heard. 
Mr. LA'THAM. 1 will state to the Senator 
that, if he shall not be in a condition to speak to- 
morrow when I conclude my remarks, I will 
move to postpone the subject until Monday, and 
give him an opportunity to be heard then. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 do not wish to 
fere with the honorable Senator to-morrow, if he 
comes here prepared to speak then, it' there can 
be an understanding that I can occupy the floor 
on Monday. If that will not interfere with any 
Senator, I hope that will be the understanding, 
and that on Monday at one o'clock I may speak 
on the subject. 
BEAUCHAMP AND TOWNSEND. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, there 
never was a case for charity, or for benevolence, 
or for softening the rigor of justice, that did not 
admit of exactly the argument which my friend 
from Illinois has made here. General principles 
and theories will cut down aH this beneficence on 
the part of society or on the part of legislation. 
The general theory, upon which thc gencfal rule 
is made, of course is sustained, theoretically, 
upon all these grounds. The application for par- 
ticular redress, or for particular indulgence, is 
founded upon the particular circumstances of the 
I case, and are not in conflict with the generarprin- 
ciples. 
It is easy to say, " If you grant the re- 
quest here, ou may set aside all your laws upon 
the subject. ' There is no soundness in the argu- 
ment, at all. 
Now, sir, here is an old man—I know him— 
an honest, worthy, plain old farmei•, whose ex- 
perience in the world has been pretty much lim- 
ited to his few acres of ground and the cultivation 
of them. A son of his is unfortunately betrayed 
into crime. •The father, by his natural feelings 
governing above and beyond all reason, becomes 
his bail. The son absconds. The father is left 
to the penalty of his bond. My friend says, let 
the penalty of the Government be exacted. If 
you exact it, as the petition shows, beside the 
mortification that has visited the honest household 
gular case. I kndwrthai tinder Very:similar Cir- 
once pi•ocured' bail 
for a person ,named Hinton, who fobbed the mail 
of some very large sum and ran away-j and left 
his sureties under circumstances thatwould -have 
ruined them utterly. A petition was préSented 
here, ånd that case went through, and r the bail 
were released. It was not a more equitable case 
than the present one. This is just such a case 
that there is not a Senator on. this floor, if the 
amount of this penalty wag to go to him, that 
would put it in his pocket. I would not do it. I 
do not believe there is a man here who would do 
it. will not exact that for the Government which 
an honorable man Would not exact for himself. -I 
therefore think it is a case in Which we ought to 
grant relief. I do not think it is a precedent that 
would be abused. For one, I would be willing, 
in any other case as equitable as this appears to 
be, to do just the same as I would here; and I 
would treat every case according to its intrinsic 
merits. 
1 hope the bill will be passed. 
The bill was reported to the Senate without 
amendment, and ordered to third reading. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to have the 
. yeas and nays on the bill. 
I think it does set a 
précedent. 
Mr. G WIN. Let us•have them on its passage. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. very well. While 1 am 
up, I 'Will say a word in reply to the Senator from 
of the old man for the crime of his son, his wife Ohio• He says he would not exact the collection 
and his other children are turned out of doors, 
and he is reduced to povertv. Sir, what father, 
under such circumstances, of the char- 
acter which I have described this old man to be, 
could do otherwise? Nature herself betrays him 
into it. The criminality of the son renders doubly 
severe this penalty upon him. The question is 
now, whether you, under these circumstances, 
will not rather that this petty, offense, so far as 
regards this old man, should go even unpunished 
than that he should be entirely and utterly ruined. 
That is the question. Let the Sentfte decide it. 
Mr. CLARK. Will honorable. Senator from 
Kentucky allow me to inquire whether the court 
had any power over this bail bond, to relieve it? 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir. The court had 
no power, and the President has no power. I was 
privy to the old man's visit all the way to this 
city. He carne this winter all the way from the 
uttermost part of Kentucky, to apply for mercy 
to the President of the United States. He Tiade 
I can tell the gentleman the 
his appeal to him. 
court had no power, and I can say to him that the 
President declined to interfere, because he was 
informed by the Attorney General that he had no 
It is for that reason that the subject is 
I brought before you. Let the Senate decide it. 
Mr. LA n HAM. I move, then, to postpone 
the messacre until to-morrow, at one o'clock; I Mr. HALE. I was on the comnlittec that re- 
I will say-to the. Senator, that if he does not feel ported this bill, or rather, I consented to the re- 
I agree with the honorable Senator from f 
like speaking, when finish, I will move, then, 
Ilinois, that there is no general principle upon • 
of a claim of this character, unless hc would put 
it in his own ocket. 
Mr. WAD . I did not say that. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. He asks, whowould take 
it and put it in his own pocket? None of us, I 
suppose. Can he ima&ine a case where he would 
take the money from a security, even of a mur- 
derer or anybody else, and put it in his own pocket? 
But public justice has something to do x.vith this 
question. You may imagine the most infamous 
crimc possible, and suppose the criminal has given 
security for his appearance at court; are you go- 
inc to release those securities? If you are, as a 
matter of course, in every case where, if the 
money was to be paid you would not take your- 
self, .1 think we had better repeal the laws under 
which security is taken in such cases. 
I do not 
wish the yeas and nays to be taken more than 
once, and I am entirely willing that they should 
be taken on the passage of the bill. 
The bill was read the third time. 
Tho PRESIDING OF'FICER. On the pas- 
sage of the bill the yeas and nays are demanded 
by the Senator from Illinois. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 state one other 
fact in connection r,vith this sub.ject. There is no 
report whatever. We are passing a bill on the 
statement of a-Senatoz• here that it is a hardship 
to the party. I do not question the statement; 
but no report has been read, and there are no facts 
It seems to me the most extraor- 
which this bill can be placed. It is an exceptional in regard to it. 
to postpone it until Monday, at one o'clock. 
dinary case that I have ever seen passed in the 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Now,ifgentlemen have 
case, and rests upon the same ground as another 
Senate. 
made their private arranffements, I wish to make 
1 understand this man 
case that has been passed. 
Mr. POWELL. I will say to the honorable 
a few remarks—and they shall be very few—on 
i has the sympathies and the recommendations of 
Senator, that this bill has passed the lower House 
the bilk which was brought before the Senate upon the Governor of Kentucky and of the Legislature 
unanimously, and that there was a report made 
the motion of mv colleague. 
The PRESIDING OfrFICER. The question 
now is on postponincruntil tormori•ow the motion 
to print the President's messace. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 do not wish to lose the 
I do not desire to press myself on the Sen- 
floor. 
ate now. 1 know the Senator from California 
desires to speak to-morrow, and I will give way 
to him; but I hope there will be no objection to 
my occupying the floor on Monday, at one o 'clock, 
if i give way now. Certainly not. "] 
The motion to postpone was agreed to. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, 1 only 
wish to say a word or two in reply to my friend 
from Illinois. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Kentucky will allow the Chair a moment. 
The Chair has not yet put the question to the , 
Senate, whether they will postpone the other or- 
ders for the purpose of disposing of this bill. 
There is another prior-order to be disposed of. 
Mr. G WIN. Letit be passed over informally. 
It can be taken up when the bill is through. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be 
considered as the sense of the Senate, unless ob- 
jected to. 
of Kentucky, and he has the warin sympathies of 
by the committcc of the House of Representa- 
both the venerable and the youthflil Senators from 
tives, which is with the bill. 
I havo stated sub- 
Kentucky, and they have made such representa- 
stantially the facts, however, and thought it un- 
tions to me, not as have convinced my judgrnent, 
necessary to call for the reading of the report. 
I shall put it on the same i 
but curried my heart. 
MG. BAKER. Allow me to ask the Senator 
ground that I should the case of an old man beg- from Kentucky a question. 
I see that it is a re- 
ging for the pardon of his son, who had been be- 
plevin bond. Is it according to the practice of 
trayed into crime, except that in this case the con- 
sequences of his iniquity, if you insist upon this your State to take a recognizance or a bail bond ? 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The had 
bond, will be visited upon the head of the old man I 
sued upon the forfeited recoo•nizance, and the 
instead of the offender. Therefore, though I con- 
property taken was replevied. 
fess, as a general principle, it cannot be defénded, 
MI'. BAKER. There i.s no foundation for the 
1 shall put it as an exceptional case, and give it 
debt, as I understand it, except the obligation of 
my vote, and hope the Senate will pass it. 
securityship on the criminal prosecution ? 
Mr. POWELL. 1 will the Governor 
of Kentucky has written a letter, which is with 
thc papers, in which he states that he has exam- 
ined the whole case, and were it within his juris- 
! I dict.ion, he would remit the whole of the fine. 
I will further state that this old gentleman has paid 
•i all the costs, which were quite heavy. 
Mr. WADE. I was on the committee that re- l, 
ported this bill, and looked into this case a little. 
Perhaps upon strict, rigid, leanl grounds, we could 
not release this obligation; but, sir, it is an ad- 
I dress to the equity OF the Senate. 
It is nota sin- 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir. 
The question being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 40, nays 2; as follows: 
VEAS—Messrs. Anthonv, 
Baker, Ih•azg, Bright, Cam- 
cron. Chandler, Clark, C\iugnnan, Crittendeu, Dixon, Doug- 
Ias, Durkee, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Green,Gritnes, 
Gwin, Hale, I-I anan, Phil], Johnson of Arkansas, John- 
son of'rcnnes•see, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,Masou, Nichol- 
Polk, Powell, Rice, Saulsbut•y, Sebastian, Seward, 
son. 
Te;; Eyck, 'I'hmnson, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—40. 
N AYS—Messrs. King, and 
So the bill was passed. 
