638 
RAILROAD TO PACIFIC. 
On motion of Mr. GWIN-, the Senate resumed 
the- consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 701)' to 
secure contracts, and make- provision for the safe, 
certain, and more speedy transportation; by rail- 
road, of mails, troops, munitions of war, military 
and nivai stores, between the Atlantic States and 
those of the Pacific, and for other •purposes, the 
pending question being on Concurri1P in the 
amendment made as in Committee of the Wholé, 
in section four, line forty-seven, after the word 
"_States," to insert: 
And no• mortgage or construction bonds shall cvcr be is- 
sued Eby said company on said road, or Inortgage or lien 
made in any way; except to the United States. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I would like to suggest to 
the: Senator from Massachusetts to put in "with- 
out the consent of Congress. " 
I think that would 
improve it, Let them make no lien or mortgage 
without the consent of Congress. 
Mr. WILSON. 1 will say to the 
Rhode Island, that I have reflected upon that 
point somewhat, and I fear that if that should be 
Inserted, Congress would be overrun with persons 
asking our consent to enable them to make such 
If it is to be amended, if the Senate 
a mortgage. 
believes that it ought not to stand in the form in 
which it is, think that instead of bringing it to 
Congress, it should provide that no mortgage shall 
be made "without the consent of a majority of 
the stockholders, in number and amount," ' 
so that 
the matter will be, after all, in the hands of the 
masses of the stockholders, 
I will move that amendment, if 
nobody else will. My object is not to put an in- 
surmountable obstacle in the way of negotiating 
loans. I believe a majority of the stockholders 
themselves would agree to a loan, if it was neccs- 
sary. 
Mr. CHANDLER. The action of the board 
of directors is the action of the stockholders, be. 
cause the directors represent them, and the (lil•cct- 
ors are renewed from ycat• to year. The stock- 
holders in this road will be scattered from Texas to 
Maine, and from Catiförnia to New York. 
almost a prohibition to re•qui're it to be submitted 
to the stockholders themselves, 
It seems to mc 
that this would be a useless obstacle in the way 
of negotiations. I think the proposition had better 
be rejected, fin• I think a proviso of this kind wili 
bc u 'futa\ obstacle to the building of the road. 
Mr. SIMMONS. i hope this proposition wiil 
not be rejected. I do not want to havö a propo- 
sition there that will embarrass the road at all. 
What I desire is, either that the consent of Con- 
gress shall be had, authorizing the issue of bonds 
and the giving of a mortgage, 01' that a certain 
amount (if* money shall be actually paid in and 
expended by the stockholders on :.he road, bcforc 
they can make a mortga«ye. At least 
clear money should be paid in and expended on 
this road, before they should be allowed to make 
any cc. 
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will accept 
a proposition t bat twenty or thirty millions of 
their money .shall be expended first, will move it. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Then propose that no loan 
shall be made by the directors of this company 
and secured by rnortgage on the road, unless 
of private subscriptions of the stock 
have been actually paid in and expended on the 
road; and then I '.vill agree to let them borrow. 
Mr. WILSON. on each line? 
Mr. SIMLVIOLNS. Yes, on any one road. If 
there are three to be built, make that provision 
for all; and then we have some security for the 
money we lend them. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendrnent of the Senator from Califor- 
nia to thc ameodment. 
*Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose the Senator from 
lassachusetts will accept the amendment I oftZ'k'. 
Mr- WILSON* Certainly. want. the money 
paid in. 
PRESIDINGOFFiCER. Theamcndment 
of the Senator from California is to add to the 
ammodment made in Committee of tbe Whole, 
the words 
' without the consent of a majority of i 
the stockholders in number and amount of stock. 
Mr. CHANDLER. it should be 
: unless 
been subscribed and paid in and 
Mr. SIMMONS* 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 30, 
sha\ L?have been paid in on each of the. roads, of 
the ockholders' money." 
Mr. CHANDLER. to amend it so 
as to read: 
No mortgage or eonstruction bonds shall ever be issued 
by said company on said road, until. shall have 
been subscribed and expcndcd. 
Mr. G WIN. I believe I called for the yeas 
and nays; but I will not ask for them on the 
amendment in that form. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment to the amendment. 
Mr. G WIN. I believe thåt i9 accepted by the 
Senator from Massachusetts. 
MT. WILSON. Yes, sir. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot be 
accepted without a vote of the Senate. The ques- 
tion must be put. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 withdraw the call yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
nays have not been ordered on the amendment to 
the amendment. 
The amendment to the amendment was agreed 
to. 
Mr. LANE. 1 should like to hear 
ment read as it has been amended. 
The Secretary read it, as follows; 
And no mortgage or construction bonds shall ever be, 
issued, by said coinpany on said road, until $30,000,000 
shall have been subscribed and expended. 
Mr. LANE. That is right. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and 
nays have been ordered on the amendment. 
Mr. GW[N. leave to withdraw the call. 
'l'he PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous 
consent the call for the yeas and nays may be 
dispensed with. 
No objection." ] 
'llhe amendment as amended was concurred in. 
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment, 1 believe, 
is as to thc northern route. 
I think that is the 
only one rcnnainincy. 
Mr. WILSON. I move a reconsideration of 
the vote adopting the last amendrnont, fbr the pur- 
pose sitnply of making a slight change to reach 
the object which •was intended. It ought to read 
in this form: 
And no mortgage or construction bonds shall ever be 
issued by said cornpauy on said roud, or mortgage or lien 
Inade in any way except to the United States, until 
shall have been subscribed and expended on 
each of the roads provided by this act. 
That applies to the central, southern, and north- 
ern routes. 
Mr. G WIN. There is no objection to it in 
that form . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no 
objection, the vote will be regarded as reconsid- 
ered , and the amendment concurred in, in the mod- 
ified form now proposed by the Senator from 
Massachusetts. Agreed P' 
The PRESIDING OFFIC The question 
now before the Senate is on concurrintr in the 
l.unendrnent submitted by the Senutor from Min- 
nesota, [Mr. WILRINSON.] 
Mr. G WIN. 'l'hat is the amendment provid- 
ing for the northern road. 
I will sill)ply ask for 
the yeas and nays on that amendrncnt. 
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 19; as follows: 
Ant-bony, Bingham, Bright, Chandler, 
Clark, Collamer, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkpe, Fessenden, 
Fitch, Foot, Hale, Johnson ot• Arkansas, King, Lane, Mor- 
rill, Powell, Rice, Sebasfian, Simtnons, Sumner, 'I'en Eyck, 
'1'ruli2huli, VVadc, Wilkinson, and VVilson—27. 
NAYS—Mcssrs. Baker 
, Biglet, B rat'% Clingtnan, Crit- 
tendon, Dixon, Foster, Gritncs, (hvin, Ilarlan, 
ill, 
Joh nson ot"l'en nessee, Kennedy, Latham, Nicholson, Polk, 
Saulsbury, Seward, an(l VVigl'all—19. 
So the amendment was concurred in. 
Mr. G WIN. believe we have now got through 
with all the amendments; and I hope the bill will 
be put on its passage. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is 
still open to amendment. 
Mr. RICE. I am informed that, in Order to 
perfect the bill, one or two verbal amendments 
should be made to it. 
I hope my colleague will 
have an opportunity to offer them. 
Mr. GMTIN. hope he will do it at once. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 should like to have it lie 
over until tö-morrows in order to have an oppor- 
tunity to examine it. 
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 want to make onc or 
two verbal amendments to that portion ofthébill 
which was inserted on my motion. 
Mr. BAKER. As the amendments are merely 
verbal, I presume it Will not be necessary to read 
them. 
Mr. G WIN. I slippose there is no objection 
to them. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
ments will be read. 
Tbc Secretary read the •first amendment: To 
strike out, in the first section of the amendment 
offered by Mr. WILKINsoN,'-providing for anorth- 
ern route, thc words: 
" 'l'o the northern border of California; thence to the 
amount of' six alternate sections per mile, on each side of 
said railway line, as said company may adopt, to the Pfl- 
cifie shore at or near San Francisco." 
and to insert, in lieu thereof* the words: 
'l'o the western termination of said road. 
So that the clause will read: 
And there is granted to said cOnipany undertaking to 
build said road, six alternate sections of land per mile on 
each side of such railroad line as said company may adopt 
from Lake Superior to the western border of Minnesota, 
and from thence to the amount o? ten alternate sections 
per mile on each side of' such railway line as said company 
may adopt to the western termination of said road. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was, in the next section 
of the amendment, to strike out the words San 
Francisco, 
and to insert " Puget Sound and 
so that it will read: 
Portland, Oregon 
That whenever said company, undertaking to construct 
said railway from Lake Superior to P uuet Sound and Port- 
land, Oregon, shalt have fifty miles •of said railroad and 
telegraph line ready for the service contemplated, Ec. 
The amendment v,'as agreed to. 
fllhe amendments were ordered to be engrossed, 
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read 
the third time. 
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays 
on the final passage of the bilL 
'Ithe yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll on the 
passage of the bill. 
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, 1 desire to be 
indulged in a single remark before casting my 
vote on this bill. 
It is well known that I have 
favored the construction of a railroad to the Pa- 
cific. am now in favor of any reasonable measure 
to accomplish that end; but, under all the circum- 
stances, and in the condition of the country, 
cannot vote for a bill conternplating the construc- 
tion of three roads. 
I therefore vote in the nega- 
tive. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. Ido not know that it is 
usual, but I ask to be excused from voting. I am 
in favor, as I have already said, ofa Pacific rail- 
road; but I think it is improper to pass a bill. to 
pledge the aid of the Governmerit to the construc- 
lion of three roads.. Nor do i wish to have the 
appearance of avoiding voting upon it. 
I there- 
fore ask to be excused from votin&. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish simply to say that 
I am in favor of one railroad to t.he Pacific, and 
am ready to vote for it at any time that a reason- 
able bill can be presented. 
I am not in favor, at 
the present time, of the Government engaging in 
the construction of two or thvee roads. 
1 think 
it is more than the Government can undertake in 
the present position of things, and more than it 
ought to undertake; consequently, I shall vote 
in the negative. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 beg leave to say, 
in explanation. of my vote in favor of thc passaÜe 
of this bill, that I do so in compliance with in- 
structlons from the Legislature of rny State, to 
which I always yield a respectful obedience. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. As I do not 
expect, any appropriation to be rnade hereafter for 
the southern road, and I do expect the northern 
road to be built, I think there is good ground for 
changing my vote for the passage of the bill; but 
as I am instructed by my Legislature to vote for 
the bill, I shall vote for it simply for that reason, 
, E and no other. 
Mr. RICE. I-le is to do so. 
The resuit was then announced—yeas 37, nays 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 should like to know if this 14; as follows: 
bill has been printed as amended? 
YEA S—Nicssrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Bright, Catn- 
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir; except the last amend. eron, Chandler, Clark, Coilamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doo- 
, i little, Douglas, I)urkee, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Gritnes, Gwin, 
ments that huve been added to jt. 
flake, I-iar;an, Hemphill, Johnson of A tkans•as, Kennedy, 
