THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 20 SESSION. 
it out; and if the Senator from Illinois desires that, 
he ought to vote against it. For myself, I think 
it just and proper. The last clause, I think, was 
copied from his own bill with this additional pro- 
vision. The latter one to which he has called the 
attention of the Senate, in my opinion, is copied 
from his bill; but I shall not be positive about it 
until the bill is brought here. I have sent to the 
Library for it. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The answer of the Senator 
from Missouri, it strikes rne, does not meet the 
If anybody ••,vant.s to vote against such a 
point. 
clause, the Senator says let him move to strike it 
out. I suppose that is a liberty we have on every 
provision; but it is unusual to put it in. I do not 
suppose you have got a limitation in the bill that 
there shall be no law passed impairing the obliga- 
tion of contracts; and still you might say, if any- 
body wanted to vote for such a provision, let him 
vote against the bill. There is no provision in the 
bill that there shall not be an established Church. 
There is no provision that trial by jury shall pre- 
vail. There are a great many omissions to put in 
provisions on matters which the Constitution itself 
would regulate if they were not inserted. I sup- 
pose these words, Nor shall any law be paséed 
Impairing the rights of private property, ' have 
peculiar reference to some matters of dispute in 
do not 
party politics as to territorial power. 
hold that a Territorial Legislature can impair any 
rights of property at all. The question is, what 
provisions do impair rights of property, anci what 
the rights of property are? What are rights of 
property, I suppose the Constitution will protect. 
I shall not object to those words, for I think the 
courts would give them a reasonable construc- 
tion; the same. construction I now give, and I have 
no objection to that. But, when you come to the 
provision that they shall not discriminate in taxa- 
ation in different kinds of property, it is saying 
that all kinds of property shall bc taxed at the 
same rate, and that there shall be no exemption 
from taxation of any description of property. I 
do not know a legislative body in the world that 
does not discriminate. Every one of the States 
discriminates; they put low taxes upon some arti- 
cles, high taxes upon others, and none at all upon 
others. 
If that is a correct system in the States, I (10 
not know why we should not leave the 'Territo- 
ries free to adopt it. It strikes me that there are 
palpable necessities for it. There are descriptions 
of property that require encouragement, and that 
I should be 10th to sec 
the States do encouracrc. 
them compelled to tax the property belonging to 
agricultural societies—the fair grounds, for in- 
stance—at the same ratc as other property. I 
should be sorry to compel them to tax cemeteries, 
churches, school-houses, and school-books, at the 
same rate as other property. But here you com- 
pel them to say that all these shall be taxed, and 
that asylums for the insane and for the unfortu- 
nate shall be taxed; that mechanics' tools shall 
be taxed; that these descriptions of property shall 
all be taxed the same as property m land and ill 
town lots—the same as property ill ardent spirits, 
and in other' articles that we might think It not 
I think we ought to leave a 
wise to encourage. 
Wisc and just discretion in every legislative body 
to discriminate between t.he various kinds of prop- 
erty. I have always held that opinion. These 
I merely call the attention of the 
are my ideas. 
Senate to the matter. 
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President— 
Mr. COLLAMER. I inquire ',vhat is the 
question ? 
1 
Mr. MT i LSON. I propose to make one. 
propose to strike out all of the sixth section after 
the word " residents," in the ninth line. Ido not 
see the necessity of having those words there. I 
agree with the Senator from Illinois in regard to 
them. I think thev are liable to misconstruction. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The words 
proposed to be stricken out will be read. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
Nor shall any law be passed ixnpairinc the rights of pri- 
vate property ; nor shall any discrnnination be made in 
41 
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1861. 
taxing different kinds of property; but all taxation shall bc 
in proportion to the value of the property taxed. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. If those words be stricken 
out, it will.stand as the Kansas and Nebraska bill 
stood. That section in the Kansas-Nebraska bill 
stopped at the word residents." By striking 
out this clause, we leave it in the same words 
precisely; and in that respect there was nothing 
peculiar in the Kansas-Nebraska bill. 
It was 
according to the acts of 1850, and the acts that 
preceded those of 1850, from the foundation of 
the Government. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 the design of the Senator 
from Illinois. 
It is to introduce a subject of con- 
troversy, when there is no occasion for it. Are 
these provisions right, or are they wrong, in the' 
judgment of the Senate ? 
If they are wrong, they 
should be stricken out; if they arc right, 
they 
should be retained. Is there a Senator here who 
will say they are wrong? Ouerllt the legislative 
power ofa Territory to be invested with author- 
lty to impair the rights of private property? I do 
not say what is property; Ido not say that a slave 
is property in the Territory; I do not touch the 
question of slavery in any respect whatever; I 
purposely left it out to avoid controversy; and I 
am sorry to see it introduced, unadvisedly, when 
'llhe latter provision, 
there is no occasion for it. 
I am satisfied, copied either from the Kansas- 
Nebraska bill, or some other territorial.law on the 
—I mean the clause prohibiting dis- 
statute-book 
crimination in the taxation of different kinds of 
property. It simply establishes a rule that they 
shall not tax A at fifty per cent. and B at one per 
but that property shall be taxed according 
cent. ; 
to its value, whether it be a mule, a horse, or real 
cstatc, the ad valorcm system, not per capita, on the 
head; nor does it prohibit them from having a cap- 
itation tax; it leaves them to assess that. It sim- 
ply says property shall be taxed alike; but it docs 
not say all property shall be taxed; it does not 
say school-books shall be taxed; it does not say 
school-houses shall be taxed; it does not say 
churches shall be taxed; it does not say public 
property shall be taxed; but it says that whatever 
property is taxed shall be taxed alike, and there 
shall be no discrimination. The same provision is 
in the constitution of the Slate of Missouri and yet 
we exempt churches, for we are a church-goincr 
people; we exemptschool-houses, because we love 
learning, and feel the need of it; we exempt pub- 
lic libraries, because we Wish to encouracre read- 
ing. A provision is in the constitution of Mis- 
souri that all property shall be taxed in proportion 
to its value, no discriminations being rnade; and 
yet wc make these exceptions. 
Now, sir, if I had introduced ma clause saying 
they should protect slaves, I should have expected 
controversy; but when I have sirnply proposed a 
provision which secures the people, and the whole 
people, who may settle there, in the enjoyment of 
their it seems to me that iL ought to l*ss 
without uny controversy. 
While 1 am up, I will name another change 
which I have made, to which I will call the atten- 
I have struck 
tion of the Senator from Illinois. 
out that proviso wphich says, that •wrhen admitted 
as a State, they shall be admitted with or without 
slavery, as their constitution at the time may 
NEW SERIES..... NO. 41. 
tice in the taxation of property, and in tbc exer- 
cise of the powers of the Territory. If that be 
wrong, then the provision should be stricken out. 
Mc. DOUGLAS. It is entirely gratuitous on 
the part of the Senator from Missouri, to talk 
about my having a design when simply called 
attention to an unusual provision in a territorial 
I do not know that I should have deemed 
that necessary but for the fact that he had stated 
that the bill was in the usual form and lan=uage. 
I happened, by accident, to let my eye fall upon 
two very unusual provisions, that are not to be 
found in other bills, and I thought it was due, in 
fairness, to call the attention of the Senate to 
those provisions, and let them judge of them. 1 
did not intend to make any point upon the sub- 
ject, except that it might control my vote. 
not object to the one that he argues about impair- 
ing the rights of private property; for I have no 
idea that a Territorial Legislature has any such 
power, whether you thus restrict them or not; 
but did call especial attention to the provision 
that they shall not discriminate between different 
kinds of property in taxation. Now, the Sena- 
tor asks vv'hether or not anybody objects to that 
provision that they shall not discriminate? re- 
peat, there is nota legislative body on earth under 
the direction of Christian people, so far as I know, 
that does not discriminate. 
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator will allow me— 
for I do not desire to consume any time in reply 
—I will read from the Washington territorial 
bill: 
SEC. 6. und be it further enacted, That the legislative 
power of the 'Territory shall extend to all rightful silbject8 
ot• legislation not inconsistent with the Constitution and 
laws of' the United States; but no law shBkl be passed inter- 
taring with the primary disposal of the soil ; no tax shah be 
imposed upon the property of the United States; nor shall 
the hands or other property of non-residents be taxed higher 
than thc lands or other property of residents. All the laws 
passed by the Legielative Assembly shall be submitted to 
the Congress of the United States, and if disapproved, shall 
be null and of no effect; Provided, That nothing in this 
act shall be construed to give power to incorporate a bank, 
or anv institution with banking powers, or to borrow money 
in this name of the Territory, or to pledge the ftith of the 
people of' the same for any loan whatever, cither direetly 
or indirectly. No charter uranting any privilege of making, 
issuing, or puttint' into circulation, any notes or l.ills in 
the likeness of bank notes, or any bonds, scrip, drafts, bills 
of exchange, or obligations, or grantincr any other 
powers or privileges, shall be passcd by the Legislative 
Assembly; nor shall the establishinent of any branch or 
agency 01' any such corporation, derived from other author- 
ity, be allowed in said Territory; nor Ghali said Legislative 
Assernbl.v authorize the issue of any obligation, scrip, or 
evidenec of debt by said Territory, iH any rnode or manner 
whatcver, except certificates iör services to said Territory ; 
and all such laws, or any law or laws inconsistent with the 
provisions of this act, shall be utterly nun and void; and 
all taxes be equal and uniform; and no distinction 
shall be madc in the assessments between different kinds 
of property, but the assessments shall be according to the 
value thereof. To avoid irnpropcr influences, which 'nay 
result ft•orn the intermixing in the one and the saanc act 
such things as have no proper relation to each other, every 
law shan ernbrace but one object, and that shall be express 
in the title. "—aces of the United States, first session Thir- 
tieth Congress. 
Mr. DOUGLAS The Senator bas found, in 
the whole range of territorial organization, one 
instance of the kind. The general rule is the other 
way. I called attention to it because it was a de- 
parturc frorn the general rule on that subject—I 
I have shown that 
think, an unwise departure. 
I take that to be a truism, too; I take in a large class of cases, it is usual in the States, 
prescribe. 
that to be a constitutional thing, too; and yet hc for wise purposes, to discriminate between differ- 
ent kinds of properly. 
deemed it important to put that into the Kansas- 
It' it be a constitutionui right, and T hc Senator has now in troduccd the subjcct of 
Nebraska bill. 
the slavcry question, and says that we want to 
in accordance with the practice of the. Govern- 
I propose to leave 
ment, why put that in? Tho question may be discriminate on that subject. 
that, so far as the power of taxation is concerned, 
asked, why strike it out? I will tell you: to avoid 
controversy. Everybody knows that this is not where I leave every other kind of property; but 
I must be permitted to tell that Sonator that, in a 
a country adapted to slavery as perruanent in- 
, discrimination on that question, if the Territorial 
stitution. Everybody knows there never will bc 
Hence, I deemed it unnecessary to Legislature saw fit to make it, it would follow the 
a slave there. 
example of nearly every slaveholding State in 
put it thcrc to irritate, when it could do no good. 
II this Union, if not every one. 
It is not usual in 
' Dhc provisions which have put in do not irri- 
tate; they hurt nobody's feelings; and the Sena- the slaveholding States to tax slave propertv ac- 
tor frozn Illinois, I think, was unnecessarily sen- cordino• to the same ratio that they tax other prop- 
ertv. In Virginia there is that discrimination. 
E•le supposed that wras 
sitive on the subject. 
striking at sorne peculiar dogma of hig own, when I Slave propertv is not taxed on the same rule, and 
according to t"he same ratio, as other property. I 
It is sitnply to establish a rule of jus- 
it is not. 
