THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
642 
January 30, 
understand that to be one of the questions some- 
times raised between eastern and western Vir- 
ginia. In North Carolina slave property is com- 
It is not taxed 
parati vely exempt from taxation . 
accordino• to the same rule and the same manner 
as other property; and the question of ad calorem, 
that divided that State last year, involved this very 
principle. The Senator from Missouri is now 
zncorporating into this territorial bill the very 
principle that a majority of the people of North 
Carolina repudiated in the contest that took place 
last August in that State. I understand this same 
discrimmation between slave property and other 
property is made in nearly évery slaveholding 
State, if not in every one; and now we are told 
that the Territories may not make that discrimi- 
nation which the slaveholding States themselves 
make for the benefit ot that institution. 
I föél no interest in this question. I merely call 
attention to it to show that it is a departure from 
the pk•inciples of legislation both in the frec States 
and the slaveholding States; a restriction R„vhieh 
neither class of States imposes upon their 
If the Senate, then, choosc to put this 
lature. 
restriction on the power ot' the "Ilerrilorial Legis- 
lature, let it done. 
Mr. GREEN. I undcrstand it is the part of 
the acre, to procyress, to improvc as we advance. 
On the original territorial bills, perhaps such a 
provision was not found; but the Senator from 
Illinois, while chairman of that committee, made 
rapid strides, and he was the first to introduce 
that identical provision. I ask the Secretary to 
read the provision in the bill making distinctions 
between different kinds of property. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
Nor shall any law be passed nnpairing tho rights of pri- 
vate property; nor shall any discrimination bo naade in 
taxing different kinds of property. 
Mr. GREEN. Now, here, in the Oregon bill, 
is this provision: 
"SEC. 6. .nnd be it further enacted, That the Legislative 
power of the 'Lten•itocy shall c.xtend to all rightful subjects 
of leui'Qation not iljconsistent with the Constitution and 
but no law shall be passed in- 
laws ot• the United States ; 
terfcring with the pri•nary disposal of the soil ; no tax shall 
be imposed upon the property of the United States ; nor 
shalt lands or othcr property of non-residents bc taxed 
higher than the lands or other property of residents. All the 
laws pa•ssed by the Legislative Assunbly shall be sulnnitted 
to the Congress of the United States, and it' disapproved, 
Shall be null aud of no efliBct: Provided, 'I'lrat nothing in 
this act shall be construed to give power to incorporate a 
bank or any institution with banking powers, or to borrow 
money in the nalne 01' the 'I'erritory, or to pledgc the Riitb 
of the people of the sani(.) for _any loan whatever, directly 
or indirectly. No charter granting any privilege of making, 
issuing, or putting into circulation any notes or bills in 
ghee!ikeness of bank notes, or any bonds, scrip, drafts, bills 
of exchange, or obligations, or granting any other banking 
powers or privileges, shall be passed by the Legislative As- 
scmbly ; nor shall the Dt•any hranch or a"eney 
of any *ttch corporation, derived i'rmn other authority, be 
allowed in said 'i'erritory , nor shall said Legislative 
senibly authorize t11C issue any obligation, scrip, or evi- 
dence of debt, by said 'I 'erritory, in any rnode or nuanner 
whatever, except certificates service to said 'l'crritory. 
And all such laws, or any law or inconsistent witli 
be utterly null and void. 
the provisions this act, shall 
I and uniüjruj, and no (listinc- 
And all taxes shall be 
assessinents between (litil'tent 
tions shall be made in the 
kinds ot- property, but the assesstuent.:3 shall be according 
to the value thereof. 'l'o avoid itnproper influernces, ivhich 
may rcsult fronn intcnui.xing in one and the same act such 
things as have proper relation to each other, every law 
shall ctnbrae,e but one object, and that shall bc c.xpressed 
Statutes at 'I'llirty-Se.eot1d Congress, 
in the title.)' 
second session, p. 175. 
In the Washington 
That is in the Oregon bill. 
territorial bill there is the same provision, which 
I read, and the satnc principle precisely which is 
in this bill now, and to which the Senator takes 
exception. I followe(l the Wisc example of my 
predecessor; and if it be wrong now, the tutor is 
I hold the prin- 
to be l.)tamed, and not the pupil. 
It is in our State con- 
ciple to be right and just. 
that point, was unnecessary; for it was not dc- 
was passed in 1848, and no exception was taken 
to that provision. 
signed, as he will see by comparing it with his 
own bills, to introduce any subject of controversy. t Mr. DOUGLAS. I stated at the timé*nthat it 
I can say, on my honor, it was not designed to \ 'xvas a House bill, passed without being particu- 
introduce any subject of controversy. It was I larly scrutinized. The question was not made. 
But I do assert that every bill, since 1850, i 
copied from the Oregon bill and from the Wash- 
It was designed' simply to 
ington territorial bill. 
carry out exactly the principles which the Senator 
had incorporated in those bills. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Thepledg•eofthegentlcman's 
honor is abundantly suffcient. do not impeach 
I had not attacked him, nor attributed any 
it. 
I think there is a better mode of 
design to him. 
legislation than making a personal point on the 
consistency ofa Senator, and talking about a de- 
sign of a Senator, when he calls the attention of 
the body to a peculiar provision in a bill. Sup- 
pose it was true that I wrote the Washington bill, 
and that that provision was in it, does that have 
anything to do with this question? I do not 
charge the Senator with inconsistency. Would 
that. prove that this was wise? lb so happens i 
did not write the Washington bill. It so happens 
It sccnls that provision 
it was a House bill. 
passed, as we were about to pass this, because 
we were told : it is in the usual form. These bills 
had not been so thoroughly matured and exam- 
ined with regard to the powers of the Territorial 
Legislature, until 1850. In that great controversy, 
in which Mr. Clay took the lead in this body, 
there was substituted a new principle of legisla- 
tion as applicable to the Territories, in lieu of the 
geographical line that had been abandoned; aml 
then the question arose specially as to what should 
be the powers of a Territorial Legislature. From 
that time, in every bill I havo written, I have 
copied the compromise measures of 185(), so far 
ns the powers of a Territorial Legislature were 
concerned. The Kansas-Nebraska bill I copied, 
word word, from those measures, with the ex- 
ception of the amondrncnt a flerwards in regard to 
the Missouri line, which did not affect the terri- 
torial powers any of these questions. 
If thc Senate wish now to depart that prac- 
tice, and to put iR this provision, f have no ob- 
ever wrote, or that originated in this body, hag 
been upon this basis, and that the only isolated 
Mr. GREEN. the Senator tell me wha•t 
Territory has been organized since 1853 ? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I tell him I suppose Kansas 
has been organized; I suppose Nebraska I-las been 
organized since that time. But I arh not referring 
tö precedents. The Senator attributes to me a 
design because I point out an unusual provis- 
ion. In the territorial governments, from the 
beginning of the Government down, perhaps, he 
I am willing the Senate 
can find two examples. 
shall vote upon the question. I take no interest 
in it, only I want them to understand what they 
are on. 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, 1 do not like 
this way of the. Senator taking the floor without 
my consent, and without addi•essing the Chair. 
make that explanation in vindication of the 
propriety of retaining that provision in the bill; 
becausc it is in accordance with usaoe, and be- 
cause it is just and proper in itself. When the 
Senator said i had departed from the usual order, 
put it in his own bill. But he says he did not 
dråw the bill; it 
had to undergo his supervision. He l.vas chair- 
man of the Committee on Territories, and it was 
his duty, if it was not the duty of the Senate, to 
read the whole bill to know what it contained. 
know he generally dischm•ges his duty, and had 
a right to presume that hc did so in that instance 
Hence, he is as much chargeable with undertak- 
incr to make these discriminations and distinctions 
as arn. 
But in point of fact he misapprehends the whole 
question, when he says we cu-mot discriminato in 
tyranting licenses for t.he sale. of spirituous liquors. 
is a different question. Taxation is one 
jection; but I deny that it is a proper system of 
thing, and the selling of a privilege to pursue a 
legislation that you shall not discrinlinate in tax- 
I hold that it is proper that the people of vocation is another and an entirely different illing. 
ation. 
a Territory should put a Ilio•her tax upon brandy, You may tax a profession; you may tax law yers 
whisky, and other ardent spirits, than they do and doctors; you may tax retailers of spirits; you 
upon school books or dry-goods, if they choose. i may tax various other vocations in life, consist- 
It is proper for the people of a 'l'errit.ory to dis- 
criminate with the view of improving agriculture; 
and they may puta higher tax upon inferior breeds 
It is 
of cattle than they do upon blooded Cattie. 
proper for Terntorial I Ntyislatures to exempt 
Importations of blooded stock, with a view of im- 
proving their breeds, from taxation, for a limited 
time. It is proper to so exercise Lhe taxing power 
as to encouraee those branches of industry which 
arc for the good of the people; and, to the same 
extent, restraining those that they believe arc not. 
'I'hese are powers that a lte exercised by ail the 
States, with reference to their local and dornestic 
I think it is a wise and just power to 
conccrrns. 
be exercised in thc Territories. 
There would be no difficulty on this question, 
bu for slavery; and in order to answer the objec- 
on that point, I have shown that, in thc slave- 
ti 
holdi"lg States, they make this same discrimma- 
I do not believe there is a State in this 
tion. 
Union, frec or slave, that does not make the iden- 
tical discrimination that is authorized by this bill. 
But, I repeat, I do not take interest enough in iL 
to occupy further the attention of tbc Senate. 
• thouo•ht'lt was proper, without impeaching any 
gentleman's motive, and without attributing any 
designs, to call attention to it, because it was not. 
i a usual provision. 
Mr. GREEN. one word only. 1 hope the Sen- 
Btltution, whether it is in the constitution of Vir- 
I do not intend to imitate a wrong ator does not suppose that I brought the subject 
ginia or not. 
here in order to show any inconsistency in him. 
simply because it may be fi)und in the policy of 
had no such ob'ect.. But when the Senator said it 
the State of Virginia. I do not suppose that this 
provision will ever affect slavery in any manner was an unusua provision, it became my duty to 
vindicate myself; and thereföre referred to two 
whatever; and when the Senator put it in the 
Washington bill, and the Oregon bill, it was not bills—the Oregon bill and the -Washington bill— 
containin«r exactly the same provisions. But he 
to affect slavery, but to protect the rights of the 
says the territorial question was discussed in 1850 
people, and not to exclude any species of prop- t I 
erty by the law and Constitution gov- L; on the. compromise measures; and the great leader, 
ernine• the 'I"erritory. II is for that purpose: to Mr. Clay, settled the great principlo upon which 
the Kansas-Nebraska bilk was passed. V cry well. 
establish a rule of justice in taxation, not to per- 
mit an arbitrary power to build up one at the The -Washington bill was passed iii 1853, and still 
That was after the 
ently with the principle which says, whatever 
t_nopcrty is taxed must be taxed proportion to 
Its valuc. 'I'hat hos. been determined by the Su- 
preme Court, that taxation is one thing, and the 
selkinmof a privilege to pursne a vocation another 
and a different thing. So it is in this ease. They 
may put their licenses on tippling houses so high 
in the Territory of Idaho as to utterly exclude 
them, notwitlistanding the existence of that pro- 
vision; but whatever property is klxed, must be 
taxed according to its value. That is the prin- 
Oiple in the Oregon bill; that is the principlc in the 
it is the principle of 
-Washington territorial bill; 
justice, and ought to pervade the institutions of 
every State and every Territory. If some. States 
have departed from it, that is no reason why we 
shall not detain 
should fi)llow a bad example. 
the Senate. There is no rnotion to strike jt out, 
I believe. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes there is. 
As there is a mo- 
Mr. GREEN. very well. 
tion to strike out, I shall rcsisl it; aud shall con- 
tend for following the example of the. Washingtop 
bill and of the Oregon territorial bill. 
Mr. MASON. Call for the yeas and nays on 
Mr. GREEN. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate 
ready for the question? 
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. FI'I'CH. I hope the Secretary will read 
the proposed amendment. Ido not know what it is. 
The Secretary read it. 
Mr. RICE. Is an amendment to the amend- 
ment now in order ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not after the 
yeas and nays have been ordered. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 think it is as much in 
order after as before. 
Mr. RICE. I think if the motion were changed 
so as to strike out all after the word " property,' 
in the tenth line, it would change the aspect of 
contains the same provision. 
oxpense of another. Hence, I think the exccp- 
tion, or the at.tention which the Senator called to compromise measures of 1850. Oregon IJill II 
the vote that might be given. 
