1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
643 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will suggest to the Sen- 
ator from Massachusetts to strike out all after 
the word " property," in the tenth line, instead 
. of that which he has included in his motion. The 
other portion is merely a judicial question. 
Mr. WILSON. I make that modification. 
Mr. GREEN. I will simply explain that the 
proposition as now made is to strike out the last 
clause, which requires them to tax all property 
equally. say that that is in the Washington 
, it is in the Oregon bill; 
it is just and proper, 
and ought not to be stricken out. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
ment, as modified, will be read. 
'Ehe Secretary read it: In line ten, after the 
word " property," to strike out the followinff 
words: 
Nor enall any discrimination be made in taxing differ- 
ent kinds of property ; but all taxation shall be in propor- 
Zion to the value of the property taxed." 
Mr. GREEN. Now, Mr. President, one word 
only. Why should we permit them to tax prop- 
erty not in proportion to its value? The same 
provision is in all the new constitutions made 
2n the most enlightened age. The old constitu- 
tions have overlooked it. Whena necessity arose, 
when favoritism was being indulged in, it was 
found necessary to insert a provision like this in 
the fundamental law to prevent an accidental cor- 
rupt Legislature from oppressing one class of peo- 
•plc for the benefit of another or themselves. We 
ought to throw guards around the rights of the 
people and the property of the people, and not 
permit a few, who happen to be in office excr- 
cising legislative power, to make these discrim- 
inations which will break down onc man to build 
Equality is the 
up another. Make thern equal. 
beauty of our institutions; and when you onco 
turn the scale and destroy that principle of cqual- 
ity, the Government ceases to accomplish the 
great end for which it was instituted. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. One word in reply. Sen- 
ator is now• for equality. Hc wants to havo every 
thing taxed alike; yet he says, under his pro- 
vision, they may exempt any property they have 
a mind to exempt; but all they do tax is to be 
taxed alike. What becomes of his beautiful equal- 
ity? They can leave out everything but slaves, 
but must tax the slaves alike. That is the way 
he applies the principle of equality. You allow 
them to make a free list just as big as they please, 
or just as littlc as they please; but after making 
a free list, big oi• little, the balance tnust bc taxed 
exactly alike. That is his principle of equality. 
Mr. GREEN. It is the ad tax. is 
surprising the Senator does not understand that. 
I say that under this provision it is cornpctent to 
exempt certain property belonging to religious 
associations, and school-houses, because that is 
public property; but whatever property is subject 
to taxation, must be tuxed according to its value. 
That is all. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then, according to his ex- 
planation, under his bilk the Territorial Legisla- 
ture may exempt everything frorn taxation but 
negroes; and then they must tax all slaves ad 
•valorem, whether they are under twelvc years of 
age or not. That is the provision of the bill, as 
he explains it. 
Mr. GREEN. Under the Senator's Washing- 
If mine is wrong, 
ton bill the same thing exists. 
he is guilty of setting the example. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir. That explanation 
has been made before. 
Mr. FITCH. It appears to mc, this is simply 
an attempt to interject a little squatter sovereio-nty 
into this bill, is it not? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir; and 1 want them 
all to have popular sovereignty. 
Mr. FITCH. How else does this 
tion happen to be connected with a bill for the 
orcranization of a 'Territory where such a thing as 
a neæro in bondage probably never can be seen? 
I that is all there is of the amendment of the 
It is more in regard, per- 
Senator from Illinois. 
haps, to the political bearing of the question than 'l 
as to its richt or wron«. 
ganization, to the organization to which the Sen- 
ator from Indiana and myself are both pledged 
by the compromise nrxeasures of 1850 and the 
Kansas-Nebraska bill. Let us bring it back to 
I am not trying to introduce any new pro- 
vision. But, sir, i do not wish to introduce any 
politics on this subject; I do not wish to revive the 
question touching slavery. I only desire simply 
to leave the Territorial Legislature competent to 
discriminate as the States do, if they sec fit. 
Mr. GREEN. If this be a from the 
compromise measures of 1850, the *Washington 
bill of 1853 was a departure. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 heard that six times. 
Mr. GREEN. The Senator says he has heard 
that six times; but he docs not seem to compre- 
hend it. Some minds are so dull when a thing 
conflicts with their feelings, that they will not hear; 
and when they do hear, will not understan-d. 
repeat again, it is no departure. - Iam introducing 
no new provision. I am not sccking to innovate. 
1 am only seeking to carry out a well-recognized 
rule of taxation according to the value of the orop- 
crty assessed. 
I ought to make one other word of explanation. 
When I said that this was in the usual form, I 
remarked that I had shown the only cl')anges 
made to the Senator from New York two weeks 
acro, so that nobody should be surprised at them. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. Is an amendment to the 
amendment in order ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairwill 
hear it. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. Let me hear the original 
amendment read. 
The Secretary read it. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 intended to as an 
amendment to that, " and that $250 of household 
and kitchen furniture, and rnechanics' tools, and 
books of professional men, shall be exeinpt from 
taxation . ' 
Mr. DOUGLAS. That amendment will be in 
order when this clause is stricken out. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is amo- 
tion to strike out. Should f.he Senator armex that 
as an amendment to the amendment, and then the 
question bc taken on striking out theamcndmcnt, 
of coursc his amendment would be stricken out 
will) thc original amehdment. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 will not it now. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the inotion of the Senator frotn Mussachu- 
sctts, to strike out the words which have been 
read . 
The question being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 19, nays 23; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Anthonv, 
Bingham, Cmneron, Chand- 
Dou«las, i)urkec, Fessenden, Foot., Foster, 
ler, Clark, 
Rice, Sinnnons, Sunnier, •ren Eyck, 
Grilnes, Morrilt, 
'Vade, and 
NAYS—Messrs. Bavard, Bigier, Bragg, Clinsnnan, Col- 
larner, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Fitch, Green, Hale, 
Hunter, Johnson of 'I'eunessec, Lane, 
llarlau, Ilcnjphiil, 
i Mason, Pearce, Polk. Powell, Pumh, Saulsbnry, and Sew- 
ard—23. 
So the amendment was rejected. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 offer as an amendment 
to insert at the cnd of the section thc following: 
And that $250 of household and kitchen furniture, the 
tools of the Inechanic, and the books of persons in •any 
profUs;sion, be exernpt frotn taxation. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 will move to add as an 
amendrnctlt to the an-lendment, that any public 
houses erected for thc purpose of schools or for 
religious worship be also exempted. 
Mr. GREEN. There no objection to that. 
lature to leave these matters to them. 
If they 
cannot legislate so as to promote their own inter- 
I est, why permit them to legislate at all?- If we 
are to go into these little* matters, we might as 
well do all the legislation for them at once. 
I Mr. HEMPHILL. The provision which 1 
have offcrcd I know is inserted in the constitu- 
I tion of Texas, exempting household 'and kitchen 
furniture; and I think m some other constitu- 
tions, where the taxation is ad valorcm, as in that 
State. 
Mr. RICE. That is a State matter, and Con- 
ffress has nothing to do with it. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. This is the organic act 
of a Territory, similar to the constitution of a 
State. 
The amendment to thc amendment was agreed 
to; and the question recurred on the amendment 
I as amended. 
Mr. PUGH. I concur in what has been said 
by the Senator from Minnesota. I think it is a 
very small business for us to bc interfering with 
the efcmptions from taxation in the Territories. 
'I'he general proposition contained in the bill 
entirely approve, establishing a general principle 
I for the equality of taxation, and -taxation accord- 
incr to the true value of the property. I regard 
that as a proper provision to be put in any funda- 
mental law. It is in the constitution of my State; 
and I think it is the only just and proper rule of 
taxation; but as to the particular exemptions of 
this or that article of properly, it seems to me we 
i had better leave that to tho Territorial Legisla- 
ture, if we are going to have any Territorial Le- 
gislature. The Senator from Texas says that the 
constitution of his State contains a provision of 
this character. That may be so; but other con- 
stitutions do not. 
In rnost of the States these 
things are left to the wisdom of the Legislature 
from time to time. It seems to me that we, who 
are not the representatives of these people, we 
who bour none of the burdens of their local taxa- 
tion, should at least bc very careful in dealing wi th 
thc subject-matter of their revenue; and therefore 
I rise to concur in tbc suggestion of my friend 
from Minnesota, that this amendment ought to 
be defeated. Let us stand upon the original bill, 
which prescribes the fundamental principles 
which guve equality of •taxation on all forms of 
p roperty. 
Mr. 13AYARD. I am opposéd to thc amend- 
ment, because I think it is a useless interference 
with a inatter of purely local..legislation. think 
I the people of the 'I'erritory can judge of the mat- 
I ter a great deal better than ••.ve can; and I do not 
see any absolute neccssit.y for it; though it Inight 
I be that, were I a citizen of the Territory, should 
be in favor of exemptil')g property to a greater 
i amount. Perhaps I might carry the matter of ex- 
cniption, as regards the sale of property, to a 
i greater extent than other gentlemen in this Cham- 
ber; but do not think it is appropriate for us to 
fetter a Territorial Legislature to that extent. The 
only fetters I would underta ke to impose upon 
them would be general principles, guarding arrainst 
any legislation which should affect the rights of 
the citizens of the States of this Union; but as re- 
gards their own local affairs, their own purely 
local legislation, as to whether they deem it ex- 
pcdient to exempt certain property from taxation 
or not, I think it is a matter which had better be 
left to themselves. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Delaware 
is under a misapprehension in supposing that this 
amendment is to fetter the discretion of the Legis- 
I suggest to the Senator to laturo. 'I'bc fettcr has already been imposed by 
Mr. LATHAM. 
refusing to vote for the amendment of the Senator 
houses ofa public nature for the benefit of schools from Massachusetts. By that vote you have dc- 
and churches. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was general in its terms: 
that all houses for schools and for public religious 
worship be exempted. 
Mr. LATHAM. verv well. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment to the amendment will be read. 
T lie Secretary read it, as follows: Insert at the 
'6 and any public houses 
end of the amendment, 
Mr. DOÜGLAS. 'I'hat. is not a just criticism erected for public schools public religious svor- 
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu- 
Mr. RICE. I have no objection to thesc amend- 
setts to strike out this clause. If we had attempted 
to insert new provisions, it would have been a ments in themselves; but it certainly seems to me 
that we should have confidence enough in the 
just criticism; but the motion is to strike it out, 
intelligeuce and honesty of the Territorial Legis- ! 
so as to bring it back to the usual territorial or- 
clared that they shall not exem pt mechanics ' tools ; 
that they shall not exempt the homestead from 
that they shall not exernpt schools and 
taxation; 
churches and places of public worship; that they 
shall not make any of thesc exemptions what- 
ever of household furriiture or the necessaries 
of lite. You have put on the fetter, and declared 
that no such exern )tion shall be made. 
to 6bviate the hart bearino• and injurious 
of that vote of the Senate, the proposition is 
madc to say now they may do it to this extent. 
The fetter is already imposed. You must recon- 
sider and strike out that restriction, if you w•ant 
to liberalize the bill, and leave this matter to the 
discretion and wisdom of the people of the Terri- 
