644 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 30, 
tory. I hold that the ad calorem rule of taxation 
is correct; but I hold that there must necessarily 
be exceptions to it, and that those exceptions 
may be better left to the wisdom and virtue and 
discretion of the people to be affected by them, 
than to the. Congress of the United States. 
Mr. BAYARD. I think that there is a fetter, 
notwithstanding the remarks of the honorable 
If he will put the amendment in the 
Senator. 
shape of an exception to the general principle 
which he objects to—that is, of leaving it at the 
discretion aft the Legislature as to whether they 
will, or will not, exempt this particular species of 
property, so as .to free them from the restriction 
which he supposes is embodied in the previous 
clause—I have no objection to that; but as I read 
the amendment, it is mandatory; they are com- 
pelled to exempt these articles. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is very true; but you 
have already said in the bill that they shall not 
exempt any property. My proposition is, to 
leave the discretion 'Vith that people to exempt or 
not, as they please. The Senate has decided 
against that discretion; the Senate has decided 
that this body is to determine what shall be the 
rule of taxation there, and that there shall be no 
exemption from taxation, no matter what the 
property may be; and, acting •upon the principle 
that the Senate is to determine for these people, 
instead of allowing them to determine for them- 
Selves, those favorable to exempting a homestead 
have proposed to put in that exemption very 
properly. It would not be necessary to put in the 
amendment offered by the Senator from Texas, 
if you were going to leave it discretionary with 
the people of the Territory. Since you havc de- 
prived them of all discretion, if you •,vant them 
to have a homestead secure, you must put in the 
exception, 
Mr. BAYARD. I still cannot see the force of 
the honorable Senat.or's argument. I am in favor 
of general restrictions upon tlle grant of legisla- 
tive powcrs to the people of a Territory on prin- 
ciple; but when you come to the question of de- 
tall, I am willing to leave the details to their 
discretion, but not to make it mandatory .upon 
them. The amendment undertakes to 
•with details, and say they shali exempt from tax- 
ation certain property. That is a question of 
detail which I would rather Icavo to the local- Le- 
gislature, though i arn not prepared to go to the 
extent of leaving them (where they have no writ- 
ten constitution, us the States have) unrestricted 
by any species of general principles. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 think the provision con- 
t.ained in the bill, requiring all property to bc as- 
sesscd for taxation, and for taxatton ad talorem, 
has becn o•enerally constrücd in constitutions and 
bills of this character, to extend to ali property, 
so as not to o•ive the Legislature the. power to ex- 
crnpt any property frotn taxation; and therefore, 
in constitutions and in orryanic acts, the rulc has 
been, I think, to make express cxception, wherc 
the taxation by the ad talorcnn principle has been 
established, if it is intended to allow any exemp- 
tion. For that reason I have oflt•red an excep- 
tion, which I think is a very moderate one. 
only exempts household and kitchen furliiture, 
It might have 
tools of thc mechanic, and so on, 
been extended much further. 
tions do provide that the Legislature shall have the 
power to except certain species of property from 
It seems to rne that these two provis- 
taxation. 
ions—the one contained in the bill that there shall 
be a uniform system of taxation upon property, 
and the exception which is proposed by the Sen- 
ator from Texas in his amendment—perfectly 
harmonize; and harmonize with the constitutions 
of most of the, States, so far as I know. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to move to amend 
the amendment of the gentleman from Texas, as 
he has accepted the amendment of the Senator 
from Wisconsin, providing only that the Legisla- 
ture may exempt the homestead from taxation. I 
" and such other property as they 
wish to add, 
shall think ought to be excepted." 
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 will accept that also. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER 
in the chair.) That will be incorporated as apart 
of the amendment of the Senator from Texas. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then, as the amendment 
now stands, taxes are to be ad calorem, except 
that the Legislature may exempt from taxation 
such property as they may deem proper; but all 
they do tax, they must tax alike. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Do 1 understand the Sen- 
ator from Texas to accept that as an amendment? 
I did accept it; but I do 
Mr HEMPHILL. 
not know that I ought to do so. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 object to that going in 
as part of the amendment. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 do not know what right 
the Senator from has to object to its 
in as a part of the amendment of the Sena- 
tor from Texas. 
Mr. DOOLITTLDI I object to its going in, as 
having been sanctioned by me. 
I am morel y 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course. 
getting the Senator from Texas to accept it. The 
Senator from Wisconsin may vote as hc pleases 
after he has accepted it. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. withdraw 
my acceptance. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then i have something to 
say about it, and I n)ust. object to the Senator's 
accepting the otbcr proposition. His amendment 
having been amended by the vote of the Senate, 
he has to accept an amendment to it, un less 
by unanimous consent. I interpose objection; and 
I desire a vote upon it. Now, the question is, 
whether you are going to prescribe the rule of tax- 
ation for that people in their local affairs, or 
will allow them prescribc it for themselves. 
Mr. CRYIVI'ENDEIN. Let them do it in their 
own way. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is precisely what I am 
I agree with tlte venerable, Senator from 
for. 
Kentucky that they ought to do it in their own 
way. r l*hc Senator from Wisconsin is mistaken 
in supposin«r it is a rule of taxation throughout 
this country that all taxes shall be according to 
thc value of thc property. It is so in his State; 
but Wisconsin is not the v„'hole world; it is not 
I have shown that, in nearly 
the entire Union. 
cvcry State of this Union, if not in every one, 
there are exceptions, there are exemptions, and 
not only is particular property exempted from 
t.axation, but t herc are differcnt rules of taxation 
I for different kinds of property. I have shown 
that, in Virginia, slaves under a certain age, tw•eive 
domestic and \ocal institutions, why give them a 
It is no argument to say that 
government at all ? 
in some States the rule of taxation ad catoo•em has 
been adopted, for it was adopted by the people, 
I am willing to let the people of [he 
I themselves. 
Territory adopt the ad caloretn system, if they 
I should be for the ad talorcan system 
prefer it. 
with some slight exceptions; I think it is a just 
Inasmuch, however, us this is a matter 
system. 
affecting their pockets and not mine, taxing their 
own property and not mine, I am willing that 
they shall prescribe the rule, instead of niy pre- 
I know of no purpose for 
scribincy it Tor them. 
which a territorial government is to be granted 
legislative power, if you are not goiD2 to allow 
them to say whether their people shall be taxed 
or not, and how much, and in what manner. 
•Mr. GRIMES. This bill, 1 understand, pro. 
poses a territorial government for a remote Ter- 
ritory, some three thousand miles away from us. 
A part of that Territory is an agricultural coun- 
try; a part of it is a mineral country; and we, men 
who have not been selected for this purpose, as I 
apprehend—for such a thing never was attempted 
to be incorporated into any territorial organization 
before—we are sitting herc and gravely attempt- 
ing to determine for the people of that remote 
r I'erritm•y, three thousand miles away, without 
knowing anything about the resources or (reocrra- 
phy ofthe country, the method in which tlléy shall 
levy their taxes. Now, I undertake to say thai 
the Senator from Wisconsin is most egregiously 
mistaken when he says that in all the territorial 
bills before this, or in many of them, or, indeed, 
in any of them, there have been any exceptions 
of this kind, such as have been submitted by him 
I happen to 
and by the Senator from Tc.kas. 
have lived in three Territories 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. think the Senator from 
referred to the con- 
Iowa misunderstood me. 
stitutions of several States which contain this pro- 
vision for uniform taxation, and allowed the Le- 
gislature the power to except certain species of 
property from taxation, as school-houses and 
rchcs. 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 understood the Senator to 
include in his remarks, not only t be States that 
had constit.nt.ions, but the Territories that had or- 
ganic laws, and to speak of those organic laws as 
being tho constitutions of the 'Eerritories. 
very well aware that no such exceptions have 
i know that the people of 
I hitherto been made. 
the Territories are better able to judge as to the 
method in which their taxes should be laid and 
collected than we are here and I think that this 
therefore 
matter had better be left to them. 
trust that the whole amendment which has been 
proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin and the 
Senator from Texas will be voted down, and that 
we shall let the bill stand in this respect as it came 
from the, committee. We are not in a condiLion 
to determine this question so well as the people of 
the 'Terri tories. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator I years I think, arc exennpt, and over that age are 
from Texas to amend his proposition, so as to not taxed like other property. In North Caro- 
lina slaves under twelve years arc excqnpt, and 
say that the Legislature of the Territory shall 
perhaps those over sixty are cxcmpt, and be- 
have power to exempt these articles. 
tween thosc acres they are not taxed in the smne 
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 will accept that. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And then allow me to say ratio as other property. So it is in nearly every 
I have reasol"l to know that in sonac 
one word. I understand that we now, in sub- 
othcr State. 
stance, are forming the organic act for the people States slaves are taxed as persons, and in others 
they are taxed as property, in some pro rata and 
of this Territory, which is to them a constitution. 
They have not tormed any constitution; we arc in some per capit.a. So it is with other kinds of 
it for them. I am unwilling that the I property. 
constitution, which is to control the legislation of, Now, the simple question is: will you allow 
the Tl'errit.ory, shall give unlimited power to the the people of the Territory to tax themselves, or 
Legislature. We want constitutions for the pur- I 
I do not know 
will you impose taxcs on them ? 
pose of binding the power of Legislatures, and what you are going to give them a government 
not giving them unlimited discretion. Therefore for, if you are not going to allow them to prescribe 
it is that, in the constitution of every State—so their own taxation. 
If there is any system of 
far as 1 know—in this country, there is a provis- legislation Lhut affects the rights and feelings, and 
ion which requires that property shall be sub- excites the jealousics of any community on earth, 
jectcd to a uniform system of taxation, and that II more than all otilers, it is the rate of taxation and 
the Legislature shall not have the discretionary the system of taxation; and if the people of a 
power to tax this property or the other property Territory arc not capable of prescribing their own 
system of taxation for the support of their own 
at its pleasure. At the same time those constitu- 
Mr. GREEN. 1 hope we shall take the vote, 
I do not think it needs 
and get this bill through. 
any further explanation. 
'I' lie amei)drnent was rejected. 
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 hope not. The bill can be 
through in ten minutes. 
The motion was not agreed to. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 dislike to prolong this de- 
bate, but I must call the attention of the Senate 
to the injustice which is being done these people 
by these restrictions, in order to confirtn whut 
has been said by thc Senator froin Iowa. Now, 
what is to be taxed in this Territory of Jefferson, 
or Idaho, or whatever you call it? r i'he mines, 
under the bill as it now stands, cannot be taxed 
at all. All mines are public property, belongino• 
to the United States, and all your mining opera- 
tions arc conducted on that public property. The 
large m:ners that go and erect their machinery for 
the purpose of grinding out quartz-pock and sepa- 
ratinff it, are to be exempt. 'The Territory can 
tax no land until the Indian title is extinguished, 
is brought into market, and sold. It can then 
tax the homestead that the settler gets under the 
homestead bill. Thus, {hc homestead of the miner 
is taxed, while the machinery and property of the 
capitalist, who constructs his works on the pub- 
lic lands, where he cannot buy the mine, are ex- 
empt. 'l'hat is going to be the effect. Nearly all 
