1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
645 
the mining operations in California are carried motion of the gentleman from Michigan can bc 
on upon Government lands. The Goverbmen- 
is the owner of those mines; and under this syst 
tem of taxation, the Territory cannot tax the 
men who have the wealth, because it is required 
to tax in proportion to the value of the property, 
and to make no discrimination atnong property, 
and it cani10t tax the property of the United States. 
The mining operations arc conducted on the 
property of the United States. Whatever ma- 
chinery is put upon the propert.y of the IJnited 
States must be considered a part of the realty and 
exempt. Then the only property which the Ter- 
ritory can tax under this bili will be the horse, the 
mule, the shovel, and the spade of the miner, ex- 
empting the capitalist that employs him, because 
his machinery is on Government property. Then 
they can tax the few farmers who may raise grain; 
and tax the homesteads that they may got under 
the homestead law, and sell them; but they cannot 
tax the machinery and the large establishments 
that are conducting these Inining operations. 'I'hat 
is ooing to be the effect. There never wasa sys- 
tem of hardships so fft•ievous as the one you would 
impose by the system of laxation provided for in 
this bill. 
Mr. GREEN and Mr. HALE addressed the 
Chair. 
The PEKESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Missouri. 
Mr. GREEN. As I see that tho debate may 
be prolong-ed, I yield to the Senator from New 
to malcc his usual motion. 
Hampshire, 
N'lr. HALE. I move that the Senate do nox,v 
adjou t•n. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
January 30, 1861, 
The House met at twelve o 'clock, m. Prayer 
by Rev. J. G. BUTLER. 
'I'he Journal of yesterday wras read and approved. 
CONSULAR SERVICE OF UNITED STATES. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com- 
munication from the Secretary of State, trans- 
mitting, in compliance wit.h the provisions of tbe 
eighteenth section of an act entitled " An act to 
regulate the dipYomatic and consular systems of 
the United States," approved August 18, 1856, a 
statement of the fecs received by the consular 
officers of the United States for the vear 1859, the 
tariff of consular fees, and a list or aki consular 
officers on the 31st of December, 1860, with cer- 
tain other papers; which 'yvas laid upon the table, 
and ordered to be printed 
MILITIA OF UNITED STATES. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. 1 am instructed 
by the select committee of five to report a bill 
ftn•ther to provide for calling forth the militia of 
the United States in certain cases. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 to know how that 
bill can get before the House at this time, unless 
by unanirnous consent? 
The SPEA 'KER. The Chair understands that 
unanimous consent is asked for the introduction 
of thc bill. 
Mr. BURNETT. it. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. the bill 
now, as I have the right to do, under the privilcge 
conferred upon the select committee of five by rcs 
olution a few days since. That committee has 
the right to report at any time. 
MP. BURNETT. a point of on 
He claims the 
the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. BURNETT. That is what 1 desire. 
WITIIDRAWAL OF MR. COBB. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House he fol- 
lowing communication, addressed to him: 
WASI-IINGTON, Janua.ry 30, 1861. 
DEAR SIR : Having just received the following : 
an ordinance to dissolve the Union betwecn the State of ama- 
hama and other States united under the compact styled the 
Constitution of the United States of ..america." 
Whereas lhc election of Abraham Lincoln and Hannibal 
Harnlin to the offices of President and Vice President of the 
U.nited States of America, by a sectional party, avowedly 
hostile to the domestic institutious and to the peace and 
security o? the people of the State of Alabarna, preceded by 
many and dangerous infractions of the Constitution of the 
United States by manv of the States and people of the north- 
ern section, is a political wrong of so insulting and mcn- 
acing a character as to justify the people of the State of 
Alabama in the adoption of prompt and decided measures 
iör their fut.ure peace and security: 'Itherefore, 
Be it dcclarcd and ordain.ed Ijy the people Of the State of 
atabama in concention asscmblcd, That the State of Ala- 
barna now withdraws, and is hereby withdrawn, from the 
the (Jnited States of Atncrica," an I 
Union known as 
henceforth ceases to bc one of said United States, and is, 
and of right ought to be, a sovereign and indepen(lent State. 
SEC. 2. Be it further declared and ordained by the people 
of the State Zalabanuz in cont•ention. assem.bled, 'I'l;at all 
the powers over the territory of said State, and over the 
people thereof, heretofore delegated to the Govermncnt of 
the United States of America be, and they arc hereby, with 
drawtn from said Governtnent, and are hereby resutncd and 
vested in the people of the State of Alabauja. 
And as it is desire and purpose ()t' the people of Ala• 
bama to Incet the slaveholding States of the South, veho 
may approve such purpose, in order to f'ranw a provisional 
as wcli as pennanent governntent, upon the principles of 
the Constitution of the Unitcd States, 
Be it re.solt:r.d, by t.hc people of Jltabama in conccntion as- 
sembled., 'I'l'lat. the people of the States of Delaware, Mary- 
land, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, 
Georgia, Mississippi, Louisiana, ere.xas, Arkansas, 
nessee, Kentucky, and Missouri, be, aud are hereby, invited 
to Incct the people of the State of Aiabama, hy their dele- 
gates, in convention, on the 4th (lay ot• February, A. D. 
1861. at thc city of Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, 
for the purpose of consulting with cach other as to the n'i(jst 
effectual Inodc or securing concer;cd and harmonious ac- 
tion in whatever measures rnay be deerned r•nost desirable 
for our peace and security. 
characterize the intercourse of the members of the 
because had hoped from the beginning that 
something would have been done 'to preserve the 
integrity of this Union. Day after day, week af- 
ter week, I have waited for something to be done 
by the Senate and this House in the way of com- 
promise, predicated upon the Constitution and 
equitable principles, such as we have a right to 
expect; which would, sir, have been received by 
my constituents with gladness of heart. 
Lt will be remembered that on the 11th of last 
month I advised members that Alabama would 
withdraw herself from the Union by the 15th of this 
month of January, unless sornelhmg was done to 
restore peace and harmony to the country. My 
prediction has been fulfilled. Now, sir, when i 
return home, let me not go without hope. Let 
me have it within my power to say to my people 
that there is hope, however faint it may appear 
now'. But my appeal to the House is that there 
shall be action; something done to restore con- * 
fidence between the different sections of the Union, 
that there shall be peace, harmony, and prosper- 
ity once more restored to this now divided and 
distracted country. [Applause.] 
Let mc briefly recount some of the events which 
have transpired since my service here. I have 
seen acquisition after acquisition of territory by 
war and purchase. While I have been a mem- 
ber,men from the North and men from the South 
have fought together upon the same battle-fields, 
I have 
in dcfense of the standard of thc Union. 
scen the eagles of the Republic sweep with proud 
wino- across the snow-clad Rocky Mountains, 
and I have seen the stars and stripes plan ted upon 
the Gulf of California, and upon the shores of the 
I have seen more: I have seen our 
far Pacific. 
flag break down the selfish barriers of oriental 
nations, and fly in triumph in China and Japan, 
a shield and a guard of protection for American 
citizens and American commerce. Hot.v grand 
a future, had the Union only a few years back! 
With the interests of the South, and the 
manufacturing and shipping interests ofthe North, 
.Hnd beit.furt,her -resolced, 'l'hat the president of this con- 
II I looked to sce our ourselves the masters of the 
vention be, and is hcrebv, instructed to transmit forthwith 
a copy of the foregoing prean)bip, ordinance, and resolu- 
in that I have been mistaken. 
tious to the Governors of the scveäll States in said I world• But, sir, 
I have seen sava•c nation after nation yield to 
resolutions. 
the civilization of the white man. I have seen 
Done by tho people of the St.ate of Alabama in conven- 
, , the 1 lth day Of State after State, and Terri t.ory after Territory, 
tion assenhbled, at Montgmncry, on t 
WILLIAM M. BROOKS, 
January, A. D. 1861. 
constructed out of' country annexed since I have 
P•resident, of the Convention. 
I feel it rny duty to deciloc any fnrthcr participation in the 
business of the United States House of Representatives • 
I need not. express Iny deep regret that i 
and in doing this, 
causes exist that renders it necessary. God. save the coun- I 
f have tl'lC honor to be, your obedient servant, 
W. R. W. COBBt 
I-Ion. WILLIAM PENNINGTON, 
Spcaker of the I-louse of Representatibcs. 
Mr. COBR. Mr. Speaker, 1 beg the I-louse to 
indultye for a few moments before I leave my 
seat in this Hall. [Cries of Am•eed ! ' 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has unani- 
mous consent. 
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker and gentlemen of 
the House of Representatives, I feel it duc to my 
country and my constituents, to this House and 
myself, before taking my departure, to •ive some 
reasons which havc dictated the now 
I have declined taking it before, resolved 
upon first reccivino• in form the ordinance of seces- 
Sion froxn thc State of Alabama. My colleagues 
. left some days ago. I did not go with them, be- 
licving it to bc duty to wait for the copy of I 
the ordinance of secession of Alabama, which I 
have embraced in the communication just read 
from the Clerk 's table. Yet, since the withdrawal 
of my colleagues, I have absented myself from the 
right for the select committee of five to report at 
I deny that any such right has been I deliberations and business of this body; and from i 
any time. 
that time I have not drawn onc cent of pay. 
'L'he resolution 
conferred upon that committee. 
Under the action of nry State, under that ordi- 
I becn a member of this House. Yes, sir; and I 
have seen star after star fall from the galaxy of the 
brightest names in our country's history—a Clay, 
a Webster, a Calhoun, and others. Oh, to- 
day some of those bright luminaries could raise 
their voices from the, grave, and speak to those 
they have left behind, and tell them what their 
duty is! If we had them with us to-day, prob- 
ably ',ve might save this great and orlc,e happy 
country, by a settlement of these present diffi- 
But they are not vuzith us. Yet cannot 
we find others who, if not equal in ability, are as 
anxious to settle these unhappy difficulties, and 
to restore peace and harmony to our distracted 
country? I trust we shall find many such. 
Sir, you. must be well aware of the depth of 
my feeling when I take my leave of the councils 
of a country which has been a great country 
during the brief period of its existence, and which 
was destined to be the greatestcountry upon earth. 
You can imagine that a man of ordinary ability 
and feeling must feel deeply, when-he seesa coun- 
try, greater than any other thc sun ever shone 
upon, distracted, and perhaps severed forever. I 
fiel deeply; and I am not ashamed to confess it. 
I say, with uplifted hands, God save my coun- 
try! Who will say the same? many will 
say that they urc anxious to save the country? I 
I have to leave the matter in vour 
hands. When you send your messencrers to us 
which was offered by the gentleman from Mich- 
nancc, which i rcceivca yesterday, I am, in my of the South, I trust you will not send messen- 
Fran, [Mr. HOWARD,] chairman of that cornmit- 
tee, and adopted by the House, docs not, undera judgment, compelled to return to the land which gers to coerce and subjugate us; but send us mes- 
fair construction, authorize the committee to re- gave rne birth, to share its fate through weal and sengers of peace, and-we will receive them with 
But, if you should 
woe, through good and evil fortune. Pl'0found, open arms and warm hearts. 
port at an y time. I dcsire particularly to call the 
. deem it your duty to send persons to coerce and 
sir, is my feeling in leaving this House of Repre- 
attention of the Speaker to the wording of the 
sentatives of tho Urlited States, where I have subjugate us, we must defend our rights, and pro- 
resolution, and I hope he wil! give it a closc ex- 
tect our wives a little ones. We Inay not be 
amination. If he does, I think he will find that served for the last fourteen vears. Those with 
able to erect a monument of victory to bequeath 
the resolution does not, by its terms, confer upon 
the committee of five the power to report at any 
I make the point of order that that com- 
ti me. 
mittee has not the right to report at any time. 
The SPEAKER. This will be inform- 
ally passed over until the resolution adopted on 
'.vhom I have served, and with whom' I have been 
associated, will bear witness witli what fidelity I to thcrn•, though we can, and I trust we will, In 
have ever endeavored to discharge my duties as such an emergency, erect a monument to our 
memory, with the inscription thereon, written in 
It has 
one of thc Representatives of the people. 
Ictters of blood, tce have faithfully dcfended our 
and never 
c ver been my desiro to do justice by ail, 
to be forgetfül of that courtesy which ought to constitutional rights 
