646 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 30, 
And now, let me appeal to you to do something 
after I shall have gone, to satisfy the anxious mind 
of this nation; for I believc that prayer is going"; 
forth continually, from one end of tho country to 
the other, that something may be done before the 
4th of next month. On that day a convention of 
southern States assembles at Montgomery for the 
purpose of forming a provisional government. I 
beg you to do that which will make it unncces- 
sary for them to take that step, and which will 
restore the country to a condition of peace and 
happiness. 
Mr. Speaker, I ought not to trespass upon the 
courtesy- of the House, nor consume its timc 
longer; but I must say onc word more. As I look 
around me, I see many vacant seats. MT hat has 
become of those who have heretoforc occupied 
them ? The seats once occupied by 17) y colleagues 
arc vacant. And are not the seats occupied by 
the South Carolina delegation vacant? Yes. Do 
I not sec the seats of the Georgiadclcgation vacant? 
*Yes. And that of the member from Florida? 
Ycs; all, all are vacant; and what does it mean? 
The rapidly occurrincr events of the day Rive us 
an answer not to be misunderstood. Will you 
not heed tho warnincr contained in these portent- 
ous events? 
And now, beforc I take leave of you, my north- 
crn friends, allow me, with a throbbing heart, to 
return to you my warmest thanks for the many 
efforts you have made to save the country. We 
have differed upon some minor matters—mattcrs 
of less importancc than the great question we have 
fought our battles upon; but when I leave you, 
I bear with me only fond recollections, and the 
consciousness that I leave bchind me brave and 
patriotic hearts, able and willing to battle for our 
constitutional and equal rights, and the safety of 
our conunon country. -A Dd now, gentlemen of 
tho Republican party, let me say that you havc 
this question in your own hands, arid that you 
can still this storm before the stun shall sct to-day. 
Will vou not do it, and allow your President to 
come into power as the President of' the whole 
country, North, South, East, and West? I trust 
that you will do something; that peaco and bar- 
mony may be restored; that your families and our 
families, that have mingled so long in social har- 
mony, may not be called upon to shed eacl: others' 
; and that peacc may reign from the rising 
blood 
to the setting sun, and from the Lakcs to the Gulf 
of Mexico. Stand upon your assumed dignity 
and platform no longer; but come patriotically up 
to the call of your distracted country, and coming 
I now 
millions shall pronounce you blessed. 
than 1K the House for the many courtesies extended 
to mc and the aid they have often given me in 
passii)o• many important measures, and bid you 
adieu, to return, its I have said, to my Ala- 
bama, where the bones of my father and my 
that disturb tho country arc of such a character, and have 
existed for so long a period, that the time has arrived when 
the people of the whole country should avail themselves of 
that provision of the Constitution which requires Congrcs*, 
npou the application ot- the Legislatures of two thirds ot• 
the seveVi States, to call a convention o? all the Ståtes, for 
proposin" amendments thereto. 
3. Resolced., 'I'hat this convention does recommend and 
request the General Assembly of this State, now in session, 
to make application to Congress to call a convention, pur- 
suant to the fifth article of the Constitution of the United 
Statcs, for the purpose of proposing atnendments thereto. 
4. Rcsotvcd, That thc president ot• this convention be in- 
structcd to communicate the foregoing third resolution to 
the presiding officers of the General Assembly, with the 
request that they present the same to their respective 
Houses. 
5. Resolved, That the two hundred thousand Democrats 
of Ohio scnd to thc people of the United States, both North 
and South, greeting: and when the people of the North 
shali have fulfilled their duties to the Constitution and the 
South, then, and not untü then, will it bc proper for them 
to take into consideration the question of the right and pro- 
pricty of coercion. 
'These resolutions were adopted by the convention •.vith 
great unanimity. 
The following resoftltion was then adopted : 
Resolved, That the presiding officer of *his convention 
be directed to send to the Presidcnt of tbc Senatc and 
Speaker of tbc House of Representatives in Congress, and 
to the Governors of the several States of the Union, the 
resolutions adopted by the convention. 
Mr. COX. I hopc thosc resolutions will be 
laid on the table, and printcd. They arc the ex- 
pression of two hundred thousand as good patriots 
as are in the Republic. 
T hc resolutions were laid on the table. 
IMPROVEMENT 014' MISSISSIPPI. 
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, pre- 
sented to the House the memorial of the Legisla- 
ture of Minnesota, for the improvement of' the 
navigation of the Mississippi river, from the 
mouth of the Minnesota river to the Sauk rapids; 
which was referred to the Committee on Com- 
merce, and ordered to be printed. 
OREGON AND WASHINGTON WAR DEBT. 
Mr.*STEVENS, of Washington, asked unan- 
imous consent to introduce the followin«r resolu- 
tion : 
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs have 
Icave to bring in their report on Senate bill No. II, making 
an appropriation for the payinent of the expenses incurred 
by the people of the 'Pcl%itorics of Oregon and Washington 
in the suppression of Indian hostilities in the years ] 855 and 
1856,' and that it be Inade thc special order for "I'hursday, 
February 7. 
Objection being made, the resolution was not 
received. 
IIULL AND COZZENS. 
Mr. BURNHAM. 1 asked the unan- 
imous consent of the House to discharge the 
Committee of the Whole from the further consid- 
cration of the bill (H. R. No. 6.24) for the relief 
of Hull & Cozzens and John Naylor & Co., in I 
order that it may beputupon its passage; to which 
the gentlemen from Kentucky and 'l'ennessee 
the fate of to whom 1 am closely bound, II bill an which they sug- 
'rested, I understand that they will not object to 
it for weal or for woe. [Applause ill the galleries.] 
COMPROMISE RESOLUTIONS. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous conscnt, pre- 
sented, by request, the proceedings of the I)emo- 
cratic Statc convention of Ohio, as follows: 
DEMOCRATIC STATE. CONVENTION OP 01110. 
A delegate cunvcntion of the Democratic party of Ohio 
was held jn the city of Colunubus, on Wedncsday, January 
23, 1861, to do sotnething definite and practical to avert 
the terrible evils of civil war, and tbe calan)it.y of a perrna- 
nentseparation of t.hese States." 
Leading representative Inen of thc Democracy co:nposcd 
thc vouvention, and nearly cvery county in the State was 
represented. 
'l'hc couvcntion was organized by the election of Iluerh 
J. Jewett as president. 
Judgc Runny, chairtnan of the cominittec, reported the 
ft)llowint' resolutions : 
l.- Resolved, 'i'hat since the admission of Ollio ag one of 
the Cnited States, the Dennocratic party of the State has 
uniformly shown devotion to the Union, allegiance to the 
Constitution, obedience t') the, Federat laws, and rcspc.ct 
for the constitutional rights, and regard for thc interests of 
cach of her sister States; and that the sa:ne views and 
sentiments now anilnate the Democrats of Ohio. 
2. Resolved, 'I'hat white we uratefully acknowledge the 
services of those of our public men in Congress, who are 
striving to preserve the l.Jnion, and thus to protect the best 
interests of our nation, and thc cause of constitutional lib- 
erty among mankind ; aod while we would accept with joy 
the comprornise Jneasures known as the, Crittenden resu- 
lutions, or tbc propositions of Senators BIGLER or Do UG- 
or those known as the border States" resolutions, 
as a basis of settlement of our national difficulties ; or any 
other settlement of our aflkLirs, honorable to us ail, which 
cun be effected by conciliation and conjpromisc, and inu- 
tuar concessions o? all concerned, to secure the safety and 
its being taken up at this time. 
The bill was read. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 do not see any amend- 
ment which covers the objection I made. 
Mr. BURNHAM. I was going to propose it. 
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 object, as it is out of 
order to take up the bill. 'r here is already un- 
finished business before the House. 
I call for the 
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. 
regulur order of business. 
CALLING I,'ORTII THE MILITIA, ETC. 
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi- 
ness is the bill presented by the gentleman from 
New York, upon which a question was raised by 
the gentleman from Kentucky. The resolution 
to which the gentleman referred be read. 
The resolution was read, as follows: 
Rcsotec.d, 'I'llat the select cotnmittee of five, to which 
referred the message of tm President of the 9th instant, 
have leave to sit during the sessions of the House, and to 
report from time to time, as thc importance of the business 
in their hands may require. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 submit that 
confers upon that committee the right to report I 
from time to time, but it does not give them the 
right to report at any time; the object of the res- 
olution, according to my construction, being to 
permit those gentlemen to divide the business in- 
vol ved in the President's message referred to them, 
and to report it, not to this House whenever they 
yet. believe that questions saw proner, but that they 'night not be discharged 
perpetuity of Ibe Union ; 
when they had made a report, as in ordinary cases 
they would be. 
•The SPEAKER. Upon an examination of the 
resolution, the Chair is compelled to override the 
point of order, and rule that the report of the bill 
is in örder. 
The bill was then read a second time. 
Mr. BRANCH presented to the House his rea- 
sons in writing for his nan-concurrence in the bill. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS moved that the bill 
and reports, majority and minority, be printed, 
and made the special order for Wednesday, the 
6th of February, after the morning hour. 
Mr. BRANCH. Unless the gentleman from 
New York can give us some assurances that by 
that time we can get the bill and reports printed, 
I must oppose the fixing of so early a day. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. Let me say to my 
friend that, inasmuc.h as objection is made to mak- 
ing this bill a special ordcr, I will modify my mo- 
tion, and movc that the bill and reports be printed 
and recommitted to the select committee. 
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order. 
Mr. CURTIS. If it is the purpose of the gen- 
tleman to postpone this bill, I would suggest that 
it bc referred to the Committee on Milit-ary 
fairs. That committee have the same subject un- 
der consideration, and are in conference with the 
Secretary of War and the commanding general. 
We lfave had it before us for some time. 
The SPEAKER. The motion now is to rc- 
commit and print. 
The question was taken on Mr. J 011N H. REY- 
NOI.DS's motion; and it was agreed to. 
So the bill was recommitted to the select com- 
mittee, and, with the report, ordered to be printed. 
DUTIES ON IMPORTS. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 rise to a privil- 
I am authorized by the commit- 
cged question. 
tee of five to report a bill further to provide for 
I submit it; 
the collection of duties on imports. 
together with a report expressive of the views of 
the members of the committee who report the bill. 
The bill was read a first and second time. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 have not signed 
the minority report in reference to the bill re- 
ported by my colleague fi•on) New York [Mr. J0HN 
1--1. REYNOLDS] from the sarne committee; but I 
beg to express my dissent frcnn that measure at 
I am content, in regard to 
this articular time. 
this ill, that the same direction shall be given to 
it that has been civen to the. last bill. 'I'he gen- 
tlemnn from North Carolina, 1 believe, intends to 
present a minority report. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 ask of the House to 
present my views in writing on this bill. 
The bill was then recommitted to thc special 
committee, and, •with thc reports, ordered to be 
printed. 
MESSAGD FROM PRESIDDNT. 
A messaøe was received from the President of 
the United States, by A. J. GLOSSBRENNF„R, his 
Private Secretary, informing thc House that he 
had approved and signed bills of the following 
An act for the relief of Sampson Stanfill; 
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Interior 
to issue a jand warrant to Daniel Davis; 
An act for the rciief of D. C. Whiting; and 
An act for the admission of Kansas. 
'I'hc announcement of the approval of the bill 
for the admission of Kansas was received with 
slight applause on the floor and in the galleries. 
EXTENSION OF PAILROAD. 
Mr. BOTELER. 1 ask the permission of the 
House to brino• up a matter of local importance 
and that requires no appropriation. 1 ask that 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union be discharged from the further considera- 
tion of an act (S. No. 64) to authorize the exten- 
Sion and use of a branch of the Alexandria, Lou- 
don, and Hampshire railroad within the city of 
Georcretown. 
Mr. HUTCHINS. 1 call for the regular order 
of business. 
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi- 
ness is the consideration of the amend ments of 
the Senate to the post route bill. 
Mr. BOTELER. Had not the consentofthe 
House to bring up this matter before the regular 
order of busincss was called for? 
The SPEAKER. Tbc objection was made in 
