648 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 30, 
that portion, and to the discouragement of our 
section of country. 
With one other consideration I will close. will 
remind gentlemen that there is a growing interest 
on Lake Superior—an interest that is rapidly 
extending westward. The commerce on Lake 
Superior for last year amounted to the sum of 
The manufacture of iron in that 
region has more than doubled within the year; 
thc mining of copper has nearly doubled. It is a 
good country westward. 
For these reasons, as a -matter of justice, and 
as a matter of right, i trust, the House will concur 
in the amendment of the Senate. 
I regret extremely that the 
Mr. ALDRICEL 
Committee on the Post Offce and Post Roads 
should have fclt bound to report agai nst this amend- 
mentofthe Senate, tar the reason that I believe—in 
fact I know—that it is nothing more than we of the 
Northwest are entitled to at the hands of this Gov- 
ernment. For four successivc winters have the 
Senatc appropriated this amount of $200,000 for 
the establishment of an overland mail from the 
Mississippi river to Puget Sound. They havo 
done it because they thought it was duo to us 
live in that part of the, country. Mr. Speaker, I 
now make an earnest and anxiots appeal to this 
House to come forward and grant us this act of 
justice. We ask for nothing morc than justice; 
and we are not willing to submit to anythihg less. 
Mr. Speaker, it may not be improper for 
to say to you, whom I know to be a just and truc 
man—it may not be improper fibr me to say to the 
honorable chairman of the Committee of Ways 
and Means, to the honorable chairman ofthe Com- 
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and to 
thc honorable chairman of the sclecL committee 
on thc Pacific railroad—that they must not pre- 
sumc too much upon our loyalty. [Laughter.] 
Whenever gentlemen upon that Side of thc House 
ask anything at the hands of this Congress, it 
would.scem thut all that is necessary for ihenu to 
do is to threaten a little. Now, sir, Ido not say 
that our peoplo will slough off—go down t be Red 
River of the North, and unite with the British 
possessions; but I want gentlemen here to ponder 
over it. Ido not say that they will do it; but they 
may do it, if they do not receivc ji.lStice at your 
i do not throw this out as a threat. 
hands. 
[Laughter.] T hry are true and loyal now; I hope 
they may continue so. We, as I said before, ask 
for nothing that we are not entitled to; and I now 
respectfully ask that the umcndtnent of the Senate 
may be concurred in. 
Mr. COLFAX obtained the floor. 
Mr. Insk 
tleman from Indiana to permit unc for u mornent. 
I am strongly in favor of this section, and I desire 
to put it in the shape in which it will command 
I hope the clausc which pro- 
the most strength. 
vides for the branch mail from Superior, Wiscon- 
sill , to Crow Wing, ',vhich is entirely un necessary, 
will not be adopted. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. 1 must 0b- 
ject to that. Wisconsin will havo something to 
sa on that sub •ect. 
K4r. COLFAk Mr. Speaker, must now 
I desire to say to my friend from 
sume the floor. 
Minnesota, and my friend from MT ashington Tl'er- 
ritory, that I regret., as much as cither of them can, 
that we did not feel at liberty to recommend a 
concurrence in this amendment of the Senate; but 
we could not do it consistently with the present 
condition the Treasury. We have provided 
for one daily overland mail by the central route 
to the Pacific. T hc gentleman will recollect that, 
in the last session of Congress, we provided for 
a daily rnail along the Pacific coast; so that the 
people of Oregon and Washington will now have, 
by a somewhat circuitous route, a daily mail from 
thc Atlantic States. During the present session, 
also, we have, at the request of the gentleman 
froin Washington Territory, increased the ser- 
vice on Puget Sound from a weekly to a semi- 
weekly mail. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have briefly responded 
to the gentlemen from Washington and Minno- 
line of forts; it passes Fort Abercrombie; it passes 
Tort Union; it passes Fort Benton; and will sup- 
ply them all With mail matter. And I will say 
further that the route is one of great importance 
to England, to Europe, and Canada. It is im- } 
portant, in this point of view, that that portion of 
our country shall bc opened up. 
The gentleman says he is very sorry they can- 
not grant us this small pittance of $200,000 which 
we ask for the establishment of a mail service 
over the northern route to t.he Pacific; yet they 
succeeding section. I send up the amendment, 
and ask to •have it read. 
Mr. COLFAX. I have no oujection to hearing 
it read; but I do not withdraw the demand for the 
previous question. 
The amendment was read, as follows: 
And the Posunaster General is hereby directed to reex- 
arniue the causes for discontinuance or curtailment of the 
postal service on inland routes since the 4th day of March, 
1859, and to restore all such parts of the said service as can 
be restored with due regard to the public interest. and the 
circumstances of each case; whether such discontinuance 
arc ready to grant to the Southwest 1; or curtaihnent was upon contracts yet in force, or have 
taken effect upon the making of new contracts: Provided, 
foe a railroad , and they are ready to grant $800,000 
however, 'l'hat the. or increase of servicc hereby 
for n mail over the central route. M] l)én my friend 
i contmnplatetl shall be with the assent of the contractor in 
from• Texas asks for to increase the mail 
each case, or ill pursuance of his contract. 
facilities of that State, they reply, ' 'Oh, yes;' 
I demand 
yr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
no 
"unanimous consent." But when we the previous question on theamendment just read. 
objection ; " 
ask för the small pittancc of $200,000, the gentle- 
man says he is very sorry that he cannot recom- 
mend it; verv sorry, indeed; but in the present 
stutc of the Treasury, this mail service cannot be i 
thought of. 
Mr. COLFAX. I assure the gentleman that I 
regret to have to differ with him, for I am for mail 
facilities the Nortbwcst to as large an extent 
as otu• finances will justify. 
r L'he previous question was seconded, and the 
main quest.ion ordered. 
Mr. ALDRICH called for the yeas and nays 
upon concurring in t.hc amendment of the Senate. 
The ycas und nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the negative—ycas GO, nays 102; as follows: 
YEAS—Mcssrs. Aldrich, 'l'homas L. Anderson, William 
C. Anderson, Ashley, Brown, Burch, Burlingmne, Case, 
I)ucll, English, Florcnce, Foster, Frank, Grow, Hale, Ham- 
ikton, H,' illimn Iloward, II ughes, Irvine, Francis W. Kek- 
Kenvon, Kilgore, Kunke.i, Larra. 
William Kellogu, 
bee, DeWitt C. Le•åéh, Ma•clay, Charles D. Martin, Mc- 
Kean, McKenty, Mill ward, Moorhead, morse, Nixon, 
Paluucr, Potter, Edwin R. Reynolds, Royce, Scott, Scran- 
ton, Sed2"'ick, Sickles, Spinner, Willimn Stewart, Strat- 
']'heaker, Toni pkins, 'Train, Val- 
ton, 'J'appan, 
landighatn, Vandever, Van H7yek-, Wade, Waldron, Cad- 
C. Washburn, B. Washhnrne, Wilson, 
VVind01n, and 
Charles F. Adams, Green Adtuns, Ad- 
Barret, Beale, 
• Blake, 
rain, A Ilev,- Avery, Babbitt, 
i}rabson, 
Brayton, Bristow, Buffinton 
Bocock, 
B rnhall), Butterfield, Can) pbell, 'Carey, Coburn, 
Burnctt, 
Jaenes Crail' 
B u r ton 
Colfh.x, Conkling, 
(l. WV inter Davis, John G. l)avis, I)awes, 
Craigm Curti*, 
Dc Jaénettc, Delano, Dunn, Edgcrton, Edillundson, Ed- 
wards, h',liot, Gihner, Gooch, Gurley, J. Morrison Harris, 
Hatton, 11 indman, Hoard, flollnau, Wit- 
Hutchins, Jenkins, Junkin, 
iiam A. (loward, 
J;unes M. Leach, Leake, Lee, Logan, Longueckcr, '_,ovc- 
joy, Mallory, Marsr.on, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McClcr- 
nand, McK nigl)t, McPherson, Millsön, Montgornery, Laban 
Moore, ksaac N. •Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Nocll, Olin, 
_L'eyton, Phelps, Porter, Potlle 
l)rvor, Quarlcs, John 
II. Reynold-.. Riggs, Christopher Robinson, Rust, Shertnan, 
Williatn N. II. Sinith, Sornes, Stevens, Stevenson, 
'.rriinblc, Vance, Verree, Walton, Web- 
Stokes, 
stca•, Wells, WlUteiey, iVoodruff, and 
So the amendment was non-concurred in. 
Before the vote was announced, 
Mr. BURCH stated he had allowed the 
action of the Post Office Committee acrainst this 
zuncndment to go without obiection; but, after the 
remarks of Irhc gentleman frorn Minnesota, being 
willing to do any thing to strengthen the bonds 
between the United St-ates Government and that 
[Laughter.] 
State, hc would vote av. 
Mr. NOELL said thai Mr. WOODSON was de- 
tained from the I.-l.ouse by sickness. 
Mr. KUNKEL said M.I•. STEWART, of Mary- 
land, had paired with Mr. HASKIN. 
The next amen(hnent was reported, as follows: 
22. vend be it furthc.r enacted, 'l'hat the cost of the 
service authorized iii th(_: three preceding sections of this 
I bercd 8911, 12801, 12578, and 8076, shali be paid, after an- 
nual appropriation, by the Secretary of the Treasury, upon 
t.hc certificate of service frorn the Po.sunaster General, ex- 
cept SD thr as appropriations may already have been Inade 
such service. 
Mr. COLFAX. This amendment is 
mended by the Postmaster General, and by the 
Committee on the Post Oflice and Post Roads. I 
move the previous question u pon it. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Ifiinois. 
I desire to 
offcr the followincr amendment 
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot yield for an amend- 
and, as I am desirous of finishing up this i ment to this section. 
bill as soon as possible, I move to non-concur in 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I trust the 
the amendment of the Senate, and call the pre- 
gentleman from Indiana will withdraw the demand 
vious question. 
for the previous question for a nioment, The 
Mr. ALDRICH. 1 desire to word 
, ii tleman will recollect that when a former section 
in addition, with the gentleman 's permission. 
I was under consideration, I withdrew an amend- 
beg Icave to say that this route passes a whole li ment, with the notice that l,vouid offer it to a 
IVIr. COLFAX. ' Che gentleman from Illinois 
cannot take the floor from me. I stated distinctly, 
that whilc I had no objection to the reading of the 
amendment, I did object to its being received. I 
stated the reasons for my non-concurrence in it 
the other day. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. When 1 
withdrew my amendment tloe other day, I gave 
notice I would again offer it to this section; and I 
did not understand that the gentleman from In- 
diana would call for the previous question, so as 
to cut me off. I want the House t.o have an op- 
portunity to vote on this proposition. 
Mr. MAYNARD. to debate. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f111inois. then, 
that the demand for the previous question will be 
voted down. 
Mr. COLFAX. This bill provides for 
sary post routes in all parts of thc country; and 
I have endeavored to exclude from it all disputed 
subiects which may load it down and defeai it. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Unless the 
demand for the previous question be voted down, 
I want the House to know that, my amendment 
being excluded, they cannot get any mail roulc 
I demand tellers on seconding the call 
rcsto red . 
for tbc previous question. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. WASHBURNE 
of Illinois, and BURCH were appointed. 
rl'he House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes 68, noes 49. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is no 
quor»m votin(Y. 
Thc SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the 
firmative; and the demand for the previous qucs- 
tion is seconded. 
The main question was then ordcred. 
Mr. PHELPS. I move that tho amendment 
of tho Senate be laid upon the table; and on that 
motion I demand the yeas and nays. The effect 
of my motion witt be to put the amendment and 
the bill itself upon the table, which result I am 
desirous of seeing accomplished. I call for tellers 
on ordering the yeas and nays. 
Tellers were not ordered. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. PHELPS. Has the morning hour ex- 
The SPEAKER. It has. The business now 
before tho House is the special order. 
WORKINGMEN OF PIIILADELPIIIA. 
Mr. VERREE. 1 ask the unanimous consent 
of the House for leave to present the petition of 
a committee of thirty-three, appointed at the 
workingmen's Inass meetine, held in Independ- 
enco square, in the city of Philadelphia, on Sat- 
urday evening, January 26, 1861. As that com- 
mittee are present, I hope the petition will be read 
at the Clerk's desk. 
There, was no objection. 
Mr. RUST. What is it? 
Mr. VERREE. It is in favor of the Critten- 
den proposit.ion of compromise. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
To the I-louse of Representatices of the United, States : 
The petition of the undersigned committee ot• Philadel- 
phia workingmen, without distinction of party, respect- 
fully showeth : 
Tl'bat they earnestly pray your honorable body to pass the 
resolutions introdneed bv Hon. Mr. CRITTENDEN, of Ken- 
tacky, a copy of vv•hicb is hereunto annexed, or rerzo!utions 
cnibodying the saine principles and measures, believin(' 
. that this course will be acceptable to your constituents in 
all sections of our country, and will have the efl'ect of 
allaying the present unhappy excitement. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 trust, Mr. Speaker, that 
that petition will be referred to •thc select commit- 
It will convince them of the anxicty 
tee of five. 
