1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
649 
of the people for some measure Gf adjustment of 
the existing troubles in the country; and I trust 
most sincerely that it will be productive of bene- 
ficial results. 
Mr. GROW. When you speak for the work- 
ing men, it seems you come on our side. 
Mr. FLORENCE. This I-lall is the proper 
place to speak for compromise and conciliation, 
whether on the onc side or the other; and I shall 
be glad to know that this side will listen to the 
teachings of moderation and justice. 
The petition was referred to the select commit- 
tee of five. 
CONTESTED ELECTION CASES. 
Mr. GILMER, from the Committee on Elec- 
tions, submitted a report in the case of William- 
son cs. Sickles; which was Iiid upon the table, 
and ordered to be printed. 
Mr. GILMER, from the same committee, also 
reported back the evidence in the case of Wil- 
liam D. Harrison cs. H. Winter Davis; which was 
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed. 
CRITTENDEN RESOLUTIONS, 
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, presented 
a petition of citizens of Centre county, Pennsyl- 
vania, in favor of the Crittenden resolutions ot• 
compromise; urhich was laid upon the table. 
RESTORATION OF MAIL SERVICE. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f111inois. 1 give notice 
that I will to-morrow move to reconsider the vote 
by which the main question was ordered on the 
pending Senate amendment to the post route bill, 
so as to get before the House my amendment au- 
thorizing the Postmaster General to restore mail 
service where it is wanted. 
Mr. COLFAX. And give notice that II 
move that that motion be laid upon the table 
STATE OF UNION. 
The House then rcsumcd the consideration of 
the special order, being the report of the select 
committee of thirty-three, on which the gentleman 
from New York [Mr. CONKLING] was entitled to 
the floor. 
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, from the 
set of this session, I havo had little hope that any- 
thing could be done here or in the otherend of the 
Capitol to arrest the revolution now prevailing in 
some portions of the country. 1 was long ago con- 
vinced that the turbulence now festered to rebellion 
a101')g the Guifof Mexico had its origin in causes 
which Congress could not remove, nor even di- 
minish or retard. Yet I have never doubted that a 
very numerous class of persons in thwslavehold- 
ing States—persons whose patriotism might safely 
challenge comparison with that of any other citi- 
zens of the country—were controlled in their polit- 
ical sentiments and action by misapprehensions 
as to the designs of the masses of the non-slave- 
holding States; misapprehensions which all good 
It would 
men would gladly unite in dispelling. 
be strange, indeed, if this Were not so. For years 
past, gcntlemen representing slaveholding constit- 
uencies on this floor, have not hesitated to dignify 
with the language of solemn assertion, aspersions 
upon the political integrity of the northern peo- 
ple, the wildest, the most preposterous, that have 
come out of the fury and licentiousness of-partisan 
contests. 
It has been ceaselessly proclaimed here, that 
the Republican party had for its chief mission the 
intentional subversion of the acknowledged con- 
stitutional rights of one portion of the country; 
that Republicanism was but another name for 
abolition; and that the accession to power of a 
Republican Administration would be signalized 
They have abounded, sir, in another thing, 
which I do not want to forget, infinitely rnore 
detrimental still. They have bristled with scraps 
cut frorn northern newspapers, newspapers which, 
in assailing Republican principles and candidates, 
have impeached the motives and character of their 
opponents; have called us Abolitionists; have 
urncd at us arrox,vs of falsehood, intended to take 
only local and temporary effect, but which, picked 
up where they frll, have been brought here into 
Committee of the Whole, feathered with the frank- 
ingprivilege,and shot iVit.l'i far-reaching and wide- 
spreading destructiveness. Ten thousand springs 
of falsehood and perversion have filled the very 
atmosphere with noxious vapors, and, turned per- 
sistently for years by politicians into one and the 
same channel, have at length swollen into a cur- 
rent so mighty as to bear away whole communi- 
ties into utter disbelief in the patriotism of, at least, 
one great party in tho North, and convince them 
that, throughout the non-slaveholding States, the 
lovers of constitutional liberty are reduced to a 
minority so hopeless as to be almost utterly ex- 
tinct. 
To dispel this monstrous delusion, and strike the 
scales of prejudice and misconception from every 
innocent and honest eye, would be well worthy 
the best efforts of the best minds in any Congress. 
But, sir, I am saddened to believe the task is hope- 
lcss—hopcless as regards the Gulf States at least. 
I am constrained to believe that there the avenues 
to the public apprehension are closed—closed to 
all save those who have misguided it and lashed 
Mexico had its origin Iin the compromise meas• 
It covers a vast area of -territory 
ures of 1850. 
theretofore free by the law of Mexico and by the 
law of nations; and the North have not the- nu- 
merical power in this Congress or the next to 
repeal or disturb it. These causes of complaint 
are frivolousj clearly and manifestly frivolous. 
i Yet such are the considerations upon which apos- 
tate Americans are plotting the ruin of their coun- 
try; such are the avowed reasons why this bright 
vision of constitutional liberty, which fills Christ- 
endom with light and hope, should shrivel like a 
parched scroll; such the apology for attempting to 
% t into blind and boisterous excitement. Even if 
the southern mind wrere accessikle, and every man 
and woman could bc completely undeceived, i be- 
lieve that, so far as regards the lower slaveholding 
States, no cause would be subserved except the 
cause of abstract truth. The cause of Union, I 
do not bclievc, would be perceptibly affected. 
Dupes are never leaders. The men in the South 
who have been imposed upon and become infat- 
uated in rcgard to their brethren at the North, are 
not the men who head rebellions or instigate re- 
volt. The men who ride on the whirlwind and 
direct the storm, those who have succeeded to the 
powers of Bolus, at least so far as to let loose the 
south wind, are not the victims of any such delu- 
sions. They know better. They know that thc 
party which has recently prevailed in the country, 
medita•tcs no innovation upon the Constitution of 
the United States, nor any novel application of its 
principles _to slavery or to any other subject. 
They know the mission and purpose of that party 
is simply to restore the ancicnt policy of the Re- 
public—the policy which began with Washington, 
and carried the Government in safety' down the 
stream of time for seventy years—seventy pure, 
prosperous, aud peaceful years. They know that 
if the fact were otherwise, the newly-elccted Pres- 
ident wou\d bc powerless to do wrong to the 
South; as powerless as a child, with a majority 
against him in both Houses of Congress, if south- 
ern Senators and Representatives remain faithful 
at their posts. These brcedcrs of sedition under- 
stand, as well as any man who hears me, the need- 
lessncssofall these schemes of compromise. They 
know how harmless a thing is a personal liberty 
bill, if it conflicts with the Constitution of the 
United States. They are lawyers, some of them, 
and they have tearncd—ccrtainly they learned long 
ago in South Carolina—how puny a t.hing is legis- 
lative usurpation in a State, before the beak and 
claws of Federal power. They know that no Re- 
publican, nor any political party mustering force 
enough to elect a constable in a town anywhere, 
pretends to aright to interfere with slavery in the 
slaveholding States. They know that by the i 
by attempts to liberate slaves by the arméd inter- 
vention of the General Government. Speeches declarations of all political parlies such a right is 
made up of these and other like allegations, have repudiated and denounced They know that an 
been sent like snow storms or locusts, to cover amendment to the Constitution to enable the Fed- I 
the entirc South. They have becn eked out with i cral Government to reach slavery in the States 
corroborationsmoreperniciousthanevcnthestate- could never be effected within any period of time 
ments they contained. They have been garnished whic,li present prophecy can cover. They cry out 
with rhetorical flourishes torn h cre and there from about territorial injustice. and usurpation , and yet 
the sayings of Republican politicians. And, sir, they know that we havo but one Territory where 
there is not in this world a greater temptation to I slavery could thrive, and there slavery exists 
men to exagerate and lie than ambition to excel in already, not—as •was said the other day, inadver- 
rhetoric. These speeches, I say, have abounded tently no doubt, by the distinguished gentleman 
from Tennessee, [Mr. NELSON 
e I—by the law of 
with rhetorical flourishes of Republican politi- 
cians, severed from the context, and represent- Mexico, but by tcrritorial laws, adopted under an 
ing the original meaning aboutas truly as a thread i orffanic act, passed here, in this Capitol, aml 
bury free institutions in the waves of revolution, 
and leave the annals of self-government, like a 
bloody buoy on the sea of time, warning the na- 
tions of the earth to keep aloof from the mighty 
ruin . 
Mr. HINDMAN. Will the gentleman yield a 
moment? 
Mr. CONKLING. For what purpose? 
Mr. Eli NDMAN. For the purpose of making 
a point of order upon the language which has been 
used by yourself. 
Mr. CONKLING. That 1 must yield to, of 
course. 
Mr. HINDMAN. The gentleman from New 
York used the term apostate American." I 
wish to inquire of the Chair if it is intended to 
allow, now and hereafter, the application •of any 
such term as that to any members of this House, 
or to any portion of their constituents, who believe 
t,hat the time has come for a dissolution of this 
Union and for a secession of the States of the South 
from it? I ask if it is in order to stigmatize them 
by the application of the term c' apostate Ameri- 
I ask the Chair now to decide whether 
such a thing: is in order? 
Mr. GROW. Is a point of order debatable ? 
Mr. HINDMAN. making a point of 
order, and it is statabie, is it not? 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will merely say 
upon that subject, that it is a matter which will 
be regulated, he hus no doubt, by every gentleman 
who speaks to the House. The application of 
that term to any gentleman present, or to any por- 
Lion of his constituents, Will not be correct; but 
the application might be made without any refer- 
cnce to any gentleman present, or to any particu- 
lar person he is interested in, for all the Chair sees, 
if the gentleman thinks proper to make it. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Then 1 ask the Chair if the 
qualifying remark should not go with the phrase 
itself when used ? 
Mr. CONKLING. 1 desire no difficulty with 
the gentleman from Arkansas, or with any other 
if that 
gentleman, with regard to this debate. 
gentleman knew me better, hc would understand 
I that I would not select an occasion like this to say 
anything personally offensivc, in the slightest de- 
gree, to any member of this House. But this is 
a time which think imposes upon every man the 
duty, as shall assume it gives me the privilege, 
of speaking with absolute unreserve. 
Mr. HINDMAN. The gentleman will allow 
I have no disposition to con- 
me onc moment. 
sume one minute of his time unnecessarily. 
Mr. CONKLING. If these interruptions do 
not come out of my time, I will give way. 
Mr. HINDMAN. My point is this: that while 
it is a period when every member 
Mr. CASE. I object to this interruption. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Whether the gentleman 
object or not, I intend to say-— 
Mr. CONKLING. 1 the gentleman will 
have regard to the fact that his interruption may 
come out of my time, by the requirement of the 
House, at the end of the hour. 
Mr. HINDMAN. It does not come out of 
your time. 
Mr. CASE. call the gentleman to order. 
Mr. HINDMAN. gentleman 's own friends 
arc compelling me to consume more of his time 
than would, and they cannot prevent me from 
saying what I shall say, at all events. 
IVffr. GROW. I call the gentleman to order; 
and I object in good faith. 
Mr. CONKLING. 1 must decline to yield 
further; and if the gentleman persists, he must 
occupy the floor upon a point of order, or my 
brief hour will be too far frittered away, 
Mr. HINDMAN. The 
ican," was applied by the gentleman from New 
of canvas, raveled from a picture, would present passed by the votes of men from the North as well 
as men from the South. The slave code of New u York to some persons, and all desire to know is, 
the conception of a painter 
