650 
to '*hom the epithet was applied; whether it was 
proper to apply it, and v.zhether it is the intention 
of the gentleman, in the exercise of that right 
which he claims to belong to him, to use the lan- 
guage contained in the after part of his remarks, 
as applicable to any portion of the southern peo- 
If issues of that sort are to be raised, they 
may as well be made now as rat any time. 
Mr. CONKLING. I protest against any por- 
tion of this interruption being taken out of my 
time. 
The SPEAKER. It must come out of the 
gentleman 's time, except by unanimous consent. 
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. Thequestionraised 
is a point of order, and therefore it cannot comc 
out of the gentleman 's time. 
Mr. HINDMAN. It seems to me that a point 
of order raised upon the gentleman, and all re- 
marks connected therewith, would not come out 
of the entleman's time. 
Mr. WicKEAN. If it does not come out of the 
gentleman 's time, thc interruption might consume 
the whole day. 
Mr. SPINNER. Is not the point of order 
settlcd? 
Mr. HINDMAN. The decision of the Chair 
was thai. such remarks werc not in order. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that it 
would be the duty of the Chair to arrest any 
personal remarks; but the particular language a 
speaker uses the Chair never can control. 
Mr. HINDMAN. I shall continue to raise the 
point of order from time to time, and I hope the 
gentleman from New York will bear that determ- 
Ination in -mind. 
Mr. GROW. wc havc set hero tho whole 
session, ourselves denounced as traitors 
and cvcrylhing else. Froe speech ought to be 
tolerated upon this floor. 
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, 1 was pro- 
cccding to say when interrupted, that tl)e alleged 
grievances I have enumerated are the avowed -oc- 
casion of this revolt, and I say now that they are 
not reasons, but excuses, sad, pitiful excuses of 
designing and dcspcratc men; the subterfuges and 
make-shifts of unholy and baffed ambition. The 
true explanation lies deeper. The true reason is, 
that by the sentiment of an overwhelming major- 
ity of the people of the Republic, slaveholding, 
as a moral proposition, is outlawed and abhorred; 
that assent to slavery, as a policy to be fostered, 
has förever ceased to bc national in this country. 
It is charged upon the North, sir—and I am go- 
ing to continue to speak with great frankness 
upon this subject—it is charged upon the North 
that at tho fireside, on the pavement, in the school 
house, slavery is held to be nioral, social, and 
political evil. T lie charge is true, sir; every word 
of it. A large majority of the people of the 
North, no mutter of what political party, look 
upon slavery as an insatiate master. 'They do 
not see it in its patriarchal aspects; but they see 
an iron-heeled, marble -hcarted oppressor, de- 
mat)ding always ree victims—the slave, the 
In this regard, the people 
master, and the land. 
of the North agrcc exactly with the who]c Chris- 
tian world, the slaveholding States of this blood- 
bought, liberty-föun dcd Republic, alone excepted. 
W 11 y, sir, the jurisprudence of the world is against 
slavery; thc literature of the world is against sla- 
very; the civilization of thc world is aøainst sla- 
very. Mr. Webster once said, speakmg of an- 
othei' subject: 
The lightning is strong ; the tornado is strong ; the earth- 
quake is strong; but there is something stronger than all of 
these: it is the enlightened judgment of mankind." 
That, too, is against slavcry. A grcat man 
has said, Let mc write tho songs of a people, 
and I care not who makes their laws;" and the 
songs, the poetry, and even the fine arts of the 
world, are against slavery. 
Is any free State to blame for that? No, sir; 
it is one of the enactments of that " hi(Ther law" 
which my gifted friend from Ohio [Mr. BINGHAM] 
spoke of the other day, and which he said was 
announced as a fact in legal and political science 
as fhr back as tho days of Madison. He might 
have crone much further back, certainly as far as 
Elizabeth 's Attorney General, that gifted jurist 
who, at the age of twenty-seven, was the greatest 
conuncn lawyerin the world. Sir Edward Coke 
proclaimed, when the name of Coke bore great 
s way in Britain, as it has done sincc in thc world 
—l quote the substance of his language from rec- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 30, 
ollection—that laws of Parliament conflicting with 
the laws of God were to be held utterly for naught. 
I am not afirming or denying this doctrine now, 
sir; but I do affrm that the love of liberty, the 
detestation of oppression, the unquenchable ha- 
tred of tyranny, which lies at the foundation of the 
anti-slavery sentiment of the North , is a law which 
cannot be suspended by congressional compro- 
mises, nor repealed except by that great Legisla- 
tor whose enactments quicken and still the pulses, 
and grasp and regulate the subtile essences of hu- 
I repeat, sir, that this anti-slavery sen- 
man life. 
timent lies at the bottom of southern discontent; 
not that had it lain dormant, asleep, like 
the 
passions in infancy 's breast, ' 'or found expression 
only in words, it would have provoked this angry 
quarrel, but it has found a voice in the politics of 
the country. 
It is charged with havilp accomplished uncen- 
stitutional ends or grasped at unconstitutional 
I deny it. 
It has controlled popular 
powers. 
there's the rub; it has come 
elections—ay, sir, 
like a chilling frost to nip in thebud darling schemes 
of personal ambition and far-reaching plots of 
It has changed the 
sectional aggrandizemen t. 
balance of •political power in this country. Its 
mission is not to do, l)ut to prevent; and yet, sir, 
do not deny that it ushers in a mighty reform- 
It calls a halt in a swift-moving proces- 
ation. 
Sion of great cvents. There shall be no more 
Mexican wars now, that slavery or ambition may 
travel on the crimson wings of military conquest. 
The armies of the Republic shall not now go forth 
to change realms to deserts, nor even to sack cities, 
or subduo "Ilerritories in ordcr to people them with 
slaves, and endow them with slave represent- 
ation. Ambassadors of the American R?public 
ut the Courts of Europe will not dare assem- 
ble at the tomb of Charlemagne and proclaim the 
Ostend manitosto. Henceforth American slavery 
shall be no morc the favored, pampered child of 
American destiny—a thing for Government to 
fondle and caress—but an interest havincr definite 
constitutional riThts, and having nothing more. 
All this, sir, was lonæ ago forcsccn by ihc pierc- 
ing eyes of southern potiticians, and the very year 
predicted in which it should come to pass. In that. 
same hour in which the horoscope foretold the 
political reverses of 1860, a child was born which 
has grown to armed rebellion. From that hour 
revolution has been premeditated and prepared, 
and that, too,.by men who, as officers of the Gov- 
ernment, had sworn to maintain it; but who have 
at last torn off their masks and revealed them- 
selves as conspirators tvainst it, and spurned it 
in its own Capital, with the very blasphemy of 
treason . 
Mr. SIMMS. Will the gentleman allow mc 
to ask him a question ? 
Mr. CONKLING. only upon the condition 
that the interruption does not come out of my 
time. 
Mr. SIMMS. concur with the gentleman that 
we should bc very frank in these times, and I 
want to ask him a question. 
Several MEMBERS objected. 
Mr. CONKLING. Öbjection is made, but not 
by me; and I am sorry I cannot yield to the gen- 
tleman . 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that, if 
a gentleman yields for interruptions, his time can- 
not be extended except by unanimous consent. 
Mr. SIMMS. Then do not press my request. 
Mr. CONKLING. Mr.Speaker,with this view 
of our predicament, its ori(Tin, its history, and 
its authors, I saw little, from the outset, that we 
could do, except tb abide the issue. On the Prcsi- 
dentof the United States and his Cabinet, grave re- 
sponsibilities were cast; responsibilities for which 
they will be held deeply answerable in more than 
one tribunal. By the Constitution, it was the duty 
of the President to sec that the wcrc faithfully 
executed ; but bc complains in his message that, by 
the act of 1795, giving effect to this provision, his 
action is merelyauxiliary to that of the courts, and 
that, inasmuch as in South Carolina the judicial 
and ministerial officers had resigned, his power to 
enforce the lasvs was practically paralyzed. That, 
sir, would be a proposition worthy of more search- 
ing discussion than it has yet received, if it were 
not swallowed up in one of far vaster magnitude. 
By the Constitution, the President is commander- 
in-chief of the Army and Navy, and is charged 
with the duty, and vested with tho power, of pre- 
serving, on the land and on the sea, ournational de- 
fenses. For the completcexereise of this power, he 
needed no courts to issue process and no marshal 
to execute it. Nothing was needed but firmness 
and integrity. Either one alone would have been 
suffcient; buthe chose to leave the country " naked 
to its enemies." He chose to imperil the lives of 
brave men, mewed up, treason4jound, in ungar- 
risoned fortresses, and to refuse them succor and 
If it be said that the movement 
reinforcement. 
southward of ships or men would have precipi- 
tated a bloody outbreak, it is anssvcr enough to 
say that the forts should have bcen garrisoned 
before the first mutterings of storm. It should 
have been done early; done gradually; done when 
sagacious and patriotic citizens of both sections 
advised and implored it. 
But, sir, it •wras not done; and the President of 
this mighty Republic stood petrified by fear, or 
Vacillating between determination an'd doubt, 
while rebels snatched from his nerveless grasp 
the ensign of the Republic, and waved before his 
eyes the banner of sécession and rebellion. 
With all this we had nothing to do. W c were 
powerless to control it. The Constitution oave us 
no such power; and I wish with all my heart the 
••,vhole people of the country knew as well as we 
know, how utterly impotent we wore—we, the 
Union party of this House—to control and influ- 
ence the course the Administration has seen fit to 
pursue, or to trammel up the infinite rnischief 
which has resulted from it. 
It was our duty to vole money to carry on the 
Government. Besides this duty what had we 
I fear, except share in the great 
Nothing, 
issue of tho hour, the ultimatum of this contro- 
versy—the question whether the people will con- 
sent to a disintegration of the Government, or 
unitcÖ maintain it. That any State could go out 
of tlie Union at will, I did not at all believe. The 
history of the convention which framed the Con- 
stitution shows that no such right exists. I do 
not desire to be drawn into a discussion of it; 
this hour rule denies me opportunity; but I want 
to remind gentlemen of a fact which have not 
heard mentioned here, and which should not be 
entirely forgotten. An attempt was made in the 
convention to introduce into the Constitution a 
provision giving this very right of secession 
which now is claimed. The proposition came from 
a distinguished quarter, and was urged by the 
mover to protect men, as he said , from the halter, 
who should do precisely what has been going on 
in the South for weeks past. Tho provision was 
voted down—voted down by men who thought 
that, in launching a great Government upon the 
tide of time, they were bringina into existence 
something with more longevity than a partner- 
ship; with more cohesion than a club of thirtecn 
members; and more lasting durability than a sew- 
inø society of women. It was spurned by statcs- 
men who believed they were making} not a con- 
tract to arrange a voluntary affliation of Statcs, 
but a Constitution to solemnize an eternal wed- 
lock of the people. 
Mr. Speaker, since I have turned aside from my 
purpose to speak of thc subject, I want to make 
another remark or two upon this nondescribt, par, 
adoxical thing called the riffht of secession." 
A constitutional right to violate the Constitution. 
A peaccab}e right to put half the country onawar 
footing, to arm men , and plantcannon everywhere, 
to sicze the Federal property, expel the Govern- 
ment, and fire upon unarmed vessels bearirjff its 
I believe there arc throe ways in which the 
fla„. 
people ofa State can cut themselvcs loose from 
their Federal allcgiance. The first is by an amend- 
ment of the Constitution, as provided for in the 
Constitution itself. 'I'he second is, by the consent, 
not of the remaining States, but of the people— 
to use a phrase of Mr. Madison 's— 
" by the uni- 
versal acquiescence of the American people. " The 
third is, by that right or power which, as the gen- 
tleman from Ohio well said, inheres in men and 
not in States, the option which all men have to 
defy their Government, and, if they succeed, to 
live, and live perhaps as patriots and heroes; but 
if they fail, to die, and die as rebels and as trai- 
tors. We have heard a greal deal said about co- 
ercing States. I never heard of any one who pro- 
posed to do it. States do not commit murder, nor 
rob, nor steal, nor take oaths and break them. 
Men do such things; and men are punishable, not 
States. 
