1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
65t 
It was asked here the other day whether laws 
were to be enforced if the people of a dozen States 
resisted them. Ah, Mr. Speaker, that is the old 
puzzle which has been presented to all Govern- 
ments. That is the old problem which has been 
solved by every Government that ever existed 
long enough to demonstrate the pot,ver of self-per- 
If one man comrmts murder in the 
peluation. 
State of Virginia, there is no difficulty in indicting 
and executing him. But if ten thousand men par- 
ticipate in that murder, all are indictable, and all 
are guilty; but they are not all punishable practi- 
cally, because the wheels of justice would roll 
axle-deep in blood, and so would stop for very 
clogging. The principle, however, remains the 
same. 
In this connection there is one remark I want 
to make about war—war, whether it be waged in 
In 
resistance of laws or for any other purpose. 
this material age, war is a very humdrum thing. 
The battles known to the crusaders, and sung by 
the Troubadours, have all been fought. War is 
no longer a question of personal valor or indi- 
vidual prowess; buta mere question of money—a 
question who can thro',v the most projectiles, who 
can indulge in the most iron and lea'd. It is no 
longer regulated by the laws of honor and chiv- 
alry, but entirely by the laws of trade. 
But, sir, had I that bad heart, that malevolence, 
which is supposed to exist mnong the northern 
people toward their brothers in the South—and 
which God knows I do not feel, nor do those I 
represent—did I desire to see secession drowned in 
its own blood, or witherand famish, I wouldcrown 
every discontented' State with instantaneous inde- 
pendence. There w.ould be no more rendition of 
fugitives then; there would be no General Gov- 
ernment to quell slave insurrections then; there 
would be no morc Mom•oedoctrine then; no morc 
national views that European nationalities shall 
never interfere upon this continent; but hostility 
to slavery, death rather than cxpansion, would 
become a leading policy of all nations, whether 
transatlantic or adjacent. A slaveholding con- 
federacy would cast out its shoe at its peril over 
one foot of land beyond its present limits capable 
of yielding any product that man can eat or any 
fabric that man can wear. I say beyond its pres- 
ent limits. I will come nearer home, and say, 
that whoever shall attempt to hold even the rnouth 
of the Mississippi, or to control it even so far as 
to assume to dispense the right of free navigation, 
may have reason to exclaim— 
" To be thus is nothing, but to be safely thus." 
The cotton statistics of the x.vorld are full of 
instructive meaning to those who base their calcu- 
iations on the supposition that American slave- 
raised cotton is to be perpetually king. The 
frrures point to a time when this restless monarch, 
weird sis- 
goaded to new usutpations by the 
avarice, ambition , and secession, may havc 
tcrs"' 
reason to groan in the soliloquy of a guilty king: 
Upon my head they placed a fruitless crown, 
And put a barren scepter in my gripe, 
Thence to be wrenched with an uniineal hand, 
No son of mine succeedin•r." 
But, Mr. Speaker, in consequence of interrup- 
tions, and of the crowd of topics which prcss upon 
me, I have wandered far from the line I intended 
to pursue. 
I desire to inquire what can be done, what 'sve 
ought to do, With the various propositions im- 
mediatcly before us? Bclicving, as I do, that a 
morc unjustifiable revolt—and I must be permit- 
ted to add, one more perfidious, so far as regards 
the relationships of men—was never led against 
an established Government, one difficulty has 
been, all along, to see how any branch of the Gov- 
ernment could, with safety or propriety, enter 
upon negotiations at all. To agree under a threat 
to what is right and just, is a very humiliating 
and unmanly thing, even in an individual. But 
for a oreat Government to do it—a Government 
that acknowledges no superior among the Powers 
of the earth—what shall be said of that? In such 
a casc it must be justified, if justified at all, either 
by a necessity entirely desperate or a magnanim- 
ity entirely sublime. 
Can there be a doubt that to change laws at the 
violent behest of those who are engaged in resisc- 
ing them would demoralize and jeopard any Gov- 
insurgents standing with arms in their hands 
would bc not only to confess impotency, but to 
offer bounty for popular clamor and insubordina- 
tion? I have heard such concessions called tubs 
thrownto the whale; I call them planks thrown to 
the mob, and I never heard ofa mob less deserv- 
ing to be dallied with, according to my apprehen- 
sion, than that which has seized the possessions 
of the Government, snatched its property and its 
money, and fired upon its flag. I have no desire 
to wound the feelings of any man; but I must be 
permitted to say, that if speaking with bated breath 
of such despicable marauders is any part of any- 
body's compromise, I want, for one, to be counted 
out, all the way out to the last act in the drama, 
No, sir, confining my view to the State execu- 
tivcs who have become actors in treason, and to 
the people, be they many or few, who havc raiscd 
the standard of rebellion, I care not in what State, 
I have no compromise to offer, no terms to talk 
about; none, until they return to their allegiance, 
haul down their palmettos and pelicans, doff their 
cockades, and wear, as we wear, the livery of 
treason, but the garb of citizenship and submis- 
Sion to the laws. 
But, sir, fortunately there are true and• loyal 
men in all the States; and, unfortunately, public 
tranquillity in none of the States of the Confed- 
eracy. Distraction and excitement reign in States 
whose executives and a majority of whose peo- 
ple are loyal to the Union and the Constitution. 
These are the more northerly slaveholding States. 
They are represent.ed here, in part at least, by 
men whose patriotism and character entitle them 
and their opinions to the highest consideration. 
The people of these States have obvious and pow- 
erful incentives to launch upon the tide of seces- 
sion. They have the closest affinities, political, 
social, geographical , and commercial , with regions 
and communities in which irreverence for the Con- 
stitution and hostility to the Union has gone so 
far, that fealty to the General Government has 
been made punishable With death. In all of these 
States two parties exist: one in favor of dis- 
union, the other persistently opposed to it. Was 
this otherwise, were the people of these States 
indiscriminately affected, indiscriminately only 
hesitating, halting between two conclusions, not 
ready to declare themselves out of the Confeder- 
acy, but waiting to be induced to stay in; was 
there an average public sentiment demanding to 
be addressed and persuaded not to disown the 
Government, the case would be widely different. 
If the people of any State were thus up to be 
rafHed for, by the Government on one Side and 
traitors on the other, I would decline the compe- 
tition. I would not see the Government a bid- 
der at an auction where allegiance and patriotism 
were to bc sold. I would rather commend to a 
sister, thus to be coaxed into wedlock, 
the assurancc which the poet says an old warrior 
gave his daughter: 
A hero shall thy bridegroom be, 
Since maids are best in battle wooed 
And won with shouts of victory." 
But, sir, no such degeneracy exists in Dela- 
ware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Ken- 
tucky, rrennessec, and Missouri, and I hope not 
In all these States at least, public 
in other States. 
virtue still•livcs, robust and unawed. This debate 
will preserve brigh t and enduring traces of the patri- 
otism, the genius, and the loyalty of their sons. To 
these brave rnen , struggling to maintain their own 
foothold in tho storiY), and laboring to inspire 
others with thcir own spirit, I will givc all the 
help I can to enable them to stem the current of 
revolution, and roll back the tide of sectional mad- 
ness and egotism. [Applause in the galleries.] 
Not that I believe it will avert the issue of dis- 
union; but still I will In ake concessions. Conces- 
sions which will show that wc do not, as the gen- 
tlcman from Virginia [1M r. GARNETT] said the 
ment, held out the- last offer, and resorted to the 
last expedient wc were warranted in employing. 
Mr. Speaker, I see must be very brief, qvhich I 
regret, because my design was to discussthe differ• 
ent propositions before us with some particular- 
icy. I will say hastily what, for one, I propose 
to do with regard to them. Gentlemen complain 
that their constituents feel aggrieved with regard 
to our territorial policy; and I will begin with 
that. 
The line of 360 30 long ago became a conse• 
crated line upon the political chart of our country. 
It was ruthlessly blotted out; but it is the better 
remembered for the stupendous crime and folly 
which erased it. Though not an isothermal line, 
gentlemen all virtually start with the idea that 
north of it slavery cannot subsist. On the south 
of it, a distinguished Senator from Kentucky [Mr. 
CRITTENDEN] has proposed to license and protect 
slavery by an amendment of the Constitution—— 
an amendment which shall embrace not only pres- 
ent possessions, butextend to future acquisitions. 
The same proposition is here, as an amendment 
to the pending rcpou•t offered by the distinguished 
gentleman from the Wheeling district of Virginia, 
[Mr. CLEMENS.] No matter in what guise, or 
from what quarter it comes, for one, f cannot vote 
for it; and for a number of reasons, two of which 
In the first place, I will not vote to 
I will state. 
establish slavery anywhere. Thc eighth section 
of the act admitting Missouri, commonly called 
the Missouri compromise, did not establish, or 
even recognize, slavery at all. It merely fixed a 
certain bound, and dedicated to perpetual free- 
dom all territory north of it, saying nothing about 
territory on the south. In that respect, there is a 
world-wide difference between the old proposition 
and the new. 
But, sir, passing over this objection, as applied 
to territory now held, who shall count the conse- 
quences or compute the folly and disaster of guar• 
antying to slavery all possessions hereafter to be 
acquired? What calamity might not spring from 
making to slavery this golden promise ofa shad" 
owy and eternal by-and-by? Why, sir, it would 
amount to a perpetual covenant of war against 
every people, tribe, and State owning a foot of land 
between here and Terra del Fuego. It would 
make the Government the armed missionary of 
slavery. Eternal quarrels would be picked across 
the frontier lines, tile Government must protect its 
citizens and demand indemnity for hostilities; 
and thus, for purposes of land-stealing and slave- 
planting, we should be launched upon a shoreless 
and starless sea of war and fillibustering. 
sired to make some further suggestions about this 
proposition; but I pass iL by. 
Of territory already acquired, there is none 
below 360 30', aside from that devoted to Indian 
tribes, save New Mexico and Arizona. Unfit as 
these Territories must be conccded to be—I beg 
pardon of my friend the Delegate, [Mr. OTERO] 
—to enter this Union as a State, no matter what 
constitution they bring, I will vote for the enabling 
act brought in by the distinguished gentleman at 
the head of thc committee of thirty-three. B"t, 
sir, in supporting this bill I will practice no de- 
ception, cvcn by silence. No suggestio fal.si, or 
even suppressio veri, shall lurk about my vote. 
will not hold out the idea to the. South that New 
Mexico will come in as a slave State, for I do not 
I believe that if she does not come 
believe it. 
frec from the start, slie will never be in any prac- 
tical sense a slaveholding State. 'I*here are twelve 
slaves there now, as I understand it, and situa- 
tion, soil, climate, and surroundings, will bufilc 
slavery, now or hereafter. This is my belief; and 
I will vote to carry out the compromises of 1850, 
dcclaring, as they do, that Now Mexico may 
come in with or without slavery, as her constitu- 
tion shall provide. 
will vote for all the resolutions appended to 
other day, stand " idle spectators while the ship the report of the chairman, declaratory of the 
unconcerned observers of duty of everybody to observe constitutional obli- 
drifts upon thc rocks," 
the approach of the harpies of the shorc to pluck gations. I would gladly vary the language of two 
of these resolutions, but only to express morc un- 
the eagle of the sea. Concessions which, 
if sus- 
I tained on this side of the House, will show the i mistakably, if possible, the meaning they are, no 
doubt, intended to ccnivey. 
magnanxmous pco*of the North that their Rep- 
I will vote for the bill amendatory of the fugitive 
resentatives struck ands with Union men of all 
sections aud all parties, and went in kindness slave law of 1850, provided it can,be amended in 
two particulars. In. the first place, 1 would strike 
and conciliation to the very verge of debatable 
propositions; concessi0Yis which will show that out the provision for a retrial, upon the mere ipse 
we abandoned the effort. to avert disunion and civil dicit of a judge, of the freedom of the allcgcd fu- 
crnment? Can there be a (IGubt that for civil I 
authorities to propose. terni;s of arrangement to ii war, only when we had cxhausted the last argu- gitivc, after it has been once found by a jury. If 
