twelve men, selected by lot from a slaveholding 
population in the vicinage where the claimant 
lives, pronounce a negro free, I would not, simply 
because the judge is not satisfied with the verdict, 
remand him to be put in peril a second time, the 
jury to be met at the threshold by a certificate 
that the conclusion arrived ut by the preceding 
jury was not satisfactory to the court. If the pro- 
vision is intended for the benefit of the alleged 
fugitive, and to give him second trial in case the 
first results adversely to him, say so in the biH, 
and Ict the provision follow the reasonable doubt, 
infuoorem vitæ; or, if this is too much to ask, then 
give both claimant and defendant the same rights 
of exception and review allowed in criminal cases. 
Secondly, would provide redress for those 
who, after being arrested and transported for 
trial, are found not to be fugitives at all, nor to 
owe service to any one. I would not invade cs- 
tablished maxims so far as to subject men to ma- 
licious or mistaken arrests, and leave any doubt 
about their remedy. The remedy, in this case, 
it seems to me, is a right of action in the State 
where the arrest is made. It should bc so guardcd 
that, in case ofa false arrest by mistake, and not 
from malice, the bona Jules of those making it 
should avail them in mitigation of damages, so as 
to confine the verdict to strict compensation and I 
prevent a recovery of smart money. With these 
changes made, the statute will not be very taste- 
fui to gentlemen on this side of the House; but I 
will vote for it, and find my justification in the 
anxious, earnest wish I- feel, in common with the 
people I represent, to do everything which can 
bc fairly asked to preserve the Union and har- 
mony of the States. 
An act is reported, transferring fron') the Gov- 
ernors of States to Federal judges the duty of 
surrenderiney, upon requisition, persons charged 
with crime. 
It seems to me an importance has 
been given to this subject, by gentlemen here, 
which it docs not deserve. A good deal of lasv 
respecting it has becn put forth on both sides of 
the Ilouse, from which I respectfully dissent, and 
it appears to me u great strain to drag the matter 
into tho vortex of sectional strife and slave agi- 
tation. 
The courts and Executives must be able to 
settle the practice for the rendition of criminals 
upon a basis as little obnoxious to one portion of 
the country as another, and avoiding some, at 
least, of the practical objections applicable to this 
Thus, Mr. Speaker, I have referred to every 
proposition proceeding from the committec of 
thirty-three save one; that one is to submit to the 
Legislatures of the States a constitutional amend- 
—an amendment placing it forever out of the 
ment 
power of any number of States less than the wholc 
nutnbcr to amend the Constitution respecting 
slavery in the slaveholding States. 
I regret, sir, that such proposition is here. 
1 
regret that it was deemed necessary, especially 
after the resolution on the same point 
—thc t.hird 
of the series, I think. For the resolution, I pre- 
sumc every gentleman on this side of the I-lousc 
will cordially vote; the prot)osai to amend thc 
Constitution presents very difl7u•ent considera- 
tions. 
I have been unable to discover any adC- 
quate motive for it, or any object to bc gained. 
Gentlemen of the South have heretofore rel)clied 
the insinuation that the Constitution was not sat- 
isfactory to them precisely as it is. The coin- 
plaint has been, not that constitutional guaran- 
tees were insufficient; but that the people of the 
North did not or would not observe them. This II 
is the sole complaint about tbc Constitution at 
present, as I understand it. If, then, we do not ob- 
serve it now, what hope is there that we shall ob- 
serve it after it hus been altored? I say, none; no I 
hope that any one will revere it as much then 
as they do now, v,'hile it remains as our fathers 
made it. 
is said, however, that the object of this amend- I 
ment is so to rivet the fastenilps as to provide 
against our bad faith. Passino• over II-te insult of 
this proposition, {he arcyument is bad; bad, bc- 
cause atnendznents as dangerous to the South as 
that th sough t to guarded against, will still re- 
main accessibic,to the Punic faith of the frec States , 
when they shall multiply to thc needed number— 
tle of to-day, to be brought forth of the throes of 
centuries themselves unborn. But, sir, I cannot 
652 
those forty-five free Slates, conceived, in the prat- the gallant and men who signed the 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 30, 
reconcile myself to the idea of disturbing the Con- 
stitution. in the least of its particulars. It may be 
a superstitious feeling, but I fear you will unset- 
tle the nation's faith on the day when you admit 
that a time has arrived when the Constitution is 
no longer equal to the emergency. It came as it 
is now from the heroic age of the Republic; its 
origin and its antiquity enhance its sacredness and 
supremacy. Men do not think of it as a machine 
to be regulated; but they trust to it as a benefi- 
cent overruling provision, having a providence in 
it to order all things well. 
Let us keep the Constitution as it is and obey 
it as it is, cvcn to the uttermost. If degenerate 
Americans shall hawk at and tear it, freedom will 
provide a Gibbon, or better yet, a Dante, to im- 
mortalize thc crime—some limner, with infernal 
pencil, to group the assassins in a picture horrid 
with resemblance, and hang it up to sicken and 
affright the gaze of those xxvho shall hereafter tread 
the. corridors of time. 
Now, sir, before the hammer falls, one word 
of conclusion.' The people I represent are a gen- 
crous, bravc, and peace-loving people. They 
cling to the institutions of their country with an 
earncstand almost idolatrous attachment. So does 
the great State of New York, with her four mil- 
lion people. So hcr Legislature has testified with 
impressive unanimity. While Commonwcalths 
of the South are embracing thc pillars Of the Re- 
public, determined to destroy it, New York offers 
men and money to assert the supremacy of the 
Government, and defend il against all comers. 
The people of the State of New York believc 
in this Government as their fathers made it. They 
believe in it not as a mere commercial league, 
whose material advantages they can calculate, and 
whose value they can weigh in golden scales. To 
them it is something more. They cherish it for 
its memories of martyrs, of heroes, and of states. 
men; they cherish it for its wisdom, grand with 
the revelations and pregnant with the experience 
of buried centuries and epochs; they cherish it 
for the shelter it aflörds aoainst the tempest, 
which , without it, would burst upon this continent 
in an hour; above all, they cherish it for its prom- 
iscs unredeemed, its mission uncompleted, its des- 
tiny unfulfilled. In the world-trod streets of our 
great metropolis sixty four languacres and dialects 
In this chaos of voices are breathed 
are spoken. 
the prayers and muttered the curses of the exile, 
the refugee, the emancipated of all Governments 
and all climes. Of this motley group of tongues 
there is not one—no, not one—without an anath- 
ema to blast the man who would overthrow free 
institutions in this continent of ours. Among the 
vocabularies of them all, in which shall be found 
the word whereby to call so infinite a crime? It is 
a deed without a known name. 
Mr. STEVENSON obtained the floor. 
NEW MEMBER SWORN IN. 
Mr. GROW. The member from the State of 
Kansas is present, and ready to be sworn in. 
MARTIN F. CONWAY, Representative from the 
State of Kansas, then appeared and took the usual 
oath to support the Constitution of the United 
States. 
STATE OF UNION—AGAIN. 
Mr. VALLANDIGI-IAM. Before the 
man from Kentucky proceeds with his remarks, 
I would be glad to know what is the pending 
question. In what order do the various propo- 
sitions stand? 
The SPEAKER. The question before the 
House is the report of tho sclcct committee of 
thirty-throe. Two tunendments to that report are 
pending—ono moved by t.he gentleman from Cal- 
lfornia, [Mr. BURCH,] and one by the gentteman 
from Virginia, [Mr. CLEMENS.] 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The amendment 
of the gentleman from Virginia is what is known 
as the Crittenden resolutions, and is the oneimme- , 
diately pending before the I-louse? 
The SPEAKER. It is. 
Mr. STEVENSON then addr ssed the House 
[His speech wil be published in 
for an hour. 
the Appendix.] 
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, we 
have arrived at a period in the history of our 
country which was never even dreamed of by 
Declaration of Independence, and the statesmen 
who frtuned thc national Constitution. They 
never conceived the idea that, in the short space 
of eighty-four years, our population would have 
increased from three to thirty million; that our 
territory would have occupied a geographical 
area of three million three hundred thousand 
square miles; and that the taxable property of our 
prosperous and industrious people would have 
increased to the enormous sum of 
that our foreign trade would have advanced from 
to $800,000,000 annually; that the 
States of the Union would have numbered thirty- 
thrcc; and that all civilized nations would have 
bowed in humble reverence before the supremacy 
of our power. Such, at this day, is the position 
that the North American Republic occupies in the 
great family of nations. 
Butcould they again have lifted the vail of that 
mysterious future, and have seen that, in 1860 and 
1861, in the very midst of such unparalleled pros- 
perity, we should have been falling to pieces, and 
crushed out of existence by the weight of our own 
power, they would have shrunk from the im- 
portance and responsibility of their work, and left 
us to struggle on in our oppression to a foreign 
yoke; and their pens would have fallen powerless 
and paralyzed from their hands, could they have 
imagined for a moment that, at this day, sur- 
roulided by such exalted ad vantages, commanding 
such profound respect, we should, for such light 
and trifling causes, and by our own ovcrtacts, have 
placed ourselves upon the very verge of destruc- 
tion and dissolution ; could they have thought that, 
at so early a period of our country's history, we 
should have brought upon ourselves the contempt 
of other nations, and that they -would be laughing 
at our calamities, and mocking when our fear 
cometh, and that they would be smiling the de- 
moniac smile of delight because our destruction 
is coming upon us like a whirlwind. Even with 
ali the defects that can be traced out by the most 
fervid imagination, do we not owe all that we are, 
that we have been, 01' that we will be in all future 
time, to the Union, as we have received it from 
our noble ancestry ? W c, sir, are responsible for 
its safe transmission to our immediate successors; 
and they tvrain to theirs, until it reaches, by lin- 
cal and collateral descents, the most distant futu- 
rity. We have in it no other title than a life-es- 
tate, and have no right to lay upon it violent 
hands, and break the chain that is to carry it to 
our children arid our children 's children, to the 
remotest period of time. 
Mr. Slocaker, the day has (rone by when we 
may manufhcture political capital from passing 
events; for the time has fairly arrived when all true 
patriots must throw aside all political distinction 
and diflörence, and meet together upon a common 
platforrn, and exert our whole energies to the ut- 
most tension to save our sinking country from 
utter ruin and desolation. He who now r.efuses 
fo do so is recreant in his duty to his country, to 
his God, and $0 all posterity; for the mysterious 
Mover of nature, the universal Lord of being, 
that God that in the immensity of his works di- 
rects the movements of all nations, will hold this 
people responsible for the preservation of our na- 
tional privileges. We pray God that in this case, 
as in all others, He Thay make the wrath of man 
to praise Him, and that the remainder of wrath 
He may restrain; and that future generations 
.may be spared the pain of serious contemplation 
over the ruined splendor of our achievements and 
the mcmory of our fallen greatness. We know 
that all human power cannot prevent the dictates 
of destiny, which is the voice of Divinity. Sir, 
every lover of his country should humble himself 
in sackcloth and ashes, that our doom, which 
seemingly is scaled, may be averted, as was an- 
cient. Nineveh, even after the prophet of God, by 
his express commands, had proclaimed her im- 
mediate and terrible destruction. 
If '•,ve allow this nation to be destroyed, •when 
we have the power within our own hands to per- 
petuate it, history will hold us responsible; and 
no argument that we can now place upon record 
will be sufficient to hush to silence the voice and 
judgment of an outraged and defrauded posterity. 
And though, under the heat and excitement of the 
hour, we may think the cause sufficient to justify 
the effect, yet, in the estimation of a cool and col- 
lected posterity, the cause will be considered but 
as the dust of the balance; and they will justly 
consign to perpetual infamy the memory , not only 
of those who did the act, but of all those who did 
