1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
655 
'•.vhole Union contained, both free and slave, in 
its inception, besides a greater number of free 
States even than slave. Then, sir, no region of 
this nation, whatever may be its peculiar insti- 
tutions, has anything to apprehend from a politi- 
cal principle based upon an untruth. 
I'vlr. Speaker, I am truly rejoiced to know that 
my colleague [Mr. SHERMAN] has at last come to 
the conclusion that, for the safety and preserva- 
tion of this Union, the Constitution must be ob- 
served and the laws must be enforced. And I 
regret that the whole Republican party had not 
discovered that important fact long since, for it 
would have saved this nation from its present per- 
ilous crisis. Then, sir, I cannot believe that any 
of these seceding States had a just, or at least 
stifiicient,cause for so hastily and abruptly break- 
ing off their conncct.ion with this Confederacy; 
for we consider it as a self-evident proposition 
that ours is the best system of Government ever 
produced by human ingenuit.y for the happiness 
and prosperity of any people; and all who cannot 
live within its pale and precincts do not deserve 
to have a Government. And those who stand 
upon this floor and talk so loudly about its oppres- 
sion, its tyranny, its corruption, and its unequal 
working, are only acting under the misguided and 
uncertain effects ofa heated imagination. Condem n 
not our institutions—for they offer equal rights to 
all, and monopoly and opprcssion to none—for 
by so doing you are casting an imputation upon 
your own ancestry, and oftu•ing an insult to the 
spirit that conceived and the genius that brought 
forth the most complete plan of popular rights 
that has ever been devised; and which, 
political earthquake, is shaking •the solid foun- 
dation of European thrones. Let our glorious sun 
be extinguished in the political firmament, and i 
it will be succeeded by a long political night, the 
darkness of which will only be dispelled by the 
splendid dawn of the Inorn of that grand millen- 
nium that is to renovate the world. 
Sir, there are no conditions upon which I, or 
the constituency which I have the honor to rep- 
resent, can give up this Union; and I would be 
recreant to the duty which I owe to myself, to 
them, and to all posterity, if I were in the slight- 
est degree to favor such mn idea. And in order 
that I may bc clearly understood, I believe that 
this Government possesses the power within itself 
to perpetuate its own existence; for if it docs not, 
or if it never did, or if the salt has lost its savor, 
the sooner it 
the sooner it is known the better; 
is thrown out and trodden undet foot of men, of 
aspirants, of demogogues, the better. We ought 
not for another day to be thus placing our exalted 
hopes of empire upon the baseless fabric of this 
VISIon. 
What is our condition to-day? The credit of 
our nation sacrificed and destroyed by the spirit 
of faction; and whereas but three we 
could have commanded the confidencc and coffers 
of Europe to the extent of at the 
very smallest rate of interest, we cannot to-day 
keep up our current expenses, in loans from our 
own citizens, at the heavy rate of twelve per cent. 
Her trade is paralyzed, her industry checked, her 
citizens thrown out. of employment, her manufac- 
turing establishments stopped, her merchants and 
business men clamoring, and her agricultural in- 
terests, the certain Source of her real wealth, corn- 
pletely prostrated. Her States seceding, hc.r ports, 
arsenals, forts, castles, and dock-yards seized, her 
vessels takcn and fired into, her flag torn from its 
place, insulted, and hurled to the dust; and all by 
the madness of faction, and our people seemingly 
bent upon their own ruin. 
Mr. Speaker, are we thus suddenly to be cut 
off without hope, and destroyed without remedy ? 
I believe, for the present, It is the duty of the 
Government to protect her property, to keep open 
her ports and collect, her revenue; and, if that is 
coercion, we are for coercion to that cxtent. My 
collearrue, [Mr. PENDLETON,] in his masterly and 
eloquent spccch and his rnost ingenious and able 
aro•ument, mistook the whole cause of the Amer- 
ican Revolution upon which he based his elegant 
and eloquent remarks. Did the American people 
refusc to pay their taxes? Did they refuse to pay 
the revenue? Did they refuse to pay their duties? 
Did they refuse these obligations to the English 
Government? They did. But what was the cause? 
It was because these things were imposed upon 
them without their consent, and it was taxation 
without representation. They had laws put upon 
them which they had no say in making, and the 
enforcement of •which was undertaken against a 
free and independent people without their consent; 
and they did just what they ought to have done; 
they resisted ; and in that bold resistance they re- 
ceived the sympathy of all civilized nations and 
the support of the empire of France. 
But, sir, has not every State an equal represent- 
ation in the national Legislature? Is the people of 
any section taxed without representation; and 
have not all the revenue laws found upon our 
statute-books been passed by this Congress, and 
received the sicnature of the Executive of the 
Union? Why, sir, so jealous is this Government 
of the rights of the whole people, that the Terri- 
tories, which in reality are our colonies, and 
occupy about the same position to us that wc in 
our colorlial condition sustained to the English 
Government, are exempt from the obligations of 
taxation; and, because they have not a full repre- 
sentation upon this floor, the whole expenses of 
the government of a Territory are defrayed by 
the national Govcrnment. And, with all duc 
deference to the opinions of my distinguished 
colleague, I must consider it as unjust to this 
magnificent Government, and to the constituents 
of every Representative upon this floor, to even 
compare the workings of our free institutions to 
the tyranny and oppression of the English Gov- 
ernment, which aroused the outraged and insulted 
colonies to a successful resistance. The Ameri- 
can Revolution is the most brilliant and glorious 
in history, simply because it was founded upon 
right and justice and resistance tyrants. The 
present secession movemeut is beneath the dig. 
nity of the American people, because it presents 
the spectacle to tl•te. world of the 
bravest and Inost chivalrous people upon earth 
fleeing in the advance ofa mere ghost of tyranny, 
a specter painted upon the imarinary map of a 
distant future. Sir, did the American colonies 
act upon the unreal imagery of fancy, or the cer- 
tain earnestness of a devoted truth ? 
Sir, in the present position of the crisis, I am 
opposed to coercing any of these seceding States, 
because 1 believe the tramp and tread of hostile 
armies would in reality p14ce our people at a re- 
turnless distance from each other. And I believe 
that the wholc question ig yet within the reach 
and arrangements of the arts ot• peace. I believe 
that concession and comprolnise is now, as it has 
been on many occasions heretofore, potent in the 
full adjustment of every difficulty that now besets 
"i'he satisfactory adjustment of this whole 
us. 
question is yet within the hands of the Republi- 
can party; they hold in their hands the destiny 
of this empire, and it yet remains to be 
demonstrated to the country and to the world 
whether they will hold on to their platform at the 
expense of the Republic,—whether they will hold 
I on to the shadow at the expense of the substance. 
The eagle eye of a distracted and disturbed na- 
tion is upon them; and will they pour oil upon 
its troubled waters? And though the General Gov- 
errnnent may possess the full right to coerce a 
State, in the present disturbed condition of the 
southern mind, it would be ruinous in its results, 
for this seceding Inovcmcnt has the sympathy, 
and, in case of war, would have the support, of 
every southern State; and it would be bringing 
twelve million determined and brave people in 
collision with eighteen, and God only knows what 
would be the end of such a contest; but there is 
it would be the end of the 
one thing certain, 
American Republic. 
Now, sir, there are propositions upon which 
thcsc questions can be fully settled; and it is the 
duty of all parties to throw aside all platforms 
and conu_,• forward to the rescue. Let us resort 
to concession and compromise; for in this we 
have the precept and example of Clav and Web- 
ster, Calhoun, Cass, and Jackson, mid all others 
of the great statesmen who have graced our halls 
of legislation. But, sir, we cannot pursue this 
all-absorbing question any further, but must turn 
out attention to the great West, the revion which 
we more immediately represent. -we cannot have 
secession; we cannot tolerate separation; we can- 
not listen to dissolution, for, in that event, we are 
sippi river to go beyond their control without the 
utmost strife. We are told here by gentlemen 
that the southern confederacy, when formed, do 
not design to close that natural highway against 
the greai West. But stop, gentlemen, and listen 
to reason: when that southern confederacy is 
formed, it will be as much a foreign Power, as 
far as we are concerned, as France was at the 
time we made our purchase; it was then closed. 
against us; and if it falls into the hands of a for- 
eign Power, it will be again. But again: we are 
told that the necessities of trade will keep it per- 
petually open to the enterprising of all that mighty 
region which it drains. That may do for. the sun- 
shme of peace; but the clouds of war may over- 
shadow, and then will you allow the free naviga- 
tion of the Mississippi river? No, sir; our trade 
will be cut off; our products will rot upon our 
hands; and our whole commercial and agricul- 
tural interests will be ruined. 
Again: we are asked if we doubt the honor and 
integrity of our southern brethren. We do not, 
while you remain part and parcel of us, but as 
• soon as you separate without cause or provoca- 
tion from us, wc will have to regard you, as we 
regard all other foreicners, enemies in war, in 
peace, friends. And why are you this day refus- 
lng to trust the Republican party, upon a legal 
and constitutional election, with the reins of this 
Government? It is because it is sectional in its 
fi±elings and forms, and pledged to the doctrine of 
the irrepressible conflict, and to the final pxterm- 
ination of your own peculiar institution. Now, 
sir, there is no power upon earth to which we 
will silently yield to take peaceable possession of 
that river; for, gentlemen, at any hour, with a 
very slight expense of blood and treasure, you 
can close that stream against us, and ruin our 
peculiar institutions. 
Mr. Speaker, it was at the urgent demand of 
the people of the Northwest that the mouth of 
the Mississippi was purchased. When we were 
but one half million people, we soon discovered 
that the products of that vast region must find an 
outlet at some point; and naturally turning our 
eyes upon the Mississippi, we saw at once that 
that was the outlet to that whole productive coun- 
try; but it was in the hands of a foreign Power. We 
demanded its acquisition at the hands of Mr. Jef- 
ferson, who was then President of the United 
States. He examined the Constitution, and was 
led to the conclusion that that instrument did not 
vest the powerin the General Government to make 
such a purchase. Sir, he was told that there was 
a power above the Constitution; and that was the 
voice of the people; and he looked again to that 
article, and he found that it was inserted there 
that " all powers not delegated by this Constitu- 
tion are rcscrved to the States and people;" 
finding nothing there prohibiting such an arrangc- 
ment, he concluded he had the authority; and, 
under that supposition, he added to the Union 
that grand and fertile region, and thereby ob- 
tained for us the mouth the Mississippi; and 
can it be imagined fora rrioment that, at this day, 
we will give it over to seceders to satisfy their in- 
satiable thirst for power? We are now nine mik- 
lion people; our wealth has amounted to the sum 
of $700,000,000; we have advanced more rapidly 
than any other region; we have the most loyal 
population in the country; we are for the Urnon 
of these States, the whole Union as it is; we are 
for each and every right of each and every citizen. 
And do they suppose that we will give up our 
I right to that mighty stream? If they do, they are 
miserably mistaken. 
Then, sir, let these vexed questions be settled 
at every hazard; for, viewing them in their rnoet 
favorable light, they will brincr upon thc nation all 
the terrible consequences of Civil war, bloodshed, 
and rapine. And are you willing, to-day, to have 
Lincoln, like the ancient emperors of Mexico, 
installed into the Chief Magistracy of the Ameri- 
can Republic over a hecatomb of human sacri- 
fic.es? Recollect that but a few months ago you 
were asserting that the election of your candidate 
would give peace and prosperity and happiness 
to the nation, and that confidence would bc fully 
restored; and in the short space of three months 
after that event, are you demanding at the hands 
rained. And I say here to-day, that there are of the nation the powers of the Al•my and Navy, 
eight million people loyal to the*Constitution and not to repel foreign aggression, but to butcher and 
faithful to the Union, occupying that vast valley, I destroy your own citizens. Sir, I do not believe 
who will nevor suffer the mouth of the Missis- l. that this can be; I do not believe that the end of 
