656 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 31. 
the Republic isyet; but I believc there is yet suf- II freemen who inhabit this great and growing coun- 
ficient moral force to repel all physical force, and 
that the nation will again be restwed to its ori- 
ginal exalted position among the nations of the 
earth, and yet remain as an evidence of the capa- 
city of this people for self-government. 
There are men yet livmg who were present at 
the birth of the Republic; and shall they survive as 
mourners around its grave? Shall the soldiers I 
•of the Revolution survive to see the splendid fab- 
ric erected by themselves totter to its fall for a 
few of them remain as the last rays of the set- 
ting sun upon the loftiest mountain peak. I be- 
lieve that the.nations demand at our hand, to set- 
tle this question in harmony and peace; and he 
who fails to do it, or determines to do otherwise, 
will bring upon himself the perpetual infamy of 
an injured and outraged people. The question is 
not, shall we adhere to our own political notions ? 
but the question is, shall we be plunged in a civil 
war, or shall our nation still continue to shed 
forth the benign influences of peace? 
Recollect that from the smallest causes some- . 
times flow the mightiest results. A princess of 
the house of Austria once carelessly remarked, 
that kings and potentates should pay no morc 
attention to the voice of the people than to the 
barking of dogs; and this single observation so 
inflamed the public mind in France that that same 
princess, in the short space ofa few years, saw 
the heads of kings and princes rolling from be- 
neath the ax of the guillotine like autumn leaves 
after a desolate storm; and that storm did not ceasc 
till it had driven religion from its sanctuary, virtue 
from her empire, and government from existence, 
and finally brought about those terrible campaigns 
that desolated every division of Europe, and one 
million one hundrcd thousand men were at one 
tirne arrayed in hostile combat against each other. 
Then, I believe that this day this national Legis- 
lature holds within its control the destiny of thirty 
million people. Allow it to slip unimproved bc- 
yond your power; allow the American people an 
appeal to arms in the udjustmej)t of their imagined 
rights, and you will be responsible for its results; 
for you hold in your hands the olive branch of 
What American citizen does not feel a glow of 
pride thrili his very soul to see the present Exec- 
utive, in the declimng days of his administration, 
standing by the Constitution and Union , enforcing 
the national laws, elevating our flag, and showing 
a determination at all hazards to preserve and per- 
petuate our national honor? Who docs not ud- 
mire the brave and chivalrous Major Anderson, 
who, in the integrity of his heart, with an iron 
wikl, a patriotic spirit, and a firm resolution, is 
standing by his own and his nation 's glory? He 
will never allow that flag that he has been sent to 
protect to trail in the dust. Let him, as a gallant 
soldier, be firm and unwavcrino• in the discharge 
of his duty; for the burning focus of the nation's 
cyc is upon him as one of her noblest sons. The 
indelible expression of hutnan crratitudc is comincr 
up from every part of an injured nation; and the 
ceaseless homage of all posterity will identify his 
name with the history of his country. 
f am willing 10 go for the Crittenden proposition, 
not that it meets my own political views—for thcy 
are in direct opposition to many of my notions of 
policy—but I believe that it will settle the present 
diffculties more fully and satisfactorily than any 
other before this body and the country. It comes 
from a statesman whose experience reaches 
through three fourths of ocu• constitutional exist- 
ence, and who certainly understands, as well as 
any other man living, the spirit of our institutions, 
It comes 
and the theory of our Government. 
from a statesman who is not. ultra, but conserva- 
live, in his whole political policy, and in favor of' 
the Constitution and Union, and the enforcement 
it comes frorn a patriot who, like, 
of the iaw\. 
myself, does not believe that there is any question 
upon which he could consent to give up this Union; 
but who believes that all ntdionul questions are 
within the reach and adjustment of the arts of 
try, it would fall like thunder tones on this Con- 
gress, commanding it, to arrange this detestable 
question, for it is only uselessly disturbing t.he 
peace of a people that should live together in har- 
monious unison, .1f we could listen to the two 
hundred million oppressed and downtrodden Eu- 
ropeans, they would say to us, perpetuate the 
American Republic in peace, for it is a terrible 
example to trembling tyrants upon their crum- 
bling thrones. If we could hear the language of 
the opprcssed of the whole civilized earth, they 
would say to this Congress, keep the Amcrican flag 
wavino• in triumph over your whole nation; for 
among whatever people it is seen, over whatever 
ocean it is flying, in whatever port it makes its 
appearance, all people are pointing tout, and cx- 
claiming, Behold the flag of liberty, that is taking 
away the slavery and oppression of the world ! 
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, obtained the 
floor. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. If the gen- 
tleman from Massachusetts does not desire to go 
on this evening, desire to submit some remarks 
I am afraid I shall have no other 
to the House. 
opportunity; and if the House will permit me, I 
will. take advantage of the present occasion. 
I will very 
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts. 
cheerfully yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl- 
vania, if it be understood that I shall have the 
floor to-morrow. 
Mr. LOGAN. I object to any such under- 
standing. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire, for reasons, to ad- 
dress the I-louse, and through the House, my 
I applied to the 
constituents, upon this subject. 
Speaker last week, and I was assured by him that 
his poliey would be, first coine first served. I 
therefore have not negotiated for the floor or made 
any arrangement, relying upon the promise I re- 
ceivcd in reference to the order which would be 
observed in assigning the floor. 
Mr. MORRIS", of Pennsylvania. The gentle- 
man from Massachusetts has the floor, and if he 
yields it, I claim it. 
Mr. MAYNARD. If that is not to be 
observed, there should be some understanding 
between those gentlemen who desire to speak 
and the Speaker, so that we may know when we 
can speak, or know the fact that we cannot speak. 
I yield thc 
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts. 
floor to the gentleman frorn Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 object to any ar- 
Ifthe gentle- 
ranoement in reference to the floor. 
man yields the floor * he must yield it uncondi- 
tionaily. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. would propose 
that, by unanimous consent, to-night and to-mor- 
row we take a recess from half past four to seven 
o 'clock. 
Objection was made. 
Mi•. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. 
I will take 
advantage of this opportunlty, unfavorable as it 
is, to present such views as I desire to the House 
upon the questions before it. 
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman— 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The gentlc- 
man cannot be heard now, because I am upon the 
floor. 
Mr. LOGAN. Then I rise to a point of order. 
The gentleman from Massachusetts obtained the 
floor, but yielded it to the gentleman from Penn- 
sylvania to go on to-night, with the understanding 
that he should have the floor to-morrow mornino•. 
I objected to that arranaement. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The gentle- 
man from Massachuset.ts yielded the floor to me. 
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman from Penn- 
sylvania '•.vilk not allow me to ask a single ques- 
tion, I shall insist upon mv objection. 
Mr. MORRIS, of 
do not see 
why the gentleman sliould object to my going on 
to-nicrh t. 
Mr. LOGAN. I have rcnlåined here, with other 
•entlemen, several evenings, for the purpose of 
obtaining the floor, and I want the Speaker now 
to tell me how man v names are registered as en- 
peace. 
Mr. Speaker, we believe that if the patriots who I 
lived in the pasl could speak from their last rest- 
ing place, they would say to the national Legis- 
jature, settle that all-absorbing question, for it is 
incompatible in principle for people of the same 
blood to bc disputing over a mere abstraction. If 
we could listen to the voice of the thirty million 
titled, in order, to the floor to speak, so that I 
may know on what evening I shall come here to 
obtain the floor, by acting decently and respect- 
fully to the Speaker? 
SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. BINGHAM in 
the chair.) The present occupant of the chair 
cannot answer that question. 
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say, that this practice 
of farming out the floor in advance is infamous, 
and ought not to be tolerated in any body. I ',vant 
the country to know that such perfidy as this is 
practiced by the Speaker of this House, to the ex- 
I now withdraw my 
clusion of other mernbers. 
I objection. 
Mr. COLFAX. The Speaker is absent, and 1 
feel it due to him to say that, during this discus- 
sion, two members from Illinois have had the floor 
upon that side, and only one from this side. 
i Mr. LOGAN. I am not speaking for Illinois, 
but for myself. 
I Mr. McCLERNAND. The Speaker of the 
House did not give me the floor; and I doubt 
whether he would have given it to me, had he been 
in the chair. And besides that, I did not get the 
floor upon this question, buL upon another. 
Mr. LOGAN. I do not object to the gentle- 
man from Pennsylvania on. All I wanted 
was to denounce this practice as detestable and 
abominable. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Penns ia, then add ressed 
[His speech will be 
the House for an hour. 
published in the Appendix.] 
Mr. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor, but 
yielded to 
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, who moved that 
the I louse adjourn. 
The motion was dgreed to. 
And thereupon (at forty minutes past five 
o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
THURSDAY, January 31, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of yesterday '•.vas read and approved. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 
1 876) for the benefit of Gabriel J. Johnston; which 
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Presi- 
dent. 
BILLS BECOME LAWS. 
The message announced that the Pres- 
ident of the United States had approved and signed , 
on the 19th instant, the following bill and joint 
resolution: 
A bill (H. R. No. 935) for the relief of Frank- 
lin Torrey; and 
A joint resolution R. No. 55) authorizing 
the Secretary of the Treasury to change the name 
of the schooner Spring Hill to that of' the United 
States. 
Also, that the President had approved and 
signed, on the 2.3d instant, the following bills: 
A bill (H. R. No. 127) for the relief of O. F. 
D. Faifbanks, Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific 
Mail Steamship Company; 
A bill (H. R. No. 447) for the relief of the chil- 
dren of Captain E. A. Capron; and 
A bill (H. R. No. 428) directing the Secretary 
of the Interior to liquidate the accounts of Mitch- 
ell & Ranunilsburg and Baker & Von Phül. 
Also, that the President had approved and 
signed, on the 26th instant, the following bills: 
A bill (H. R. No. 23) for. the admission of 
Kansas into the Union; 
A bill (H. R. No. 377) for the relief David C. 
Whiting; 
A bill (H. R. N. 507) authorizing the secre- 
tary of the Interior to issue a land warrant to 
Daniel Davis; and 
A bill (H. R. No. 724) for the relief of samp- 
son Stanfill. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
The message further announced that the House 
had ordered, on the 26t11 instant, the printing of 
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Ten- 
ncssee in regard to the tender of men and money 
to the Gcneéal Government by the State of New 
York. 
Also, that the House had ordered, on the 28th 
instant, the printing of the following documents: 
Memorial of citizens of Boston, in favor of a 
pacific settlement of the pending difficulties be- 
tween the North and the South. 
Resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, 
in favor of the maintenance of the Constitution 
and the Union. 
