658 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 31, 
remain after thc admission of Minnesota, of Ore- 
gon, of California, and of Kansas? One million 
sixty-three thousand five hundred and seven 
square miles, an area twenty-four times that of 
the State of New York, the largest of the old and 
fully developed States. rmventv-four such States 
as this of New York are yei to be organized 
within the remaining Territories of the United 
States. Now, under what is accepted by the 
Administration of the Government as u judicial 
degree, upheld by it, put in practical operation by 
it, every inch of that territory is slave territory 
—I speak of that decision, not as I accept it, but 
as it is accepted and enforced by Ihe existing 
Administration—every foot of it slave territory 
as much as South Carolina. Over a considerable 
portion of ita slave code, made by a government 
created by the Congress of the United States, is 
enforced; so that, accordinff to the claims of those 
who insist upon a right In the territory of the 
United States for slavery, the whole of this one 
million sixty-thrce thousand square miles is slave 
territory. How many slaves arc there in it? 
How many have been brought into it during 
these twelve years in which it has been not 
only relinquished to slavery, but in which the 
court and the Legislature and the Administration 
have maintained, protected, defended, and guar- 
antied slavery there? Twenty-four African slaves; 
one slave for every forty-four thousand square 
miles, one slave for every one of the twenty-four 
States which, supposing them each to be of the 
dimensions of New York, or Pennsylvania, or In- 
diana, are to cover that portion of the area of our 
Republic. Sir, I have followed this thing in good 
faith, with zeal and energy; but I confess that i 
havc no fears of slavery now, where, in the pecu- 
liar of things which has existed, slavery 
has succeeded in planting only one slave upon 
every forty-four thousand square miles of terri- 
This, then, has ceased to be a practical ques- 
In lieu of it counts up a great and vital and 
tion . 
fearful question—tho qqestion of Union or ofdis- 
solut.ion of the Union; the question of country or 
of no country; the question of hope, the question 
of greatness, the question of sinking forevcr 
under the contempt of mankind. Why, then, 
that a great people of thirty 
should I despair 
million will be able to meet t.his crisis? have 
no fear. This is a Confi)deracy. It is not an 
imperial Government, nor the governrnent of a 
single Stute; it is u Confederacy; and it is, as it 
ought to be, dependent upon the continued assent 
of ull the members of the Confi)deracy to its ex- 
istence, and subject to dissolution by their action; 
but that assent IS to be always taken by virtuc of 
the original assent, and held until, in the form pre- 
scribed- by the Constitution itself', and in the time 
and in the man ner and with all lhc condi lions whicl'i 
the Constitution prescribes, those who constitute 
the Union shall declare that it shall bc no longer. 
'I'l)C thirty days uncl sixty days an(l ninety days 
given us by the disunionists *nay not be enough 
I hope ai)d 
fi)t• their policy and their purposes. 
trust that it may be time enough for the policy 
and purposes of' the lovers of [he Union. God 
gralll that it may be so! But if this term shall 
turn out not to be enough, then see how and 
when all these great controversies will be settled, 
just as our forefathers foresaw when they framed 
the Constitution. They provided, seventy years 
ago, that this present controversy, this whole con- 
trovers-y, shall be subrnitted to the people of the 
United States in convention, called accordincy to 
the forms of the Constitution, and acting in the 
manner prescribed by it. Then, sir, this coun- 
try will find sudden relief in the prompt and l_tnnn- 
imous adoption of the measures necessary its 
salvation, and the wm•ld will see how well and 
how wisely a great, enlightened, educated, Chris- 
tian people, consisting of thirty-four sovereiffn 
States, can adjust diffculties which had scerned, 
even ID themselves as well as to mankind, to be 
insu rmoun blc. 
Mr. MASON and Mr. FESSENDEN ad- 
dressed the Chair. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
tbc chair.) What disposition will the Senator 
make of the petition ? 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to know 
who has the floor? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Virginia. The motion to print will neces- 
sarily go to the Committee on Printing. 
Mr. MASON. I move that the petition be 
printed—a motion that I shall probably withdraw 
after I have concluded the very few remarks that 
I desire to make. 
The petition, as I understand, Mr. President, 
has not been read, and so far as I heard the hon- 
orable Senator who introduced it, Iam not aware 
that he stated what the substance of the petition 
was. We have been told, however, through the 
public journals, that such a petition was to be pre- 
sented, the substance being to recommend to the 
Congress of thc United States such amendments 
to the Constitution as might preserve the Union, 
or restore it, somewhat upon the basis of those 
offered by the Senator from Kentucky. In the 
remarks made by the honorable Senator who in- 
troduced it—if 1 am wrong, he will correct me— 
he did not advert to these recommendations of the 
petitioners. 
Mr. SEWARD. lthink honorable Senator 
was not in his place when rose to present the 
I sent it to the Cierk's desk, and the 
petition. 
Clerk read a paper which was submitted by the 
committee who have charge of the memorial, in 
which they recommended, witli some modifica- 
tions, what are called the border-State proposi- 
tions, 
Mr. MASON. 1 was not in the Chamber at 
the moment tl'1C petition was presented, but I in- 
quired of one near me whether the petition had 
been rcad. It seems I was not at fault; the res- 
olutions, I understand, that xvcre adopted at the 
meeting of the committee, were read. 
But what I was about to remark, Mr. Presi- 
dent, was, that at this time, •when the Govern- 
ment is in process of disintecn•ation, when there 
are six States which have separated themselves 
from the Union, as they say finally and forever; 
when other States, not yet separated, are arnuno• 
thernselves—arming upon a largo scale; when my 
own State appropriated, twelve months a«yo, in 
expectation of what seems now,' to be occurrin(F, 
the very large sum from a State treasury, in ad- 
vance, of $500,000 to purchase arms to arm her 
people; when here, within a few days, another 
appropriation was made of $1 for the same 
pcople; when we find that 
purpose, to arrn her 
other States have done the same thing; when we 
find, in my own State and in other States, also, 
that the people are arming themselves, that the 
counties and the towns, exercising their mnnicipal 
authority, are raising money upon the credit of 
the counties and the towns to arm the people; 
when that state of things is goin(Y on and the pub- 
lic mind is engaged, in those of the slave States 
that have not yet separated, and in some of the 
free States, in devising a possible mode by which 
the American mind can acrain be united in a com- 
mon Government, what do we hear from the hon- 
orable Senator from New York? What do wc 
hcat• from that Senator who occupies the osition 
before the country which is occupied that 
Senator, acknowledged at the head of the political 
combinations which are to bring into power the 
incomincr Administration , said, through the news- 
paper press, to be the probable right-hand of the 
new Administration? What do Twve hear from 
that honorable Senator? Any suggestions from 
such a quarter, a quarter of such weight, as to 
what he will recommend to thc majority of the 
States, in order to meet the demands, be they just 
or unjust, of the slave States? None. Any re- 
mark approvino or disapproving of propositions 
that arc before the country, and arc before Con- 
gress, for amending the Constitution in this re- 
gard? None. W c know what his opinions are 
upon the resolution offered by the venerable 
oent!eman from Kentucky, [Mr. CRITTENDEN,] 
who sits before rne•; not by his declarations, but 
by his votes—his votes unifbrm and 
W c know what his views arc In the negative. 
What are his views in the affn•xnative? We know 
them. He gave an affi rmat,ive vote a few days 
since, in this Chamber, rejecting the propositions 
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky, and 
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the petition be substituting in their place those presented by the 
honorable Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. 
laid on the table. 
Mr. MASON. I move t.hat it be printed. I CLARK;] and what ••,vere they? Propositions de- 
believe I have the floor. 
claring, in substance, that the Constitution needed 
no amendment; that the demands of the southern 
States were, in the language of the resolution, 
unreasonable, " 
and that the only remedy for 
the condition of things in the country was to en- 
force the Constitution and the laws. 
'i'hat is thc 
affrmative view of the honorable Senator from 
New York. 
Now, sir, how is it elaborated ? Why, the hon- 
orable Senator, amidst the mazc of generalities 
which marked his speech—and it was a maze, and 
a misty one—in that general haze of generalities, 
did march up to the Ime and tell us what his pol- 
icy was; and I assume it is to be the policy of 
those whom he has so aided to bring into power. 
What was it? His recommendation to those gen- 
tlemen who have sent this enormous petition here, 
notadopting their views, not looking to any amend- 
ment to the Constitution whatsoever, is given in 
four distinct propositions of what is to be the pol- 
icy of those whom he is to lead, if history docs 
not misuniform us, after the 4th of March next. 
What is it? Hc recommends them, when they 
go home, to employ themselves in the great work 
of restoring the breaches that have been madc in 
How? Why, said he, speak 
the Government. 
for the Union. That is the first. Next, vote for 
the Union. That is the second great measure. 
What is the tl-fird? Give money for the Union. 
And the last? Fioht for the Union. These are 
the four measures proposed by the honorable Sen- 
ator from New York to heal this gaping breach 
in the Government. 
I can understand, Mr. President, what theUSeh- 
ator means when he recommends to his constitu- 
ents to speak for the Union; we have had a great 
deal of that; 1 can understand what he means 
when he recommends them to vote for the Union, 
because he coupled it with a recommendation that 
they should go into State convention; but I de- 
mand to know what he means by their contrib- 
uting money for the Union. 
Mr. SEWARD. explain to the honorable 
Senator, if he wishes. During the present ses- 
Sion of Congress, the Government of this Union has 
seen a sudden depreciation of its credit. From one 
condition of things which existed a year or two ago, 
when all the stocks of the Union were at a pre- 
mium, they have fallen until recently, at one time, 
the credit of the Union was at a discount of thirty 
per cent. , while the credit of the State of New 
York, on her six per cent. stock, all the while 
commands a premium. The commercial com- 
munity, who to-day petition Congress, have the 
treasure of the commercial city in their keeping. 
I have recommended to these gentlemen here pub- 
licly, as I have heretofore recommended to them 
privately, that they should advance to the Union 
money on loans and on Treasury notes, as they 
are now furnishing in that way to the Union the 
funds with which the President of the United 
States, the Departments, the Congress, the courts, 
yourself and myself, the Senator from Virginia, 
the Army, Navy, and every other branch of the 
Government, is actually sustained. I have rec- 
onunended to them, in this crisis, that they sus- 
tnin tl'ie Government of their country with the 
credit to which it is entitled at their hands. 
MI'. MASON. I presumed that that was the 
use intended to be madc of the money which the 
Senator advised his constituents to contribute to 
I did not, in my own mind, do the 
the Union. 
honorable Senator the injustice to believe that he 
proposed, with the Inoney which was to be con- 
tributed, to subsidize or to debauch the southern 
I had no such view. I took it for granted 
States. 
that the rnoncy was to sustain the Army which 
was to conduct. the ficrht that he recommends to 
his people. 
Mr. SEWARD. Mr.President, the honorable 
Senator, I am sure,doesnotmean to do me injustice. 
Mr. MASON. Certainly not; and if the hon- 
orable Senator wishes to correct me, I yield with 
great pleasure. 
Mr. SEWARD. I contemplated, sir, after the 
expiration of all the multitudinous trials that are 
making to save this Union by compromise, a con- 
. vention of the people of the United States, called 
in constitutional form; and when that shall have 
be IAeld, or refused to be held, and found to be 
im ossible to obtain; ifthen, this Union is to stand 
or fall by the force of arms, 1 have advised my 
peoplc to do, as I shall be ready to do myself: 
stand in the breach, and stand with it or perish 
with it. [Applause in the galleries.] 
