1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
659 
Mr. MASON. Then we have it definite, Mr. 
I want to bring the honorable Sena- 
President. 
tor, the exponent of the ncw Administration, to 
the policy which is to be adopted. I understand 
from him now, that remedies failing th rough the 
Constitution by the conventions of the Stat", his 
recornmendation is battle and bloodshed to pre- 
serve the Union; and his recommendation to his 
people is that they shall contribute the money 
which shall march the Army upon the South; for 
what? To preserve the Union? It is gone; it is 
broken; there is no Union now in this country. 
Those States that are out of the Union have broken 
it as completely as if, instead of six or seven, 
there were now all the fifteen slave States with 
them; and if this battlc is to bc fought, it is to be 
fought against them upon their own soil, for the 
purpose of reducing them to colonics and depend- 
encies. It cannot mean else. The hon- 
orable Senator is too wise and experienced a 
statesman, the honorable Senator knows too weli 
the construction and theory of this Government, 
to think for one moment that when you havc sub. 
jagated the people of the States you have restored 
the Union. No, sir— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
the chair.) The hour of one having arrived, it 
becomes the duty of the Chair to announce the 
special order. 
Mr. MASON. I hope it will be postponed a 
few minutes, to allow mc to proceed. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires 
No objection." 
unanimous consent. 
Mr. MASON. I want to speak of that. I want 
to Ict my people in Virginia, who have offered 
themselves as mediators to restore, if they could, 
this broken Union, know what they are to expect 
from the councils of those with vvhom the Sena- 
tor from New York acts, as now developed. 
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen- 
ator frorn Virginia yield? 
Mr. MASON. Certainly. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 look, sir, to no 
tingency as seceded States and n dissevered Union. 
I look to no such condition of things. The hon- 
orable Senator and I differ in regard to the future. 
He, with an earnest will and ardent imagination, 
sees this country hereafter rent and dissevered, 
and then recombined into separate confederacies. 
I see no such thing in the future; but I do sec, 
through the return of reason and judgment to t.he 
A Inerican pcopEe, a return of l'jublic 
and the consolidation of the Union firmer than 
ever before. The Ilonorable Senator from Vir- 
ginia can very easily see that we may differ in our 
anticipations and expectations of the future, be- 
cause we differ so much in regard to the actual, 
in the Unioil of 
living prcsent. Here am, sir, 
the United States, this same blessed, glorious, 
nobly-inherited, God-given Union, in the Senate 
Chamber of the United States, pleading for it, 
maintaining it, and it. 
The honorable Senator from Virginia says it is 
cone, there is no Union; and yet he is here on 
this same floor with me. Where, then, is he? In 
the Union 01' out of the Union? He is actually 
present. here; and in spite of himself, I hold him 
to be still with myself in this glorious old Union. 
I will not strain the remark, which he means to 
assume that he infers that, because some other 
Senators were here a short time ago, his asso- 
ciates and minc, and are not here now, but have 
withdrax,vn, under circumstances known to the 
world, and which, for obvious reasons, I refrained 
from commentinø• on, therefore their Stutes arc 
gone and the Union is gone with them. Sir, the 
Senate Chamber is here; the Statcs are herc; the 
Union is here still. Herc they will all be—and 
I expect that they will be in the exercise of public 
— t h esc 
reason, the frec choice of these States 
places all filled. If I contemplate in an case that 
nion, it is 
it nyty be necessary to fv-rht for this 
because treason and sedition noay arise, not alone 
or only in a State of the. South, but in States of the 
North, anywhere and everywhere, be excited 
and armed, so as to assail the Union; and when- 
ever it shall come to that, whether it is in my own 
in the last resort is necessarily as well as lawfully 
met. 
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, giving the hon- 
orablc Senator the full advantage of his present 
commentary upon the speech that preceded it, I 
yet place before the American people the fact that 
he proposes but one remedy, either to preserve 
this Union or to restore it, and that is the ultima 
ratio •recrum. 
Mr. SE WARD. Not to restore—preserve. 
Mr. MASON. I will take his own language. 
Let the facts be what they may, he presents but 
one remedy—the argument of the tyrant—force, 
compulsion, power. This is the only resort that 
the honorable Senator has evinced, either in his 
speech or in his commentary. He says he is for 
punishing sedition and treason, whether it is found 
In the South or in the North. That is the only 
remedy that he proposes upon the existing facts. 
He takes no account of there being organized 
political communities, claiming to be sovereign, 
claiming to have resumed all sovereign power that 
they had once delegated to this Confederacy, now 
out ot' the Union; actually, completely outside, 
with not a Federal officer within their limits; with 
all Federal authority denied, abrog±ted ; with laws 
punishing as trettson at home any obedience to 
authority abroad; and the honorable Senator still 
It is the pur- 
says we know nothing of all that. 
pose of the Government, as I understand him, to 
wnore all that, as though it did not exist.; and bc 
it one man or a local combination that are resist- 
ing the laws, or be it three, or five, or tcn mil- 
lion people, who are resisting the law, still it is 
treason and sedition, and he knows of no remedy 
but force ! 
I 
Sir, I wrantcd to bring him to that point. 
wanted, o? all others, that the people of my hon- 
ored State of Virginia should know it, that the 
scales should fall from their eyes, if any there are 
I am aware of the miserable, puny, pusil- 
lanimcnas attempt to hoodwink the minds and 
judgment of that people by crying, " Peace, 
peace," when thcrc is no peace. I point them now 
to the remedies proposed by the most potent in the 
councils of the now Government, when it is to 
I point thetn to the four great remedies 
come in. 
that arc to heal these breaches in the Union and 
l.)reserve it, to use tl'he language of the honorable 
Senator. Speaking it will not do; voting will 
not do; because those men who nrc to bc parties 
to the voting are outside of the Union, and will 
not. vote. Money! money! How is money to 
do it? 'The I-honorable Senator has disclosed it. 
Not by demoralizing and subsidizing bribery, 
but using it as the sinews of war. Money is to 
do it, and is to be contributed by the great coili- 
mercial city of NC w York, under the counsels of 
the honorable Senator who represents them. Mon- 
ey is to be contributed as the sinews of war, be- 
cause the very next in the four acts of the drama 
that is to be enacted is battle, battle ! 
If 
Now, sir, let my people understand this. 
there be any among them so puny as to be de- 
luded by the idle efforts tocirculate papersamonc 
them, stating that " there are propositions for con- 
stitutional amendment which will be carried— 
propositions that will secure your rights in the 
Ünion—be patient, like good children, and wait 
' '—if there bc any among the man- 
your time 
New York. I shall look to their good sense, their 
humanity, their civilization, to interpose the broad 
cegis of the popular will to avoid the only resort 
that the honorable Senator looks to—that of force 
and subjugation. 
Sir, 1 have told gentlemen whom I have met 
here from other States—honored and honorable 
men, who have come as volunteers really upon a 
mission of peace and tranquillity—that it was man- 
ifest, in the state of facts now existing, there was 
great and imminent danger ofa collision between 
the sections, and that all those who desired to 
preserve the Union, in my judgment, should make 
It the first and great work to avoid that collision, 
and to avoid the civil war that must ensue when 
men 's minds really are heated to madness, when 
passion usurps the throne of reason, and when 
negotiation and deliberation are ended. Those 
have been my counsels. What are those of the 
honorable Senator from New York? Here with 
hostile fleets and armies arrayed against each other 
in two of the southern States; here when we are 
in momentary expectation of hearing of a collis- 
ion between them, what are the counsels of the 
honorable Senator from New York? Speak for 
the Union; vote for the Union; contributc money 
for the Union; and, last of all, fight for the Union. 
repeat it, sir, I trust the good sense, the wis- 
dom, the civilization, the humanity of tho age, 
will rescue this country' from the counsels of the 
honorable Senator from New York. 
But, Mr. President, they will have this effect 
at least: if that potency vvhich is ascribed to the 
opinions of that honorable Senator, delivered and 
pronounced in his place here as a Senator, belong 
to him, it will admonish the people now rucetintr 
in their sovereien capacity m convention in all 
the southern States, to let the delu'sion pass—the 
idle delusion that they are to have any security 
in this Government by amendments to the Con- 
stitution. They are not only not proposed, but 
they are denied and derided. We have now for 
the first time distinctly shadowed forth that which 
confZiss, among others, 1 had seriously apprc- 
hended, that the counsels of the leaders would be 
force, force. We have it now avowed—openly 
avowed. •l trust the scales will fall from their eyes. 
I trust that in the free States, the non-slavehold- 
ing States, there is n body of good men, of wise 
and enlightened patriotism, freed sufficiently from 
the shackles of party obligations to sec 
sequences to which such counsels must lead—a 
war to restore this Union, or to preserve. it, and 
that they, men of sense in their generation, shall 
be deluded into a war under the idle pretext that 
they are only enforcing the laws and punishing 
treason and sedition. I appeal to the free States, 
thc non-slaveholding States, to repudiate tho coun- 
sels of the Senator from New York and disown 
them. If in the providence of God it is to result 
that we are to separate into two confederacies, I 
trust that not the counsels of the honorable Sen- 
ator from New York, but the counsels of peace 
will prevail as the only counsels which can avert 
that' greatest of all calamities, a war between 
brother and brother; a war which could conquer 
a peace only in oceans of blood and countless rnil- 
lions of treasure. When the peace came, would 
you find a free people? Would you find a people 
capable of reconstructing the Government? No. 
hood of the whole South, puny enough to be de- You would find a people subjugated and crouchiiP 
ceived by such contrivances as those, I point them under the tread of the despot, and you would fina 
to the words of the honorable Senator, showing the warrior clad in arms with the money contrib- 
that money and vv•ar are looked to to reduce them, uted under the counsels of the honorable Scrmtor 
I from New York. That would be the result. of 
and these alone. 
war, and that is the only result to which such 
I know, Mr. President, it is, perhaps, an in- 
firmity of my temperament to appear to exhibit counsels would lead. 
Mr. Pesident, I earnestly trust, if, in despite of 
something like ancrry einotion, when 1 do not feel 
those counsels and those efforts that are now mak- 
none. Men who are upon 
I have none, sir; 
it. 
thc eve of measurin(T swords conduct themselves ing, under the mediation of the honored State 
which I am herc to represent, to restore harmony 
in a gentle mood to cach other, and use no lan- 
gaage of menace, or of threat, far less terms of and to restore a government, should fail, that therc 
is an enlightened patriotism in this country and 
indignity. 
in all thc States that iVill agree to a separation in 
Sir, trust x,ve may avoid the ratio of the 
peace, and repudiate the counsels of the Senator 
If it be in the provi- 
Senator frolü Ncw York. 
from New York. 
dence of the speedy future that these slave States 
are to confederate, and to form an independent! Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President— 
i Mr. SEWARD. hope the honorable Sena. 
Government, with a nationality and a flag, an or- 
tor wili indulge me in one word. 
ganization and an ariny and a navy and credit— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the 
Stato or in any other State of the Union, then ifthatbe reserved in the unspoken specdy future— 
I trust that the good sense, the humanity, the , of the Chair to call up the special order at this 
I expect that whatever can be done—as I have 
hour, being the message of the President, trans- 
already indicated that all shall be done which civilization, the regard for unborn posterity, will 
mitting to the Senate certain resolutions of the 
reason can do—then I expect. that what is right to lead the people, both North and South, to repu- 
be done shall be done in the way in which treason diate the counsels of the honorable Senator from I State of Virginia. 
