1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
661 
wanted no concession. It presented to me a pain'- 
ful, arjd yet not unusual, illustration of the fact 
th&t extremes often meet. Extremes North and 
South often meet, and unite in resisting the efforts 
of the friends of Union, of concession, of concil- 
iation, arjd of harmony, when their joint efforts, 
though prompted by different motives, lead to the 
same end—inevitable disunion, now and forever. 
i was pained again this morning when the hon- 
orable Senator from New York rnade a speech, 
conciliatory and patriotic, showinT every desire 
to have thesc matters amicabiy arranged, if pos- 
sible, that, instead of being rnet, in the spirit in 
whicb it was offered, his advance was affain re- 
peiled, as if' there was alarrn and fear lest reason, 
moderation, and iustice might return, and the 
north. and south—the conservative 
Union men, 
might possibly agree upon somc basis of 
meu— 
I have not been able to conceal from 
settlement, 
eyes Ithac there are gentlemen on this side of 
the Chamber who do not want anv settlement. 
1 saw it the other day when the vote was taken 
on su bstllucing tbc proposition ofthe Senator from 
New Hampshire [Mr. CLARRI for that of the Sen- 
ator ftorn Kentuc.kv. 'i' he. extremists on the other 
side recto ved scjlYie aid frorn extreme men on this 
side by affirmative votes, and still mote assist- 
ance by men on this Side retaining their seats and 
refusing vote} t.hus perrnitting the proposition 
of the Senator from New Harnpstiire to be adopted 
in consequence oi their refusal to vote a«rainst it, 
tables and 
and instant! y sittino down at their 
wri(incr and sending off telegraphic dispatches that 
there was no hope, because the Black Republicans I 
had voted down the propositi011 of the Senator 
from Kentucky! I have witnessed these things 
here with pain; but it is no longer worth while to 
conceal fi•om ourselves tl'le fact that the extremists 
on t]'iis side arid on the other side are in concert, 
from diflkn•elit motives, to defeat a settlemcnt. 
Mr. MASON. -'YVili the Senator me to 
ask whether, when he says G' concert," he means 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Not at all. 1 mean that both 
desire to defeat an adiustmcnt; and, in my opin- 
ion, each side know or believe that if they defeat 
an adjustment, disumon is inevit.al)le, and both 
desire disunion in preförence to a compromisc; 
and hence, when one sees that he can accomplish 
his obiect by acting auxiliary to the other, we 
perceive un ited action, although thev are øoverned 
by diffin•ent motives, and act without express con- 
I impugn no 
saltation. That is what I mean. 
man motives. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen- 
ID ask him a question? 
ator allow 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly. 
r think 
IM r. JOHNSC)N, of 
Senator is egn•egiously misrepresenting those Sen- 
tors w 110 declined to vote upon that proposition, 
and I am not disfjosed to sit herc an:l listen to 
what hc savs without astone• another explan- 
Senator himself, when a ber of 
the ittee ot• h•teen, was one of those who 
in adoptiu«r the rule under 
w II :cll they by which it was, undoubt- 
ed' y. required that 5 in order to adopt any propo- , 
it should secure the votes of those who 
representing the differ- I 
were divided in opinion, 
ent sect-i01'i,s of tho Senate; that represented the 
difiln•eut parties in th:s country. Was there con- 
cert of action there? The Senator says there was 
concert of action on the part of those Senators 
who refused to vote upon the amendment to 
tbc proposition of the Senator from Kentucky— 
that h statement—and aliowed the Republican 
party, by t heir o w i) votes, to carry the proposi- 
the Senatcn• from New I-lampsbirt-•, [Mr. 
tion of 
Senator notes not the fart that there 
CLARK. 
the public mind, and do it under the plea of at- 
tacking four or five Senators here who declined to 
vote, ahd declined for the distinct reasön that they 
intended to know t.he sentiment of the other side; 
and as that sentiment could be triumphant out- 
side, to permit them to take the consequences of 
success inside of this Chamber? Does not the 
Senator know that? And does the. Senator give a 
fair consideration to this side in the view which 
he is now submittirv? He does not. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, 1 did not 
know—of course I had no means of knowing— 
what. may have been the motives of each individ- 
ual Senator who retained his scat and declined to 
vote; but I did know, and was bound to take cog- 
nizance of the fact, that their declining to vote 
caused the proposition of the Senator from New 
Hampshire to be adopted bv the Senate asa sub- 
stitute for that of the Senator from Kentucky, 
uncl that it never could have passed but by their 
refusal to vote; and do know that the substitu- 
tion of that amendment was telegraphed all over 
the country as evidence that there was no hope 
of concession or of settlement in this body. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the sen- 
ator ao•ain allow me? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There can have 
been no deception there, I hun"lbly• submit. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not charging deception. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. No deception 
was there practiced. T hc impression that there 
is no hope of an adjustment, has been derived 
from the action in this Chamber, and there is not 
a man here who is not conscious of the fact. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator is entirely mis- 
taken if he thinks there is no hope arising from 
this Chamber. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. None, sir. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. may none. 
I have hope; and I trust that hope will never de- 
sert my heart. I never intend to give up the hopc 
of saving this Union as long as there is a ray left. 
I believe that I see indications now which are be- 
coming stronger every day, of a desire to preserve 
the peace of this country, and thereby save the 
I think no man proposes to save it by 
Union. 
I suppose that every Senator fccls that war, 
war. 
matter how long it ruay continue, or how brief 
it may be, must result, whenever the war ceases, 
in disunion, and in final separation. 
Now, sir, why should we not settle this ques- 
tion? rl'he Senator from New York bas shown 
us that thc contest has •one on for twelve years; 
he has assumed that durit'lg those twelve years 
the South have had control of the Government, 
and given every possible protection to slavery in 
the r l'erritories; and yet they have only succeeded 
in plantins_r twenty-four slaves in all the Terri- 
tories—Territories twenty-four times as largc as 
the State of New York. 'Do not these facts show 
the utter fallacy of this GovernmenL attemptil)g to 
plant slavery where the climate is ad verse and the 
people do not vvant it; and the utter folly of the 
other Sidc of the (',-harnbcr brin«ying this country 
to the very verge of disunion in order to prohibit 
slavery where the power of the Government could 
not make it exist? 
This statement of facts shows conclusively that 
there is nothing practical in the question ; that the 
demand for prohibition is unnecessary for the par- 
poses for which it is set forth; that the demand 
for protection by this Government is utterly un- 
availing, even Vyrnen you have the power in vour 
own hands to carry it to the extreme. Ai'Vhy 
break up the Union upon an absl.raction that has 
no practical re.snlts in it? Why cannot thc one 
side give up its demand for prohibition, and the 
other for protection, and adopt an amendment to 
was exhibited on t.aat occasion a unanimous vote the Constitution in words: " Concn•ess *bail 
have no power to lfMTislate upon the subject of (lo- 
of the party, showing• thc drift of the 
mostic servitude anywhere, cxcopt to perforrn its 
whole of them, nor does he allude to the after 
tives from service, and the prohibition of the Af- 
two of 1 hem changed their position; but, finding it 
rican slave trade." Do that, and you wilk have 
unnecessary, went. back to their oriffinal ground, 
and there they have stood, and there they intend 
peace; do that, and the Union will last. forever; 
to stand os long they can over the wreck of the do that, and you do not. extend slavery one inch, 
nor circumscribe it one inch; you do not emanci- ' 
South. [zManifé.st.at.ions o, applanse in tho galle- 
he alludes to ? The patc a slave, and do not enslave a freeman. The 
concert' 
Is that thie 
position of business be made. 
practical result will be the so far as the sla- 
Senator appears to have national views, and I 
Mr. HALE. What is the special order? 
Is very question is concerned, and this Union wili 
hope he Wii} place no one in a false position. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
last forever. 
the Senator himself goinz to pass this over under 
Mr. President, I will not occupy thc time of the dent's message, transmitting the Virginia resolu- 
this and throw a deceptive view, and a de- 
tions. 
ceptive conception of the whole matter out upon Senate; but I ask the unanimous consent of the 
Senate to lay on the table an amendment, which 
I shall hereafter propose to ,the• territorial, bill 
which t.he Senator from Missouri [Mr. GREbN] 
called up yesterday, and that an order be made to 
presume there will be no objection to 
print it. 
that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill to 
which the Senator from Illinois offers an amend- 
ment is now the unfinished business. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. ask unanimous consent to 
have the amendment printed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is unanimous 
consent given? Yes ' 'l What disposition will 
the Senate make of the bill ? 
Mr. GREEN. Let it ass over. 
The PRESIDING OBFiCER. It will be 
passed over informally. 
Mr. HALE. Mr. President—- 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 think 1 am entitled to the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from New Hampshire is entitled to the floor. 
' Docs the Senator from New Hampshire yield to 
the Senator from California? 
Mr. LATHAM. I want to make a motion— 
Mr. HALE. I am willing to give it up for a 
minute. 
Mr. LATHAM. Yesterday, I made a motion 
to make the President's special message on the 
Virginia resolutions the special order for to-day, 
at one o'clock; on which I was entitled to the 
floor. Of course, I gave way cheerfully to hear 
the distinguished Senators who have addressed 
this body to-day. I now move, because see that 
this diseussion is going to be protracted—the Sen- 
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. HALE] and the 
Senator from Texas [MT. WIGFALL] both want 
to address the Senate in immediate connection 
with what has been said—that the special order, 
on which I expected to address the Senate, be 
postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock. I think 
it is proper that I should I'lave that courtesy ex- 
tended to tne. 
Mr. BRAGG. To-morrow is private bill day. 
Mr. LATHAM. Then say Saturday at one 
o 'clock. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved 
that the President's message transmitting the rcs- 
olutions of the General Assembly of Virginia be 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 withdraw that motion. 
Senators around me think had better go on to- 
day; and I may as well speak to-day as to-mor- 
row. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 must then make the point 
whether the Senator from California is notentitled. 
to the floor. He yielded to me. I was called to 
order, and the floor refused to me until he yielded 
it. He yielded to me only; and if the Chair was 
rio•ht in dcnyincr the floor to me without his con- 
sent, hc wilfbl.) right in denying it to the Senator 
from New Hampshire without the consent of the 
Senator from California. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
state that he announced the special order, as was 
his duty, at one o'clock. Thcre was unfinished 
business which took precedence; and unless some 
motion was made and carried to postpone the uu- 
finished business, that, of course, was before the 
Senate. No such motion was made. The Sen- 
ator from California could not, therefore, take the 
floor upon the special order without a motion to 
postpone the unfinished business. 
Mr. GR.EEN. I suggested that the unfinished 
business•— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairwill 
state further, that he understands, by unanimous 
consent, the unfinished business has been inform- 
ally passed by. The special order, therefore, is 
now before the Senate; and upon that the Senator 
frorn California has t.he floor. The Chair, how- 
ever, recocynized the Senator from New Hamp- 
motion in relation t_o the order of business. 
Mr. HALE. well, 
Mr. MASON. 1 thought the Chair decided 
that the special order was up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special 
order is before the Senate, unless some other dis- 
