662 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 31, 
Mr. HALE. I would as lief speak on that as 
on anything. [Laughter.] 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On that 
tion the Senator from California has the floor. 
Mr. MASON. I hope both the Senators will 
allow me to repair an error into which I fell by 
I said that I would withdraw the 
inadvertence. 
motion to print the petition presented by the Sen- 
ator from New York. 
I ask leave to withdraw 
that motion. 
i promised to do so. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion 
is withdrawn. 
Mr. HALE. Mr. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless the 
Scnator from New Hampshire has some motion 
to make, the Chair will again announce that the 
Senator from California is entitled to the floor on 
the spccial order. 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 desire to say, sir, that the 
Senator from New Hampshire, and other Sena- 
tors who want to claim the floor, arc more imme- 
diately connected with this question than the con-el 
stituency whom I represent; and I do not feel 
that it is proper for me to submit what I have to 
say against what they wish to lay before the coun- 
try; and thcrefore I renew the motion which I 
previously made, that I may be allowed to speak 
[" Yes. So far as 
to-morrow at one o'clock. 
the Private Calendar is concerned, I wilt state to 
the Senate that I do not expect to occupy an hour 
whcn I do speak, and then they can go on' with 
the Private Calendar. I therefore move to make 
the President'* message the special order for one 
o'clock to-morrow. 
Mr. "VVILSON. Why do that, whcn the Sen- 
ator from New Hampshn•c can go on now ? 
Mr. LATHAM. well. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved 
that the special order, the Prcsidcnt's message, 
bc deferred until to-morrow, at one o'clock, and 
made tbc special order for that hour. 
Mr. Ill ALE. On that. motion I desirc to— 
Mr. GWIN, (to Mr. HALE.) Let it go over, 
and you havo the floor now. 
Mr. HALE. Very well; I the floor to- 
everal SENATORS addressed the Chair. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. rl'he Senator 
from Now Hampshire has the floor, the Senator 
from California havinqr yielded. 
Mr. WILSON. I want to ask the Senator from 
California— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen- 
ator from New Hampshire yield to the Scnator 
frorn Massachusetts ? 
Mr. HALE. No, 1 do not. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from New Hampshire is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, 1 confess that 1 
was good deal surprised at a remark which fell 
frorn the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. 
I)OUGI.AS,] in relation to a little passage that took 
place between the honorable Senator from Vir- 
ginia [Mr. MASON] and myself yesterday. He 
said he was pained at the announcement notide by 
thc Senator from Virginia, and hc was pained at 
the approbation expressed by the Scnator from 
New Hampshire at the utterance of th)C senti- 
ments that the Senator from Virginia pronounced . 
Now, Mr. President, I desire to call the attention 
of the Senate, and of that portion of the country 
that cares anything about what we say here, to 
what did take place yesterday, because stand by 
it, and I think if I could induce every member of 
this body, and cvery voter in this country, to 
stand by it, the diffculties that now envelop and 
surround us and the country would vanish like 
mist before the mornitv sun. I do not know, sir, 
what private interpretation the Senator from Vir- 
ginia may have had, if he had any, upol') the sen- 
timent which he expressed; but the sentiment 
which lie di(l express, and to which I gave my 
cordial assent, was, that with the Constitution of 
thc United States he and the people that he rep- 
resented were satisfied; that they asked no con- 
I do not remember his precise phrase- 
cession. 
ology; but I think he said it would bc dishonora- 
ble in thorn to ask, and degrading in us to make, 
any concession: what they wanted was the Con- 
stitution. 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me an 
instant? 
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir. 
Mr. MASON What 1 said, Mr. President, wus 
not what was repeated by the Senator from Illi- 
I understood the Senator from Illinois to 
nois. 
say tbut I had disclaimed any demand on the part 
of thesouthern States for conciliation, or conces- 
Mr. DOU&LAS. For concession. 
Mr. MASON. It was limited to the word "con- 
cession. " 
Mr. HALE. So it was. 
Mr. MASON. And it was because that was 
the only term that had been used by either of the 
Senators from Pennsylvahia, and it was a term 
said that had become familiar as a household 
word. The newspapers and letter writers speak 
of the non-slaveholdino States, or some of them, 
being ready t.o make concessions. What I meant 
to say was this—applied to that term, which has 
its own specific meaning: so far as I know, the 
South ask no concession, because a concession 
wouid imply a gratuity or a benevolencc to which 
they were not entitled. I said that tho South were 
satisfied with the Constitution as it stood, if its 
guarantees had bccn respected; but not being re- 
spected, we should demand such securities, in 
place of cxistino• cyuarantees, as would be beyond 
dispute. Now I will instance one—one of the 
class prescntcd in the speech of my honorable 
colleague. There isa security, leaving to the mi- 
nority section its own protection by a concurrent 
votc on all questions affecting its interests. I in- 
stance that only as one ofa class which might be 
resorted to ; but my remarks were confined to that 
word "concession," and I did say that if we could 
ask concessions, it would be humifiating in us to 
ask them, and derogatory to the other side to grant 
them. 
Mr. HALE. My recollection and the record 
concur entirely with the exposition which the 
honorable Senator from Virginia has now given 
of what he said, with a single exception. I will 
read what the Senator said 
We would never ask for concessions in any form. It has 
been the unilOnn language of tuc southern States here, 
through their representatives, so far as I know, that they 
are pec?eetly satisfied Witb the Constitution ; they have no 
cotnplaint to Inake ot• the Constitution. Their' cornpl;tint 
is, that thc (..x•onstitution has been violatcd and disregarded, 
to the prejudice of the rights secured to them by thé Con • 
stitution." 
That is what the Senator said. He was satis- 
fied with the Constitution yesterday, without an 
if;" and I am sorry—perhaps it was owing to 
the hurry with which the Senator spoke—that hc 
put in the " if" to-day. Again, he said: 
YVe ask for 110 concession. should be humiliated 
it' we did ask it; and they would he litnniliated if they 
"ratited it. We ask for no concession ; ask only for 
right. Wo are asking for no new provisions whatever." 
That is what pleased nw. yesterday; it pleases 
me to-day; and I think the honorable Senator 
from Illinois cannot have his moral and physical 
nature in a normal condition if it gives him pain 
to hear this expression of reverence for thc Con- 
stitution, and of satisfaction with its provisions, 
pronounced by the honorable Senator from Vir- 
ginia, and accorded to by myself. 
Sir, from the very announc.mnent of this con- 
troversy, onc thing has struck me, and I will now 
state it to the Senate. We meet together here, 
and it is am•oed upon all hands that something is 
I have been met by volunteer cotn- 
out of joint. 
mittees on the street, that teli they come to 
appeal to mc, and to ask that I will give my hum- 
ble aid to settle the question. " Well," I say, 
my friends, if you will tell me what the ques- 
tion is; I will help you with all Iny heart;" 
and 
I ask what the question is now? 
ft is not dis- 
satisfaction with the Constitution. The honor- 
able Scnator from Missouri [Mr. GREEN] made 
the sarne avo wal some days, possibly some weeks, 
since. The Constitution is well enough; and yet, 
sir, this Congress meets; t.he country is distracted, 
and you all go to work to patch up amendments 
to that which you agree is now perfect. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator will allow me, 
many people are finding fault. We come together, 
and men want to cure the evil by mending and 
patching that which they all agree needs no mend- 
nog, and which is in itself perfect. 
Again, sir: of what do you complain? For 
what are you going to break up this Government? 
I Do you complain of its administration here by 
the two Houses of Congress and the Federal 
President? Why, sir, it was the declaration of 
one of the representatives of the seceding States, 
[Mr. TOOMBS,] on this floor last session, that in 
the main, from the time of the adoption of the 
Federal Constitution to the present time, the Fed- 
eral Government had been honestly administert?d 
according to the purposes of the Constitution; and 
never more so than at the present time. 
Then, sir, you have got a•perfect Constitution, 
and a perfect administration of it by its organs. 
How is its judiciary? Do you find any fault with 
them? Has there been any exposition of the 
Federal Constitution by the chosen arbiters that 
arc to decide what the Constitution is, that dis- 
pleases you? Is there any fault found with that? 
None that I have ever heard of. Well, then, sir, 
the Constitution perfect, the legislation perfect, 
and the judiciary perfect, what do you find fault 
with? Is there anything in the constitution of 
any one of the States? I have not heard it sug- 
It was stated by the same authority to 
gested . 
which I have just referred, that the judiciary of 
all the States, with the solitary exception of the 
State of Wisconsin, had been sound and faithful 
in their construction of the fugitive slave law. 
Then, sir, if you have got a perfect Constitu- 
tion, a perfect administration of it by the Federal 
Government, and a perfect (as you regard it) con- 
struction of it by the Federal and State judiciary, 
what do you want? 
If you want anything fur- 
ther in a judicial line, I have no doubt you can 
have it when you make a case. The honorable 
Senator from Oregon [Mr. LANE] the other day 
said he had no doubt—I do not know whether he 
meant it as a compliment or a reproach to the Su- 
prernc Court of the United States—that if a proper 
case could be made out and submitted to that 
court, they would decide that the election of Mr. 
Lincoln was unconstitutional. 
Mr. LANE. Or any other honest court. 
IVIr. HALE. No matter about that; 1 am not 
dealing with " any other honest court" 
with one. 
I speak of that only to show what the 
honorable Senator from (hc•gon thinks on this 
matter, and no Senator rosc in his place to ques- 
tion his statement. 
It may have been meant for 
a compliment to that court: I confess I think it a 
I remember hearing a piquant anec- 
reproach. 
dotc related by an honorable gentleman from New 
York, once a member of this body—f will give 
his name—Mr. Dickinson. Mr. Dickinson said 
that, on a certain occasion, there was a minister 
settled in one of the small towns of the State of 
Nesv York, and the terms of his payrnent were 
so many bushels of rye, provided his preaching 
suited. He preached some time without getting 
any substantial evidence that his preaching was 
satisfactory; and he went to some of the brethren, 
and said, " Brethren, does my preaching suit? 
If it don 't, I can alter it, for I am determined to 
have that rye anyhow." [Laughter.] -well, sir, 
I think if you have not got any judicial decision 
that suits yet you can have it. The Senator from 
Oregon thinks so. We agree there. 
Then what is the matter? I know it is a very 
easy thing to repent of other men 's sins, and to 
make confessions for other men 's faults, and we 
have had a great deal of that piety on the other 
side of the Chamber— 
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 ask the honorable Sen- 
ator from New Hampshire how he knows that 
fact ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from New Hampshire yield the floor? 
Mr. HALE. I do not yet. I have yielded too 
often. I have no morc concessions to make cm 
I will show the misapprehension he is laboring that subject. [Laughter.] I say, Mr. President, 
under as to the point I Inade 
we have had a great many confessions made upon 
Mr. HALE. Show it after 1 
get through. 
the other side of the Chamber of moral and polit- 
You will have the wholc ground to yourself, and ical delinquencies that have been committed, but 
can do it then. 
they have been Democrats confessing Republican 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I supposed it would be more sins! We havc not hcard a word of any of their 
agreeable to the Senator to be corrected than to be own shortcomings from their lips. They have 
allowed to put me in a false position. 
been all pointino• out wherein we have erred and 
Mr. HALE. I say we present a curious spec- 
sinned, and have never given the slightest atten- 
tacle. butagreat tion, nor made the least inquiry, so far as any 
