THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 31, 
of disaffection which have been exhibited in any 
quarter of this country. No, sir: 
I am for it in 
the spirit in which it was formed; I am for the 
whole of it, in every part; and let me here say a 
word or two in regard to those special matters 
which have obtruded themselves upon our atten- 
What is it that you want? You want a guar- 
antec that this General Government never will in- 
terfere in any manner with slavery in the States. 
Sir, it is not in human language to eive it to you 
stronger than you have it now. You may makc it 
just as strong as you please, and I defy tho phi- 
{ology of the most learned and the most astute to 
put any guarantee in the Constitution so strong 
ns you have it now in that provision. which says 
that everything that is not given and granted by 
the Constitution is reserved to the pcoplc and the 
States. The right to abolish slavery in the States 
not being given, it is expressly reserved by this 
very provision. 
And, sir, you want the Missouri 
restored. That Missouri compromise is a very 
It saved the Union in 1820 by 
curious measure. 
being passed; it saved it in 1854 by being repealed ; 
and now it has to save it again by beino• passed 
again. How longit will be before it will have to be 
reversed, I do not know; but this Missouri com- 
promise is the eternal, unfailing medicine that is 
to cure all the diseases to which the body politic is 
subject. I remembera quack doctor in my neigh- 
borhood that had but one medicine, and he used 
it just as you propose to use this Missouri com- 
promise. When he wanted a mcdicinc to produce 
one efl'ect, he scraped it down the tree, and when 
he. wanted it to produce another, he scraped it up. 
'l'hat is just exac.tly the case in 
[Laughter.] 
which you put this IVIissouri cornpromise. Sorne- 
timos the Union is in danger, nnd you rnust pass 
'VI-len it is in danger turain, and it must bc 
it. 
repealed. Six years hence it may be 1 
aerain, and you mast pass it. How long do you 
suppose the Union will last patched ill 
iter, if the Missouri compronuse, first up and 
then down, is the only medicine that it is cvcr to 
have ? 
Again, sir, I ask, what do you want? I)o you 
want anything more than what you have (rot ? 
You have got the whole, and we have not asked 
you to give anything l..mck. 'I'he Suprcune Court, 
in the Dred Scott decision, have dccidcd all that 
I wili tell you what they say; per- 
you want. 
haps you have forgotten. They say in so many 
wordN—I do not know that I can read it; 
but you 
will find it there—that the. only power that is con- 
ferred on this Federal Government in relation to 
slavery in the Territories, is the pov.yer, coupled 
with the duty, to protect it in the Territories. 
'That is the supreme law of the land , pronounced 
by the Suprerne Court of the United Slates, for 
which you all have so much reverence. Gentle- 
men, I appeal t.o you 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the Senator allow 
me to ask him a single question in this connection ? 
Mr. HALE. Not now. 'I'hc Scnutor can oct 
the floor right after me. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. the honorable Sen- 
ator adopt that construction of the law and the 
Constitution ? 
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, 1 will say this: 
there is a vacancy on the bcnch of the Supreme 
Court; and if Mr. Lincoln should nominate me 
to that place, and tl'ie Senate should confirm me 
then I will tell you, [laughter;] and then my opin- 
ion will be worth something. 
, the opin- 
ions of the Supreme Court do not depend on the 
question whether I adopt them or not; and I think 
the honorable Senator from North Carolina never 
would go home and tell his people, 
' '1M y friends, 
this is all a sham. This Dred Scott decision is I 
not worth a straw. It does not protect your prop- 
erty worth acent;for I, myself, putit to Mr. H ALE. 
in the Senate, and hc would not tell whether he 
considered it binding or not." Now, sir, that is 
the law. I know that is the judgment pronounced; 
and I tell you, gentlemen—I am talking plainly, 
and I trust not unkindly—you are not backing 
your friends as you ought to do, by intimating 
that the decisions of the Supreme Court want any 
bolstering up here by acts of Congress. 
If' anv 
member of the bar of that Supreme Court shoulå 
be found in the court giving utterance to the ex- 
pression of such an opinion as that, that one of 
their decisions needed the sanction o? this Con- 
and bowed in humble submission to the foot of 
gress, I am not sure that he would not be dealt 
the civil power. I recognize all that; and I know 
He certainly ought to be. 
with (or contempt. 
that among the illustrious men whose 
further, 
Then, sir, you do not want them. Do you 
valor won and whose wisdom preserved, by the 
want to give us anything? We do not want. it. 
consolidation of the Constitution, the liberties of 
Do you want to conc.ede to as anything? Do 
this country, there is another honored name, an 
you want to give anything that you have got? 
ancestor of the honorable Senator from Virginia. 
You have got the whole. Keep it. Make the 
Sir, 1 wish, as long as time lasts, that the fame of 
most of it. You have got it in the most solemn 
Virginia may be illustrated by no less illustrious 
form in which you ever can get it; and if you are 
names than that which is worn by the distin- 
to get it by an act of Congress on the top of that 
guished Senator from Virginia, [Mr. MASON.] If 
decision of the Supreme Court, I tell you, you 
he does not always speak the scntimcnts which 
weaken rather than strengthen your title. Then 
best accord with my own, if his manner to an un- 
you have got the General Government; you have 
sophisticated man, not accustomed to it, some- 
got Congress; you have got the Supreme Court; 
times savors n litile—l wili say of plantation man- 
•you have got every State court except the court 
ncrs, because I •was on a plantation once, and I 
of "Wisconsin; and you have got everything on 
know the kindness of their manner—but if his 
earth that you want, except one thing; and that 
manner does sometimes indicate to an unsophis- 
you are trying to get. It has come to that at last. 
ticated observer that Virginia is not a State, but 
You are try ilk to bring the majority under the 
THE State of the Union, I forgive it all, because 
minority; and do not know but you will do that. 
I can nevo obliterate from my heart the recollec- 
If you do, it will be done by way of compromise. 
let say that I think, when I cx- lion of that debt of gratitude which I, in common 
Now, sir, 
press my reverence for the Constitution, and my 
with all of us, owe to Virginia. 
But i tell you, Senators from Virginia, if I am 
willingncss to abide by it, and the whole of it, in 
not trespassing on the proprieties of this place, 
every part and particle of it, I do, at least printa 
all the fame that your glorious ancestors have 
fac.ie, pive, some evidence to the world that I am 
won for your glorious State; all the glorious mem- 
I tell the Senator from Illi- 
a Union-loving man. 
ories of the great men that havc illustrated your 
nois, he ought not to bc shocked—and I think 
history, will go out in that eternal darkness which 
does violence to his moral nature in allowing him- 
shall shroud the liberties of this Republic, if Vir-. 
self to be shocked—when the honorable Senator 
I tell you, 
ginia leads in this raid of secession. 
from Virginia gets up and speaks in commenda- 
, the liberties of this country, for weal or for 
lion of the Constitution; and I give it my assent. 
woe, depend upon the conservation of this Union. 
So fur from being shocked, I was rejoiced at it. I 
was rejoiced that the Senator from Virginia gave 
The very preservation of its liberties depends upon 
the conservation of this Union; and that great 
utterance to those sentiments; and I accord with 
sentiment, so eloquently and so ably pronounced 
them to the fullest extent. 
by a distinguished Senator from Massachusetts— 
Rut, now, as I sce have—what I do not often 
not now on this floor, or among the living—of 
have—the ear of tbc honorable. Senators from the 
" Liberty and Union, one and inseparable, now 
State of Virginia, I would, if it be not arrogant, 
speaking here föl' rny country, address sil)gle 
and forever," is as true now as it was then. 
it is true in the present; and it will 
word to-day to the great State of Virginia. 
was truc then; 
Against the advice of' some friends wit.h x.vhom 
bc true in the coming future. 
I have trespassed upon the Senate longer than 
usually sympathize and generally follow, I was 
pleased t.hat the State of Virginia had instituted 
I meant to do; bat I carinot close without making 
onc more appeal—an appcal to every Inan that 
and orgal')ized a n)eeting of commissioncrs to 
values liberty, to dispel from his imagination for- 
ineet in this Federal Capital, on the 4th of the 
ever the idea that liberty is to bo sought in the 
next rnonth, to advise about matters relating to 
I should have been a little 
separation and secession of these States. 
t hc comrnon welfure. 
the impatience of nny fricnd from Texas, [Mr. 
better pleased—but I was not consulted about 
that—if the time had bccn put off a little longer, a 
WIGFALL.] He is impatient that my poor voice 
few days, so that we rnight havo had a little more 
may bc hushed, and that he may be permitted to 
illuminate this Chamber with the radiance of the 
titne for consultation. 
was pleased, too, that 
Virginia had not yet forgotten all the ties that 
i Lone Star from Texas. Hc shall have thc floor 
bound the old thirteen States towelher. 
I was 
soon. But I tell you, geritlemen of the seceding 
pleased that her mission was sent out not only 
States, your 
history is written. 
It wants no 
to the slaveholding but to thc non-slavcholdinff 
It is written. Do you 
prophet to proclaim it. 
States, and that they were all invited to come. 
ask where? In the history of the Republics of 
will say here, what has not yet transpired to the 
Mexico and South America. Go there, sir, and 
public, and perhaps is of very little interest to the 
you will read it to-day. Ten years hefice, you 
public, that when the announcement was made on 
may read it, rewritten, on other pages; the story 
this that the State of 'Virginia had initiated 
the same, the name only changed. 
, [ , in consultation with my colleague, 
this measure 
Now, sir, let me say a word in behalf of my- 
and our colleagues in the other House, joined in 
self personally, in regard to this matter. 
an earnest recommendation to the Governor of 
I degree of personal responsibility in connection 
thc State New Hampshire, asking him to send 
I with this subject. 
I tu-n ready to concede every- 
commissioners to meet those who would bc sent 
thing that is consistent; and if " concede" is not 
fron) the States, telling him it was our opin- 
the word, give I-ne the word and I will use it. 
1 
ion, upon the best consultation we could have in 
am willing to do everything that is consistent 
the short time allowcd us, that such a kneasure 
with my moral duty and with a patriotic desire 
as that would be salutary ill its consequences. 
to serve my country, and serve it faithfully: but 
What effect that advice ilia y have upon his ex- 
I tell you, sir, 
the difficulty does not lie there. 
cellcncy, the Governor of New Illampsbirc, 
I Mad ness rules the hour. 
Reason is subverted; 
Perhaps he may not fee! authorized 
know not. 
passion triumphant. MT hat do we want, then? 
to take that. responsibility ih the absence of the 
We want time, that is ail. We want a little of 
Legislature. 
the healing influences of time, and we want to ap- 
if there be a State in this Union that 
But, sir, 
peal to that sober second thought of the people Of 
has rnore than -any other State at issue, in the 
this whole Union, which a distinguished states- 
discussions which are passim' to-day on the ques- 
Inan of other days said was always right. We 
tion which now agitates this country, it is the 
want to wait for that, and let that come in, and 
i tun willing todo.justico every- settle that which we, in this hour of passion, are 
State of Virginia. 
where, to everybody; and I recognize that it was 
not competent to do. If there are those of these 
Virginia whose philosophic statesmen portrayed 
States that cannot, and will not, be satisfied, in 
to the eyes of heaven and earth the story of our 
God's name, let them go. I tell you, sir, the 
rio•hts and in the Declaration of indepen- 
Union will be preserved nevertheless. 
Its stars 
dence with an eloquence rarely equaled, never 
and stripes shall stilt float in the valleys and over 
equaled since He spakc as never man spake. I 
the mountain tops. True hearts shall rally around 
reccvnize that it was a chosen son of Virginia 
it. 
It shall preserve the literature, the learning, 
who, by his patience, his prudencc, and his valor, 
the liberty, and the religion of the land; and.when 
led our armies through the war of' the Revolution ; 
you that have gone off, like the prodigal son, in 
and after alk the victories which he had gained 
the far country, filling your belly with the busks 
over thc foes of his country had given him a place 
which the swine did eat, turn at last to this Union, 
in the annals of time second to no man, he won 
then, sir, and not until then, will wc kill the fatted 
a greater victory than all that, over himself, when 
calf, and rejoice that the lost is found and the dead 
he laid down the insignia of military authority 
I alive again. [Applause in the galleries.] 
