1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
665 
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, 1 desire to 
say a few words, and but very few, in reference 
to tho matters that have been under discussion 
this morning; and I obtrude upon the Senate for 
the reason that I and my colleague, I believe, are 
the only remaining Senators from those States 
which have sccedcd, or certainly will. 
Two months have elapsed since the Congress 
of the United States met; since it was proposed 
that the Union should be saved; since committees 
were raised in both Houses; since propositions 
were referred to them; and we have not proffressed 
one hair's breadth. The distinguished Senator 
from New York, (Mr. SEWARD,] who is not pres- 
ent, who x,vas advertised to make a Union speech 
some two weeks ago, discussed matters and things 
generally; and when he came to the practical ques- 
tion, said that, as to the secession of these cotton 
States, it was so trivial a matter that he really did 
not think it was worth I-1is while to stop and dis- 
He passed that over as onc of thc inci- 
cuss it. 
dents that was worthy barely of an allusion, but 
I did no.t hear his speech to- 
of nothing more. 
day, and therefore cannot speak as to that. 
I am a plain, blunt spoken man. I usually say 
precisely what I mean, and I always mean pre- 
cisely what say. I am for the Union and tbc 
Constitution of 1787, according to my under- 
If this Government could be ad- 
standing of it. 
ministered in oc.cordance witli the principles of 
the Union that was ratified by the* old thirteen 
States, that became binding between them as 
States, and my advice could be heard in the State 
which 1 in part represent upon this floor, 'Texas 
would not now be considering the question as to 
the propriety of withdrawing from this Confed- 
they represent the majority party. Without their to the people to vote. What, in _the name of God, 
assent, without their cordial aid and coöperation, 
is it thåt the Crittenden resolutions propose? It 
we know that the Constitution cannot be amended; 
that no compromise can be made. What, then, 
was the use of our stultifying ourselves? What 
was the use of our sitting here, and voting down 
resolutions which expressed the opinion of the 
dominant party of the country, in order that the 
Senator from Illinois might write letters, or tele- 
graph to different States, that the Union was about 
to be saved; that tho Crittenden resolutions had 
been passed through the Senate. I did not intend I 
to make myself a part.y to the fraud; and there- 
fore, when the question came up between the Crit- 
tenden and Clark resolutions, I, for one, forbore 
I knew that the Senators upon that side 
to vote. 
of the Chamber had the majority. We had ap- 
pealed to them; '.ve had begged them, in God's 
rnercy, and for the good of their own people, and 
for the peace of the country, to Interpose, and to 
settle this question upon some safe basis. 
The Senator from New York, [Mr. SEWARD,] 
to my utter astonishment, to-day said that he had 
been for compromise all the time, and defied any- 
body to say that he had opposed any single one 
of the resolutions that wore referred to the com- 
mittee of tl'lirtcen. Now I was not a member of 
that committee, but it wras published in the news- 
papers, it was asserted upon this floor, it was as- 
serted in his presence time and again , that he voted 
If the Senator 
acrainsl every single proposition. 
—l see him now in his seat—desires to make an 
explanation of this, if I have misunderstood, I 
will give way with pleasure. He does not wish 
to make the explanation, and therefore it must 
go. I-low, then, the SenatorfromNewYork could 
eration. But that is not so. There is a radical say to-day that he had not opposed these adjust- 
difference of opinion as to the very forms of Gov- 
The man 
ernment under which we are livinff. 
who administers the Government differs from his 
party. It is said that we have had the Govern- 
nacr)L in our hands; that the Democratic party 
have it in their hands now. Every one—as this 
is a day in which platfonns are discussed—who 
has ever read the platform of the Democratic 
party, knows that the President of the United 
States does not stand upon it. He denies flatly 
and unqualifiedly that the Constitution is a com- 
pact binding between States. So says the plat- 
form upon which hc was elected; and if he ever 
read the Kentucky and Virginia resolutions, and 
uhderstood them, I would say, if it were an in- 
dictablc offense to-day, that ho could bc indicted 
for obtaining offcc under false preoenscs. He 
regards this as a consolidated Government, in 
which the withdrawal of a State is a matter of I be. considered, the Pennsylvania Senator was one 
not the slightest consequence, and that the only of the first men to vote against his own motion. 
duty that devolves upon him is to enforce the i Therefore, when my name was called, I voted 
ments, and yet had persistently voted in the com- 
mittee of thirteen æ.rainst every proposition of 
peace, is one of the problems which I cannot solve. 
What was his vote upon the floor of the Senate, 
when the question camc up between the Critten- 
•den resolutions and the Clark resolutions? He 
voted for the Clark resolutions as a substitute. 
One of the Senators on that side, the Senator from 
Pennsylvania, [Mr. CAMERON,] moved to recon- 
sider. My name was one of the last that was 
called. I listened, and I heard the roll called 
through, and from the first to the last, from Alpha 
to Omega, they answered no. The Senator from 
Pennsylvania himself' rnoved to reconsider, and it 
v,ras flashed upon the telearapllic wires over the 
the Senator from 
country, all hope is not gone; 
I Pennsylvania has relented; he has moved to re- 
consider; and yet, when his motion came up to 
is that the people of the United States, as a single 
political community, shall' be allowed the przv- 
liege of voting upon the proposition as to whether 
they would like to vote at some subsequent time 
upon some propositions. 
If those resolutions be 
more or less than that, then I have read them in 
vain. The Senator from Kentucky himself does 
not pretend that they mean more than that. He 
does not introduce resolutions here to amend 
the Constitution specifically, and submit those 
amendments to the States for ratification. 
If, on 
the first day that Congress assembled, some one 
who desired to save the Union had introduced 
propcr amendments in this Senate or in the other 
. House, and the Republican party had relented; 
liad been willing to abandon then• platform arpd 
their principles; had voted for those resolutions; 
had submitted them to their Legislatures, and 
written private letters to their Governors to as- 
semble their Legislatures, and three fourths of 
those States had ratified them, then we would 
have seen something like earnestness in the effort 
to save the Union. Bat no such thing was done. 
It is only last night that saw in a leading Repub- 
iican paper what purported to be an extract from 
Mr. Lincoln 's own writing, declaring that he was 
utterly and v,'holly opposed to any cornpromise. 
Under thcse circurnstances, what IS therc to be 
gained by this tampering with the question? I 
It was hoped that the people 
will tell you what. 
of the South would be amused; that {he action of 
the secession party would be defeated; that Abra- 
ham Lincoln would be inaugurated; that the Pres- 
ident of the United States would the forts and 
keep the artns and munitions of this Government; 
that with a full Treasury, with a well-disciplined 
Army, a well-manned Navy, Mr. Abraham Lin- 
coin would be inaugurated President of these 
United States, and then we would be told, you 
. have to submit or be overrun. But, in the provi- 
dene,e of God, the people took this thing in their 
owl') hands. South Carolina ••.vas the first to move. 
The Government pledged itself to non-action. 
The Government violated its pledge. They saved 
one fort, but they lost their honor. South Car- 
olina lost one fort, but she saved her honor. Un- 
derst.anding the party they were to deal with, the 
flag of truce having been soiled, the other States 
seized upon tbc forts and the arms within them, 
and were prepared, even before secession, to de- 
fend the right. 
So stands the thing now. What, then, is the 
use of getting up hero and making speeches about 
the Union? Docs any Smoator on the other side 
intend to save it except with the bayonet? 
let him get up and tell us how. The Senator from 
Illinois has this mornincr acrain swrcrested tro us 
laws of the United States as well out of the Uni- against, reconsidering also, and would do it again. 
ted States as in it. "I'hat is his high sworn duty, I -shall vote for no rcsolution that is brought here 
It is a specific for all things. 
his' principle.' 
and he is on that road rapidky driving us 
into war; and the other I-louse, and those who sit 
in this Chamber, arc sitting idly and listlessly 
oazino on, when every man within the sound of 
my voice knows that thc very next news that may 
bc flashcd upon the licphtning from Pensacola 
Charleston may be that the Federal troops and 
the troops of Florida and South Carolino are in 
deadly conflict. And yet Senators get up here and 
talk about the Union, and desire that there should 
be peace, and their wish to preserve it; and they 
laugh and jest upon the subject. 
I rose specially and particularly to reply to the 
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. DOUGLAS,] and to ex- 
plain in perfect good temper that he has done me, 
and those who voted with me, the grossest injus- 
tice. He alluded to our vot.e upon the Clark res- 
olutions, as they are called. YVhat werc the Clark 
resolutions ? 'I'hey wereresolutions asserting that 
no amendments to the Constitution neces- 
sary; and that t"le only matter of importance was 
that coercion should be used upon the soverei&n 
States that had declared themselves out of this 
Union. When Lhose resolutions came up as a 
substitute for the resolutions of the Senator from 
Kentucky, every single Senator who belongs to 
the dominant party—the party that is to be in- 
trusted with the reins of Government on the 4th 
of March next—every single Senator, from the 
Union-loving Senator from New York [Mr. SEW- 
ARID] down to the most impracticable, voted for 
the Clark resolutions as a substitute for the Crit- 
I do not know whether he has a patent for it or 
to compromise, which does not receive the sup- 
port of the Republican party. What use is there, not; but really Doctor Townsend 's sarsaparilla 
what sense is there in voting to propose a question pales when it comes within the light of the ffreat 
to the peop]c when the dominant party, the party principle" of non-intervention. That is the ques- 
that is coming mto power, will oppose the com- i tion: amend the Constitution so as to say that 
Congress shall not ever hereafter have the right 
promise which we propose to make? 
I am not silly enough to suppose that those to interfere with slavery in any manner, shai)C, 
Senators are not representative men. I believe or form, cither to abolish or to protect. Why, I 
none of this twaddle which I hear every day that tell the Senator that that great principle of his dis- 
the Representatives are on one side, and their II rupted the Democratic party, and has now dis- 
ruptcd the Union; and but för him and his great 
I know that the vice of our 
people on the other. 
Government is, that men too closely represent principle, this day a Democrat would havo- been 
the passions, the opinions, and the prejudices of President of the United States, and the Union 
their constituents, and that it is only I-lcre and saved. That is the fact about the Inatter; and 
there, you finda man who can raise hilnsclf above when a Senator who has contributed more than 
any man in the Union, according to his ability, 
thc low demagoo•uism of the country, stand for 
himself, think for himself, speak for himself, and to the destruction of the country, comes here and 
charges me with complicity in dissolving the 
and trusting to their 
go back to his constituents, 
wisdom, to their intelligence, and to their virtue, i I Union, and charges in terms that ex-lrcunes n•neet, 
explain to them that he had voted against their and that I and my friends, and the Free-Soilers on 
instructions for their own good. My experience II the other side, are coöpcrating for the stune pur- 
in life has been, that those rnen who talk most pose; that we are voting together 
, and that we 
about the wisdom and the intelligence of the peo- take great cornfort in all these exhibitions of the 
pie, are those who least believe it. Therefore, I itnpossibility of saving the Union, I tell him that 
say that I am myself entirely satisfied that those he is not the man to come here and preach to any- 
Senators represent. their constituents, as I know body. 
From my youth upwards, I have been in favor 
and feel that I represent the fi2clings of thc people 
I am in favor of it now; and be- 
of this Union. 
amon$t whom 1 live. 
Under these circumstances, I am not willing to cause I am in favor of it, am, to us'e a paradox, 
It is to preserve it that 
mislead those who have intrusted mc here as one in favor of disrupting it. 
would destroy it. The Constitution has been 
of theguardians of their safety and of their honor. 
trampled under foot, the principles of the Consti- 
I therefore vote for no resolutions which do not 
receive the sanction of t.hc Reoublican party. I tution have been misunderstood, and a Constitu- 
tenden resolutions. They happen temporarily 10 
be in a minority; but they have the Government; vote for no unmeaning paper which is to be left li tion and Union have been substituted which were 
