666 
never ordained and established. A compact has 
been cntered into by individuals whiCh thö States 
never agreed to; and as a. party which disregards 
the Constitution, which has a higher lavv' than the 
oaths which they swear upon this floor, has pos- 
session of this Government; as our rights, our 
lives, and our liberties are unsafe; and because I 
believe this Union to be the best forrn of Govern- 
ment that the ingenuity of man ever established, 
I am in favor of the States withdrawing as they 
came into the Union, one after the other, each for 
itself and by itself, and taking this same Consti- 
tution and establishing it between partners, who 
will observe their faith and their oaths. 
When I talk about being for the Union, I do 
not use senseless and meaningless terms. I mean 
just what I say: that I am fora Government that 
established, not by individuals, not by sociål 
compacts, but by States or political communities 
in which each State or political community keeps 
control of its own domestic affairs, but intrusts 
to a conunon Government or agency the manage- 
ment of its foreign affairs. That is the Govern- 
ment that was formed in 1787; and that sort of 
government I am for now. For that sort of Gov- 
ernment I shall always hereafter be. That sort 
of government, I trust in God, will be formed next 
Monday at Montgomery; and I only regret that 
the State of Texas will not be in a condition on 
that day to become one of the parties to that com- 
If that be treason, if being in favor of the 
pact. 
Union and wishing to preserve that Union be a 
sin, then have I sinned most grievously. But I 
do not bear with much patience that nrucn whose 
conduct, politically, whose votes, and whose 
speeches, have created most of the antagonism 
and irritation bctwccn thc two sections ofthe coun- 
try, shall come here and taunt me as being in favor 
of the destruction of the country which I am sworn 
to preserve as long as my State lives in it. 
Now Ict us sec whether the Senator's specific, 
whether his sarsaparilla, will curc whatis the difii- 
cult y. I have ali,vays understood that it was a 
well settled principle, long bofbre the days of the 
Declaration of Independence, that Governments 
were instituted for the benefit of the governed; 
and that the purpose of organizing Governments 
was the protection of life, liberty, and property. 
That I have understood to be the case. The Sen- 
atop from Illinois wishes us to establisl'l a Federal 
Government that does not protect property. 'I'hat 
is the proposition after you have bolted it to the 
bran—a Government that is not to protect prop- 
erty. If he would say that as to all species and 
kinds of property, that when a cargo of goods 
left Massachusetts to sail for Louisiana, and got 
three marine leagues upon the high seas, any 
pirate, cruiser, sailing even under a regular 
flag, could scize upon that vessel and confiscate 
the goods; if he will Bay that, then I understand 
that, while his rule is a bud one, it works equally 
to' all sections. But neither he nor any other man 
has ever proposed that. 
It is on. y onc species of 
property that is to have the ban put upon it. 
That species of property is the scn•t tl)at we in 
the southern States property. That 
is to be branded; that is to be tabooed; 
that is not 
to be protected: and we are asked then to be 
satisfied. 1 say to the Senator ft•mn Illinois, I 
say to the Senator from New York, and to the 
Senator from New Hampshire, and to all those 
sitting upon that side, that we will never be con- 
tented with any such adjustment as that. 
The Union IS now dissolved. Six States are 
out of the Union. One more is probably out, or 
certainly will be within a few,' days. Other States 
may or may not secede. 
am no prophet, nor 
the son ofa prophet. But those States will never 
come back and with you, except upon 
equal terms. You have denounced us upon the 
stump; you have denounced us in your pulpits; 
you have, following the instructions and sugges- 
tions of thc Senator from Ncw York, educated 
our children to hate us. We have been tabooed. 
e have been treated worse than that. You have 
used savage practices, and then brought in all the 
cruelties of the Church. We have been marched, 
with your Dominicans bcfore and behind us, to the 
auto-da-fé. You have gone back, and you have 
unburied the dead; and you have put the Father 
of his Country, as you call him, the immortal 
Washington, in a coffin painted with devils; and 
you have inarched us, the livin(F and the dead, 
before thc civilized world thus branded, and bc- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 30, 
cause of our institutions. These are facts. Wash- 
inøton has been denounced in the northern States 
from one end to the other as a scoundrel by your 
froe-negro free-soiler. 
You expect that we will come back under these 
circumstances because the " great principle" is to 
be carried out. I say to you, Senators, on both 
sides, so far as the State and the people, which I 
in part represent, arc concerned, that they come 
back not upon any such terms as those. We say 
that man has the right to own property in man . 
We say that our slaves are our property. We 
say that it is the duty of every Government to 
protect propert.y everywhere. While we refuse 
protection to your property nowhere, claim 
protection to our property everywhere. The hon- 
orable Senator from Virginia spoke truly when he 
said, we ask no concessions. We ask nothing but 
that which is in the compact. We ask nothing but 
that which is in the Constitution itself. The Con- 
stitution of the United States recognizes slaves as 
property. I am not going to argue it. You all 
know that the Constitution kept the slave trade 
open for twenty years. The Constitution could 
not be altered during that period by the consent, 
even, of cvery State. For twenty years the slave 
trade was kept open by the Constitution, and if 
that was not a clear recognition of the right to 
traffic in human flesh, and buy and sell men and 
women, then I would like to know what would 
be. 
The Declaration oflndcpendcncc acknowlcdgcs 
the ricrht of man to own property in man, per- 
vertea and misconstrued as it is and has been by 
you. One of the gravest charges that is made 
against King George, in the Declaration of Ini 
dependence that hc is a John Brown Wide- 
Awake. They charge, as onc of their reasons for 
dissolving their connection with the British Gov- 
ernmcnt, that George Ill was stirring up insur- 
rcction tunong their slaves. And yet you say 
that the Declaration of Independence declares that 
all men aro free and equal. 
It does use that gen- 
eral phraseology; but if they by all men, 
negroes as woll as whites, Indians as well as 
whites, those who had no political rights as well 
as those who had; if that was their mcanincy, with 
what sort of consistency could they have stated, 
as a ground for dissolving their connection with 
the British Government, that the British Crown 
was stirring up insurrection among their slaves ? 
And yet that is what they say. 
Why, Senators, you do not deceive yourselves. 
You have been attempting to deceive your con- 
stituents, and you have reaped the reward. You 
have dissolved the Union. The Declaration of 
Independencc declares that when one people dis- 
solve their connection with another people, it is 
but proper that they should give the reasons for 
their separation. It then indulges in some genera! 
remark as to all men being created free and equal, 
and having thc inalienable right to life, liberty, 
and thc pursuit of happiness. 
It then declares, 
specifically, that inciting insurrection in the coun- 
try was one of the causes of diffculty. What is 
the fact as to Massachusetts? I see one Of the 
Senators from that State [Mr. WILSON] listening 
to me. What is the fact as to Massachusetts? 
Why, on the 18th of July, 1776, they published 
the Declaration of h)dependence in the Boston 
Gazette; and, before God, they published an ad- 
vertisemcnt for a runaway negro, and offered 
another for sale. [Laughter.] can produce the 
record, if you deny it. 
If you doubt it, on some 
other day, I will. Did the people of Massachu- 
setts then believe that all men" meant negroes 
and Subsequently to that time, or abont 
simultaneously with that, they passed a law by 
their Legislature fining and imprisoning any white 
man or woman who would intermarry with a 
negro, imposing heavy pains and penalties upon 
those who would solemnize the marriage. Was 
that treating negroes as their equals? If a negro 
was one of that class of the human family spoken I 
of in the Declaration of Independence under the 
ceneral term all men,' 
and had his happiness 
involved in contracting marrive with one of the 
fair sex of another color, were you permitting 
him the pursuit of his happiness by putting him 
in the pillory or penitentiary, if, with her consent, 
he consummated the marriage? The thing is too 
i absurd to talk about. The men of the Revolution 
were white Inen. They intended to assert that 
political communities had the right of self-govern- 
ment, to live under such form of government as 
suited them. They made that declaration; and 
they made. that declaration only. It was all they 
meant; it was all they intended; it was all that 
was understood by any man then living to have 
It is what we uhderstand 
been intended by it. 
now. 
Then, if you wish to settle this matter, declare 
that slaves are property, and, like ali other prop- 
erty, entitled to be protected on every quarter of 
the globe, on land and on sea. Say that to us, 
and then one diffculty is settled. Then say to 
us that we are not to be enslaved; that we have 
the right of self-government; we have, within 
the last two months, ceased to consider this ques- 
tion of abolishing slavery; a question of more 
vital importance has been presented to us, and 
that is, not whether our slaves Shall be freemen, 
but whether freemen shall be made slaves? Not 
whether you will liberate our slaves., but whether 
you will enslave their masters? I say we have a 
right to live under such a form of government as 
we see fit. Six States have asserted that right. 
You deny it; and until you adrnit, in unmistaka- 
ble language, the right ofa State to withdraw from 
this Union; in otller words, until you admit that 
white men living south of Mason and Dixon 's 
line have the inalienable right (o live under such 
government as they see fit; until you admit that, 
and withdraw your forces and cease your men- 
aces, we are not disposed to consider any other 
question. When we are told that we have aright 
to live under such a form of government as •we 
sec fit, then we will counsel with you as to what 
sort of government will suit us, hut not till then. 
This is the programme, as I understand it, on 
the part of the seceding States. 
I have spoken 
thus plainly and•cxplicitly because my colleague 
and myself are the last representatives of those 
States upon this floor. How long it will be be- 
fore the offcc that we hold shall be abolished, I 
know not. 
I shall not resign my placc while 
State remains in the Union. While therc is a 
Senatorship to be filled, I shall fill it. When she 
has repealed the law, when she has abolished the 
office, when it ceases to exist, I shall take my 
departure, and then you can call it a rcsignat_ion 
if you wish. 
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire, 
after felicitating himself and his section of the 
country upon having all the decency, intelligence, 
virtue, and religion in the country, tells us that 
our history will be written in the history of Mex- 
ico. I say to that Senator, the history of Texas 
is already upon the pages of Mexican history. It 
is written there in blood. It was written therc in 
defense of liberty. You have attempted to do what 
the I)ictator in rexas did—to trample upon the 
Constitution of your country; to consolidate and 
centralize a Federal Republic; to trample liberty 
in the dust. Texas took arms in her hands and 
vindicated her right; and she will do it again. It 
has been written upon two pages of Mexican his- 
tory. It was written when we achieved our inde- 
pendence, and when this country becamc involved 
in a war with Mexico for wrongs unredressed,of 
twenty years' standing, includihg the question of 
the. Texas boundary. When this country became 
involved in that war with Mexico, 'I'exas again 
wrote on another page of Mexican history, hers 
in blood. 
'l'he military achievements of 
New Eneland, I believe, the Senator did not say 
anything of. It happens to be a singular fact, that 
while New England has been claiming all the 
Territory, she fbught for very little of it. The 
entire New Englancl States had only about a thou- 
sand men, from first to last, in the Mexican 'var 
out of sixty thousand. General Cushing, I be- 
lievc, managed to get a regiment of Irishmen out 
of Boston. Texas, upon the bloody fields of Mex- 
ico, carried seven thousand men, all told. That 
State, with less than one hundred thousand in- 
habitants, carried into the battle-fields of Mexico 
seven thousand men, and all New England one. 
But when it came to dividing the Territory, you 
thanked God you were not like us poor publi- 
cans, and you said that freedom must be extended ; 
that you were entitled to the Territory which, 
mtvith our blood, we had won; and because we are 
not satisfied, you consider us very unreasonable. 
These are the facts; and I say to the Senator 
that, having our history written upon two pages 
of Mexican history, we are not emulous of hav- 
ing further connection with that country. He 
