668 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 31, 
tion of the Clark amendment to the Crittenden are in favor of intervention, too. They both agree these tvro extremes, and save the Union. 
certainly did not intend to do any that Congress must intervene and control the sla- plausc in the 'Yalleries.] 
resolutions. 
I hope that there is a 
injustice to him or any other Senator. I merely very question. They both agree as to the power Union sentiment left in the southern States. 
recited thc facts. Those are not denied. The and duty of Congress to intervene and control the believe that if •we shall do justice by 
facts are, that when the vote was first taken, it slave question. He does not think that the Union ourselves of the power to commit those 
disclosed that the resolutions would be carried, if is in danger in consequence of the Republicans sions on the slaveholding Statcs which we sav 
this side of the Chambor had voted against the asserting the right and duty of this Government I we do not intend to commit, adopt a constitutional 
Clark amendment. Some on the other side voted to prohibit slavery in the 'Territories, and in the I amendment rendering it impossible for us to do 
at first against the amendment, but changed their dock-yards, and navy-yards, and the District of what they think sve mean to do, and what we say 
votes after they found that the Senators from the i Columbia. He sees no danger from that, and E we do not intend to do, there will be Union noen 
cotton States would not accept the proposition. none from the counter demand, that the Federal I enough in Virgiliia, in Maryland, and North Car- 
1 also stated that telegraphic dispatches were sent Government shall interfere to maintain and pro- i olina, and in all the border States, and in all the 
off immediately, that there was no hope of pass- 
tect slavery everywhere. • I do see that this whole cotton Statcs too, svho will outvote the secession- 
ing the Crittenden resolutions, because they had f trouble arises from tho conflict between intervon- 
ists and preserve this Union. 
becn voted down. That fact is not denied. The tionists north and interventionists south. The 
I desire, sir, to make my appeal to the Union 
excuse for that fact is, that the Senator voted as 
he did on the reconsideration, and refused to vote 
on the original proposition, in order that i should 
not have an opportunity of send i ne Offa telegrap h ic 
dispatch to the country that the Union was safe, I 
and that the Crittenden resolutions would be 
adopted. What right had hc to assune that I 
would send any such dispatch? 
Mr. WIGFALL. I not interrupt the cur- 
rent of your arwument•, but, that wc may under- 
stand each other, I just wish to ask the Senator 
if he has any information as to whether any dis- 
whole trouble arises from the conflict men of the country, North and South; to the con- 
those who demand that Congress shall intervene servative feeling of the country; to the great pa- 
for the purposc of prohibitino• 072 the onc side, 
triotic hoart of the people; and to ask them to arise 
and those vu,rho demal')d that. Conkress Shall intcr• 
ill) their might, and overthrow all v party that will 
vene for the purpose of protecting and rnaintain- 
combine to destroy this Union for any purpose. 
ing on the other side. 
I do not desire any section, or any State, to give 
'I' lac Senator from Texas cannot vindicatc him- up any right under the Constitution. 
self and those that act with Ilin•, unless hc vin- 
sense, the remark of' the Senator froin Vi rginla, 
clicatcs the Republicans also; and they cannot 
and the indorsement of the Senator from New 
_Hampshire, was just. 'The Senator fronn Vir- 
vindicate their position without vindicating his. 
Hence they unitc in denouncincr non-intervention; i} ginia war)ts no concessions; he is satisfied with 
they turree in denouncing the great principle of 
patch was sent from the Senate as to that vote, 
non-interfercnce, which alone can put a stop to 
and what the character of the dispatch was; bc- 
the slavery agitation. 
'Ehe Senator could not 
cause he asserted it broadly. I want to put myself 
He has asse.rted broadly that we voted in 
a certain way, and that the Obiect of it was to send 
these dispatchcs,. and that the dispatcl'ies w cro 
I have not. seen') any of those dispatches 
sent. 
pu t.)lished myself', and arn not, awn rc of the. fact. 
I that the Senator frotn Georgia [Mr. 
IVERSON] sent a dispatch, and the only one that 
was sent, I expect; 
but I do not know. 
I want 
to understand whether the Senator knc-»ws what. 
was the character of those dispatches. My reply 
about his sendin«r d ispa tches was legitimate. 
regarded it as a reply to that, poil)t. 
- Mr. DOUGLAS. In regard to that, I will say 
that I saw gent.len)en here writing what I sup- 
posed to be dispatchos— but that, of course 
not inquire into—and in a day or two I sa.w dis- 
patches iVi southcrn papers, purporting to be froin 
those Senators, and I presurncd they; were gen- 
I think I have seen rce 01' fi)tu• notices of 
thetn in difTerent papers. That is all the inform- 
ation I had that. subject. 
Mr. WIGlöALL. Precisely. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Now, sn•, 1 have sent no 
dispatch upon this subject, except one signed 
jointly by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. CRIT- 
TENDEN] and HI yse\l', 
in reply to a cormnittee of 
very prominent and distinguished persons, asking 
ion we simply ex pressed our opinion. 
we said, we have hope;" 
and added , 
Don't 
gi ve up the shil)', don 't despair ()t• Repu blic. 
r I'llat was all. 
I could not have sent dispatch, 
i. pro eosition had been defeat led , 
efli•ct, that the CEIltcndcn proposition was ad opted , 
it left that nacted upon. 
r ['he effect of 
all the gentlemen on this side votin«y in o p ")ositi0!) 
to the Republican side, on that amend wou ld 
have been to leave the Crittenden vn•oposit.ion be- . 
the Senate to be acted upon ; wo uld have (Ti ven 
it a chance to be 
; and would have 
prived them of the opportunity of telegraphing to 
thc country that there was no hope, in ordei• to 
oxpcditc secession in the States where the vote 
was about to be taken. Such use was made of 
that vole; and it was i(uritimatc, therefore , for me 
to refer to it as an evidence that there was an an- 
willingness a some on this side of the Cham- 
havo given a more striking illustration of tho jus- 
tice of my first comments of' the syrnpathy be- 
tween the extremists north and tho extremists 
than this unity of purp•ose to keep the 
slavery agitation in Congress, and thus produce 
irrepressible conflict" bet'.veen the two soc- 
tions. All I have ever asked was, that tho Ro- 
publicans, 01') their side, should give up their al- 
loqyed ri(Fht to interfere a«yainst slavery, and that 
the extren•.o South should give up their claim to 
i E') tertOrc for slavery. Let the question alone, and 
there will be peace in this country. 
But the Senator says that, to adopt the princi- 
of non-intervention on the subject of' slavery, 
would be equivalent to the abandonment of' the 
right ot• protection to property; that, every Gov- 
ern nnent mast property everywhere. 'I"hat 
Sel')ator had bet.ter read the Constitution again , 
and then let him tell where he finds the power 
(riven to this Govern mcnt to protect horses, or cat- 
tle, or merchandise, or slaves, or any species of 
prot)erty in any State or Territory of this Union. 
I do not. propose to make, a distinction betwecl') 
them; but I deny tbc right of this Federal Gov- 
ernment to interfere with cither of them. The 
Constitution gives no power to do so in the States; 
and Ict I'lin-i show a clause of thc Constitution 
that gives greater power on domestic questions in 
the than in the States. 
I repeat that I sco no ho je of peace, except for 
the extremists north and the extremists south to 
yield to the 
adoption of tbc principle that the 
Government shall legislate upon the 
subject slavery anywhere. This question can 
bo taken out of Congress, can bc withdrawn from 
the arena of' Federal politics in various ways. 
One an equitable partition of the territory be- 
twcen the two sections, with clau.so.s in [be Con- 
stitution secu ring the enjoynent to thc North and 
to the South of the share of each. Another is, 
a provision that Congress shall not legislate on 
the subject an v where, except in the t-wo cases 
specifiéä. Eitlier of these provisions takes it out 
of Congress; and I arn willing, as I have said, to 
tnc•et, gentlemen half v,ray acccnn tnodatin(r 
1 do not ask t.hcm to come to any the- 
the Constitution as it is, as he it. 
The Senator from New I-lampsbire wants 
chan(re. 
I-Ie is satisfied with the Constitution , as 
he understands it. But il so happens that. these 
two Senators do not uriderstand thc Constitution 
In the satne way; and each of tl')em wilt 
up the Union l.)efore he will the construc- 
tion of the other. 
In that is the trouble; and how 
are you goinrr to reconcile it? T hc Senator from 
Virginin can not a reue the Senator from New 
Illampshirc out of his construction; nor can the 
I Senator Now I-lanujsh ire argue the Senator 
from Virginia out of his. How, then, is it to be 
sctt.led? • Y ou rnu.st cither adhere to your two 
extreme positions and dissolve t.hc Union, be- 
cause you each think you are right, or you must 
a cyree to such an amend Inent•of the Constitution 
as will and fix the constraction of it in all 
I-lence it comes to tho single point, 
that. either we must amend the Constitution so as 
to settle the points in dispute, or prosecute the 
irrepressible conflict" between the intervention- 
ists north and t hc interventi01'lists south , destroy 
the Government, and each charge it on the other. 
Under these circumstances, I do not understand 
how any Inan can be a friend of the. Union who 
is opposed to such a compromise of the matters 
in dispute as will preserve it. 
I hear the Repub- 
licans, .thc cxtrcme men—for there arc Union 
men, I find, on that side of the Chamber; but the 
uncompromising men that side of the Chamber 
are loud in their professions of attachment to the 
Union; just as loud in those professions as the 
Senator from Texas, just. as sincere, just patri- 
otic, and yet rushing with the stu•ne rapidity to the 
destruction of the very Union they profess to 
revere. The man that will not compromise by 
settlinqy the construction on this disputed point, 
hus no right to claim that he is a Union man. 
I föar thcre are disunionists, north and south, 
in the sense in which I understand the term: not 
in the sense in which the Senator from T'exas, or 
the gentlen-u-n) on the other side understand it. 
1 
(ear there are men in both sections of the Union, 
t who think it is better for their section to have the 
Union dissolved; fear there are in both sec- 
tionsof the Union who, for political reasons, would 
like to have it dissolved; I fear there are men 
in both sections, who think that their party could 
or y of' mine. I think it is tile best one; but I am control one half of the country, when they could 
bcr, as well as the other side, to adjust and ii willil!g, for the sake of' t.he peaco of the country, 
, not hope to govern the whole. 
I fear that these 
for the sake of this Union, to meet gentlemen half considerations are restraining patriotic men from 
settle thesc questions. 
t the Senator has to refer, by way of ridi- way accomtnodate this question 
, as our fatli- making those concessions which are essential to 
cule, as hc supposes—and it is very fine 
no ii ers did in the convention which framed the Con- the salvation, 
the peace, and the . perpetuity of 
doubt—to my " great principle" of non-interven- stitution. 
this Union. 
It is not agreeable to me to express 
tic) i') by Congress with slavery in the States and But the Senator does not see how honest n•men this conviction. 
I have attempted to express it 
Territories. Sir, if that. principle had been car- can have any hope of this Union. 
He must par- 
in terms as mild and as little offensive as possible; 
rit-.•d out, there would have been peace in this coun- don me for clingino• to the hope with as much but now say betöre high Heaven—and let it go 
and yet the Senator says that it is the 
try now; 
tenacity as I would to my lifö, that this Union may upon the wires, to the four corners of the Re- 
principle of non-intervention that has produced be maintained forever. 
I do not expect to con- 
public—that in rny opinion, there are disunionists 
these troubles in the land. He says that the vinee that class of Union rnen who propose to on this side of the Chamber and on that; disunion- 
fault is that of t lie advocates of non-intervention destroy the Union in order to preserve it; to break i ists south and north, and us mar) y north as 
for bril)2'ing this disturbance; not upon southern 
it up in order to maintain it. 
I do not expect to south, in both Halls of Congress; and think it 
interventionists; 110t. upon northern intervention- 
convince th osc northern Abolitionists who believe is time that the Union men of both Houses begin 
ists; that the Republicans arc not at all to blame; that the Constitution is a leogue with hen, and I to come together, and act in concert, and let the 
and that the southern extremists are not at all to get them to meet us and save the Union. 
f do I uncompromising men of both sections, who pre- 
blame. The are in favor of inter- 
hope that there is patriotism enough left in Sen- fer the dissolution of thc Union to the dissolution 
vcntion with ski very 'I'he Senator and his friends ators of various partics to unite and put down of their party, who prefer the destruction of the 
