1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
669 
Government to the destruction of their party or- 
Mr. TRUMBULL and others. be done. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not choose to be, eat- 
ganization, be separated from the Union men of Mr. WIGFALL. 'I'hey will not be kept here echized, categonca)ly, and have another gentle- 
the country. 
il much longer by me. 
I asked the Senator from 
The people will understand these professions 
of love while the dagger is being used; these pro- 
fessi0hs of devotion to the Union while there is 
a refusal to meet the question, to consider it in a 
spirit of conciliation, and to adjust it upon terms 
of fair comproinise. Nei[her party is exclusively 
responsible for these disasters. Neither can evade 
thö responfiibi!ity, if it does not meet this question 
the Union by compromise. I ready 
with any man who will shovv' his devotion 
to the Union by his willingness to make the con- 
cessions of pride and of party policy which are 
necessarv to save it. i will extend the right hand 
of fellow"ship in this emergency to a personal en- 
emy. I would meet hiin m patriotic council as a 
brother, even if I did not speak to him in the open 
I wilk make any concession that is just 
street. 
and fair—alike just to the North and the South, 
to the free States and the slave States—that will 
put an end to all this controversy; and my confi- 
dence in the patriotism of Senators is one of the 
chief sources of hope that some adjustment will 
yet be effected here. If I fail in that expectation, 
my confidence in the patriotism of the American 
people, North and South, even in New England 
and in the cotton States, justifies mc in Ille hope 
that the spirit that animated the fathers has not yet 
become extinct in (11Cir postern y. I do hope, and 
hope with Stout heart. 
I believe that by thc 
expression of that hope I do an act of justice; 
and certainly pay a high conoplhnent to those in 
w horn I repose that confide flee 
I did not expect 
to be called to account in these Halls for express- 
ing a hope that this Government was not to be 
destroyed, that this Union was not to be severed. 
I have seer) the time when men were expelled 
from the Halls of for introducing aboli- 
Itlinois to give us • the ground on which he pre- 
dicated his-hope. He answers me that he predi- 
cates it on the demonstrations made here every 
day. I have not seen them. I call for specifica- 
tions. What is it that has been proposed? What 
Senator has proposed a practical measure which 
will be voted for by a single Republican? Now, 
give me the facts. I ask for facts, not for words. 
want bread, not stones. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 do not ask the Senator 
what occurs in his consultations about Fort Sum- 
ter or Pensacola; and he does not ask me, of 
course, for the details of the consultations that 
we Union men are having with a view to save the 
Union . 
Mr. WIGFALL. Ah! 
Mr. DOUGLAS. If he will just wait till we 
bring in our proposition from day to day, he will 
sce that therc is more hope than he now supposes. 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 am satisfied. 1 have no 
objection to answerino• as to any of my corre- 
spondence as to Pensacola 01' Fort Sumter. The 
Senator feels some hesitancy in disclosing. There 
is no treason certainly in endeavorif)g 10 save the 
Union. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Nor in the other. 
Mr. WIGFALL. There Inay bc soloe toryism 
in some Qi' those States that have withdrawn. 
If 
their c„ltizens dare take up arms ao•alnst their sov- 
there inay be — tney rnay 
calk it treason there; but certainly there can be no 
treason in disclosincr a patriotic effort, which the 
Senator from Hlinois is making. 
I hope that he 
will not go off, because L may want to ask t'lit•n 
I tnereiy want the Union saved 
something else. 
i now; and if the Sev)ator from Illinois would on! y 
II tell the country, so that we could let it go on the 
tion petitions; and now I have lived to see lheday vv'ires, what it is he predicates his hopes upon, 
when a Senator is rebuked for expressing his own 
who it is Illat is relentii}€-r, w hut the propositic»n is 
silent hope that the Union may still last. 
that is goin«y• to be rnade, who is going to vote fot• 
Mt. WIGFALL. Mr. President, 1 have but 
if he would only do that, the country would 
it 
verv few words to say in reply to the Senator from be greatly relieved; but bis vague belief that some- 
I -did not object to his 
man hold tbe floor over me in a debate. When 
the Senator gets through, I shall reply to so much 
as I deem it necessary to reply to. 
Mr. WIGFALL. It is usually considered, 1 
believe, a courtesy to give way and let a Senator 
explain himself. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is, when he asks it; but 
it was never deemed the-r courtesy of the Senate 
that you have the right to propound questions 
and demand catogorical answers—by no means. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly not. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. If you are misapprehending 
my position, it is my privilege to ask you to give 
way for an explanation; and when the Senator 
gets through, if I deem it necessary to reply to 
his argumel)t, I shall do so. 
MrrWiGFALL. Then I am satisfied entirely; 
perfectiv satisfied. The Senator from Illinois can- 
not find' any power in the Gonstitution to protect' 
property. I ask if this is a Government? If it 
IS, what was it instituted for? For the protection 
of life, liberty, and property. What sort of prop- 
crty? and under what circumstances is this Gov- 
ernment bound to protect life, liberty, and prop- 
erty? W Ilen within the jurisdiction of the Fed- 
eral Governmcrn in the "Yerritories, in the navy- 
yards or dock-yards, or in the District of Colum- 
Lia, a upon the 
high seas. Nobody doubts 
that if cargo should sail to-morrow from New 
York to New Orleans, from an V port in the Uni- 
ted States to any other port in the United States 
—New Orleans is not now in the United States— 
or if a cargo should sail under the flag of the Uni- 
. ted States from New York to Liverpool, or any 
other foreign port, and it were seized upon by any 
individual or Government on the earth, 
it would 
be the duty of this Government to protect it. 
say, then, that at the South we demand that slaves 
shall be considered as property, and we ask no 
Inore protection for thern than ••.ve do for any other 
species of property. TV e simply insist that we 
Shail not be tabooed, that our species of property 
shall not be the OF)) y onc which this Government, 
that we have established, does not protect. That 
thing or other will be done after the Micawber 
is tbc posilion that we take. 
If the Senator from 
hope, nor to kli.s being hopeful, nor to his wish- 
style, will not. do. I do not know but that it was 
q Illinois wants to savc the Union by keepinz the 
ing that the Union might be preserved. I was so General Cass that used the illustration about the 
sarsa parilla 
border States in it, and inducing the cotton States 
unhapt-jy in my remarks as to make myself cn- 
It was not that he hoped I 
Mr. DOUGLAS. No. It was Mr. Benton or 
to come back, let him introduce a resolution to 
tire}y misunderstood. 
tl'lis glorious Union" would bc preserved; but 
he believed it would be, and had reasons for be- 
lievino• it. Now, I say rnnn who believes 
that this Union is goincr to be preserved by (z n y 
tunendmont beino• made to tho Constitution 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Allow me 
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. In each 
telegraphic dispatches to which he refers, the word 
was used, " belief;" but I will say 
Mr. Clay. 
I amend the Constitution in that particular, and let 
Mr. WIGFALL. to the Mi- him his Republican friends vote for it, and 
M caw ber principle which the Senator from Illinois 
it 
that I havc reasons satisfactory to Inyself 
upon which to predicate that firm hope that: the 
will be preserved. [Applause in the gal- 
Mr. NvVIGFALL. 1 will give way to the Sen- 
ator to state—and I am sure the country will be 
greatly obliøed to hirn for statino•, and the cause 
which he has so much at heart wili be greatly 
aided if' hc will reason upon which this 
hope and belief is founded. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will take great pleasure in , 
l. see indications every day Of dis- 
doinæ so. 
position to meet this question now and consider 
seems to be practicirjg, hc hopes L hat someth ing 
will turn up" at sotne time or other which the 
I really not. one 
Union is croinø to be saved. 
of those who have acted upon that 
it is the merest balderdash—that is what it 
is—it is tbc most unmitieyated fadge for any one 
get up hero, and tell men wha havo sense, who 
havc brains, that therc is any prospect of two 
thirds of this Congress passin(' any proposition 
as an amendment to the Constitution; 
that any 
twerity-one years old, and 
man who is white, 
south of Mason and 
whose hair is straight, 
I say it is 
Dixon's line, will be content with. 
balderdash; an(l the Sonntor cannot, state sin- 
gle proposition that will get a vote. on the ot.ller 
(rive us any sort of assurance that it will be rat- 
ified by the -people, and I have no idea that any 
other States will leave tbe Union, and I think 
there is a st.roncr proba bility that those that are 
out will back; but nothing short of this isa 
remedy. 
it does not do for the Senator to get up here 
and talk about saving the Ut)ion. He charges 
me and others with opposed to any amend- 
ments to the Constitution. Have I voted against 
any? I-lave I shown any indisposition to adopt 
Have not, from the time that I came 
i to this Congress until the present moment, said 
upon every occasion, 
that if propositions that 
i; vg'erc practical were introduced to be carried out 
in good faith, I would vote för them, and urge 
side, or that has the slightest prospect of being their adoption, and urge upon the people whom I 
ratified by a northern State. object to this sort represent that they should be satisiicd with them ? 
of fudgc beil)R indulcrcd in for the purpose of mis- It was the thing that i desired most heartily; 
i but whilc I wanted mude., voted for. 
leading the people. 
Now, I come to the Senator's constitutional and proposed to the States as amendments to the 
He comp,ains of rny not reading the Constitution, the Senator from I has been 
a Inrument. 
blatherskit.ing about here on one side or the other, 
what is necessary to save the Union ; and if those t Constitution, and he wants Ine to read it atrain. 
I havc read it and talking about the Unidi"), without going for 
advances in that directii)n were met in a spirit of 'l Sir, I do read the Constitution; 
I have read the decisions upol'l it; and [ anything practical. He proposes to-day nothing 
kindness and courtesy, instead of being repelled, I 
often; 
as an amendment to the Constitution. 
we shou}d see more ; and I believe that, as apprehend that I ur)derstand something about it, 
the crisis approaches, as the time of salvation be- at least the construction that is put upon it in the wanted to amend the Constitution to save the 
comes short, all men will become convinced that secti01') of country in which I live, and w I'lich J ! Union, why did he not, two months acro, intro- 
their duty to themselves, to their country, and to 
their God, requires them to Inake concessions, in 
order to save the country; and see the evidences 
of it here evpry day. If Senator will just fol- 
lo•sv Ine, instead of going off to Texas; sit here, 
will 
and act iu concert, with us Union men, 
a very .efilcient ao•ent 1 n accomplishino• 
[_A!jplause in tho grai{erles.] 
M . Mr. , 1 be obliged 
to 
the d Iffnity and repose of the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. FncYI.] 
The Chair has expected that motion for half an 
hour past. 
Jefferson,- that Nladison, that Calhoun, that the 
crrcat men of Virginia and South Carolina, always 
r i'he Scnat()? from 
put pon the Constitution. 
I Ilin,Qis wants to know v' here I find in thc Con- •i cotton States, to wit : 
stit.ution, the authority to protect slaves in the 
Territories, or anywhere else upon sea or upon 
if land. He asks seriouslywhcre it is in the Con- 
Now, should like the Senator from 
azain that the galleries be cleared, to pre- Illinois to .st.atc to rno, where ho finds in the Con- 
stitution the right. to protect a carcyo sailing under 
the flac of the United States, after it has left one 
believe to be the true one; the construction that duce propositions? Why does he to-day, after 
a two-nu»nths' discussion, o•et up here and pro- 
pose to us, as a coznpromise, the most oflönsive 
thing that he could possibly have proposed to the 
non-intervention, tabooino 
our property , and saying that the Federal Govern- 
ment shall simply stay its hand , leaving this prop- 
eu•ty to the tender mercies of anybody who 
attemnts t.o trespass it? That is his position, 
and what. he pccpjoses to us as a means of concil- 
iatmon•, as a Incans of reconciliation to the States 
that have already gone out; as a means of com- 
of our ports and is at sea, and has noc reached pron'lise•, asa means of peace, is the precise 
osition which was denounced from Dan to eer- 
I pause for a reply. 
i} another port. 
