THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION 
Railroad Cmnpany ; for which reason consider no step 
can be taken to annul said ordinance." 
E quote the above your better guidance, and for what- 
soever ends it may be necessary. 
PASTOR OSPINA. 
Your obedient servant, 
And, in further proof of the correctness of the 
opinion 1 have expressed, I read the following 
from the letter addressed by the Attorney General 
of the United States to the Secretary of the Navy: 
It must also be remembered that this grant of a road- 
way does not include any right to make a •railroad." 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 wish to ask 
my friend from Missouri, whether something is 
not said in the letf.er from which he is reading 
about the right of Improving the road referred to 
for the use of wheelcd vehicles? 
Mr. PHELPS. I have read the very words 
of the Attorney General of the United States. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 would like to 
ask the gentleman, at this point, what he under- 
stands to be included in the phrase010ffY "wheeled 
vehicles, "in the grant? Does it not cover railroads? 
Mr. PHELPS. It does not cover railroads. 
Such is my opinion; and in that opinion I am 
fortified by the opinion, as I have already said, 
by the decision of the •New Granadian Govern- 
ment, and the opinion of our late Attorney Gen- 
era}, Judge Black. The Government of New 
Granada has granted the exclusive right of way 
for a railroad across the Isthmus of Panama for 
the period of ninety-nine years, to another com- 
pany. This grant is made by the Republic of 
New Granada, and not by a State or province of 
that Republic. 
Mr. SICKLES. It is upon this point that 1 
desire to call the attention of the gentleman froin 
Missouri to the authority which he himself cites. 
I understand the gentleman to make the point 
that no railway grant was acquired from Chiriqui, 
For that he cites the authority of the Attorney 
General, on paøe 35 of the report of the, Committee 
on Naval Affan•s. That opinion is dated May 
11, 1859. 
Mr. PHELPS. I have yielded merely to an in- 
quiry by the gentleman, but not for an argument. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 would have concluded by 
this time, if the gentleman had not interrupted me. 
I was about to state that the Att.orney General, 
in this same communication, distinctly affirmed 
the existence ofa roadway grant, instead of deny- 
ing it. He said that, in March previous, he was 
of opinion that there was none; but that subsc- 
qucntly he had revised his opinion upon addi- 
tlonal evidence. He now says: 
Upon a reöxamination of this title, in the light of new 
evidence which accompanies your letter, I think that 
the first six objections, i'ormerly existing, Ilia),' now be con- 
sidered as disposed of." 
The sixth objection of the Attorney General, 
stated in his previous fetter ot• March 14, and re- , 
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1861. 
ernment of the Republic. Then the Chiriqui Im- 
provemcnt Company do not grant—nor can they 
I grant, though it is embraced in their contract— 
the right to transport troops and implements of 
war across that road. They have not the power 
to make any such contract. 
What else? If this contract should be con- 
firmed, the Government of the Ur.'.iied States 
would perhaps contend that it had secured some 
such right in this grant. Would not every one 
of you who may vote for this appropriation, and 
confirmation of this contract, contend that this 
Government have the right to use that road for 
the transportation of troops? I desire to read the 
eighteenth article of the ordinance of the province 
of Chiriqui, making a grant of certain privileges 
to Thompson. It says: 
ART. 18. A. W. Thompson is fully authorized to trans- 
fer the interests, properties, and privileges, &c., which by 
this grant he receives, to any pergon or persons, company 
or companies, with the sole condition that the road shall 
be improved, but in no case can be transiOr it to any tor- 
eign Government." 
By a preceding article it is declared, any infrac- 
tion of the condition of the grant produces a rev- 
ocation of the privileges granted to r.Phompson. 
In no case can he transför any right to any for- 
eign Government. Therefore, I say that so much 
of this article as stipulates for the transportation 
of troops and munitions of war across that Isth- 
mus, from the Chiriqui lagoon to the Pacific ocean, 
over the roadway which the Chiriqui Improve- 
ment Company claim, is v„rithout any value to 
this Government. The transfer of such a right 
to our Government works a forfeiture of the whole 
grant. And is this a desirable grant for the Gov- 
ernment to, possess—a grant which, the moment 
we take it into our possession, the moment we 
contract to obtain it, crumbles into pieces and is 
good for nothing? 
Furthermore, there is a supplemental contract 
added by the Secretary of the Navy, since the ad- 
journment of the last session of Congress, which 
It is as 
•has not been published. I will read it. 
i follows: 
It having been agreed during the. last session of Con- 
NEW SERIES.....NO. 43, 
tion of the enterprise, shall forthwith work -as coniplé.i& 
nullity and iOrfe1ture of the present-contract in till and every 
one of its parts, and the confiscation not only of such 
and munitions of war, but also of the railroad and all its 
works and fixtures." 
Again: the eighteenth article provides that— 
The grantees at no time shall be at -liberty, under pen- 
alty of forfeiting ail the privileges of,this contract, to trans- 
fer or to cede to any for'eigu Government the grant of cou• 
cessions and privileges made to them by virtue of the pres- 
ent contract. 
I have now shown you, so far as the right of 
transit is concerned,' and so- far as the power of 
those grantees to convey to the United States the 
right to transport troops and munitions of "war, 
either across their railway or their wagon road, 
is concerned, that such an act works a forfeiture 
of the grant made to them by the Government of 
Costa Rica and the province of Chiriqui. 
Tl'he next subject-matter Of the contract is five 
thousand acres of land on each side of the- prov- 
ince of Chiriqui for coal depots and naval stations, 
to be selected by this Governmcnt within twelve 
months after the date of the contract, and with the 
obligation upon the part of tho grantor to vestin the 
Government of the United States a good and suff- 
cient title. I ask you whether the law of the Gov- 
ernment of New Granada authorizes any forewu 
Power to obtain a title to any real estate within 
their territory? Certainly not. The right has been 
given, by treaty of 1846, to citizens of the United 
States, to acquire a title to real estate in that coun- 
try; but no such right has been given to the Gov- 
ernment of the United States. And I lay it down 
as a general principle of intemational law, that no 
country whatever can acquire title to real estate 
in any foreign nation, except by the consent of 
that Government expressly given. This doctrine 
does not admit of aigument. 
But it is said we have the right to dig coal on 
the lands of the Chiriqui Improvement Company, 
by paying a tax of one dilne per ton to the Gov- 
18 this privilege worth 
ornment of Chiriqui. 
$300,000? Is this great Government to be cn- 
gaged in the business of mining? If this coal be of 
good quality, and is found in abundance in the 
province of Chiriqui—if it be such coal as it is 
gress that thc tillie iiihited by this contract, within which 
! represented to be by those who have cxaminedit 
Congress should approve it and Inake the necessary appro- 
priations therei0r, should be extended to the end of the next II 
—let the owners of the grant work the mines 
session, it is now, in fulfillment thereof, agreed and indorsed 
themselves; and whatever coal maybe needed by 
ferred to now, is the one relied upon to show that 
on both parts of the originat contract, that such e.xtension 
shall take place, and the time is hereby extended accord- 
ingly. And it is further agreed, that the United States shall 
have the fuli benefit, for the purposes of this contract, of 
I any gt•ant or contract which the said Ambrose W. 'ithomp- 
son, or the said Chiriqui Improvement Company, has 0b- 
tained, or shall obt.ain, from the Government of Costa Rica, 
for a railroad between the Gulf of Golfito Dolce and the 
Chiriqui Lazoon, or any part o? the way between those 
places, or between any 01her points 011 the Atlantic and 
! Pacific. 
" AMBROSE W. THOMPSON, 
For himself and the Chiriqui Improvement Company. 
'(ISAAC TOUCEY, 
Secretary of the Navy. 
no grant for a roadway across the Isthmus had 
In presence of CHARh,asyW. VVELC}I. 
been granted. Therefore, I say that this lotter of 
the Government for its vessels will be readily 
bought from them at the place where they find it. 
In addition to this, the commercial steam marine 
of the IJnited States, employed in navigating the 
Gulf of Mexico or the Caribbean Sea, would re- 
sort to that point for facl, if the coal was found to 
be of good quality and suited to the purpose of 
steamships. Iam unwilling, Mr. Chairman, that 
the Govei•nment of the United States should. en- 
gage in the mining business in a foreign cöuntry. 
I am unwilling that'it'ßhould own real estate in a 
province of the Government of New Granada. 
We desire peacc and quiet with all nations, and 
august 4, 1860. 
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman has not read This grant for a railroad is entirely the particularly with the Spanish American States. 
his document well. The sixth objection of the jurisdiction of Costa Rica. Its southern terminus 
mails, and by travelers going to and from our 
is west of the line dividing the Governments of 
possessions on the Pacific, lies within the juris- 
Attorney General was stated, as follows: 
New Granada and Costa Rica. Its northern ter- li diction of the Government of New Granada; and 
No copy of the constitution was produced, nor any 
other authority shown to the provincial fegisiature of minus shall be on that dividing line. This road is 
thus far, with one exception, everything has been 
Eiqui, either to authorize a denounceinen-t of the one which will not have its terminus at the Chi- i 
peaceful and quiet. I desire, therefore, that noth- 
rights, to concede the land, or grant the privilege of a road- 
in order to render this grant of Costa Rica I shall be done by the Government which could 
way across the Isthmus." 
in the least disturb the friendly relations that 
And he concludes his answer by saying— 
valid, the parties were required to deposit the sum 
It must. also be remembered that this grant of' a road- 
of $100,000 with that Government within six 
does not include any right to make a railroad. • ' 
months after the date of the contract. That con- 
I was considering the rights which the Chiriqui 
tract is dated the 24th of July, 1860; and there is 
Improvement Cornpany have under the grant of 
I have shown that it il no evidence here that that has been yet 
the province of Chiriqui. 
If it has not been, then that neglect 
is only for the improvement of an old road, for deposited' 
works a forfeiture of that grant. 
the improvement of an old highway; and we also 
But there is another forfeiture. The terms of 
have the opinions of the Attorneys Genel'al of the 
II the grant arc: 
two nations that it is no grant ofa railway to A. 
Awr. 14. The grantees shall not nt. any time be per- 
W. Thompson by the province• of Chiriqui. 
mitted to disembark or transport, nor consent to the trans- 
NQW, do you obtain the right to transport sea- portation or disembarkation, at anytime whatsoever, across 
men, troops, and munitions of war across this the railroad, or troops, auns, munitions of war belonging 
to any foycign Government, or to individuals or private so- 
waDon road? I say you do not. The ordinance 
cieties, Icon) panies.l 
making the grant itself provides that no forei«yn , 
troops or implements of war shall pass over the 
The infraction of this article by the grantees, their 
road without the permission of the general Gov- agents, or those charged with the direction and adlninistra- 
exist between the two Governments. 
No meant has been made by the Government of 
New dranada to the Government of the United 
States by which we can hold any rights whatever 
within the province of Chiriqui, or in any other 
portion of New Granada. I am unwilling, I re- 
peat, that the Government of the United w States 
should engage in the business of mining. With 
just as much propriety might some person sell to 
the Secretary of the Navy a valuable farm adapted 
for the culture of wheat, for the purpose of rais- 
ing the wheat out of which shall be made the 
bread for the support of the seamen and marincs. 
The Government of the United States did, many 
years ago, hold an interest in mining lands in 
the western country. They did carry on a part- 
