674 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 31, 
nership in the-business of mining, and found it 
very unprofitable.- Suppose the Government -paid 
$300,000 for this grant—for this privilege of dio- 
ging coal and paying a dime tax to the Chiriqui 
Government: consider what expenses must be in- 
curred. must erect buildings for our super- 
intendent and employés; we must build piers and 
wharves; we must put up shelters for the protec- 
tion of the coal. These men must be employed 
at the expense of the Government of the United 
States the entire year, while their labor will bc 
required only for a portion of the year. 
L gay, then, that if these mines are valü*ble, the 
grantees themselves may go and work them, and 
have the coal ready for vessels of the Navy of the 
United States, and the Government will be ready 
I am for economy. 
to buy, it. 
I do not believe in the propriety of this expend- 
iture of money, or in this attempt to establish a 
colony or dependency of the Governmen„t of the 
Unitcd States in the province of Chiriqui. 
it is it•nproper for the Government to pursue 
that coarse.. it is II')at f am opposed to the 
ratification of this contract, and have been op- 
posed to it from t.l'ie time I understood its nature 
If these men have a Trant for a 
and its terms. 
roadway, let then) improve, it. Tl'hey have a grant 
for a roadway under the New Granadian• Gov- 
et•nmcnt, but not for a railroad. They have a 
grant for a railroad from the Costa Rica Govefn- 
rnent; but, by the very terms of the contract, the 
fact of transferring the right to the Government 
of the United States works a forfeiture of the 
grant. In attempting to transfer their privilegcs 
to this Government they violate the terms of the 
contract, and work a forfeiture of it. The Gov- 
et•ntnent wil:, therefore, obtain no rights under it; 
and the money which it may pay fbr the privi- 
leges will be thrown away. 
I have submitted these views, Mr. Chairman, 
being my reasons, in part, for opposing this 
I might offer 
mnendment of the Senate. 
remarks on the subject; but it sperns to rue that 
if the. positions which I have taken, and which 
are fortified by the testimony I have cited, arc 
correct, then this Goverl'lment, if it should pay 
for the grunt, will have really purchased 
nothing. 
Mr. CORWIN. The gentleman from Massa- 
chusetts [Mr. obtained thc floor last even- 
ine, I believe, on the special order of the day. 
For many reasons, it is very desirable that he, 
should have the opportunity of addressing tl'ie 
House- lb-day. therefore hope the, conuniltcc 
will iiudu!ge me in making a motion that the c.on'k- 
rnU-tec shall now rise, and that the House shall 
proceed to thc consideration of that special order. 
After the gentleman shall have made his speech, 
the House car) aerain regolvc itself into the Corn- 
mittee of the on the state of the 
and resume the consideration of the deficiency 
M t". SHERMAN. I have certainly no objec- 
tion to the motion that the committee rise, if it bc 
understood that, after the gentlernatn from Mas- 
sachusctts shall have concluded his speech, the 
I-louse will again go into the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of tho Union, and dispose of 
It is very impcn•tant, indeed, 
the deficiency bill. 
that the bill sh01.tld bc disposed of to-day. 
VALLANDIGI-IAM. 1 desire to ask my 
colleague [Mr. CQRWLN] at what tune he proposes 
to dctnand the previous question on this special 
Mr. CORWIN. Not until some day next 
week. 
SICKLES. The gentleman from Ohio 
yields to mc for the purpose of making a motion 
that the committee rise, so that I may have the 
floor when the committ.ee. shall resume thc con- 
side-ration of the deficiency bill. 
I therefore sub- 
mit that motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
of the special order, being the report of the com- 
mittee of thirty-three on the state of the Union; 
on which Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, was 
entitled to the floor. 
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, addressed the 
[His specch will be 
House for over an hour. 
published in the Appendix.] 
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit the motion 
that the special order be postponed, and that the 
House resolve itself into the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 rise t8apoint0forder. 
According to the Journal of the House, was en- 
titled to the floor last evening when the House ad- 
journed. My great respect for the gentleman from 
Massachusetts, [Mr. ADAMS,] who desired to 
speak this morninm, induced me to give way to 
him to speak first, but with the understanding that 
I should have the floor at the conciusion of his 
I was on the floor at the conclusion of 
speech. 
his hour, and addressed thc Chair first. 
I do not 
understand how it is that acomnfttce should rise 
for the purpose of letting one genticman speak, 
and then go into committee again for the purpose 
of preventing another gentleman from speakino• 
who is entitléd to the floor. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that 
the comrnittce rosc for the purpose of hearing one 
address, with the fiduciary understanding that the 
House should agtiin go into committee. That 
being so, the Chair feels bound. to carry out the 
faith of the House. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire further to say, that 
nothing was further from Iny intention than to 
did not know 
cut off my friend from Illinois. 
that he had the floor; but on the appeal of my 
colleague, [Mr. CORWIN,] I, as a mattcr of' course, 
yielded it. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair carry out 
the faith of the House 
I'vlr. FARNSWORTH. If that bc the case, of 
course I sabnüt 
' l" he quest.ion was taken on the motion of Mr. 
SHERMAN ; and it was ao•rccd to. 
So the rules were suspended; and tbc House 
resol ved itself into the Connnittee of the "Whole 
on the state of the Union, (Mr. BURNETT in t.he 
and resumed the consideration of the 
DEFICIENCY DILL. 
The pending question being on the amendment 
offered by N'.tr. N'i0RsE to the amendment of the 
Senate relative to the Chiriqui grant; upon which 
Mr. SICKLES was entitled to the floor, 
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Chairman, 
I desire t.o 
follow the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. PIIELPS] 
in reply to his legal argument; and it will be im- 
possible to do so, unless order can be restored. 
[After somc minutes' delay, in W.hich the Chair- 
man succeeded in part in restoring order in the 
Hall, Mr. SICKLES proceeded.] 
Mr. Chaimnan, I hope I sl'kall not. be misunder- 
stood ill deferring my remarks until order was 
restored; for although i do not presume to com- 
nmud the attention of all gentlemen, it is only 
reasonable to ask for that deco •urn which will en- 
able those who tu•e intereste the discussion, to 
hear my aro•umcnt. 
cntleman from Mis- E 
I propose to follow th 
souri somewhat closely in the line of' argument 
that he pursued, and to present some considera- 
tions to the committee which I think wili furnish 
an answer to his objections. The gentleman from I 
Missouri set out with an expression of surprise 
at the amendment offered by the chairman of the 
Committee on Naval Affairs. For myself, I can 
see no reason for that surprise, unless it be in the 
fact that that amendment disposed of nearly all 
the arguments so elaborately presented by the 
gentleman from Missouri against this appropri- 
ation. Mr. Chairman, it is important, in looking 
at a measure of this to understand the 
advantages which are to be gained, and to look 
somewhat into lhe history of thc scheme. 
So the cornmittee rosc; and the Speaker havincr 
roed the chair, Mr. BURNETT reported that the I i We know that it has been a leading idea in 
the policy of thig country for the last ten years 
Cotil rnittee of the Whole on the state of the Union 
to obtain better facilities of communication with 
had had uncler consideration the special order, 
beiljg the Sena.tc amendments to a bill (H. R. No. our Pacific possessions. We know it. has been a l. 
with the sanction and aid of their Governments, 
to obtain from the States of Central America 
the control of commerce and travel across the 
Isthmus which separates the Atlantic and Pacific 
ocean. So far, they have failed; and the failure 
is attributable to the vigilance and address with 
which the Government of the United States, 
th rough the administrations of Mr. Fillmore, Mr. 
Pierce, and' Mr. Buchanan, and most especial-lv 
the latter, have •uarded thie conspicuous and ilia 
estimable nationar interest. 
The only route now open for t.rade and travel 
across the f•sthmus: is the Panama railroad, and 
the great questions now presented to this House 
are,. whether that powerful corporation shall have 
the entire monopoly of the railroad transit across 
the Isthmus, and whether by the relinquishmentof 
the qpportunity now in our grasp, of acquiring an 
auxiliary route, we will enable England or France, 
to supersede us, and gain that which all 
or both, 
the intrigues and resources o}' their diplomacy f 
employed for so many years, have failed to obtain 
for (hem. 
The omcial papers wl'iich have been laid on our 
tables, if reliable, provc incoi)trovertibly that the 
privileges granted by New Granada and Costa 
Rica to the Chiriqui Improvement Company, and 
to Mr. Ambrose W. Thompson, are of vast im- 
portance to this country. If the coal is there as 
its value is almost beyond computa- 
represen ted , 
tion. If the harbors are there as represented, 
they are the best in that quarter of the world. T be 
railroad' privilege, if it exists, is of primary im- 
portance to our commerce. 
I shall not detain the House by reading pas- 
sages, which I might do without number, from 
the message of the President of the United States, 
communicated at this session, givin& us the high- 
est official evidence which it is possible to have 
before us, that the representations upon which 
this conditi01ial contract •w•as made have been 
nnorc than justified by the offcial survey we di- 
rectod to bc made at the close of the last session. 
'Ilhe commander of the expedition, Captain Engle T 
reports, in general terms, that all of the, objects 
of the expedition xvvcre fulfilled; that they found 
the harbors to spacious, convenient, and safe; 
that they found the coal deposits accessible and 
inexhaustible; and that thcy found a practicable 
route for a railroad. And this report is fortified 
in detail by the offcers in charge of the particular 
'I'he topographical 
brat')ches of the expedition. 
survey, and the geological survey especially, fur- 
nish abundant evidence confirming all tl'le repre- 
sen tations which the Government relied upon. 
Now, to pass to another point, let us glance at 
the history of this measure, because really it 
would seem to a stranger listening to our debates, 
from the address of the gentleman from Missouri, 
that this was a new proposition presented to the 
House of Representatives; that it svas a new pro- 
ject just about to be initiated, without exaniina- 
tion as to title, and without investigation as to the 
value of the privileges to be acquired. And yet, 
I will show that no legislative measure, to which 
the sanction of [his committee could be asked, 
has ever received more thorough investigation, or 
has stood severer tests of examination, than this 
measure against which the Committee of Ways 
and Means have now made their report. Durino• 
the past veat• it received the careful considera- 
tion of the Conmoittc•e on Naval Affairs, who 
In the last session, you 
reported in its favor. 
had in the coördinate branch of Congress a large 
majority in favor of the measure, arid you bad in 
this House a vote which, if it n)eant anything, 
meant this: that this I-louse, aft.et• considering the 
subject with all the information that could then 
be obtained, had determined that the contract 
ought to be confirmed; provided that the result of 
the cxamination upon the spot, conducted by per- 
sons in the service of the Government, should 
confirm the representations made by the parties. 
Sir, I ask if that examination has not estab- 
lished the truth of all those representations? Who 
will assert that the report of t hc commission is 
not clear, full, and conclusive? I am entitled to 
assume that this House has, by a decided vote, 
866j•to supply deficiencies in the appropriations prominent feature in the policy of England and given its sanction to the appropriation upon the 
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1861, and had France to supplant us in the competition for these sole condition that the results of the exoedi.tion 
advantages. Loth of these countries have endeav- which we authorized, should prove satisfactory. 
come to no conclusion thereon. 
ored, by negotiations, conventions, and treaties, They are satisfactory; and insist that good faiih 
STATE OF TIIE UNION. 
as well as by means of grants made to individ- 
upon the part of this Government requires that, 
The Honse then procceded to the eonsidcration uals, ostensibly acting for themselves, but teally i after these parties have piaeed these privileges at 
