1861, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
675 
the service of their own Government, and have cifrc side, must perceive at once that the saving chairman of this 'committee call 'the •House tor 
suspended all proceedings so long, awaiting t effect.ed in this single item would*have then justified order several- times, and •yet -the confusion -has 
our action, we should confirm the contract, and the Secretary of the Navy in stipulating for twice i continued. If it be not stopped, I hope lie will 
make the appropriation. I might rest the argu- the amount to be appropriated. Resides this, we call gentlemen by name. 
ment here, upon the obligation of our good faith secured two excellent and convenient stations for! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must *leaveåt 
already pledged; but, sir, I do not propose to stop repairing and refitting our ships-of-war—one on to each gentleman 's sense of propriety. Ail' wilt 
admit that it becomes the dignity of our delibera- 
, the Atlantic and the other on the Pacific side. 
here. I shall proceed to show that no valid ob- 
jection to the measure has been advanced by the Undoubtedly, the Government did anticipate •t tions that there should be order and decorum in- 
Committee of Ways and Means; and I am con- Ij another and contingent advantage to be secured II the body. 
to the people of this country, and especially to its Mr. SICKLES. I will proceed with my re- 
fident, with all deference to the ability of gentle- 
men upon the other side, that. no good reason can commerce, by means of this arrano•ement. The marks. Iwas directing my attentiori to-the point 
Government contemplated, no doubt, that, under 
be assigned against the appropriation. 
I should not omit to allude, with reference to 
the legislative indorsement of this measure, to 
what has already transpired in another place. 
The chairman of the Committ.ee on Finance, [Mr. 
HUNTER,] with the approval of the committee, 
moved the adoption of the amendment which 
embraces this proposition. 
It was adopted by 
an overwhelmino• vote; and among the names 
recorded in the affirmative, gentlemen will find 
some of the most acute critics of our legislative 
proceedings; men before whom you cannot pass 
a bad title, and whose sanction is never obtained 
to an appropriation thatis cxtravagan t, unguarded , 
or unnecessary. The measure comes down to this 
House, therefore, commended not only bv the 
coördinate branch of Congress, but by the action 
of this House itself on a former occasion. 
In opposit.ion to this array of legislative author- 
ity, in opposition to this accumulation of proof 
of the value of the large. privileges to be secured 
to the Government, we have only and sokely the 
disapproval of the Committee of 'Ways and Means. 
I accord, sir, to their recommer)dations uniformly 
the highest respect—all the defcrcncc which the 
opinions of the leading committee of the House 
deserve. Yet, I venture to say that, in this in- 
stance, their dissent, without any reasons ren- 
dered, is deprived of its usual importance by the 
weight of authority which is so overwhelmincy 
against the conclusion to which they have arrived. 
Mr. Chairman, it will faciiitate the elucidation 
of the merits of this question it' we look, svith 
some method and precision, at the provisions of 
these several grants as they are presented to us 
upon the record. First, there is a o•rant from 
Chiriqui and New Granada; it may be found set 
out upon page 62 of the documents accompany- 
ing the message of the President of the United 
States on this subject; it is authenticated by the 
New Granadian legation in this country. Ac- 
cording to General Herron, the minister accred- 
ited to us from New Granada, the grant to Mr. 
the grant of New Granada, a railroad could and 
'.vould be constructed, and thus we would aid, 
incidentally, in providing an additional transit 
route. The importance of securinø an additional 
transit route, I hope, will be fully shown before 
this discussion is closed, by some gentleman who 
is cornpetent to give tl'le House the facts with ref- 
erence to the enormous charges made by the Pan- 
ama Railroad Company. assert, without risk 
of contradiction, that the charges freights and 
passenøers made by the Panama Railroad Com- 
pan y, which now monopolizes the trade and travel 
across the Ist.htnus, exceed the charges for simi- 
lar services imposed by any corporation in the 
world. 
'The power and position of this gigantic corpor- 
ation give it absolute control of the trade and travel 
which passes across the Isthmus. It charges nine 
dollars freight for every ton of coal which this 
Government sends to Panarna for its squadron in 
the Pacific. Nine dollars a ton for the transport.- 
r i' wenty- 
ation of a ton of coal forty-seven miles . 
I five dollars for c very passenger that rides forty- 
seven miles on that road—a charge that has no 
parallel upon any other railroad in the world ! 
made by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. 
PHELPS, that the original grants from New Gra- 
nada an Chiriqui did not include the privilege of 
a railway across the Isthmus. It would be un- 
I necessary for me to go into this branch of -the 
i argument at all, except for an objection unjustly 
I urged against the subsequent railway grant from 
Costa Rica, obtained in July last. 
'l The contract with Costa Rica, it is-admitted, 
provides for a railway; but the point has been 
suggested that, because the Bum of $100,000 was 
to IJC paid to Costa Rica before its concession 
becomes absolute, thcrcforc it is not safe to rely 
upon this. Before I conclude, I will prove that 
under both grants a railway transit is given. 
to prove that railway privilege is 
Now, sir, 
by the original grant from New Granada, 
I refer to the very authority which was read by 
the geritlernan frmn Missouri, the Attorney Gen- 
eral of the United States. In his opinion of May 
11, 1859, he says: 
ATTORNEY GENERAL'S OFFICE, May 11, 18.59. 
SIR : (.)n t,hc 14th of March last, I addressed to you a 
commun ication concerning the ti tle which the Chiriqui frn- 
provelncnt Company had to the property in New Granada 
which they proposed to sell to the United States Govern- 
Inent. It was then my opinion that they had not shown a 
And that charge docs not include the very heavy right to convey the property, for the following reasons. 
exaction of ten cents a pound for all baggage The Attorney General then goes on to enumer- 
fifty pounds. The rate for oxpress freight is $1 80 
ate several reasons, none of which are material 
per cubic foot, which, except the articles are 
to this argument except the sixth, which is as 
costly, exceeds the value of ordinary freights. follows: 
There are many articles of commerce not worth 
Sixth. No copy of the constitution wag produced, nor 
#1 80 per cubic foot. The rates demanded by this any other autå•rorif.y shown, to the provinciai legislature of 
( }hiriqui, eit.hcr to authorize a of the mining 
company would unount, under ordinary circum- 
Tights, to concede the land, 0T grant the privilege of a road- 
stances, almost to a prohibition; but no burden 
Upon a 
way across the Isthmus." 
seems too heavy for the trade of California, and 
in thc light of new evidence, 
of this titl c, 
no prices too extravagant for Californians to pay. 
MPhieh aceosupanics your last letter, .1 think that the first 
I am too familiar with the loud complaints against i six ob.iections, förnlerly existing, may now be considered as 
disposed of." 
the excessive tariff of the Panama Railroad Com- 
pany, which so often hear in New York from Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Does the 
railway 
oentieman read that as 
i merchants and from travelers between the Atlantic. b 
and the Pacific States—I am too familiar with the Mr. SIC.fKLES. I beg pardon. The term em- 
solicitude which this Government has shown {br p\oyed is roadway;" and I intend to show that 
Thompson was for the improvement of the old the last ten years in its diplomacy with reference the term roadway, as understood by the at- 
torney general of Chiriqui, is used in its broadest 
provincial road from David to the Chiriqui La- to our communications across thc Isthmus—to be 
, includes a railroad. 
insensible to the importance of taking advantage 
sense 
goon; and the secor)d, or Morell grant, was for 
"I'herefore, in this very communication, the 
certain coal lands, subsequently transferred to a I of this occasion to secure a cheap, safi2, 
heal thy, 
Attorney General of the Unite(l Stales refutes the 
company denominated the Chiriqui Improvement , i and convenient route to the Pacific. 
obiect.ion made by the gentleman from Missouri. 
Company. Those were the gral')t.s upon which But the gentleman frorn Missouri insists that 
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman from New 
the Navy Department made its conditional con- I i the grant from New Granada does not confer a 
tract. Those wcn•e the grants upon which the railway privilege. I will meet him there. think York read the last sentence of that opinion in 
In support of my position, I cite first connection with the remarks he is now making? 
votes of Con2t•ess, up to the end of the last ses- it does 
sion, were predicated. There was subsequently the opinion of the Attorney General of the United Mr. SICKLES. I will read it in connection with 
the opinion of the attorney general of Chiriqui. 
—Ju!v 24, 1860—a contract cntered into between i States which the gentlernan from Missouri himself 
.1Vh•. PHELPS. would like to it appear 
Costa Rica and Mr. Thompson, through his agent, cited in support of his assertion. 
this was made subsequent to thei Mr. BURCH. It is very important that the in this connection. 
Mr. Meagher; 
Mr. SICKLES. I proceed to show that the 
authority given by this Congress to send out the I argumentofthe gentleman from York should 
be heard by the House, and such is the confusion highest law officer of the Government which made 
surveying expedition, and, of course, long sub- 
the grant, understands "roadway" to include a 
scqueut to the conditional contract made with the in the Hall that, although I sit within twenty-five 
railroad', that is sumcient for us and all persons 
feet of him, I have not heard more than half he 
Secretary of the Navy. 
intcrested. 
has said. 
I'vlr. PHELPS. No; you are wrong there. 
The opinion of the attorney general of Chiriqui 
Mr. SICKLES. The from Missouri The CHAIRMAN. The Chair again appeals 
to members to preserve order. I-le is in an elk')bar- is written •more rhetorically than is fashionable 
thinks I am mistaken. refer him to the docurnent 
on his table. The concession of railroad privileges rassingposition, not having the power ofa Speak- in the law opinions of this country; but it prob- 
from Costa Rica was made on the 24th of July, er to enforce his orders. 
ably accords with the style and taste of his peo- 
I read from the opinion of the attorney gen- 
Mr. VALLA NDIGHAM. It is very evident pie. 
186(), (page 70;) and the grants to Thompson aud 
• eral of the province of Chiriqui, delivered to the 
that questions of practical legislation have no in 
to Morell, made by the New Granadian Govern- 
Inent, were made on the 20th February, 1854. This terest for the House at this time; and I hope, judges of the supreme court of Chiriqui, dated 
Governmel)t proposed to acquire, by the payment therefore, the gentleman from New York will February 26' 1854, as I fil'ld it on page 6 of the 
of $300,000 under the contract made by the Secre- yield to me to move that the House take a recess. pamphlet I hold in my hand. I do not propose 
The CHAIRMAN. Undcr the order of the LO read the whole, but only that portion which is 
tary of the Navy, certain valuable privileges cov- 
pertinent to the point I am ll)aking. He says: 
House a recess will be taken at fbur o'clock, p. 
ered by the original grant made by New Granada. 
I will further explain that. by the ordinance of the 20th 
'The Secretary of the Navy, in August last, by a m. , to seven o'clock, p. m. 
February, 1854, copy of which inelose, an exciusive priv- 
Mr. VALLANDIC*I-IAM The night session 
further and supplemental contract, gained for the 
ilege for sixty years is granted to Arnbrose W. Thompson, 
Government the right to use the milroad to be is for general debate on the special order in the to IMPROVE in a solid manner, fit for the easy transit of 
wheeled vehicles, and to maintain in good condition, the 
constructed under the special grant from Costa I-louse. 
provincial road which starts froin this town and terminates 
The CHAIRMAN. That is true. 
Rica. The great object to be secured by the orz 
in the Lagoon of Chiriqui on the shores of the Atlantic." 
ginal COntract was a constant, convenient, and Mr. VALLANDIGHANI. if there be no dis- 
cheap supply of' coal for. the home squadron. posiLion in members to discharge the duties off He then proceeds, on page 7, to say: 
There is no law existing, nor is it possible för one to 
ordinary logislation, then we ought to rise novv'. 
'_i_'hnt was Ibe principal object of the Government; 
Mr. S! CICLES. I will yield to the pleasure exist this COUHtt)', forbid(iillkr the provinces to repair and 
and every rnan who knows anvthing of the ex- 
improve their in such n•.anner as 
they tnav think proper. On the contrary, one of the first 
penses Incurred by this Governtnellt in coaling of the House. 
i have •heard the duties of the Government is to eneourage their peri'eetion 
our flect in the Caribbean Sea and upon the Pa- i i Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri 
