678' 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 31, 
Early in the history of this territorial system 
the question of slavery became one of some inter- 
est. Yielding, however, to the natural laws des- 
tined, to a great extent, to govern the question of 
slavery in this country at all times—that is, the 
laws of climate, of soil, and of production—almost ! 
by common consent this institution was first dis- 
couraged, and its extension into the northwest- 
ern Territories prohibited ; •but it was encouraged 
and protected in its extension into the Territories 
on the southwest. Thus, in a friendly and fra- 
ternal spirit, means were provided by which both 
systems of labår in use under our Government 
had a natural outlet. At that time, therefore, 
nothing more seemed to be demanded on either 
side. 'i'hus the policy ofdividing the common Ter- 
ritories of the United States between the two BYS- 
teme of labor, seemed, though informally, to be 
tacitly acknowledged. 
When Missouri applied for admission , lying as 
Bhe does on both sides of what was regarded as 
the natural boundary between the free and the slave 
States, though, in my judgment, clearly entitled 
to unconditional admission as a slave State, by 
•e terms of the Louisiana purchase, a determined 
and even furious opposition was made to her 
admission, because of her toleration of slavery. 
Then, for the first time, was the question of sla- 
very in the Territories presented in that angry and 
excited form which has since given us so much 
trouble and anxiety. 
After much angry feeling and discussion on both 
sides, as a preliminary measure, it was enacted 
by Congress, that, north of a certain line since 
V 
known as the Missouri compromise line, slavery 
or involuntary servitude shot.dd thereafter be pro- 
hibited. With this, much of the opposition to 
the application of Missouri v,'as withdrawn, and 
provisions were made by which she was admitted 
as one of the States of this Confederacy. These 
measures were acquiesced in; and thus again was 
the slavery question disposed of, by acting upon 
the idea of a division of territory bctween those 
who desired to tolerate and those who desired to 
prohibit slavery. 
As one result of the Mexican war, we acquired 
very large new district of country. As prelim- 
inary to this acquisition, it was proposed in Con- 
gress to forever exclude slavery from all territory 
to be thus acquired. If I read the history of the 
country correctly, this is the first time a proposi- 
tion was ever seriously urged to exclude slave- 
holders from all the 'I'erritories of the United 
States. Those who now contend that such a DOI- 
icy is in accordance with the practices of •the 
fahers of the Republic, certainly do not read his- 
tory impartially. That many of then-I entcrtained 
anti-slavevy views, I readily grant; but they never 
•.vcnt so fur as to attempt, either by constitutional 
provision or enactment, to exclude 
slavery from all common Territories. As before 
remarked, theirs was rather a policy of division, 
and not of total prohibitiqp or cxclusion. 
The proposition thus tb exclude slavery from 
the proposed newly-acquired territory failed. 
After its acquisition, a proposition was brought I 
forward to extend the Missouri line through this I 
territory to the Pacific ocean. That also failed. 
In 1850, as a part of the compromise measures of 
that year, and us one of the necessities of the 
times, a new policy in relation to slavery in the 
Territories was inaugurated. It. was prov.ided that 
the people interested should determine whether 
Bearing upon. this question of popular sover- 
eignty, as it is termed, m opposition to the theory 
of congresSional sovereignty and of congressional 
intervention, the decision of the Supreme Court 
of the United States, in the Dred Scott case, has 
played an important part. Whatever differences 
of opinion may prevail, either among my polik 
ical friends or my political opponents, in' relation 
to this decision, it is frankness to say 
that I '*vas not taken by surprise by it; and that, 
from the first, I very cheerfully acquiesced in it. 
In the first place, felt it my duty, as a good citi- 
zen, to yield obedience to the tribunal which pro- 
nounced this decision. In• the next place, the 
reasons assigned by a majority of the judges who 
concurred in it, were, to me, satisfactory as to the 
conclusions to which the court arrived. I have 
not time to review that decision now; but I will 
remark, in passing, that if it be conceded that the 
right of the master in the services of his slave 
be, under any State law, a vested property right, 
then, none but a sovereign power can divest this 
follows, therefore, that to enable any 
right. 
legislative body to do this, the power must be 
conferred by some grant of the Constitution under 
which it is held. It' no such grant has been given, 
then the power does not exist in the Legislature. 
This principle has been recognized, thöugh in a 
different sort of case, by the supreme court of my 
I refer to the case of Beebe cs. the 
own State. 
State, (6 Indiana Reports, p. 501.) How far the 
Territorial Legislature may, under its police and 
regulating powers, or discourtwe any 
particular class of property without an unwar- 
ranted infringement of vested rights, I wilt not 
now stop to inquire. This I regard as still an 
unsettled question. 
Practically, sir, I do not regard the points in- 
volved in this decision of as much importance to 
any scction as many seem to have done. After 
all that may be said and done, majority of the 
people in cach distinct and sovereign political com- 
munity ultimately settle for themselves the kind 
of' domestic institutions under which they will 
live. But as a constitutional question, and as an 
it progresses. The great question of the time is: 
can anything be done to arrest the revolution 
now upon us? I believe, sir, that even yet it is 
in the power of the present Congress to initiate 
such measures as will arrest the movement in all 
the States yet in the Union, and such as will, 
sooner or later, induce the return of those which 
have seceded. To do this, I regard it as para- 
mount, however, that the public peace Shail be 
preserved. Everything consistent with honor and 
patriotism should be done to prevent the shedding 
of fraternal blood. To this high consideration all 
minor questions, at least for the present, in my 
judgment, ought to remain subordinate. It is the 
duty of the Chief Executive. of the nation to take 
care that the laws be faithftilly executed; and to 
this end it is clearly his duty to use all proper and 
reasonable efforts to enforce the laws and to pro- 
tect the property belonging to the United States. 
The extent to which he shall use the physical 
force of the Government for tl)e.se purposes, how- 
ever, I regard as dependent upon the peculiar cir- 
cumstances which shall attend each particular case 
as it may arise. Each case of resistance calls for 
the exercise of a sound discretion on the part of 
the President or of Congress. As a general rule, 
as against cases of the attempted nullification of 
any particular statute, or as against mere rnasses 
of individuals, a mob, or an armed resistance in 
any given case, I am for a vifforous enforcclnent of 
the laws, so long as the Government has the power. 
The presentcondition of things, however, presents 
all these questions in an entire new aspect to the 
American people. Nothing has ever occurred 
which affords a fair precedent for the emergency 
now upon us. Iiisnotacase of nullification, mere- 
ly, as in 1832; nor is it a case of ordinary armed 
resistance to any particular law-. We have now 
six States, confessedly sovereicrn in many things, 
claiming to have absolved themselves from au 
political allegiance to the Federal Government, 
and to be now. sovereign and independent in ali 
things. They have gone even further, and have 
organized governments defacto, independently of 
the other States. They are also the act of 
exposition of the law of the casc in t.his territorial orøaniz.ing a new confederation of States, which 
other States may possibly soon join. 
question, I have, frorn the first, acceptcd this de- 
I thil'll< it is Macauley who l')as said, When 
cisi01), and havc only to regret that the country, 
king or ruler confounds the deliberate revolution- 
generally, has not been willing to do so also. I 
would much prefer, even nowr, as a common pla.t- ary uprising of a people with the irregular out- 
form upon which all might stand, the conservative break of an irresponsible mob, he commits a fatal 
rrhere can be no question as to the 
doctrines contained in it. Other theories, how- II mistake." 
wisdom of this suggestion. 
In these seceding 
ever, prevailed in the contest through which we 
havc just passed. Though, by a minority vote, I Statcs, all the officers necessary to the ordinary 
execution of the Fedei•ai laws have resigned. So 
yet under the forms of the Constitution, a Pres- 
Ident has been elected on a platform denying to far as the ordinary Ineaus go, sir, the executive 
and judicial branches of this Government are in 
slaveholders any participation as such in the colu- 
unon Territories, and insisting upon the power I a state of entirc suspension in those States. It is 
and duty of Congress to exclude slavery from all true, that these offices might be filled by persons 
those Territories. This is in direct conflict with appointed from other States, and the omcers thus 
the decision to which have referred, upon any appointed might repair to their posts of duty, 
I supported by the Federal guns; but, in the pres- 
construction placed upon it, and, in my opinion, 
offensively unjust to the people of the southern ent temper of the times, what good could come 
"i'here is no denying the fact that this from such a proceeding? All must concede that 
States. 
result, whether well founded or not, has filled the war would be the result. Of a war thus inaugu- 
southern mind with fielings of the deepest appre- rated, the end is beyond mortal vision; but, as one 
result of it, all hope of a reunion, or a reconstruc- 
hcnsion, and has already produced a most dis- 
tion of the Government, would , in all human prob- 
astrous effect in many of the southern States. 
For myself, sir, I deeply regret thc course which ability, be entirely destroyed. In such a war, the 
several of the southern States have taken. As entire country would most surely become in- 
an abstract proposition, I do not concede the right voivod, sooner or later; and the waters of the 
of secession, in the sense in which it is claimed ocean would not suflicc to wash out the stains of 
I the blood which would be shed during such a 
I can but regard their 
by the seceding States. 
- II proceedings as revolutionary, and subversive of conflict. Many things have occurred which, upon 
they would have slavery, or not, without the in 
the impulse of the moment, citizens, loyal to the 
tervention of Congress; thusabandoningthcoldcr 
policy of division. This plan seemed to be so 
much in accordance with the genius of our Gov- 
ernment, and of such easy and universal applica- 
tion to a'll Territories, wherever situated, that it 
was embraced by both of the leading political par- I 
ties of the day. It but remained to repeal the act 
which established the Missouri line, to make this 
principle opplicable to ail then existing Territo- 
ries, and this was accordingly done in 1854. 
Notwithstanding the opposition which followed 
the repeal of the Missouri line, I, in common with 
thousands of other friends of that measure, never 
the Constitution; but it is of no usc now to arQ1c 
King George 
these abstract propositions. 
thought that our fathers had no right to secede 
from l)iln•, and technically, according to the theo- 
ries of his Government, they had not. But still, 
In spite of British bayonets they 
thev did it. 
claimed to be the exclusive. judges of the extent 
of their grievances, and of the mode of redress. 
Many of' tl-w. southern States are evidently intend- 
ing to act on the same theories. Their success 
is a question for the future to solve. 
When a revolution is successful, its heroes are 
voted patriots; when it fäils, its leaders are de- 
doubted that the principle on which it was done dounced as rebels. 
In this, as in all other haz- 
would be again sancti01'ied by the people. Such ards, success is everything. 
I believe to be the opinion of a majority of the The secedinsr States are already out of the 
American people to-day on tbe abstract question Union, so far as any action they can take can place 
Union, may feel inclined to resent; but, sir, shall 
we not pause before we strike, when it is our 
li brother who offends? 
In a matter upon which so much depends, the 
utmost cxcrcise of forbearance on all sides is im- 
perativety demande.d. If, however, in spite of all 
I patriotic efforts, a collision must ensue, let us do 
\ nothing to precipitate it. Let us first see who are 
to be our enemies; let us not commence an indis- 
criminate slaughter of friends and foes; let us first 
exhaust every effort at a peaceful settlement of 
the impending troubles. 
If, unfortunately, the 
time shall ever come when my allegiance "to the 
existing Federal Government, or to any in tegral 
i part of it, shall require me to take up arms in its 
! defense a•ainst the seceding States, or any 
a)one. But other questions have now overshad- 
them out. On their part, at least, secession and portion of the southern people, desire it to be 
owed this one; and it is with the exigencies of the disunion are accomplished facts. The secession understood in advance, that it will not be for the 
hour that the practical Inust deal. 
i ; movcn"lPi1t still on ward, and o•athers strenff,th as 
supremacy of the Chica«ro platform, or any other 
