1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
679 
mere political dogma, that I shall be found fight- 
ing. Higher and deeper and broader than this' 
must be the motive which shall induce me to draw 
the sword in a civil war. While-a portion of our 
citizens of impartial minds and undoubted patriot- 
ism incline to the opinion that the prompt and 
vigorous use of force would soonest restore har- 
mony, I must say of many of those who are now 
most desirous for the commencement of hostili- 
ties, that it will be the first war I ever knew them 
to bc in favor of. When our gallant Army, but 
a few years since, was struggling against a for- 
eign foe, in a foreign and hostile jurisdiction, these 
men were then decidedly for peace. For peace, 
sir, even to the extent of withholding the ordi- 
nary supplies for the support of that Army. What 
has produced this change? Can it be party pre- 
judice or sectional hatred? Truly, I hope It is 
If, in the end, an appeal •must be made 
neither. 
to the God of battles, will those who have so 
earnestly contended that there is an irrepressible 
conflict " impelling us on ward, who insist that 
there is some indefinable and hostile antagonism 
between the t'•.vo sections, and who have so often 
asserted that before we can have peace, the power 
of the South must bc broken in this Confederacy, 
step forward as volunteers in this war? Will they 
say to those who have always 
counseled forbearance and peace: " Sirs, this con- 
flict is ours, and we will bear the brunt of it?" or 
will they not rather say that the- Government 
antees to be tendered? It is conceded by all of 
those who are willing to make concession, that 
additional amendments to the Constitution be pro- 
posed; and that whatever shall be finally agreed 
to shall be iocked up in the Constitution as a part 
of it, and thus placed beyond the contingencies of 
an ordinary presidential canvass. I believe now, 
that some such plan is, in every point of view, 
the most desirable, as it would be in practice the 
most efficient. The Constitution as It is is good 
enough for me personally, and I regret any sup- 
posed necessity for amending it; yet I cheerfully 
yield to what seem 10 be the emergencies of the 
hour. We want peace, we want a restoration of 
confidence, and we want increased stability to the 
Government. For these I am willing to concede 
everything which honor and patriotism will per- 
mit. 
All legislative and judicial compromises having 
failed to accomplish a withdrawal of this vexed 
question of slavery from the halls of Congress— 
which all conservative men have so much and so 
long desired—let us make one more, and, if need 
be, last effort to this end, by amending the Con- 
stitution. A portion of the proposeå amendments 
is objcctcd to by some because the word slave" 
I appreciate, sir, the mo- 
is contained in them. 
tives which induced the omission of t.hat word in 
the old Constitution; buta crisis has arisen in our 
Government which requires us to look this whole 
question fully and squarely in the face; when all 
needs their services in a civil capacity, and that mere speculative theories ought to be abandoned; 
when we ought to deal with it as becomes prac- 
the honest masses, who are in no way responsi- 
ble for the distressed condition of the country, tical men dealing with stubborn facts. As has 
must do the fighting? It was once jocosely, but been well said, elsewhere, why cavil about the 
truly said, I think by that mythical persona.•e, il name in the Constitution, when the thing itself is 
Major Jack Downing, that many of those who so I clearly contained within it? Many of our treaties 
with foreign nations, together with numerous acts 
vehemen tly proclaimed their readiness to shed their 
last drop of blood, are exceedingly careful about II of Congress, all constituting apartof the supreme 
losing the first drop. A little delay in the present 
emergency rnay suffce to verify the truth of the them. Why not, also, call things by their proper 
names in the Constitution itself, when, by failing 
assertion. 
Another very curious fact in this connection is, to do so, misconstructions and misunderstandings 
that very many of those now most belligerent to- II are the result? 
So far as the territorial branch of this contro- 
wards the seceding States have long• -Veen noted 
{Or their hostiiity to the admission of'any more versy is concerned, I would very much prefer, of 
slave States. Thus, it seems that a State I course, to adhere to and to act upon my own pe- 
If no others be 
cannot get into this Union, nor out of it, Without culiar theories in relation to it. 
adopted, I presume I shall still adhere to them, 
a fury of indignation and of epithcts from them. 
as, in principle, I regard them as the fairest and 
Why, sir, if they hate slavery half as badly as i; 
I would much prefer to see the common 
profess to, I should think they would be gla to best. 
get. rid of the States in which it exists on almost Territories of the United States occupied and cn- 
joyed in common by the people of all the States 
any terms. Can it be that it is only for power 
to govern the slave States that they have been upon terms of equality, and in the spirit of fra- 
ternal harmony; but, sir, so bitter and so determ- 
all the time struggiiw? 
But, sir, I will not pursue this branch of my ined has been the opposition of those who object 
remarks further. With the great mass of the to this plan of settlement from the first, that I now 
people of the State which I have the honor to despair of its being allowed to go into successful 
represent in part, next, after the preservation of operation with that promptness necessary to meet 
the rudest elements of liberty, is the maintenance i, the crisis. I hold in yself ready, therefore, to cm- 
of the American Union of States. Differincr as brace any proposition which carries with it the 
we may as to the manner of accomplishing this appearance of justice and equality, and 1 will en- 
deavor to accommodate myself to the view of 
result, I presume there. is little difference in agree- 
ing that to effect this all reasonable efforts ought others in matters of detail. So great, sir, is my 
w attachment to the present form of Government, 
to be persistently made. 
Whether the southern States are entitled to and so anxious I to preserve and perpetuate 
them or not, a large portion of their people feel 
its blessings, that if I canr10t save this Union upon 
In y own terms, then I will be willing to accept 
that they ought to have some additional guaran- 
tees. They assure us that, without them, they no any other terms which will be effectual, and not 
longer feel secure. Concede, for the sake of the in flagrant violation of the rights of those whom 
I have been as 
argument, that they are all in the wrong and need . I have the honor to represent. 
much a partisan in matters within the legiti mate 
no new guarantees; yet, let us, as generous men, 
line, the most. serious objections to-the old. Mis- 
souri line will be removed. 
It follows, therefore, sir, that I •am: inclined to 
favor the plan submitted by Mr. CRITTENDEN, in 
the Senate some time since, or something simi_lar 
to it, in preference to any other now pending be- 
fore Congress. First, I think it more feasible and 
complete- than any other; and second, I am dedto 
believe that it will be more effectual, and command 
more real strength all over the country, than any 
other. If I cannot get that, then I am willing to 
aid in supporting what may be next best. So far 
as the report of the committee of thirty-three, is 
concerned, there is much in it which I commend. 
It -seems to look in the right direction; but- as a 
whole, sir, I think it falls short of what the coun- 
try had a right to expect under existing circum- 
stances. There are but few of the propositions 
It is no 
contained within it that I can sustain. 
time for any mere temporizing policy. If we con- 
cede at all, why not cover the whole ground in 
controversy, and thus make final work of it; if 
possible, leave nothing more to mere inference Or 
construction in relation to slavery. 
It is objected by many of our Republican op- 
ponents to the plan of Mr. CRITTENDEN, or to any 
similar plan, that it runs counter to the Chicago 
platform. This, sir, to a certain extent, I frankly 
admit; but what of it? Is not the preservation of 
the peace and integrity of the country of greater 
moment than all parly platforms? Away with 
such consideralions in times like these. This 
plan affords common middle ground; why can- 
not all the Uniön men come together upon it? It 
is but a rctut•n to the old idea of dividing what it 
seems we cannot enjoy in commons in peace. 
This will still leave the new States to be formed 
on both sides of the proposed. line free to adopt 
whatever domestic institutions they choose when 
the proposition to absolutely exclude the 
sir, 
southern people, or rather the slaveholders, as 
such, from all participation in the common Ter- 
ritories of the United States, has always seemed 
to me so manifestly unjust, that I never could 
bring myself to believe that the great mass of the 
fair-minded men of the Republic,ån party have in- 
tended rigorously to insist on the ultimate enforce- 
ment of such a dogma. have ever regarded it 
more as a device to carry an clection with than 
In this view of it, it has already 
anything else. 
served its purpose. Whenever, therefore, any 
gentleman Insists upon a ricorous enforcement of 
this policy in the present temper of the country, 
and is unwillingtoconccde anything on this point, 
I cannot but regard him as a practical disuniomst. 
I Sir, if the southern people were a race of can- 
nibals, so longas we were in the Union with them, 
and living undera common Constitution, I would 
be willing to divide the common benefits and com- 
mon property with them fairly and equally. How 
much more strongly is this obligation Imposed 
when they are kindred, our friends and our breth- 
ren? Whenever I shali determine that I will not 
consent to recognize any claim on thc part.of the 
southern people, including, of course, the slave- 
holders, to any of the Territories, or other com- 
mon property of all the States, I will not then even 
claim to be a Union man. To those who stand 
in this category 1 ask, why not say at once to the 
people of the South, " Stand and deliver. This 
Government is ours; not yours ! " Why do you 
offer something which will afford to those who range of party politics, as, perhaps, any man cry Peace, peace, when there is no peace," and 
have left a decent pretext for their return to us. ought to be; but, sir, am willing to yield all II when none is intended? Why continually pro- 
claim that you are for the Constitution and the 
They only desire that we will put in writing, in mere party considerations, and all thoughts of 
some solemn and irrevocable form, that which we mere personal consistency, in at least. orle move I Union, when you are not willing to concede anv- 
thing to preserve them ? 
have so frequently assured them in our speeches earnest effort to do something to reunite the coun- 
If, sir, by the exercise ofa wise forbearance, a 
and at the hustings. They want the questions now try. 
I have been satisfied, ever since I have had an i ; resort to arms can be. avoided, and a peucefu\ and 
so important to them, since they have perma- 
honorable settlement of existing troubles can be 
neatly .become a minority section, placed beyond ; . opportunity of consultin«r with persons from the 
different sections of the (_)onfederacy, after the efföcted, nations will yet rise up to call us blessed. 
the contingencies of mere construction or infer- 
If, however, by any rash or reckless act of ours, 
ence, but so written that he who runs may read. opening of the present session of Congress, that 
this country shall be involved in a desolating civil 
Sir, I believe it to be. the interest of all sections sorne plan for a fair and equitable division of the 
that new guarantees be at once offered, and that Territories of the United States, as between the war, then the sooner the curtain of oblivion is 
thrown over the present exciting and terrible chap- 
some fair and honorable adjustment should be at sections, accompanied with suitable guarantees, . 
once made. I feel satisfied that the northern States II would command more strength, and, at the same ter in our history as a nation, the better for us in 
l: the eyes of postcritv. 
can offerto theSouth such additional guaranteesas time, be more efficient in the end, than any other 
I am proud to be-able to say that, so far as my 
plan. By this, I mean the establishment of a line 
, in the end, satisfy the great mass of its peo- 
something like the old Missouri line, north of own, my native State is concerned, she has been 
ple, without changing in the-least the form of our 
Government or the principles upon which it was which slavery shall be prohibited, and south of true to her constitutional obligations. nothing 
which it shall be recognized, and, if necessary, i vital can the southern people justly complain of 
founded. The great question of the day is, shall 
It is no use to deny the fact, however, that 
we try the experiment? Most unhesitatingly I protected. By making this constitutional by the her. 
requisite amendments,- and by specifically defin- 
towards some of the northern States the South 
has just cuuse of complaint. Let those offending 
answer, ves. 
The next question is, how are these. new guar- ing the rights of the parties on both sides of this 
