680 
States make the amende honorable, as Rhode Island 
has done; then let us tender some fair and hon- 
örable mode of 'adjustment of the whole contro- 
versy; and, if all overtures shall be rejected, then 
new questions will arise and new responsibilities 
intervene. I do not, however, fear such a result, 
and will not •discuss so remote a contingency. 
Suffbiént unto the day is the evil thereof." 
If, nevertheless, sir, after all peaceful means 
shall be exhausted, we find that a final and inex- 
orable separation must take place, I cånnot, in 
any view of the case which •I have been able to 
take, see what good can result- from a resort to 
arms. W ar, as between the different sections or 
the differéht States, would be, ipsofacto, dissolu- 
tioh. ' States at war are, necessarily, foreign to 
each other. While I would cling to the Union so 
long as there is a fragment of it left worth pre- 
Serving-, yet, if wc rnust part, in the name of hu- 
manity let us do so like. Christian and reasonable 
men. Let us say to those who will not remain 
with us, as Abraham said to Lot: 
Let therc be no strife, I pray thoc, between me and 
thee, and between my herdmen and thy herdmen, for we 
be brethren. 
G' Is not the whole land beforc thec? Separate thyself, 
I pray thee, from me : if thou wilt. take the left.hand, then 
I iVill go•to thå ri"ht•, or i? thou depart to the right hand, 
then I will go to tße left." 
Sir, the theme is too mournful a one, and I vy'ill 
not dwell-upon it. 
May He who cöntrols the destiny of nations 
rule all' things for the best. 
Mr. EDGERTON then addressed the House 
for an- hour on the state of tho Union. 
speech will be published in the Appendix.] 
HAMILTON obtained the floor, but 
yielded to 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, who moved that the 
House adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; and thercup0i) (at 
ten o'clock, p. m.) the I-lousc adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
FRIDAY, February 1, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal ofycsterday was read and approved. 
MEMORIAL, ETC. 
Mr. TEN EYCK presented the memorial of 
Pettibone & Boteler, praying to bc allowed the 
usual prices for binding the. extra Senate docu- 
ments of the Thirty-Fifth Congl•oss•, which was 
referred to the Committee on Printing. 
Mr. GREEN presented the proceedings of a 
meeting of surviving soldiers of the, war bf' 1812, 
held at Weston, Missouri, on the 8th of ,Tanuary, 
1861, accompanied by a petition of residents of 
Platte county, Missouri, praying that pensions 
may be granted to the Stit•vivors of that war, and 
to the widows of thosc who have died; which was 
referred to thc Oornmittce on Pensions. 
BILL INTRODUCED. 
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con- 
sent obtained, leave to iritroduce a bill (S. No. 
554) for the construction of seven screw sloops- 
oßwat• of the secol)d class; which wras read a first 
and second time by its title, and referrcd to the 
Committee on Naval Affairs. 
RESOLUTIONS or JERSEY. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 present the joint 
tions of the Legislature of the State of New Jer- 
sey " in relation to the union of the States." 
They are under the seal of the State, and I ask 
that they bc read. 
The Secretary read the resolutions, as follows: 
Joint Resolutions on the state of the Union, passed by the 
Legislature of New Jersey. 
VVhereas the peoplc of New Jersey, confonning to the 
opinion of" the Fathcr of his Country," consider the unity 
of the Goverrnnent, which constitutes the people of the 
United Stat.es one peoptc, a main pillar in the edifice•of 
their independence, the support oftheir tranqu illity at home 
and peace abroad, of their prosperity, and of that libcrty 
which they so highiY prize; and properly estimating the 
iminense value of their national Union to their individual 
happiness, they cherish a cordial, habitual, and immova- 
ble attachment to it as the palladium of their political 
safety and prosperity : 'Therefore, 
1. Be it resolee.d by the Senate and General assembly Qf • 
the State of New Jersey, That it is the duty of every good 
citizen, in all suitable and proper ways, to stand hy and sus- 
tain the Union of the States as translnitted to us by our 
fathers. 
2. and it resolved, That the Government of the United 
States is a: National Govcrnnlcnt, and the Union it was 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 1, 
designed to perfect is not a mere compact or league ; and 
that, the Constitution was adopted in a. spirit of Inutual 
eompromLse and .coocession by the people of the United 
States, •and can only be preserved by the constant recogni- 
tion of that. spirit. 
3. .Rnd be it resolved. That however undoubted may be 
the right of' the General Govern:ncnt to naaintain its au- 
thority and enforce its laws over ali parts of the country, 
it is cqually ccrtain that forbearance and cotnpromise are 
indispensable at this cr\sis to: tbc perpetuity the Union ; 
aud that it is the dictate of reason, wisdom, and patriotism. 
peacefully to adjust whatever differences exist between the 
different sections of our country. 
4. ,ß71d bc it •resol.oed, That the resolutions and proposi- 
tions eubmitt.ed to the. Senate of the United States"by Hon. 
JOHN J. CRITTENDEN, of Kentucky, tbr the compromise of 
the questions in dispute between the people ot the northern 
and of the southern States, or any other constitutional 
n:ethod of settling the slave question permanently, will be 
acceptable to the people of the State. of New Jersey, and 
the Senators and . Representatives in Congress frorn Ncsv 
Jers•éy he reqnpst.cd, and earnestly urged, io support these 
resol utions and propositions. 
5. .Hnd bc it rcsoteed, 'Phat as the Union of these States 
is in in-nninent danger unless the remedies before suggestüd 
bc speedily adopted, then, as a last resort, tho State ot• New 
Jersey hereby nnakes application, according to tbc terms of 
the Constitution, of the Congress of the United States, to 
call a convention (of the States) to propose amendnwnts 
to said Constitution. 
6. and be it resolved, That such of the States as have in 
force laws which interfere with the constitutional rights of 
citizcns of the other States eithcr in regard to (Ileir persons 
or property, or which rnilitate against the just construction 
of that part of the Constitution that provides that the cit- 
izcns of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges and 
immunities of citizens in the several States," are earnestly 
urged and rcquested, for the sake of peace and the Union, 
to repeal such laws. 
7. wand be it resotved, .That his Excellency, Charles S. 
Olden, Peter D. Vroom, Robert F. Stockton, Bcnjamin 
•Willialnsot', Joseph F. Randolph, Fredcrick Freling- 
huys•en, Rodinan M. Price, 'I'horna.sJ. Stryker, an(l VViIliam 
C. Alexander, l)? appointed commissioners to confer with 
Congress, and our sister States, and urge upon thenl the im- 
portaucc of carrying into effect the principles and objects 
of the foregoing resolutions. 
8. *Rnd be it resolved, That the commissioners above 
narncd, in addition to their other powers, be authorized to 
Illcet with those now or hereafter to be appointed by our 
sister State of Virginia, and euch connnissioners of other 
States as have been or ;nay hereafter bc appointed, to Incet 
•Ith day of February next. 
at. Washingt.01'1 on the 
9. 03•nd be it resolved, 'i'hat copies of the ibreuoiug reso- 
hitions be scnt to the President of' the Senate and Speaker 
of {hc House or Representatives of the United States, and 
to the Senators and Representatives in Contrrcss fron) Nf_.'iv 
Jersey and to the Governors of the several States. 
INDIAN APPROPIIIATION DILL. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President— 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 the Senator from New 
Jcrscy to give v.ray for one moment to enable me 
to submit a motion making an appropriation hill 
the order of the day for to-day, at two o'clock. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. if 1 do not lose the floor 
by that, I will consent. 
Several SENATORS. Certainly not. 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 move, now, that the Indian 
appropriation bill be taken up and made the spe- 
Cial order of the day, for this day at two o'clock. 
Mr. GREEN-. I rnove to amend that by say- 
ing, " one o 'clock to-morrow." W cought to have 
one day for pri vat.e bills. 
VICE PR.FSIDENT. The Chair will 
state the condition of the question. The Senator 
from Maryland moves that the Indian appropri- 
ation bill be takcn up and made the special order 
for two o'clock to-day. EC he Senator from Mis- 
souri Inoves to amend by making it the spccial 
order for onc o'clock to-morrow. 
Mr. BRAGG. I thought that, in accordance 
with the motion I madc last week, Friday of cach 
week had becn set aside for the consideration of 
private bills. I may be under a mistake about it. 
Perhaps it applied only to last Friday; but I 
thought it applied to every Friday, in accordance 
with the usage of the Senate heretofore. 
'The VICE PRESIDENT. Chair is in- 
formed by the Secretary, that that resolution 
pqied only to last Friday. 
a 
1 r. BRAGG. I hope It will bc made to apply 
to this and ail other Fridavs, during the session. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That must be the 
subject ofa motion. 
Mr. BRAGG. We have. had but part of one 
day during the session devoted to private bills, 
and that was only a portion of last Friday. Un- 
less some timo is devoted to private bills, a great 
many of the claimants now before Congress will 
have no possible chance to get their claims al- 
lowed; and many of them are undoubtedly just, 
In this stage, do not know 
and ought to pass. 
that any motion is proper; I merely bring the 
matter to the attention of thc Scnate. I think wo 
ought to devote to-day, after the speech of my 
friend from California, to the consideration of 
private bills. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is 
on the amendme•nt of the Senator from Missouri. 
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 would Monday 
instead of to-morrow. 
The question being put on the amendment of 
Mr. GREEN, there were—ayes twelve. 
I call for the 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, 
yeas and nays. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not think the ques- 
tion is ünderstood on -this side of. the Senate. 
1 
understand the chairman of the Committee on 
Finance asks that the Indian appropriation biu 
be made the order of the day for to-day at two 
o'clock. The Senator from Missouri moves to 
amend, and postpone the appropriation bill until 
to-morrow, at one o'clock. - We ai•e, now voting 
on the amendtuent proposed by the Senator from 
Missouri to postpone the until to-morrow, at 
one o'clock, instead of takincr it up to-day, at two 
o'clock, as I understand. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is, 
will the Senate take up the Ind ian appropriation 
bill, and make it the special order for to-morrow, 
at onc o'clock, that being the tunendment offered 
by the Senator from Missouri to the motion of 
the Senator from Maryland. On this question, 
the ycas and nays are demanded. 
The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
The "VICE PR.ESFDENT. The Chair 
divide the Senate again. 
The question being put, there were, on a divis- 
ion—ayes 12, noes 19; no quorum votin«r, 
MI'. BINGHAM. Let us have the yeas and 
nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas, 7, nays 34; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg. C,lingman, Green, Lathmn, Nich- 
01301), Polk, and PowelL—7. 
Anthony, Bayard, Bigler, Bingham, 
Bright, Chandler, Clark, Coliamer, Crittenden, 
Dixon, 
Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grilne*, Gwin, 
n unter, Lane, Morrill, 
H 01nphill, 
Rice, Saulsbur Seward, Simmons, Suxnner, Ten Eyck, 
"l'rtunbull, (de, Wilkinson, and Wilson—34. 
So th amendment was rejected; and the ques- 
tion r ,urring on the motioh of Mr. PEARCE, it 
was greed to. 
RESOLUTIONS OF JERSEY. 
everal SENATORS addressed the Chair. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
New Jersey is entitled to the floor, haviY)g yielded 
it, by unanimous consent, for the proceedings that 
have just terminated. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 should not persist in 
claiming the floor, if it were not that I havc had 
the honor of presenting the resolutions of a State 
upon the ail-absorbing matters filling the public 
mind; and therefore think it proper to make 
motion that the resolutions be printed; and upon 
that motion I bec leave to submit a few remarks. 
Mr. President, these resolutions from New Jer- 
sey attract my prompt attention, command my 
high respect, and claim my full consideration; but, 
they are not to stop my voice, control my ac- 
sir , 
lion, or manacle rny limbs. 
Did I occupy a seat herc as an agent 
appointed to perform specific duties, or as an em- 
ba-.ssador from a distinct sovereign State, (as is 
claimed by some to be our truc position hero,) 
I should be bound to act in strict accordance with 
these instructions; for such I. do regard them, in 
effect; but a Senator, in Congress .from a State, is 
a Senator of the United States. The Constitution 
makes him so, expressly, and though called upon 
to advance the interests of tho State from which 
he comes, ho is bound to the genera] weal 
of at! the States; the general welfare of the Union, 
of the Union, in all its several parts; in its frozen 
North; its ardent South; on the Atlantic coast; on 
the Pacific slope; and in the throbbing heart and 
center of it all. 
I regard the Constitution of the United States 
as the suprerne law of tho land, and do not hesi- 
tate to say that when, in my opinion, the action 
of my State comes in conflict with its provisions, 
although I dearly love her, glory in her fame, and 
reverence her voice, I still shall yield obedience 
to that superior law. I hold the ConstitutiDn of 
the Union to be a fundamental frame of govern- 
ernment for all the people, of all the States, bind- 
ing upon each—on each one, individual}y; su- 
preme within the scope of its authority, and not 
