1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
687 
Mr. BRAGG. That can be done at any other 
bill is not yet through, and will occupy, I sup- 
pose, to-morrow, if we sit to-morrow; the Navy time. 
bill, the Army bill, the legislative and executive , I Mr. HALE. I have a resolution on what I 
bill, the miscellaneous bill—all heavy bills, con- understand to be a question of privilege, relating 
taining the great appropriations of the year—are to the proceedings of the body. I beg leave to 
I recurs on the motion of the Sehaför from North 
Carolina, that the Senate proceed to the •consid- 
cratxon of the Private Calendar. 
The question being put, there were, on a divis" 
Ion—ayes seven. 
yet to be considered; and if the Committee on 
Finance are not allowed to have scnne of their 
bills, which they have. reported, and which are 
now lying on your table, taken up in the early 
part. of the next week, I think it likely that you 
will not get through with them at a]t, or at least 
not creditably, by the end of thessession. 
I hope, 
therefore, the gentleman will postpone his motion, 
and give us at least a week 's time. Let him name 
next Friday, or Saturday week, and then I shall 
have no objection to taking up the bill and dis- 
cussmg it to the end. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no purpose to em- 
barrass thc Committee on Finance; and do not 
know which we ought to do, first provide the 
means to pay the appropriations, and then make 
them; or first make the appropriations, and then 
provide. the means to pay them. 
I will agree to 
postpone the bill until 'Wednesday; and that will 
leave us three days for the appropriation bills. 
Mr. PEARCE. That is better; but 1 think 
you ought to say Thursday. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The qucstion 
is on the motion ofthe Senator from Rhode Island; 
that this bill be postponed until Wednesday next, 
and made the special order for that day at one 
o'clock. 
The motion was agreed to. 
FRANCIS M. MUNK,S. 
! offer it. If there be objection to its consideration, 
of course it will lie over. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu- 
tion be received, and read for information. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
Resoleed, That the reasons assigned by the Secretary of i 
the Senate for his neglect to obcv the order of the Senate, 
Inade on the 20th of March last, iir favor of Mrs. E. A. Linn, 
are insufficient and unsatisfactory, and that he be in- 
struet.ed forthwith to execute tile. same. 
Mr. BRAGG. Let it over. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the motion of the Senator from North Caro- 
I lina, that the Senate proceed to the consideration 
! of the Private Calendar. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President— 
Mr. BIGLER. ask common consent to pre- 
sent petitions vv•hich I have on my table. I sup- 
pose there will be no objection. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection 
be interposed, the Chair will receive the rnemo- 
rials from the Senator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 was by the 
I Chair; but the Senator frorn Pennsylvania took 
from me the possession of the floor, and when 
he has got through, i will thank him to Ict me 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ate insist on a further divisiorl? 
Mr. BRAGG. Yes, sir; do not believe there 
is a quorum present. 
The question being put, there were nine in the 
negative; no quorum voting. 
Mr. BRAGG. I call for the yeas and nays on 
the motion, in order to get a quorum here. 
The yeas and nays 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 would like to know 
Senator from Maine has withdrawn Ins proposi- 
ti011 to take up the appropriation bill. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have not; and if this 
motion does not succeed, I shall move to take up 
the consular and diplomatic appropriation bill. 
r rhe question being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 14, nays 27, as follows: 
YEAS—Mcssrs. Bragg, Crittenden, Durkee, Fitch, Foot, 
Green, Hemphill, Johnson of Arkansas, Lane, Latham, 
Nicholson. Polk, Powell, aud Sebastian 
NAY SÆMeesrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bingham, Cameron, 
f Chandler, 
Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Pessenden, Foster, 
Grime, Gwin, Hale, Harlan, Johnson 01' 'Porrnessee, Ker»- 
ne.d.y, King, Morrill, Pearce, Saulsbury, Seward, Simmons 
Sunmer, 'Pen Eyck, Trutnbull, Wade, and -Wilson—27. 
So the motion was not agreed to. 
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL. 
Mr. PEARCE. I now move to take up the 
havcan opportunity of saying what I have to say and diplomatic appropriation bill. 
before proceeding with the other business. 
I I The Inotion was agreed to; and the Senate, as 
Mr. BIGLEW. to the 
in Committee of the Whole, procccdcd to con- 
Mr. LANE. 1 desire to a report. The floor. 
sider the bill (H. R. No. 864) making appropri- 
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia, to . 
whom was referred the petition of Francis M. I 
Munks, a white man, and Susan, his wife, a Choc- 
taw Indian, praying damages for being deprived 
of the ad vantages of keeping a ferry, under a grant 
from the Choctaw Council, by the erection ofa free 
bridge by t.ho Unit.ed States, ask to be discharo•ed 
from its further consideration, and that it be re- 
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 beg to suggest to the I 
Senator from Oregon that the Committee on ln- 
dian Affairs, according to my recollection. have 
had that case before them for consideration here- 
tofore; and reported it back, and asked to be dis- 
charged from its consideration; and that it be 
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, be- 
cause the subject was deemed by the Indian Com- 
mi[tee appropriate for their consideration. If Lhat 
is so, it is hardly necessary to act on the motion 
the Senator has made. If I am not mistaken, the 
Mr. FESSENDEN. the motion made 
ations for the consular and diplomatic expenses of 
by the Senator from North Carolina will not pre- the Govornment for the year ending the 30th o? 
vail, because it is the intention of the chairman June, 1862, which had been reported from the 
of the Committee on Finance to ask the Senate to Committee on Finance with various amendments.. 
take up another appropriation bill in a moment. 
'The first amendment of the Committee on Fi- 
He has just stepped to the committee-room t.o get nance was, in line twenty-eight, to strike out 
an amendment. We want to (Yet through with it, 
if possible; and I think we can get throueh with 
one of the bills to-day, as well as not. It is very 
important to dispose of them. 
I object to the 
Mr. JOHNSON , of Arkansas. 
reception of any petitions at this time of the day. 
The Senator from Pennsylvania will receive a 
great many more by the next day we meet, and 
they can all come in together. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending 
motion is that. of the Senator frorn North Caro- 
lina, that thc Senate proceed to the consideration 
It can only bc by unan- 
of the Private Calendar. 
i mous consent that other motions, or the present- 
case was once before the Indian Committee, and I 
ation of petitions, can be entertained while the 
at their instance referred to the committee of which 
i motion is pending. 
the honorable Senator from Oregon isa member, 
I must object. 
Mr. JOHNSON , of Arkansas. 
because of the eminent propriety there in i The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
having the question detennined by that commit- 
is on the motion of the Senator from North Car- 
tee, rather than by the committee of which I am 
olina. 
chairman. 1 hope the Scnator will reflect on that 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that motion shall not 
If the fact be 
fact before hc presses his motion. 
succeed, it is the intention of the chairman of the 
as I have stated, I presume he will withdraw his i Finance Committee to call up the consular and 
motion, and undertake the small labor of love di Iomatic appropriation bill. 
{Ir. BRAGG. The Senate can determine that 
which this case will impose upon him. 
Mr. RICE. As I have had the honorof beinff 
I matter when the chairman comes in. We can 
upon both of those committees, I have examined 
go on with the Private Calendar until then. 
the claim twice; and 1 1710 ve to lay it on the table. . 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 shall move to take it 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
up immediatel\ 
, if this motion does not prevail. I 
is not yet disposed of upon the rnotion of the Mr. BRAGG. N early all this day has been 
Senator from Oregon, that the Committee on Mil- I taken from the Private Calendar. All Fridays 
itary Affairs bc discharged from the further con- 
are usually devoted to that Calendar as late in 
sideration of the petition. 
the session as this; and I think we ought to have E , 
Mr. LANE. Let the sense of the Senate be part of the day at least for the Calendar. 
taken upon that proposition, and I have no objec- 
CREDENTIALS. 
tion to the petition lying on the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-} Mr. CAMERON. lam the 
tion is on the motion to discharge the Committee North Carolina will allow me to present a paper 
' twenty," and insert " forty;" so that the clause 
will read: 
For contingent expenses of ali the missions abroad, 
$40,000. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next 
amendment of the Committee on Finance will be 
Mr. PEARCE. I am authorized by the com- 
mittee to withdraw the second amendment. They 
reported in favor of illc,reasing the appropriation 
for the continq*ent expenses of Intercourse 
frorn in which form it passed the House, 
to $50,000, which is the usual appropriation; but 
there. is a fund which will remain unexpended on 
the 30th of June next, to the credit of that appro- 
priation, which makes it unnecessary to appro- 
priate more than $40,000. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By general 
consent, the amendment is withdrawn. 
The next amendment of the committee was, in 
lines eighty-four and eighty-five, on page 4, to 
and insert " four 
three thousand," 
strike out 
so that the clause will 
thousand five hundred;" 
read: 
For interpreters to the consulates in China, $4,500. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment of the committee was to 
Insert, at the. end of the bill, the following: 
'l'o meet an extraordinary etnergency which has arisen in 
bringing fronu Batavia twenty-four seamen of the ship Sta% 
Hound, charged with Inutiny, $9,792, or so much thereot 
as Inay be deen)ed just and thir, said sum to be expended 
under the direction of the Secretary of State. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. PEARCE. I am directed by the Commit- 
tee on Finance to offer the followin€-' amendment; 
I have in my hand, and have had for several days. I! to insert at thc end of the bill: 
on Military Affairs from its consideration. 
I have pleasure in presenting the certificate of the pay the salary of the consul general at Simoda, Japan, 
The motion was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question election of Hon. EDGAR COWAN, as United States 
frotn the time of his appointment to the of June, 1861 
now is on the motion of the Senator from Minne- 
, Lhat the petition lic on -the table. 
T hc xnotion was agreed to. 
MRS. E. A LINN. 
Mr. BRAGG. I move now that the Senate 
proceed to the consideration of the Private Calen- they will be read. 
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator from North 
Carolina will allow me to present some memo- 
rials. 
Senator from Pennsylvania for six years from inclusive, $2,180 55. 
That amendment is introduced in consequence 
the 4th of March next; and I move that the or- 
dinary course be taken, which, I believe, is to W of the Senate having recently confirmed the ap- 
pointmellt of the gentlernan as consul general at 
read and file them. 
The PRESIDINGOFFICL'R. The Chairwill Simoda. This was held by Mr. Harris, 
receive the credentials as a privileged matter, and our present minister to .lapan. When his suc- 
cessful diplomacy had entitled him, in the opin- 
The credentials were read, and ordered to be i! ion of the President and the Senate, to a mission, 
he was made minister to Japan, and thc place of 
filed. 
PRIVATE CALENDAR'. 
consul genera} was left vacant. No provision 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. T hc question was made for it at thc last session of Coygre.ss. 
