THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, c.o 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
page 30, line seven hundred and four, to strike out 
the word clerk" and insert clerks." 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. PEARCE. . The Clerk has passed page 
19. There are several amendments to come in 
there. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is still 
Mr. PEARCE. I have several amendments to 
•come in at that point, which I now send tb the 
Chair. 
The Secretary read the first amendment, in line 
four hundred and forty-six, on page 19, after the 
word thousand," t.o insert the words ' 'five hun- 
dred," so that the clause will read: 
For rent of snrvcyor generaPs office in Oregon, fuel, 
books, stationery, and other incidental expenses, $2,500. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was on the same page, 
line four hundred and fifty-two, to strike out 
" two" and insert " three;" so that the clause will 
read : 
For offce rent for the surveyor general of VVashington 
Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental ex- 
penses, $3,000. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in line four hundred 
and forty-nine, page 19, to strike out the word 
' three" and insert five;" so that the clause will 
read : 
For rent of surveyor general's offce in California, fuel, 
books, stationery, and other incidental expenses, incruding 
pay of messenger, $5,000. 
The amendment was agrccd to. 
The next amendment was on page 20, in line 
four hundred and fifty-five, to strike out 
two 
thousand " and insert " four thousand five hun- 
dred," so that the clause will read: 
For rent of the surveyor generaPs offcc in New Mex- 
ico. fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental expenses, 
$4,600. 
The amendrnent was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further 
amendments be offered, the bill will be reported 
to the Senate. 
Mr. PEARCE. There are other amendments 
from the Committce on Finance. There is an 
amendment which is in possession of the Clerk, 
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike 
out from line six hundred and seventy-two, to six 
hundred and seventy-eight, on page 29, in the fol- 
lowincr words: 
".Rt Dahlonega, Georgia.—ForsaIaries ofsuperintendent, 
coiner, assayer, and clerk, $6.000. 
For wages of workanen, $2 880. 
For incidental and contingent. expenses, $1,000." 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. PEA RCE. I will send another amendment 
to the Chair to come in as an additional section 
at the end of the bill : 
ulnd be it further enacted, That the provisions of the fifth 
section of chapter ninety-seven of the act of Congress ap- 
proved March 3, 1853, requiring the Secretary of the 'I'reas- 
ury to liniit the amount of refining at the, Mint, whenever 
private establishments shall be capable of refining bullion, 
shall be extended to the several branches of the .Nlint and to 
the United States assay office at New York, in all cases 
where deposits of buliion are made ii)r coiu or refined bars, 
and that hereafter the charge tor converting refined bullion 
into coin shall not exceed one fifth of one per cent. 
It was provided some years aoo, in one of the 
appropriation bills, that refined gold, which had 
been refined at private establishments, might be 
coined at the Mint, and it was proposed at that 
time to make the alteration in the law applicable 
to all the branch mints; but it was thought ad- 
visable, for various reasons, to make the experi- 
ment at the Mint at Philadelphia first. No good 
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1861. 
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the bill in the 
2d page by striking out, in lines fourteen and 
fifteen, these words: 
Officer charged with disbursements of the Senate, 
This is a small affair, very small; but it shows 
the way things are done here. By law fora good 
many years the salary of our Secretary was 3,000. 
His friends and the Senate generally use to be 
in the habit—and so the record will show—of vot- 
ing him, at the end of the session, a gratuity of 
four or five hundred dollars for the duties of dis- 
bursing agent or disbursing omcer of the Senate; 
and finally that sum got up to $600, and I see that is 
the salary, and suppose it has become so by law. 
The only apology or excuse for raising tine salary 
from $3,000 to $3,600 was to make permanent what 
we annually gave hirn in donations—the $600 ad- 
ditional for disbursing the fund of the Senate. 
He now receives a regular salary of $3,600, and 
in addition to that, as disbursing officer, $480 
more; so that, in fact, he is now receiving a salary 
I suppose there is some statÜte for it; 
of $4,080. 
but the last I can find in Brightly's Digest— 
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator will allowme, 
I will state to him particularly. 
Mr. HALE. very well. 
Mr. PEARCE. The Senate will recollect that 
some years ago the Senator from Virginia [Mr. 
M A SON] introauced a resolution, under which a 
special committee was appointed, who made a 
report on the subject of the salaries of all the 
ofhccrs and cm ployés of the Senate. They were 
all raised, they were fixed, and the object was to 
do away with the annual gratuities of which the 
Senator speaks, and they have been done away 
with under the operation of the resolutions of that 
committee, which were submitted to the Senate, 
and deliberately approved by them. That report 
fixed the salary of the Secretary of the Senate at 
$3,600, and allowed him, as disburser of the funds 
of the Senate, $480; and ever since that, appro- 
I 
priations have been made upon that basis. 
i was mis- 
stated before that it was by statute. 
I recollect now, my attention having been 
taken. 
culled to it, that the facts were as I have just stated , 
because I was a member of that comrnittec. 
was debated here in the Senate fully; and the Scn- 
ate having fixed by their own rule—which is the 
law of this body, at alk events, if not the law of 
the land—the salaries at this rate, the committee 
have done nothin(T but report. precisely that which 
it was their duty to do. It seenns to rne it would 
be a very indirect and improper mode of chang- 
it-lg the deliberate action of the Senate if we were 
now, in an appropriation bill, to seek to destroy 
that rule of the Senate. 
Mr. HALE. I would ask if that was made by 
Mr. PEARCE. It was made by order of the 
Senate. By resolution we fixed the salaries of 
our employés. Each body does so. The House 
of Representatives has done so always, a"fid the 
Senate never objects to any arrangement they 
make. The Senate fixed the salary of their offi- 
cers and employés, and the other House assent 10 
it, as a matter of course. 
Mr. HALE, I think the Senator is mistaken, 
because I have the book before me showing the 
payments that were made that year, and this $400 
was not paid as salary, but was paid by the vote 
of the Senate out of the contingent fund. 
Mr. PEARCE. Then it must have been be- 
cause. it vuras omitted in the bill. 
Mr. HALE. well, it ought to have been 
omitted, because I know very well—for I was 
here at the time—that this paymcnt, in addition 
to the Secretary's salary, which up to that time 
had been $3,000, this gratuity which had been 
given of $500 was for disbursing the funds. The 
reason has been perceived why the same rulc 
It will be l' object of that ccnnmittec, of which the Senator 
should not apply to the other mints. 
a reduction of expense to those who bring the l' from Virginia was chairman, was to fix these 
things, and Inake them matt,er of law instead of 
gold to places for refining and coinino••, and thc 
, gratuity. If I not mistaken—and I have that 
reduction of the charge is to an amount which 
book before me, but I do not know the page where 
the director of the Mint informs us, is sufficient 
the report of the Senator from Virginia is—the 
to indemnify the Government fer all expense. 
committee made a recommendation that these 
The amendment was agreed to. 
44 
NEW SERIES....:.NO. 44, 
gratuities should be dispenséd -with;- 
the sum paid, which was then raised', andi *aiSéd 
up eqUal-t.o what•the pay gratuity had' been, 
should be th'e salary. That was the tindevStäti& 
ing, according to my recollection;; and-I think-the 
Senator from Maryland •will recölleet:it the' same. 
The object of the Senate washtö gi+e everything 
that was equitably due; and to do it by law instead 
of doing it by-gratuities;-nnd the excuSe•, the-jus- 
tification, or whatever you may please to call it, 
for this addition to thc Secretary'S salary, was 
because he was the disbursing officer; and he now 
gets $3,600 salary, and $480 additional fot dis- 
item. 
Mr. GREEN. As this payment only -rests on 
a resolution of the Senate, I think it just as com- 
petent to abolish it by failing to make the app}o- 
priation, as it is to abolish a consul general in 
Japan; by failing t.o make an. appropriation;• and 
if we think it wron«, we ought to do so'. I shall, 
therefore, vote with the Senator from New Hamp- 
Mr. PEARCE. I have sent for the rcport 
which was submitted by the Senator from Vir- 
ginia, and it has not yet come to hand; but I arn 
sure that it will sustain what I have said on the 
subject. The Senate gave the Secretary, as Sec- 
retary, a salary of $3,600, and they gave the ad- 
dilional sum of #480 for the trouble of disbursing 
the moneys of Senate. In that I cannot be 
mistaken. It is not a gratuity voted annually, 
but it is in conformity to that resolution of -the 
Senate, adopted some five or six years ao•o, rais- 
ing the salary of every emplové in the Senate, I 
believe; certainly of most of them. 
Mr. FOSTER. As the Senator from New 
Hampshire has remarked, Mr. President, this is 
a small matter; and , under the circumstances, con- 
sidering the precedence for this payment, aud the 
length of time it has continued, and as it is for 
the payment of an old omcer of the Senate, I am 
*not prepared now to strike it off; and I think. it 
is better and fairer, as well-as more liberal, to let 
I shall vote to retain it. 
it remain. 
rvlr. PEARCE. I have now the report of the 
Senator from Virginia, to which I alluded. By it 
the salary of the Secretary of the Senate was fixed 
at pcr annum. Now, the Senator from 
New Hampshire may ask me why we have hap- 
pened to put in $3,600. 
Mr. HALE. I cannot hear a word that is said 
by the Senator. 
1 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 will speak a little louder. 
have now the resolutions of the committee of 
which the Senator from Virginia was chairman. 
I find that the first- resolution was: 
" That the compensation of the offcers and persons in 
the employment-of the Senate, from and after the 30th of 
June, 1859, be as fOklows, namely : ero the Secretary of the 
Senate, $3,000 per annum." 
And here the Senator will probably ask me why 
sve have inserted The reason is, that by 
law, by a joint resolution sanctioned by both 
Houses of Congress, we added twenty per cent.. 
to the salaries of the employés of both 
That makes it #3,600. The next provision was:: 
To the. officer charged with the disbursements of the. 
Senate, $400 per annum." 
And the twenty pcr cent. added to that makes 
it 4480. The Secretary has received just the same 
increase of salary, under that joint resolution, as 
every other officer and employé of the two bodies.. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. What year was that? 
Mr. PEARCE. Eighteen hundred and fifty- 
. four. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. And it has been appro- 
printed regularly ever since? 
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir; it has been appropri- 
ated regularly ever since. 
Mr. -HALE. If that is so, I withdraw the 
amendment. 
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended; 
and the amendments were concurred in, and or- 
dered to be engrossed, and the- bill to be read a 
third time. 
The bill was read the third time, and passed. 
