1861. 
THE CONGRESSIO L GLOBE. 
691 
Mr. McCLERNAND. My observation 
that the gentleman from Illinois stood in a very 
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of 
near relation to the President elect; not that the 
Ways and Means, reported a bill making appro- 
latter was in any way privy to the plan of accom- 
priations for the service of the Post Offce Depart- 
modation proposed by my colleague. 
ment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of 
In offering that 
Mr. KELLOGG, of111inois. 
June, 1862; which was read a first and second 
resolution to have it printed, I wish distinctly to 
time, referred to the Committee of the -sy hole on 
say that, in view of the disturbed condition of the the state of the Union, and ordered to be. printed. 
country, felt it my duty to offer that proposition, I 
hoping that it might avert a calamity which now 
surrounds and impends over the country, and that 
no human being is responsible for the proposition 
but myself. 
Mf. EDWARDS. 1 ask leave to present cer- 
tain resolutions, accompanied by a memorial, 
adopted at a convention of the Constitutional 
Union party in New Hampshire, held on the 8th 
of January last. As the memorial is very short, 
I ask that it may be read and then referred to 
the sclcct committcc of five. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 desire to ask the 
man a question for information. The gentleman 
from New Hampshire stated that he presented 
certain resoluti01'ls of the Constitutional Union 
party of that State. I ask the gentleman, if that is 
bhe Bell and Everett party of New Hampshire, 
or what party it is that claims the name of Con- 
stitutional Union party ? 
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 suppose it was the Bell 
and Everett party prior to the election. 
T hc memorial was read, as follows: 
To the honorable the Senatc and I-louse of Representatives 
in Congress assembled : 
The undersigned, legaÜvoters of the State of New Harnp- 
shire, regardless of party distinctions, being deeply im- 
pressed with a sensc of ilnpending dangers, and unalterably 
attached to the Union of these States, to the end that tbe 
blessings of liberty may be preserved to ourselves and trans- 
mitted unimpaired to our posterity; and believing that. the 
slavery agitation shonld he. hereafter dropped from Wrty 
politics, and no longer be permitted to disturb the deliber- 
ations of Congress or the peace and I'lannony of the people ; 
and believing, further, Illat every consideraticn-• of patriot. 
istn, no less than constitutional regard, requires tho innue- 
diate and unconditional repeal of all lavvs directly or indi- 
vectly in conflict with the letter or spirit of the Constitu- 
tion ; and helieving, further, that every good eit.ize.n should 
favor, not only the existence and fhithfut execution of laws 
to effectually restrain ail attempts to excite insurrection 
arnong the slaves and to entice or steal them from their 
masters, but also the passage of all other enacttnents re- 
quired by comity and fraternal feeling—respectrully peti- 
tion your honorable bodies to eonupose the present uniiuppy 
difficulties of our coznmon country— 
First, by making such arrangement in regard to the Ter- 
ritories as may commend itself to your liberality and pa- 
triotism, having duc regard to the constitutional rights of' 
each and all the States of the Union ; 
Second, by the final settlement of the. principle that new 
States snåil be admitted to thc Union with or without sla- 
very, as the people thereof, in their constitution, shali 
determine ; 
Third, by tbc emphatic enunciation that Congress will 
not interfere with slavery in the States, or in the District 
or Columbia, nor with thc slave trade between the slave 
LOAN DILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am directed by the Com- 
mittec of Ways and Means to introduce a bill 
authorizing a loan. I wish to say that the present 
exioencies of the country demand its considera- 
tion either to-day or to-morrow. 
The bill to authorize a loan was read a first 
and second time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 give notice that to-mor- 
row morning I Shall call up the bill for action, 
unless the House sees fit to pass it now. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION. 
Mr. PENDLETON. lask the unanimous 
sent of the I-louse to make a personal explanation 
in a matter which touches somewhat the privi- 
leges of the House. Some two weeks since, when 
I addressed the I-louse, I took occasion to say 
that I had attempted to gct the floor for the pur- 
pose of offering a petition, which catne from ten 
thousand citizens of Cincinnati, asking for the 
adoption, by Congress, of a series of measures, 
commonly called {he Crittenden compromise. 
see, in a paper published in the city of Cincin- 
nati, the Cincinnati Commercial, in its issue of I 
last VVednesday morning, the following sta tement, 
made by a correspondent from this city. 
Mr. Pendleton's petition with ten thousand names a . fraud. 
VVASIIINGTON, January 29. 
'l'he petition for the Crittenden Compromise, introduced 
by Hon. (}EORGE II. PENI)LETON, as a preface to his speech, 
and said to contain ten thousand nmnes, proves, on exam- 
ination, to contain less than three thousand, a large portion 
of wilich are not Cincinnatians. Among other sigilaturcs 
are the narnes of I). Lincoln. R. li. Stephenson, M. 
[lalstead, C. A. Partridge, and many others, some whom 
are known to be opposed to the Crittenden eomprotnise. 
Has a fraud becn com- 
The signatures are autographs. 
SIGMA. 
mitted ? 
I have not taken the trouble to verify the truth 
of the statement of that correspondent. 
I under- 
stand that hc arrived at his conclusion as to the 
number of names attached to the petition by a 
measurement of the paper, and not by a count of 
the names. Whether accurate or not, however, 
I feel constrained, in justice to the I-louse, and 
in justicc to mysclf, to call attention to it. 
received that petition. within an hour or two of 
the time I took the floor, on the 18th of January. 
Accompanying it was a. 40ttor, w Ilie,l') I hold in 
my hand, frorn an active, prominent, influential 
business man in the city or Cincinnati—a rnem- 
States ; 
Fourth, by providing for the full enjoynent by the slave I 
States of their constitutioual right in the rendition of fugi- 
tives from service. 
Mr. EDWARDS. that the memorial 
and accompanyincr resolutions be referred to the 
select corntliittce of five. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Upon that motion 
to refer, would ask the gentleman from New 
Hampshire a single question; and that is, whether 
that memorial- has his individual political assent? 
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 have presented the mcmo- 
rial and thc accompanying resolutions in accord- 
ance with what 1 believe to be n1Y duty to any 
portion of the citizens of New Hampshire who 
shall do me the honor to constitute me the medium 
by which they may present to this House their 
opinions and wishes in relation to great public 
If, beyond this, I were to answer the 
questions. 
bcr, as I have becn informed, ofa committee ap- 
pointed by a Union meeting held in that city about 
1 wo months ago, for the purpose, as I understand, 
of coilectiD0' the sensc of the people of the district 
I represent, und that of my colleague, [Mr. GUR- 
LEX,] upon this subject. Hc is a gentleman op- 
posed to me in politics; belongs to a different polit- 
between whom and 
ical organization altogether, 
myself there is no coincidence whatever on ordi- 
It was upon the authority 
nary political topics. 
of this letter that I introduced the petition and 
made the statement I did. If the House will per- 
mit that letter to be read, I wili not troublc them 
further upon the subject. 
The letter was read, as follows: 
CINCINNAtr:, January ] 5, 
DEAR SIR : I have serit. you by eight or ten thousand 
names, asking the Congressrneil of cur citv to exert them- 
question of the gentleman from New York frankly, selves in favor of the Céittenden cornproniise. 
'Chere are 
should say that, while I concur with much that rnorc papers out, and doubtless nine tenths of our citizens 
the lilet-norial contains, certain of its positions and will sign the petition, 
if an opportunity offers. 
'Phe ultra 
Republican alonc 1K) sign it, as they love 
surrcrestions do not meet my sympathy or appro- 
party better than their country. We expect to call u pop- 
ular election in this city to vote yea or 110 y on the Critten- 
bation. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. T am much obliged den compromise. 
S. S. DAVIS. 
Yours, &c., 
I thought it 
to the. gentleman for his politeness. 
Ilon. GEORGE, PENDLETON. 
was right that we should know. 
'The papers were referred to thc select commit- I ! Mr. GURLEY. I wish to say a word in con- 
nection with this subject. Of course no blame 
tee of five. 
attaches to my collea'Fue in presenting that peti- 
METROPOLITAN POLICE. 
I myself received many letters from Cin- 
Mr. KILGORE, from the Committee on the tion. 
counted 'the names of One, dhd'friädd éSt.imåtO 
of the rest—the whole. making twenty-hine•hun- 
dred and fifty. It might vary fifty 
from that. One of the names signed to -the paper 
is that of the editor of the Cincinnati Commerciäl; 
a gentleman who had himself state'd in his p#Ef' 
that he did not believe any such petition had been 
circulaled in the city; or rather that, if circulated; 
ten thousand names had not been signed to it. 
He is a Republican, and was inclined:to disbelieve 
that any such petition had been so generally 
signed, and yet I find his name attached to it; of 
course he never signed it. 
I know not whether 
the petition was got up in the same way that the 
poll-lists in Kansas were, by the directory or other- 
It is sufficient that I state these facts. 
wise. 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. HUMPHREY. Iasi, leave to present the 
pet.ilion of William E. Dodge, and great nufiib'er 
of other citizens of the city of New' York, for a 
settlement of tbc national difficulties; and, in con- 
necti01'1 with the remarks just made by the gen- 
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. GURLEY,] I will say that 
this comes from such a source as that I 
feel at liberty to take the personal responsibility. 
of assuring the House that there is neither ohffis 
paper nor on a similar one which was presented 
to the Senate yesterday, containing more than 
thirty-eight thousand names, a single name that 
was not signed by the party whose signature it 
purports to be. .kwould repeat, that this petition 
is similar to onc that came from the city of New 
York, having been almost universally signed by 
the electors of that city, to tbe extent of at least, 
for both petitions, forty thousand names. I ask 
that the petition be read. 
Mr. CARE Y. I rise to a question of order. I 
ask whether it is in order to offer petitions of this 
kind to-day ? 
The SPEAKER. If objection be made, it can- 
not be received. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 hope the gentle- 
man from Ohio will not make objection at this 
point of the proceedings. 
Mr. CA REY. If you please, let me get through 
what I was (Toing to say. 
Mr. JOHN CÖCHRANE. Very well; 1 agree 
to that. 
Mr. CARE Y. The reason why I object is this: 
I have received petitions of a similar character; 
and as I understood that the rules did mot permit 
such petitions to bc presented except on Mon- 
I see 
days, I have so stated to my constituents. 
now that these petitions are getting in regularly; 
and when my constituents see that, they will be 
surprised at my letter. Now, I shall object, un- 
less I am allowed to put in mine. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 the gentle- 
man from Ohio will be permitted to introduce all 
the petitions on this subject that he and his con- 
stituents desire; and may he inform that constit- 
that this I-louse is becoming more lib- 
uoncy, sir, 
eral, and more patriotic, just as the country is 
I hope this 
getting more and more in danger. 
petition will be read. 
Mr. CARE Y. i should not have made oujec- 
tion if I were not placcd in an awkward position 
I withdraw my objection. 
about it. 
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the 
petition will be read. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I object. 
Tho SPEAKER. It cannot be read. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 move to refer it 
1 suppose there is no 
to the committee of five. 
oujection to that. 
It was so referred. 
MARY K. GUTHRIE. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 
i!nous consent to have the Committee of the Whole 
I discharged from the further consideration of Sen- 
ate bill No. 268, for the relief of Mary K. Guth- 
pie, widow of Presley N. Guthrie. It is the first 
time that I have asked for the consideration of 
any bill; and I would not now do so if it were 
not for the relief ofa widow v.zho has been starv- 
inq for two years. [Laughter.] 
r Ithere being no objection, the Committee of the 
inquirino• whether such a petition m.vas MI hole was discharged from the (urt.hcr- consid- 
District of Columbia, by unanimous consent, re- cinnati, 
eraLion of' the bill; and the House proceeded to 
and whether it u-as 
a bill (H. R. No. 900) to provide for 
it directs the Secretary of the Inte- 
orgamzation of a metropolitan police for the doubts of genuineness of the petition. 
consider it. 
the 
citv Of 'Washington; which was ordered to be amined it myself, and counted the names; that rior to place the name of Mary 'K. Guthrie on 
the pension roll, at the rate of: thirty dollars. per 
is, I divided the petition into about four parcels, 
