692 
THE CONGRE ONAL GLOBE. 
February 1, 
month from the 29th of December, 1857, to con- 
tin'ué during her widowhood. 
The bill was read a third time, and-passed, 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved. too 
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed; 
apd also moved to lay the motion to reconsider 
on the table. 
The -latter motion "vas agreed to. 
JOSEPH C. G. KENNEDY. 
Mr. MAYNARD. ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the House to discharge the Committee 
of the Whole from the further consideration of 
HouSe bill No. 512, for the relief of Joseph C. 
G. Kennedy. In order tliat the House may un- 
detstand •the character of the bill, I ask that the 
bili be read, together with two very short reports 
that have been -made at different times in the Sen- 
ate. The facts are very few. 
The bill was read. 
Mr. PRYOR. 1 object. 
BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD. 
Mr. CARTER. leave to report back 
from the Committee for the District of Columbia 
Senate bill No. 377, to authorize the Baltimore and 
Ohio railroad company to extend the Washington 
branch of their road to the Potomac river, and 
across the same, by an extension of the present 
structure known as the Long Bridge, for the pur- 
pose: of connecting with the Virginia railroad at 
that point. 
Mr. Indiana 
[Mr. KILGORE] offered a bill this morning, from 
the Committee for the District of Columbia, to 
have it printed. I rose at the, time to object, but 
remarked that I would not object to that course 
being pursued, provided the gentleman from New 
York, the chairman of' that committee, should 
have the same given him to report a 
bill, and have tho same order made to print. Un- 
less that permission be given, I shall claim the 
right to object to the proposition of the gentleman 
from Indiana. 
Mr. CAR'I'ER. I ask leave to report this bill. 
Mr. BARR. 1 object. 
Mr. BURNETT; Then 1 insist that the gen- 
tleman from Indiana shall not have the order in 
regard to his bill entered on the Journal. 
Mr. BARR. That objection comes too late. 
Mi. BURNETT. 1 made an at the 
time, and suppose the Chair heard me. 
'Che SPEAKER. The Chair does not suppose 
it -to be his province to regard subjects of this 
'kind. Objection should have been made at the 
time. or else the Chair cannot notice it. 
BURNETT. 1 at the time. 
Tho SPEAKER. It must be an unqualified 
Mr. BARR. The gentleman from Kentucky 
could .make no such arrangement without the 
tunanimous .consent of the House. I object to the 
gentleman frazn New York [Mr. CARTFh] puttincy 
b 
his bill. 
Mr. BURNETT. Then make the point that 
the gentleman f_'ro.'.n Indiana had no right to report 
his bill; for the .5i.n•gple reason that the order ill 
cqmmittee was ,that botl"k bills should be reported 
by the chairman conunittee. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is too late 
to tuke.up that subject ih0,w. 
CRITTENDEN OOMPROMISE. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 a petition, signed 
by citizens of.Montgomery ceunty, Pennsylva- 
tnza.g asking a settlement of -the ,difliculties of the 
country on the basis of the Crittenden proposi- 
tion. 
move that it be referred 'to the special 
.cornm:.ittee of five. It is very numerously signed; 
and my correspondent says it is sioned by men 
of all 
It was so referred. 
AND BUTTERWORTH. 
The SPEARER announced the business iE 
order to be, the consideration of Senate. bill No. 
29, for the relief of Arnold Harris and Samuel F. 
Bu tterworth . 
Mr. SHERMAN. use in 
ing time in passing private bills. I move that the 
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve 
itself in to the Committee of the Who_leon the state 
of the Union, in or.d,er to geL0D with the deficiency 
The motion was agreed to. 
The rules were acc rdingly suspended;and the 
House resolved itself into the, Committee of the 
Whole , (Mfr. BURNETT in the chair,) and resumed 
the consideration of the special order, being the 
Senate amendments to the bill (H. R, No. 866) 
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the 
service of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1861, 
the pending question being on Mr. Monsc's 
amendment to the third amendment of the Senate, 
as follows: 
Add the end of the amendment as follows : 
Provided, That no part of-the sum hereby appropriated 
shall be drawn from the 'Preasury until after such conditions 
and regulations have been established by the President in 
reference to supplying coal under satd eontract, and for the 
performance of all the provisions of the same, as will fully 
protect the United States against the failure or incapacity of 
said Thompson, or said Chiriqui Improvement Company, 
to fulfill its stipulations : Provided further, That the United 
States shall acquire no right of sovereignty over any terri- 
tory in the Republic of New Granada or Costa Rica, nor 
any right to transport troops or munitions of war over such 
territory under or by virtue of the contract recited in this 
act, unless the same be voluntarily consented to by said 
Republic. 
The Senate amendment boing as follows: 
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to carry out the 
conditional contract made by him with the Chiriqui Im- 
provement Company and Arnbrose W. Thompson, on the 
21st day of May, 1859, för the purpose of securing to the 
United States certain valuable privileges and rights speci- 
fied in said contract, and which said contract is hereby 
approved, $300,000. 
On which Mr. POTTLE was entitled to the floor. 
Mr. POTTLE. I send up the following amend- 
ment which I offer as an amendment to the amend- 
ment proposed by the gentleman from Maine: 
Provided further, That no part of the sum hereby appro- 
priated shall be paid until a railway shall have been 
pleted and put in operation upon the roadway narned in the 
said cunditi01'lal contract. 
Mr. Chairman, after the remarks of my col- 
league [Mr. SICKLES] on yesterday, in reference 
to the indorsement which this proposed appro- 
priation had received from the Committee on Na- 
val Affairs in this House, at the last session, I feel 
it to be but justice to nyself and to the House to 
make a few remarks upon this question. 
Mr. HARRIS, ofMaryland. to a ques- 
tion of order. 
I understood that when the com- 
mittee rose yesterday, the gentleman from New 
York [Mr. SICKLES] was still entitled to tt)e floor 
upon the ame nd mcn t of the gentleman from Ma ine. 
The CHAIRMAN. The time gentleman 
from New York [Mr. SICKLES] had expired be- 
fore the committee rose yesterday. The gentle- 
man from New York [Mr. POTTLE] is entitled to 
the floor. 
Mr. POTTLE. It is true, Mr. Chairman, that 
at the last session of Congress a reoort was made 
by the committee, of which I am a member, sub- 
stantially concurring in the propriety of making 
this appropriation. But there was a tacit under- 
standing in the mutter that there was great pro- 
priety, before the House should finally act upon 
the question, of sending out a commission to ob- 
tain some of the facts connected with the advant- 
ages to be derived from this aporopriation to the 
Chiriqui Improvement Company. Such a motion 
was subsequently made in the House, and the 
cornmission sent. We have before us, at length , 
the result of their labors. 
I was one of those on the committee who gave 
my assent to a report in favor of this appropria- 
; and I deetn it but justice to myself to say, that 
that consent was obtained from upon a state 
of facts totally different from the facts as they ap- 
pear from the report of this commission. And I 
feel bound, after carefully reading this report, to 
provide, at least, some guard by which the Gov- 
ernment shall be put in a possible position of re- 
ceivilV some advantage from this appropriation. 
As it stands now, without some such guard as 
this which I have offered by way of amendment, 
I can scarcely conceive that the Government can 
ever derive any advantage whatever from tills 
appropriation of $300,000. 
We have listened, sir, to the eloquent remarks 
of the gentleman from New York, on the other 
side of the House, [Mr. SICKLES,] in regard to 
the great advan tages to be derived by the Govern- 
ment from the ratification of this contract. We 
. have had, dare say, all or nearly ali the poetry 
that can be brought to bear upon this subject. 
But any member who will take the trouble to read 
this report, cannot fail to come to- the conclusion 
that, if there is poetry connecæd with the matter, 
there are. also some stubborn facts io bc sur- I 
mounted before we C*n, in justice to the Govern- 
ment we represent, make this appropriation. 
My colleague has spoken at great length of the 
advantages to be derived from the construction 
of the railway, and the benefits the Government 
would derive from the right of transit across.the 
Isthmus. At this point, Mr. Chairman, my col- 
league seems to have entirely overlooked one fact, 
of which I beg the committec to take notice; and 
that is, that the contract entered into by the Sec- 
retary of the Navy with this Chiriqui Improve- 
ment Company has. no reference whatever to a 
railway; and that none, by the terms of that con- 
tract, was contemplated. That contract simply 
provides for the right of transit over a roadway, 
and not over a railway. And it is this misunder- 
standing *tvhich has been persistently kept beibre 
the House, not only in the debates, but in the 
report of the commission which was sent out to 
make surveys in regard to this roadway. By 
looking at their report, you will sce that there. is 
not a word or syllable in it about a roadway; but 
the whole of these surveys have been made to 
establish the practicability of transit by railway. 
All these reports set forth the great advantages to 
be derived by ihe Government, if the right of 
transit by r.ailway is secured. 
Now, that may be perfectly sure. of being 
understood upon this point, I beg leave to call 
the attention of the House to the contract made 
by the Secretary of the Navy with the Chiriqui 
Improvement Company. It commences: 
This indenture, rnade this 21st day of May, A. D. 1859, 
between the United States, acting by and through Isaac 
Touccy, Secretary of the Navy of the United States, of the 
first part, and the Chiriqui Improvement Company and 
Ambrose W. Thompson, of the second part, witnesseth : 
That whereas the said Chiriqui Improvement Company 
and the said Thompson have become possessed of certain 
grant»concessions, privileges, rights, and properties, at the 
Isthmus of, ana in the province of, Cliiriqui, in the Republic 
of New Granada, as appears by the original titles thereto, 
copies of which ar_e hereto appended; and whereas it is 
desirable that the United States, on the one part, should 
have the right of transit over the roadway granted direct to 
said Ambrosc W. Thompson through said province," &c. 
" Over the roadway." Now, sir, the papers 
which are printed with this contract contain among 
them a certified copy of the ordinance issued by 
tl'1C provincial Legislature of Chiriqui in 1854, 
granting the exclusive privilege of making im- 
provcnlents, &c., over the provincial road, from 
David to the Chiriqui lagoon. The copy of this 
ordinance is properly certified by the Granadian 
legation in the United States. 
I do not propose 
to waste time upon this point; because the whole 
ground was covered by the able argument made 
yesterday by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. 
PHELPS.] I simply wish to call the attention of 
the House, not to the fact that the Chiriqui Com- 
pany had never obtained a right of railway th rough 
the province of Chiriqui, but to the fäct that, 
whether they have or not, the contract made by 
the Secretary of the Navy with this Chiriqui 
Company imposes no obligation upon the com•- 
pan y to build a railroad. It is simply a contract 
for the right of transit over a G' roadway." 
-well, sir, what are the advantages that the Uni- 
ted States arc to derive in return for this $300,000? 
They are stated in the contract to which have 
just referred. The first is the right of transitovet• 
this roadway; second, that the United States are 
to have the right to land not to exceed five thou- 
sand acres, at each end of the route, for the pur- 
poses ofa coal depot; third, they are to have the 
right to purchase of the company whatever coal 
t.hey may need for naval purposes at the ordinary 
market price, or, to use the language of the con- 
tract, on payment of one dime per ton to the pro- 
vinciai authorities of Chiriqui, and the cost of 
excavation and transportation. 
Sir, let us look at these advantages for which 
it is proposed to pay $300,000; and I beg leave 
10 lake them up, not in the order in which they 
are named in the contract, but to reserve for the 
last the provision in regard to the right of transit 
over the roadway or railway, whichever way it 
ma_y be. 
First, in regard to the advantages to be derived 
from this grant often thousand acres of land. The 
impression which has generally obtained amonc.r 
-members, as evidenced by the debates in reference 
to it, appears to be that the land selected for.coal 
de . Ots is to cover any conceivable amount of coal. 
his is clearly an error; forl take it upon my- 
self to say that if év'e are to be guided by the re- 
