694 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 1, 
this contract. I suppose that the sole object for 
•ihiCh: that commission was sent svas to ascertain 
*whether the matter was practicable or important, 
before we,should ratify the contract. 
Its object 
Was 'to see whether we should receive any ad- 
Vantage from a ratification of tliß contract. The 
contract was one which-was made to depend upon 
its ratification by -Congress, and the only means 
Congress had to obtain information upon the sub- 
ject was to send a commission there to make a 
survey, and reportits conclusions. Congress with- 
held its judgment until that report came in; and 
upon the facts -thus furnished, It will decide this 
question. It is simply a matter of policy, and 
not a question of good faith. My colleague says 
that thlsconfmission has established beyond ques- 
tion the practiCability of this route. 
It may be 
but'before that shall pass out of the mind of 
the committee, I desire to call their attention to 
two or three important facts bearing upon this, 
the only remaining branch of the subject to which 
I have already said, in refer- 
I intend to speak. 
ence to the grant fi•om the Government of Gra- 
nada, there nQ railroad contemplated therein. 
It simply contains a right to improve an old pro- 
vincial road. I have shown that the only right 
to build a railroad is that which has been derived, 
since OUi' last session, from Costa Rica; and if 
you will look into that you will find that the grant 
Itself onky extends through a period of six ty years, 
and that it is made to depend upon a provso, that 
this road shall be built and put into operation, 
with locomotives upon it, within six years from 
last July. A failure in this respect works a for- 
feiture of the grant; and. there is a further condi- 
tion, that no part of that grant shall be trans- 
ferred—a transfer to work a forfeiture of au thc 
privileges therein named. 
Now, when tbc committee shall have sur- 
mounted all these difhcult.ies; when they shall 
have become satisfied that this Chiriqui cmnpany 
will and can build this road within five years froin 
July when they shall be satisfied that they 
can inducc-the Government ofCosta Rica to forego 
a forfeiture, by rcason of the transfin• of a portion 
of this grant to a I 
that thcy will still turn back with me for a nu)- 
ment and look at the practicability of the con- 
struction of this road as established by this Stit•- 
vcy. I do not say but that the report shows the 
construction of this road to be entirely practicable; 
but I say this, and bog the House to notc it, that 
this report shows most conclusively that in vari- 
ous places, and in one, instance, for a distance of 
six and a half miles, you cannot reduce the grade 
be10%i two hundred and seventy feet to the mile, 
unless by turmeling through granite rock for a 
diStance of four and a half mites. Unless you rc- 
sortto tunneling, tho averacre grade of the road is 
from two hundred and scveniy to three hundred 
feet per mile. And tl'his grade can only be ob- 
tained by doubling or running back and A 
straight track would give a crrade of five hundred 
feet per mile. T hc report sfiows that there is no 
chancc to lower the grade by increasing the length 
of the road. 
I put the question to the very intelligent cn- 
gineer who Inade this survey, if he kneq.,r of a 
single road, either in this country or Europe, that 
was working upon such a grade? And I under- 
stood him to say he did not; but he belioved that 
the working of such a road was practicable. 
do not know but it is. 
I do not put my opinion 
against the opinions of the gentlemen who make 
this report, but put their opinions acrainst the 
practicc of the whole world; and therefore 1 have 
added to the amendment of the chairman of the 
Committee on Naval Affairs a proviso, to make 
sure that •the experiment of' overcominrr such 
grades shall be a successful one. To show that I 
am not mistaken in regard to this thing, the House 
will indulge me while I refer to the report; because 
I desire to do justice to all parties in reference t.o 
this matter. The gentleman who had charge of 
this commission makes the point—very strangely, 
it appears to me—that one of the grounds of the 
practicability of thiswroad is, that there are some 
capital places for building forts and fortifications 
there. And hc starts out, at page 23 of this report, 
as follows: 
T hc mnuncr in which such road, supposing it to be 
completed and its harbors fortified and garrisoned, w•ould 
add to the defensive strength of the United States and in- 
crease the cohesion between its Pacific and. eastern divis- 
ions, and the fzcilities för aggre±ive warfare, in either 
hemisphere, that it would afford them, and the general con- 
trol over the entire western '-continent, which they would 
be in a position to acquire, are pOints which bear on the 
question of practicability." 
It may be so. f do not know how extensive 
If we are to buy the whole right 
this thing is. 
of aggressive warfare, and the entire control of 
the western continent, with all the other advant- 
ages of the Chiriqui company, for $300,000, I 
should consider it exceedingly cheap, when we 
have fairly entered upon that kind of speculation. 
But, when our own Government is breaking under 
our feet, and when the Treasury is bankrupt, I 
submit, Mr. Chairman, that these dreams are a 
little wild in regard to buying all the rest of crea- 
tion, unless we buy it for the purpose of moving 
out of this country into another. 
Now, sir, in regard to the grade. 
I shall dis- 
miss from the di.écussion this question of forts and 
fortifications. 
I am unable to see how the ques- 
tion of fortifications, and of aggressivc warfare, 
has anything to do ',vith the matter of grades, and 
shall therefore procccd at onco to consider the 
character of the country through which this rail- 
road is proposed to be built. 
I read, again, from 
pages 6 and 7, in the report. 
In attempting to im part a general idea of the topograph- 
ical features of tbc country, I find it contributes to perspi- 
i cuity to mingle with the description some theoretical views 
• in regard to its fonnation. It would 9ppear that, at. an 
epoch not very remote, geologically speaking, tbc chain of 
Inountains which forms the backbone of this point of Cen- 
tral America was upheaved froin bcnaath tho water level, 
and that the Isthmus of Cbiriqui at first consisted sirnply 
of tho great longitudinal ridge with its offshoots or spurs, 
whose rocky sides rose out of the sea, with no interveninø 
plain or swamp between their base and doep water. 
central ridge has agencral direction of nearly east and west; 
it seenis to bc formed of a succcssion of cones or peaks, 
ft•onu cach 01' which radiate spu rs likewise furnished with 
their secondary offshoots. 
IVhere these interitre. witliO.ach 
ot.ber, there results a complication of ravines and preci- 
pices that defies description; but at two or three points the 
systeln arranged with sonjc regularity, aud thc country, 
though wild, not itnpracticable. ridges are: through- 
out, exceedingly sharp; on those of the niain spurs there. is 
seldmn more roorn than is needed fur The double track of a 
railroad, svllile on the secondary ones there often hardly 
width cnougll for a pathway för {Oot travelers." 
I cite this, ME'. Chairman, for the purpose of 
showing the utter impossibility, as appears 
the report, of getting over the difficulty of these 
grades by increasing the length of your track. 
You must. either takc these grades as you find 
them on thc survey, or you rn ust tunnel througl-z 
the naoun tain, or abandon the railroad scheme. 
'1' hcre is no way to avoid {.hcsc (lifiicultics. 
Mr. ALDRICH. May ask a 
Mr. POTTLE. 
Mr. ALDRICH. The yesterday 
that the gentleman from Minnesota was out of 
I rise for the purpose of inquiring if it is 
i-n order for the Chair to read vv'hi\e the gentleman 
from Newp York is addressing the committee ? 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it cer- 
tainly is. 
The gentleman from New York will 
Mr. POTTLE. ff gentleman from Min- 
nesota will give mo. his attention, I will checrful!y 
excuse the inattention of lhc Chair. 
We have, at the very starting point on the Pa- 
cific side, from twelve to twenty miles where the 
land is nacre oozy mud. There the track would 
have to be on piles, and any one who 
is even slightly acquainted with railroad opera- 
tions knows how expensive such a track would 
be. Passing from that, the report says: 
Froin this point the savanna has a natural average as- 
cent of a bundred and ninety-five foet to thc mile for threc 
and a quarter rnilcs, namely: to the stone wall bounding Dorl 
Lorenzo's larid, marked station eight on the profile between 
the latter point and Illc hacienda, anothcr distance of three 
and a qnm•ter miles, (if the brink of the Caldera canon is I 
fölEowcd,) the rise is two hundred and sixty-two feet per 
mile; from the hacienda the line Wii' be laid along the con- 
tinuation of the savanna at the base of the volcano, cross- 
ing a ravine in its course, a distance of four 
and a halt' 
miles, when it arrivcs opposite the foot, of fhe valley which 
descends on the opposite side of the Caldera cation from 
the pass the grade on this division is a hundred and t'orty 
two it'.et per Inilc. It should be retnarked that, as a higller 
level is reached on the savannas, they becomc more undu- 
lating and broken, and t.heir declivity the lesser 
grade on the last-rneutioncd part. of' the line heinrr due to 
the fact of the savanna being crossed obliquely to its great- 
est slope, and rather in a trailsverse than longitudinal direc- 
tion. 'I'herc is, however. no doubt as to the practicability 
of laying a track on any part of the savannas, or in regard 
to the line reaching the Caldera crossint' without any un- 
tt.sual dißicu!tics ; the steepness of the, grade between sta- 
tion eight and the hacienda cannot bc avoided, on account 
of the savanna being confined within the two cafions so as 
to prevent a development of the line, but this grade is not 
higher than others which are etiually necOssit&ted beyond, 
and which, it will be seen, are to be regarded as not excess- 
ive or beyond the limits of advantageous working. 
From the Ia±å-mentioned station, the line has to be 
crossed over the Caldera canon on a trestle-work-viaduct; 
it- then enters the valley at whose head is the pass, and can•• 
not ascend to the latter on an average grade Icss than that 
of the axis of the valley, which is two hundred and ninety- 
one feet per mile, uuless resort is had to some other expe- 
dient to gain length of line than any geueraliy used in rafl- 
roading. Winding up the surnmit on ordinary grades is 
almost prccluded on account of the declivity, not only 
JekylPs river, which drains the valley, but of all the streams 
in the tract between the canon and the summit, being greater 
than the limit. of such grades. -As this difficulty is n-net with 
in a much greater degree beyond the summit in thc tract 
which is conrprenended between the watershed and the 
linc parallel to it, ånd about twelve miles fron'l it, it will be 
well to discuss it in connection with both these portions of 
the road. For the present it-will suffice. to state that the 
track on this, the upper six and a half' miles of the Pacific 
slope can be located on a grade of not over two hutldt•ed 
and ninety feet to the 1Mife, and that such grade will con- 
forrn to the higher grades on the other slope, so that the 
same enøincs and trains can be worked without chan«es 
over thc coutiguous portions of both slopes; and that, as it 
can be shown that sueh grade is within the limits of prac- 
ticabillty and profitable working, there is no necessity for 
rcsortin" to any expediel)ts, much less unusual ones Or of 
doubtful advantage, to gain length of line in order to dimin- 
ish thc grade. 
Here is a grade unknown to modern railroads, 
which cannot possibly be avoided; but it is stated 
in the report that there are other grades much 
higher. The idea of building a road with such 
grades, as a freight road, I regard as the veriest 
cbimcra of the brain. Yet the engineer says that 
that is nothing to the next grade, and that, he 
is to be considered as practicable," and 
says, 
within the line of advantageous working. Well, 
we will pass on from this. What next ? 
There is a remarkable traasition between the upper por- 
tion of' the Pacific slope, which subsides in the pass to a 
dead level, and the contiouous part of the Atlantic slope. 
The strearn which flows into Chiriqui lagoon, aut of the 
swamp at the summit, descends at first with a declivity 
which averages one thousand and fifty-five feet per mile, 
and :nceting the chief branch of the Culebra continues down 
to the fbvks of that river with an average fall of three hun- 
dred and 'Orty-seven feet to the mile ; the whole descent, 
in seven and a quarter miles, being [Our thousand two hun- 
dred and nine fcct, or five hundred and eighty feet per milo 
on an average, on the shortest natural valley line between 
In this tract of country it would 
the sannni!. and the forks. 
probably bc ncceesary, in order to locate a linc of ordinary 
grade—sav not over one hu n d red and eiaht.y feet f.o the mile— 
to resort io the expedient which was originally, I believe, 
practiced by Mr. Latrobc on the temporary track first laid 
on tho Balthnore and Ohio railroad, namely: of 
"I'he chief diflieulty of 
the linc on the sides of the valley. 
this plan lics at. the turns, wherc it is proposed by European 
eurriuecrs to tunnel into the side slope on a short curve 
which sbail bring out the track at a higher level than it 
cntered." 
[Here the hammer fell.] 
Mr. STANTON. I may desire to say a word 
or two in regard to this subject before it is dis- 
posed of; but in the absence o? the chairman of the 
special committcc of thirty-three, I desire now, for 
the benefit of some gentlemen who wish to speak 
to the special order to-day, to move that the com- 
mittec rise. 
Mr. POTTLE. Will the gentleman way 
to me for a few minutes, that I may conclude my 
remarks ? 
Mr. STANTON. Certainly. 
Mr. POTTLE. 1 not trespass on the pa- 
tience of the I-louse more than a few minutes. 
was entirely unaware of the length of time I had 
consurned by these rambling remarks. 
I wish, 
in conclusion, to say that I had not 
reached the tunnel through the mountain of i'QCk 
of four and a half' miles. I had just begun to con- 
sider the difficulty of the grades w hon my time 
expired. But I shall leave. all this to be. consid- 
ered, as I know it will be, by those who ate much 
more• competent to present these facts to tho 
House. What I wish to say in conclusion is this, 
and only this: I have no disposition to do injus- 
tice to this Ch iriqui company, or to any person con- 
cerned in this contract; and still less have I, as a 
Representative of this Government, any disposi- 
tion to do injustice to the Government whose in- 
tcrests are, in part, placed in my charge. 
lieve this railroad to be utterly Impracticable, if 
tberc were any grant. for it, and I do not believe 
there isagrant; and if' there. be a grant, and if the 
road be practicab}e, I know that thc very tcrms 
of the grant preclude the transferring of any of 
its privileges to others. I hope, sir, thåt, however 
may différ on the general merits of this ease 
with the committee or the House, when this ques- 
tion shall come into the House, members will, at' 
least, feel disl)osed to sustain the reasonable pra- 
, viso which have attached as an amendment to 
