06 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 1, 
duricy which we thwS' provide for the present will 
guar_anty us no indemnity for the future'. The 
civilized world, our own self-respect, our Fros- 
perity and future stability, are all interested in 
that preliminary question, Assert your nation- 
ality, and Ict-the Government show itself strong 
enough to resist insurrection at home, as well 
defe'nd itself against aggression frorn abroad. Do 
these thiiogs, as it is your sworn duty to do, and 
I will meet the loyal men of the South in theif pro- 
posed measures of adjustment fully half way, To 
disloyal men have no terms Compromise to 
Offer. They advance, and I will 
not humiliate myself tö that degree. They have 
richly earned Nth8 hälter and the gibbet; and if 
they ever receive tbéir- deserts, they will be pun- 
ished with the utmost rigor of the law. 
It is far-from my purpose to increase theirriiation 
pfevailing here and elsewhere. It is not befitting 
the dignity of the argument, nor the place in which 
I am privileged to speak. Much of the peril which 
surrounds us grows out of exasperated feeling; 
and while insisting Oh the maintenance of Fed- 
eral authority, and the enforcement of Federal 
laws, I seek to inculcate moderation, and to in- 
vite the States and people who continue loyal to 
théir constitutional duties, to measures of concil- 
iation and peace. The. stubborn fact confronts 
us -that disaffection is rapidly spreading in the 
border slave States, and threatens to overwhelm 
otherwise loyal communities. The practical ques- 
tion, regardless of inquiries into the causes of dif- 
ficulty, comes home to every public man who is 
charged with responsibility, whether anything 
can and ought to be done, and that speedily, to 
stay :the tide of rebellion, and check the current 
of treason, by strengthening the hands and nerv- 
ing the hearts of the true and loyal men in those 
States. The importancc of meeting this inquiry 
in a spirit of fairness and conciliation cannot be 
exaggerated. On its decision may depend the 
destinies of the Republic. 
On this subject my views have been formed 
with some deliberation; and I cxprcss them with 
diffdenc.e. They differ, in some respects, from 
those held by political associates, for whom, per- 
sonallyel have regard, and for whose opinions I 
cherish respect. 
The distmguished Senator from New York, 
[Mr. SEWARD,] in •his late able speech, said with 
emphasis and propriety, " Republicanism, De- 
mocracy, and every other political name, orthing, 
are all subordinate and ought to disappear in thc 
presence of the great question of the Union." 
This counsel may be pondered with profit 'by 
such partisans as place party platforms above 
If I were disposed to treat 
constitutional duties. 
this discussion simply in the way of partisan. 
ship, I would counsel an acquiescence in the policy 
here indicated; for am persuaded that the people 
at large, of all party attachments, who have to 
bear the brunt of the distractions in the country, 
who will be expected to carry thc musket in casc 
of actual collision, and who are now unable, to 
find employment for their willing hands, will not 
hold that political party and those public njcn 
guiltless, who arc obstinately bent on defeat.ing all 
" Peace hath her vic- 
measures of adjustment. 
tories, no less renowned than war;" and if revo- 
lution and civil *vvar are indeed at our very doors, 
let them not be precipitated ui.)on us until t.he con- 
viction is clear, and justified before God and the 
civilized world, that the necessity for it is inevi- 
table. Then, our people will rneet it with reso- 
lution and firmness, as our fathers met the clash 
of resounding arms in the days that tried men 's 
souls as in a furnace of consuming fire. 
In that 
dread extremity, those who bluster loudest now 
will prove themselves arrant cowards. The brag- 
gart will neither shoulder a musket nor wield a 
sword! The Duke of Wellington, in justification 
of the concessions which he was willing at one pe- 
riod of his eventful lifö, to make in order to avoid 
intestine cornmotions, said : " If could avoid, 
by any sacrifice whatever, civil war in the coun- 
try to which I am attached, I would give my 
These noble sentiments commend them- 
selves to truly brave men in this emergency. 
n my .jv.dcrment., the Republican party can well 
afford to meet the propositions submilted to this 
Congress bv the border State rnembers, in a lib- 
eral and conciliatory spirit. These States are 
'IXheir Representatives, in good 
Union-loving. 
part, are endeavoring by every honorable appli- 
ance, to resist the aims and purposes of the se- 
cession movement. They are loyål to the Con- 
stitution. and they are faithful to the Union . 
Will we, who represent the great North, encour- 
age them to stand by their present proud, though 
critical position; or•will we by indifference, if not 
actual opposition, allow them to be submerged by 
the rolling wave of disunion? 
reply to this inquiry, I have been told by 
ublicans, in and out of Congress, that all com- 
promises were finåliy ended, and that the day for 
I do not subscribe to any 
concession was over. 
such narrow and illiberal doctrine. Our whole 
system of government was founded, and continues 
to rest, on the opposite theory. If compromise 
established, why may not compromise preserve, 
the Constitution? When Washington presented 
that matchless instrument to Congress, he accom- 
panied it with the remark, that it was " the result 
of a spirit of amity and of mutual concession, 
which the peculiarity of our political situation 
rendered indispensable." Arc wc wiser, purer, 
better, than were the patriotic men who framed 
out' institutions? Widely different as the habits, 
institutions, and modes of life of the American 
people then were, and continue to be, it is evident 
that contrariety of opinion, and differences of ail 
kinds, must ever be expected to prevail through- 
out the country. The patriotic and prudent states- 
man will accommodate his legislation to these in- 
evitable necessities, and view them from a stand- 
point which will embrace all the States, and havc 
regard to the common brotherhood of all the peo- 
pie. For seventy years avnd upwards this Gov- 
ernment has maintained itself in the affections and 
respect of the people; and although there have 
been stormy periods in our history, there were in 
every peril patriotic men found who rose superior 
to the paltry instincts of locality and partisanship. 
So I hope it may be again, in this the darkest 
hour of our hisL0t•y. 
The instincts of Pennsylvania prompt to pacific 
counsels and moderation. The foundations of the 
old Commonwealth were laid deep and enduring 
on the basis of peace arid good will. Her whole 
history has been in keeping with the 
event which marked her treaty with the aborigines 
beneath the spreading elm at Shackamaxon. As 
she is geographically central, so is her policy con- 
servative and just. She will mediate with and be- 
tween contending States and sentiments, and will 
not sacrifice the great interests ofa common coun- 
try to vain abstractions or idle theories. 
I repeat, we can afford to meet the border States 
in a conciliatory spirit. The resources of our 
section arc far greater than are those of their sec- 
tion. The flood ofemigration from the free States, 
joined to that from abroad, is rapidly overflowing 
the broad territories which lie beyond the Mis- 
sissippi, and the question of territorial governe 
ment is practically settled in favor of free labor. 
'WV c arc about inaucruratincr an •Administration 
which, to say the least, wiil. sec that fair play is 
'shown to frce-Statc men in the organization and 
movcrnment of the Territories. Washington and 
Nebraska, and various others, will soon knock 
at our doors for admission as free States. Kan- 
sas—her garments dripping with the blood of her 
slaughtered rnartyrs, and her constitution free 
from the blot of slavery—long a suppliant, has 
been admitted. Her star now blazes on the na- 
tiohal ensign, and justice, long defön•ed, has been 
done to her liberty-loving yeomanry. We are 
also on the threshold of the inauguration of the 
homestead policy, which will secure the free labor- 
incr men their proper advantages in their conflict 
with the privations of frontier life. 
It carries on 
its face an ample guarantee that the prairies of the 
furthest West will soon be converted into smiling 
gardens, in which happy homes will be reared, 
and contentment will abound. 'I*he passage of the 
Pacific railroad bill cannot be delayed much longer; 
and it witl prove the dawn of a new era, the be- 
•inning of an advancing civilization, which will 
strengthen with bands of iron the Federal Union, 
build cities along its line, delve in the mountains 
through which it will pass for mineral treasures, 
and make vocal the whole land with its songs of 
labor and its hum of industry. To crown ail, and 
better than all, the Morrill tariff bill is on the eve 
of its passage. In its recognition of the principle •l 
of protection to the suffering industrial interests 
of the country, I look with confidence as a meas- 
ure of peace. Your Treasury is bankrupt, and 
increased revenues are indispensable to the opera- 
tions of the Government. Your industry is pros- 
trate, and your operatives are out of employ. This 
measure will bring relief, and that speedily, 
All these measures and prospects await us in • 
the near (uture. Ait we need to make thern avail- 
able for the prosperity of the country is the resto- 
ration of peace and the continuance of the Federal 
Union. 
Any party that sets itself up obstinately against 
any and all propositions which make for peace, 
will go down before the indignation of an aroused 
people. •It is the duty of Republicans to give such 
propositions a candid consideration. Not to do 
so is virtually to disband the' Republican organi- 
zation in Pennsylvania, whatever may be its fate 
elsewhere. Before Mr. Lincoln is inaugurated, 
this District will be the theater of commotion, and 
it may be, of violence; unless, before that time, 
we can break the back of secession in Maryland 
and Virginia. To encourage and sustain the 
Union-loving men of those States seems to me to 
be a solemn duty—a work of patriotism. coun- 
sel them to stand fast. The loyal men of Penn- 
sylvania will lock shields with them; and the bor- 
der States, slave and free, will say to the extreme 
North and the extreme South: " thus far, and no 
further ! " 
Sir, I deprecate changes of any kind, or for 
any purpose, in the organic lawr of our country. 
Nothing butan inevitable necessity will constrain 
mc to yield to them. It is a dangerous expediency 
to tamper with the Constitution. Once open the 
door, and fools will speedily rush in where angels 
fear to tread. Better far the gradual amendments 
of time and construction than sudden and great 
It is by this safe process of innovation 
changes. 
that the British constitution has been graduaHy 
modified and molded to correspond to the growth 
of the kingdom and the expanded thought of the 
people ; and by this combined process of resistance, 
and yielding to change, it has preserved itself. 
This country has been safe under the Constitution. 
It and the Union, I repeat, are the only defense left 
for slavery in the civilized world. Those who, 
for the sake of slavery, are now endeavoring to 
destroy the Union and the Constitution, in my 
judgment, have 
Eaten of the insane root 
That takes the reason prisoner." 
And now to come to the apple of discord—the 
territorial question. Practically, the border States 
can have small interest in its final settlement. 
They have no population to spare, and are more 
nearly concerned in the other aspects presented 
by the existence of slavery in their midst. The 
Nort.h claim the right to exclude slavery from the 
Territories. It claims this right on constitutional 
and moral grounds, because Congress has supreme 
power over the Territories, and, as slavery is an 
evil, that power ought to be exerted to keep it 
forever out of any region over which the General 
Government has jurisdiction. On the other hand, 
the South says that thc Territories are thc national 
domain, and as such belong equally to citizens 
North and South; that southern men have prop- 
erty in their slaves, and therefore it is the duty of 
Congress to grant them the protection of the Gen- 
era! Government. While it is an utter fallacy to 
recoffnize this right of protection , inasmuch as sla- 
very is simply a local institution, relying solely 
upon the local law for its existence as well as its 
protection, I do not propose to enter upon the ar- 
gument'in detail. It is sumcient to say that these 
views are diametrically opposite. 
In times of great peril, arising from conflict of 
opinion and interest, there is usually a happy 
medium in which all well-disposed men can rneet. 
The Missouri line was that happy medium, and 
gave peace to the country. It was a pledge of 
peace, a compact of brotherhood, a bond of Union. 
It said to our fendw-citizens, North and South, 
the country is vast, and it is all ours. Let us 
cultivate it; render it habitable; clothe its desert 
places with harvests, and make its wilderness 
laugh with joy. Let us build up here, in these 
boundless regions, a great empire of peace and of 
liberty for our own and our children 's children; 
for an example to struggling nationalities abroad: 
for the honor of humanity, and the glory of God 
No change has taken place in the condition of 
the Territories since the adjustment of 1850, ex- 
cept that passed at the instance of the slave States 
in 1854, which repealed the Missouri compromise. 
