1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Under the operation of that line the country had 
prospered and lived peacefully for upwards of 
thirty years. It was canonized in the hearts and 
affections of the people, and it was an act of polit- 
ical madness to repeal it. The dictum of the Su- 
preme Court pronounced it unconstitutional; and 
whenever the question comes up in a regular way, 
there is no room for doubt but that it will be re- 
iterated in regular form. Under that decision, 
the South contended for the right to carry slaves, 
and have them protected, into all the Territo- 
fies of the United States. A great party arose, in 
1854, to contest that right, and to hmit the South 
to the Territories south of 360 30', and thus vir- 
tually to restore the operation, and to hold them 
to the compromise of the Missouri line. Now, 
if we, in this exigency, do what the Republican 
pasty in its origin proposed to do—take the ex- 
tension and renewal of that line as the basis of 
settlement—in whose mouth does it lie to say 
nay? What Territory is affected by such a basis 
of settlement? All the territory north of the com- 
promise line, comprising nine hundred thousand 
square miles, is already secured to free labor 
despite the dicttun of the Supreme Court, the 
lasvs of Congress, and the •machinations of politi- 
cians. There isa broad expanse of territory lying 
west of Arkansas, which is secured to certain ln- 
dian tribes by treaty stipulations. They have 
been removed there from their former homes east 
Of the Mississippi, and are protected in its pos- 
session. It is all that is left to the descendants of 
the aborigines of North America; and no man 
Will be base enough to disturb their right to it. 
All that is left, then, about which there is room 
for dispute, so long as wc retain our present bound- 
aries, is the ' rerritory lying south of Kansas and 
Utah, extending to the Mexican frontier. This 
is known as New Mexico. It contains about two 
hundred thousand square miles. The question 
upon which the permanence of• our Government 
hlngcs to-day seems to be, what shall be the future 
condition of this Territory? In his great speech 
in the Senate, Mr. SEWARD says: 
I)ifferent forms of labor, if slavery is not perverted to 
purposes of political aml)ition. need not constitUte an ele- 
ment of strife in the Confederacy." 
The restoration of peace and the stability of 
our free institutions would, then, seem to present 
considerations of paramount importance to the' 
sol u lion even of this question. 
But, in addition to the Senator's suggestion, thc 
present status of New Mexico must be taken into 
consideration. By the terms of her territorial 
act she is privileged to frame her domestic insti- 
tutions in her own way, so that they are not in- 
consistent with the Constitution of the United 
States, Whatever institutions, therefore, now 
exist there, are there independent of any acti011 
taken by us. Nominally, the Territory has sla- 
very in existence; and the census returns show 
that there were, last year, one neo•ro man and 
Its 
eleven negro women held to service there. 
spread seerns impossil)le. God and nature have 
placed barriers to its increase. High mountain 
their summits covered with 
ranges traverse It— 
perpetual Gnow. Attificial irrigation will be re- 
quired to cultivate the valleys, for the, rivers run 
dry in summer. The committee of thirty-three 
propose to cut the Gordian knot of our difficul- 
ties by adrnitting this Territory as a State at once, 
and allowing the inhabitants thereof, in accordan ce 
with the letter and spirit of their territorial organ- 
ization, in 1850, to form their constitutiofffree or 
I am not inclined to resist forever, and to 
slave. 
the extrerrjity of breaking up the Confederacy, 
her admission if she comes in regular form, with 
republican institutions, simply bccause her peo- 
ple, in a legal and constitutional way, indicate 
their preference for one kind of labor to another, 
It is their business, not mine. 
To increase the diffculties in the way of an 
honorable adjustment of the perils which threaten 
us, we have to combat that most hateful power 
in a free country—a fanatical party spirit. The 
madness of an irresponsible partisanship holds us 
in its grasp; and this portentous sign hangs over 
us like a fiery sword in the heavens, terrible to of being a compromise, and settling the vexed 
behold. Although not one member of the 'Illiirty- question, such a provision would prove a fount- 
. ain of bitter waters, forever lead to fillibustering 
Sixth Congress was chosen to fill a seat here with 
reference to the exigency on which we have fallen, Corays on neighboring territory, and rcnew the 
warfare now raging so fiercely. In 1810 Mexico 
a sornewhat general feeling seems to pervade us, 
that we must measure our words and square our abolished slavery; and if it be our manifest destiny, 
I undertake to say as some contend, to absorb and annex that Coun 
action by party platforms. 
try,- I will not a-greeyin blighti€ With 
that if the people had an opportunity to act for 
themselves m this emergency, the skies would at 
slavery. 
once be found growing clear and bright above us. 
If all efforts at compromise fail, Ifeel 'inclined 
Their verdict would be overwhelmingly in favor of 
to support a proposition to 
its peaceful and speedy solution; and any party or 
troversy to the people. As have already<gaid, 
platform that stands in the way of such a settle- 
we were not elected in view Of the present 
ment would sink to that lower deep whence no 
gency; and if we fail to meet it, let the -people— 
hand of resurrection would reach them. But here 
the source of all power—make the final- decision, 
is one source of the trouble. The people cannot 
In this respect, I adopt the language ofihe Pregn 
ident elect: 
be heard, and have no power to make themselves 
felt. We arc bound hand and foot to the tyranny 
If the •people desire to ball 'a conven'ti01i toremove-any 
of party. All things are viewed from partisan 
grievances complained of, or -to give new guarantees for 
the permanence of vested rights, it Is mot mine-to Oppose." 
stand-points, and through party optics. The 
Honest and true; his genial •heart embraces.hrs 
power of the people will not be felt until the ballot 
whole country. And whatever the -madness of 
boxes again open and send forth their loud thun- 
the hour may suggest, we may be assured that, 
ders. Then, I predict that vengeance, ample and 
having been inaugurated, he will be President of 
sufficient, will be taken on the public men and 
the United States, and will sec that from our flag 
the parties that assume the responsibility of rc- 
no star shall fall; and, by his wise and firm ad- 
jecting all offers of adjustment, all propositions for 
ministration , will satisfythe country. and the world 
honorable compromise. 
that, while the Republican par-ty are -devoted 'to 
I have heard a good deal said about the Chicago 
" Union and liberty, one and indiviSible,3S they 
platform. Our past experience has given me no 
are no less devoted to the sovereigntY'0f the States 
great respect for party platforms made in the tu- 
—to the maintenance of all the righ tS0fthe feeblest 
mull of a crowded convention. I do not know 
sovereign ty. 
of anything in the materials or the mode of con- 
Let us resolve, so far as we are concerned—as 
struction ot' thc onc built at Chicago that entitles 
Webster resolved in the commencement of, his 
It is, doubt- 
it to more than the ordinary respect. 
negotiation with Ashburton—-that the controversy 
less, in the main, an exposition of correét prin- 
must have a peaceful solution. There is no suf- 
ciples; but there are features in it from which I 
ficient reason for a contrary result. No State has 
dissented before the people, and '.vhich I might 
more at stake than Pennsylvania; and yet, such 
expatiate upon here, if it were necessary to my 
is the tyrannical course of events, that before her 
I forbear, and content myself with re- 
purpose. 
people are conscious of the fact, she may be forced 
"Lhe 
marking that I formerly stood squarely 0"! 
into hostikc array against the Stateson her south' 
platform, " when the present platform-worshipers 
ern border. The tide of events, if not arrested by 
spat upon it to show their utter contempt for 
some healing compromise, will carry those States 
such " an institution ! " Not one man in a thou- 
into the secession current, and we shall assume 
sand read your Chicaæo platform. It did not 
toward each other the attitude of belligerent and 
decide the election. Tl-iere never had been a dis- 
hostile parties. This, not from any quarrel be- 
tinct Republican State orcranization in Pennsyl 
tween ourselves, but in subserviency to a com- 
vania; and her electoral vote was controlled by 
paratively remote and abstract interest. The Gulf 
other questions and interests besides the general 
States may conveniently defy New England, and 
one of slavery extension. The Democratic party 
New England may in turn hurl back defiance. 
was divided; the rank and file were disgusted 
Their war cry is cheaply uttered. They tbe 
with the rascalities of the present Administration, 
blustering, while the middle States are expected 
and were anxious for any change. The masses 
to furnish the battle-grounds. Are we in Penn- 
of all parties looked forward to a change in the rcv- 
sylvania willing to play the part assigned to us 
enue potic.y oftheGovernment which would rec,cv- 
in any such drama? With the case fäirly pre- 
nize the industrial interests of our State, und had 
E sented to them, the people answer with over- 
unbounded confidence in the honesty and eminent 
whehning unanimity in the negative. They are 
fitness of Abraham Lincoln for the presidential 
weary of fine-spun -theories, and look for patriotic 
offce 
In my judgmént, they are ready -and 
action. 
I know very well that there isa large and influ- 
willing to assent to a fair and reasonable compro-- 
ential element ill the country which is adverse to 
mise, which will enable the border slave States to 
ail and every proposition which looks to concilia- 
throttle, in the Union the monster of secession, 
tion, even with the border as well as the scccding 
States. That clement desires the overthrow of before he succeeds in enfolding them in his deadly 
coils. The gulf that yawns upon us is not so 
the institution of slavery in the States, regardless 
Widc that it cannot bc spanned by conciliation, 
of constitutional provisions. There are, to-day, 
nor yet so deep that it cannot be fathomed by 
men in New England and Sout.h Carolina who 
mutual forbearance. 
arc affliatincr in their actions, if not in their Ino- 
I was reared to regard all Americans as my 
tives, to prevent the consummation of any adjust- 
breth ten, and the Union as a sacred degacy held 
ment here or elsewhere. They dread nothing so 
in trust for your children and minc. No man can 
much as kind words. They rejoice in the fi_llfill- 
be false to it without being false to his kindred, 
ment of their long-cherished purposes. Pennsyl- 
his country, and his God. Let no such man be 
vania repudiates these extrcme men and opinions, 
trusted. He is fit for treasons, stratagems, and 
and will stand by the compact, with all Its com- 
spoils. Destroy it, and the goddess •of Liberty 
promises and in all its parts. 
will desert your temple, or linger in it only to die 
Afl your legislation is founded on compromises. 
with the expiring fires upon her altars. Destroy 
Every concession, every amendment, every modi- 
it, and the starry flag under which our fathers 
fication, is a compromise; and if you resorted 
fough t thc l)attles of freedom becomes the winding- 
to the dread arbiter of civil war to settle your 
sheet of all our glorious memories in the past, our 
diffculties, you would finally come to a compro- 
prosperity in the present, and our hopes in the 
mise. When your thirst for blood has been sur- 
future. 
feited, you must finaliy treat, necrotiate, yield 
Men of Kentucky, your leader in this great 
something, and agreo to something; which some- 
crisis has come down to us from a former genera- 
thing will be a compromise. I do not mean now 
tion. His hair is snowy with age; his limbs are 
to argue any of the various propositions pending 
enfeebled with long servicc in our country 's cause. 
in the Senate and House, nor to commit myseif 
In the order of nature, he will soon be gathered 
entircly to either of them. My purpose is chiefly 
to his filthers. His will be a glorious end; 
to avow my willingness to come to some fair un- 
derstanding with the loyal men of the South, as 
For none can claim a name so proud 
As he whose flag becomes his shroud ! 
well as to announce my determination to see the 
He is the last of his school; that school of pa- 
laws executed on the disloyal. 
triotsNhich t.hc Whig party gave to tho country. 
Rut I may as well, in this connection, state an 
He is worthy to wear the mantle of the immortal 
I insuperable objection to the annexation of morc 
Clay; and a higher compliment, a more fitting 
territory, and the positive establishment of sla- 
eulogy, it is not in the power of man to pronounce. 
Instead 
very there by constitutional provision. 
Stand bv him in his last and greatest effort for the 
peace Union of his whole country. Your 
gallant State cheers you on in the good work. We 
wili meet you half way in the spirit which ani- 
mates hitn, and success must crown our united 
efforts for the restoration of peace and good will. 
- I Men •of Maryland, you are thesentinels guarding 
