too 
orable Senator. from New Hampshire; the sub- 
ject was only brought to my notice this morning; 
but his statementis so defective, in my judgment, 
that itis right-and proper,- even before this reso- 
-lutiön is reförred,' that I' •should correct it in one 
respect. The correction is-due to the ofiicer of 
your body. 
The Senate of the United States, after making 
its order- in this cage for the paymentof construct- 
ive mileage—that is all that it was—had-the grace 
not to violate the law too openly, •and placed, as 
an amendment on an, appropriation bill, a clause 
providing forthe:appropriation of the amount of 
the order. The HouÉe of Representatives rejected 
that amendffént,- and the Senate receded from it. 
That action called upon the offcer to be cautious; 
.nd he went before the Comptroller under those 
ei,rcumstances; and the Comptroller, following the 
opinion of the Attorney General in a parallel case, 
told him it was impossible for him to allow it. 
The recession of the Senate from that amendment, 
in my judgment, shows that they did not intend 
that order to be executed without the assent of the 
House of Representatives; and if they did intend 
it to be executed without the assent of the House 
of Representatives, they intended to violate the 
law Of the land; and if one portion of this legisla- 
tive authority, under the claim of the privileges of 
the body, can violate the laws of the land, on what 
basis -is it that you are to expect the individual 
citizen to obey them? Here is the law cited in 
the letter of Mr. Medill. We passed, in conjunc- 
tion with the House of Representatives, this clause 
on the 30th of June, •1858: 
That no part of the appropriations whiCh may be at any 
titne made for contingent expenses of either House of Con- 
gress,- shah be applied to any other than the ordinary ex- 
penditures of the Senate and House of Representatives." 
Mr. President, if onc branch of the Legislature, 
in the face of that law passed by both and sanc- 
tioncd by the President as part of thc law-making 
power, can mako an order of' its own appropriat- 
Ing money out of the Treasui•y of the Unit.cd States 
against law, where is it to end? Is that t11C priv- 
ilege of this body? Is it t.he privilege of the House 
of Representatives? Is it not rather truc that the 
object of the law was to correct that very loose- 
ness which had often characterized our proceed- 
ings here in passing many ofthe resolutions which 
the honorable Senator has cited, and which may 
bc a subject of comment hereafter? In other cases, 
from abuses by either body of the existing law, 
whether in relation to the distribution Of books 
or -other things, we have been calte(l upon to pass 
statutes which would prevent those abuses. 
Now, sir, I can see no ground for the censure 
which this resolution implies on the Secretary of 
the Senate, nor on the Comptroller. The Secre- 
tary has been a faithful officer to you always. 
The passage of this resolution will be a direct vote 
of censure upon your officer. 
It does 110t toucl'i 
the Comptroller; 
the Comptroller has addressed 
no lettct• to you. rr.he Sccretary found that the 
Senate receded from this amendment which it had 
placed on the appropriation bill, for thc purpose 
of satisfying its own order, to which the other 
House objected; and under that state of things, 
the Secretary inquired of the accounting offcer if 
hc could be at liberty, under the existing law, to 
pay thc money. The accountino• officer rcfcrred 
him to the law under which it 'vould be illegal for 
him to pay, and impossible for the accounting 
omcer, consistently with his duty, to allow the 
I do not consider this as any broach 
payment. 
of the privileges of the Senate in any respect. 
know there is a great deal said here which is cal- 
culated to excite sympathy. It is not uncommon, 
where case wili not bear a moment's investiga- 
tion when you come to examine it, to throw in a 
widow, or halfa dozen children, or somethingelse, 
into the case, in order to catch the kindly feelings 
of the Senate, and so use the funds of the Gov- 
ernment directly in the face of the law. Such is 
not my judgment of what is tbG duty of a legis- 
lator. With a man's own private funds, with 
that which belongs to him to dispose of at his will, 
approve of benevolence, charity, and a due re- 
gard for widows and orphans; but standing here 
as a Senator of the United States, cannot agree 
to trive away the money of the people of the United 
States in opposition to the laws of the United States, 
on the ground of the claimant being a widow or 
having orphan children. I hold the principle to be 
unsound In morals Well as in Iéglslätion 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 2, 
I hope the resolution will be referred, and when 
the case comes up, if the committee, instead of 
reporting in of rescinding the resolution, 
which the Senate could not pass of its own mo- 
tion without the assent of the House of Repre- 
sentatives, should report in favor of enforcing this 
order to make the Secretary of the Senate pay 
out of his own pocket money •which the Senate 
chooses to pay as a gratuity—a strange kind of 
charity, indeed—if that should bé the report of 
the committee, I shall beg leave to contest it at 
length. It shall never pass without my protest, 
and such comments and -further investigation of 
the authorities as I think proper to make& It is 
immaterial to 'me whether it is •referred •to one 
committee or another. 
Mr. HALE. 1 did not hear that the Sen- 
ator from Delaware said; but if he said what a 
friend reports him to me as having said, he is 
laboring under a great mistake. This was an 
order peremptory on the face of it. Here is the 
resolution as it passed the Senate. 
I understood 
the Senator to say it was not intended to be paid 
out of the contingent fund: 
"Resoloed, That the Secretary of the Senate be directcd 
to pay, out of the contingent fund of the Senate, to Mrs. 
E. A. Linn, wridow of Hon. Lewis F. Linn, late a Senator 
of the United States from the State of Missouri, the amount 
of mileage at the speciai sessions in 1837 and 1841, not 
received 'by the qe.ceased. 
I take it that is pretty clear as to what the Sen- 
ate intended. Now, sir, as to the legislation which 
has been referred to: have a distinct recollection 
upon it, though I have not the record before me. 
When that resolution was passed, the Secretary, 
as I think•he says in the letter which hc sent to 
the Senate, which I now have before me, declined 
to pay it solely on the ground that that portion of' 
the fund out of which it had to come was ex- 
hausted. He says so now. 'Phat was the reason, 
and the only reason, he assigned for not pay mg 
it then. There was no question of the authority 
of the Senate to pass such an order; but that was 
the reason assigned, and assigned to me verbally; 
for I went to thc Sccretary's offcc and saw him 
and hisclerk under him, and they showed me that 
thc fund was exhausted. Then an appropriation 
was added to the deficiency bill to supply this 
sum, because that fund was exhausted. The Sen- 
ate put it on, and the House stmxck it off; and the 
Senate receded, because, as was stated in debate 
here, and as the honorable gentleman, who was 
then chairman of the Committee on Finance stated, 
if I•am notæxceedingly mistaken in my recollec- 
tion of his remarks, that a refusal to insert it in 
the appropriation bill had nothing to do with re- 
scinding it, or anything of that sort; bat the pro- 
priety of putting it into the deficiency bill was 
what was discussed; and we refrained from put- 
ling it into the deficiency bill. 
While I am up, I will say further, in regard to 
that honorable Senator, for whose opinion In mat- 
tcrs of this sort I have so n-mch respect, that the 
ofiiccu• in charge of this fund, Mr. Fitzpatrick, 
wrote a letter to thc Secretary of the Senate, tell- 
ing him that it was the opinion of the honorable 
Senator from Virginia [Mr. HUNTERI that the 
order was imperative. 
Mr. HUNTER. All 1 can say is, that 1 do 
not recollect those facts. 
I suppose I might have 
said that the Senate had a right, if they chose, to 
pay it out of the contingent fund; but on the pro- 
priety of the claim, am very certain I expressed 
no opinion. 
Mr. HALE. Of course I did not say the Sen- 
ator did. I have not expressed any opinion about 
it. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 may have expressed the 
opinion that the Senate had the right to do it; but 
as to the propriety of it, do not think I ever said 
I thought it proper. 
Mr. HALE. I did not say you ever did, sir; 
nor do I suppose you ever did. But the agree- 
ment of the Senate to recede from their amend- 
ment, according to the suggestion of the House of 
Representatives, was placed on this floor upon 
the express ground of the impropriety of putting 
it into the deficiency bill. 
It was said in that de- 
bate—and so the Globe containing the record of 
the debate will show—that it did not affect the 
order at all. The question was not for legislative 
sanction or disapproval, but upon the propriety 
of putting it into the deficiency bill; that all. 
Mr. HUNTER. As my name has 
i into this matter, I will Bay that I hafe a very in- 
distinct recollection of it; but I find there is a 
positive law on' the subject, and if I gave such •an 
opi n, I could not have seen it, My attention 
has st been called to it: 
That no part of the appropriations which may be at any 
time madq for contingent expenses of either House of Con- 
gress shall bc applied to any other than the ordinary ex- 
penditures of the Senate and House of Representatives." 
It seems to me that that law does cover the case. 
I do not remember the opinion which 1 expressed 
then. I think it probable that I did efpress such 
an opinion as is imputed to me; but I had not 
adverted to that law. 
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, if the Senator 
from New Hampshire had simply permitted his 
resolution and the papers to go •to either of the 
standing committees of the Senate, I should not 
have trespassed on the patience of Senators at 
all. This question has been frequently debated 
in thc Senato since I have been a member of it. 
We have striven arain and again and again, by 
solemn laws enacted by both Houses and signed 
by the President, to prevent exactly what the 
Senator as now attempting to accomplish. Sir, I 
trust that I am as capable of sympathizing x,vith 
the case of Mrs. Linn, or any other widow, as 
any Senator on this floor; but I will not allow an 
appeal to my generosity as an individual to lead 
me into a violation of the laws to which we have 
solemnly and upon deliberation agreed. In the 
first place, this matter itself was before the Sen- 
ate at the last session. The resolution passed 
the Senate in defiance of every safeguard of our 
It is provided in our rules that any res- 
rules. 
olution requiring a payment from the contingent 
fund shall first pass through the Committee to 
Anditand Control the Contiågent Expenses of the 
Senate; and, in the-next place; thatit shall be read 
three times, as a bill. Upon the sugge>lion of a 
Senator that this mileage had been paid to every 
one else, the Senate dispensed with the reference, 
. read the resolution three times, and passed it 
without any debate or discussion. It was after- 
wards discovered that the statement was untrue in 
fact; the Senate erred; that no other Senator had 
received any of' this mileage; and our Secretary 
certifies to us, in his letter, that Mr. Linn received 
all the mileage of any other Senator for both 
those sessions. 
it was discovered last session, 
and I offered a resolution then for the purpose- of 
.having it brought before the Committee to Audit 
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Scn- 
ate, but never could get an opportunity to call it up 
for consideration. Upon the representation of my 
honored friend from Kentucky [Mr. CRITTEN- 
DEN] that persons had advanced a portion of the 
money upon the faith of our resolution, we at- 
tempted to make good our blunder by appropri- 
ating the money, not, as the Senator from New 
Hampshire says, out of the contingent fund, but 
as a direct appropriation of money in the defi- 
cicncy bill, x.vith the distinct declaration all over 
that that should be the end of it. The House of 
Representatives would not agree to it. 
It was 
debated in the House. It was said that the Senate 
had no right to go to the Treasury of the United 
States in order to cover up its own blunder. The 
House refused to agree to it; and it was not paid. 
to the case of the Comptroller. The 
Senator from New Hampshire three times re- 
peated the expression that it was an impertinent 
interference. Sir, if there be any impertinence, it 
is that of attacking a man behind his back. What 
is his duty by the laws of the land? To audit the 
accounts of the Secretary of the Senate. He can- 
not escape from it. The Secretary applies to him 
to know whether, if he pays the money under this 
resolu lion , 
it shall be credited in his account 
What says the Comptroller? " Sir, I cannot credit 
it under the law of the land; I am forbidden to 
credit it." Why, sir, a discussion arose between 
us and the House of Representatives in a precisely 
similar case, when they undertook to charge upon 
their contingent fund an expenditure to which we 
had refused to asrree. There were four confer- 
ences between the Senate and' the House on that 
question. I knowl was put on the third one my- 
self, and, I think, my friend from Vermont, and 
one of the Senators from Louisiana, not present, 
were with me. I proposed, asa compromise, that 
we should increase the contin.5ént fund of the 
House, and let them go in peace; hut when we 
came back and reported that proposition to the 
Senate, the Senate instructed its to go bae-k mid 
