THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
T MIRTY-SIXTII CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
cal necessities, and anticipating the wants which 
will evidently come upon them the ensuing sea- 
son. That is a reasork why I ask, in somewhat an 
importunate manner, that the undoubted amount 
due them shall be appropriated now, leaving for 
future consideration all that has ever been ques- 
tioned. 
With this brief explanation, arising out of con- 
siderations which were not applicable to the case 
at the _last session, I do not consider it necessary 
to go into the merits of the claim—a kind of dis- 
cussion which is more apt to complicate and mis- 
lead than to enlighten the Senate. Every Senator 
knows that what- we ask for here, is asked for to 
be paid in a mode least inconvenient to the Gov- 
ernment, by which the Choctaws alone lose, and 
it is asked for as an amount that no one ques- 
tions, and no Senator has ever disputed. The 
most strenuous opponents of the claim have al- 
ways admitted that what is asked in the amend- 
ment is strictly and legitimately duc. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suppose it will be.of 
no use to raise a question of order on this amend- 
ment, as the chairrnan of the Committee on Fi- 
nance [Mr. HUNTER] last year did not deem that 
he could do it; and I believe he was in the habit 
of raising questions of order on every thing which 
he thought did not come strictly within the rules. 
Therefore 1 shall not attempt. to do that; bat I wish 
to say, from the little examination—and adnlil 
the somewhat inconsiderable examination L have 
given it—I am opposed to paying anything in 
the present state of things, undor this Choctaw 
treaty and the subsequent, action of the Senate 
thereon. 
The Senator from Arkansas says that this 
amendment only provides for so much as is un- 
disputed. Now, sir, taking the action of the Senate 
two years ago to have been an understanding, sen- 
Sible action; supposing the Senate perfectly knew 
what it was about at that time, and did not suffer 
itself, by its own inattention, to be misled into 
professing to do something which it did not do— 
it might be very true that nobody could object to 
this amount of n'loney being paid. But, sir, last 
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1861. 
markable treaties; but that is the ground on 
which it is put. 
Under these circumsta.nces, that being so, and it 
continuina•alongfrom 1830 to 1855, and there being 
undoubteäly soLne infract,ions of the treaty—I do 
not know how great—in 1855 a new treaty was 
made, by which it. was agreed that the whole mat- 
ter should be lcft to the Senate of the United States 
to settle whether they should receive the amount 
of these sales, as claimed by them, or a gross 
amount to be fixed by the Senate in full for 
what thoy alleged they had suffered by the infrnc- 
tion of the treaties. The Committee on Indian 
Affairs brought into the Senate, under that pro- 
vision, a resolution reciting what had been agreed 
upon, and providil')g that the amount should be 
paid over. 
It was brought into the Senate by 
the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. SEBASTIAN,] as 
chairman of the committee, at the extra session, 
and there were about a dozen words passed on 
the subject. My friend from New York [Mr. 
K ING] Inquired what it meant. 
I have looked 
into the. debate. A very snort explanation was 
given. It was said by the Senator from Arkansas 
that, in reality, it was talcii')g• nothing whatever 
from this because, if it did not go 
in this way, it would go out to pay for damages 
which l')ad never been ascertail"cd and never ex- 
arnined by anybody in any clainns for 
injuries on account of the non-perfonnance of cer- 
'l'hat passed. I was 
tain conditions of the treaties. 
I do not prosume that 
in t.he Senate at the time. 
half a dozen Inembers of the Senate know any- 
thing about it. We knowhow these Indian treaties 
pass here, and we know how these provisions 
"-they cotne in 
under Indian treaties pass here. 
frotn tbc Comrnittec on Indian Affairs; they are 
stated to be ali right, and und0{.lbtedly believed to 
be all right. I-lad it been stated to me; had I been 
given to understand at that tilne that this matter 
was to be left to rne to settle, as one of thc arbi- 
trators; to examine, to understand, and to award 
it would not have passed writhout my 
upon it, 
I o•ivi11R at least enough attention to it to under- 
sland what I was acting upon; and I will venture 
year, when the proposition came up, it occasioned to say, you put the question to ahnöst any 
a very considerable debate, and the debate went nunlber of Senators, and you will not find that 
there were half' a dozen who ever knew or ever 
to the whole ma tter from the beginning to the end. 
I then said in the debate, after listening to it at- dreamed that anythingr of that sort was done, much 
tentively throughout, knowing nothing about the less that so large an amount of Inoney was parted 
specific claim, that it was evident to my mind thc li with, as it sceni.s \vas parted with at that tirne. 
Senate never had understood the question, never II question put to the honorable Senator 
I-IOW' mucll it would to. 
had acted understandingly upon it at al l, and ou (Fht 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Can Sen- 
not to bc bound by its previous action. remain 
ator tell anything about the circumstances of any 
of that opinion to this day. 
treaty that has been passed and confirmed here, 
The state of facts is a very simple one. There 
and approved, of four years' standinff? I have 
were certain treaties made with the Choctaw In 
dians, providing for an exchange of territory east i never heard in my life of such a course of oppo- 
sition taken towards anything as the Senator is 
of the Mississippi river, for certain territory west 
In 1820 and in 1830, the pursuing now. I would ask him does he recorrnize 
of the Mississippi river. 
ti.vo treaties were made. There were certain res- f at all that there is ax) y termination to any measure 
ervations and certain stipulations on the parl of that is ewer brought here? that there is any obliga- 
It may be tion that can be consummated and made perft.•ct 
the Government with these Indians. 
true, and very probably is true, that smne of these upon us to discharge any duty by the legitimate, 
stipulations were never performed; and on the official, approved actü)n of both branches of Con- 
strength of the non-performance of these individ- gress and the Executive? And yet, he is going 
stipulations, the Indians, through their agents, behind the whole of that, and demanding know- 
whoever they might have been, set up a claim to ledffe from cvery one, when it is utterly impossi- 
blc, it seems to that it can be properly fur- 
NEW 0.45. 
If I read' the. debate 
things have crone through. 
aright, the Senator from Arkansas', [Mr. SEBAS- 
TEAN,I when inquired of at the time by the Sen- 
ator from New York, [Mr. -KING, I said very 
frankly that it was a large claim ; that 'he could not 
undertake to say how much it vvas; but he thought 
it would not exceed $800,000. When it came 
in, however, 
it was nearly three million, as re- 
ported; and it was afterwards struck down to 
or showing the fact that 
no sort of anderstanding was had with reference 
to it here in any shape or form. 
MT hat is the ground upon which it is. put? 
is put upon the ground that it is a thing settled, 
an award made, that the Senate have awarded it, 
and therefore we cannot go behind it, and make 
any inquiry whatever. NOW, sir, you. cannot 
apply to t.hc Senate thc rules of law, of practice 
in the courts, where, there is power to make de- 
crces, and to enforce them. There is nobody to 
compel the Senate to perform its award; and there- 
fore you cannot arcue in that way with regard to 
'I'he Senate cannot be compelled, Congress 
it. 
cannot be compelled, because there is no power 
big enough to do it, to perform this that is called 
an award ; and the only question is: was the award 
understandingly made? 
If it was not—if we did 
not know what we were about, and did not take 
sufficient pains to inquire what we '.vere about— 
we have a ricrht to reéxamine the matter, and in- 
quire now what we did; and it is not only a right, 
but a duty. We are not acting for ouFselves; we 
are not the parties who pay the money. The 
money does not come outof our individual pock- 
If it wore so, we might be argued with in 
I ets. 
that way; but we arc trusteesfbr the public. Con- 
arcss manages the public money, as thc trustee 
of the people; and because the Senate, in thought- 
lessl'less, and wilhout information, and without 
consideration, have made what is called an award 
so monstrous in ail its consequences and in its 
it is no reason why I should be bound 
amount, 
down by a rule of law, and be told " if an award 
has been made against an individual, it can be 
enforced by the court; and therefore you Irrave 
nothing to say in regard to it." 
I do not hold to the conclusive character of this 
It is my duty to 
award, as it is called, at all. 
I am willing to do justice to 
look into it again. 
these Indians; and if they are entitled to the pro- 
cceds of' these sales on a fair and thorough under- 
standing and examination of the subject, I am 
wiliing that they Shaq have the proceeds. I say, 
however, they are to them under those 
treaties, unless am very much mistaken in the 
vicw [ take of the law with reference to the sub- 
ject. Moreover, it being manifest, to my mind, 
speaking for myself as one, and speaking fbr many 
others who have told me the same thing on the 
subject, that that matter passed without sufficient 
examination, I ask, arc we to be told, when we 
are act.il'lR for the country in relation to millions 
of dollars, that, because the Senate happened in 
that mode to arrive bt that conclusion, therefore 
we must spend the money of thc public in carry- 
ing that out, and cannot review our own action ? 
By no manner of means, in my judgment. 
madc the objcction last year that this thing should 
be thoroughly examined by some competent tri- 
be paid- the whole amount of the proceeds of the 
bunal, to find out, ill L he first place, what the 
sales of the lands which they had ceded east of nished, or required by him. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The 
- amount ofthcsc clairns was; and then, if the Sen- 
the Mississippi river, although they had a very 
. sas undoubtediy has his views on the subject, and ate should see fit, on a full examination, to repass 
iat•ge portion of the territory, and a muchl more 
It n•-vay bc surprising to him; it is 
valuable one west of the Mississippi river ceded I have rnine. 
to them in exchancre. Now, sir, I have read theso not surprisin"' to mo. I must claim t.hc privileae 
•apon it in Ibis as 
treaties carefully, from becyinningto cnd;and I say of exercising In y own 
I am stat',ng why I 
that I am unable to pepceive under them the least i i well as 1 n any other sta.o•e. 
shadow of foundation for the claim to the pro. 
opposed to the w hoic of it. 
slated, N.'lr. President, the modc in which it 
ceeds of the sales of these lands. 
anything in these treaties which gave color to the must have been passed; and I inferred that it I 
pcsscd just as Indian treaties Iravc nassed, wilh- 
idea that the Indians are not only to have the 
(Y_it 110tice on the part of Senators. Unquestion- 
lands which they received, and which they re- 
ill ode. Ä•Ve are respons- 
ably it is a very 
ceived in fre if I am rightly informed, west of' 
il)le for it ourselves. 
feel rcsponsible for It 
the river, but in addition to that. to have all done 
do not undertake to find 
blanne nobody else; 
itnd then to 
for them that the treaties prescribed, 
have the proceeds of all the lands which they con- fault anybody but yself in relation to the 
matt.m•, so far as I ani individually concerned; and 
veyed east of the river besideg, according to their 
only speak from experxence as to hot,v these 
pretension—they would be very singular and re- 
45 
fhe resolution whicl•, came from the committee 
last year on tae same subject, so be it. I arn ready 
to do it if it is just; but I will not be bound by it 
individually without knowing that when I act, I 
act understandingly on the. subject. 
i disput• that this of 
N our, sip, 
It may be for aurrht i know; but I say 
there been no cxamiflation to ascertain the 
The chairman of the last vear 
stated that neither nor anv mortal man knew 
what the amount of the chain-is on the part of 
„nd there- 
these Indiaiis was, nor could they t.ell; 
fore it was jurnpeci at. That is no way to sctile an 
I do not believe in 
account of this description. 
idea that these Indians—who, I tun informed, 
