1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
707 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Two million three hun- 
dred thousand dollars. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Two million 
three hundred thousand dollars is the award, and 
it is in pursuance of a treaty. That treaty 
made in 1855. It is of recent date. Can it be 
possible that there is any truth in the suspicion 
which is thrown around this matter, that it is en- 
tirely baseless? The only construction you can 
give to the language of the Senator from Califor- 
nia is, that the whole thing is baseless, that it is 
all unjust, that it is all unfounded; and you arc 
to bclievc that, though the Senator says he has 
not examined the case. 'I'his subject was before 
Congress for a great many years, until a treaty 
It was then continued 
was made recoffnizing it. 
before one department of this Government and 
another, first the executive, and then the Senate, 
until it has come to this pass, that they have had 
a delegation here year tfter year, I think ever 
since I have been in service in the city of Wash- 
ington, which has been somewhat lengthy. After 
thus having the action of the Government in dif- 
forent departments on this subject, can we 
turn around and say we will not pay any part of 
this award? You are not now asked to pay the 
whole amount of the old award. That portion of 
it which was disputed When it was last under 
consideration in the Senate, is left off. You are 
not even asked to consider it. Can Senators say 
they will not pay that portion of the award which 
no one objected to, which was clearly ernbraccd 
by your treaty, which was approved by the De- 
partmcnt.s and reported here for appropriation, 
and which was undispu ted and is undispu ted , upon 
these generalizations which come from the Sena- 
tor from California and the Senator frolü Maine? 
If the Senate were to agree to their argument, it 
would seem to me to be unreasonable, in this: 
that it would declare tbc fac.l that no action of this 
Government can ever be conclusive, as to the 
payment of any sum of money, for any purpose 
or to any quarter. 
Neither of the Senators, I am sure, can disputc 
for an instant the confirmation of the treaty under 
which this claim arises. No one, I presume, will 
dispute t.he. full consideration of the award. No 
one will dispute that it was approved, after a full 
examination, by all the branches of the Executive 
Department of the Government where it was ne- 
cessary, prudent, or wise, that it should be exam- 
inod or considered. There is only one difficulty 
that exist?d at the last time this subject was under 
consideration, which was raised by tho Secretary 
of the Interior, Mr. Thompson, in considerinq• it; 
and that was to a portion of the award. He Kim- 
self, after going on most laboriously to hunt up 
and find every objection that could be arrayed, 
could bring forward ol)iection only to a pnrt, and 
that part is not included in this appropriation. If, 
at the time this subject was under consideration 
by thc Senate before, a proposition had been made 
towards tho close of that debate by the Commit- 
tee on Indien Affairs, w 110 had charge of it, to 
this effect: since the Chock taws earnestly pray 
the reccvynition and payrncnt of some part of tl'lcit• 
claims, let us make an appropriation for tho pres- 
entofthe amount which is not contested—it would 
have passed at once. 
I have. thought it unfortunate, at the present 
time, that this measure should be brought in with 
this reduction, rather than with the claim of all 
their rights—not their rights as they. are under- 
stood in this body to be generally declared, but 
their generally acknowledgcd ts under treaty 
stipulations confirrncd by the Senate; under awards 
confirmed by the Senate; under repeated examin- 
ations of every branch of the. Departrnent, where 
we know there is integrity, and where we 
thcrc have been hostility and opposition of the 
most rigid character brought to bear against the 
admission of any part of the claim. Does not 
every Senator here know, or if he does not know, 
does he not feel, that the opposition that is made 
to this matter is o•eneral; that it is not only gen- 
eral, but it comes from a repugnance to paying 
anything? hear much talk about the neces- 
sity, before such sums are paid, of mature and 
thorough investigation. That would be nice lan- 
guage to hold to these tribes, who are, have no 
question, haunting this Hall now, as they have 
been haunting Congress for many years, humble 
petitioners to you, reverend Senators, for thirty 
years, asking you to consider their claim, and re- 
licve them from bogging at your door, and from narily resist. -those. claims which are precluded 
tho expense incident to the. constant maintenance l; here from further investiffation by our previous 
of a delegation, which eats up a decided portion action, and particularly When it must be apparent 
of the means that they have, in asking you to to him, as it is to every one else, that it IS idle to 
talk about going into a thorough examination now 
them justice. 
You must have a thorough investigation ! Will on these subjects, when the Senator from Maine 
the Senator from Maine make it? No, sir; he admits that he has never made an investigation of 
it, and when he frankly admiis, as I understand, 
will not do it. 
that he would not take on himself at any future 
Mr. FESSENDEN. No. 
Mr. JOHNSON, Nota bit of it. 
You are candid and frank in saying so; for I be- 
licve it. You will not. Who wilt? Will ama- 
jority of this Senate make it? Did they ever 
rnake it upon any question that ever came before 
us, unless it was the slavery question? Never in 
my day. How, then, shall we have a full inves- 
tigation? I should be pleased to know. How 
shall we have any action of this Government, 
upon which onc or two men cannot get up and 
throw a stain and an imputation upon the char- 
acter and integrity of the transaction? How can 
we ever bring it to that position by anything of 
sanctity that we can throw around it that will 
enable us to cast a vote without groat danger that 
we are doing absolute violence to truth and justice 
and ricyht? 
Now, Mr. President, this case is simply this: 
these Indians, for a o•reat nmny years, have been 
claiming that this Go vernment had not dealt justly 
I time the investigation of this matter unless, indeed, 
the Senate itself were to require it of him. When 
this is the case, I take it that the Senator from 
Maine and the Senator from California cannot 
well and with justice totally refuse to pay any 
part even of that which is undeniable, and which 
throughout all our previous action has stood un- 
disputed. 
Are these Indians to come here forever? Is it 
right to delay them in this way? I do not care 
for the sanctity of character which economists 
sock to throw around themselves. 
I do not have 
an admiration for that kind of ambition, which 
socks distinction by denying debts, by denying 
honest avid acknowledged and recognized obliga- 
tions. I do not admire that kind of ambition 
which seeks reputation at the expense of the Gov- 
ernment's own acknowledged obligation. 
Mr. President, I do think that this is absolutely 
the most palpable and glaring and the worst case 
and settled fairly v.rith them. 'That complaii)t has of evasion that i have, met with here in all the 
dealings with our Indian tribes. With them it is 
been Inade by thenl for great number of years, 
as the remarks of the Senator from California . famous and notorious that we have been a 
taskmaster, to speak the best, and have been but 
At len2tll, sorne few years since, 
havc shown. 
Congress and the Go verritnent woke up, so far ns 
severe, close, and rigid traders. Gentlemen here 
I have spoken of these Indians receiving a great 
to consider the question; and, upon full investi- 
gation, they made that treaty. All of it has been deal of land of so much more value than that 
ratified, confinned, and settled ; and the only thing which they parted with. With what justice can 
is to pay the money. such a point as that be brought before the Senate 
that remains to be doh c, 
The last tilne, the matter can-le before us, the whole when that was done in 1830,' and they were sent 
to a wilderness? I shall not add to the poetry of 
amount of thc award, which was son)c two mil- 
lion three hundred t,lwusand dollars, was deemed i' the thing by talking about a howling wilderness; 
It cainc up to be considered but if there could be a worse one than that to which 
to be undisputed. 
they were transmitted, I do not know of it upon 
by the Interior Department, after it had been 
passed in the Indian bureau, and was partly ex- the continent of America. They were sent off 
there; that land was given to them in lieu of what 
cepted to by the Secretary of tho Interior, red uci ng 
it again; and now, when it is brought down to the they ceded east of the Mississippi. Now, sir, 
Iasi point, when it is reduced to the balance always when tl'kcy have opened that wilderness and con- 
qucred it, as it werc•, when you havc derived all 
before uncxcepted to and deemed unobjection- 
able, and is brought beforc you in that Ghapc, a W tl'le benefits that you obtained by your treaty; 
when thirty years of unequaled ud vance through- 
question is raised whether the w bole claim, from 
out thc world have passed, Senators turn round 
thc beginnino• not been rotten; and whether 
every branch of the Goverrnnent has not fhi.sified I i here and speak—not directly so, for it would be 
too cross—of the immense empire that these ln- 
and abandoned its in and its in telligenee; 
g, and whether we should i dians have west. of the Mississippi, and that 'yvas 
whether an is not wrono 
given to theru for a lesser amount of lands situate 
pay it to any extent, or not. 
Nov..r, sir, accordijva• to my of the re- east of the river, and inside of the State of Mis- 
{i sissippit My God! what kind of respcct for our- 
marks of tbc Senator from IVTaino, alth ou.o•h 110 
has ta Icon occasion to declare that he did 110t say selves can we have when we, seek to break our 
what I understood him to say, much of his oppo- II obligation and disregard it, and thus defeat our 
, own- bargains with a helpless people, upon grounds 
sition is (laO to the presel'\t condition of the coun- 
It is hardly worth while to com- 
I try. I do not mean that thc Senator intended to sucl-l as these! 
say—I do not draw that conclusion—that he ment upon that further. 
i am tolerably well satisfied that if the Com- 
would not pay, or i.v-yree to acknowledcre, a just 
debt and provide for its payment, bccause of the mittee on Indian Affairs had brought forward their 
condition of the country; but the conclusion I an•wndmentto this bill, which, fortunately for their 
d rat.v from it is, that. t.hc condi lion of the coun try is patient chairman, has not been ruled out of order, 
embracing all that was due to this tribe of In- 
just so far involved as the section of the country is 
I should be sorry dians, there could have been easily obtained, from 
concerned where the matter is. 
those who contest the whole rnatter, a prom- 
if, on account of tbc vacancy so many seats 
isc that they would pay what was undisputed, if 
lately occupied by southern Senators, justice is 
I *trust it is not in tended as you would throw over the residue; but now, when 
not to bc had here. 
the chance to make something in the shape of 
a declaration frcnn the other side, in the suprem- 
throwing off what is disputed has ceased, and the 
acy of I heir power and thc strength of their feet- 
incrs—that they do not rnean that thc condition of only question presented is as to the naked obligat 
tion, undisputed by any man except one here— 
the country shall be forgotten in their legislation. 
It is no cruarantoe, no soot.hing satisfaction to my I the Senator from Maine, who says he does dis- 
soul, to know that I am herc under such circufri- pate it; and it is now disputed by him for the 
I am sorry to think thc condition of the first timc on the part of anybody on this floor— 
stances. 
country has anything to do with the opposition when the committee bring 'forward this which is 
It is a which has passed undisputed, a contest is made on the whole mat- 
to this claim. 
ter, and we are referred back to the very begin- 
through every branch of the executive depart- 
ment, that has been th rough the treaty-making ning, if not further back than we have ever been 
power, and been confirmed here; that has obtained referred before, to the whole of our intercourse 
an award from the Senatc on strict investigation. with tho Choctaw tribeof Indians. I think if the 
When it came up, wit.h ail these sanctions, before amendiY1ent had been brought forward, coverinr 
the Secretary of the Interior, he cut ofF part of the whole amount, that which was undeniable 
i and undisputed would be appropriated. 
the amount; and the Indians have now come for- 
I ward and said, " Take all the balance, if you will 
I hope Chat Senators on the otherside will con- 
only give us what nobody has heretofore ob- sider this matter, and that they will not vote 
I trust that 
acrainst a case so pain and so fatr. 
jected to." 
I am sorry that the Senator from California the condition of the country has nothing to do 
could lend himself to any opposition of this char- with this opposition. From the State of Maine 
it comes a little hard to me, particularly so when 
acter; and I do not really believe that I could have 
understood him rightly, because hc does not ordi- consider that I have always regarded the Sen- 
