708 
ator from Maine to be among the fairest on this 
If I could sec ark)' sort of apologv for this 
floor. 
class of opposition on the part of the 'Senator, 
apart from the condition of the country; if the 
Senator would avow' that it was on account of the 
condition of the Treasury, I should be disposed 
I do not think the 
at once to ascribe it to that. 
other Senators on the opposite side of the Cham- 
ber can altogethér concur with him. I hope very 
much that the debate on this matter may not be 
made anterior to the formation of our treaties, and 
that we shall be confined now strictly to the sub- 
icct itself; and that we shall pay these people at 
some portion of the amount which we have 
acknowledged to be justly duc to thern after full 
consideration. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish to set my- 
self right as to onc thing, if there is any necessity 
for it, to relieve Senators of any mistake that may 
I was very certain 
arise from my expression. 
that I said nothing about the condition of the 
counory, onc way the other; and I am informed 
by the reporters, of whom I have inquired, that 
there is no such thing to be found in any remarks 
of mine. That is an idea that sprang up in the 
brain of the Senator from Missouri, and has been 
co Died, it seems, •by the Senator from Arkansas. 
k/lr. JOHNSON , of Arkansas. 
I am not dis- 
posed to dispute the -accuracy of the reporters, 
shall not be so discourteous, when the Sena- 
tar has taken the pains to make the inquiry, as 
to dispute what he says. I still assert, however, 
that I so understood him; but I presume i am in 
error. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was a mere misunder- 
standing, of course. 
Mr. JOHNSON,0f Yes; but 1 did 
not cop 
Mr. BESSENDEN. 1 (10 not deem it a 
ter of an V consequence one way or the other, for 
the simple reason that might appeal to the con- 
(lition ()f• the country with great propriety, if I 
saw fit to do so; but I based n) y objection to this 
claim on other grounds, grounds that went to the 
root of the matter ent irely. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Yes, beyond it. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 could go 
any deeper than Ihat. 'The Senator is lilistaken 
supposing that, in the debate which sprang up 
last year, there was no object.ion to the part of 
thisc.laim now pro oscd to be allowed. The Sena- 
tor from Georgia, Mr. TOOMBS,) who argued the 
question fully, went to the whole. I-Ie stated, to 
be sure, that, two ucms of about onc million one 
hundred thousand dollars, which were ulludet.l to 
by the Secretary or the Interior, ought to be taken 
cor)sidcrat ion, in his judgment; und hc went 
ftu'(.hcu• than that, und inquired whether the value 
of t hc wholc fifteen rnillion acres ought not to be 
into consideration, and expressed the belief 
it would found 
a balance were struck, 
larn•ely noainst. the tribe of Indians of which we 
'l'hat is the ground that was taken 
by the Senator frorn Georgia last year; and tbc 
Senator from Arkansas wilk find, it he looks at it, 
I have looked at the matter this 
toat I ank righ t.. 
mornincr, and my roea\lection is fresh upon the 
did not say that. I knew about 
this questi01'1. Taking il on the ground on which 
CONGIUSSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 2, 
—I speak for myself, 
tribe, and we agreed to give them a certain consid- 
say, withoüt consideration 
eration. Subsequcntly, in .1855, we mådc another 
and i speak fof others who have told me so— 
giving these Indians the amount of the sales of I treaty with them, in which the Senate of the Uni- 
the hinds east of the Mississippi river—a claim ted States was appointed the arbitrator, not, ag 
which, under neither of thcsc treaties, have they the Senator from Maine seems to think, to go into 
any detail of accounts, but to settle the principles, 
the slightest pretensions to make, in my judg- 
ment, now, from an examination of them; and I We did settle tlfem. The Senate did. I was not 
when the Senate passed upon it, they did so un- present on that occasion; but the Committee on 
Indian Affairs, after an examination, reported to 
der a misapprehension; and that misapprehen- 
Sion might well grow out of what was said in the the Senate, and the Senate made its award. Of 
It was said that the claims course it then went to the Commissioner of indian 
were large; but that the am-ountwould not, prob- Affairs, or kheSecretary of the interior, to ascer- 
bly, exceed $800,000. In fact, the question which tain the amount due according to those principles; 
was left to the Secretary of the Interior to settle, and xvhén we find the amount to be a large one, 
• instead of standing by our treaty and standing by 
was not the amount of injuries, not the amount 
If the Choc- 
of claims, that the Indian's had, but the amount our award, we begin to-gag at it. 
of sales according to the public records that had ' taws were a foreign nation, we shoald be com- 
been received by the Government. That is all pelled to pay it; and if it were a claim by us 
that he settled, in any sl'iape or form; and that is against a foreign natiou, we s.vould enforce pay- 
ment by the Army and the Navy; but as it IS an 
the only mode in which it has been ascertained; 
Indian tribe, which has relied upon the faith 0K 
and the Senate will sec that tho whole thing is 
the Government, whose men] bers have served the 
delusive, from beginning to end. 
What I rose to state was what I now restate, Government, not only in the wars of the South- 
that, believing asl do, that we, as trustees for the west, but in the wars of the Northx,vest, even un- 
money of the" people, acted under an entire, mis- der General •Wayne, I thillk it is the Inore roason 
why the faith of the Government sl'iould be kept. 
apprehension, without knowledge, without un- 
deestandiog; and thus voted away (if we ad here I Now, why not pay at the present time? The 
to it) millions of the public money without know- Senator from Iowa says the condition of the coun- 
try is such that we cannot pay it; and I believe 
ing what the amount of the claims was, we are 
the Senator from California thought so too. Did 
bound, now, to reconsider our action; at any rate, 
any body say anything about that when X.ve were 
not to pay the money until we know that there is 
voting over two hundred Illillion the other day 
some reaily just foundation for it. That is all 
I have no for a Pacific railroad? We heard nothing about 
that I contended for; and Ido so still. 
idea that these Indians are sufferino• so znuch as economy then,fromei1hcrofthoseSenators. 'That 
it might have 
might have staid over a year; 
is pretended. The testimony seems to be the other 
staid over two or three years. We heard noth- 
way, in reference to that matter. I think the claim 
at any rate, long ing of the condition of the Treasury then. This 
will keep a few years longer; 
is -a debt; it is our duty to pay it; and no',.v we are 
enough for the active friends of this uneasm•e to 
have an investigation into t.he real state of the informed by the memorial of the Choctaw ntition 
that their people are in a sufferinc-r condition from 
affair in regard to the amount actually due these 
'l*hat amount I an') t•eady to pay at any the loss of their crops, and in danger, many of 
Indians. 
them, of starvation and hardship; and we who, as 
knorncnt. 
ill ox- to this part of the claim, have no sort of defet'lse— 
Mr. GRIMES. One single word, sir, 
planation of the vote I am about to give on this the fact is, there is very little as to the other; it is 
At the last session of -Congress I il 
proposition. 
voted in favor of the allowance of this claim. 
then t.hoagl)l it was just and right; upon the roc- 
ord as iL nox.v stands, I still think that it is right; 
but in consequence of' the present, condition of thc 
country, (although it be such a gravc offense in E 
the estimation of the Senator from Arkansas to 
allude to that,) I shall not vote for its being in- 
corporatcd into this bill. 
1 believe that it is •the duty of every Govern- 
ment to protect itself. We all know that our 
r I't•easury is at this time in a bankrupt condition; 
and if it be in that condition, it is our business to 
see that its wheels bc kept in motion; to see that 
those shall be paid whom it first becomes our 
duty to pay. I t.nrn to the record here—the rc- 
port, of the C01Y1mi.ssionm• of Indian Affairs—and 
find that the Choctaw nation is the richest com- 
I think, 
munity on the face of this continent. 
therefore, that it is proper that we should allow 
this ciairn to lie over, and that we should pay 
those ofliccrs of the Governnoent who huve o 
neccssilies, and great calls upon us for the pay- ! 
Unless it shall bo shown that this award, as 
it is called, was improper\v obtained from the 
ruorc plausible than real—but as to this part of the 
claim there is no deiZnlse; it ought to carry inter- 
ost the day of the award l) y legal princi- 
p,es•, and now, as I say, simply because it is a 
, and duc to people who have not the 
larcre tunount. 
power to exact it from us, vve, w 1110 can pass an 
appropriation of $200.000,000 for a Pacific rail- 
road, cannot vote to issue the bonds of the Gov- 
ernment for the payment of a just and an ac- 
knowlcdff(id debt—we ourselves having been the 
tribunal in our own case—and have decided the 
I shall give my vote for 
thino• acrainst ourselves. 
the amendment without any hesitation. 
Mr. LATHAM called for the yeas and nays, 
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted 
—yeas 17, nays 27; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Biglcr, Bragg, Clark, Doolittle, Fitch, 
Green, I-leinphill, Kennedy, Lane, Lathinn, Nicholson, 
Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian, and Wigfall-— 
N AYS—Messrs. Bingt)ütn, Bright, Chandler, Clingman, 
Coll;nner, Dixon, Dougias, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Fos- 
ter, Grilnes, Gwin, Harlan, Hunter, johnson ()t' Arkansas, 
Pearce, Sauksbury, Seward, Sjnnnong, Siltn- 
King. Morrill, 
ner, ellcn Eyck, rlh•utnbuli, VVade, and Wilson—27. 
So the amendment was rejected. 
IVIr. .TOHNSON, Df Arkansas. I voted for the 
amendment at first; but, tl')e direction it 
I havo chosen to change rny vote to 
I have it, i did say that I knew nothil)g E' Senate, at some future time I shad be prepared to was takine, 
I now stand recordc:d against the 
vote for the allowance of the aunount that is claimed the negative. 
about thc accounts, whicl'h way the balance 
amendment to pay the Chocttuvs that which we 
to be due from the Govern Inent to the Choctaws. 
reality was; and I took that from the 
If it shall be shown that that q.vas improperly ob- • have acknowledged, through every l)ranch of this 
ehairmai') of the Cornmiltee on Indian Affairs, for 
he said that no mortal could tell what the taincd, they) I shall concur with the Senator from Government, is just and due to them. I ask 
mission now, in tnakincr the motion which I do 
exact state of the accounts was. The Indial')s II Maine and vote against it; but as the matter now 
stands, in the present bankrupt condition of the make to reconsider the vote just takcn, that this 
Treasury, I think it is right that this subject bill may be laid over until Monday next, for the 
should lic over; arid hence I shall vote against the i purpose of considering this motion to reconsider. 
Mr. GiVIN. I hope the Seymtor will be grat- 
tn•oposition, although I voted for it last year. 
I hope the bill will go over 
ified in that respect. 
Mr. PUGH. This at 
until Monday. We have made a good deal of 
length in the Senate at the last session, and I gave 
progress in our appropriation bills, and we have 
these treaties a very careful examination. I can- 
I think it is plenty of time. 
not see any mistake in the award. 
I thaBk the Sen- 
Mr. JOHNSON, Arkansas. 
in pursuance of the treaties, and I think the claim 
ator very much for his support of this suøgestion 
is Indisputable. Despite the assertion of the. Sen- 
I ask that the bili may be laid over for 
of mine. 
ator from California and the Senator from Maine, 
I do not, believe there is a court of justice sitting the purpose of looking into this matter somev,.'l-lüt 
in the United Slates of' America, anywhere, that l! noore myself, and bringing to light t.he condition 
of the vote; the condition of the country; the con- 
would hesitate about the construction of these 
dition of the claim; the condition of these people, 
last vear. The Senate passed upon the subject treaties. They may have been wise or unwise; 
order to avoid a contro- i who will have to come here forever, if this Gov- 
they were made. 
it versy between the Choctaw tribe and the State of i ernment stands at all, if gentlemen are consistent 
Mississippi, we provided for the removal of the in the vote which they have cast to-day, and will 
claimed largely; they clain'le.d for a broach of the 
stipulations- of treaties, and he expressed opin- 
ion that. they had suffered large! v, that their claims 
were very crrc•-at and cxtæsive;• but Lhcre was no 
It rested from 1830 to ]855, bcfore 
t I-2is last treaty wus made, twenty-five years; and 
{i a portion of this time, and a very larcre 
the 
portion of it, 
it seems, from the testilnony o, 
Senator from Ca\ifornia, nothing was heard in 
reitn•ence io those claims at all. Then they sprancy 
u n the that sve aave seen. 
I deny entirely that the Senate passed upon 
as an award of the particular sum that 
the report. of the committee made 
that comrnitt.ed to them, in consequence of 
. report made by the Committee on Indian Af- 
fairs; and tbey adopted fhclr recomrnendati0Nß, I 
