710 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 2, 
amount received last year. Can either of those 
Senators tell me ? 
Mr. G WIN. I have not examined it. 
Mr. HUNTER. What is the amount of the 
expenditure ? 
Mr. HALE. The amount spent on the But- 
route is $600 ,OOO, and on this route $800 ,OOO 
a year for car- 
is proposed, making 
ryingAthe mails between these two points sub- 
stantially. I am in favor of this• overland mail 
route from St. Louis to San Francisco. I do not 
remember what the precise termini are; but I 
think it is incumbent upon us, in some way or 
other, to cut Off the Butterfield route if q,'e take 
this; because the establishment of this alone, and 
the payment of $800,000 to it, will enable it to 
carry everything that is necessary between the 
If you establish this 
Atlantic and Pacific coast. 
overland mail route, tl'le Butterfield route will bc 
comparatively uselcss; I may almost say entirely 
so, but perhaps not entirely go. I consented that 
the amendment should be reportcd, and I hope 
that the Senate will adopt it, but that is all the 
examination that has been given to the bill. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think a matter of this 
importance ought not to be passed without further 
consideration, more than we can give it at this 
hour of the day. 
Mr. GYVIN. I am willing .that it shall go over. 
I do not want anybody to vote on it without un- 
It is unnecessary, however, to 
derstanding it. 
refer it. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move that the Senate 
adiourn. 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 hope the Senator from 
Maine will withdraw that, in order that a motion 
may bc made to have. thc bill printed with these 
amendments. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly. 
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the axncndments 
of the House be printed, 
T hc motion was arn•eed to. 
ST. MAT'].'UEW'S 011011011. 
Mr. KENNEDY. With the indulgence of 
Senate, I should like to have a stnnll bill con- 
Bidered that will lead to nodebate. I inove to take 
up the bill (S. No. 547) for the relief of the parish 
in the city of Wash- 
of St. Matthew's church, 
ington. 
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was 
read a second time, and considered as in Com- 
It proposes to empower 
mittee of the Whole. 
Rev. Charles J. White, parish priest of St. Mat- 
thew's church, in the city of Washingt.on, to sell 
certain lots of ground deeded to lhe priest of t.he 
parish by the li.ae William Easby, Commissioner 
of Public Buildings, known in the plot of Wash- 
ington city as lots Nos. •5, G, 7, 8, 9, 10. 11, 12, 13, 
and 14, in square No. 236; the proceeds of thc 
sale to be applied to the uses arid benefit of thc 
The bill was reported to tl)C Senate, ordered t.o 
read t.he third 
a third reti(.ling•, 
be fkn• 
time, and passed. 
110US10 BILLS REFER RICD. 
The following bills frotn the I"J.ouse of Rcpre- 
scntatives wore read twice by their titles, and rc- 
ferred as indicated below: 
A bill (H. R. No. 972) authorizing a loan—to 
the Committee on Finance 
A bill (H. R. No. 896) for the rclicf of D. D. 
Harrill—to the Committee on the Post Office and 
Post Roads. 
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 5) authorizing 
the proper accounting offcers of the Treasury to 
revise and adjust the accounts of John Randolph 
Clay, United States Minister to Peru—to the Com- 
mittee on Foreign Relations. 
TFRRITORY OF IDAHO. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
SATURDAY, February 2, 1861. 
The House rnet at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS. H. STOCKTON. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and appro ved. 
DESTITUTE INDIANS. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House a communication from the act- 
ing Secretary of thc Interior, transmitting and 
concurring in a recommendation of the Commis- 
sioner of Indian Affairs, that $100,000 be appro- 
priated for the relief of destitute Indians, under 
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior; 
which, on motion, was referred to the Committee 
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed. 
PETITIONS RELATING to TIIE CRISIS. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, by unanimous con- 
sent, presented the petition ot• six hundred and 
sixty-seven citizens of the city of New York and 
its environs, in favor of c.on')promise and concil- 
iation, and more especially in favor of the border- 
State proposition; which wras laid upon the table. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pcnrjsylvania, by unanirnous 
consent, presented the petition of citizens of Phil- 
adelphia, recormnendiF)g the support of the Con- 
stitution, the maintenance of the Union, and the 
enforcement of the laws; which was laid upon 
thc table. 
Mr. SPAULDING, by unanimous consent, 
presented the following: The petition of Hon. 
Millard Fillmore, Henry W. Rogers, J. T.Hatch, 
J. M. Smith, and three thousand others, in favor 
of the adoption of the Crittenden compromise; 
the petition of O. J. Green, S. C. Adams, Philip 
Bryer, W. F. Miller, and oülers, in favor of main- 
taining the Constitution and enforcing thc laws; 
and the remonstrance of J. B. Saxe, J N. Rich- 
mond,J. I-I. Gaylord, Philetus Allen, and others, 
against any compromise of Republican principles; 
which were laid upon tl'i(-} table. 
JONAS P. LEVY. 
Mr. WALTON. Mr. Speaker, 1 per- 
sonal explanation, and an explanation on behalf 
of the Connnittcc of Claims. A few days ago I 
reported, froin the of Claims, a joint 
resolution for the relief of Jonas P. Levy. On 
that occasion, I find the gentleman from Ohio 
[Mr. SHERMAN] reported as saying that it was the 
same claim which I'vlr. Whittlesey pronounced a 
fraud, after full examination. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I merely inquired whether 
it was the same claim reported against by Mr. 
Whittlesey. 
Mr. WALTON. In either event an imputa- 
tion migl:t be inferred against the Committee of 
Claims, and I wish to say a word. There is no 
authority of noore weight with that committee 
than that of Mr. Whittlesey, who was so long 
distinguisl')ed, I inay say, above all 
its chairman, 
his fidelity to duty. His report is a 
others for 
strong orle against thc claim; it I.vas examined 
by the con-nniit,cc•, it has been placed on tbc files; 
and it goes with the other papers to the account- 
ing officers of the 'I'rea.sury for their exarnination. 
it is proper to 
But in justice to all concerned, 
state that it appears from Mr. 's re- 
port that there is one item of the claim which hc 
did not pass upon. M.oreover, the claimant alleges 
that there is important testimony in the case, 
which neither Mr. Whittlesey, the board of com- 
papers originally filed and said to be lost. As to lost papers, 
the Court of Claims has well said that upon some evidence, 
though it be slight, of loss, and diligent and- unsuccessful 
search, the claimant may then niake affidavit of loss, and 
thereupon be permitted to prove the contents•of thc lost 
papers by secondary evidence. This remains to be done; 
and we think the claimant should be permitted still to avail 
himself of this right. 
"Again : in respect to the claim for damages in conse- 
quence of illegal expulsion from Mexico, the Court of 
the laws of Mexico under which Levy was expelled have 
not been produced, nor inferior proofs presented. We can 
see no great difficulty in producing or proving the statutes 
of Mexico, or any resolution or order for the expulsion of 
American citizens from Mexico; and we think the claim- 
ant should be permitted todo it. This seems to have been 
a part of the claim admitted to be valid by the commission- 
erg. The Auditor rejected it for written reasons, but those 
reasons cannot be found ; the Comptrollerdid not pass upon 
t.his part of the case at all; and in rejecting it the Court of 
Claixns distinctly intimates that it is for want of proof 
which is certainly material, and seems to be attainabke. 
For the purpose of permitting the claimant to produce 
evidence which the Court of Claims has decided to be 
pertinent and essential, and of' disposing of the case, the 
committee report the accompanying joint resolution; and 
reconnnend its passage. 
COMPROMISE MEMORIALS. 
Mr. NOELL. I desirc to present three memo- 
rials from my constituents in reference to existing 
diffcu]ties; one from citizens of Dent county, and 
another from citizens of Phelps county, Mis- 
souri, both signed by the farmers and working- 
men of those counties, asking Congress to adopt 
the Crittenden propositions. The third memorial 
is from Lucy A. James and thirty-five other la- 
dies of Phelps county. They come here not in 
the spirit of dictation, but as the descendants of 
those honored women who showed their devotion 
to the country in the days of the Revolution, ask- 
ing this House to take such measures as may avert 
the calamities which now threaten the country, 
and in which those nearest and dearest to them 
will be involved. 
T hc memorials were received, and laid on the 
table. 
TITLE TO CERTAIN LANDS IN IOWA. 
Mr. TRIMBLE. By the instruction of the 
Committee on Public Lands, I desire to report a 
joint resolution to quiet tille to certain lands in the 
State of Iowa, and to ask that the same considered 
now and put upon its passacre. 
The bill, which was read, provides that all the 
title which the United States still retains in the 
tracts of lands along the Des Moines river, above 
the mouth of the Racoon Fork therein, in the 
State of Iowa, which have heretofore been certi- 
fied to that State improperly by the Secretary of 
the Intcrior, as part of the grant approved under 
the act of August 8, 1846, be relinquished to the 
State of Iowa. 
Mr. TRIMBLE. If there is any objection made 
to it, such objection may be removed by an ex- 
planation which will not occupy more than turo 
minutes. 
Mr. THOMAS. 1 would like to have the bill 
explained. 
Mr. TRIMBLE. In 1846 the Congress of the 
United States made a grant of land to the State of 
Iowa to aid in the improvement of the navigation 
of the Des Moines river. The Secretåry of the 
Interior certified to that State some four hundred 
thousand acres of land above the mouth of the 
It •has been decided 
Racoon Fork of that river. 
II by the Supreme Court of the United States that 
those lands were improperly certified. A sub- 
sequent grant made by Congress to the State of 
Iowa, for railroad purposes, covers the whole 
missioners, the Court of Claims, nor any other 
authority, has yet had. We simply propose that Of these four hundred thousand acres, writh the 
exception of about one thousand acres. 'These 
the claimant should have a rehearing with the ben- 
lands, therefore, do not revert to the Govern- 
efit of that testimony and all that is now in the 
Mr. GREEN. 1 move now to take up the bill 
organizing tbc Territory of Idaho, merely for the 
purpose of having it left as unfinished busi ness. 
IVIr. PEARCE. Thatxwill give it precedence 
over the Indian appropriation bill, and I hope 
that will not be done. 
Mr. GREEN. I shall be willing to postpone 
I want to keep it alive; that is all. 
it for that. 
Mr. PEARCE. very well. 
The motion was aon•eed to. 
On motion of Mr. GREEN, the Senate then 
adjourned. 
'I'he Senate so decided at the last session . 
case. 
I need not add anol.her word; but in order that 
the ground upon which the committee acted may 
be understood, I will conclude with an extract 
from the report of the committee. It is as follows: 
On a review of the case, we find that there has been 
some new evidence produced, both favorable and adverse— 
inuch crimination and re- 
much argumcnt pro and con— 
crimination. and yet that rhe case stands substantially as 
it did when Congress reopened it in .1854. The evidence 
now in the case vy'ill not admit a decision in favor of the 
claim ; and, on the other hand, we are not disposed to re- 
ject it, because the papers aileged to have been lost have 
not been produced, nor have their cont.ents, to any cons_id- 
erable dcrzree, been supplied by secondary evidence. The. 
claimant "f'urther alleges that nnportant papers now exist in 
the State and 'ih•casury ncpartrnents, which the committee 
Illight call ibr; but he does not allege that these are the 
I ment of the United States in consequence of that 
decision, but are still to be retained by the State 
for railroad purposes. These lands have been 
sold to actual settlers, who have paid their money 
for them, They are now occupied, and there 
are three or four towns built upon them. There 
are, to my actual knowledge, lands among them 
worth from fifty to sixty doklars per acre. The 
settlers want their titles confirmed. The State 
sold and patented the lands to the present occu- 
pants; and all this resolution asks is, that their 
titles may be confirmed. This resolution is drawn 
up, and its adoption recommended, by the Secre- 
tary of the Interior. 
Mr. PHELPS. If 1 am not mistaken, this 
question was before the late Secretary of the 
