720 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 4. 
ha+e algo a petition of citizens of Indiana, praying the Senate may betaken up. If it induces de- But, if we do not greatly mistake the prevailing 
f(jr •the adoption of the resolutions offered by my- bate, I shall not ask to have it considered; but I sentiment of the southern mind, no attempt wilk 
be rnade to improve the Constitution; we, shall 
do not think it Will. 
self. .1 also present a petition to the same pur- 
i.! take it such as it is; such as has been found suf- 
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, 1 desire, on 
pose and effect citizens of Michigan. I move 
the part of my colleague and myself, to occupy ficient for our security and happiness, so long as 
that an these petitions lie on the table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
MINT AT NEW ORLEANS. 
its true intent and spirit lived in thc hearts ofa 
the attention of the Senate for a very short time, 
majority of the people of the free States, and col+ 
on a matter that is personal to us. 
trolled the action not only of the Federal but. of 
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator from Louis- 
the State Legislatures. We will adopt all laws not 
Mr. WILSON. submit -tbc follow incr reso- 
iana give way for a moment, that the resolution 
which I called up may be acted on? If it leads I i locally inapplicable or incompatible with our new 
lution; and ask for its consideration at this time: t 
relations; we will recognizc the obligations 
to debate, I shall not ask that it be considered; 
Resolved, That the President be, and be is heréby, ro 
but I think it will not. I shall be obliged to him all cxisting treaties—those respecting the African 
AtiüOsted (0 conimunieate to this bodv whether, in State 
of-Louisiana, any person or •persons *have unlawfully seized 
slave trade included. We shall be prepared to as- 
if he will give way. 
any of the forts,- arsenals, arms, or munitions ot• war, be- 
'!'otiÉirig the United Stages, or other property of the United* The Secretary ret)d the resolution submitted by same •our just proportion of the national debt; to 
-States;- and especially Whether the mint of the United Mr. FOSTER," on the 29th of January, as follows: account for the cost of all the forts and other prop- 
.:Statesat :New Orleans has been taken possession of unlaw- 
. fully-by any. person*nd whether any portion of the tnoney 
.öfthe United Statesat New Orleans, and how much thereof, 
lias -been unlawfully appropriated by any person or persons, 
aiid by whom-and when. 
Mr. BIGLER objected to the consideration of 
the resolution; and it lies over under the rule. 
COLLECTION OF DOT11ts. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi- 
,nance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 545) 
in relation to the collection of duties on imports 
and for Other purposes, have instructed me to re- 
port it back With two amendments—trifling verbal 
the recommendation that it 
pass•ßan-d I move that it be considered at this 
time. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Maine reports the bill (S. No. 545) in retation to 
Resolved That in addition to those now entitled to that erty Of the United States, which we have been com- 
privilcgc, dovernors and ex-Governors of-States be adi-nit- pellcd to seize in self-defense, if it should appear 
that our share of such expenditure has been greater 
ted to thc floor of the Senate. 
II Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator from Con- than in other sections; and above all, we shali, as 
nccticut will not press tho consideration Of that well from the dictates of natural justice and the 
principles of international law as of polilical and 
resolution now. 
Mr. FOSTER. I will not, if it is to lead to 
debate. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator 
withdraw bis motion to take up the resolution ? 
Mr. FOSTER. It' objection is made to it, I do. 
WITHDRAWAL OF SENATORS. 
Mr. SLIDELL. I sent to the Secretary a 
paper, which I desire to have read. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
"In Ordinancc to dissolve theunion between the State f Lou- 
isiana and other States united with her, under the compact 
entitled The Constitution of the United States of Jlmcr- 
the collection of duties on imports; and for other 
ica. 
'x purposes,' from the Committee on Finance, and 
•asks for its consideration-at this time. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 object to 
a-s I intend to offer amendments to the bill,-which 
I wish to have rinted. 
The PRESIDENT. If objection be 
made, it will lie over. 
I object. 
Mr. HUNTER. 
I'vlr. FESSENDEN. Docs single objection 
carry it over? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill re- 
ported to-day, it must lie over one day, if ihere 
be objection to its present consideration. 
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to make an explanation 
in connection with t.hc bill just reported. 1 under- 
stood the Senator from Maine to state that. the 
committee recommended the passage of the bill. 
I do not know whether that stands upon my vote. 
I consented, so as I was concerned, that the 
bill should i•eported, leaving the question opcn 
åS tö' whether i would favor its passage not. 
If,a majority of' the committee is made dependent 
on my vote, then i' do not favor the recommend- 
ation as from the coinmittee. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 
tinctly put the question to lhc Chairman whether 
I was authorized to report the bill with the recom- . 
We. the people of the State of Louisiana, in convention 
assembled, do declare and ordain, and it is hercby declared 
t and ordained, that the ordinance passed by us in convention 
on the 22d day of Novcmbcr, in the year 1811, whereby the 
Constitution of the United States ()t• Aincrica, and the 
mnendmcnt.s of said Constitution, were adopted, and all I 
mcndation that it pass, and he informed me that 
I do not know whether it was on 
I might do so. 
the vole ofthc Sonat01' from Indiana, or soinebody 
MESSAGE FROM TLIE 110b'SE. 
laws and or(linance.s by which the State of Louisiana be- 
a Inen)ber of the Federal Union, and the satne are 
and that thc union now 
hereby, repealed and abrogated ; 
i subsisting: het.ween Louisiana and other States, under the 
nannc the United States ot• Atnerica," is hereby dis- 
solved. 
I'Ve do fu declare, and ordain, that the State of Lott- 
isiana h creby all rights and povvers del- 
cate.(l t") t,hc Govern:neut of the I_rnited States of' Atneriea ; 
allegiance to said 
t.hat her citizens arc absolved Crorn all 
, aud that she is in fit!! and c.xer- 
cisc 01' all ttjo.se rights at. v w bich appertain to a 
and independent State. 
do Curtiler declare and ordain, that all right* acquired 
and vest.cd uuder the Constitution of the. Uuit.ed States, or 
any act of Congress, treaty or under any law of this 
Stato and uot incornpatible with this ordinance, shall re- 
unain in force and have the sanif.) effect as it' this ordinance 
had not been passed. 
rj'he undersigned hereby certifies that the above ordi- 
nancc is a true copy of the original ordinanee, adopted this 
day by the convention o? the state of Loui>iana. 
Given under Iny hand ankLthe great seal of' Louisiana,.at 
Baton Rouge this 25th day of the Inonth of January,- in the 
year of out Lord, 1861. 
A. MOUTON, 
President o.f [he Commention. 
J. 'I'110MAS VVHP.AT, Secrct.ary of the Convention. 
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, the document 
which the Secretary has just read, and which 
places QI) the files of the Senate oflicial informa- 
tion that Louisiana has ceased to be a component 
A message from the House of' Representatives, 
part of' these once United States, terminates the 
by Mr. HAYs, Chief Clerk, announced that the 
connection of my colleague and myself with this 
geographical affinities and of mutual pecuniary 
terests, recognize the right of the inhabitan ts of the 
valley of the Mississippi and its tributaries to its 
free navigation ; we will guaranty to them a free in- 
terchange of all agricultural productions without 
impost, tax duty, or toll of any kind; the free tran- 
sit from foreiffn countries of cvcry species of mer- 
c,handisc, subject only to such regulations as may 
be absolutely necessary for the protection of any 
revenue system we may establish, and for pur- 
poses of police. 
As for such States of the Union as may not 
choose to unite their destinies with ours, we shall 
consider them, as we shall all other foreign na- 
enemies in war, in peace friends." We 
wish and we hope to part with them amicably; 
and, so far as depends on us, they shall have no 
provocation to pursue a hostile course; but in this 
regard we, frorn the necessities of the case, can 
only be passive; it will be for the people of the 
non-slaveholding States to decide this momentous 
question. This declaration, however, 
requires 
some qualification. Could the issue be fairly pre- 
sente.d to the people of those States, we should 
have little doubt of a peaceful separation, with 
the possibility of a complete, and the probability 
ofa partial, reconstruction on a basis satisfactory 
to us and honorable to them; but, with the pres- 
cnt representations in cither branch of Congress, 
we see nothing to justify our indulging any such 
'W c must be prepared to resist co- 
expectation. 
ercion, whether attempted by avowed enemies, or 
by a hand heretofore supposed friendly, by open 
war, .or under the more insidious, and, therefore, 
more dangerous pretext of enforcing the laws, 
protecting public property, or collecting the rev- 
enue. shall not cavil about words, or discuss 
legal and technical distinctions; Neve shall consider 
the one as equivalent to thc other, and shall be 
prepared to actaccordineiy. Utroque arbitriopa.rati. 
You Avill find us ready to meet you with the out- 
stretched hand of fellowship, or in the mailed pan- 
oply of war, as you may will it; elect between 
those alternatives. 
We have no idea that you will even attempt to 
invadc our soil with your armies; but we acknowl- 
edge your superiority on the sea, at present, in 
House had passe(l the following bill and joint body. 'I'he occasion, however,justifies, if it docs 
so Ene degrec accidental, but in thc main, natural, 
resolution, in which the concurrence of the Sen- 
not call for, some parting words to those whom , and pennanent, until we shall havc acquired better 
we leave sorne forever, others we trust to I ports for our marine. You kliay, if you it, 
ate was requested: 
A bill (No. 925) granting an invalid pension 
persist in considcrin«y us bound to you durinM 
meet acain und to participate with them in the 
noble task of constructing and • defending a new your good pleasure; you rnay deny t hc sacred and 
to Larkin 'I'ahly, of Tennessee; and 
A joint resolution (No. 70) to quiet titles to 
confederacy; which, if it may want at first the 
indefeasible right, we will not say of secession, 
-lands in the State of Iowa. 
grand proportions and vast resources of the old, 
{vill still possess the essential elements of great- 
COUNTING OF ELECTORAL VOTES. 
ness, a people bold, hardy, homogencoas in in- 
The message further announced that the 
terests and ser)timcnts, a fertile soil, an extensive 
had agreed to the resolution of the Senate to ap- 
terri tory, thc capacity and the will to govern tl'K'lü- 
committee to ioin such committee as may 
selves through the forms and in the spirit of the 
be appointed by the House of Representatives, to 
Constitution under which they have been born 
ascertain and report a mode for examining the 
and educated. Besides all these, they have an 
votes for President and Vice I) resident of the Uni- 
ted States, and notifying the, persons chosen of advantage which noothcr people seeking to change 
the Government under which they had before 
thcir election; and had appointed Mr. ELLIHü B. 
lived have ever enjoyed ; they have to pass through 
WASHBURNE of Illinois, Mr. GARNETT B. A DRAIN 
no intervening period of anarchy; they have in 
of New Jersey, Mr. JAMES CRAIG of Missouri, 
their several State goVernments, already shaped 
Mr. ALFRED ELY of New York, and Mr. WIL- 
to their hands, everything necessary for the pres- 
LIAM C. ANDERSON of Kentucky, the committee 
ervation of order, the administration of justice, 
on the part of the House. 
and the protection of their soil and their property 
i} from foreign or domestic violence. They can con- 
ADMISSION TO THE, FLOOR. 
Mr. FOSTER. I ask that the. resolution I sult with calmness and act with deliberation 
offered the other day in regard to the admission every subject, either of immediate interest or 
of Governors and ex-Governors to the floor of future policy. 
1)ttt of revolution—ay, of rebellion, if you choose 
so to call our acti01'1—the right of every pcoplc to 
establish for itself that form of government which 
it may, even in its folly, if such you deem it, con- 
sider best calculated to secure its safety and pro- 
mote its welfare. You may icrnore the principles 
of our immortal Declaration of Independence, you 
rnay utternpt to reducc us to subjection, or 
under color of enforcing yout laws or col- 
lecting your revenue, blockade our ports. 
will be war, and we shall n)eet it, with different 
but equally offc,ient, weapons. We will riot 
mit the consumption or introduction of any of 
your manufactures; every sea will swarm with out' 
volunteer militia of the ocean, with tho striped 
buntiog floating over their heads, for we do not 
mean to (Yive up that fla'Y v,'iihout a blond! v struo•- 
gle, it is ours as much as yours; and alchongli for 
a time more stars rnay shine on your l)tunrnr. ( 
i children, if not we, will rally under a coru•lelia- 
