THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEe 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGmSS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
tion more numerous and more resplendent than 
yours. You mav smile at this as an impotent 
boast, at least for'the present, if not for the future; 
but if we need ships and men for privateering, we 
shali bc amply supplied from the same sources as 
now almost exclusively furnish the means for car- 
rying on, with such unexampled vigor, the Afri- 
can slave trade—New York and New England. 
Your mercantile marine must either sail under 
foreign flags or rot at your wharves. 
But, pretermitting these remedies, we will pass 
to another equally efficacious. Every civilized 
nation now is governed in its foreicrn relations by 
the rule of recognizing Governments " defacto." 
You alone invoke the doctrine of the " de jure,' 
or divine right of lording it over an unwilling peo- 
ple strong enough to maintain their power within 
their own limits. How long, think you, will the 
great naval Powers of Europe permit you to im- 
pede their free intercourse with their best cUs- 
tomers for their various fabrics, and to stop the sup- 
plies of the great staple which is the most important 
basis of their manufacturing industry, by a mere 
paper blockade? You were, with all the wealth 
and resources of this once great Confederacy, but 
a fourth or fifth rate naval Power, with capacities, 
it is true, for large, and in a just quarrel, almost 
indefinite, expansion. What will you be when 
not merely emasculated by the withdrawal of fif- 
teen States, but warred upon by them with active 
and invcterate hostility ? 
But enough, perhaps somewhat too much of 
this. We desire not to speak to you in terms of 
bravado or menace. Lot ustreateach otheras men, 
who, determined to break off unpleasant, incom- 
patible, and unprofitable relations, cease to bandy 
words, and mutually leavc each other to determ- 
ine whether their differences shall be decided by 
blows or by the code which some of us still rcc- 
oonize as that of honor. We shall do with you 
as the French guards did with the English at the 
battle of Fontenoy. In a preliminary skirmish, 
the French and English guards met face to face; 
the English guards courteously saluted their ad- 
versaries by taking off their hats; the French re- 
turned the salute with equal courtesy. Lord Hay, 
of the English guards, cried out, in a loud voice: 
Gentlemen of the French guards, fire." Count 
D'Auteroche replied in the same tone: " Gentle- 
men, we never fire first." The Encriish took them 
at their word, and did fire first. Being at close 
quarters, the effect was very destructive, and the 
French were, for a time, thrown into sorne dis- 
order; but the fortunes of the day were soon re- 
stored bv the skill and courage of Marshal Saxe, 
and the English, under the Duke of Cumberland, 
suffered one of the most disastrous defeats which 
their military annals record. Gentlemen, we will 
not fire first. 
We have often seen it charged that the present 
movement of the southern States is merely the 
consummation of a fixed purpose, long enter- 
taincd by a few intriguers for the selfish object of 
personal ago•randizement. There never was a 'i 
greater error—if we were not about to part, we I 
should saya grosser or more atrocious calumny. 
Do not deceive yourselves; this is not the work I 
of poiitiyl manacers, but of the people. As a 
general rüle, the instincts of the masses, and the 
sagacity of those who, in private life, had larger 
opportunities for observation and reflection, had 
satisfied them of the necessity of separation long 
before their accustomed party leaders were pre- 
pared toavowit. Weappeak toeverysouthern Scn- 
ator yet remaining here, whether such be not the 
case in his own State. Of its truth, we can give 
no stronger illustration than the vote in the Lou- 
sianacoavention. Of one hundred and thirty mem„ 
bers, every delegate being In his seat, one hun- 
dred and thirteen voted for immediate secession; 
and of the seventeen who voted against it, thcre 
were not more than four or five who did not ad- 
Init the necessity of separation, and only differed 
as to the time and mode of its accomplishment. 
Nor is the mere election, by the forms of the 
Constitution, of.n President distasteful to us, the 
cause, as it is so often and so confidcntly asserted, 
46 
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1861. 
of our action. It is this: we all consider the elec- 
tion of Lincoln, with his well-known antece- 
dents and avowed principles and purposes, by a 
decided majority over all other candidates com- 
bined in every non-slaveholding Stale 011 this side 
of the Pacific slope, noble, gallant New Jersey 
alone excepted, as conclusive evidence of the de- 
termined hostility of the northern masses to our 
institutions. We believe that he conscientiously 
entertains the opinions which he has so often and 
so explicitly declared; and that, having been 
elected on the issues thus presented, he will hon- 
estlv endeavor to carry them into exccution. 
While nosv we havc no fears of servile insur- 
rection, even of a partial character, we know that 
his inauguration as President of the United States, 
with our assent, would have been considered by 
Inany of our slaves as thc day of their emanci- 
pation; and that the 4th of March would have 
witnessed, in various quarters, outbreaks, which, 
nlt.hougl'l they would have been promptly sup- 
prcssed, would have carried ruin and devastation 
to nmny a southern home, and have cost the lives 
of hundreds of the misguided victims of northern 
negrophilism. 
Senators, six States have now severed the liliks 
that bound then-I to a Union to which we s.vere all 
attached, as well by many tics of material well- 
bcine, as by the inheritance of common glories in 
the past, and the well-founded hopes of still more 
brillial')t destinies in the future! Twelve seats 
are now vacant on this floor. The work is only 
Jt requires no spirit of prophecy 
yet but begun. 
to point to many, many chairs around us that will 
soon, like ours, be unfilled; and if the weird sis- 
ters of the great dramatic poet could here be cou- 
jured up, they would present to the affrighted 
vision of those on the other side of the Chamber, 
the deep 
who have so largely contributed to 
damnation of this taking off," a " glass to show 
them many more." Thev who have so foully 
murdered the Constitution and tl')e Union will find, 
when too late, like the Scottish Thane, that, " f 
they 
Banquo 's issue they have filed their ; 
have but placed upon their heads a fruitiess crown, 
and put a barren scepter in their gripe, no son of 
theirs succeeding.' 
In taking leave of the Senate, whilc we shall 
carry with us many agreeable recollections of 
intercourse, social and offcial, witli gentlemen 
who have differed wil.h us on this, the great ques- 
t,ion of the affe, we would that wc could, in fittinc 
language, express the mingled of admir- 
ation and regret with which we look-back to our 
associations on this floor with many of our north- 
ern colleagues. They have, one after the other, 
fallen in their heroic struggle against a blind fanat- 
icism, until now but few—alas! how few—remain 
to fight the battle of the Constitution. Several 
even of these will terminate their offcial career in 
one short month, and svill give place to men hold- 
ing opinions diametrically opposite, have 
recommended them to the suffrages of their States. 
Had we remained here, the sarne fåtc would have 
awaited, at the next election, the four or five last 
survivors of that gallant band; but now wc shall 
carry with us at least this one consoling reflec- 
tion, our departure realizing all thei) predictions 
of ill to the Republic, opens a new era of triumph 
for the Democratic party of the North, and will, 
NEW SERIES.....NO. 46. 
the States that were original parties to the Con- 
stitution—even m•anting their right to resume, for 
suflicient cause, those restricted powers which 
they delegated to the General Government in trust 
for their own use and benefit—still Louisiana can 
have no such right, because she was acquired by 
purchase. Gentlemen have not hesitated to speak 
of the sovereign States formed out of the territory 
coded by France as property bought with the 
, money of the United States, belonging to them as 
purchasers; and, although they have not carried 
their doctrine to its legitimate results, I must con- 
clude that they also mean to assert, on the same 
principle, the right of selling for a price that which 
for a price was bought. 
I shall not pause to comment on this repulsive 
dogma ofa party which asserts the right of prop- 
erty in free-born white men, in order to reach its 
cherished object of destroying the right of prop- 
crty in slave-born black men—still less •shall I 
detain the Senate in pointing out how shadowy 
the distinction between the condition of the ser- 
vile African and that to which the white freemen 
of In y State would be reduced, if it indeed be true 
that they are bound to this Government by ties 
that cannot be legitimately dissevered, without 
the conserlt of that •very majority which wields its 
i simply deny the 
powers for their oppression. 
fact on which the. argument is founded. I deny 
that the province of Louisiana, or the people of 
Louisiana, were ever conveyed to the United States 
for a price as properly that could be bought or 
sold at will. Without entering into the details of 
the negotiation, the archives of our State depart- 
rnent shour the fact to be, that although tl'ie do- 
rnain, the public lands, and other property of 
Iörance in the ceded province, wcrc conveyed by 
absolute title to the United States, the sovereignty 
was not conveyed otherwise than i.n trust. 
A hundred fold, sir, has the Government of the 
United States been reimbursed by the sales of 
public property, of public lands, for the price of 
the acquisition; but not with the fidelity of the 
honest trustee has it discharged the obligations as 
regards the sovereicrnt .1 
havc said that the Government assumed to act 
as trustee or guardian of the people of the ceded 
province, and covenanted to transfer to them the 
soverei"nt.y thus held in trust for their use, and 
benefit, as soon ns they were capable of exercis- 
ing it. What is the express language of the 
treaty ? 
The inhabitants of the ceded Territory shall be incor- 
poratcd in the Union of the United States, and admitted as 
S007L as possible, according to thc principles of the Federal 
Constitution, to the enjoyment of au the rights, advantages, 
and imrnunities of citizens of the United States ; and in the 
mean tirne they shall be maintained and protected in the 
enjoyment of their liberty, property, and the religion which 
they profrss." 
And, sir, as if to mark thc true nature of the 
cession in a manner too significant to admit of 
misconstruction, the treaty stipulates no price; 
and the sole consideration för the convcyance, as 
stated on its face, is the desire to afford a strong 
proof of tho friendship of France for the United 
States. By the terms of a separate, convention 
stipulating the payment of a sum of money, the 
precaution is ao•ain observed of stating that tho 
payment is to be madc, not as a consideration ora 
i price or a condition precedent of the cession, but it 
x.vc firmly believe, reestablish its lost ascendency IS carefully distinguishcd as being a conseqnence 
It was by words thus studiously 
i I of the cession. 
in most of the non-siaveholdincr States. 
1Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. if we were II chosen, sir, that James Monroe and Thornas Jef- 
enraged in the performance of our accustomed ferson marked their understanding of a contract 
i now misconstrued as being a bargain and salc of 
legislative duties, I might well rest content with 
the silnple statennent of my concurrence in the sovereignty over freernen. With what indignant 
reti)arks just made by my colleague. Deeply inl- scorn would those staunch advocates of tbc in- 
herent right of self-government have repudiated 
sioo, I cannot remain insensible to the duty of the slavish doctrine now deduced from their 
action ! 
rccordil')rg, amono•st the authentic reports of your 
How were the obligations of this treaty fulfilled? 
proceedings, the expression of my convict.ion that 
the State of Lonisiarja has judeed and acted well That Louisiana at that date contained slaves held 
as property by her people through the whole 
and wisely in this crisis of her destiny. 
length of the Mississippi valley—that those peo- 
Sir, it has been u rged, on morc than* one occa- 
ple"had an unrestricted right of settletnent with 
sion, in the discussions here and elsewhere, that 
It their slaves under legal protection throughout the 
Louisiana stands on an exceptional footing. 
has been said that whatever may be the rights of entire ceded province—no man has ever yet had 
