1861. 
message of the President; •and the Senator rom 
North Carolina is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. CLING-MAN. Mr. President, a the 
very interesting occurrence which has just taken 
place, it is difhcult for me to address ibe Senate 
as I would wish to do. It is not my purpose, to- 
day, to attempt anything like an elaborate speech 
upon the questions thathave been so much debated. 
The whole country so thoroughly understands 
them, that that is now unnecessary. I shall rather 
direct my remarks to• some of thc practical ques- 
tions which are daily presented, for the phase of 
things is constantly changing, and new issues are 
cohtinually presented. The message of the Presi- 
dent is commendable in its spirit und tern per, what- 
cvor gcntlemen may think of its specific recom- 
mendations. 
I have, myself, regularly voted with the honor- 
able Senator from Kentucky [Mr. CRITTENDEN] 
for his proposition to compromise existing diff- 
cullies; and I shall continue to vote for any meas- 
ure that may improve the existing status, whether 
it, in my judgment, be all that the South is entitled 
to ask or not, leaving to my constituents and other 
southern States the right to determine how far it 
satisfies them. But I have felt all the time, that 
unless some Inovcmcnt camc from the. other side 
of the Chamber, or was at least taken up by them, 
any effort on our part would be futile. Even 
though every Democratic member should vote for 
a proposition, and that should chance to be ama- 
jority, yet we could not here pass a proposition 
for an amendment to the Constitution by the ne- 
cessary two-th irds vote, nor carry any proposition 
through the House of Representatives, much less 
cause its adoption by the free States. 
The wholc country looked to the speech of the 
honorable Senator from New York, [Mr. SEW- 
A RD,] made some two weeks since, in the hope that 
it might present a basis for adjustment. Though 
that speech was conciliatory in its tone, in its , 
practical rccommendations it failed to meet, I anl 
sorry to say, the anticipations of the people of tho , 
South. I understood him only to say, kn substance 
that he was willing, ih the first place, to provide 
that slavery never should be interfered with in the 
States—a point about which no great anxiety is 
felt at this time; next, that hc was willing that that 
provision of the Constitution which relates to the 
ret.urn of fugitive slaves. should be made a perma- 
nent and irrepealable one; (that is a provision 
which heretofore has been, in fact, very incmcicn t. ) 
But, upon the great question of the Territories, I 
understood l)im to say that he would be disposed 
to vote for the proposition of the honorable Scin- 
ator from Minnesota, [Mr. RICE,] provided there 
were a repeal of the existing organic 
laws, if it 
were not that the proposition of that Senator, 
making arranoen')ents for the future division of the 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
723 
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from 
North Carolina, in endeavoring to state my posi- 
tions, has perhaps conw as ncar to accuracy as 
onc standing in his posi lion would be apt to under- 
stand them. If he will allow me, I wish barely to 
correct him in one or two points. 1 required the 
repeal, not of the laws of New IVIcxico, but of all 
the ormanic laws of all the Territories of the Uni- 
ted States that were to be created into States, ac- 
cording to the proposition of the Senator from 
Minnesota [Mr. RICE] to organize States. 
1 then 
stated that I did not see how provision could con- 
stitutionalfy be made at this time which would 
secure a proper subdivision of two such vast 
States at proper limes, and that it seemed to me 
the embarrassments that would result if this were 
not done would- be as great as tho advantages to 
be derived from adopting the rneasure. There is 
not much misunderstanding about that. 
When the honorable Senator says I suggested 
a national convention, he means to state the prop- 
osition fairly, but gives it the effect ofa proposi- 
tion for a national convention one, two, or three 
years after these secession movements could have 
been arrested. So I understood him. iVhat I 
said i.vas, when thcsc erratic moverncnls of seces- 
Sion or dissolution shall have becn arrested one 
year, two years, or three years hence; that is, 
whenever arrested within one year, and suppos- 
ing that the disunionist might require more than 
one, I stated two, thrcc, just so 
just so long as the seceding States should require, 
before being ready to go into convention—as that., 
1 could wait in order to have a proper consulta- 
tion whether any of the States have such griev- 
ances as require relief by amendments of the Con- 
stitation. 
Mr. CLINGIMAN. Mr. President, 1 very 
happy to afford the honorable Senator from Now 
York an opportunity of making this explanation. 
I did not greatly misunderstand Ilis position, 
though I may not have been felicitous in stating 
it. My purpose. was to call the attention of the 
honorable Senator to the presen t emergency, with 
a view of showing him that the remedy which he 
indicated would not reach the case. 
1 
greatly 
fear, sir, that the Senator from New York, and 
gontlcmcn on that Sidc of the Chamber, if they 
are candid in stating their impressions—and I do 
not question their candor—altocrether 
stand the naturc of this movement. Before speak- 
ing directly to thosc points to which I wish to 
call the attention of Senators, if they wifl pardon 
me, I will endeavor to state, in as few, plain sen- 
t.ences as can conunand, what I deem it to be that 
is nosy operating on the mind of the southern 
Slates, and driving then) into resistance. 
FINhe honorable Senator fr02n Ncvt York, in one 
of his speeches last fall in the Northwest, said 
States, was, in his.judgment, unconstitutional; and that the Governynent of the United States had 
if that division did not take. place, the mischief I 
, in 1820, diverted from its former course, 
would be greater than that under which we now I and thrown intoawrong direction; in other words, 
that, for forty years past, it was movine upon 
labor. 
In other words—and I do not wish to do injus- an improper track, and that its coursc was now 
—I undersiood to bc essentially changed. Well, sir, during that 
tice to thc Senator from New York 
him to state three formidable objections to that 
proposition. First, requiring the repcal of the I 
orqranic laws, by which, I presume, he meant that 
the New Mexican slave code should be repealed; 
and oven if this x.vcre done, there stood a consti- 
tutional objection which he cannot get over, and 
if it were modified so as to provide that these 
States to be permanent, then he hoEds they 
will be so vast that they will brincr greater mis- 
chief on the country than it is already laborincr 
under. Upon other points, do the Senator the 
justice to say that he eulogized the Union hand- 
sornely, and showed 4 that it might be productive 
of great mischief to dissolve it; and he also de- 
clared that, after this' eccen tric secession move- 
ment had come to an end, Ollie, two, or three years 
hence, he would be disposed to see a convention 
called to amend the Constitution. 
It struck Ine 
that thc position of the hor)orable Senator on the 
present crisis was like that of a man who, when 
timc our Government has been administered by 
Monroe and John Quincy Adams, by Jackson 
and Van Buren, by Elarrison and 'I' yler, by Polk 
and Taylor, and by Fillmore, Pcarcc, and Buch- 
anan. During these forty years, therefore, ad- 
ministered in that way, t.he honorable Senator 
and those who act with him hold that the Gov- 
ernment has been wrong, and they now propose 
to reverse its action. Wroncr in what respect? 
Why, in admitting, the act of 1820, that the I 
southern States were entitled to go with their 
property into a portion of the public territory. 
I understand it, 
and as 
The whole purpose, as 
the people df the South understand it, of this Rc- 
publican movenncnt, is •to produce a now condi- 
tion of things. They say, in effect, 
you of the 
South are not, to have the influenc,o or the privi- 
lcges of the Government that you heretofore had. 
It cannot bc pretended tllat, during this period, 
we have had an undue power over the Adminis- 
a city v,ras on fire and the flames were spreading tration; for the presidential office has been fairly 
far and wide, instead of advising means to stop divided between the sections; and, for the last 
even if they menaced us with no practical wrong, 
in my judgment, sqch a policy would justify re- 
, sistance; for I know of no nation, no community, 
that ever consented to acceptan inferior position 
without, in the end, being ruined. 
But the practical measures which these gentle- 
I men propose are, in my in the. highest 
degree dangerous. Look, Mr. President, over 
the southern country, and ask yourself what would 
be the greatest injury that could be done to it? It 
would not be the establishment of a monarchy, or 
a military despotism, because we know that mon- 
archies and military despotisms often afford a high 
degree of security and civil liberty to those sub- 
ject to them. The greatest possible injury would 
be to liberate the slaves, and leave them as free 
negrocs in those communities. 
It is sometimes 
said that they are worth in money. 
This, I suppose, is true; L»ut that is only a portion 
of thc pecuniary loss, if we were deprived of them. 
In the North, for example, if the horses and work- 
ing cattle were removed, in addition to their other 
property, such as vehicles and working utensils, 
the lands themselves would be rendered value- 
less to a great extent; and so, in fact, if you •svere 
to liberate the slaves of the South, so great would 
bc the loss that financial ruin w•ould be inevitable. 
And yet, sir, 
this is not thc greatest evil. 
that social destruction of our society by infusino• 
E into it a large. free negro population that is most 
dreaded. Northern gentlemen may realize the 
evil, perhaps,' by considering this case, which I 
put to them. Thenegroesofthe South are, in most 
of the States, worth more than the lands. Sup- 
pose there was a proposition now to abolish land 
titles through the free States, that, if adopted, 
would produce immense mischief; but, in addition , 
sypposc there were to be transferred to those States 
a fi•ce necrro population, equal to half their own, 
or, as they have eighteen million people, turn 
loose among them a population equat to nine mil- 
lion frec blacks, and that accompanied with thc 
destruction of the land titles and abolition of the 
landed property: would not the people of those 
States at once rise in rebellion agaipst such meas- 
ures ? 
The British newspapcrs seem at a loss to ac- 
count for the excitement and revolution prevailing 
in this country. It is very natural that they should 
not understand it, because they draw their ideas 
altogether from opinions expressed in the North, 
which are tit'ljust to our section, and partly, also, 
from the condition things prevailing in Europe. 
There, revolutions do not occur except from ex- 
treme physical suffering. 
The consequence 
that Great Britain, before our Revolution, could 
not understand that our people would make a rev- 
olution upon what Mr. YVebstcr declared was a 
mere preamble—a merc assertion of the right of 
Great Britain to tax us; and they never did real- 
i'/.e, unt.il the war had actually begun, that we 
would fight merely to escape a contemptible tea- 
tax of three cents a pound. So,' seeing that the 
United States is one of the most prosperous coun- 
tries upon the earth, they do. not scem to realize 
the idea that we should go to war upon a mere 
question of right, bcforc actual suffering had be- 
gun. Now, Mr. President, our slave property 
exceeds the national debt of England in value. 
Flow long could a ministry stand that was for the 
abolition of that national debt? too, 
that the population of the British Isles is three 
times as great as ours; and it would have to be 
increased threefold to make the losses there pro- 
portionatcly as great as those the abolition of 
slavery would inflict upon us. 
But again, sir, this is only a partial statement 
of the case. 
In England they arc very hostile to a Catholic 
monarcil. 
I f' tl'ierc were a Catholic monarch on 
[ho throne, it might produce a revolution. But 
suppose England were unit_ed with a country like 
France, greater in population ; and that that coen- 
try had the power to impose a Catholic monarch 
on England against the wish and feeling of the 
cntirc body of the people in the British Isles; and 
that it was known that that monarch favored thc 
the fire immediately, should enter into an elabor- i twelvc years, during which the sectional troubles ,abolition of the national debt: does any man doubt 
ate speech upon the inexpediency and mischief 
of a: city burnt, and suggests that when I 
the heat and fury of the conflagration had come 
to an end, it might be well to have an assemblage 
of the poopie and see if there could not be madc 
some provision to prevent similar evils. 
it has been entirely in the 
that the British Isles would be in a blaze of revo- 
have been acro•ravated, 
I say that the. whole ! lution? And yet, sir, that. is not as strong a casc 
hands of northern rnen. 
purport of thc movement, as understood at the as that which is now prcscntcd to the South. 
I am told, however, by gentlemen, with a great 
South, is this: " Your institutions are not equal 
to ours, and you must accept an inferior position deal of semning• plausibility, that this is a condi- 
tion of things that cannot be carried out; that, 
1 am free to say, sir, 
under the Govcrnmcnt. ' 
