728 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 4, 
Forsyth and Scott and Harrison and Johnson. 
When pressed by a formidable foe, the North did 
not refuse the aid of these southern barbarians. 
If it has now grown to be so great that it regards 
a further association with them an encumbrance 
or a disgrace, then, for the sake of past recollec- 
tions, why not let them go in peace ? 
The Senator from New York said on one occa- 
sion, not long since, that, in this dispute beween 
the North and the South, it was a: matter of con- 
science with thc North, while with the South it 
was only a matter of interest; and therefore the 
South ought to yield. By this mode, the con- 
science ofthe North can be relieved without sub- 
jecting the South to financial bankruptcy, politi- 
cal degradation, and social ruin. The anti-slavery 
current can then run its course unchecked and 
untrammeled. It has already demanded, at Bos- 
ton, the removal of the statue of Daniel Webster 
because he was willing to colnprornise with the 
South. How long will it be until it roaches that 
stage when it will require that the statues of such 
slaveholders as Washington and Jackson shall 
be thrown into the Potomac, the monument of 
the former razed to the ground, and the very 
name of this city chånged to one of harmony with 
the anti-slavery feeling? Hereafter, if the North 
should meet adverse fortune, and again change its 
views, then there might be a reunion and a recon- 
struction of the Government. Twice did the Ple- 
bians secede, and twicezdid the haughty Patricians 
make such terms of conciliation as rendered Rome 
the foremost empire upon earth. 
If the States were now divided into two con- 
federacies, and their interests required a union, I 
do not know why it might not occur. But war 
places an impassable gulf betwcen them. A Ro- 
man embassador, addressing those to whom he 
was sent. said: " I carry in my bosom peace and 
Reversing his dec- 
war; which will you have? 
laration, I say to Senators on the other side of 
this Chamber, " You carry in your bosoms, for 
the country, peacc or war; which do you rnean 
to give it?" 
If you say war, then our people will 
meet you, and strucygle with you all alon" the 
lines, and wherever else you come; and they will 
defend their honor and the safety of their wives 
and children, with the same spirit and resolution 
which was exhibited at Sullivan's Island and at 
King's Mountain, at Yorktown and at New Or- 
leans, and over the many battle-fields of Mexico. 
I have no doul)t the South will make a triumphal 
defense if assailed ; •but sooner than submit io dis- 
grace and degradation, she would, if fall she must, 
rather go down like the strong man of the Bible, 
carrying with her the main pillars of the edifice, 
the edifice itself, and the lords of the Philistines, 
into one common ruin. 
Mr. HALE. I only wish to saya word or two; 
but desire to notice one or two things that the 
honorable Senator from North Carolina has said. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
the chair.) The Chair understands that thc Sen- 
ator from Tenncssce is next entitled to the floor 
on the special order. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
I was about 
to move that.— 
The PRESIDING OFFfCF,R. The Senator 
from New Ham pshire is entitled to the floor, unless 
he yields it. 
Mr. HALE. I do not want to occupy the floor 
more than ten minutes; but if there was any ar- 
ratvernent by which the Senator was to have it, 
of course I will give way. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
I will yield to 
the gentleman. 
Mr. HALE. I simply wanted to call attention 
to one or two things that dropped from the hon- 
orable Senator from North Carolina. I want to 
protest here, for one of the northern States, against, 
the tone of the Senator's speech, in which, look- 
in" to v,rar, he talks to us as if we were the war- 
makil'ig• power. Have we seized upon any forts ? 
Have we taken any arsenals, and seized upon any 
mints? Have we done one single act looking to 
accrression? Have we fired into any flag, State 
or llational? On the other hand, is not the con- 
dition of the northern States one that subjects 
them, in the eyes of thc world, to the charge of 
pusillanimity and reproach for wanting manliness 
in repellitv the attacks that havc been made upon 
to us as if we were the aggressive party; as if t.he 
responsibilities of war must rest on us. Why, 
sir, if we have any of the responsibilities of war 
resting •upon us, it will be by a course of conduct 
which subjects us, in the eyes of the world, to the 
imputation of cowards—that lies still and invokes 
ao•cvresslon . 
The Senator was eloquent; but I want to cor- 
rect one other misapprehension; only one. Speak- 
ing of the contingencies of war—and I was sorry 
that the Senator went so far into that matter, be- 
cause talking about such things has a tendency to 
bring them on; it is said the Devil is never so near 
as when you talk about him; and this devil of war 
never will be so near as when he is constantly 
talkcd about—in speculating upon the contin- 
gencies that await the state of war, the honorable 
Senator dwelt upon that force which would be 
found in the northern States favorable to him and 
adverse to the country where they lived. Sir, I 
would do anything to avoid war that any honor- 
able man could do; but Ict not the Senator lay that 
flatterirv unction to his soul. I tell him, if we do 
have war—God, in his providence, avert It! 
.—the 
first thing we will do Will be to dispose of north- 
crn traitors. We shall not go South. 
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, if Senator will 
allow me, I should like to know whom he calls 
traitors ? 
Mr. HALE. 1 was about to state. 
Mr. LANE. I should like to know whom he 
means when he speaks of northern traitors. 
Mr. HALE. I will tcll him cxactly, so that he 
can know every one of them: I mean just exactly 
the men who. as the Senator from North Carolina 
said, would be found in the northern States fight- 
ing against their own States if war came. 
Mr. LANE. Fighting for the Union, Mr. Pres- 
ident—for the rights of the States; and let not 
him or any other man call them traitors. 
not allow any gentleman to use the term. I say, 
northern Incn that he will have to fight belong 
to that portion of the Norlh that stands by the 
Constitution, by the rights of all the States, by 
the equality of the States, and the right of every 
naan from every Stale to go into the Territories 
with his property; and neither .he nor any other 
man must call them traitors. 
Mr. HALE. Mr. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the honorable Senator , 
will allow me, I think he is laboring under quitc a 
misapprehension. I did not state that all) y man 
in the North would fight on our side. 
I referred 
to what Lord Chatham said in England—that he 
rejoiced America had resisted; and I said that 
many men in thc North would entertain those 
sentiments, and would not cordially coöperate in 
any movement against us. Thatwasalll said, sir. 
Mr. HALE.' 1 am glad to hear that 
tion . 
I think the Senator went a little further; 
but however, do not want to press him. I do 
not want to have any controversy with the Scn- 
atop from Oregon. I am not going to definc any 
man 's position; nor am going to define it before 
he selects it, or after. I leave every man to choose 
for himself; but I repeat what I began with, that 
if we arc forced into a war, I tell you we will deal 
with all domestic questions without any advice 
from anybody. 
Now, I have but a single v,'ord more to say, 
in reply rather to the Senator's rhetoric than to 
his logic. He says the most imposing thing that 
he has seen in this body wras when those Senators 
announced that they '•.verc about to retire thc other 
day. Sir, I saw a ceremony simpler than that, 
and vastly more imposing, about the same time. 
It was when my friend from the State of Maine, 
[Mr. MORRILL,] coming here under an election of 
his State, walked upto that desk, and held up his 
right hand and called God to witness that he would 
support the Constitution of the United States. 
That was vastly more imposing to me. The hon- 
orable Senator asks, in that overflowing rhetoric 
with which he has delighted the Senate so long, 
" What will you say when the ten tribes go out?" 
Sir, I was glad to hear that. Ten tribes did go 
out from the kingdom of Israel, but the ark of i 
the covenant of the living God remained with the 
tribe of Judah. [A_pplause in the galleries.] 
The PRESIDING OFFICER called to order. 
Mr. HALE. 1 think the galleries ought to be 
exctlsed for applauding a referencc made to the 
Scriptures. [Laughter.] I say, there is where the I 
them? Gentlemen come here and preach peace ark of the covenant remained. What became of 
the ten tribes ? They have gone God only knows 
where, and nobody else. 
It is a matter of spec- 
ulation what became of them; x.vhether they con- 
stitute the Pottawatomies, or some other tribc of 
American savares. I recollect a friend said to me 
the other day, when the Japanese were here, " I 
am glad the Japanese came; for," said he, " I 
have learned more history from them than i did 
from all the books I ever read; I now know what 
became of the ten tribes; they settled Japan." 
[Laughter.] Wcll,sir, thatisaspcculation. Now, 
this was suggested by the honorable Senator from 
North Carolina; and it is full of meaning. There 
were ten tribes Nient out; and remember, they went 
out wandering. They left the ark and the empire 
behind them. They went, as said before, God 
only knows where. But, sir, I do hope and pray 
that this comparison, so eloquent and Instructive, 
suggested by the honorable Senator, may not be 
illustrated in the fate of these other tribes that are 
going out from the household of Israel. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 hope the special order will 
now be taken up, the unfinished business of last 
Saturday. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special or- 
der is now before the Senate, which is the ques- 
tion of printing extra numbers of the President's 
message transmitting to the Senate certain reso- 
lutions of the Legislature of the State of Virginia. 
Mr. GREEN. That was taken up by common 
consent, without displacing the other. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
I will move 
that it be postponed until to-morrow. 
Mr. GREEN. Let it postponed until to-mor- 
row, because. it was taken up by common con- 
sent without displacing the other order, which is 
a bill to establish a territorial government for 
the Territory of Idaho. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. With the per- 
mission of the Senator from Missouri, I will move 
to postpone it until one o'clock to-morrow, and 
make it the special order for that hour. 
The motion was agreed to. 
TERRITORY OF COLORADO. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
observe that there is another special order which 
appears to have been informally passed over, rel- 
ative to which there is no motion made. It is the 
bill declaratory of the acts for carrying into effect 
the ninth article of the treaty between the United 
States and Spain. 
NIr. GREEN. The unfinished business has 
priority over that. 
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. unfinished 
business is the bill (S. No. 366) to provide a ter- 
ritorial government for the 'Territory of Colorado; 
and that is the business now before the Senate. 
The Senate resumed the consideration of the 
Mr. GREEN. There is a slight change in the 
boundary suggested by the friends of the adjoin- 
ing Territories of New Mexico and Utah; aid as 
it seems to meet with general acceptance, I send 
it to the Secretary's table to be read. 
I will briefly explain it, and the Senate will un- 
derstand it in a moment. 
It proposes only two 
changes. The reason for that is, that a portion 
of the inhabitants of Utah Territory have settled 
there, and this would have a tendency, if the bill 
rctnains as it now is, to divide them. They had 
better all remain together. 
I have no objection 
to that modification. T hc other change is to take 
off that notch above 370 of New Mexico. Iam 
opposed to that; but still I rnovc it, because I want 
the thing all settled; and see no good reason 
why it should not bc adopted. The only thing 
can say is this: the Delegate from that Territory 
says a portion of his people—natives of New 
Mexico, speaking that language—have settled up 
there, and he wants a homoffeneous people all 
kept together. There is some force in that; but 
still, I think, in parceling out and shaping Terri- 
tories and States, we ought to have reference to 
the permanent good of the Territory, rather than 
a lernporary accommodation. 
The Secretary read the amendment; to strike 
outin the first section thc following words: " The 
said boundary line of New Mexico to the point 
of intersection of its easterly part with the thirty- 
seventh degree," and to insert in lieu thereof, the. 
wordso" 
the thirty-seventh parallel of north lat- 
itude," so that it will read : 
Thence south on said rneridian of New Mexico ; thence 
