730 
Mr. SHERMAN. well) it up. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 4, 
McCLERNAND. 1 ask leave to offer the 
Following resolution , to which, I think, there ought 
to be no objection, and to which I hope there will 
be no objection: 
Whereas it is reported that near a million dollars, con-• 
sisting the money of the United States and of individual 
deposltors, was lately in the custody of the superintendent 
of the mint of the United States at the city o? Netv Or- 
reans ; and whereas it is also reported that that officer has 
refused to pay a- draft of the United States out of their own 
money in his custody, and has appropriated the whole of 
the contents of said mint to the use ot• the revolutionary 
authorities in the State of Louisiana, and has put the Uni- 
ted States at defiance ; and whereas it is also reported that 
the same revolutionary authorities have seized the custorn- 
house of the United States at said city : Therefore, 
Resolved, That the President of the United States be. re. 
spectfully requested to communicate to this House, at an 
early day, if, in his judgment, 110t incompatible with the 
public interests, the facts in relation to the atOresaid mat- 
ters» and what, if any, steps he has taken or contcrnplates 
to recover possession of said treasure and property. 
Mr. BURNETT. If thegentleman from Illi- 
nois will just offer his resolution of inquiry, I 
will offer no objection to it; but with tho preamble 
to his resolution I think it objectionable. I there- 
fore cannot go for the preamble, but I will go for 
the resolution with a great deal of cheerfulness. 
I cannot agree to the reception of the resolution 
in its present form. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Theprcamble only re- 
cites what is represented to be matters of report. 
It avers nothing. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 understand that. 
If the 
gentleman will just call on the President of the 
Ünited States to furnish any information not in- 
compatible with the public service, in regard to 
the seizure of money belonging to the Federal 
Government, in the city of New Orleans, or in 
regard to the refusal to pay drafts drawn on any 
United States officer there by the Government, I 
will vote for it; but I cannot agree to its reception 
in its present form. 
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to Ine that the 
resolution of the gentleman from Illinois 
Mr. CRAIGE, Carolina. 1 object to 
debate. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 am willing to accept 
tho modification suggested. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 move to amend the reso- 
lution of the gentleman from Illinois, so as to 
call on thc President for any information in his 
possession in regard to this matter. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 modifica- 
tion. 
Mr. CRAIG E, of North Carolina. I object to 
the reception of the resolution. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. am surprised that 
any member of this House. should object to a res- 
olution of this kind. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. And 1 am 
surprised that a gentleman, professing to enter- 
tain the principles held by the gentleman from 
Illinois, should present such a resolution. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 am surprised that 
any gentleman here, objecting to submission, 
should not object to the usurpations of revolu- 
tionary authorities. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. 1 deny all 
the allegations in the preamble of the gentlernan 's 
resolution. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. There is no 
in the preamble, sir. 
It only recites what pur- 
ports to be matter of report, and the resolution is 
predicated on that. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. If we were 
to base resolutions on every idle newspaper report, 
we would have plenty to do. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 must object to debate. 
The gentleman from North Carolina objected to 
my making a remark. 
EVENING SESSION. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Several gentlemen desire 
that the debate on the report of the committee of 
th irty-three shall bc carried on in even irwr session. 
thcrcforc ask unanimous consent that a recess 
shall be taken from four o'clock till seven for this 
week for debate. 
Mr. LOGAN. I hope that the proposition will 
not be adopted. 
Mr. SHERMAN. benefit 
of gentlemen generally. 
Mr. LOGAN. If the evening session is for tho 
purpose gentlemen to read what they 
havc written as speeches, I have no objection; 
but gentlemen who have the floor now are not in 
the habit of reading communications to tho House, 
and do not want to spepk in the night to the Chair, 
without any one LO pay attention to them. have 
been here during two of the night sessions, and 
I have not noticed the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. 
SHERMAN at any of them. 
Mr.SH *'RMAN. I never attend nightsessions. 
Mr. LOGAN. Now, sir, if eveninT sessions 
are to be held for the purpose of allowing gentle- 
men to read written speeches, I have no objection. 
But I have a right to the floor whenever the House 
takes up the report of the committee of thirty- 
three. I have no written speech. I never write 
one; and do not intend to speak at night to empty 
benc.hes, and hope the House will not force me 
to it. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have only made the mo- 
tion for the benefit of other gentlemen entirely, 
it will be no benefit 
Mr. LOGAN. well, sir, 
to me. 1 do not want to speak at any night ses- 
sion. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 would suggesta 
compromise in relation to this question. 
pose that none but extemporaneous speeches shall 
be made in the morning, and none but •.vritten 
speeches shall bc made at night. [Laughter.] 
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to that. 
Mr. CA REY. •I take this opportunity of ascer- 
taining, if I can, what a gentleman has to do in 
this House in order to obtain the floor to speak. 
Mr. KILGOR.E. Oh, that is a bargain to be 
made with the Chair. 
Mr. CA REY. I have been wanting to make a 
few remarks for some time, upon the matters 
pending before the House; but I do not under- 
stand precisely the way of getting the floor. 
understand there is a system here of farming out 
the floor, and that a gentleman cannot have the 
right to speak except he complies with all the 
requirernents of that system. I want to know 
how, precisely, the right is to be obtained? I-low 
did the gcntlcman from Illinois obtain that right ? 
Mr. LOGAN. I obtained the right by comincy 
here and sitting here until ten o'clock for t.wo 
sucossive nights beftn•c I could succeed in being 
recognized by the Chair. 
Mr. CA REY. That is all vcry satisfactory, as 
far as the gentleman is concerned; but that does 
not answer the question how these rights are 
generally obtained ? 
Mr. LOGAN. That is the way I obtained my 
Mr. CAREY. well, sir, 1 hoar ofgentlemon 
having their names recorded for tbefloorfor weeks 
before the subject even comes up for discussion. I 
protest against such a practice prevailing here. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio 
is laboring under a very great mistake, so far as 
the Chair is concerned, in supposing that gentle- 
men 's names arc recorded for the floor for weeks 
in advance. The gentlcman from Ohio has never 
infomned the Chair of his desire to address the 
House. T hc Chair ncvcr heard a word of it 
bcCorc. 
I hope the 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. 
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [MI'. SHER- 
MAN] will prevail. in reply to the gentleman fi•orn 
Illinois, [Mr. LOGAN,] I have only to say that but 
few speeches delivered in this House are listened 
to, but are read by t.hc constituencies of the gen- 
tlemcn who deliver them on this floor, and [heir 
respective merits passed upon by the people of 
Mr. KILLINGER. resolution. 
The motion of Mr. SHERMAN was agreed to; 
and the order made that debate be closed on the 
pending amendment of the Senate to the deficiency 
bill, in two hours after the consideration of the 
same shall be resumed in the Committee of the 
Whole on the State of the Union. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now move that the rules 
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself 
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of 
the Union. 
The. motion was agreed to. 
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the 
House resolved itself into the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. BURNETT 
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the 
special order, being the Senate amendments to the 
bill (H. R. No. 866) to supply deficiencies in the 
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year 
ending June 30, 1861, the pending question being 
on Mr. MORSE's amendment to the third amend- 
ment of the Senate, as follows: 
Add at the end ot the amendment as follows : 
Protided, That no part of the sum hereby appropriated 
shall bc drawn from toe I'reasury until after such conditions 
and regulations have been cstabkishcd by the Prcsideut in 
reförence to supplying coal under said contract, and for the 
performance of all the provisions of the same, as will fully 
protect the United States against t.he failure or incapacity 
of said Thompson or said Chiriqui Improvement Company 
to fulfill its stipulations: Protidcd.further, That the United 
States shall acquire no right of sovereignty over any terri- 
tory in the Republic of New Granada or Costa Rica, nor 
any right to transport troops or munitions of war over such 
territory under or by virtue of the contract recited in this 
act, unless the same be voluntarily consented to by said 
Republic. 
To which the following was offered by Mr. 
POTTLE: 
Provided further, That no part ot• the sum hereby appro- 
priated shall be paid until a railway be completed and put 
in operation upon the roadway named in said conditional 
contract. 
The Senate amendment being. as follows: 
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to carry out the 
conditional contract made by him with the Chiriqui Im- 
provement Company and Ambrose W. Thompson, on the 
2 st day of May, 1859, tor the purpose of securing to the 
it.od States certain valuable privileges and rights speci- 
ed in said contract, and which said contract is hereby 
pproved, $300,000. 
On which Mr. M0RsE vvas entitled to the floor. 
Mr. MORSE addressed the committee for an 
hour in favor of a concurrcnce in the amendment 
[I-lis remarks will be published 
of the Senate. 
in the Appendix.] 
Mr. STEVENS, Mr. Chair- 
man, I am aware that but few gentlemen in the 
House at this time can be expected to examine a 
subject of this kind thoroughly enough to form 
a conclusion, by wading through the mass of 
matter, relevant and irrelevant, authentic and spu- 
rious, to be met with in the report in this case. 
But it became my duty, as one of the Committee 
of Ways and Means, bound to look into this 
thing, to examine it thoroughly from top to bot- 
tom. I have done so according to the best of my 
ability, with a grcat desire to find it a just claim 
—for some of my most intimate friends are deeply 
interested in its success—but I have come to dif- 
ferent conclusions. These conclusions are as fol- 
lows: 
In thc first place, Mr. Thompson has nota par- 
I ticle of title to any onc of the things which he 
oflörs to sell us; and I will demonstrate that be- 
In the next place, if he had 
fore I get through. 
the best title in the world, the privilege is not 
the country. I do not proposc to read a written worth a farthing to himself or anybody else. In 
essay; but I do desire to submit my vicsys to the 
House on the political crisis, and then to review 
and write them out, that my constituents and the 
people of my State may know my views on the 
sub'ect. 
SPEAKER. The question before the 
House is, shall the House take a recess for the 
present week from four o'clock to seven o'clock, 
for the purpose of debate only? 
Mr. LOGAN. 1 object. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Why, sir, 1 the 
debate upon this subject is to bc closed on Thurs- 
The SPEAKER. The question before the 
House, tlicn, is upon closing debate in two hours 
on the pending amendment of the Senate to the 
deficiency bill. 
I Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The gentleman 
I from Ohio yields to me to offer a resolution for 
I reference only. 
the third place, if hc had thc title, and if the priv- 
ileges were valuable, he could not transfer them 
to the United States; and the very transfer which 
hc has attempted to make now, has forfeited all 
If I do not demonstrate these things 
his rights. 
clearly, and to the satisfaction of the few gentle- 
men who are accustomed to look into matters of 
this kind, thcn I have deceived myself. 
Mr. Chairman, the scene—it is well we should 
know its location—of this South Sea bubble is 
tract of land which makes the northern part of the 
Isthmus of Panama. I infer it from Morse's GC- 
ography, and our own treaties. I cannot be mis- 
I taken in that, so far as the New Granadian con- 
It is the northern part of the 
tract is concerned. 
Isthmus of Panama, about sixty or seventy miles 
north of the railroad that crosses at Panama. That 
railroad is forty-seven miles in lcnffth. From the 
I lagoon of Chifiqui to the town of David, where 
I the first grant goes—and which the chairman of 
