732 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 4, 
privilege of navigating and using all ports and 
harbors in that neighborhood. Who believes that 
he has any control over them? Nobody can be- 
lieve that he can confer any such privileges. No 
doubt Mr. Thompson has been induced to make 
this offer by the example of the ancient speculator 
who, from the top of a high mountain, offered the 
kingdoms of the earth, which he did not own an 
inch of. [Laughter.] 
But he has granted something more. He has 
granted the right to transport troops and muni- 
tions ot war across this read. Does not the grant 
from New Granada provide that troops and mu- 
nitions of war belonging to a foreign Government 
shall not pass over that road unless with its con- 
sent? Certainly it does. But my friend says, why, 
to be sure, we had better pay this and then get 
permission from the Government of New Géa- 
nada. My idea is, that we had better get permis- 
Sion first, and when we have obtained it, in my 
opinion, wc are in a condition to know exactly 
what we are getting for our money. When we 
buy from Mr. Thompson, or this company, we 
get no privilege. By the language of his grant, 
any infraction of its provisions, it is stated, shall 
be its revocation. That is not all. Mr. Thomp- 
son is fully authorized to transfer his privileges 
to any person or persons, company or companies, 
with the sole condition that that road shall be 
improved; but in no case can he transfer any of 
them to any foreign Government. After that, 
will anybody tell me what we are after? [Laugh- 
ter.] Will anybody tell rne what it is we are 
to get ? 
I admit that Costa Rica, which lies north and 
adjoining New Granada, has granted to Mr. 
Thompson, since the contract was first drawn 
out, the right to make a railroad, and put it into 
operation, from the gulf of Golfito to thc Pacific 
ocean, about one hundred miles. 
In the first 
place, has hc any title ? By the terms of the grant, 
he was to build that road and put it into opera- 
tion before he got a title. Not only that. I-Ie 
was, at the expiration of six months from the time 
his contract was approved, to deposit in 
the treasury of Costa Rica. Six months have ex- 
pired, and $100,000 remains yet undeposited. The 
honorable gentleman from New York said that 
the grant had pot been approved by the Congress 
of Costa Rica; and that, therefore, the six months 
yet remained. 
If' that be so, then why are we 
asked to buy the grant as good, if it has not yet 
been approved? It has never been before the Con- 
gress of Costa Rica; and we do not know that it 
will be approved. We arc asked, sir, to pay the 
before it is pretended the grant has any 
validity. 
Not only that. By the very terms of the grant, 
we havc no right to it. 'YVhy do I say that? In 
the grant of Costa Rica, (page 60 of the report,) 
there arc a few essential clauses. 
I will read: 
ART. 14. 
"I'hc grantees shall not at any tixne bc 
to discn-l bark or trans: port, nor consent tn the transportation 
or disctn barkation, at any t.hne whatsoever, across the rail- 
arni>-;, In unitibns of war l)Clongü1" to any 
road, of troöps, 
föroign Govcnnncnt, or to individuals or privatc sÖe.ictic3 
(companies.] 'The Republic of Costa Rica only shall pos- 
sess this right." 
That excludes the United States Government, 
as well as fillibuster expeditions, from acquiring 
the rights under the grant to M r, Thompson. 
wii\ read further: 
The infraction ot• this articlc by the grantees, theft 
agents, or those charged with the direction and 
adxninis- 
tration of the enterprise, Shakl forthwith work as a coauplete 
nullity and forfeiture ofthe present contract in all and every 
onc of its parts. aud the confiscation, not only of such arans 
and tnunitions of' war, but also of' the railroad and all its 
works and fixtures." 
Mr. Thompson has consented that we shall dis- 
embark troops there; that we shall disembark 
munitions of war; and, by the clause L have just 
read, it will be seen, by so consontihg, hc 'has 
forfeited all rights and privileges under the grant 
himself. That is not all. 
I will read again; 
18. 'The grantees at no tune sbal! be at liberty, 
under penalty of forfeit all thc privileges of t_his eontraet, 
to transfer or to cede to any fbreign Govennncnt the grant 
of concessions and privileges Iliade to thein by virtue of the 
present contract." 
months after the approval thereof by Congress, the sum of 
$100,000 in cash, which amount shall be returned to thein 
in tbe same form; and without interest, on the completion 
of the railroad." 
The time fixed has expired, and yet not one 
dollar of that sum has yet been deposited. I do 
not think it ever will be. What do we get by the 
If we pass this 
purchase, then? Nothing at all. 
appropriation, then we will pay out the public 
money without getting anything for it. 
But suppose he had the right to grant the privi- 
lege to Congress: is there a railroad there? Not 
at all. Has the first spadeful ofearth been thrown 
up? Has it been located? Not at all. What are 
we buying? We are buying the privilege of trans- 
porting our troops and munitions of war over a 
railroad, which we are prohibited from doing by 
the contract itself. The railroad has never been 
begun, never been located, and there is no guar- 
antee that it ever will be located or laid out and 
finished. But whether that be so or not, it is 
enough for us, I think, to propose buying the 
privilege when it is worth buyine. 
I do not know that I know anything about rail- 
roads myself, although it has been my fortune to 
be president of one for about six or seven years. 
I do knowr that some of these litde Republics of 
Central America know more about railroads upon 
paper than anywherc else. Anybody who knows 
anything about railroads, however, knows from 
the report of this enTineer that it is the emanation 
of a man who is deceived, or of an ionorant man. 
He states that the average of the grades between 
the two oceans is five hundred and eighty feet; 
but that it can be reduced to two hundred and 
ninety feet by doubling—tl'katis by running twenty 
miles this way then twenty miles that, and so on. 
Does anyl)0dy believe a railroad can ever be put 
into operation upon such grades ? Why, sn•, you 
cannot erect a railroad with any advantage with 
curves of a radius less than five hundred fret, and 
then only w hcrl the grade does not ,oxcecd forty 
fcct to tbc mile. So say all the authorities upon 
the subject. An attempt to make a railroad with 
two hundred and ninety feet grade by doublinff 
or cutting it off by tunneling to reduce it to that 
grade, is a matter of the imagination. You might 
as well attempt to make a railroad to a place where 
I hope to go, but which I never knew worked to 
advantage but by one individual, who had both 
fiery steeds and an iron chariot, as to attempt to 
scale such mountains by any power which man 
possesses. 
But we are told by the gentleman from New 
York, [Mr. SICKLES,] that now is the accepted 
lime, and now is the day of salvation; that if we 
Iosc this opportunity, we shall never again get 
such an offer; that there are moneyed men in New 
York willing to give four or five times as much 
for this privilege; that England will get it; that 
France will gel it; and (hat wc must get it now 
or never. if gentlemen will look at it, they 
will see that Mr. Thompson docs not grant to the 
Ullilcd States an exclusive right; and that if we 
were to buy this privilege for $300,000, the same 
privilege may sold to-morrow to these shrewd 
men in New York, and the same privilege could 
be sold to England or to France, because the right 
they _n•opose to sell us is not an exclusive one. 
Al)d t )ere will be room enough over those mount- 
ains for all of us. This cry about other Govern- 
:uents is the same.cry that annexed Texas, and 
may yet seize Cuba. It is one of those fallacies 
which ought not to operate upon a sensible Con- 
ffress. The gentleman from Maine, with great 
and hill(labfe zeal, is for an extended commerce, 
and he has painted to you in glowing colors the 
advantages of commerce. Why, sir, Eve was to 
make a great deal of eating by partaking of for- 
bidden fruit; and we are to make a great deal by 
stealing a grant which we have no right to buy, 
and a privilege which theu can never be enjoyed. I 
Who believes that the connuerce from ocean to 
i ocean will cross att this point? while the 
Isthmus has twenty places narrower than this, 
gain nothing but the right to use a road w'hich 
is not in existence, and which never will be in 
existence. 
1 submit to the House whether the statements 
I have made are not founded upon the testimony 
in this report; and whether, if there be one disin- 
terested man here—and 1 know they are alt dis- 
interested—he can cast his vote for this monstrous 
measure ? 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman, 
it has been my purpose, since this matter has been 
under debate, to take some part in the discussion 
before the House, and had hoped to do so when 
I should have the opportunity to occupy a whole 
hour; and I am especially sorry that iL falls to my 
lot to have only the last half hour allowed to this 
d.iscussion, because, following the gen tleman from 
Pennsylvania, [Mr. STEVENS,] who has just taken 
his seat, I feel that a little more ought to be de-. 
voted to the subject. 
I am young man, and one of my great duties 
as such in a deliberative assembly, is to learn ; and 
I föel that I ought to express, in alf humility, my 
gratitude to the gentleman from Pennsylvania for 
the specimen which he has afforded to me of an 
able and pertinent debate, upon a question of 
large commercial importance. I have known va- 
rious processes by which subjects ill this House 
have been killed. I have scen them struck down 
by the strong hand of argument; I have seen them 
overcome by bursts of eloquence; but I have never 
before seen a subject so attempted to be stung to 
death by small ridicule as this has been by my dis- 
tinguishod friend from Pennsylvania. Now, sir, 
I owe it to myself, as one of the Committee on 
Naval Affairs, who assented to the report of this 
bill; as one of the members of this House, Niho 
at the last session took part in the debate and ad- 
vocated this measure; and owe it to my self-re- 
spcct, after the attack of the gentleman from Penn- 
sylvania, to bring to the attention of this House 
the real points of this case, which, for son)e pur- 
pose or other, hc has not presented, except to place 
them in an absurd liffht, and for the purpose of 
attacking them with ridicule. 
Why, one would suppose there was really 
nothing in this question; that there was nothing 
of merit to commend it to the judgment of mem- 
bcrs; and that there was too little of honesty in it 
to allow conscientious members to vote for it. This 
measure has passed the other branch of Congress 
by thirty-eight against eight negative votes. It has 
received in the Senate the consent of -,ne very best 
men in that body—thc oldcst, the gravest, and 
most reputable Senators of the United States. It 
has received, both as to its title and as to its com- 
mercial importance, upon which it appeals to us, 
the sanction of this nearly unanimous vote. 
It 
has received the sanction of the Navy Depart- 
ment. Its title papers have been submitted to the 
examination of the Attorney General of the Uni- 
ted States, and the Attorney Gencral has pro- 
nonnced them to be in all respects competent and 
valid. The whole question, by the direction of 
Congress at the last session, has been subjected to 
examination by a ernnrnissicm appointed for that 
purpose, upon which Congress has expended 
$10,000. 'l'hat commission has returned; and its 
made by scientific gentlemen, and compe- 
report, 
tent gentlemen, who have not been assailed upon 
this floor, gives entire indorsement to every claim 
which this matter made to Congress at its last 
sess:on. 
T berc is not a single point of objection made 
upon this floor at the last session of Congress 
acrainst this Chiriqui grant which has not been 
entirely met, and conclusively met, by the report 
of this commission. And yet, when the Attorney 
General has certified to the validitv of the title; 
when the Government of the United States has 
deliberately contracted with the parties upon the 
faith and validity of that title; after a cornmission 
of the United States Governrnent has gone out and 
Inade an examination into the practical value of 
the matter; after that commission has returned, 
fully certifying each and every point referred to 
believes that anybody in the interest of the Chiri- 
I qui cmnpany grant will lay out a dollar of the sum I them; and aftei• the Scnate has, by an almost unan- 
wc propose to give to them? rl'he gentleman from i imous vote, indorsed the scheme, gentlemen get 
Can a nu-nnbr:r in Congress, having tho public I i 
money in charge, vote to purchase that? Let the II Maine said we would go on and improve it. The up here and, between a sneer and a laugh, whistle 
gentleman shakes his bead. That. is right; because it down the wind; and honorable gentlemen, it 
yeas and nays show such members to the coun- 
there is no power given to the United States. 
If does seem to me, are almost afraid, under the in- 
try. I read again: 
Thompson and St. James Agnew do not make fluence of the sneer and because of the laughter, 
ART. 20. The grantees, as a guarantee for the fulfiH- 
I this road, there will be no improvement of it, be- to bring themselves up to the question in the fair 
ment of the obligalions incurred 
by the present contract. 
cause the United States has no such power. We II light of the facts and the law which relates to it, 
shall deposit in the national treasury of the Republic, six 
