734 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 4, 
It was then objected 
was up before the House. 
that there was no coal there; that it was all idle 
nonsense; and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, 
[Mr. STEVENS,] in order to maintain that theory, 
now goes so far, in the face of the proof, as to im- 
pute to Mr. Morell or Mr. Agnew the carting to 
a particular piace of certain loads of coal, and 
depositing them, in order to carry out this gross 
deception. Sir, it is hardly possible to look at the 
testimony in the paces of this executive docu- 
ment, and not see that not only is coal there, but 
that it is there in almest exhaustless quantities. It 
is there on the very borders of the bay, so that it 
crops out. And it is stated by the geologist, and 
shown by the analysis of Dr. Jackson, to be of 
the best possible quality for the use of the Navy. 
Certainly, that testimony out to outweigh thc mcrc 
assertions of gentlemen. 
But I observe that my friend from New York 
[Mr. POTTLE] oujectcd, the other day, that iftherc 
was coal there, it was six miles from any point 
where it could be (yot out by the vessels. 
In con- 
nection with that 
want to make two remarks. 
One is— 
Mr. POTTLE. Will the from 
Maryland allow me to set I-iim right? What I did 
say was, that the coal lands were six miles fron•i 
the land proposed to be convcycd to the Govern- 
ment under this contract. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. well, in point 
of fact, I think my friend is mistaken, because 
this testimony shows that while there is coal at 
Changuinola river, six miles from the point where 
we get this land, and while that river is navicra- 
ble, and the coal therefore accessible, there are, in 
the very lands to bc conveyed to the United States, 
places where the coal crops out on the very cdgc 
of the bay, and fron•k which it can be absolutely 
put on board ships lyinc• right under the bluff. 
Mr. Chainnqn, the pao•es of this report dernon- 
strate that there is an immense quantity of coal 
"I"he coal has becn brought home, not in 
caro•oes for use, but in samples for analysis. An 
analysis has been made, and the good quality of 
the coal has been fully and succcssfuily estab- 
lished. But gen t.lcnoen seem to overlook another 
thing which the Governrncnt of the United States 
gets by this transfer. We showcd, in our report 
to thc"House last session, that, by this arran«e- 
mcl')t, tho Government would save, in the cost of 
, as compared with its present expenditure, 
a year. 
[ desire, further, to call the attention of the com- 
mittee to the fact that instead of this $300,000 bc- 
in" an cnornxous outlay, the, whole amot_lnt would 
be saved by the Government in two years and 
less, on the single item of coal. 
Indeed, almost 
the whole amount would be saved in the course of 
the first year ()l• two, in the cost of the store-ships 
and supply-ships which tho Government now 
has I y incr at I)anzuua and Aspinwall. I desire the 
com rnit 
into consideration this fact: 
that the United States not only gets thc coal it 
Inay l.l.sc, under this contract, at a cheaper rate, 
bat it also gets naval stations right upo\i tho shore 
of these bays upon the Atlantic and Pacific side. 
Captain Engle testifies that these bays are the 
rnost Imagnificcnt on the continent; that the waters 
arc fathoms deep right up to thc very lai')d. The 
report as to tbc timber states that upon 
this tract of land ceded to the United States the 
timber is nnost abundant, and of the best kind for 
ship-build ing. 
Now, Mr. Chairman, the Government of New 
Granada had the right to cede to these parties thcse 
teri thousand acres of land. These parties had 
the right to cede these lands to the Government of' I 
the United States, They propose to do so, in 
express accordance, as gentlemen will find, with 
one of the provisions of the Newr Granadian con- 
stitution. 
fl'hcy will find, upon page 13, that 
the New Granadian Senate declares it is desir- 
Now, Mr. Chairman, I discover that I havc but 
or three minutes of my time left, and I dcsirc 
the attention of the committcc to some points that 
I shall recapitulate. I say that this executive doc- 
ument substantiates the positions taken by the 
Committee on Naval Affairs, in their report sub- 
mitted the last session. repeat, that the Legis- 
lature of Chiriqui, in accordance 'With its con- 
stitution and laws, had the right to cede to these 
parties, or to any other parties, all the lands and 
privileges contained in that particular grant. 
say that the grant is verified in thc certificate of 
the New Granadian Government itself, in the per- 
son of its minister, behind which that Govern- 
I say these title-papers were 
ment cannot go. 
submitted for the investigation of •thc law-offcer 
of this Govern tnent, and that the Attorney Gon- 
eral of the United States has indorsed the abso- 
I say that the 
lute validity of this convcyancc. 
Government of Costa Rica has covcrcd up 
doubt that might exist under the New Granadian 
grant, as to lhe right or ability of these parties 
to the transit from ocean to ocean by railroad. 
say that that Costa Rican grant has not been 
impeached as to its validity. I say, further, that 
even if there should bc a doubt in the mind of any 
gentleman as to tl)0 practicability of building 
this railroad, they have the right rely, with 
some degree of assurance, upon the testimony of 
these officers of the United States. But admit- 
ting, for the sake of argument, that there is no 
practicable route for a railroad: nevertheless, 
without t]le railroad, the Government of the Uni- 
ted States will receive back the $300,000 in less 
than two years, in the coal advautages ceded to 
it in the contract; in the advantacye.s of naval sta- 
tions; in the advantages of ship-timber, and in 
being al.)lc to dispense with store-ships and sup- 
ply-ships at Aspinwall and Pananoa. But I say, 
further, that while tho repoi•t of your own officers 
'Yivos us a strong right to assume that these par- 
ties can construct a railroad from ocean to ocean, 
because it is iöasiblc, it is for their advantacre so 
inasmuch as they are required to pay the 
to do, 
Government of Costa Rica $100,000, to remain as 
a deposit until the road is built, und because their 
whole enterprise, in which they have becn labor- 
incr for rnorc than ten years, lies in the construc- 
tion of that railroad. 
Now, Mr. Chairman, I think it behooves us as 
legislators to consider that thc gist of this ques- 
tion, so far as x,vc arc concerned, lies in thc fact 
that the transit proposed is a transit this country 
to possess; that it is a road to otn• own im- 
mense resources on tho Pacific; another openinff 
to that great oriental trade which it has been the 
ambition of the cm-nrnercial cn terprise of all acres 
to grasp, and which has built up into greatness 
and wealth and political dominancy every nation 
It was this trade that 
that has ever attained it. 
made Spain rich and powerful; that elevated Por- 
tugal into coin significance; that developed 
I-Ioltand into a controlling Power; and that has 
done more than anything else to solidify the 
It has made nations 
greatness of Great Britain. 
and they have 
great as they havc grasped it, 
japscd into comparative insiRnificance as they 
It may be grasped by us by the 
have lost it. 
adoption of an enlarged and statesmanlike policy ; 
and I think our duty impels as to reach forward 
to its attainment by all possible means. 
the ham met fell.] 
'l'he CHAIRMAN. question is on the 
amendrnent of the gentleman from Now York, 
[Mr. POTTLE.] 
I Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 
I am sorry I 
have not had time to finish what I desired to say 
in reply to the attacks gentlemen have made upon 
this nrasurc. [Cries of Go on ! " 
I *Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think debate had 
better be closed upon this subject. 
I call for a 
vote upon the pending amendment. 
Mr. HOLMAN. {'hold in my amend- 
able that the United States, and other Govern- 
ments, should come and locate them, and that they ment which I desire to have read, for the purpose 
should have the rights which citizens under that 
Governmcnt enjoy. The United States, say, 
therefbre, will not only derive an ultimate benefit 
frtnn this appropriation of $300,000, but they will 
save in a singlc year in the single itCIYi 
of coal. Thev will savc largely in establishing have it read for the information of the committee. 
naval stations, and in obtaining timber for ship- 
buildino•. And naval stations alone will reduce 
tho expense of' keeping st.01'fi supply-ships at i 
other points $200,000 per annum. 
of asking thegentleman from New York if he will 
not accept it. 
The CHAIRMAN. No farther amendment 
is in order at this time. 
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent to 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 object. 
The question being on the amendment offered 
by Mr. POTTLE to t.hp arnendmentof Mr. MORSE 
to the amcndnlent of the Senate, 
Mr. BRIGGS called for tellers. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. BRIGGS and 
I-IOLMAN were appointed. 
'l'he committee divided; and the tellers rcportcd 
—ayes 76, noes 44. 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SEDGWICK. Is an amendment to the 
amendment now in order? 
The CHAIRMAN. It is. 
Mr. SEDGWICK. 1 move to amend by add- 
ing as follows: 
Provided also, That the same be consistent with the con- 
tract made by the Secretary of the Navy. 
Mr. Chairman, as one of the Committee on 
Naval Affairs last year, I devoted much timo to 
the examination of this question, and when this 
appropriation was up in the House, I stated the 
reasons which induced me to vote against it. 
other words, I thought as the case then stood we 
were bound, from defects in the title, and defects 
in the evidence, to annul the grant and to disap- 
prove the contract of the Secretary. Instead, 
however, of meeting this question and setting 
aside this contract, as we might, leaving it open 
for any futurc Secretary to renew it, if from addi- 
tionat evidence it should seem feasible, we chose 
to take another course. We provided for send- 
in(Y out a commission, and appropriated money 
for the payment of that commission, which was 
to proceed to the point in controversy, examine 
the character of the harbors, the situation and 
value of the coal mines, the practicability of a 
railway, and generally the value of the property. 
At that time 1 suggested to the members of the 
committee of conference who reported this mnend- 
ment that, if thc Government put itself in this 
condition; if their acyents, appointed in pursuance 
of our appropriations and direction, found that 
the condition of things was as represented by the 
contractors; that coal mines were there, in acces- 
Sible localities; that a railroad could be con- 
structcd, and that the harbors were fit and proper 
for our vessels—there was an implied undertaking 
on our part to perform the conditions of the con- 
tract, so far as the Governtnent was concerned; 
for the reason that we delayed this contractor; 
that we pat hikn to expense in establishing his 
titles; that we put him to various inconveniences 
If it turned out, 
which we had no riffht to do. 
upon our examination, as represented, wc had no 
right, as honest men, to say we wilt not comply 
with this contract. I have examined the reports, 
and I find upon the subject of coal they are very 
satisfactory. They show that there are mines 
there, practicable working mines; that the coal is 
of good quality, and that that part of the contract 
is fully met by the contractor. 
It shows ulso that the harbors are good harbors; 
and despite the criticisms which have been passed 
u pon it in this House, I say that t.he report proves 
that there is a practicable line of railway which 
we have a right to use under the contract of last 
year, and the subsequent addition to it. 
this, sir—but I llavc not timc to argue it now—be- 
cause there is no connection between two points 
that. is dcsirable for commerce, no such place on 
this globe of the lencrth lyeÄveen these two har- 
bors, which cannot be united under thc skill of 
modern cnffineering by a successful railway. 
Thcro are no national obstacles which cannot be 
overcome; and when, sir, we have seen the great 
tubular bridge swung across the straits of Menai 
by modern science, it should not be said at this 
and in this presence that a railway between 
these points is a th ing that cannot be accomplished. 
I-low, then, stands the case? 
I fit were a ques- 
tion of a contract between two individuals, one 
of w 110111 had selected his own agent to proceed 
I i to the spot, and examinc as to the value of the 
I privilege that hc bought, I say there is no court 
of equity under heaven before which you could 
not bring that man, and compel him to a specific 
performance of a contract entered into under cir- 
cuno.stances like these; because it would be a gross 
injustice, it would be a gross fraud, to say, " We 
have examined your property; we find it what 
you represented it; ',ve have put you to the ex- 
pense of $100,000 in perfecting a title to a rail- 
way which was the doubtful point with us last 
year; but now we have no unoney to perform our 
than a sharne- 
It is no less, sir, 
entracycmen ts. 
loss repüdiation on the part ()t• Congress. 
(Here. the hannner fell.] 
Mr. HOWARD, ofMichigan. Mr. Chairman, 
