THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
General before the money should be paid. When 
that bill went to the Senate, they transferred this 
section to the deficiency bill; and in that way it 
comes here as an amendment from the Senate. 
This identical proposition has already passed the 
House once this session by a unanimous vote. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. That does notchange 
the facts. I ask the chairman of the Committee 
of VVays and Means why he inserted the proviso 
requiring the title to be approved by the Attorney 
Genera: ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. Because we had heard that 
there was some question as to the title to this 
property—a question about mortgages—and to 
avoid all controversy, we all thought it better to, 
guard the Government by this provision before 
any monev was to be paid out. 
Mr. MéCLERNAND. That is exactly what 
I was saying: that the chairman of the Commit- 
tee of Ways and Means had, by his amendment, 
furnished us with authority—at least by implica- 
tion 
—that the title to this property was deftctive. 
Is it not, then, a mattcr of surprise that the Joint 
Committee on Public Printing should have ap- 
proved such a contract, and should have commit- 
ted the Government to pay $135,000 for a defect- 
ive tide? I charge here, upon information which 
1 believe to be relial)le, that the lots on which this 
establishment is erected are not the propert.y of 
Mr. Wendell, but of a Mr. McGuire, or,at all 
events, that Mr. McGuire has an incumbrance 
upon them; nor can the United States, as I under- 
stand, obtain a clear title to the lots until the in- 
cuznbrance is paid off. 
'I'he Chairman [Mr. BURNETT] has also urged 
anothcr objectxon, that the establishment is not 
worth the price agreed upon for-it. If I mistakenot, 
that gentleman said Mr. Wendell himself had val- 
ued the property, for the purpose of assessment 
and tåxation—and perhaps under solemn oath— 
at a much less sum than he has asked for it, and 
which is promised to be paid for it. 1 understand 
that he has valued it, for the purpose of assessment 
and taxation, at $78,000. And yet the Superin- 
tendent of the Public Printing and the Joint Com- 
mittee on Public Printing have agreed to pay him 
$135,000 for it, and fora defective title to theground 
on which the oflicc stands. 
More than that: I understand that another cs- 
tablishmcnt in this city, which was valued by its 
proprietor, for the purposes of assessment and 
taxation, at $102,000, was offered to the Superin- 
tendent for the sun') establishment 
unincumbcred by mortgages—to which there was 
a clear title; an establishment complcte in all 
of its appointrnenls. 
I understand that such an 
office was offered for the surn of $100,000; and yet, 
another, appearing to bc inferior, was boutrht for 
a higher price. Why so? impute no bad motive, 
only a bad bargain. 
We are told that there are some twenty-six 
printing presses in Mr. Wendell's offce; but we 
are not informed that all of them are in good 
order, or are capable of being used. On the con- 
trary, I am informed that a number of them are 
broken and unfit for use. 
I am also further in- 
formed that a considerable portion of the type 
thc office is unsuited for thc printing of the House, 
and that other type will have to be purchased. 
[l-l_ore, the hannyler fell.] 
Mr. FLORENCE. me, Mr. Chair- 
man, that gentlemen have not looked at the ques- 
tion as practical legislators ought to have looked 
at it, [A MEMBER. Practical printers.] or as 
practical printers either. [Laughter.] T hc gen- 
tleman from Ohio [Mr. STANTON] reförred to the 
fact that Mr. Wendell 's name bad been associated 
with jobs for the last ten or twelve years, and he 
said that he alt.vayg suspected anything that had 
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1861. 
in tendent of the Pu blic Printing and the Joint Com- 
mittee on Printing of both Houses, with the ap- 
probation and consent, unofficially, of the Secre- 
lary of the Interior. Well now, I am willinø to 
believe, and I have no hesitation in declaring it, 
that I repose confidence in the integrity of those 
gentlemen. I do not believe they would dcsire 
to fasten upon the Government an improper pur- 
chase. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. the gentleman 
yield to me for a moment? 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 have no objection to 
yielding to the gentleman. I only desire the truth. 
I wish, however, to finish what I have to say upon 
the subject. 
Mr. COCHRANE. Before the gentle- 
man finishes what he has to say, I wish he would 
enlighten us upon this point. 
If the gentleman, 
with his lcnowledge upon the subject, were about. 
to purchase a printinT establishment for his own 
private use, taking the present value of real estate 
in the locality, what would he be willing to give 
for the establishment as it stands? 
Mr. FLORENCE. That depends very much 
upon the ability to purchase; and as I have not 
the ability to purchase, I am not competent to 
make an offer fbr it. 
I will say, however, that if 
I could be the Printer of Congress for a couple of 
NEW SERIES....' NO. 47. 
plaint Xxvas made at the prices which-were paid for 
the execution of the public printing. It was al- 
leged •that the Printers for the Senate and- the 
House of Representatives made enormous profits 
out of their contracts, under -the prices established 
by the acts of 1852and 1854. The proposition was 
then brought forward that the Government shoÜld 
establish its own printing office, to do not, only the 
printing ordexed by the Senate and by the House, 
but also thä€ordered by the executive depart- 
ments of -the?Government. I was then, as I am 
now, oppoéed to that- proposition, which was 
brought forward by the Committee on Printing. 
But, sir, the first section of the joint resolution 
adopted at the last session, seems to have determ- 
ined and settled the whole matter. That section 
is as follows: 
That the Superintendent of Public Printing be, •and is 
hereby, authorized and directed to have executed the print- 
ing aud binding authorized by the Senate and House of 
Rcpresentatives, the cxccutive and judiCial departments, 
and the Court of Claims. And to enable him to carry out 
the provisions of this act, he is authorized and directed to 
contract for the, erection or purchase of the necessary build- 
i! in«ys, Inachinery, and nuaterials for that. purpose; said con- 
traet. to he snbject to the approval of the Joint Committee 
on Printing of the two Houses of Congress: Provided, 'I'hät 
thc sum so-contracted to be paid shali not exceed $150,000." 
TN hen the bill was under consideration in the 
Senate, the attempt was made to modify this sec- 
years at thc rate they havo been paying, I could tion so as to require the approval, also, of the Sec- 
afford to rnako a pretty large advance upon the 
retary of the Interior, before the purchase of a 
price the Government pays for this establishment., 
out of the profits of the job, judgingby the profits 
made by those who have enjoyed that lucrative 
position. 
I MYThen interrupted by the gentleman from New 
I York, I was going to say that 1 had confidence. 
in the integrity of those gentlemen who had made 
tl')is thorough investigation and agreed to purchase 
this establishment. 
Now, sir, the gentleman from Illinois remarked 
that he had reliable information that the assess- 
ment of this real estate was only $78,000; and 
that it was Riven under the sanction of an oath. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 said 1 supposed it 
was. 
Mr. FLORENCE well, the gentleman sup- 
posed it. Now, sir, every one knows that assess- 
rnents are made very much below tl-le real value 
of property. I know se.ch is the fact in the city 
of Philadelphia. Indeed, I know 1nany instances 
where it is not assessed at half its value. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. When the assessment 
is nnade under oath ? 
Mr. FLORENCE. It was not made under oath 
on tl')C part of the owner. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Docs the gentleman 
assert that the assessment is not made under oath? 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 believe it is not. The 
assessors may be sworn; but the valuation is not 
made by the owner under oath. Every onc knows 
that the assessment of property is made at the 
lowest possible figure. 
printing establishment should be consummated; 
but the amendment was either not adopted in that 
body', or if adopted there, was not concurred in 
by the House. The Superintendent, in the exe- 
cuti01'i of this law, made a contract for the estab- 
lishment known as the " Wendell printing offce. 
I am informed that, before the contract was made, 
while negotiations were going on, he consulted 
the Secretary of the Interior, aud informcd him 
that he would make no conditional contract for the 
purchase except with his approval. The Secre- 
tary of the Interior did examine the establishment 
and inform himself thoroughly of its value, and in 
pursuance of his ad vicc and approval, the Superin- 
tendent of the Public Printing made a conditional 
contract to purchase the builÜing, with all the fix- 
tures of the printing oflice, for thesum of'$135,000 
i That contract was, as I am informed, in pursuance 
of this law, submute,d to the approval of the Joint 
Cmnmittee on Printing, and received the unani- 
i mous approval of that committee, all the members 
being present except one gentleman on the .House 
committee. 
It received the. confirmation, there- 
fore, of the three members of the Senate commit- 
I tee, and of two of the members of the House 
committee. 
In this state of facts the question was presented 
I to us. Here is thc law which requires the Super- 
intendent of the Public Printing to contract, pro- 
vided the sum paid shall not exceed $150,000 
ThiS contract is to be conditional. It is to be sub- 
mitted to the Joint Committee on Printing. 
If not 
But the gentleman says the, types arc worn out. approved by them, it is null; but if approved by 
Why, sir, gentlemen who have had any sort of them, it then becomes valid and binding upon us. 
experience at all can observe the difference be- Considering these facts, I could do no otherway 
tsveen the public printing under the new and under than recommend the appropriation which was 
the old arran«remcnts. 
Here arc thc types daily proposed to be made. As to the propriety of the 
used in the printing of our bills and public docu- purchase, that was not a Inatter within the prov- 
ments; and they arc ample, as every gentlenuan 
ince of the Committee of Ways and Means to in- 
will see, for all the purposes for which they are vestigate. That was the province of the Commit- 
intended. 
tee on Printing, and they discharged that duty. 
If gentlemen will read the estimates of the com- 
[Hero the hammer fell.] 
mittee, upon which the purchase has been made, II Mr. GURLEY. -Mr. Chairman, it has been 
and take into consideration the fact that it was suggested by n') y colleague, that this printing omce 
assessed at only onc half its original cost, they was owned by Mr. Wendell, and that, therefore, 
will see the fairness of the transaction. 
it should not • be purchased by the Government. 
[Here the hammer fell.] 
Sir, the committee never asked the question, in 
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend by striking their preliminary examination, who owned the 
out halfa dozen lines—anything to one or oihce. What they wished to know, and the point 
Wendell's name in it. Now, Ido not propose to turo remarks in order 
to which they first directed their inquiries, •was: 
Mr. Chairman, as a member of tho Committee \ is it a office for the purposes of the Gov- 
be M r. MT endo}l 's but I must say to gen- 
tlemen that if they will take. occasion to ox-am- of Ways and 
ea I gave WI y assent to the roc- ernment? 
Is it reasonable in price? Is it fair, is 
ine this report, they will find on the face of it, that 
ommendation of that committee that the House 
it just, is it equitable? As to ownership, that was 
Mr. has not a farthing of interest in it; concur in this muc•ndtnent of the Senate; and I of no consequence to us. Who cares whether 
that the property is owned by Mr. Joseph T. desire to state to the House briefly the reasons l} Mr. N,Vcndell or anybody else owns it, if we can 
Crowell, and that it has been purchased from Mr. 
purchase it at a fair price? 
which brought me to that conclusion. 
Crowell under the authority given to the Super- 
At the last Congress we found that much com- II Now, sir, I undertake to say that Mr. Wen- 
