CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 5, 
IN SENATE. 
TUESDAY, February 5, 1861 
Prayer by Rev. J. G. BIJ'N.ER. 
,TheJournal of yesterday was read and approved. 
MECHANICAL REPORT. 
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing, 
•to whom was referred a motion to print extra 
copies the annual report of thc Commissioner 
of Patents on mechanics, reported the following 
resolution: 
Resolocd, That fiftecn thousand additional copies of the 
annual report of the Commissioner of' Patents on arts and 
Inanufactures" for the year 1860, be printed for the use of 
the- Senate,-and ten thousand copies for the Interior De- 
partment for purposes of official distribution : Provided, 
That the tabular statements and indices be printed with 
noupal'eil type, and the description of patents witli brevier 
type, So as to complete the gntire report in two octavo 
volumes. 
Mr. HALE. How many does that propose to 
ive, of the fifteen thousand copies, to the Patent 
Mr. FITCH. It gives fifteen thousand to the 
Senate and ten thousand to the Interior Depart- 
ment. Last year there was somc misunderstand- 
incr between the Departmentand the Senate, which 
let, a's the Senator will recollect, to considerable 
confusion. This year, to obviate that, the com- 
mittee have reported at once what they thought 
to be necessary, and not have in future a contro- 
versy betsveen the Senate and the Department. 
The aggregate is twenty-five thousand copies. 
The:resolution was agredd to. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. WADE presented ele€en petitions of citi- 
zens of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the 
Constitution, and the enforcement of the laws; 
which werc ordered to lic on tbc table. 
Mr. DIXON presented a memorial of citizens 
of Fairfield, Connecticut, praying for the speedy 
adoption of such measures as will substantially 
embrace the rccommendations of the representa- 
tivcs of' the border States; which was ordered to 
lic on the table. 
He also presented a memorial of citizens of 
B•idgeport, Connecticut, praying for the speedy 
adoption of such measures as will substantially 
embrace the recommendations of the representa- 
tivcs of the border States; which was ordered to 
lie on the table. 
He also presented a memorial of citizens of I 
Derby, Connecticut, praying for speedy adop- 
tion of such-n measures as will substantially em- 
br.aee the recommendations of the reprcsentntives 
of the border States; wl•nich was ordered to lie on 
the table. 
Mr. TEN EYCK presented cight petitions of 
citizens of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, 
the Constitution,and the cnforcernent of the laws; 
which were ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of inhabit- 
ants ot• the borough of Northumberland, Penn- 
sylvania, praying the adoption of Mr. CRIT- 
TENDEN's resolutions with 1M r. BIGLER'S amend- 
ment; which w'as ordered to lie on the table. 
He also presented a memorial of citizens of 
Chester county, Pennsylvania, praying for the 
gpoedy adoption of such measures as are substan- 
tially embraced by the Crittenden resolutions; 
which wras ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. CAMERON presented two petitions of 
citizens of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the 
Constitution, and the laws; which were ordered 
to lie on the table. 
He also presented a memorial of citizens of 
Union county, Pennsylvania, praying for the 
adoption of the compromise measures proposed 
by Hon. Mr. ENDLN', which were ordered 
the compromise measures proposed by Hon. Mr. pointed to ascertain and report a mode for exam- 
CRITTENDEN; which was ordéred to lie on the ining the votes for President and Vice President 
of the United States, and of notifying the per- 
table. 
Mr. BIGLER. I present the memorial of the sons chosen of their election, have Instructed me 
to report in part the following resolution: 
Board of Trade of the city of Philadelphia, set- 
ting forth that by reason of thc increased truffc in 
Resolved, That the two Houses will assemble in the 
the collection district Of Philadelphia, the wharf Chamber of the House of Representatives, on Wednesday, 
accommodations on the river Delaware, as fixed the 131b day of February, 1861, at twelve o'clock, and tbe 
I Presidentot• the Senate shall be •the Presiding Officer; that 
by the act approved June 30, 1834, limiting that 
one person be appointed a teller on the part or the Senate, 
collection district within Gk.y)ner's run on the and two on the part of the House of Representatives, to 
north, and the navy-yard on the south, are insuf- 
make a list of thc votes as they shall be declared ; that the 
resultsball be delivered to the President of the Senate, who 
ficient, and praying that the limits of that district 
shall announce the state of the vote, and the persons elected, 
may be increased, so as to include all between 
to the two I-louses assernbled, as aiöresaid ; which shall bé 
Greenwich Point on the south, and Frankford 
creek on tbe north. I move that it be referred to 
the Committee on Commerce 
It was so referred. 
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on the Post 
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the 
joint resolution (H. R. No. 48) in relation to mail 
service in Washington Territory, submitted an 
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed. 
Hc also, from the same committee, to whom 
was referred the memorial of John Gordon, a mes- 
senger in the Post Office Department, praying 
compensation for services performed out of ofiice 
hours, subrnitted a report, accompanied by a bill 
(S. No. 556) for the relief of John Gordon. 
The bill was read, and passed to a second read- 
incy•, and the rcp0i't was ordered to be printed. 
MESSAGE FROM THE, IIOUSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed a resolution requesting the Sen- 
ate to return to the House the bill (H. R. No. 
714) establishing certain post routes, with the 
amendments of the I louse to certain amendments 
of the Senate to thc bill, in order that a clerical 
crror may be corrected. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. 
The message further an nounced that the Spea ker 
of the House had 'signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 
268) for the relief of Mary K. Guthrie, widow of 
Presley N. Guthrie; and it was signed by the 
Vice President. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
The message further announced that the House 
had ordered, on the 2d instant, at twelve o'clock 
and ninc minutes, the printing of a letter of the 
Secretary of the Interior on the subject of afford- 
ing relief to destiLnte Indians. 
Also, that the House had ordered, on the 4th 
instant, the printing of the following documents: 
Letter from the Secretary of War, transmittino• 
ret.urns of the militia of the United States—ordered 
at twelve o'clock and seventeen minutes. 
Letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting 
a transcri of the Army Register—ordered at 
twelve o'c ock and eighteen minutes. 
TERRITORY OF COLORADO. 
On motion of Mr. NICHOLSON, that the Sen- 
ate reconsider t.he vot.e on the passage of the bill 
(S. No. 366) to provide for a temporary Govern- 
ment for the Territory of Colorado, 
Ordered, That the further consideration thereof be post- 
poned till to-inorrow. 
TROOPS AT TliE CAPITAL. 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 beg leaye, with the per. 
mission of the Senate, to introduce the followinff 
resolution; and I ask for its immediate consider- 
ation: 
Rcsotved, That the President of the United States be re- 
quested to inforln the Senate (If in his opinion not incom- 
patible with the public interest) for what purpose troops 
to lie on the table. 
and munitions ot• war have been, since the cmnmencement 
Mr. POWELL presented a memorial of J. T. i o? this session of Conuress, concentrated in this city; stat. 
Pickett, praying for indemnity for relief furnished ing the number ot' such troops ; Ihe points from whence 
they were withdrawn, and the respective arms ot• the mil- 
to destitute American citizens while he was Uni- E 
itary service to which they belong; if' such troops are des- 
ted States consul at Vera Cruz, in Mexico; which li tined tar special serv:ce in this city, that such service be 
and, in such case, that he inform the Scnatc 
specified; 
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, 
under the authority of what law they arc to be employed 
JOE-INSON, of Arkansas, presented a mc- 
in such service. 
morial of citizens of Washington, District of Co- 
WII'. CLARK, and others, objected to the con- 
iambia, residi-no• in the Fifth Ward; praying that 
New Jerseygavenue, from D street to N Street sideration of the resolution. 
may be lighted with gas; which was referred tol The resolution therefore lies over, under the 
the Committee on the District of Columbia. 
Mr. POLK presented a petition of citizens of 
COUNTING OF ELECTORAL VOTES. 
St. Louis, Missouri, praying for •the adoption of I Mr TRUMBULL. The joint committee ap- 
deerned a declaration of the persons elected President and 
Vice President of tbc United States, and, together with a 
list of the votes, be entered on the Journals of the two 
Houses. 
If there be no objection, I ask for the adoption of 
the resolution now. I will state that it is the usual 
form of' canvassing the votes for President and 
Vice President, which has been adopted since the 
foundation of the Government. 
The resolution was considered by unanimous 
consent, and agreed to. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ifit be necessary, 1 move 
that the Vice Ptesident appoint the teller on the 
do not know but that that 
part of the Senate. 
If, however, it needs 
would follow, at any rate. 
a motion, i make that motiofi. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Illinois moves that the Presiding Offcer of this 
body appoint the telfet• on the part of the Senate, 
for counting the presidential votes. 
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con- 
sent. 
IIOCKADAY AND LIGGET. 
Mr. POLK. I bcg leave to call to the notice of 
the Senate, for consideration, the bill (S. No. 551) 
for the relief of Hockaday & Lizget, being the 
same bill reported by the Senator from New Hamp- 
shire, [Mr. HALE,] as the organ of the Committee 
on the Post Office and Post Roads, during the last 
week; and rnove to take it up. 
r I'he motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No. 
551) for the relief of Hockaday & Ligget was con- 
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. 
poses to allov•.r $40,000 to I-lockaday & Liggct, in 
full pay met')t for darnaces sustained by them in 
reduction of pay for carrying the mails on route 
No. 8911. This amount is to be paid to William 
Ligget for and on account of I-lockaday & Ligget, 
and for their benefit. 
The bill was reported to the Senate without 
amendment. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 will inquire if this is the 
bill which the President vetoed ? 
11 is modified to meet 
Mr. GREEN. not. 
the views of the other end of the avenue. 
The bill was ordered to be mpvossed for a third 
reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
ADMISSION TO FLOOR. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 move that the Senate take 
up the resolution x,vhich I offered yesterday, ex- 
tending the privileges of the floor to the commis- 
sioners now in session in this city. 
'The Secretary read the resolution, as follows: 
Resolved, That thc appointed by the sev- 
etal States to attend a convention to be held in this city 
to-day, be admitted to the floor of the Senate during the 
sittinrr of the said convention. 
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and 
nays; and they were ordered. 
Mr. FESSENDEN, hope the Senate 
not pass this order, fog the simple reason that if 
we thus begin to break down our rules there will 
be no end to it. Senators know very well the 
great inconvenience we have experienced from 
having so many people on the floor here at differ- 
ent times. There is ample room in the galleries 
for apybody who is disposed to come here. We 
have adhered to our rulesin relation to admissions 
to the floor very strictly heretofore; and when we 
Inade those rules for the regulation of this new 
Hall, we were purposely minute and particular; 
our experience the old Hall having shown the 
necessity for it. Allhough I should be as glau as 
anybody to meet many of these gentlemen on the 
floor of the Senate or anywhere else, I think con- 
sideration for oar own convenience and our own 
comfort ought to lead us to adhere strictly to the 
rules we have made. 
Mr. FOSTER. I introduced a resolution a 
