1861, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
7414 
week since, extending the privilege of the floor of 
the Senate to Governors and Ex-Governors of Ibe 
States; and after two successive trials, I could not 
even get the resolution taken up It was objected 
to, by gentlemen who had a pct•fect right to ob- 
If we cannot allow the admission of those 
who are at the head of our States, especial] y in 
the present aspcct ot• our national affairs, as it rc- 
gards the power of thc SAtes over this Govern- 
ment, I certainly do not thifilc we ought to extend 
it to others, however honorablc or however mor- 
itcn•ious. I must therefore vote asninst the prop- 
osition. 
The question being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 21, nays 17; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bragg, Cameron, Dix- 
on, Douglas, Fi:cl), Gwin, flunicr, Johnson of' 'I'eunessee, 
Kennedy, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Powell, 
Pugh, Rice, Saulsbtu•v, Sebastian, and Wigtall—21. 
NAYS—Messrs. Binghatn, Chandler, Clark, Collame.r, 
Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, IleinphiIl,Johnson of Ark- 
ansa•-:, King, Polk, Seward, Sumner, Trunlbujl, Wade, 
and Wilson—17. 
So the motion to take up the resoluti was 
agreed to, 
LOAN DILL. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of half 
past twelve o'clock having arrived, it is the duty 
of the Chair to call up the special order, which is 
the loan bill. 
The Senate accordingly, as in Committcc ofthc 
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill (H. R.' No. 
It proposes to authorize 
972) to authorize a loan. 
the President of the United States, at any time 
before the 1st day of July next, to borrow', on the 
credit of the United Siatcs, a sum not exceeding 
$25,000,000, or so much thereof as, in his opinion, 
the cxi(rcncies of the public service may require, 
to be used in the paymentof the current demands 
upon the Treasury, and for the redemption of 
Treasury notes now outstanding, and to replace 
in the Treasury any amount of notes which shall 
have been paid and received for public dues. 
Stock is to be Issued for the amount borrowed, 
bearing interest not exceeding six per centum per 
annum, and to be reimbursed within a period not 
beyond twenty years. and not less than ten years; 
and the. Secretary of the Treasury is to bc author- 
ized, with the consent of the President, to cause 
certificates of stock to be prepared, which shall 
be signed by the Register, and sealed witlitbc seal 
of the Treasury Department, for the amount so 
borrowed, in favor of the parties lending the same, 
or their assigns, which certificates may be trans- 
ecrrod on the books of the Treasury, under such 
regulations as rnay bc established by the Secrc- 
taty of the Treasury. No certificate is to be is- 
sued for a less sum than $1,000; and whenever 
required, the Secretary of the 'l"rcasury may cause 
coupons of semi-annual interest payable thereon 
to be attached to certificates issued under this act. 
Any certificate with such coupons of interest at- 
tached Inay be assigned and transfbt•red by deliv- 
cry of the same, instead of boing transferred on 
the books of the Treasury. Before awarding the 
lion two hundred -and% eleven thousand-dollars. 
read, sealed proposals for such loan will be 
remained on. ihe_latterday outstahdiog,and liable 
received &c. 
to be presented at the Treasury.. To pay. these 
Mr. PEARCE. It is merely a verbal amend. 
notes, and meet the ordinary expenditures of Gov- 
mcnt. 
crnment, will require nearly twenty-two million 
The amendment was agreed to. 
dollars during the fiscal year„ 
in addition -to the 
The next amendment was to insert as a new 
cstirnated receii')ts of $17 94005000. 
section: 
The loan is fo+ $25,000,000. That will leave 
SEC. 5. 02nd be it further enacted, That the act of June 
nearly Lb ree and one third million more than the 
22 1860, entitled An act authorizing a loan, and providing 
Secretary basatprescnt estimated ; but unforeseen- 
{'or the redenaption of notes," be, and the same is, hereby 
demands upon the Trcasqry may come in. The 
repealed. 
estimates have been madc, not upon thc actual 
Mr. PEARCE. It is make 
I appropriations, but the estimated expenditure 
to the Senate a brief statement, showing the neces- 
under thesc appropriations. A larger sum, there- 
sity for thc speedy passage of this bill. By the 
fore, than thus estimated may be called for at the 
act of the 22d of June of last year, we authorized 
Treasury. It is but proper that ',ve should have 
a loan of $21,000,000, to bear six per cent. inter- 
a margin, a surplus to enable the Treasury to get 
est, and to be issued at not less than par, the pro- 
along decently. Tho bill is 101' $25,000,000. The 
ceeds to be used only in redccming Treasury notes 
time of ad vertisement is ten days, instead of thirty 
or in replacing in the Treasury the amountofnotes 
days, as was provided under the act of the 22d 
otherwise paid ot• received for public dues. Only 
June last, and the stock may be negotiatedat less 
about seven million and twenty thousand dollars 
It is obvious that, if Secretaim•y. be 
than par. 
It has been found that the 
have becn negotiated. 
restrained to an advertisement of thirty days, he 
remainder of' the loan authorized by that act can- 
cannot receive any money during the continuance 
not bc effected upon tbc terms prescribed. The 
of this Administration; and this Administration 
act requircd that the money should be loancd at 
will go out in disgrace, and the next come in with2 
It has been found impossible 
not less than par. 
out a dollar to carry on the Government. 
It tbcrcfore has become 
to borrow money at par. 
I apprehend, sir, that some Senators are of the 
absolutely necessary that some other bill should 
opinion that the amount of this loan is too large. 
be introduced, either by way of remedying the ob- 
I think I have shown that it is not so. Iam very 
jection to that bill which makes it impossible to 
well satisfied that it is not the desire of any mem- 
procure money under it, or authorizi ng a new loan. 
ber of the Committee.on Finance, or of the Sec- 
In the mean time, it appears that movc money will 
retary of the Treasury, or of the President, that 
be required for the support of the Government, 
any part of this loan should be appropriated to 
before the 30th day o? June next, than the balance 
purposes of coercion. I do not see, indeed, what 
which has not yet been negotiated under the act 
portion of it could be so used; sinc.e the amount 
of Junc 22, 1860. The Secretary of the Treasury, 
to be retained in the Treasury, if these cstimatcs 
on tho 18th day of last month, addressed a letter to 
are altogether accurate, would be less than the 
the Committee of' Ways and Means of the I-louse 
of neprcsentatives, from •which letter have ob- amount which it has been usually considered 
taincd the following information: I find that the proper to have at the command of the Govern- 
amount which will be required at the Treasury to 
the 30th day of June, for the support of the Gov- 
ernment. and the paytncnt of Treasury notes, will 
be $44,077,524. The receipts to the sarne time are 
estimated far below thc usual average. In October 
last, it '.vas supposed that the revenue from cus- 
toms would give about fiftecn million dollars foc 
that quarter. Instead of that, it yielded but about I 
eight million dollars. Six million dollars of goods 
importcd into thc port of New York were 
into warehouses and bonded, and, of course, do 
not enter into consumption , or add the revenue of 
the quarter. To that extent the anticipated rev- 
ri"his furnishes us a means 
enuc was diminished. 
In thesc times of 
of calculation as to the future. 
monetary deranoement, and what is still worse, 
of political convulsion, it is impossible to make an 
accurate calculation, or an estimate approaching 
to what the reality rnay prove to be, or at least to 
make one which can bc relied upon with anything 
like confidence. The Secretary, however, with 
all the lights beforc him, savs he has estimated 
that. it is not at all probable' that we can derive 
from the rcvcnuc from customs from the 1st of 
loan, the Secretary of the 'Treasury is to cause January to the 30th of June, 1861, more than six- 
the city of Washington, and in one or morc pub- may not amount even to that much; but that is the 
to be inserted in two of' the public newspapers of I teen million dollars. The duties from customs 
largest arnount which he thinks it safe to expect. of the loan itself. • Aftcz• the statement made by 
lic newspapers in oihet•cities of the United States, 
the chairman of the Committce on Finance, ovcry- 
Tl'hen , the revenne from public lands is very much 
public notice that spalcd proposals for such loan 
ment to meet unforeseen demands. At all events, 
it is a very small excess above what will be abso- 
lutely required in all human probability; certainly 
not such an amountas wou}d justify the suspicion 
that it was intended to carry on war tyrainst the 
am very free to say that, if I 
seceding States. 
believed so, I should not have assented to the bill. 
I have no idea that this Union can be-maint.a.ined 
or restored by force. Nor do [ believe in tbe value 
of a Union •wvhich can only be kept together by 
dint of military force. I have not, therefore, given 
consent to this bill, except as I believe thatit 
is necessary for the ordinary expenses of the Gov- 
without reference to unusual military 
operations. 
If any explanations are necessary, which I have 
not given and which I can give, I will do so with 
plcasurc. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, 1 sup- 
pose. tho immediate question is on the amendment 
proposing an additional section ? 
The VICE PRE„IDENT. That is the ques- 
tion. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of that Senator has 
not spoken. I presume. there is no very conside 
erable difference of opinion between the two sidcs 
of the Chamber, with reference to the propriety 
will be received until a certain day, not less than 
ten days from its first insertion io a Washington 
the amount of the loan, at what periods 
paper, 
the money shall be paid, if by installments, and 
at what places. The sealed proposals arc to be 
opened, on the day appointed in tho I'10ticc, in thc 
presence of such persons as may choose to attend, 
and the proposals decided by the Secretary of the 
Treasury, who is to accept the most favorable 
offered by responsible bidders for the stock; and 
the Secretary is to report to Congress, at the com- 
mencetnent of the next session, the amount of 
money borrowed under this act, and of whom, 
and on what terms it shall have been obtained, 
with an abstract or brief statement of all the pro- 
posals submitted for the same, distinguishing be- 
tween t.hoso accepted and those rejected, with a 
detailed statement of the expense of making the 
loans. The faith of the United States is pkédged 
by this enactment for the due payment of the 
interest and the redemption of the principal of the 
stock. 
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi- 
in section 
nance was to insert the word " loan' 
three, line six, after the word such;" so as to 
less than was anticipated. It was supposed, six body mu.st understand that the aniount of money 
months ago, that thc revenue public lands asked for is necessary to the ordinary working of 
would amount to somc two and a half million per the. Government. The actual appropriations will 
annum. Instead of that, tho revenue forthc last fis- E take about twenty-two million dollars, as stated, 
cal quarter was but $250,000; and the Secretary, [ 
think very prud"ntly, estimates that ue cannot 
realize more, at the most, than one million dollars 
from that source prior to the 30th of June next.. 
From miscellaneous sources, he estimates that 
i $400,000 may be expected. The very largest 
amount, then, of revenue from all sources upon 
which we can calculate up to the 30th of June 
next, is about seventeen mil lion four hundred thou- 
sand dollars; and even this may be reduced. Now, I 
the demands npon the Treasury up to that time 
are estimated at $44,077,000. The demand for* 
this sum will be occasioned, not merely by the 
and $3,000,000 is nota very large margin for un- 
expected caus that may be made, and always are 
made, upon the Treasury, especially in the present 
state of the revenues of the country. Therefore, 
so far as the are concerned, i suppose 
no one can doubt the propriety of passing a bill 
to borrow that amount of money. 
The question arises—the only question that 
there was in the committee, and which arose, in 
fact, after the committee had agreed to report 
—whether it is expedient to repeal the previous 
bill 
—the act of last June, authorizing a loan 
loan bill 
of to leave that as it stands. •YVith 
reference to that, the explanation is very simple. 
ordinary and current expenditures of the Govern- 
mcnt, but by the necessity of providing for over l! The expenditure of any rnoncy Lhat may be-ob- 
tained under that bill is limited to one specific ob- 
nine million dollars of Trcasury notes, under the 
act of 1857, which are now outstanding, On the ject, which is the retirement of the $20,000,000 of 
'l"vcasury notes Clien outstandinæ. It can be appro„ 
1st. January there werc between eleven and twcivc 
priated to nothing else. As we all know, we failcd 
million dollars outstanding and liable to be pre- 
sented. Of these, $2,500,000 were redeemed be- to get the money under that bill,for reasons which 
tween the 1st and 14th of January. Nine mil- are very weil understood byæ.il. Consequently, 
