1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
745 
trust for all the States. But how 'does the matter 
stand? The retiring Senator's speech—whether 
it was intended or not, I do not undertake to say 
—iG calculated to make the false impression that 
some time afterwards, perhaps in some other 
treaty remote from that, some money was paid I 
by the .United States to France, out of the good 
will that this Government had towards them. And 
yet, sir, on ghe same day—the 30th of April, 1803 
—on which the other treaty was made and signed, 
the followino• convention between the United I 
States of America and the French Republic was 
made: 
The President of the United States of Alnerlca, and the 
First Consul of the French Republic, in the nmne of the 
French people, ih consequence of the treaty of cession of 
Louisiana, which has been signed this day, wishing to reg- 
ulatc definitely everything .which has relation to the said 
cession." 
This, be it observed, was made on the same day, 
and was, perhaps, written out before the other 
treaty was signed. And what does the first article 
say? It says expressly: 
ART. l. 'Ilhe Government of the United States engages 
to pay to the French Government, in the manner speéified 
in the f'ollowing article, the sum of sixty million frafics, 
independent of the sum which shall be fixed by another 
convention for the payment of debts due by France to the 
citizens of the United States." 
What becomes of tie specious plea, what be- 
comes of the excuse tendered here, that wo took 
it simply in trust, and that no consideralion was 
paid? Turn over to the American State Papers; 
look at Mr. Livingston 's letters, upon which these 
treaties were predicated; read his correspondence 
with Mr. Madison, who v,ras Secretary of State, 
and you wilt find that France demanded the sum of 
independent of what they owed the 
citizens of the United States; bit after long nego- 
tiations, the First Consul of the French concluded 
to take and tho first twyo articles of 
the treaty which have read are based upon the 
paid by this Government in consid- 
eration of the sovereignty and territory, all of 
which was to be held in trust by the United States 
for at! the States. 
This was given to us out of the pure good will 
that Napoleon at that time had towards the Uni- 
ted States. Sir, he had great hate for Great Brit- 
ain; and by the promptings of that hate he was 
disposed to cede this territory to: some other 
Power. Hc feared that Great Britain, whose 
Navy was superior to his own, would take it. He 
desired to obtain money to carry on his wars and 
sustain his Government. These considerations, 
and not love or partiality or friendship for the Uni- 
ted States, led him tomakethecession. Then what 
becomes of the Senator's special pleading? From 
the Senator's remarks, it may have been concluded 
that we got it as a gratuity. But after examining 
the State Papers and the correspondence, and look- 
ino• at the tedious and laborcd negotiation previous 
to the rnaking of the treaty, it is clear tl')at at the 
timc the first treaty was made, on the very same 
day, the consideration was fixed; and yet the Sen- 
ators tell us that at some other time a treaty was 
made not referring to any amount ofmoncy agreed 
to be paid at this particular time, and that there- 
fore they are excusable and justifiable in going 
out of the Confederacy of these States. 
After all these things were enumerated, an ap- 
eal was made. It was a very affecting scene. 
ouisiana was gone; and what was the reason ? 
Great oppression and great wrong. Sho could not 
get hm• rights in the Union, and consequently she 
has sought them out of it. What are the wrongs 
of Lou isiana? What v„ras the cause for all the svm- 
pathy expressed on the one hand,.and the tbars 
shed on the other? Louisiana was substantially 
presented to the country in a most pathetic and 
sympathetic attitude. Her wrongs were without 
their enormity was almost without esti- 
number; 
mate; they could scarcely be fathomed by human 
sympathy. It was not unlike the oration of Mark 
Antony over the dead body of Cæsar. Weeping I 
friends grouped picturesquely in the foreground; 
the bloody robe, the ghastly wounds, v.rere con- 
jured to the imagination; and who was there that 
" If you 
did not expect to hear the exclamation: 
have tears, prepare to shed them now?" [Laugh- 
ter.J 
Sir, what are the great wrongs that have been 
inflicted upon Louisiana? Prior to 1803, Louis- 
iana was transferred from Spain to France, and 
from Franco back to Spain—both property and 
sovereignty—almost with the same facility as a 
chattel from one person to another. On the 30th 
of April, 1803, when this treaty was made, 'W' hat 
was the condibion of Louisiana? It was then a 
province of the First Consul of France, subject to 
be disposed of at his discretion. The United 
States did what? Came forward and paid to the 
First Consul of Frande. for the terri- 
tory. The treaty was made; the territory was 
transferred; and in 1806, in express domp\iance 
with the treaty, as soon as practicable, according 
to the terms of the Federal Constitution, Louis- 
iana was admitted into the Union as a State. We 
bought her; we paid for her; we adrnitted her into 
the Union upon terms of equality with the other 
States. Was there any oppression, any great 
wrong, any great grievance in that ? 
In 1815—war having been declared in 1812— 
Louisiana was attacked; the city of Nev.,' Orleans 
was about to be sacked and laid prostrate in the 
dust; beauty and booty" were the watchwords. 
She was oppressed then, was she not? Kentucky, 
your own gallant State, sir, (and, thank God ! 
she is standing erect now,) and Tennessee, (which , 
as I honestly believe, will cver stand by her side 
in this struggle for the Constitu lion and the Union , ) 
in conjunction with the other States, met Pack- 
enham and his myrmidons upon the plains of New 
Orleans, and there dealt out death and desolation 
to her invading foe. What soil did we invade? 
What city did we propose to sac.k? Whose prop- 
crty did we propose to destroy? Was not Lou- 
isiana there gallantly, nobly, bravely, and patri- 
otically defended, by the people of the United 
States, from the inroads and from the sacking of 
a British foe? Is that defense one of her oppres- 
sions? Is that one of the great wrongs that have 
been inflicted upon Louisiana? 
What more has been done by this Govern- 
ment? How much protection has she received 
upon her sugar? In order to give that protection, 
the poorest man throughout the United States is 
taxed for every spoonful that he uses to sweeten 
his coffee. How many millions, under the oper- 
ation ofa potection upon sugar, have been con- 
tributed to the wealth and prosperity of Louis- 
iana since she has been in this Confederacy? 
Estimate them. Is this anothci• of her wrongs ? 
Is this another of her grievances? Is this another 
of the oppressions that the United States have in- 
flicted upon Louisiana ? 
Sum them all up, and what are the wrongs, 
what the grievances which justify Louisiana in 
taking leave of the United States? We have de- 
fended her soil and her citizens; we havo paid the 
price asked for her by the French Government; 
she has been protected in the production of her 
sugar, and in the enjoyment of every right that a 
sovereign State could ask at the hands of the 
Federal Government. And how has she treated 
the United States? What is her position? Upon 
her own volition, without consultation with her 
sister States, without even consulting with Ten- 
nessee and Kentucky, who defended her when 
she was in peril, she proposes to secede from the 
Union. She does more: in violatiop of tho Con- 
stitution of the United States, in déspite of the 
plighted faith that exists between all the States, 
she takes our arsenals, our forts, our custom- 
house, our mint, with about a million dollars. 
Gracious God ! to what are we coming? Is it 
thus that the Constitution of the United States is 
to be violated? Forts, arsenals, custom-houses, 
and property belonging to all the people of all 
the States, have been ruthlessly seized, and their 
undisturbed possession is the sum total of the 
great w•rongs that have been inflicted upon Loui- 
siana by the United States! 
Mr. President, when I look at the conduct of 
some of the States, I am reminded of the fable of 
King Log and the frogs. They got tired of the 
log that lay in their midst, upon which they could 
bask in the sun, or from w'hich they could dive 
to the depth beneath, without interference. And 
these seceding States have got tired of the Fed- 
eral Government, which has been so profitable 
to them, and loathe the blessings which they 
enjoy. Seemingly, its inability to take care of 
It seems, 
itselt• created their opposition to it. 
the inability of the United States to defend and 
take care of its own property has been an invita- 
tion to them to take possession of it; nnd, like 
thc frogs, they seek n substitute for their log. 
They prayed to Jupiter, the supreme deity, to 
I send them another king; and he answered their 
prayer by sending them a'? stork; Wbo- soon de- 
voured his subject frogs.- There- are too, 
in the seceding States. South Carolina -has„ her 
stork king, and so has Louisiana. ;the, heavy 
appropriations they are making tö maintain armies , 
and in all their preparations for war; for which 
I there is no cause, they will find they have. brought 
down storks upon them that will devour them.' 
What do we find, Mr. President, since, this 
movement commenced? In aboutforty-six days, 
since the first State went out until the last one dis• 
appeared—the 26th of January—they have •taken 
from the United States, this 'harmless old ruler, 
one thousand and ninety-two guns, any 
resistance, amounting to $6,513,000. They are 
very much alarmed at the pöwer• of this Govern- 
ment. Thus the Government oppresses them; 
thus this Government oppresses Louisiana, per- 
tinaciously persisting in allowing those States to 
take all t.he guns, all the forts, alf the arsenals, a-II 
the dock-yards, all the custom-houses, and-all the 
mints. Thus they are so cruelly oppressed,.:- -Is 
Is it not the and 
it not a farce? 
the greatest folly that was ever consummated since 
man was spoken into existence? But-these are 
the grievances of Louisiana. I shall say not.hing 
against Louisiana. Tennessee and Kentucky have 
given den)onstrations most •noticeable that when 
she needed friends, when she needed aid, they were 
at her bidding. 
But in the acquisition of Louisiana there was 
another very importantacquisition. We acquired 
the exclusive and entire control of the navigation 
of the Mississippi river. We find that Louisiana, 
in her ordinance of secession, makes the negative 
I declaration that she has the control of the navica- 
tion of that great stream, by stating that the navi- 
gation of the river shall be free to those States 
that remain on friendly terms with her, with the 
proviso thatmoderate contributionsareto be levied 
to defray such expenses as they may deem expe- 
dient from time to time. That is the substance of 
it. Sir, look at the facts. All the States, through 
their Federal Government, treated for Louisiana. 
The treaty was made All the States, by the Con- 
tribution of their money, paid for Louisiana and 
the navi«ation of the Mississippi river. Where, 
and from what source, does Louisiana now derive 
the power or the authority to secede from this 
Union and set up exclusive control of the naviga- 
tion ofthat great stream which is owned by all the 
States, which was paid for by the money of all the 
States, and upon whose borders the blood of many 
citizens of the States has been shed? 
This is one of the the oppressed 
States! Mr. President, is it not apparent that 
these grievances and oppressions are mere pre- 
tenses? A large portion* of the South (and that 
portion of it I am willing to stand by to the very 
last extremity) believe that aggressions have been 
made upon them by the other States, in reference 
to tbc institution of slavery. A large portion of 
the South believe that something oughtto be done 
in the shape of what has been offered by the dis- 
tinguishcd Senator from Kentucky, or something 
very similar. They think and fccl that that ought 
to be done. But, Sir, there is another portion who 
do not cate for those propositions to brilP about 
reconciliation, but who, on the contrary, have 
been afraid and alarmed that something would be 
done to reconcile and satisfy the public mind, be- 
fore this diabolical work of secession could be 
consummated. Yes, sir, they have been afraid, 
and the occasion has been used to justify and to 
carry out a doctrine into practice, which is not 
only the destruction of this Government, but 
I which will be thc destruction of all other govern- 
ments that may be ori«inated, embracing the same 
principle. Why not, then, meet it like )T1en ? 
We know there is a portion of the South who are 
I for secession, who are for breaking up this Gov- 
crnment, without regard to slavery or anything 
else, as I shall show before I have done. 
The Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. BENJAMIN,) 
in a speech that he made some days since, took oc- 
casion allude to some authority that I had iåtro- 
duced from General Washinøton, the first. Presi- 
dent who cxccuted the laws of the United States 
acrainst armed resistance; and it occurred to him 
that, by way of giving his argument force, it was 
necessary to remark that I was not a lawyer, and 
that therefore I had not examined the subject with 
that minuteness and with that care and familiarity 
that I should have. done; and hence that -I had 
