746 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 5, 
introduced authority which had no application to 
the question under consideration. The proof that 
he gave to show that I. had not examined the sub- 
ject carefully, was contained in the very extract 
that I had quoted and which he said declared that 
General Washington Iliad been informed by the 
marshal-that he could not exec.ute the laws; and 
from- the fact of the marshal being incapable to 
execute them, General Washington was called 
upon to employ the means, under the Constitution 
and the laws, which were necessary to their en- 
forcement. It may have been necessary for the 
distinguished Senator to inform the Senate and 
the country that I was not a lawycr; but it was 
not necessary to inform anybody that read his 
speech and that had the slightest information or 
sagacity,- that he was a lawyer, and that he was 
making a lawyer's speech upon the case bcfore 
him; not an argument upon the great principles 
of the Government. The speech was a complete 
lawyer's speech, and the authorities were summed 
up simply to make-out the case on his side; and he 
left out all those that would disprove his position. 
It required no very great acumen or sagacity to 
discover that he was a lawyer; and, on that occa- 
Bion,l think he showed himself to be a lawyer in 
the proper sense of the term, for he made a law- 
yer's argument, just suiting the case, Icaving out 
and not noticing all authorities on the other side. 
That Senator yesterday soemed to be very seri- 
ous in regard to the practical operation of the 
doctrine of secession. felt sorry myself, some- 
what. I am always reluctant to part with a gen- 
tleman with whom I have been associated, and 
nothing had transpired to disturb between us those 
courteous relations which should always exist be- 
tween persons associated on this floor. I thought 
thc scene was pretty well got up, and was acted 
out admirably. The plot was cxecutcd to thc 
very letter. You would have thought that his 
people in Louisiana were borne down and seri- 
ously oppressed by remaining in this Union of 
States. Now, I have an extract before me, from 
a speech delivered by that gentleman since the 
election of Abraham Lincoln, while the distin- 
guished Senator was on the western slope of the 
Rocky Mountains, at the city of San Francisco. 
He was calked upon to make an address;• and I 
will read an extract from it, which I find in the 
N.ew York 'Times, the editors of which paper said 
they had the speech before them; and I havecon- 
sulted a gentleman here who was-in California at 
the time, and he tells me that the report is correct. 
In that speech—after thc Senator hdd spoken some 
time with his accustomed eloquence—he uttered 
this language: 
Tbosc who prate of, and strive to dissolve this glorious 
Confederacy of States, are likc those silky sava«es who let 
fly their arrows at the sun in the vain hope of piercing it ! 
And still tl'le still rolls on, unheeding, in its ctcrnal path- 
way, shcddlng light and animation upon all the world." 
the Senator 
Even after Lincoh') was elected, 
in the 
from Louisiana is reported to have said, 
State of Califbrnia, and in the city of San Fran- 
Cisco, that this great Union could not be destroyed . 
Those great and intolerable oppressions, of which 
we have since heard from him, did not seem to be 
flitting across his vision and playing upon his 
mind with that vividness and clearness which 
were displayed herc yesterday. He said, in Cal- 
ifornia, that this great Union would go on in its 
course, notwithstanding the puny efforts of the 
siily savages that were letting fly their arrows with 
the ?rospect of piercing it. What has changed 
the Senator's mii)d on coming from that side of 
the continent to this? What light has broken in 
upon him? Has he been struck on his •way, like 
Paul, when he was journeying from Tarsus to 
Damascus? Has some supernatural powcr dis- 
closed to him that his State and his people will be 
ruined if they remain in the Union? Where do 
we find the distinguished Senator only at the last 
session? On the 22d of May, last, when he 
made his celebrated reply to the Senator from Illi- 
nois, [Mr. DOUGLAS,]- the Senator from Louisi- 
ana, alluding to the contest for the Senate; be- 
tween I'v'lr. Lincoln and Mr. DOIjGLAS, said: 
In that contest, the two candidates for the Senate of the 
United States, in the State of Illinois, went before their 
"I'hey agreed to discuss the issues ; they put ques- 
tions to cach other for answer ; and I must say here—for 
must be just to all—that I have been surprised in the 
exaltiinati0R that I made again, within the last few days, 
of this discussion between Mr. Lincoln and Mr. DOUGLAS, 
than I had supposed him to be. There wag no dodging on 
H ere 
his part. Mr. DOUGLRs started with his questions. 
they are, with Mr. Lincoln's answers." 
The imprcssion evidently made on the public 
mind then, before the presidential election, was 
that Lincoln, the rank Abolitionist now, was more 
conservative than Mr. DOUGLAS; and he said fur- 
ther, after reading the questions put by Mr. Lin- 
coln, and -his answers to them: 
it Is impossible, Mr. President, however we may differ 
in opinion with the man, not to admire the perfect candor 
and frankness Witb which the answers were given; no 
equivocation ; no evasion." 
Since that speech was made, since the Senator 
has traversed from California to this point, the 
grievances, the oppressions of Louisiana, have 
become so great that she is justified in going out 
of the Union, taking into her possession the cus- 
tom-house, the mint, the navigation of the Mis- 
sissippi river, the forts, and arsenals. Where are 
we? " Oh, consistency, thou art a jewel, much 
to be admired, but rarely to be found." 
1 
Mr. Prcsideöt, I never do things by halves. 
am arrainst this doctrine entirely. I commenced 
making war upon it—a war for the Constitution 
and the Union—and I intend to sink or swim upon 
it. [Applause in the galleries.] In the remarks 
that I made on the 19th of December, I discussed 
at some length the alleged right of secession. 
I introduced au- 
repudiated thc whole doctrine, 
thorities to show its unsoundness, and made de- 
ductions from those authorities which have not 
been answered to this day; but by innuendo arid 
indirection, without reference to the person who 
used the authorities, attempts have been made to 
answer the speech. Let those who can answer 
the speech, answer the authorities; answer the 
conclusions which have been deduced from them. 
I was more than gratified , sh ortly afterwards, when 
one of the distinguished Senators from Virginia 
which it was apparent to all bad been studied 
closely; which had been digested thoroughly; 
which , in the language of another, had been conned 
and set down in a note-book, and got by note; 
not only the sentences const.ruc.ted, but the lan- 
guago measured. . In the plan which he proposed 
as one upon which the Government can bc con- 
tinucd and administered, in his judgrnent, he 
brought his mind seemingly, irresistibly, to the 
conclusion that this doctrine of secession was a 
heresy. What does he say in that able, that 
methodical, that well-digested speech? He gocs 
over the whole ground. He has been reasonincr 
on it; he has been examining the principle of seces- 
sion; he has gone to the conclusion to which it 
leads; and he is seemingly involuntarily, but irre- 
sistibly forced to admit that it will not do to ac- 
knowledge this doctrine of secession; for he says: 
have presented this scheme, Mr. President, as one 
which, in opinion, would adjust the differences between 
the two social systell).s, and which would protect cach from 
the assault of the other. It' this werc done, so that we were 
nr,ide mutually saft', I, for onc, would be willing to recu- 
late the right of sccession, which I hold to bc a right not 
givcn in tiic Constitution, but resulting from the nature of 
the cmnpact.. I would provide that bctOre a State seceded, 
it shoul(l su:nmon a convention of the States in the section 
to whicll it belonged, and submit to them a statcmcnt of 
its gricvauees and wrongs. Should a Inajority of the States 
in Å•uch a convention decide the colnplaint to be well 
founded, then thc State ought to bc pcrrnitted to seeede in 
peace. For, whenever majority of' States in an entire 
to find that, on several points, Mr. Lincoln is a far more 
conservative man, unless he has since changed his opinion, 
section shall (Ice]arc that good cause for secession exists, 
then who can dispute that it ought to take place? Should 
they say, however, that uo good cause existed, then the 
moral force of such a decision, on the part of confederates 
of those who are bound to the complaining State by iden- 
ticak and homoreneous interests, would prevent it from 
prosecuting the claim any further." 
Sir, I quoted the Old Dominion extensively be- 
I took the foundat.ion of this doctrinc and 
forc. 
traced it along step by step, and showed that there 
x,vas no such notion tolerated by the fathers of tbc 
Republic as the right of secession. Now, who 
comes up to my relhef? When the States are se- 
ceding, when they are goine off, the distinguished 
Senator from Virginia says, in so many words, 
that he admits the error, and the force of the prin- 
ciplc that a State ought not to be permitted to go 
out of the Confederacy without the consent of the 
remaining members. He says, h01.vever, that the 
right to secede. results from the nature of the com- 
pact. Sir, I have read Mr. Jefferson, and I am 
as much inclincd to rely on the former distin- 
guished men of the State of Virginia as I am on 
In the old Articles of Confederat.ion, 
the latter. 
when the revenue required for the support of the 
Federal Government was apportioned among the 
States, and each State had to raisc its portion, the 
great diffculty was, that there was no means by 
which the States could be compelled to contribote 
their amount; there was no means of forcing the 
State to compliance; and yet Mr. Jefferson, in 
view of that very difficulty, said, in 1786: 
It has been often said that the decisions of Congress 
are ilnpotent, because the Confederation provides no com- 
pulsory power. But when two or more nations enter into 
compact, it is not usual for them to say what. shall be done 
to the, party who infringes it. Decency forbids this, and it 
is as unnecessary as indecent; because the right of com- 
pulsion naturally results to the party injured by the breach. 
When any one State in the American Union refuses obe- 
dience to the Contöderation by which they have bound 
themselves, the rest have a natural right to compel them to 
obedience." 
The Senator from Virginia says a State has the 
right to secede from tho Union, and that it is a 
right resulting from the nature of the compact; 
but Mr. Jefferson said that even under the old 
Articles of Confederation, no State had a right-to 
refuse obedience to the Confederacy, and that 
there was a right to enforce its compliance: 
Congress wotlld probably exercise long patience before 
they would rceur to tin•cc; but if the case ultimately re- 
quired it, they would use that recurrence. Should this 
case ever arise, they will probably coerce by a naval force, 
as being more easy, less dangerons to kibcrty, and lcss likely 
to produce much Works, yol. 9, 
P. 291. 
When was this? I have stated that it was un- 
der the old Articles of Confederation, when there 
was no power to compel a State even to contrib- 
ute her proportion of the revenues; but in that 
view of the case, Mr. Jefferson said that the in- 
jured party had a right to enforce compliance with 
the compact from the offending State, and that 
this was a right deducible from the laws of nature. 
The present Constitution was aftervt,'ards formed; 
and to avoid this diffculty in raising revenue, the 
imposts, and excises," and the Constitution cre- 
aced a dircct relation between the citizen and the 
Federal Government in that matter, and to that 
extent that rclation is just as direct and complete 
between the Federal Government and the citizen 
as is the relation between the State and the citi- 
zen in other matters. Hence wc find that, by 
an amendment to t.he Constitution of the United 
States, the citizen cannot even make a State a 
party to a suit, and bring her into the Federal 
courts. They wanted to avoid the difficulty of 
coercing a State, and the Constitution conferred 
on the Federal Government the power to operate 
directly upon the citizen, instead of operating on 
the States. It being the right of the Government 
to enforce obedience from the c.itizen in those mat- 
ters of which it has jurisdiction, the question 
comes up as to the exercise of this right. It may 
It must depend upon 
not al',vays be expedient. 
discretion, as was eloquently said by the Senator 
from Kentucky [Mr. CRITTENDEN] on one occa- 
sion. It is a matter of discretion, even as Mr. 
Jefferson haid it down before this provision ex- 
isted in the Constitution, before the Government 
had power to collect its revenue as it now has. I 
know that when , on a former occasion , I undertook 
to show, as I thoughtl did show, clearly and dis- 
tinctly, the difference betwecn the existence and 
the exercise ofåhis power, words were put into 
my mouth that I did not utter, and positions an- 
swered which I had never assumed. It was said 
that I took the bold ground of coercing a State. I 
expressly disclaimed it. 
I stated, in my speech, 
that, by the Coostitution, we could not puta State 
into court; but I said there were certain relations 
created by the Constitution bctwcen the Federal 
Government and the citizen, and that we could 
enforce those laws against the citizen. I took up 
the fugitive slave law-•, I took up the revenue law; 
I took up the judicial system; I took up the post 
omce system ; and I might have taken up the power 
to coin money and to punish counterfeiters, or the 
power to pass laws to punish mail robbers. 
showed that under these we had power, not to 
punish a State, but to punish individuals vio- 
lators of the law. Who will deny it; who can 
deny it, that acknowledges the existence of the 
Government? This point, I think, was settled in 
the decision of the Supreme Court in the case of 
Ableman •vs. Booth. When the decision of the 
Supreme Court is in our favor, wo are very much 
for it; but sometimes we are not so well reconciled 
