1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBn 
747 
to it when it is against us. In that case the court 
decided : 
But, as we have already said, questions of this kind 
must always depend upon the Constitution and laws of the 
United States, and not of a State. The Constitution was 
not iörmed merely to guard the States against danger from 
foreign nations, but. mainly to secure union and harmony at 
home ; for if this object could be obtained, there. would be 
but little danger from abroad ; and to accomplish this pur- 
pose, it was toll by the statesmen who framed the Constitu- 
tion, and by the people. who adopted it, that it was neces- 
sary that many of' the richts of sovereignty which the States 
then possessed•should biB ceded to tnc General Government ; 
and that, in the sphere of action assigned to it, it should be 
suprerne, and strong enough to execute its own laws by its 
own tribunals, without interruption from a State or from 
State authorities. And it was evident that anything short 
of this would be inadequate to the Inain objects for which 
the Govermnent was established; and that local interests, 
local passions or prejudices, incited and iöstered by indi- 
viduals for sinister purposes, would lead to acts of aggres- 
Sion and injustice by one State upon the rights of another, 
which would ultimately terminate in violence and force, 
unless there was a common arbiter between them, anned 
with power enough to protect and guard the rights of 
by appropriate laws, to be carried into execution peacefully 
by its judicial tribunalsP'—Howard's Supreme Court Re- 
ports, vol. 21, p. 516. 
When the fugitive slave law was executed in 
the city of Boston, by the aid of military force, 
was that understood to be coercing a State, or was 
law upon those who, it was assumed, had violated 
it? In this same decision the' Supremo Court de- 
clare that the fugitive slave law, in all its details, 
is constitutional, and therefore should be enforced. 
Who is prepared to say that the decision of the 
court shall not be carried out? Who is prepared 
to say that the fugitive slave law shall not be en- 
forced? Do you coerce a State when you simply 
If one man robs the mail and 
enforce the law ? 
you seek to arrest him, and he resists, and you 
employ force, do you call that coercion? If aman 
countcrfcits your coin, and is, arrested and con- 
victed, and punishment is resisted, cannot you 
execute the law? It is true thatsometimes so many 
may become infected with disobedience, outrages 
and violations of law may be participated in by so 
many, that they get beyond the control of the 
ordinary operations of law; the disaffection may 
swell to such proportions as to be loo great for the 
Government to control; and then it becomes a 
matter of discretion, nota matter of constitutional 
In this connection, I desire to introduce an au- 
thority from Virginia, for I do delight in author- 
ity from the Old Dominion; and from the indica- 
tions that are now visible—although it is possible 
that before the setting of the sun I may receive 
news that will convert my present hopes and my 
present exhilarated feelings into despair—she is 
going to make a stand for the Union and the Con- 
stitution. I delight in calling upon her for author- 
icy. In 1814 the doctrine that I am trying to 
inculcate here to-day was inculcated from Vir- 
ginia; and I ask my friend from California to read 
an extract which I have from the Richmond En- 
quire? of the 1st of November, 1814. 
Mr. LATHAM read, as follows: 
TILE TRCE QrnsT10N.—The Unionisin danger. Turn 
to the convention of Hartford, and learn to tremble at the 
madness of its authors. How far will those madmen ad- 
vancc? Though they may conceal from you the project of 
disunion, though a fey.•v of them may have even concealed 
it from t.hemselves, yet who will pretend to set bounds to 
tile rage of disaffection? One false step after another may 
lead them to resistance to the laws, to a treasonable neu- 
trality, to a war a«ainst the Government of the United 
In truth, the first act of resistance to the law is 
States. 
treason to the IJnited States. Are you ready for this state 
of things? Will you support the men who would plunge 
you into this ruin ? 
No Inan, no association of men, no State or setof States 
has a right to withdraw it.se}f from this Union, of its own 
accord. The same power which knit us together, can only 
'I'he, same formality which forged the linkS of' the 
unknit. 
Union, is ncccssary to dissolve it. The majorityof States 
which form the Union must consent to the withdrawal of 
any one branc)l of it. Until that consent has been obtained, 
any attempt to dissolve the Union, or obstruct the efficacy 
of its constitutional laws, is treason—treason to all intents 
and purposes. 
Any other doctrine, such as that which has been lately 
held forth by the Federal Rcpubtican, that any one Stat.e 
mav withdraw itse}f from thc Union, is an abominable 
heresy—which strips its author of every possible preten- 
Sion to the name or character ofa Federalist. 
wc call, therefore, upon the Government of tbe t inion 
and 
to exert its energies, when the season silall deinand it— 
seize the first traitor who shall spring out ot- the hotbed of 
the convention of Hartford. This illustrious Union, which 
has been cemented by the blood of our forefathers, the 
pride of America and the wonder of the world, must not 
bc tamely sacrificed to the heated brains or the aspirin" 
hearts of a few malcontents. The Union must be saved, 
when any one shall dare to assail it. 
Countrymen of the East! we call upon you to keep a 
vigilant eye upon those wretched men who would plunge 
us into civil war and irretrievable disgrace. Whatever be. 
the telnporary calamiLies which may assail us, let us swear, 
upon the altar of our country, to SAVE THE UN10N." 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi- 
I dent, I subscribe most heartily to the sentiment 
presented by the Richmond Enquirer of Novem- 
ber l, 1814. 'Then it was declared by that high 
authority that the Union was to be saved; that 
those persons who were putting themselves in op- 
position to the law were traitors, and that their 
treason should be punished as such. Now, sir, 
what is treason? fl'he Constitution of the United 
States defines it, and narrows it down to a very 
small compass. The Constitution declares that 
treason acrainst the United States shall consist 
only in levying war against them, or in adhering 
to their enemies, Oiving them aid and comfort." 
Who are levying war upon the United States? 
Who are adhering to the enemies of the U l')ited 
States, giving thern aid and comfort? Does it re- 
quire a man to take the lantern of Diogenes, and 
make a diligent search to find those who have been 
encraged in levying war acainst the United States ? 
Will it require any very great research or obser- 
vation to discover those who have been adherinc 
to those who were making war against the Uni- 
ted States, and giving them aid and comfort? If 
there are any such in the United Statcs they ought 
to be punished according to law and the Consti- 
tution. [Applause in the galleries, which was 
suppressed by the Presiding Offcer, Mr. Frrcll 
in the chair.] Mr. Ritchie, speaking for the Old 
Dorninion, used language that was unmistakable, 
that treason should be, punished, springing out of 
the hotbed of thc I-lartford convention. It was all 
right to talk about treason then; it x,vas all right to 
punish traitors in that direction. For mykelf, I 
care. not whether treason be committed north or 
south; he that is guilty of treason is entitled to a 
traitor's fate. 
But, I'v'lr. President, when we come to examine 
the views of some of those who have been engaged 
in this work, we find that the foundation of their 
desire to break up this Government dates beyond, 
and goes very far back of, any recent zwitation of 
the slavery question. 'I'herc are some mcn who 
want to break up this Government anyhow; who 
want a separation of the IJnion. Thore are some 
who have got tired of a government of the people. 
'rake the State of South 
They fear the people. 
Carolina. Although she has had Senators on this 
floor who have acted a portion of the time with 
the Democratic party, and sornctimes with no 
party, there is, in that State, an ancient anda fixed 
opposition to a government by the people. They 
have an early prejudice acruinst this thing called 
dernocracy—a government of the people. They 
entertained the idea of secession at a very early 
day; it is no new thing with them; it has notarisen 
out of the slavery question and its recent agitation. 
Even to this good day, the people, the freemen 
of South Carolina, have never been permitted to 
vote for President and Vice President of the Uni- 
ted States. They have never enjoyed that great 
luxury of freemen, of having a voice in the selec- 
tion of their Chief Magistrate. 
I have before mc an old volume. In the front- 
ispicce I find a picture of William Moultrie, 
Esq., late Governor of South Carolina, and major 
491 and 432 of 
This is to bé fbund on 
Moultrie's Memoirs. Ont é attor--,page he says: 
When the question was carried for giving up the-town 
upon a neutrality, I will not say who was I-hr the question; 
but this I well remember, that Mr. John Edwards, one of 
the Privy Council, a worthy citizen, and a very reSpectable 
merchant, of Charlestown, was so affected as to weep, and 
said, What! are we to give up the town at last?' 
He says that he endeavored to get a message 
carried from the Governor and Council to General 
Provost. Those to whom he applied begged to 
be excused; but finally he pressed them into a 
compliance. The message •was: 
To propose a neutrality during the war between Great 
Britain and America, and the question whether the State 
shall belong to Great Britain, or remain one of the United 
States, be determined by the treaty of peace between those 
two Powers." 
The Governor, who was a major general, pro- 
posed a neutrality, and proposed to withdraw 
from the Confederacy, to desist from resistance 
to Great Britain, and leave it to the two Powers, 
in making a treaty, to say whether they should 
remain a cölony of Great Britain or be one of the 
United States. At this early day, South Carolina 
was willing* to go back and be subjected to the 
Crown of Great Britain under King George Ill. 
Mr. WIGFALL. I ask the Senator merely to 
permit me to correct him as to a fact. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Ido not yield 
the floor. 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 do not intend to interrupt 
you 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tenne•ssee. Ido not yield 
the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FITcH.) 
The Senator from Tennessee is entitled to the 
Mr. WIGFALL. The Articles of Confedera- 
tion were forrned in 1781; that is all, 
havc tbcm 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennesscc. 
before me: ' 'Articles of Confederation and Per- 
petual Union;" and they end: Done at Phi.l?— 
delphia, in the State of Pennsylvania, the 9th day 
of July, in the year of our Lord 1778." 
Mr. WIGFALL. They were ratified in 1781. 
If you will read history and inform yourself, you 
will not fall into so many errors: 1781 is the 
time; I know it. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will just refer 
to the document. 
Mr. WIGFALL. While the Senator is 100k- 
incr over it, I will merely observe that I made the 
correction out of kindness t.o hirm 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 always 
fer havin«y correct ideas, and selecting my own 
sources of information. [Laughter.] 
Mr. WIGFALL. The year 1781 was the time 
the Articles of Confederation •w•ere ratified. You 
were simply mistaken; that is all. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not accept 
the correction, nor have I very much respect for 
the motive that prompted it. Let that be as it may, 
however, it does not change the great historical 
fact that at that day, instead of holding out with 
the other colonies who were members of the Con- 
federacy and engaged in the war, South Carölina 
was willing to enter into an agreement of neu• 
trality and go back under the protection of King 
f George Ill. have anotherdocumentthatl wish to 
read from; a book called " The Remenibrancer, or 
Impartial Repository of Public Events for the 
general in the American revolutionary war." The 
In that year the people of Charles- 
book is entitled, " Memoirs of the American Rev- II year 1780' 
olution, so far as it related to the States of North {X*t'ry, prepared an ad- 
and South Carolina and Georgia;" and the author I E 
dress, which I ask my friend from California, who 
is William Moultrie. The Articles of Confeder- 
reads so much better than I do, to read for me. 
ation, it will be remembered, were adopted July Mr. LATHAM read, as follows: 
| 9, 1778. South Carolina wyas one of the mem- 
To their Excellencies, SIR HENRY CLINTON, Knight of 
bers of the Confederacy—a party to the compact. 
the Bath, General Of his Ma,jesty's forces, and M RIOT 
I Charleston was besieged during the revolutionary 
ARBÜRTHNOT, Esq., Vice ddmiral of tbc Blue, his Ma- 
war, in 1779, by the British. The defense of t.hc 
jesty's Commissioners to restore peace and good govern- 
ment in the several colonies in rebellion in North am erica: 
town had been kept up for a considerable length 
of time, and at last General Moultrie sent a mes- The humble address of divers inhabitants of Charies- 
town : 
sage to the British commander, desiring to know 
'I'he inhabitants of Charlestown, by the articles of capit- 
'Gon what terms he would be disposed -to grant a 
Illation, are declared prisoners of war on parole; but we, 
capitulation." The answer of General Provost the underwritten, having every inducement to return to 
our allegiance, and ardently hoping speedily to be read- 
was submitted to the Governor, who summoned 
a council of war, and the result was the follow- 
i ing message to the British commander; 
CHARLESTOWN, May 12, 1779. 
SIR : I cannot possibly agree to so dishonorable a propo- 
i sal as is contained in your favor of yesterday but if you 
I will send one 
will appoint an officer to confer on terms, 
to meet him. at such timc and place as you fix on. 
1 have the' honor to be, WILLIAM MOULTRIE. 
Brigadier General PROVOST. 
mitted to the character and condition of British subjects, 
take this opportunity of' tendering to your Excellenéies our 
warmest congratulations on the restoration of this capital 
and province to their political connection with the Crown 
and Government of Great Britain ; an event which will add 
luster to yoar Excellencies' characters, and,- we trust, en- 
title you to the xnost distinguishing mark of thc royal favor. 
Although t.he right of taxing America in Parliament excited 
considerable ferment in the minds of the people of *his 
province, yet it may, with areligious adherence to truth, be 
