748 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 5, 
amqmed: that they did noc entertain the most distant thought 
Of dissolving the union that so happny subsisted between 
them and theirparent coUntry ; and when,- in the progress of 
that fatal controversy, the doctrine of independency (which 
originated: in the. more northern colonies) made its appear- 
ance among us, our nature revolted at the idea, and we look 
back with the most pain,ful regret on those convulsions that 
gave. existence to a power of subverting a constitution for 
which we always had, and ever shall retain, the most pro- 
found veneration, and substituting in its stead a rank de- 
moemey, which, however carefully digeStd in theory, on 
beihg reduced- into practice, has exhibited a system of ty- 
ranhic -domination only to be found- among the uncivilized 
part of mankind or in the history of the dark and barbarous 
ages of antiquity. 
We sincerely lament that, after the repeal of those stat- 
utes -which gave-rise to the troubles in America, the over- 
tureS made by hiS Majesty's Commissioners, from time to 
*tinie, were not regarded-. by our-late rulers. To tbis fatal 
inattention are to be attributed those calamities which have 
inyolved our country in a state of misery and ruin from 
Which, however, we trust it will soon ennerge, by the 
wisdom and clemency of his Majesty's auspicious Govern- 
ment, -and the influences of prudential laws, adapted to the 
n•ature of the evils wc labor under; aud that the people will 
be restored to those privileges, in the enjoynent whereof 
Anirnated with these hopes, we entreat your Excellen- 
cics' interposition in assuring his Majesty that we shall 
glory in every occasion of manifesting that zeal and affec- 
tion for his person and Government with which gratitude 
can inspire a free and.ioyful people. 
Charlestown, June 5, 1780. 
[Signed by two hundred and ten of the principal inhab- 
Rentcmba•ancer, part 2, 1780 ; page 84. 
Mr. JOHNSON, oftrennessee. It will be seen, 
from these two documents, what the early notions 
of the people Of South Carolina were. There 
never was, and I doubt very much whether, with 
a large portion of them, there ever will- be, any 
ideas of the people governing themselves. 'I'hcy 
hadi a great' aversion at that day to the idea of a 
government of the people. 
It was repudiated; 
and in the document which has just been read, 
signed by two h undred and tcn citizens of Chnrlcs- 
ton, they proposed to pass back under the British 
Government. 'This carries out the previous prop- 
osition to remain with Great Britain by treaty 
stipulation, and not go through the revolutionary 
struggle with the colonies with ',vhorn they had 
förrnéd a confederation. 
Again : 
in 1833, under the pretense of resist- 
ance to the operation ot• our revenue system and 
to a protective tariff, thcy wanted to break up the 
Government. They werc overrulcd then. Their 
pride was wounded by that failure; and their dc- I 
termination was increascd, whenever it was in 
their power, to break up this Union, or go out of 
the Governrncnt. This I have no doubt, 
has existed there- from that period to the prescnt 
time. When we turn to the debates which re- 
céntly took placc in the South Carolina conven- 
tion, v.,re fincLthat Mr. Maxcy Gregg, Mr. Rhett, 
and others, said that their reason for goincr out of 
the Union now dates as far back as forty years; 
some of them said thirty years, and some twenty. 
Mr. Gregg said, in the South Carolina conven- 
Lion, on the 21st of December last: 
If wc undertake to set thrth t.he cnuges, dn we not 
dishonor thc Incrnory of all the statesn)ell of South Caro- 
*ina, now departed, who conunenced rorty years amo a war 
a«ainst the tariff arid aryains;t internal itnprovcmcnts, saying 
nothing of the United States Bank, and other ineasurcs, 
wbich -may now bc regarded as obsolete." 
Mr. Rhett, on the 24th of December, said: 
The secession of South Carolina is not an event of a 
tion, or by tbc non-cxccution of' the fugitive slave law. 
has been a matter which has been gathering head for thirty 
Hence we see that- there IS a design with some 
to break up this Government without reiörence to 
the slaverv question; and the slavery question is 
by them rn-ade a pretense for destroying this Union. 
They have at length passed their ordinance of 
secession; they assume to be out of the Union; 
they declare that they are no longer a member of 
the Confederacy. Now what are the other States 
called upon to do? At•e the other States called 
upon to make South Carolina an exemplar? Are 
those slave States who believe that freemen should 
govern and that freemen can take care of slave , 
propetty, to be " precipitated into a revolution i 
by following the example of South Carolina? 
Wili they do it? Whal protection, what security i 
will Tennessee, will Kentucky, will Virginia, will 
Maryland, or any other Statc, reccivc from South 
Carolina by following her example? -What pro- I 
tection can she give then')? On t.he contrary, she 
indulges in a threat towards them—a t.in•eat that 
if they do not imitate her example and come into 
a new confederacy upon her terms,' they are to be 
put-under the ban, and their.slave property to be 
subjected to restraint and restriction. What pro- 
tection-ean South Carolihagive Tennessee? Any? 
None upon the face of the earth 
Some of the men who are engaged in the work 
of disruption and dissolution, want Tennessee 
and Kentuckv and Virginia to furnish them wit.h 
men and money in the event of their becoming 
engaged in a war for the conquest of Mexico. 
The Tennesseeans and Kentuckians and Virgin- 
ians are very desirable when their men and their 
money are wanted; but what protection does 
South Carolina give Tennessee ? 
Jf negro prop- 
erty'is endangered in Tennessee, we have to de- 
fend it and pay for it—not South Carolina,. that 
has been an apple of discord in this Confederacy 
from my earliest recollection down to the present 
time, complaining of everything, satisfied with 
nothing. 
I do not intend to be invidious, but I 
have sometimes thought that it would be a com- 
fort if Massach usetts and South Carolina could be 
chained together as the Siamese twins, separated 
from the continent, and taken out to some remotc 
and secluded part of the ocean, and there fast 
anchored, to be washed by the waves, and to be 
cooled by the winds; and after thcv had bccn 
kept there a sufficient length of tillie , the people 
of the United States might entertain the proposi- 
tion of taking them back. [Laughter.] They 
seem-to have been the. source of dissatisfaction 
pretty much ever since they were in the Confed- 
cracy;and some experiment of this sort, I think, 
would operate beneficially upon them; but as they 
are here, we must try to do the best we can with 
them. 
So much, Mr. President, for South Carolina and 
Louisiana in this struggle. I do not think they are 
setting examples very worthy of imitation. But, 
sir, the speech that I made on the 19th of Decem- 
ber seems to have produced some little stir; and 
among other distinguished Senators, the Senator 
from Oregon [Mr. LANE] felt it his duty, late in 
thc evei)in«, to make reply to me. Ido not see 
why it w'as called for from the Senator from Ore- 
I did not know that I had said anythino• 
gon. 
tl'lat was offensive to him; it was not my inten- 
tion to do so; it was an inadvertence, if I did. 
felt that I had just come out of a campaign in 
which I had labored hard, and in which I had ex- 
pended my money and my time in vindicating 
to that portion of the people of this country ; and I will say 
to that honorable gentleman that while they struggle for the 
constitutional rights of the other States of the Union, as 
they have always done, and as they vvik! continue to do, 
there is one thing that they will not do : they Will not march 
under his banner to strike down a gallant, chivalrous, and 
generous people contending for rights. that have. been re- 
fused them by the other States of this Union. They will 
not march with .hiill under his bloody banner, or Mr. Lin- 
coln's, to invade the soil of the gallant State of South Car- 
olina when may withdraw fi•mn a Confederacy that has 
refused her that equality to which she is entitled, as a mem- 
berof the Union, under the Constitution. On the contrary, 
when he or any other gentleman raises that banner and at- 
tempts to subjugate that gallant people, instead of march- 
ing with him, we will meet hilli there, ready to repel him 
and his forces. 
He shall not bring with-him the northern 
Democracy to strike down a people contending for rights 
that have been ret-used them in a Union that ought to rec- 
ownize the equaiiLY.of every member of the ContOderacy." 
I do not know that I used any argument that 
should have caused a reply like that. Did any- 
body hear me talk about a bloody battle? Did 
anybody hear me talk about going down upon 
South Carolina? Did anybody hear me speak 
about cocrcing a State? No. 
Mr. LANE. Will the Senator allow me a 
word ? 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 would rather 
go on, sir. Why, then, answcr positions I did 
not assume, or attribute to me language that I did 
not use? Was itin the speech ? No. Why, then, 
use language and assi«yn a position to me which, 
if not intended, was calculated to make afalsc im- 
pression? What called it forth? What reason 
was there for it? 
I saw the consternation which 
was created. J looked at some of their faces. 
1 
knew that had stirred up animosity, and it was 
important that somebody from another quarter 
should make the attack. 
If the attack had been 
upon what I said or upon the position I had as- 
I sumed, i should have no cause to compEain; and 
I do not complain now. Sir, us young as I am, 
I have lived down some men. 
I have survived 
many misrepresentations. 
I feel that I havc a 
conscience and a heart that will lead me to do it 
again. But when I had said nothing, when I had 
done nothing, to be struck by him whom I have 
vindicated, I might well have exclaimed, " That 
was the unkindest cut of all." 
the Senator said: 
If it should come unfortunately upon this country, in- 
augurated by a tyrant, who would like to conquer and hold 
A Inerican citizens as vassals, then I. will say to that coward 
him and the present Vice President, who was a who would do it, ' You will walk over your hmnble ser- 
candidate for the Presidency, from the charge of 
favoring secession and disunion. Through the 
dust and heat, through the mud and rain, trav- 
ersed my State, meeting the charge of the Opposi- 
tion that secession was at the bottom of this move- 
mcnt; that there was a fixcd design and plan to 
break up this Govcrnment; that it started at 
Charleston, and was consummated at Baltimore; 
and thc charge was made that my worthy friend 
—if I may be permitted to cali him such; I thought 
I was his friend then—was the embodiment of 
disunion and secession. I met the charge. 
1 
denied it. 
I repudiated it. I tried to convince the 
people—and I think I did succccd in convincing 
some of them—that the charge was untrue; and 
that leuc and M 1'. Breckinridge were the two best 
Union in the country. I did not see what 
tk'kct•e was in my speech that should extort reply 
. (rom him, who resided away North. 
come iri conflict with anything that ho had said or 
done. When he was striking thesc blows at rne 
without cause, I thought it was, at least, unkind. 
I may not have defended him to his entire satis- 
faction. It so turned out that we were unfortu- 
nate; we wcrc dcftated; butl was willing to stand 
like a man; to stand upon the Constitution and 
tho Union, and, if I must fall, fall decently. Af- 
tor I had gone through the canvass; after I had 
defendcd the Senator, and sustained him with my 
voice and my vote, I thought it was strange that 
he should attack me in the manner he didj I felt 
likc replying to him, on the spur of thc occasion ; 
but it was late in the evening, and by the time he 
had concluded, the Senate was tired out, and I 
declined going on. I preferred to let it pass, and 
submit to all the wrong and injury inflicted upon 
In his speech upon that occasion, the Sena- 
me. 
tor from Oregon madc use of the following lan- 
guage : 
vanes body first.' 1 shall never coöperate with any portion 
of this country, North or South, that would strike down a 
people contending for their rights." 
I Inarch down upon South Carolina! Did I 
propose any such thing? No. War is not the 
natural element in my mind; and, as i stated in 
that speech, my thoughts were turned on peace, 
and not on war. I want no strife. I want no war. 
In the language ofa denomination that is numer- 
ous in thecountry,l may say I hate war and love 
peace. I belong to the peace party. I though t, 
when I was making that speech, that I was hold- 
in« out the okive branch of peace. I wanted to 
give quiet and reconciliation to a distracted and 
excited country. That was the object I had in 
view. War, I repeat, is not the natural clement 
of my mind. 
L would rather wear upon my gar- 
ments the tinge of the shop and the dust of the 
field, as badges of the pursuits of peace, than the 
gaudy epaulet upon my shoulder, or a sword 
dangling by my side, wil.h its glittering scabbard, 
the insicynia of strife, of war, of blood, of carnage; 
i sometimes of honorable and glorious war. But, 
sir, I would rather see the people of the United 
States at war with cvcry other Power upon the 
habitable globe, than to be at war with each other. 
blood must be shed, let. it not be shed by the 
people of these States, the one contending against 
the other. 
But the Senator went on still further In that dis- 
cussion. Why it was necessary to follow up his 
attack upon me, I cannot tell. Alluding to the 
Senator from Tennessee, he said: 
He took occasion to give an account of the action of the 
Senate upon certain resolutions introduced here, settingr 
forth the prfncipies that werc made the issue in the late 
contest, and that vvere overridden and trodden down. 
called the attention of the Senate to a proposition intro- 
dneed by the honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr. 
BROWN] to declare that now is the time for action ; 
that a 
law ought to be passed at this time protecting property in the 
He [alluding to myself] hag spoken very handsomely Territorics. 
'I'hougb it was Iny opinion then that i! would 
of thc gallant conduct of that glorious band, the northern have been well to pass such a law, yet that Senator knew, 
Democracy ot• the country. who, though in a Iliinority at and so did every other one, that it was impossiblc in this 
home, have struggled for thic rights of their southern breth- Congress to pass such a law. might have passed such 
ren—tör the equality and rights of all the States. 
I belong I a bill through this body, but it could never have paésed the 
