1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
749 
other. Then it was our duty, as it was our privilege, to set 
forth the principles on which this Government re.posed, and 
They were the principles upon which this great battle was 
fought, that resulted in the election of Mr. Lincoln." 
Before I take up that proposition in connection 
with what I said before, I wish to say here that, 
had the Senator avowed the doctrine prior to the 
last presidential election that he avowed here in 
reply to me, expressing his secession and dis- 
union sentiments, I give it as my opinion that he 
could not have obtained ten thousand votes in the 
State of Tennessee in the last election, and think 
I know what I say. I give that, however, simply 
But to come back to the point at which the Sen- 
ator speaks of the resolutions introduced by the 
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. DAv1s.] I had 
referred to those resolutions to show that there 
was no occasion for this immediate secession with- 
out giving the people time to think or understand 
what-was to be done. 
I thought so then, and I 
think so now; and I want to show what the Sen- 
ator's views were then, and see what has brought 
about such a change upon his mind since. 'We 
find that while those resolutions were under con- 
sideration, Mr. CLINGMAN offered an amendment, 
to come in after the fourth resolution, to insert the 
following: 
Resoleed, That the existing condition of the Territories 
Of the United States does not require the intervention of 
Congress tar the protection of property in slaves. 
On the question to agree to the amendment proposed 
by Mr. BROWN, to wit: Strike out of the amendment the 
word not,' 
[t was detcrmined in the negative—yeas 5,- navs 43." 
Now, by striking out the word not, 
it makes 
the resolution read: 
Resolced, rl'hat the existing condition of the Territories 
of the United States does require the intcrvcation of Con- 
gress for the protection of property in slaves." 
Mr. Bnowx, of Mississippi, moved to strike 
out the word not," thereby making it read that 
the condition of the Territories does require the 
protection of Congress for slave property; and 
upon the yeas and nays being taken on that mo- 
tion to strike out the word " -not,' 
' there were— 
yeas 5, nays 43. 
" On motion of Mr. CLINGMAN, 
'I'he ycas and nays being desired by one fifth of the 
Senators present, 
Those who voted in the affirmative are : Messrs. Drown, 
Clay, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Yulee. 
'I'hose who voted in the negativc are : Messrs. Benja- 
min, Bigler, Binghatn, 
Bright, Chandler, Chesnut, 
Clark, Clingmau, Collamcr, Crittendcn. Davis, l)ixon, Doo- 
little, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Green, Gwin, Hale, in, 
mond, Hen) phill, Hunter, Johnson of'l'ennessee, Kcn nedy, 
Lane, Latharn, Mallory, Mason, Nicho!son, Pearce, Polk 
Powell, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian, Slide]}, 'Yen Eyck, 'l'ocnnbs, 
rrrumbull, VVade, VViafaiI, Wilson. 
Thus, forty-three Senators recorded their vote 
during the last session of Congress that it was 
not necessary to pass a law to protect slavery in 
the Territories. 
Senator from Oregon, in 
connection with other Senators, under the solemn 
sanction of an oath, declared that it vvas not ne- I 
cessary to pass laws for the protection of slavery 
in the Territories. What right has South Caro- 
lina lost since the last session? What right has 
any State lost since the last session of Congress? 
You declared that it was not necessary to pass a 
law to protect them in the enjoyment of their 
property in the Territories; and now, forsooth, 
the short space of two or thrcc moons, you 
turn around and tell the country that States arc 
justified in going out of the Union because Con- 
gress will not pass a law to protect them in the 
enjoyment of their property in the Territories, 
x,vhen you said it was not necessary! That is 
what I call driving the nail in. [Laughter.] I 
will remark, as I go along, that the eloquent and 
distinguished Senator who made his valedictory 
hore yesterday, on retiring from the Senate, voted 
for that identical resolution. This protection was 
not necessary then. They said it was wholly 
unnecesary. But since that, they have waked up 
to a sense of its necessity, and resolved to secede 
if it should not be granted. To this same prop- . 
osition Mr. ALBERT G. BR0WN offered an amend- 
ment. Mark you, this is the 25th day of May, 
1860; and that is not long ago • 
ured about. Sometimes a -man had a great• deal 
ment, do not afford adequate and sumeient protection to better read a -thing and- •undefStand it before; he 
having refused to pass such enactments, it has become the pitches into it. I will noi say that thåt is the 
duty of Congress to interpose and pass such lavvs as will 
with the honorable Senator, forl should proceed 
afiörd to slave property in the Territories that protection 
upon the idea that he Was laboring under th'e im: 
vvhich is given to other kinds of property." 
pression that he understood it exactly. It is hÖt 
That is a pretty clear proposition. Upon that 
a very uncommon occurrence to be mistaken. 
I Mr. RnowN made an argument, showing the num- Sometimes the mistake results from'a Want of ex- 
ber of slaves in the Territories, and the action Of incapacity to under- 
the Legislatures, and concluded that if the time 
stitution and the common law, unaided by statutory enact- 
ever would arrive, it was then before Congress, 
and they should passa law on the subject. What 
We find, after an argument being made by Mr. 
BROWN, showing that the necessity did exist, ac- 
cording to his ärgument, the vote upon the prop- 
osition stood thus: The qucstion being taken by 
yeas and nays, it was determined in the negative 
—yeas 3, nays 42. 
Forty-two Senators voted that you did not need 
protection; that slavery was not in danger 
" The yeas and nays being desired by one fifth of the 
Senators present, 
'I'hose who voted in the affrmative are; Messrs. Brown, 
Johnson of Arkansas, Mallory." 
There were only three. Who said it was not 
necessary? Who declared, under the solemn sanc- 
tion of an oath, that protection was not needed ? 
'I'hose who voted in the negative, are: Messrs. Ben- 
jamin"— 
Ah ! Yes; BENJAMIN !— 
maler, Bragg, Bright, Chesnut, Clark, Clay, Clingman, 
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fitzpatrick, Foot, 
Foster, Green, Grimes, Gwin, I-lanilin, Harlan, Hemphill, 
Hunter"— 
HUNTER, of Virginia, also !— 
Iverson, Johnson of rrcnnessee, Lane." 
A h! [Laughter.] Yes, LANE, of Oregon, voted 
on the 25th day of last May, that slavery did not 
need protection in the rrerritories. Now he wilk 
get up and tell the American people and the Sen- 
ate that he is for a State seceding, and for break- 
ing up the Government, because they cannot get 
what he swore they did not need. [Laughter.] 
That is what I call putting the nail through. 
[Laughter in the galleries.] 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. FITCH in 
the chair.) The galleries must preserve order. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then, after 
voting that it was not necessary to have a prop- 
osition to protect slavery in the 'I'erritories, the 
original proposition, as amended, was adopted by 
a vote of' 35 yeas to 2 nays; thus voting all the 
way through, even to the final action of the Senate, 
that no suéh protection wag necessary. You have 
not got protection, your rights, your equality ; and 
you tell me t.hatl have done you injustice by 
defending you against the charge tha9you were in 
favor ofa dis.solution• of the Union! Even if you 
approved it, it would only show that I was mis- 
taken. You deceived me that time; that was your I 
fault. The next time it will bemine. I assumed,on 
that occasion, in reference to the act of ratification 
of the Constitution by the State of Virginia, that 
so far as I was capable of examinincr it, Virginia 
had made no reservation, no condition, in her rat- 
ifcation of the Constitution of the United States. 
I had examined the question; I had looked at all 
the authorities that could be found upon the sub- 
ject, and 1 coald find no warrant for the asser- 
tion; but still the Senator from Oregon, in his reply 
to me, spoke with great familiarity of the pro- 
ceedings of that convention ratifying the Consti- 
tution, as though he understood it; and with great 
confidence said it had made a reservation. I will 
read what he said: 
Dominion, rnade a condition upon which she adopted 
Constitution. It became a portion of the cornpact. And I 
not only Virginia, but New York, made the same condition I 
when she adopted the Constitution ; and Rhode Island 
He spoke with great confidence in this reply to 
me. He then said: 
Now, I would ask the honorable Senator from 'Tennes- 
see, if the time has not arrived when these States ought to 
resunnc the powers conferred on a Federal Governn:ent ; 
stand the subject, and various other causes. So 
it is that it occurs very frequently we labor under 
false impressions. We find when sve come to 
examine this subject of the ratification of the Con- 
stitution by Virginia, that a committee was ap- 
pointed in the convention of Virginia, arRl that 
that committee reportedasetofresolutions. They 
reported one resolution in lieu of the preamble 
That resolution is as follows: 
Resolved, That previous to the ratification of the new 
Constitution of Government recommerided by the late Fed- 
eral convention, a declaration of rights, asserting-and secur- 
ing from encroachment the great principles of civil and 
religious liberty, and the inalienable rights of the people, 
t.ogether with amendments to the most exceptionable parts 
of the said Constitution of Governtnent, ought to be ret•errcd 
by this convention to the other States in the American Con- 
federacy for their Debates on the 
Federal Constitution, vol. 3, p. 653. 
Here was a proposition making conditions; and 
upon a vote to adopt this amendment it was voted 
down—ayes 80, nocs 88. Then what follows ? 
The committee reported an ordinance adopting 
the Constitution of the United States; but in their 
ordinance they go on and make a kind of pream- 
ble, or a whereas, a declaration as to their under- 
standing—not conditions, not reservations—but a 
declaration of their understanding. What do they 
say: 
VVc, thc delegates of the people of Virginia, duly elected 
in pursuance of a recommendation from the General As- 
senibly, and now met in convention. having fully and freely 
investigated and discussed the proceedings or the Federal 
eonvention, and being prepared as well as the most mature 
deliberations bath enabled us, to decide thereon'•'— 
Now, mark you— 
do, in the name and in the behalf of the people of Vir- 
ginia, dcclarc and make known, that the powcrs gi•anted 
under the Constitution, being derived from the people of 
I the United States, he resumed by thetn whensoever the 
same shan be perverted to their injury or oppression." 
Elliot's Debates on the Federal Constitution, vol. 3, p. 656. 
They declare, in behalf of Virginia, that the 
powers of the Constitution are derived from the 
people of the United States, to be resumed by 
them whenever they shall be converted to their 
injury or oppression." Who is to resume them? 
The people of the United States. That idea was 
always inculcated by James Madison. What 
more do they say? This is not the ratifying 
clause. They say: 
'V ith these ilnpressions"— 
Not these conditions, not these reservations— 
With these ilnpressions, with a solemn appeal to the 
Searcher of hearts, tor the purity of our intentions, and 
under the conviction that whatsoever imperi@ctions may 
exist in the Constitution, ought rather to be examined in 
E the mode prescribed therein, than to bringthe Union into 
danger by delay with a hope of obtaining amendments pte- 
vious to the ratificatiOn." 
Now comes the ordinance of adoption; and 
what is it: 
We, the said delegates, in the name and behalf of the 
people of Virginia, do, by these presents, assent to and rat- 
tfy the Constitution, recommended on the '17th day of Sep- 
tmnber, 1787, hy the Federal Convention, for the govern- 
rnent of the United States; hereby announcing to alfwhom 
it rnay concern that the said constitution is binding upon 
the said people, according to an authentic copy hereunto 
annexed in the words Debates on the 
Federat Constitution, vol. 3, p. 656. 
Is there any reservation or condition there? It 
seems to me that the sight of a man would be 
tolerably keen that could see a condition there. 
When was this? We find that Virginia adopted 
that on Tuesday, June 26, 1788. When did South 
Carolina come into the Union? Beföre Virginia 
did. If Virginia made a condition, South Caro- 
lina was already in. 
I-low rnany States were in ? 
Thc covenant was formed and had been ratified 
bv nine States before Virginia came into the 
l! Ifnion. The idoa of Virginia appending condi- 
or if it has not, I should like to know when the time can 
come." 
; I tions after the Government was formed and -the 
After declaring under the solemn sanction of an i' Constitution ratified by nine States ! 
On motion by Mt. BROWN, to amend the resolution by I oath that protection was needed. and nothing 
But, to make this thing more clear, Mr. Madi- 
striking out all after the, world 'resolved,' and in lieu II else has since transpired, he wants to know when son, in New York, 
received a letter from 
i' the time will cmne, if it has not come, that they Mr. Hamilton, stating that he had some doubts 
I wish I had the whole continent here to hear will be justified in breaking up this Confederacy? as to the ratification of the Constitution by New 
this paragraph. 
I saw a good deal of the confusion that was liere York; that they wanted some conditions, and one 
that evening; the books were run around and fig- II condition was, mighthave the privilege to 
That experience having already shown that the Con. 
