752 
the' United StateS, to declare it to bermy solemn 
conviction that if every one of those Ineasures 
were to be now adopted by the unanimous voice 
of the members of this House and of the Senate, 
that fact would produce no effect in arresting the 
current that is sweeping State after State out of 
this Confederacy. 
Many of these measures may be right in them- 
selves, but they propose no radical, no effectual 
remedies, no removal of the causes of diMculty. 
The admission«jf-a portion of the existing ter- 
ritory of the United States into the Union as a 
State establishes no principle, rec.ocnizes no right, 
produces no result in the •adjustment of this ques- 
tion—theterritorial question—which has been the 
main Cause in bringing about the present condition 
of things. If it be the desire of gentlemen to reach 
theævil•, to apply a remedy to the disease; to heal 
these dissensions, and restore the Union to its old 
condition, they must 1.00k forward to the adoption 
of constitutional amendments, to changes in the 
orøanic law; to changes which will settle and put 
forcver at rest all pretexts for the agitation of this 
sectional question, which has sowed the seeds of 
bitterness and hatebetween the North and South— 
the opposing portions of the Union. They must 
look forward to the adoption of constitutional 
amendments which will settle every one of the 
questions on the firm basis of clear and well dc- 
fined provisions in the orgånic law, and which 
will take away now and forever all pretexts for 
presenting -to this House or thc Senate petitions 
calculated to stir up the seeds of these dissensions 
and diffculties, which have at last resulted in 
placing us in the attitude which we now occupy 
m the eyes of the civilized world. 
If' gentlemen, .in view of the benefits -which 
result to our people and to the world from this 
Union, cannot raise themselves to the height of 
those great acts, then—and I say it with the deepest 
recret—in my view, the perznancnt dissolution of 
this Union is inevitable. It is vain for men to 
delude themselves with the expectation that the 
palliatives recommended by the Inajority of the 
committee ofthirty-th ree are ff0in" to remove dee p- 
seated evils, to cure deeply-rooted diseases, and to 
restore to unity this broken Confederation. 
there be not virtue enough and patriotism enough 
among the representativesof the people here, and 
the representatives of the States in the other end 
of the Capitol, to arrive at that determination, and 
to ripen it into action by the adoption of consti- 
tutional amendments,'the dissolution of the Union 
is inevitable; and then we must bc prepared, and 
you must be ptepared, to meet another question 
—the question as to the position which the two 
sections of this Confederacy are to occupy with 
regard to cach other when lhc act of dissolution 
has become complete. 
We owe it to ourselves, we owe It to the world, 
if we can no longer livc togethcu• in peace, if we 
can no longer dwell together as brethren in unity, 
that, like the patriarchs of old, we should separate 
the 
without contention; that if one goes north, 
othcr shall go south; and that we should dwell— 
each portiOii of our people by themselves, and in 
their own tents—in peace. Is that to hc the rcsult? 
It is for the people of the northern States, arid for 
the Representatives of the people of the northern 
States, to determine that question. Many say that 
if these Matcs which have now declared, in the most 
solemn manner ever yet witnessed in the civilized 
world , thcirdctermination to sever the bonds which 
have heretofore united them to the other States 
and made us one peoplc, are to be permitted to 
do so, this •Government ceases to be a Govern- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 5. 
society recognize as legitimate and. proper to be 
remployed by ever_y people when their rights are 
in vaded. 
But gentleman say the Constitution was in- 
tended to be perpetual; that the Government is to 
be eternal; that no State can secede without the 
consent of her sister States. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no disposition to enter ilJo a discussion upon the 
character of our Government or the right of States 
constitutionally.to secede. But I say this: that it 
is a principle recognized by all the writers upon 
the public law of the world that have ever given 
their thoughts to mankind; that it is a.principle 
recognized by the action•of this Government in 
all past time as a nation; that it is a principle 
which has always hitherto been recognize(l by 
the whole American people, that the right of rev- 
olution exists and is inherent in the members of 
all organized communities. 
Mr. McKEAN. Ifthc honorable gentleman will 
indulge me, I desire to say that I know of rnany 
patriotic friends of the Union upon this floor •,vho 
have desired for weeks to spcak in behalf of the 
Union, who havc not been able to get the floor. 
I now ask the Chair what question is before the 
House of which the gentleman from the seceding 
State of Louisiana is discussing. 
Mr. TAYLÖR. Does the House me per- 
mission to go or] ? 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louis- 
iana iS entitled to the floor. 
Mr. McKEAN. I rise to a question of order: 
that there is no question before the House upon 
which the gentleman from Louisiana can proceed 
with his rerinarks. 
I The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louis- 
iann, about to leave the House, desired to be heard, 
and the House gave permission. 
Mr. McKEAN. The gcntleman from New 
York [Mr. SPINNER] made objection before the 
commcncc.ment of the gentleman 's remarks. 
r 1" lie SPEAKER. Objection was made by the 
gentleman frotn New York to printing the paper 
prcscnted by the gentleman frorn Louisiana, but 
he did not object to tho remarks of the gentleman. 
The gentleman from Louisiana w proceed. 
MG. 'INAYLOR. I was j ust proceeding to state 
rnight bc the opi r) ions of gentle- 
that q' hatever 
men in resl)cct to abstract questions of constitu- 
ti01'lal law, there is but one opinion in tho whole 
world in relation to the existence of the right of 
revolution That right has been shox,vm to exist 
by all recorded history. It was by the exercise of. 
that riffht that we came into existence asa nation; 
and since our. existence as a nation it has been our 
settled policy to reconnize the existence of that 
right everyw•here. Any one who chooses to look 
into our national records will discover that, in 
every instance where a people have taken up arms 
for the purpose of vindicating their rights against 
a Governmont with which they had been con- 
nected, it has been the settled practice of this 
Government to recoo•nizc thc•rn as an independent 
Statc whencvcr tl'1Cir authority, in fact, extended 
throughout thcir territorial lirnits; and that, too, 
l')0twithstanding the Government from which they 
separated still (lcnipd their independence, and con- 
tinued to assert their rights over them. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, what will be the condition 
ot' this people if thc remaining portion of thesc I 
Slates, in violation of that principle under which 
this Government, came into existence, and in vio- 
fation of that principle which has been recocpnized 
by all the departments of the Federal Govern- 
ment durincy our whole existencc as a nation, 
should choose to make use of violence and mili- 
their own interests, not in contributing the fruits 
of their -industry to swell the commerce•of the 
world, and to add to the comforts and enjoyments 
of mankind, but in the work of seeing how much 
mischief they•can do to each other. Their sons 
will go to recruit armies to meet in hostile com- 
bat, and their substance will be consumed in pay- 
ing the taxes levied to keep armies in the field 
and fleets upon thc sea, until, at last, after years, 
perhaps, of calamity and suffering, and when 
bowed down by the burdens which the necessi- 
ties of war will impose, and when overwhelmed 
with debt, they will be compelled to make peace 
from mere exhaustion, and leave the question be- 
tween the two sections just where it was when 
tary force for the pta pose of preserving the se- 
If gentlemen of the remaining States are 
menta 
ceding States in theit connection with the Union ? 
under- the impression that it is neccssnry to vindi- 
cate the fact that a Govcrnmentcxists, k)'y the sub- Why, sir, they witl be engaged in war. 
It will 
people by I not be action for the maintenance of the Union— 
of -force, and shoutd act upon that impression and the of the laws. 
It will be war— 
upon that view, what will be the result? I)o they I open, actual war. Great armies will be in the 
flatter themselves that what they express, when , field; and this country, which has heretofore been 
they say that the laws shall be enforccd and the engaged in the peaceful pursuits life, for the 
Union maintained, is to be accomplished by the II creation of nmterial wealth, for the advancement 
operation of law, by the actsofthe civil magistrate, of civilization and the spread of the arts and sci- ! 
by the quiet and peaceful execution of judgincnts ences, and for the promotion of the prosperity 
happiness of its population, will be so no 
rendcrcd the courts in the ordinary course of and 
It will bc subjected to all the evils of war. 
judicial proceedings? Let them not flatter them- longer. 
r I'he people. of The two sections into which it will be divided 
selves -that. this is to take place. 
those States which have taken a position of in- will constitute twoopposingnations as completely I 
dependence, who declare their determination to as •though they had never been united undef one 
maintain that independence by arms, will have rc- Governinent; and the people of each will be en- • 
course to those means which nature and ail human h gaged, not in laboring for the advancement of 
the war began. 
But who can say that we would be allowed to 
go on in waging a war so senseless? When our 
Union has ceased to exist upon the solid founda- 
tions of the affections of all portions of the Amcri- 
can people, we shall descend at once from our 
rank among the nations of the earth. Our voice 
will then be no longer potential enough to pro- 
tect America from European intervention; and it 
Ilia y happen that our own affairs, if you of the 
North are mad enough to war upon your brethren 
because they are no longer willing to live with you 
under the same Government, may be the first to 
call for the interposition of European Powers in 
the common interest of mankind. And what a 
spectacle shall we then present to the world! We 
that forbade all European intervention on this 
continent—and whose prohibition was respected— 
compelled, by our X.veakncss, to submit to it our- 
selves. And now, let me ask, will not England 
and France command the peace if you of the North 
determine on war? And will they not have the 
riffht to do so in their own interest and for yours? 
Owing to the peculiar condition in which we are 
placed, owing to the peculiar condition of that por- 
tion of the United States which has seceded from 
the remainder of the States, evils, of such a nature 
as the world never before saw, will shake your 
society, will shake the society of large portion 
of the civilized world to their very foundations if 
such a war as that may bring on should be con- 
tinued but for a-single year. 
Mr. Speaker, the maékets of the world are sup- 
plied by cotton grown upon our southern soil. 
To-day the industry of our northern brethren is 
supplied to the extent of millions by the raw ma- 
terial which it furnishes. 
Mr. STANTON. YVill the gentleman from 
Louisiana allow me for a single moment? I sup- 
posed thc gentleman from Louisiana, when he 
asked the indulgence of the House, desired to 
make some remarks, personal to himself, upon 
his withdrawal from the House; and with that 
understanding 1 certainly, for one, refrained to 
interpose objection. But I find he is going into 
an elaborate discussion the differences arisino• 
out of the disturbed condition of the country, cer- 
tainly calling for a reply. I desire to state further, 
that to a genlloman speaking by unanimous con- 
sent, thc hour rule does not apply. I hope the gen- 
t.leman from Louisiana will not abuse the courtesy 
of (be House by going into a general discussion 
of these questions. 
Mr. BOULIGNY. 1 hope gentlemen will not 
interfere with the right of my colleague to the 
floor. He is making his last speech upon this 
floor, betöre withdrawing fronl the I-louse; and 
I do not think it is very polite to interfere with 
him. 
Mr. TAYLOR. Those gentlemen who remain 
upon this floor will have an opportunity of speak- 
ing in reply to anything I may utter, if anything 
I may say may, in their opinion, deserve a reply. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louis- 
iana is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. TAYLOR. I was proceeding to say that 
our northern brethren consume now in their man- 
ufactories some eight hundred thousand bales of 
cotton annually; that, by their industry and the 
employment of their capital, they give it a value 
w I'lich reaches the amount yearly of not less than 
#120,000,000. Cross the ocean, and in England 
there are nearly three million bales employed in 
her manufacturing establishments, to which Eng- 
1ish capital and English labor give such a value 
that. the fabrics made of it have a value in the com- 
merce of Great Britain •which reaches to-day to 
at least $700,000,000. And upon the continent of 
Europe the value of the manufactures out of the 
