758 
THE CONGRßSSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 5, 
law would be executed in North Carolina by dis- 
continuing. the mail service. What I said was 
this, and the position which I took—and the one 
to which the gentleman from New York must 
address .hi.mself, if he desires to reply to me—was, 
that when this 'law has been executed in the State 
of- Mississippi, for instance, a citizen of N0Tth. 
Carolina, who has property in Mississippi, or who 
has family connections in MissisSippi-j or who, 
from any. other cause, has occasion to have com- 
municanon by letter with the State of Mississippi, 
cannot have his letter transmitted to its destina- 
tion, because, when •it comes to the border of Mis- 
sissippi* this Government refuses to carry it any 
further itself, and will make no arrangement with 
Mississippi for carrying on such letter, as the 
merchant of New York has arrangements made 
for him, to carry his letters into the interior of 
Canada. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 am obliged to the gentle- 
man from North Carolina for calling my atten- 
tion to the distinction which he has made. It es- 
caped my notice, though I gave his remarks that 
attention which I always pay to whatever falls 
from, his lips. The argument, then, of the gen- 
tleman from North Carolina is one of mere per- 
sonal inconvenience; but that does not operate 
upon North Carolina in any degree approaching 
the inconvenience which would operate upon my 
own constituents. We send thousands of lettcrs 
to Louisiana, Georgia, and Mississippi, where 
North Carolina sends one. deprecate thal in- 
convenience; I regret it, and. could wish it were 
otherwise; but it is unavoidable. By and by, 
should there be no reconciliation, should the peo- 
plc of the different sections agree to separate, hav- 
Ing found it impossible to get along together—un- 
doubtedly, when that state of things ariscs, postal 
arrangements will be entered into, like the postal 
conventions with foreign nations, like the postal 
convention which exists in the Zollverein, or like 
the postal arrangement which exists between this 
country and Canada, and to which the gentleman 
refers. At the proper time, when the real char- 
ucter of our relations with thesc States becomes an 
cstablished fact, it would be folly to refuse to enter 
into convenient stipulations of the ordinary char- 
aeter which enters into the conventions between 
independent and distinct people. 
But that is not the question now. This Con- 
gress is in, no position to recot'nize anything but 
the normal condition of these States; the Presi- 
dent is in no condition to recognize any new rela- 
tions. It must be derived from some new grant 
of authority, and in the mean time what will you 
do? Will you make a failure of your Govern- 
ment? Will you prcserve and enforce the respect 
due to its flag, and ffive the protection which 
rightfully belongs to Its property, or not? That 
is the simple question. Certainly, sir, I am sure 
that the chivalrous men who are leading this move- 
nient in the southern States will scorn to receivc 
thc benefits of our postal laws while they repudi- 
ate our revenue laws and insult our flag. 
must mean one thing or another. They cannot 
intend to remain , like Moham med 's coff n , betwee n 
Ileaven and earth, neither in or out of the Union, 
cretting all the benefits that they can secure, and 
'ubjecting us to all its burdens. What do they 
say? They say they are willing to accept the 
postal servxce, we paying for it; but they will not 
allow us to collect the revenue, which would go 
towards defraying the expenses. 
Mr. BRANCH. I would ask the gentleman 
from Néw York to specify in what State they 
have refused to allow the collection of the revenue 
from posta es? 
Mr. SICkLES. Oh, from postages 
? Ido 
not know. 
Mr. 'COLFAX. With the gentleman's per- 
mission, I will state that. some of thc postmasters 
in Alabama, when drafts have been drawn upon 
them by the Sixth Auditor ofthc Treasury for the 
Post Ohicc Department, have answered that they 
would wait until they could ascertain the action 
of their State before paying the drafts. 
Mr. BRANCH. Those are cases of individual 
postmasters; but I x,vould ask the gentleman from 
Indiana, if he has any information that, in any 
instance, in the States that have attempted to se- 
cede, the public authorities have interfered with 
the collection of the revenue from postages? I 
would ask him this additional question, while I 
am up: whether the Postmaster General has not, 
under existing laws, full power to discontinue the 
service in all such cases as he has alluded to, by 
abolishing- the offces, or even discontinuing the 
mail service entirely? 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 will answer the gentkeman, 
that there is evidence in the Pos.t Offce Depart- 
ment that the mails are tampered with in the 
States that claim to have seceded; and there is no 
authority by which you can protect the letters 
against being tampered: with.' A man may take 
letters that do not belong to him from the mail, in 
the public streets, and open them, and there is no 
tribunal before which he can be brought for that 
I will add that it is well known that the 
offense. 
correspondence between this Government and 
Major Anderson , at Fort Sumter, was stopped by 
the authority of the. Governor of South Carolina, 
until the Governor saw fit to allow it to continue; 
and it is now continued only by his toleration. 
Mr. SICKLES. I suppose, sir, that gentlemen 
holding public stations, as postmasters, in those 
States, pay over what thev receive to the b-Treas- 
uries in their vicinitv; ana then , sir, as we have seen 
in Louisiana, the Sate authorities, after it has been 
collected in one mass, appropriate it to the local 
In that way, all the revenues from 
government. 
the postal service, and all the deposits belonging 
to the United States in those sub-Treasuries, are 
secured to the insurgent States. Now frequently, 
sir, in the sub-Treasuriesand mints in those States, 
there are large amounts of money and bullion be- 
longing to private individuals, which are placed 
there upon deposit, orfor coinage,or to be askayed, 
or to be stamped for exportation. We have no 
means of protecting private or public property in 
any of those States; and for the same reason that 
I would have suspended the mint at New Orleans 
a month ago, if a proposition had been brought 
forward for that purpose—because I could not 
anticipate the security of the public and private 
property there—for that very identical reason I 
will now, in view of these acts of spoliation, with- 
draw the mails from a jurisdiction where they are 
not safe. 
Mr. Speaker, we must not close our eyes to the 
new phases which events have successively put 
It originated, sir, 
upon the secession movement. 
as a peaceful remedy for grievances. As such, it 
had thousands and tens of thousands of friends at 
the North who were disposed to meet it on mid- 
way ground, and say, If you cannot abide with 
us, bitter as the lesson may be, we will yield to 
your appeals for a separation." That was the 
December phase of the secession movement. In 
January it assumed a new attitude. No longer 
peaceable; no longer disposed to await the consent 
or even the deliberations of the Government; forci- 
ble possession was taken of our forts and arsenals 
and arms, and we were menaced, in advance, with 
all the terrors of civil war; our flag was insulted 
and the authority of the Governmcnt contemned. 
When this new phase of the secession movement 
was presented, those partisans of the southern 
cause who, up to December, defended it manfully, 
became •only the apologists of the erring acts of 
In February, it assumes yet a new 
their friends. 
phase. I can only characterize it as the Mexican 
method of revolution. When Robles and Mira- 
mon and Santa Anna are engaged in revolutionary 
movements, and a Government conducta of specie 
comes within their reach, it is seized upon; and 
they say," ' we will count every dollar of the coin, 
and when we settle our quarrel with you, why 
then the money will all be safe, and we will pay 
it over." 
Mr. WINSLOW. I would ask the gentleman 
if he has any information that any money what- 
ever belonging to the Government of the United 
States has been seized by the governments of the 
se ceding States ? 
Mr. SICKLES. Yes, sir; 1 have it from the 
Treasury Department. 
Mr. WINSLOW. I speak now with reference 
to the sub-treasuries. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 speak of the bullion be- 
longing to the United States—about nine tons of 
silver—seized the other day in New Orleans. 
Mr. WINSLOW. Does the gentleman rely 
upon newspaper reports ? 
Mr. SICKLES, No; upon offcialinformation. 
Mr. WINSLOW. The as that publ,shed 
in the newspapers ? 
Mr. SICKLES. Substantially the same; but 
worse, I am sorry to say, There has been an, 
other mint seized in Georgia, which is to be held 
for our benefit at some future day in the generaf 
settlement. Now, that may be very proper, bub 
I am not disposed to put the mails in the same 
pcocess of liquidation; because the receivable 
dfäfts and warrants on the sub-treasuries, and 
war nts on the postmasters in -the seceding 
States, and all the machinery of the Government 
which /elates to the public funds, would not be 
in a good condition of administration under such 
circumstances. 
But; sir, to resume at the point where I yielded 
to my esteemed friend from North Carolina, and 
to bnng these remarks *to a close, I want to call 
the attention of gentlemen again to these nex.v 
phases which this movement, in the progress of 
events, yielding entirely to the passions of the 
hour and repudi4ting reason, has assumed. In 
November it was peaceable secession. We com(h 
In January, it was 
I am for it. 
agree to that. 
forcible secession; and then, sn•, your friends in 
the North were transformed into timid apologists. 
In February, it is spoliation and war. And I 
say, in the presence of this new and last phase 
of the secession rnovement, that it can have no 
friends in the North; it can have no apologists in 
the North; and there will soon be no exception 
to the general denunciation which it must en- 
counter from the loyal and patriotic citizens of this 
country. 
STATE OF UNION. 
The SPEAKER stated that the morning hour 
had expired, and that the House would now pro- 
ceed to the consideration of the special order, being 
the report of the special committee of thirty-three 
on the disturbed condition ofthe country, on which 
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. HUGHES] was 
entitled to the floor. 
Mr. HUGHES addressed the House for an 
hour. [His speech will be published in the 
Appendix. 
Mr. LO AN obtained the floor. 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT. 
A messao•e in writing was received from the 
President of the United States, by Mr. GLoss- 
BRENNER, his Private Secretary. 
LOAN BILL. 
Mr. HOLMAN. As it wants but a few min- 
utes of the hour when the House will take a re- 
cess, and as it not be pleasant for the gen- 
tleman from Illinois to be interrupted in his speech 
at that time, I move that the House do now take 
a recess till seven o'clock. 
Several MEMBERS. That motion is not in order. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman's object can 
be accomplished by allowing me to call up the 
loan bill with the Senate amendments, so that it 
can be disposed o? in the morning. I will not ask 
for a vote on it to-night. 
There being no objection, House bill No. 792, 
authorizing a loan, was taken up, and.the Senate 
amendments read. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of ways 
and Means recommend non-concurrence with the 
If they are non-concurred 
Senate amendments. 
in, then they can go to a committee of conference. 
I would ask the vote to be taken upon them now, 
but that I am informed that the gentleman from 
Missouri [Mr. PHELPS] desires to make some 
relnarks upon them. 
The SPEAKER. Then the understanding is, 
that this bill shall be taken up in the morning. 
THE M'CORMICK PATENT. 
Mr. LOGAN. .1 ask to have put upon its pas- 
sage a bill to which I am satisfied there will be no 
objection. 
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman from Illi- 
nois will permit me, r have a matter here in which 
It is a joint reso- 
he has as much interest as I. 
lution ektending the timc for taking testimony on 
the application of Cyrus H. McCormick for an 
1 wish to have it put 
extension of his patent. 
upon its passve. 
The joint resolution was read a first and second 
time. It allows the ftu•ther time of ninety days 
to parties interested in resisting the extension of 
the patent of Cyrus H. McCormick, for his 
tent reaper, or his improvements or modifications 
of the same, to enable them to take testirnony ill 
opposition to said extension, to be used bcfore 
the Commissiqner of Patents, on the hearing of 
