1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
t69 
the greatest destruction, they never stopped -to inquire the 
cause, but rushed to use their best efforts to subdue the 
devouring element; and as their actions and principles are 
to know no East, no West, no North, no South, but only 
the love of their fellow-men, and perpetuity of the beloved 
Union, they shelter themselves under the broad 101ds of 
the AhiER.WCAN FLAG, and unfurl this glorious banner on 
the outer walls, and on the highest pinnacles, until e.very 
mountain has its host, and every host its ensign, and every 
ensign Ibr the Union and the Union tbrever; and from 
theiF firm position, they will not cry Fire•!" but Peace ! 
Pcace ! Peace until their voice be heard, and their fervent 
praycrs be granted, by their honorable Representatives, 
whom they now sincerely irnplore, in the name of their 
company, in the name of their city, in the name of their 
State, to pass the Crittenden or Bigler compromise resolu- 
tions, or any other of silniiar import, so that peace and con- 
fidence be restored to our beloved country. Aod they will 
ever respectfully pray, &c. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 move that the memorial lie 
on the table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. FOSTER. 1 present a of citi- 
zens of New Haven, Connecticut, praying Con- 
gress to pass the measure usually known as the 
border State proposition, for the purpose of restor- 
ing peace and tranquillity to the country. It is 
very numerously signed. A memorandum upon 
the back states that It is signed by three thousand 
three hundred and fifty citizens. Many of them 
are known to me, and are men of high position, 
excellent character, and great influence in the 
community where they reside. 
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table 
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Indian 
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (I-I. R. 
No. 852) for the relief of certain Chippewa, Ot- 
tawa, and Pottawatomie Indians, reported it with 
arnendmcnts. 
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on 
Commerce, to w houn was referred the bill (H. 
R. No. 941) for the relief of .Tames M. Adams, 
Henry D. McKinney, and William D. Adams, 
reported it without amendment. 
Mr. WILSON , from the Committee on Military 
Affairs and Militia, to_whom was reförred the bill 
(S. No. 553) for the better organization of the 
niiiitia of the District of Columbia, reported it 
without amendment, and asked for its immediate 
consideration. 
1Vh•. GREEN and others objected to the pres- 
ent consideration of the bill. 
IV_Tr. WILSON , from the Committee on Military 
Affairs and Militia, to whom wus referred the bill 
(H. R. No. 958) to amend an act entitled " An 
act more effectually to provide for the organiza- 
tion of the militia of the District of Columbia,' 
approved March 3, 1803, reported it without 
amendrnent, und adversely. 
Mr. BIGLER, froxn the Committee on Com- 
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of thc 
noard of Trade of Philadelphia, praying for an 
extension of the limits of the collection district of 
Philadelphia, a bill (S. No. 557) to ex- 
tend the limits of the collection district of Phila- 
delphia; which was read, and passed to a second 
reading. 
He also, from the same committee, to whom 
was refön•ed the memorial of Dr. Isaac J. Hayes, 
praying fora change of the name of the schooner 
Spring Hill to that of the United States, asked 
to be discharged from its further consideration; 
which was agreed to. 
He also, from the same connmittee, to whom 
was referred the bill (S. No. 541) in relation to 
the liabilities of the collectors of customs, reported 
it without amendment; and submitted a report, 
which was ordered to be printed. 
Mr. NICHOLSON, from the Committee on 
Commerce, to whmn was referred the bill (H. R. 
No. 970) to regulate theu compensation of thc 
keeper and assistant keepers of the liffht-house 
on Minot's Ledge, in the harbor of Boston, Mas- 
sachusetts, and for other purposes, reported it 
without amendment. 
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs, 
to whom was referred a report of the Secretary 
of the Navy, communicating, in compliance with 
a resolution of tho Senate, a statement of the num- 
ber and pay of clerks and watchmen at the naval 
stations, on board vessels of &c., have in- 
st,.ructed me to move that it be printed. I know 
it requires unanimous consent; but it is informa- 
tion that is important to the comrnitt.ee, and im- 
portant to the Senate to have before the naval ap- 
propriation bill passes. I hope there will be no 
objection to printing it. 
The motion to punt was agreed to. 
MESSAGE FROM TliD 110USE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. Flays, Chief Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 
71) extending the time for taking testimony orn 
the application of Cyrus H. McCormick for the 
extension of his patent, in which the concurrence 
of the Senate was requested. 
The message further announced that the I-louse 
I had concurred in the amendment of the Senate to 
the bill (H. R. No. 181) to provide for a super- 
intendent of Indian affairs for Washington Terri- 
tory, and additional Indian agents 
GREGORY PATTI. 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move that the Senate take 
up the bill (H. R. No. 545) granting a pension to 
Gregory Patti. 
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was 
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It 
proposes to direct the Secretary of thc Interior to 
place tbc name of Gregory Patti on the list of in- 
valid pensions, from the 13th of December, 1858, 
to continuc during his natural life. 
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill 
with •the amendment to inscrt in line five, after 
the words at thc rate of six dollars 
" pensions," 
per month." 
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend- 
six dollars and insert- 
ment, by seriking out 
ing $7 50." That is the resæular pension to 
which he would be entitled according to his pay 
in the Army. 
The amendment to the amendment was agreed 
to; and the amendment, as amended, wasadopted. 
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended, 
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered 
to bc enffrossed. T lie bill v..ras ordered to be read 
a third tilne•, and was read thc third time, and 
passed. 
GEORGE 11. GIDDINGS. 
Mr. WIGFALL. I move to take up House 
ioint resolution No. 62, for the benefit of George 
•n. Giddings. 
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso- 
lution was considered as in Committee of the 
It provides that George H. Giddings 
Whole. 
shall be paid for services on rout.e No. 8076, in 
accordance with the order of Postmaster General 
A. V. Brown, of October 23, 1858, after deducting 
whatever has been received thereon, on proof bc- 
ing furnished that the service has been performed. 
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case, so 
as to let us something about it ? 
Mr. WIGFALL. There was no written re- 
port. Thc joint resolution passed the House of 
Representati ves and was referred to the Committee 
on the Post Office and Post Roads, of the Senate, 
and was reported back unanimously, with amend- 
ments. The report was a verbal one. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There report. 
Mr. WIGFALL. There is a report from the 
House committee, suppose. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator 
from Newyork desire that report to be read? 
Mr. KING. Yes, sir. 
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will 
•read it. 
The Secretary proceeded to read the report 
made in the House of Representatives, which is 
in writing. 
Mr. HALE. It is impossible to hear a sylla- 
want to hear it; but there is 
ble of that report. 
such an infernal noise that I cannot. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is idle to road a 
report when the noise is SD great that it cannot 
be heard. The Chair will havc to arrest all fur- 
ther proceedings until the Senate is in a condition 
to hear the report. The Senate will be good 
enough to come to order. 
The Secretary continued to read the report. 
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the paper be laid 
on the table, and ordered to be printed. I should 
like to be able to understand a little more defi- 
nitely what is embraced in it, and in the propo- 
sition that we are to voto upon, than I can learn 
from the reading by the clerk. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to dis- 
pense with the further reading of the report, and 
that it be laid on the table and be printed. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. 
It- is a claim fot compensation fort services ren- 
dered immediately on the introduction of Mr. Holt 
into the offce of Postmaster General. This ser- 
vice was rendered at the instance of every-mili- 
tary post on that route, and of evei•y town and 
every settlement. They almost forced the cone 
tractor to render the service which was performed'. 
The mails were regularly delivered by• thevcon-• 
tractor, and all he asks, now is payment for the 
service that was actually performed. That is-the 
sum and substance of the whole case. 
Mr. GRIMES. I am expressing no doubt as 
to the justice or equity of the claim. I only want 
to understand for myself what it is that I am 
called upon to vote on. • I cannot learn from the 
reading of that report-by the clerk. 
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 will inquire how much 
money the bill appropriates? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot 
answer. 
Mr. HALE. I think the friends of this meas- 
ure will consent to the motion of the Senator 
from Iowa, to let it lie on the table and be printed. 
We shall have the report in a day or two: and 
then we can undcrstand it. 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 consent, so far as 1 
concerned. 
The motion to print the report was agreed to. 
The VICE PRESII.)ENT. The bill is still 
before the Scnate; but evidently it is the intention 
of the Senate that it shall lic over, and the Chair 
will so consider it. [ ' 'Agreed." ] 
TERRITORY OF COLORADO. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to take up the motion 
to reconsider the vote passing the bill to organize 
the Territory of Colorado. I understand the 
chairman of the committee wishes to have it dis- 
posed of this morning. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro- 
ceeded to consider the motion to reconsider the 
vote passing the bill (S. No. 366) to provide for a 
temporary government for the Territory of Col- 
orado. 
Mr. WADE. I hopc that vote will not be re- 
considered. That bill, settling, so far as this body 
is concerned, a very disputable matter, has already 
passed, and gone to the House of Representatives ; 
and I hope we shall not have it up again. 
licve the bill, as it was passed, is satisfactory to 
most of the Senators; and I hopc,.therefore, that 
it will not be reconsidered. Perhaps we had as 
well have the test on the reconsideration, as on any 
other question; and on that motion I ask for the 
yeas and nays. 
The eas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. BOUGLAS. I regret that the Senator from 
Ohio has interposed his objection to a reconsider- 
1 think 
ation under the peculiar circumstances. 
it is an act of discourtesy that ought not to be 
sanctioned in this body. It was well known to 
the Senate that when this bill was pending last 
week, I laid upon the table a substitute for the 
bill, and had it printed, and on that I was entitled 
to the floor, and I was in the act of Offering that 
substitute when we adjourned one day last week. 
The other day, when was called •out for a very 
few minutes, it was taken up and passed, pre- 
sume, inadvertently. I was entitled to the floor 
when it should be taken up; the substitute was 
tying on the table and printed. • All ask novy is, 
that the Senate will reconsider, and allow the vote 
to be taken; then I am content.. But I do think 
that, under that state of facts, it was unusual, and 
if the• attention of the Senate had been called to 
it, they would not have deprived me of my right 
under the circumstances. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 hope there will be no 
sideration. The Senator can record his vote on 
the motion to reconsider _iust as well as he could 
on the direct question upon the amendment. NO" 
I body desired to take any advantage of the Sena- 
tor; nor do 1 think that there is any necessity for 
a reconsideration. The bill is plain and simple 
E in its provisions, containing nothingthathfringes 
upon the peculiar viev..rs of anybody; and for that 
reason, 1 hope the bill will be permitted to stand 
as the judgrnent of the Senate; and that the peo- 
ple. of Pike's Peak, numbering sixty thousand, 
may have a government and protection accord- 
, ing to law. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I can see now very clearly 
that the motion to reconsider is not to prevail; 
