THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
February 6, 
and Iam to.be dep:iveå of that courtesy which I 
have never known to be denied to a Senator in 
this body before. -I never yet was capableoftaking 
up a fill in the abence of a person who had a 
substitute pending, without the slightest notice 
to him, and thus deprive him of an opportunity 
of voting. Be it so. I will give a few reasons 
why I think it ought to be reconsidered, and then 
the Senate can. take the vote, and there, will be an 
end* of-it.. 
Mr. WADE. When I resisted this motion to 
reconsider, the fact did- not occur to me that the 
Senator was absent when the bill was passed. I 
did know, to be sure, that he had offered a sub- 
stitute for the bill;. but as the bill was taken up 
and passed, and no objection was made to it, I 
supposed he. had waivéd it. 
I knew nothing to 
the contrary; but if there is any particular reason 
why it was not urged then, and he puts the motion 
on the point of courtesy, I should not like to be 
guilty of any impropriety in that respect; and 
therefore I would as lief the question would be 
taken on agreeing to the substitute as on the re- 
consideration; it is immaterial eto me. I do not 
mean to say that the bill satisfies me; but it was 
a matter of compromise among us. 
did not like 
it very well; but it was necessary that provision 
should be made fbr the people of that Territory, 
and therefore we agreed upon the bill, such as it 
was, as a compromise; but as the Senator plaees 
the present motion on the question of courtesy, 
if I am permitted, I will withdraw the call for the 
yeas and nays. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Ihavesaid all that 1 intended 
to say on the point of Courte•sy; find I am will- 
ing that the question shall be decided on its mer- 
its, if the Senate choose so to decide it. 
was 
not aware of what the Senator from Ohio has just 
stated, that the bill, in its present form, '.vas the 
result of a compromise. Not having been con- 
sultcd in regard to the compromise; not havilw 
been informed that these conflicting opinions had 
been compromised, I certainly had no riffht to 
suppose it was so; and I presumed I coulä sub- 
mit my amendment, with a füir chance of having 
it considered on its merits. 
If, however, it be 
true fthat the two sides of the Chamber have com- 
promised on the question, and that this bill is the 
result of that compromise, I have no desire to 
disturb it, any further than to express my reason 
for votint.y.acrainst it. 
In the First place, I object to the boundary named 
in the bill. This boundary cuts off a large por- 
tion of New Mexico, and annexes it to the new 
Territory of Colorado. The portion thus cut off 
is New Mexican territory, and formerly belonged 
to the Republic of Mexicp. The land' titles are 
derived from. that Government; the inhabitants 
are mostly Mexicans; they are governed' by Mex- 
ican laws and usages entirely incompatible with 
the laws that we are in the habit of making for 
our own people; and I see no reason why they 
should thus bc separated. Besides that, there are 
strong reasons why it should not be done. By 
the laws of New Mexico that is slave territory. 
Slavery exists there by law to-day. This is de- 
but I have a further objection to that clause. At 
first, it struck me as harmless; but I have a fur- 
ther objection. That clause, declaring that the 
Territorial Legislature shall pass no law destruc- 
tive of the rights Of private property, deprives the 
Territorial Legislature of the power of laying out 
a road; a county road, a territorial road, a. rail- 
road, or any description of highway. They must 
have the right to condemn private property for 
public-purposes, in order to be able to make means 
of communication. It seems that, in your zeal to 
deprive the Territorial Legislature of the power 
of excluding slavery, you go so far as to deprive 
them of the power of making roads öf•ahy kind 
in that Territory. 
Is this your purpoée? I simply point it out; 
and you may lob it stand as you please. Then 
Iwaive any *objection on the ground of courtesy, 
arid leave the 'Senate to dispose of' the question 
as •they see pro er. 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, 1 think that the 
Senator from Illinois is a little unkind when he 
says that he is •not capable of calling up a bill and 
passing it; under the circumstances under which 
this passed., I suppose that he moved his amend- 
ment for the purpose of having it thrown berore 
the country. He is very fond of courting popu- 
lar attention, rather than attending to the legisla- 
tion of the. country. If I am mistaken, I ask his 
pardon. When the bill was called up, and no 
person proposed his amendment, as a matter of 
course, we vvent through with it, and passed it; 
and I do not think he ought to insinuate that 
there has been any corrupt bargain Or arrange- 
you have inserted a clause that there Shail be no Jnent or agreement between the different sides of 
discrimination in the rate of taxation between dif-„l 
this Chaz-fiber. Hoiorablo gentlemen have con- 
ferent kinds of property. By that provision, you 
have declared that this Territory shall never ex- 
empt a homestead from taxation; shall never 
exempt school property from taxation ; shall never 
exempt the property of agricultural societies from 
taxation; shall make no discrimination whatever 
in favor of the poor—a discrimination made by 
every legislative body in Christendom, so far as 
my information extends. 
If that is the object, be 
it so I. see that it has been compromised away. 
For, one, sir, I desire to leave the Territorial Le- 
gislature full power over their domestic concerns, 
to regulate them as they please, subject only to 
the limitations of -the Constitution of *the United 
States, with the judiciary to ascertain when they 
violate the Constitution. That is what I desire 
to do; but that is just what that Territorial Legis- 
lature is prohibited from doing by this bill. 
Again, sir: I have had for several years to en- 
counter much opposition to the Kansas-Nebraska 
bill, on the ground that we would not allow the 
people of the Territories to elect their own local 
officers. I want to give gentlemen on the other 
side of the House an opportunity to vote forsuch 
I bring in a proposition that the people 
may elect their own officers. There was a reason 
why; when the Kansas-Nebraska bill was intro- 
duced, that provision should not be in the bill. 
Then, it was thc policy to make the Governor of 
a Territory the superintendent of Indian affairs. 
Being superintendent of Indian affairs, he was a 
Federal ofiicer, and must be responsible to the 
Federal Government. The secretary of the Ter- 
ritory was a disbursing agent, a Federal omcer; 
the judges of the Territory were Federal offcers, 
so far as their Federal jurisdiction was concerned, 
and they had such territorial jurisdiction only as 
the Legislature might confer on them. Since then, 
the policy has become general on having a sepa- 
rate superintendent, so that the Governor need 
not be a Federal omcer—— 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator 
from Illinois pause? It becomes the duty of the 
Chair to call the attention of the Senate to the 
special order. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall leave the subject in 
a few minutes. 
taching that portion of slave territory, a piecc of Mr. GREEN. I move that the special order 
country occupied by men of Mexican birth and I be passed over until we get through with this ques- 
habits, entirely identified with New Mexico, and 
not with the new Territory of Colorado, and at- 
tachingitto the new Territory of Colorado. What 
is to be the condition of that Territory by being 
incorporated into Colorado? Is the effect of this 
bill to abolish slavery in part of the territory thus 
cut off from New Mexico, and to make it free 
territory? Is that the compromise that has.been 
made? If so, so far as the question of slavery is 
concerned, I do not feel disposed to interfere; but 
I find, after it is thus cut off, a peculiar provision 
is inserted that the Territorial Legislature shall 
pass no law destroying the rights of private prop. 
erty. MT bat is the meaning of that? Does it mean 
that the Territorial Legislature shall pass no law 
whereby the right to hold slaves, according to the 
laws of New Mexico, shall be abolished? Is that 
the object? Certainly there is some object in in- 
serting that provision. The Senator from Mis- 
souri had some object in putting that provision in 
If it has been the result of a compro- 
tion. I make that motion. 
Oh, no."] we 
can soon get through. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If it will take 
but a short time, I shall not object. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 think it will take but a short 
time. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I want but a moment more. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. By general con- 
sent, the Senator from Illinois may proceed. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Since these ofiicers are no 
longer Federal, my idea is to carry out the prin- 
ciplc which I then advocated, to allow the people 
of the Territories to elect those of their offcers 
that are territorial and not Federal, and have the 
President and Senate appoint only such as are 
Federal and not. territorial in their duties. The 
substitute which I have prepared makes that pro- 
vision. First, it makes the territorial boundary 
conform to the existing boundary. It is not liable 
to the objection of raising the slavery question; 
it is not liable to the objection that they cannot 
mise, by which the Republican side agreed that II exempt a homestead an'd other property. It is 
this slave territory shall be incorporated into the not liable to the objection that it deprives them of 
the power to condemn private property for roads 
ture shall never exclude slavery from it—if that is and other public purposes. The present bill .is 
their agreement, I do not wish to interfere with it; 
liable to all these ob;ections Having stated this, 
ferred together, and they have concocted a bill 
which is unexceptionable in all reSpects; and if 
honorable gentlemen cannot do that, then I do not 
know what legislators are sent here for. 
better to meet together outside of the Senate in 
the committee-rooms, and agree upon the common 
features of a bill, than to come in here, and con- 
sume time in debating it. I do not blame him for 
moving his amendment, because I take it for 
granted it meets his approbation. It does not 
meet mine. 
I shall therefore vote against it. 
brings up what, if he had not moved it, I would 
denominate the merest humbug that ever disgraced 
the annals of Congress; but, as he moved it, I 
will not thus denominate it. 
Sir, this bill is plain and simple in all its fea- 
tures. It brings up no exciting subject of dispute; 
it stirs the passion of no section of the Union; it 
simply gives organization—organism to a people 
entitled- to it, On the subject of the proposed 
southern boundary of this Territory, cutting off 
a portion of New Mexico, I must be permitted to 
make this remark: that I thought it ought not to 
be cut off; but at the same time I was compelled 
to say that I thought so, simply from my desire 
to please the Delegate of that Territory; and that 
the proper division of the Territery required it to 
cut off. It does not cut off five inhabitants, ac- 
cording to my opinion, and not a single " nig- 
ger." [Laughter.] The idea, therefore, of throw- 
ing slave property into a new where 
is all in my eye." There is not a word of truth 
in it. There is not a slave in it. 
I am told by 
the Senator from New York there are only twen- 
ty-föur in the whole of New Mexico. Up there 
around Fort Massachusetts, north of 370, there is 
not one single slave. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Twenty-four is the num- 
ber that appears by the census returns. 
Mr. GREEN. understand. Now, Mr. Pres- 
ident, here are Union-loving and Union-saving 
people petitioning and begging for 360 30' to be 
the line between the slave and non-slaveholding 
territory. The line of this Territory is 370. If 
we are all so keen for 360 30', when I agree to 370 
I surely am not doing very wrong. But one word 
beyond that. This bill does not prohibit slavery 
anywhere, and it does not establish slavery any- 
where; it is a perfect carte blanche. 
It is without 
expression on the subject either way. The Sena- 
tor says that there is a very peculiar provision 
put in there, 
" that no law shall be passed im- 
pairing the rights of private property. 
If there 
is not such a provision in every constitution in the 
thirty-four States of this Unzon, I am deceived; 
and If the Senator the other day did not say he 
took no exception to that, I am deceived again; 
but to-day he brings it up as a reason for a recon- 
sideration. When he comes to the other point, 
the discrimination in the different kinds of prop- 
erty for taxation, I proved before, and repeat 
a&ain, I copied it from his Washington territorial 
bill and from his Oregon territorial bill. Can it 
be so exceptional, can it be so objectionable,in the 
Colorado bill, when he himself put the same pro- 
vision in the Washington territorial bill and in 
the Oregon territorial bill? The truth is, it is a 
labored•effort to find something to complain about, 
when the thing is right, true, just, and proper in 
itself. 
Now, as to the other point, about electing terri- 
torial offcers by the people, I must make this 
remark: lopposeditalways, when we had a Dem- 
ocratic Administration, and the appoint- 
