766 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 6, 
knew he had' one.. •We acted upon the bill with- 
out regard to his amendment, and passed it; and 
now a reconsideration is moved. For myself, I 
am willing to reconsider it, and am wiiling to act 
upon the question now, or to put it off for reflec- 
tion and examination. 
I see no necessity for ar- 
raigning parties .here on. this subject, do not 
know of any compromise upon this measure. I 
heard from all sides of the Chamber that there 
was nothing in the bill that could be construed in 
any way in relation to slavery; and therefore it 
was understood all around that nothing should be 
proposed upon this side of the Chamber to be put 
on that subject. I suppose the bill was drawn 
in:- that way in good faith. If so, I will stand by 
it; but if not in good faith, I repudiate it.alto- 
gether, and wash my hands of it, 
Mr. I»I.JGLAS. One word more, and I am 
willing that the vote shall be taken. The Senator 
from Massachusetts says he is willing to vote for 
a bill allowing the people of the Territories to 
elect their ofiicers, whenever it is introduced. 
Herc 1 have introduced it, in accordance with that 
willingness, but he sees no necessity for its beinø 
introduced. Very great willingness is that! He 
is willing to favor a thing when it is introduced, 
and yet he will not introduce it himself, and com- 
plains when others do! He votes for. the bill, 
however, on the ground that there is no word in 
it on the subject of: slavery. am rejoiced to find 
that the two sides of the House, representing the 
two sides of the irrepressible conflict," find it 
impossible, when they get into poweg to practi- 
cally carry on the Government without comincr 
to non-intervention, and saying nothing upon the 
subject of slavery. Althoughhhey may not vote 
for my -proposition, 
the fact thal they have to 
avow that the upon which they have 
fbught nje for years is the only one upon which 
they can possibly agree, is conclusive evidence 
that I have bee") right in that principle, and that 
they have been wrong in fighting me upon it. My 
cotn plaint is, not that they I-lave coinprornised on 
Lhat pt•inqiple, but that "'hen they suppose they 
they put in a clause incor)sisLent with it, 
and I want that clause out of the bill 
—no more. 
'l'he VICE PRESIDEN'T. The question is, 
wiil the Senate reconsider the vote by which this 
bill was passed? Upon this question thc yeas 
and nays have been ordered. 
Mr. ANTHONY. Do 1 understand that the 
Senator from Illinois desires t.his to bea test vote; 
and that waives the question of courtesy? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am entirely willing that it 
shall be a test vote. As ib is a compromise, I do 
not want to disturb it. 
Mr. G WIN. I will vole to reconsider, because 
I have been cheated out of the name. The Terri- 
tory in which-the Colorado river is, through which 
it runs, I think ought to have the name of Colo- 
rado. I think it thé handsomest name that 
could be given to any 'I'erritory or State. 
I am 
going vote to reconsider, in order to strike 
thul uame out. That is In y objection to the bill. 
I want to giye that name to the Territory of 
Arizona. 
r I"he question 'being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 10, nays 3.1 ; as fbllows: 
YEAS —Messrs. Bayard, Crittenden, I)ougias, Foot, 
Gwin, Kennedy, Lathan), Nicholson, Pugh, and Wilson. 
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Biglor. Bingham, 
Bright, (huneron, ('I!handicr, Clark, Clingtnan, Conamer, 
Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foster, Green, 
Gritnes liarlttn, Ileinpbill, Joimsou of 'Itenncsscc, King 
hforrill, Polk, Saulshury, Seward, Sillilnons, 'L'en 
Eyck, Trumbult, Wade, and Wilkinson—31. 
So the Senate refused to reconsider the vote on 
the passage of the bill. 
BILL BECOME A LAW. 
A message from the President of the United 
States, by Mr. GLOSSBRENNER, his Secretary, 
announced that the President of the United States 
had approved and -signed, on the 5th instant, an 
act (S. No. 64) to authorize the extension and 
usc ofa branch of the Alexandria, Loudoun, and 
Hampshire Railroad, within the city of George- 
LOAN BILL. 
the Senate, and. asked for a conference on the 
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon ; and 
had appointed Mr. J0HN SHERMAN of Ohio, Mr. 
J0HN S. PHELPS of Missouri, and .Mn•. THAD- 
DEUS STEVENS of Pennsylvania, managers at the 
same on the part of the House. 
POST ROUTE BILL. 
The message further announced that the House 
of Representatives having corrected the clerical 
error m thc engrossment of thc amendments of 
the House to the amendments of the Senate to the 
bill (H. R. No. 714) establishing certain post 
routes, he was directed to return the bill and 
amendments to the Senate. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. 
The message further n nou nced that the Speaker 
had signed the following enrolled bills; which 
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres- I 
ident: 
A bill (H. R. No. 181) to provide for n super- 
intendent of Indian affairs in Washington Terri- 
tory, and additional Indian agents; and 
A bill (H. R. No. 341) for the relief of Moses 
Meeker. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
The message further announced that the House 
had ordered, on the 5th instant, at twelve o'clock 
and eight minutes, the printing of a letter from 
the Secretary of State,.announcing that, on that 
day, he had transmitted to the Senate the annual 
report on commercial relations with na- 
tions. 
Also, that the House had ordered, on the 6th 
instant, the printing. of the followincy documents: 
Message from the Presid en t of the ünited States, 
transmitting resolu lions of the State of Kentucky, 
applying for the call of a convention for propos- 
inff amendments to the of the Uhited 
States—ordered at twelve o'clock and fourteen 
minutes. 
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit- 
ting additional estilnates foi• the service of the 
ordnanc.c department—ordered at twelve o'clock 
and sixteen minutes. 
A fetter from the acting Secu•etary of the Inte- 
riot•, transmitting a letter from the Commissioner 
of the General Land Oflice, and accompanying 
papers, in regard to the numbering of the clairn of 
Gervacio Noland and Serafin Ramorez—ordered 
at twelve o'clock and sixteen minutes. 
A letter from the acting Secretary of the Inte- 
rior, transmitting documents in relation to the 
private land claim of the heirs of Louis Maria C. 
de Baca—ordered at twelve o'clock and sixteen 
minutes. 
Memorial of the Governor and Legislature of 
Utah Territory, praying for the construction ofa 
railroad from some point on the Missouri river to 
Sacramento, California, via either the Box Elder 
or Lodge Pole Creek pass in the Black hills, &c.— 
ordered at twelve o'clock and seventeen minutes. 
A memorial of the Legislature of Utah, praying 
an appropriation of $3,000 to the Utah library— 
ordered at twelve o'clock and seventeen minutes. 
Resolutions Qf the Legislature of Minnesota in 
relation to the Pacific railroad—ordered at twelve 
o'clock and twenty minutes. 
LOAN BILL. 
The, Senate proceeded to consider its second 
amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 972) author- 
izing a loan, disagreed to by the House of Repre- 
sentatives; and 
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was 
Resol,vcd, 'That the Senate insist upon its amendment to 
the said bill, disagreed to by the House of Representatives, 
and agree to the conference asked by the Klouse on the 
disagreein«r votes of the two Houses. 
on motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was 
Ordered, That tbc colnmittee of conference on the part 
of the Senate be appointed by the Vice President. 
And Mr. PEARCE, Mr. GWIN, and Mr. AN- 
Tt10NY were appointed. 
MISSION OF PEACE FROM VIRGINIA. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order 
for to-day at one o'clock, was the bill (H. R. No. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 338) do authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the 
bv Mr. HAY s, Chief Clerk, announced that the i duties on ih@portsæ but. the message of the 
House had agreed to the first aenendmcnt of the President of the Ullited States, communicating the 
Senate to the' bill (H, R. No. 972) authorizing a resolutions Of the Legislature of Virginia, being 
loan, and had disagreed to the second amendment 
the unfinished bnsineis of yesterday, takes prece. 
dence ; and the Senator from Tennessee is entitled 
to the floor. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi- 
dent— 
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator me 
to ask a question? I desire to know what will be 
the condition of the bill just announced by the 
Chair after the Senator has made his remarks? 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 will state to my colleague 
that it will be at the disposition of the body. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the unfinished 
business of yesterday shall be disposed of, the 
Chair will then call up this special order. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi- 
dent, yesterday I proceeded in the discussion, in 
answer to some of the attacks that had been made 
on me, to consider the question of the free navi- 
gation of the Mississippi river; and I shall leave 
my remarks on that sukject at that point, and 
shall take up another sentence of the Senator from 
Oregon. I have no disposition to do the Senator 
from Oregon, or any other Senator, injustice. In 
this connection, I will say, as I have intimated 
before, that I thought his attack upon unkind 
and uncalled for. Let that be as It may, it is not 
my disposition or Iny intention, on this occasion, 
to do him injustice. 
I intend to do him full jus- 
tice. In thc reply that hc made to me—to which 
I yesterday referred—he gave the contradiction 
direct to what I stated in the presidential canvass, 
in answer to the charge that had been made that 
you, Mr. President, and the Senator from Ore- 
gon, were disunionists; were in favor of secession ; 
and that you were used by V' hat was called the 
seceding or disunion party fbr the purpose of dis- 
rupting and breaking up the Government. I met 
those charges—because I believed they were un- 
true, that they were not founded in fact 
—In various 
places, before large assemblies, and, I thought, 
successfully, at least to my own mind, exonerated 
you and the candidate for the Vice Presidency 
from the charge. I confess it was somewhat mor- 
tifying to me, after the reply which the Senator 
made, to have to say to the people, and the coun- 
try generally, that I vindicated Ilirn wrainst a 
charge which was true; for, when we take up his 
speech here in reply to the rernarks that I madc 
on that occasion, none of which had the slightest 
reference to him, involving neither his position 
before the country, nor his consistency as a legis- 
lator, we find that he took bold ground, advocat- 
ing and justifying secession, arguing, in fact, that 
it was constitutional. 
1 felt, after that speech, 
that I was involved in inconsistency before my 
people, an inconsistency in which I ought not to 
have been involved. 
But in that same speech, in which the honora- 
bie Senator involved me in these contradictions, 
he goes on to state—and I will do him just.ice by 
reading his speech, for I do not want to misquåte 
But, sir, understand me; I am not a disunionist. am 
for thc right, and I would have it in the Union ; and if jt 
cannot be obtained there, I wouid go out of' the Union, and 
have that out of the Union that f could not obtain in it, 
though was entitled to it." 
Mr. President, I have called the attention of the 
Senate to the paragraph of the Senator's speech 
which I have just read, in which he disavows dis- 
union sentiments; but when you take the preced- 
ing part of his speech, you find that he advocates 
the doctrine ofdrsunion and secession almost from 
the. beginning up to the sentence that I have read. 
It seems to me it is paradoxical; but that may be 
my misfortune, not his. He may be capable of 
reconciling the conflict, the seeming inconsistency 
of first advocating the doctrine of dissolution, se- 
cession, and disunion, and then at the same time 
exclaiming that he is no disunionist. 
I do not 
know how a Senator can be for Lhe Union, and at 
the same timc concedc the right that a State has 
the authority to secede und& the Constitution; 
that it is justified in seceding, and ought to secede ; 
that when it demands rights in the Union that it 
cannot get, it should go out of the Union to ob- 
tain that which could not be obtained in it. But 
let all that pass. 
1 wish to do him no injustice; 
and therefore I desired to cail attention, in the 
remarks that I aryl making, to his disclaimer of 
being a disunionist and a secessionist. 
Mr. President, the Senator, in the sentence I 
have •quoted, assumes that South Carolina, for 
instance, had the right to secede; and he assumes, 
also, that- South Carolina can obtain that out of 
the Union which she has failed to obtain in it. 
