1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBD. 
767 
Let us raise the inquiry here: what is it, since she 
entered in to this Confederacy of States, that South 
Carolina has desired or asked at the hands of the 
Federal Government, or demanded upon consti- 
tutional grounds that she has not obtained? What 
great wrong, what great injury, has been inflicted 
upon South Carolina by her continuance in this 
Union of States? I know it is very easy, and 
even Senators have fallen into the habit of' it, to 
repeat some phrases almost as a chorus to a song; 
such as " if we cannot ffet our, rights in the Union, 
we wili go out of the Union and obtain those 
rights; that we are for the equality of tl'le States 
in tho Union, and if x.vc cannot get it we will go 
out of the Unions" I suppose to bring about that 
equality. What is the point of controversy in 
the public mind.at this time? Let us look at the 
question as it is. We know that the issue which 
has been before the country to a very great ex- 
tent, and which, in fact, has recently occupied the 
consideration of thc public, is the territorial ques- 
tion. It is said that South Carolina has been re- 
fused her rights in the Union, with referencc to 
that torritorial question, aud therefore she is going 
out of the Union to obtain that which she cannot 
get in it. 
Now, Mr. President, when we come to exam- 
ine this subject, how does the matter stand? I 
showed yesterday, in reference to the protection 
of slave property in the Territories of this Con- 
federacy, that South Carolina, in connection v,' ith 
the distinguished Senatq• from Oregon, had voted 
expressly that no slavery code was needed; that 
no further protection was needed, so far as Con- 
gress was concerned. They decided it herc in this 
hody. South Carolina, by her own vote, on the 
25th day of May last, decided that she needed no 
protection in the Territories of the United 
States, so far as Congress was concerned. The 
Senator from Oregon voted with her. That vote 
s•eenlcd to be connected with and predicated upon 
the great fact that the Suprcmc Court of the United 
States had decided this question ; that they had de- 
the Missouri compromise—in other words, 
the Ituv excluding slavery north of 360 30', and 
making it permissive south of 360 30'—unconsti- 
tutional and void; and, according to our forms of 
Government, it was in fact stricken from the stat- 
ute-hook by the decision of the court. They 
thereby said to the country, the supreme arbiter 
of the land, so made by the Constitution of the 
Unit.t-:d States, has decided that the pcoplc have a 
right, without regard to the character or descrip- 
tion of their property, to carry it into all the ' por- 
ritories of the United States, and that under the 
Constitution of the United States it is protected 
thereo It was said, the court having decided that 
they had a right to go there with this institution 
of slavery, and the Constitution findin(r it there, 
it was rccoffnized and protected by the Constitu- 
tion of the United States. 
this connection, permit nne to go outside of 
the Senate Chamber, and state what occurred in 
my oxvn State. 'There, those w bo were the best 
friends of the distinguished Senal,or from Oregon , 
and xvho arc ultra upon this subject, before thou- 
sands of' the people of that State took the bold 
cn•ound that they wanted no further protection 
from Congress; that the Constitution of the Uni- 
ted States and the opinion pf the Supreme Court 
that the 
were all the slavery code they desired; 
question was settled; that the power was com- 
pletc; and that protection was ample. 
In this connection, sir. we must recollect the 
decision made by the Senate upon the resolutions 
introduced by the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. 
on the 25th day of May last. On that 
day, under tho solemn sanction of an oath, and 
ail the formalities of legislation spread upon the 
Journals, the yeas and nays being taken, we dc- 
clared, after an argument on the subject, that no 
further protection was needed at that time. Tho 
Senate went on and stated, in the fifth resolution— 
I the substance, i do not pretend to repeat the 
words—that if hereafter it should become neccs- 
sary to have protection of this kind, then Congress 
should give it; but thev said it was unnecessary 
If Soutfi Carolina and the Senator 
at that time. 
from Oregon took this position then, what has 
transpired since that period of time that now jus- 
tifies a State in withdrawincr or seceding from this 
Union 5 on account of Congress not doing that 
which t.hcy declared was not necessary to be done ? 
BLit, let us take the fact as it is. South Caro- , 
lina, it. is said , wanted protection in the Territories. 
I have shown that she said, herself, that further 
protection was not needed; but if it should be 
needed, then Congress should give it. But South 
Carolina—the Kingdom of South Carolina—in 
the plenitude of her power, and upon her own 
volition, without consultation with the otherStates 
of this Confederacy, has gone out of the Union, 
or assumed to go out. The next inquiry is: what 
docs South Carolina nox.V get, in the language of 
tho distinguished Senator from Oregon, out of the 
Union that she did not get in the Union? Is there 
aman in South Carolina to-day that wants to carry 
a single slave into any Territory we have got in 
the United States that is now unoccupied by slave 
property? am almost ready to hazard the as- 
If he had not the 
sertion that there is not one. 
power and the right to carry his slave property 
Into a Territory while in the Union, has he ob- 
tained that right now by going out of the Union? 
Has anything been obtained by violating the 
Constitution of the United States, by withdraw- 
ing from the sisterhood of States, that could not 
have been obtained in it? Can South Carolina, 
now, any morc conveniently and practically carry 
slavery Into the Territories than she could before 
sile went out of the Union? Then what has sh 
obtained? What lias she got, even upon the d 
trinc laid down the distinguished Senator om 
Oregon ? 
it is argued, striding over the Constitution 
and violating that comity and faith which should 
exist amongst tho States composing this Confed- 
eracy, that she had right to secede; she had a 
right to carry slaves into the Territories; and 
therefore, she will secede and go out of the Union. 
This reasoning on the part of South Carolina is 
about as sound as that of the madman, who as- 
sumed that he had dominion over the beasts of the 
forest, and therefore that he had a right to shear 
a wolf. His friends remonstrated with him, and, 
admitting his right to do so, inquired of him if he 
had considered the danger and the difficulty of the 
" I have not 
attempt. " No," said the madman, 
considered that; that is no part of my considera- 
tion; man has the dominion over the boasts of the 
forest, and therefore he has a right to shear a 
wolf; and as I havc right to do so, I will exer- 
His friends still renronstrulcd and cx- 
cise it. " 
postulated, and asked him, not only Have you 
considered thc danger, the difficulty, and the con- 
sequences resultin«r from such an attempt; but, 
what will the sheaving be worth ? ' 
he 
replied, "l have the right, and therefore I will 
shear a wolf." South Carolina has the right, 
according to the doctrine of the seceders and dis- 
unionists of this country, to go out of the Union, 
and therefore she will go out of the Union. 
And what, Mr. President, has south Carolina 
gained by goiw-r out? It has been just about as 
profitable an operation as the shearing of thc wolf 
by the mad mail. Can she now carry slaves into 
the 'i'crritorics? Does she even get any division 
of the Territories? None; she has lost all that. 
Docs she establish a right? No; but by the exer- 
cise of this abstract right, as contended for by 
secessionists, what has she got? Oppression, tax- 
ation, a reign of terror over her people, as the 
result of their rashness in the exercise of this as- 
sumed right. In what condition is her people now? 
They have gone out of the Union to obtain their 
rights, to maintain their liberty, to get that out of 
the Union which they could not get in it! NvVhilc 
they were in the Union, they were not taxed a 
milli01'i and some six or seven or eight hundred 
thousand dollars in addition to their usual cx- 
I penditurcs, to sustain standing armies and to meet 
other expenditures which are incurred by sepa- 
ration. But still shc has the right to tax her peo- 
p.e•, she has the right to institute, a reign of terror; 
she has the ria•ht to exclude her people from the 
pears that our admirable system of civil liberty 
is crumbling to pieces; that the témple'öf liberty 
is upheaved; that its columns are falling, and that 
nothing will remain- but a general full) ; and in 
their consternation too many stand back , 
and take no posit-idli for the relief of their coun!ry 
in the pending crisis. But, sir, the relayions_ thåt 
we bear to thc people of the United-States, behoöye 
every man, whether Senator or Representative, 
or even private citizen , to come forward as a patriot 
and lover of his country, and look at the condition 
of the country as ibis. Without regard to thecon- 
sequences upon myself, I have determined to meet 
this quc$ion, and to present my views to the 
country in such form as I believe to be right and 
proper. 
Sir, let us loolc at the contest through which 
we are passing, and consider what South Caro- 
lina, and the other States who have undertaken 
to from the Confederacy, have gained. 
What is the great diffculty which -has existed in 
the public mind ? We know that, practically, the 
territorial question is settled. Then what -is the 
cause for breaking up this great Union of States ? 
Has the Union or the Constitution encroached 
upon the rights of South Carolina or any other 
State? Has this glorious Union, that was inaugu- 
rated by the adoption of the Constitution, which 
was framed by the patriots and sages of the Revo- 
lution , harmed South Carolina or any other Staté ? 
No; it has offended none • it has protected all. 
What is thc difficulty? We have some bad men 
in the South—the truth I will speak—and we have 
some bad men in the North, who want to dis- 
solve this Union in order to gratify their unhal- 
lowed ambition. And what do we find here upon 
this floor and upon the floor of the other House 
of Congress? Words of crimination and recrim- 
ination are heard. Bad mcn North say provoking 
things in reference to the institutions of the South, 
and bad men and bad tempered men of the South 
say provoking and insulting things ill return; and 
so goes on a warof crimination and recrimination 
in reference to the two sections of the country, 
and the institutions peculiar to each. They be- 
come enraged and illsulted, and then they are de- 
nunciatory of cach other; and vvhat is the result ? 
The Abolitionists, and those who entertain their 
sentiments, abuse men of the South, and inen of 
the South abuse them in return. They do not 
fight each other; but they both become offended 
and enraged. One is dissatisfied with the other; 
one is insulted by the other; and then, to seek re- 
venge, to gratify themselves, they both agree to 
make war upon the Union that never offended or 
Is this right? What has this 
injured either. 
I U'nion done? Why should these contendil)g par- 
ties rnake war upon it because they have insulted 
and aggrieved each other? This glorious Union, 
that was spoken into existence bv the fhthers of 
the country, must be made war upon to gratify 
these animosities. Shall we, because we have said 
bitter things of each other which have been offens- 
ive, turn upon the Government, and seek its de- 
struction, and entail all the disastrous conse- 
quences upon commerce, upon agriculture, upon 
the industrial pursuits of the country, that-must 
result from the breaking up of a great Govern- 
roent like this? What is to be gained out of the 
Union that we cannot get in it? Anything? I 
have been zealously contending for—and intend to 
continue to contend for—every right, even to the 
I ninth part ofa hair, that I feel the State which i 
have the honor in part to represent is entitled to. 
I do notintcnd to demand anything bat that which 
I is right; and I will remark, in this connection, 
that there is a spirit in the country which, if it 
docs not exist to a very great extent in this I-lall, 
does exist in the great- mass of the people North 
I and South, to do what is right; and if the ques- 
tion could be taken away from politicians; if it 
ballot-box; and sho has exercised the right, could be taken away from the Congress of the 
these are the consequences. qe has got. her rights! United States, and referred to the great n)ass of 
She has gono out of the Union to bc frec, and has the intelligent voting population of the United 
introduced a galling system of tyranny. She has States, they would settle it without the slightest 
gono out of the Ulii0Yl to bc relieved from taxes, difliculty, and bid defiance to secessionists and 
i and has increasod the burdens upon hcu• peoplc disunionists. [Applause, in the galleries.] 
The VICE PRESIDENT, must bc 
fourfold. AH this is in tbc exorcise of her right! 
rnany persons in the galleries who have been 
Mr. President, when we examine tl'iis subject, 
and follow it step by stcp, to sce what is gained by warned again and again that order must be main- 
I hope not to have occasion to refer to 
this movement, hulnan reason deplores tho folly tained. 
which it exhibits. T.ho public mind seems to the subjec.t again. 
I Mr. JOHNSON, Mr. President, 
have becn inflamed t.o rnadness, and. in its deli- 
I havc an abiding confidence in the people; and 
riunl it overbears all restraint. To some it ap- i 
