468 
if it were so arranged to-day that the great mass 
Of the American people could be assembled in an 
amphitheater capacious enough to coritain them 
all', and the proposition's Which have been pre- 
sented here to preserve 'this Union, could be ré- 
ducéd to a -tangible shape, and sübmittcd to them, 
pdfitieians being left but of view, 'the quéSti'on 
being submitted to thegeat maÅs of the •people, 
it being their interestto do right, they béihg lovers 
of their country, havink to pay all, haVingto pro- 
•duod äll•, having to provide all, there would be but 
ohe single response, Do- that which will give 
Wdtisfåction, ample and complete, tö the various and 
conflicting sections of this glorious Republic. " 
But, sir, how are we Situated? There are pol- 
itici*ns here,mand throughout the land, some of 
iwhöm . want to break up the Union, to promote 
their own personal aggrandizement; some, on the 
other hand, desire the Union destroyed that sla- 
very may be extinguished. Then let me appeal 
to every patriot in the land, in view of this state 
of things, to come forward and take the Govern- 
ment out Of the hands of the Goths and Vandals, 
wrest it from the Philistines, save the country, 
and hand it down to our children as it has beeh 
handed dowri to us. 
r have already asked what is to be gained by 
t.he breaking up of this Confederacy. An appeal 
is made to the border slaveholding States to unite 
in what is commonly styled the Gulf confederacy. 
If there,is to be a division of this Rep_ublic, I would 
mther see: the line run anywhere than between 
the, slaveholding and the non-slaveholding States, 
and the division made on account of a hostility, 
on the one hand, to the institution Of slavery, and 
a preference for it, on the'other; for whenever thal 
line is drawn, it is the linc of civil war; it is the 
line at which the ov.crthrow of slavery begins; 
the line fi•om which it commences to recede. Let 
me ask the border States, if that state of things 
should occur, who is to protect tllem in the enjoy- 
ment of their slave property? Will South Car()- 
that has gone madly out, protect them? Will 
Mississippi and Alabama and Louisiana, still 
furt.her down towards the Gulf? Will thcy comc 
to our rescue, and protect us? Shall we partake 
of their phrenzy, adopt thc mistaken policy inlo 
Which •they have fallen, and begin thc work of 
tho destruction the inst.itution in which we are 
equally interested with them? I have already 
said that I believe the dissolution of this Union 
will be the commencement of the overthrow and 
destruction of the institution of slavery In a 
northern confedei•åcy, or in a southern confeder- 
acy, or in amiddle confederacy, the border slave- 
holding States will have. LO talce.cåt•e of that par- 
spccies of' pfoperty by their own strength, 
and by whatever influcnce they may exert in Ilie 
organozation in which they Ilia y be placed. The 
Guif' Steles cannot, they will not, protect. us. We 
Shail have to protect ourselves, and perchance to 
protect [horn. As I remarked ycstcrday, ny own 
opi l') ion is, that the great (Ip,sire to c the 
border States, as they are called, in this partic- 
ular and Q.xclusivc southern confederacy, which 
it is proposed to get up, is not that they wat)t us 
there out of pure will, but. they want us there 
as a of' interest; so that if they arc involved 
in making acquisitions of territory still 
war, 
further south, or war o•rowino• out of any other 
cause , they Inay have u corps de resert'e, they Inay I 
have a power behind, that can furnish t.hcrn men 
and money—men that llave the hearts and souls 
to fight and meet an enemy, •come frorn what 
quarter he may. 
What have we to gain by that? The fact that 
two taken from four leaves but two remainil)g, is 
not clearer to In y iiiil)d that it is that the d, issoEu- 
tion of the Union is the beginning of the destruc- 
tion of slavery; and that if' a division be accorn- 
pli.sbcd, as some desire, directly between the 
slaveholding and the non-slaveholding States, tho 
work wrikl be commenced most effectually. Upon 
this point; i propose to read a short extract from 
South Carolina herself. Mr. Boyce, latc a mem- 
ber of the other House, a distinguished man, a 
inan of talent, and I believe a good man , and who, 
have no doubt, in his heart this day regpets most 
deeply and sincerely the course which South Cår- 
olina has taken, said, in 1851, when the same issue 
was presented: 
Secession, separate nationality, with all its burdens. is 
no retuedy. 
It is no redress ibr_ the past; 
it is no security 
{Or the future. It is only a magnificent sacrifice to the pres- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi. 
February 6. 
ent, without in any wise' gaining in -the filture." 
'"Forrttte vatiouS teasöns l'ha€e Stated, I object 
in as strong terms as can, to the secession of •South Car- 
olina.-» Such is the intensity of my conviction on this sub- 
jeOt, that if secession should take place—of which- I have 
no idea.-för cannot believe in the existence of such astu- 
pendous madness—I shall eönsider the institution of slavery 
as döomed, and that the great God, in our blindness, has 
made us the instruments-of its destruction." 
He said then, that if South Carolina, in her 
madness, (but he did not believe she could,) should 
determine upon secession, he would look upQn it 
that the great God had doomed the institution of 
slavery. This is the opinion of one of the most 
distinguished and, I conscientiously believe, best 
men of South Carolina. 
But, sir, I pass on from the paragraph of the 
speech of the honorable Senator from Oregon to 
which I havexeferred; and as there seems to have 
been a sort of arrangement—at least it appears so 
to my mind—to make and keep up an attack on 
me, becausc I agreed with Mr. Boyce of South 
Carolina in this respect; because I agreed with 
many distinguished men; and because 1 advanced 
the doctrines of the fathers who formed the Re- 
public, I shall take up these Senators in the order 
In which I was attacked. Without being egotist- 
ical, wit.hout being vain, when I feel that I have 
got truth on my side, when I feel that I am stand- 
mg..on principle, when I know that I have got 
factÅ'h.(l arguments that cannot be answered, I 
never Inquire as to the difference of ability or ex- 
perience betwcen myself and those with whom I 
have to contend. 
The next Senator in order that niade an attack 
upon me on account of my previous speech was 
the distinguished Senator from Mississippi, [Mr 
DAv1s,) who took occasion to dQ so in making Alis 
valedictory address to the Senate after his State 
had passed her ordinance of secession. 
been the case not only with that Senator, but with 
others, Lhntan attem pthas been made by innuendo, 
by indirection, by some Sidc remark, to convey 
the impression that a certain man has a tendency 
or bearing towards Black Republicanism or Ab- 
olitionism. Sometimes o•entlemen who cannot 
establish such a charge, are yct willing to make 
it, not directly, but by innuendo; to create a false 
impression on the public mind— 
Willing to wound, but yet afraid to strike." 
If the charge can be successfully made, why not 
make it directly, instead of conveying it by innu- 
endo? The Senator from Mississippi did not at- 
tempt to reply to my speech, did not answer my 
awuments, did not meet rny authorities, did not 
controvert my facts; but after' reaching a certain 
point in his own arcrument, he disposes of all that 
I had said in those very ft•w words: 
I am here confronted with a' question which will not 
argue. 'the. position which I have taken necessarily brings 
me to its consideration. Without argning It, I wilt rnerely 
It is the right of a State- to witildraw from the 
rnention it. 
linion. The President says it is not a constitutional right. 
'l'he Senator {i•otn Ohio, [Mr. i•VADi..•,] ahd his ally, the Sen- 
ator Progn 'l'euncsscc argued it as no right at all." 
Is that the way for a Senator, a distinguished 
Senator, an Ajax of his peculiar sect—för when 
we cotne to examine this doctrine of secession , 
it is only broad enough to fqund a sect upon; 
it 
is not comprehensive enough ; it has not scope 
enough, to found great national party on—to 
notice the arguments of others? The Senator from 
Mississil)pi would not argue the right of seces- 
I say, that if any government bc organized 
sion. 
hereafter, in which this principle of secession is 
rccool)izéd, it will result in its destruction and 
overthrow. But the Senator says that the Sen- 
ator from Ohio, [Mr. WADE,] and " his ally from 
Tennessee," regard secession as no right at all; 
and by that statement the whole argument is an- 
swered. What is the idea here? Let us talk 
)lainly, though courteously and respectfully. 
•What was the idea which this remark was calcu- 
lated, if not intend(A, to convey? I am free to 
say, that I think it was intended as weH as calcu- 
lated, to convey the impression that the Senator 
from Tennessee was an ally of Mr. WADE, of 
Ohio, who wasa and the whole speech 
01' the Senator from Tennessee, the authorities, 
the facts, and the arc all upturned by 
that single allusion. Thank God, •there is too 
much good sense and intelligence in this country, 
to put down any man by an innuendo or side re- 
mark like that. But, sir, so far as the people 
whom I have the honor in part to represent are 
concerned, I stand above innuendoes of that kind. 
They have known me from my boyhood up. 
They understand my doctrines and my principles, 
in private and in public life. They have tried me 
in- every posiiion in which it was in their power 
to place a public servant, and they, to-day, 
not say that ANDREW JOHNSON ever deceived or 
betrayed them. In a public life of twenty-five 
years, they have never deserted or betrayed me; 
and God willing, I will never desert or betray them. 
The great mass of the people of Tennessee. know 
that I am for them; they know that• I have advo- 
cated those great principles and doctrines upon 
which the perpetuity of this Government depends ; 
they know that I have periled my all, pecuniarily 
and physically, in vindication of their rights and 
their interests. Little innuendoes, thrown off in 
snarling moods, fall harmless at my feet. 
It was said that I was the ally of the Senator 
from Ohio. I turn to the doings of the committee 
of thirteen to show who were allies there. 
not inquire what a man 's antecedents have been 
when there is a great struggle to preserve the ex- 
istence of the Government; but my first inquiry 
is, are you for preserving this Government; are 
you for maintaining the Constitution upon which 
If Senator WADE, or Senator anybody 
It rests. 
else, is willing to come up to this great work, 
either by amending thc Constitution of the Uni- 
ted States, or passing laws that will preserve and 
perpetuate this great Union, I am his ally and he 
is mine; and I say to every Senator; to every 
member of the House onepresentatives; to every 
man that loves his country throughout the length 
and breadth of this great Confedéracy, if you are 
for preserving this Union on its great and funda- 
mental principles, I am your ally, without refer- 
ence to your antecedents, or to what may take 
place hereafter. I say to ail such men„come for- 
ward, and, like gallant knights, let us lock our 
shields and make common cause for this glorious 
people. 
If I wore to indulge in a similar kind of 
Innuendo, by way of repartee, where would the 
Senator from Mississippi find himself? In the 
committee of thineon , a resolution was introduced 
by tbe distinguished Senator from New York, 
[Mr. I must say, since this ques- 
tion has sprung up, has civen every indication of 
a desire for reconciliation and for cornpromise, 
and ofa disposition to preserve thc Government, 
that a man occupying his position could do—to 
this effect: 
Resolved, That the following article be, aud the same 
is hercby, proposed and submitted as an to the 
Constitution ot• the United States, to be valid, to all intents 
and purposes, as a part of said Constitution, when ratified 
by the Legislatures of three fourths of the States : 
l. No amendment shall be made to the Constitution 
which will authorize or give to Congres the power to abol- 
ish, or intertore, withiil any State, witli the domestic insti- 
tutions thereof, including that of persons held to labor or 
service by the laws of säid State." 
That was a proposition which was calculatcd, 
to a very great extent, to allay the apprehensions 
and the fears that have been entertained in the 
South in reference to the institution of slavery. 
Why do I say so ? We know what the argument 
has been before the southern mind. 
It has been: 
first, that the northern anti-siavery party wanted 
to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, as 
an entering wedge; next, to exclude il from the 
Territories, following up the attack upon slavery; 
bat these' points were looked upon as of minor 
importance; they were looked upon as outposts, 
as the prelude to an interference with the institu- 
tion within the States, which has been supposed 
to be the great end and the great consideration. 
Do you not know this to be the arcrument: that 
they were merely taking these positions as enter- 
irv wedges to an interference with the institution 
of slavery in the States? Such is the real ques- 
tion, and such it will remain, the territorial ques- 
tion being stibstantially settled. What does Mr. 
SEWARD, who has acquired so much notoriety by 
his irrepressible conflict, 
say? He comes here 
and proposes an amendment to the Constitution, 
which puts an estoppel upon his 
' irrepressible 
conflict" doctrine. He is willing to make it per- 
petual, so that the institution cannot be interfered 
with in the States by any future amendment of the 
Constitution. That is Mr. SEWARD's measure. 
Upon the adoption of that resolution, I believe 
every member of the.committee voted for it, save 
two. The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. DAVIS] 
voted for it; Mr. SEWARD voted for it; and Mr. 
WADE, of Ohio, voted for it. Whose ally is he? 
