770 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 6, 
convention. They formed a constitution for the State of 
mank]and, which was to be rejected or received by another 
body, fresh from the people,' to ni€et at Greenville in No- 
venlber, 1785. This body met at. the time and place ap- 
pointed ; the constitution-was ratified ; Langdon Carter was 
Spcaker of the Senatc ; William Cage, Speaker of the 
House of Commons. John Sevier was chosen Governor ; 
David Campbell, Joshua Gist, and John Henderson, judges 
of the superior court. Other omeers, civil and niiiitary, 
Were appointed. 
The General Assembly of the State ofFrankland, by a 
communication signed by both Speakers, informed Richard 
Caswell, Esq., Governor of North Carolina, that thc peo- 
ple of the counties o? Washington, Sullivan, and Greene, 
had declared themselves sovereign, and independent of the 
State of' North Carolina. 
"Governor Cast,vel) was a soldicr and a statesman. 
lie 
was not of a temper to brook such high-handcd measures. 
Ile issued, on the 25th of April, 1785, his proclamation 
against this lawless thirst for power." 
But the State of Franldand did not heed this warning, 
so properly expressed, and so dignified in its character 
and tone. It proceeded to erect new counties, levy taxes, 
appropriate Inoney, iörm trcatics with thc Indians, and 
exercise all the power and prerogatives of a sovereign 
State. 
scarcity of money was severely felt. 
of the Governor was $200 arurually ; a judge ,C150; the 
treasurer $40; to be paid frotn the treasury. 'I'he taxes 
were to be paid into the treasut•y, ill the circulating medium 
of Frankland, sgch as they had, namely : good flax linen 
ten hundred, at three shillings and six pence per yar(l ; good 
clean beaver skins, six shillings each ; racoon and it).x skins, 
at one shilling and three pence ; deer skins, six shillings • 
bacon, at six pencc per pound; tallow, at six pence; göod 
Whisky, at two shillings and six pence a gallon. 
This has given rise to some humor at the expense ot 
the State of Frankland. It was rererred to in debate in onr 
House of Commons, 1827, by II. C. Jones, and in Congress 
some years ago by 11011. Daniel Webster; which was rc 
plied to by Hon. Hugh L. White. It wag pleasantly stated 
that the salaries of thc Governor and judges were paid in 
fox skins, aud the fees of the sherifi' and constables mink 
skins, and that the Governor, the sheriffs, and constables 
were compelled to receive the skins at the established 
Faven this primitive currency was, hy the ingenuity of 
man, extensively countcrléitcd, by sev.'ing racoon tails to 
the opossurn skins—opossutn skins being worthless and I 
abundant, and racoon skins were valued by at one 
enough to obtain the aid of some fifteen friends, who were 
with on Sevier's arrival. 
Sevier, with his troops and a small cannon, dcmanded 
unconditional surrender of Tipton and all in bis house. 
Tipton had barricaded tbc house; and in reply to the un- 
ceremonious demand, sent him word to fire, and be (t—d.' 
He then sent n written surmnons to surrender. 'Dhis letter 
'Ilipton forwarded forthwith to the colonel of the county, for 
aid. 'I'llis aid, through Robert and 'I'homas Love, was 
promptly afforded. 'i'he house was watched closely. A 
man by the name of Webb was killed, a woman wounded 
in the shoulder, and a Mr. Vann. While, from extreme 
cold, Sevier's guards were at the fire, a larae reinforcement 
from Sullivan county, under Max',vell and Pemberton, 
passed the guard, and joined the beleaguered household. 
The moment the junction was formed they sallied out with 
shouts; a trelnor seized the troops of Sevier, who fled in 
all directions at the first.'fire of Tipton. Pugh, the high 
sheriff of VVasbingt.on, was mortally wounded, and many 
taken prisoners. Sevier himsc}f escaped ; 
his two sons, 
Janies and John, were prisoners." 
Judae Spencer, one ot' thc judges of the Statc of North 
Carolina, holding court at Jonesboi•o-' 
, issued bench-War- 
rant against Governor Sevier for high treason, (1788.) 
In October, Colonels 'I'ipton, Love, and others, appre- 
hcnded Sevier, at the house of Mrs. Brown, near Jones- 
boro'. Tipton was anned, and swore that he would kill 
Sevier • 
, and Sevier really thought hc would do so. 'Tipton 
was, however, with nruc•h exertion, pacified. 
Handcuffs i 
were placed upon Goocrnor Sevier, and he was carried to 
Jonesboro'. 
From thence he was carried, under strono 
guard, to Morganton, in Burke county, North C,arolina, and 
delivered to VVilliam Morrison, the sheriff of' Burke. 
As he passed through Burke, General Charles McDow- 
and General Joseph McDowcll (the latter who was with 
him in the battle of King's Mountain, and fought by his 
side) became his securities fbr a few days, until he could 
see some friends. 
Ile returned punctually, and upon his 
own responsibility the sheriff allowed hill) tune to procure 
His two sons, with friends, came to Morganton 
privately, and under their escort he escaped. 
"IY)us the career of the fir:2t and last Governor of Frank- 
land tenninated. But with all his defects, John Sevier bad 
many virtues. 
He was fearless to a fault; kind to his 
friends ; and hospitable to all. This gave him great wei«rht 
arnong the people ; and although in the Gelleral Aesctnbly 
of Not:th Carolina, (Fayettevi110,) in 1788, general oblivion 
and pardon were extended to all concerned in the late re 
volt, John Sevier was: especially excepted in the act, and 
debarred all of trust, honor, or profit. 
" 'I'he next year ( 1789) so grcat a favorite with the people 
was Sevier, that hc was elected Croni Greene, to represent 
that county in the Senato ofthe General Assembly of North 
[le appeared at Fayetteville at the ti:ne appointed 
incerintr of the Legislature, (second Monday of No- 
vem bor. ) 
Such was the sense of' his worth, 
or his contrition for 
the past, that tliC I, cgislature passed early, an act repealing 
the section disquali fying hitn fro:n a tty office, ; and on takinry 
the oattl of allegiance, he was a110ive(I his seat. 'Ithus were 
the difliculties settled. 
" North Carolina had ever been willing to allow her 
cradle of secession, and he went back to Greenc 
county, and was elected a member of the Legis- 
lature of North Carolina. In passing this general 
oblivion and pardon, he was made an exception; 
and he Was not permitted to take his seat in the 
Legislature until the exception was removed. It 
was removed, and he went back to the Legisla- 
ture of North Carolina. Frankland had expi red: 
it was no morc; and yet we see the odious weight 
that was heaped upon him by this nefarious doc- 
trine of secession. 
Then what President? When we 
turn to the act and follow it along, we find that 
North Carolina then made her cession act, com- 
pleted it in 1790, and ceded the territory to the Uni- 
ted States. A territorial government was estab- 
lished. General Washington himself appoin ted 
the first omcers in the Territory, which was then 
styled 
" the Territory southl.vest of the river 
Ohio." 
In 1794, the Council or Legislature of 
that Territory elected James White the first dele- 
gate to the Congress of the United States from the 
Territory sou west of the river Ohio—not Frank- 
land or Franklin, for that is numbered with the 
things that were, but are not. Even with the pop- 
ularity of the name of Dr. Franklin, 
it was con- 
signed to oblivion, and now sleeps with the things 
that were. In 1794, the delegate to represent the 
Territory made his appearance here, and took his 
Ifi 1796, tbc constitution was formed; and 
seat. 
then it was that Tennessee began her ekistcnce. 
The peace was made in 1783, and in 1796 Ten- 
nessec formed her constitution and applied for 
admission into this Union. Then it was that Ten- 
nessce was spoken into existence. She did not 
pass through this ordeal of secession; this proba- 
lion of disunion. She germinated upon proper 
principles. The Territory was first organized by 
Congress after the death of the organization called 
Frankland; and in 1796, the people of Tennessee 
formed their constitution, and were admitted into 
tbc Union as a State. And, sir, who came into 
the Union with her when she was admitted as a 
rhiliing and three pence." 
General Assembly of' North Carolina, asscunblcd 
at Newbern, in Novenlber, 178.5, passed an act to bury in 
oblivion E.hc conduct 01' El'ranlKIand 
, provided they returned 
to their allegiance, and appointed elections to be 
tbc difl@rcnt counties tar rnembers to toc General Assenlbly 
of North Carolina, and also appointed civil and Inilitary 
oilieerg to support those already appointed. 'I'hc l' cxt year, 
1786, presented a strange state of aflhirs ; two mnpires ex- 
tended at the same tilne over the sarnc territory and over 
the same peopic. 
Courts were held by both Government*, rnilitary om- 
eers appointed bv both, to exercise the same powers. 
Tipton headed •the party tor North Carolina, and John 
Sevier tho Frankland 
The next year taxes were imposed by both adrninistra- 
tions; but the people most innoccnth/ pretended that t.bey 
did not know t.o w1101n to pay; so to neither. 
deprived or one, of the chief Inenng of governtncnt., the 
aflairg ot• Frankland were approaching to its end. 
'l"ipton 
and Sevier were both residents of VVa9hington county. 
Sevier a brave soldier; he had proved *his valor on 
King's n)ountain ; but hc was seduced by the allurementg 
of oihcc and ambition— 
The sin whereby the angels 1011.' 
Ile applied to Dr. Prnn!Klin for advice and support ; to 
the Governor (liatthews) of Georgia, and to Virginia. ; frotn 
nonc did he 
receive. any aid ot- ad vantaae. 
lic realized 
with rearfill truth, the thble of' Gav— 
The child who many fathers share, 
Hath rarely k nown a fat.lner's care. 
Ile who Inany doth (lepend 
Will rarely cvcr find a Criend." 
All this shows, IVIr. President, that the State 
of Frankland took its origin in 1784. A govern- 
ment was recognized, and it continued until Sep- 
tomber, 1787. "I'he Legislature that year met at 
Greenville, the very town in which I live. 
In September, 1787, the Legislature of Frankland mct 
for the last time at Greenville. Johh Menifee was Speakcr 
of the Senate and Charles Robinson Speaker of the Ilons•e. 
They authorized the. election of two Representatives to 
attend Legislature of North Carolina, aud one ot• the 
judges of Frankland wag elected (David Catnpbell) and lier 
Treasurer (Landon Carter) the other. 
nad the party of Sevier accepted the liberal, fair, and 
just proposition of Governor Caswelt, in 1785, as stated 
previously, how Inucl) pain and trouble would have been 
to himself? With ail hig virtues, honesty, and former pub- 
lie service, he was at this tune doomed man. 
" On the return of the members from the General Assem 
bly at 'l'arboro', in February, 1788, it was soon understood 
that Frankland was no Inore. 
An execution against the estate of General Sevier had 
been placed in the hands or the sheriff, and levied on his 
negroes on Nolichucky river. These were reinoved tor 
" Brave in his character, obstinate. and headstrong, Sevier 
ton's house, on VVatauga river, eight miles east of' Jones- 
boro'. Tipton had information of Sevier's design only time. I 
danglitet• to set up hm•selt• when of lawful age and under 
proper restrictions. Cherishing this föcling, she was never 
unjust towards her fair and lovely oflkpring. 
On the 25111 of February, 1790, as authorized by a pre- 
vious act of the General Asstnnbly, passed in the year 1789, 
Samuel Johnston and l}cnjamin Hawk ins, Senators in Cou- 
gress, executed a deed to the t_Jnit.ed States in the words of 
the cession act; 
and on the 2d of' April of that year, Con- 
gress accepted the (lecd, and 'Pennessec was born. 
Bv proclamation, dated September l, 1.790, Governor 
Martin announced that the Secretary of State for the Uni- 
t0(i States had translnitt.cd to him a copy of the act of Con- 
gross, accepting the cession of' North Carolina tor this dis- 
triet of t.hc western territory, and the inhabitants of said 
district would take due notice thereof, and govern them- 
selves accordingly.' 
Johl') Sevier was brave and patriotic, a man 
loved by the people; but hc had fallen into this 
error of sccession or separation from the State of 
North Carolina that I have called your attention 
to here in the history of North Carolina. •we 
find thut this doctrine of secession could not be 
bornc by h iin, with his great popularity and with 
the attachment the people had for him. Instead 
of 'I'cnnessee having her ori«yin or Ijcr birth in 
secession, tl-ie precise reverse is true. The State of 
I Frankland had its birth in an attempt at disunion 
and was rocked to deal.ll in tbe cradle of' secession; 
State? Andrew Jackson. 
It may have been that 
his early ki'lowledge of the country, it. may have 
been that his early information upon the subject, 
made him understand and appreciatc ever after- 
wards the value of the Union. When Tennessee 
was ushered into this fanfily of States, as an equal 
member of the Confederacy, General Jackson took 
his seat as her Representative. The Senator from 
Mississippi said that Tennessee was " born in 
secession; rocked in the cradle of revolution. 
Sir, she has fond recollections of tho Revo- 
lu tion ; bu t with all her re volu t.ionary character, her 
. people have never attempted secession. General 
Jackson first represented her in Congress when 
she camc•into the Union; she brought him to the 
notice of the people of the United StatcSas a public 
man. In 1833, when an attempt somewhat sim- 
ilar to the present was made, he was President 
of the United States; and it is unnecessary for me 
to relate what his views of secession were then. 
It is not necessary for to refer to the acts of 
General Jackson in 1833. And now, sir, not in- 
tendil'lg to disparage others, but to give utterance 
to my conscientious belief, I must say that if such 
a man as Andrew Jackson were President of the 
United States at the present time, before this mo- 
rnent steps would have been taken which would 
have preserved us a united people without the 
shedding of blood, without making war. I believe 
that if Andrew Jackson were President of the 
United States, this glorious Union of ours would 
and its greatdefendcrand founder at that time, not- still be. intact. Perhaps it might be jarred a little 
withstanding his great popularity and the attach- 
in some places, but not suffciently to disturb the 
ment the people had for him, was lodged in irons. I-larmony and general concord of the vthole. That 
That is where secession carried Ililh), with all his f i is my opinion. 
I do not say it to disparage oth- 
popularity, with all his patriotism, with all Ille at- 
ers; but I believe that this would have been the 
tachment the people bad hirn. Yes, sir, this case, if he had been President, pursuing the policy 
nefarious, this blighting, this withering doctrine 
which I feel certain he would have pursued in 
of secession ended by placing that distinguished such an emergency. 
man in irons. 
'I'ennessee c.ame into the Union in 1796. She 
What next occurred? North Carolina passed 
was the third State that entered the Confederacy 
a law for general pardon and oblivion for all those after the old thirteen ratified the Constitution. 
that had been engaged in this movement, with the I She was in this U l')ion before Alabama, before 
exception of this great man, John Sevier. His Mississippi, before Louisiana, before Florida had 
name iR even now venerated in the section of the an existence. There was a Union then, and she 
country where I live; but, with all his talents and was in it. She has been in it ever since; and she 
popularity, this infamous, this nefarious, this dia- has continued to contribute her money, her men 
bolical, this hell-born and hell-bound doctrine of f! and her blood* to the defense of the flag of the 
secession carried him into chains. The State of Union ; and though these other States may go out, 
Frankland had expired, rocked to death in the I trust in God that she wili still remain in thc po- 
