772 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
February 6, 
of-2taste, however; but it seems to me that, if I 
could not unsheath my sword in vindication of the 
flag of my country, its glorious stars and stripes, 
I would return the sword to its scabbard; I would 
never sheathe it in the bosom of my mother; 
never! never! "Sir, my own feelings in. reference 
to that flag are such as must have filled tbc heart 
Of that noble son of South Carolina, Joel R. Poin- 
sett, when, nearly thirty years ago, in an address 
to the people of Charleston, he declared: 
Wherever I have been, I have been proud of being a 
citizen of this Republic, and to the remotest corners of the 
earth' have walked erect and secure under that banner 
whieh our opponents would tear down and tråmple under 
was in Mexico when the town was taken by as- 
foot. 
sault. The house of the American embassador was then, 
as it ought to be, the refuge oftbe distressed and persecuted ; 
it was pointed out to the infuriated soldiery asa place filled 
with their enemies. They refused to attack. My only dc- 
the instant that hundreds of muskets were leveled at us. 
Mr. Mason—a braver man never stood by his fricnd in the 
hour of danger—and myself placed ourselves beneath its 
waving folds ; an(i the attack was suspended. wc did not 
blanch, for we rut strong in the protecting arm of this 
mighty Republic. We told them that the flag that waved 
over us was the banner of that nation to whose é.xmnpie 
they owed their liberties, and to whose protection they 
were indebted for their safety. The scene changed as by 
enchantment ; those men who were on the point of attack- 
ing and massacreing the inhabitants, cheered the flag of our 
country, and placed sentinels to protect it from outrage. 
Fellow-citizens, in such a *noment as that, would it 
have been any protection to me and mine to have pro- 
claimed myself a Carolinian? Should I have been here to 
tell you this tale it I had hung out the pairnetto and single 
star? Be assured that, to be respected abroad, we must 
maintain our place in the Union." 
Sir, I intend to stand by that flag, and by the 
Union of which it is the emblem. I agree with 
that this Gov- 
Mr. A. H. Stephens, of Georgia, 
ernment of our fathers, with all its defects, comes 
nearer the objects of all good governments than 
an V other on the face of the earth." 
I have made allusions to the various Senators 
who have attacked me, in vindication of myself'. 
1 have been attacked on all hands by some five or 
six, and may be attacked again. All I ask is, 
that, in making these attacks, they nicet my po- 
sitions, answer my argutnents, refutc my facts. 
I care not for the number that may have attacked 
me; I care not how tnany may come hereafter. 
Feeling that I am in the right, that argument, that 
fact, that truth are on my side, I place them all at 
defiance. Come one, come all; for I feel, in the 
words of the great dramatic poet: 
Thrice is he armed that hath his quarrel just ; 
And he but naked, though locked up in steel, 
Whose conscience with secession corrupted." 
I have been told, and I have heard it repeated, 
It has been said in this 
that this Union isgone. 
Chamber. that it is in the cold sweat of death; 
, in fact, it is really dead, and merely lying 
in state waiting for the funeral obsequies to be 
If this be so, and the war that has 
peribrmed. 
been madc upon mc in consequence of advocat- 
inq the Constitution and t.he Union is to result 
in my overtlil•ow and in my destruction ; and that 
flagr, that glorious flag, the emblem of the Union, 
which wus borne by 'Washington througli a seven 
years' struggle, shall be struck from the Capitol 
and trailed in the dust—when this Union is in- 
terred, I want no more. honorable winding sheet 
than that brave old flag, and no more glorious 
rave thau to be interred in tho tomb of the Union. 
Applausc in the galleries.] For it I have stood; 
for it will continue to stand; I care not whence 
the blows come; and some will find, beforc this 
thing is over, that while there arc blows to be 
given, there will be blows to receive; and that, 
while others can thrust, there are some who cau 
parry. They will find that it is a game that two 
can play at. God preserve my country frotn the 
desolatton that is threatening her, from treason 
and traitors ! 
Is there not some chosen curse, 
Sonje hidden thunder in the stores of heaven, 
Red with uncomrnon wrath, to blast the Inan 
Who owes his greatness to his country's ruin 
[Applause in the galleries.] 
In conclusion; Mr. President, I make an appeal 
Will you sit with stoic indifference, and see those 
who are willing to stand by the Constitution and 
uphold the pillars of the Government driven away 
by the raÉing surges that are now sweeping over 
some portions of the country? As conservative 
men, as patriots, as men who desire the preser- 
vation of this great, this good, this unparalleled 
Government, I ask you to save the country; or 
let the propositions be submitted to the people, 
that the heart of the nation may respond to them. 
I have an abiding confidence in the intelligence, 
the patriotism, and the integrity of the great mass 
of the people; and I feel in my own heart that, if 
this subject could begot before them, they would 
settle the question, and the Union of these States 
would be preserved. [Applause in the galleries. 
Mr. WILSON. I rise for thc purpose of mov- 
ing that the further consideration of this question 
be postponed until Monday next, at one o'clock. 
Mr. LANE. I hope the Senator will not do 
that. 
Mr. G WIN. That is too far off. Say to-mor- 
Mr. LANE. It would be very unfair to gen- 
tlemen who 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 will say to the Senate, 
that I desire to make some remarks on this sub- 
ject. There has been a very wide latitude; and 
1 desire to speak this evening or to-morrow morn- 
I am indifferent which. 
in 
{hr. WILSON. I suppose I shall have to yield 
the floor for that purpose. It seems to me, though, 
that we have the tariff, and several other import- 
ant measures, to take up the residue of this week, 
and I v,'ish to get the question over until Monday. 
However, I will withdraw the motion for the 
purpose of allowing the Senator to go on. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President— 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator yield to me? 
I desire an executive session this evening, on very 
important business; and the Senator from Texas 
can spcak tomorrow, at one o'clock, and with 
no inconvenience to anybody. I therefore sub- 
mit that motion, which is a privileged motion. 
Mr. WADE. Mr. President— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. POLK in 
I understood the Senator fronfTexas 
the chair.) 
to have thc floor now by the courtesy of the. Sen- 
ator from Massachusetts. Does the Senator from 
Texas give way to the Senator from Missouri to 
submit the motion which he has just now made ? 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 do. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 ask the Senator from Mis- 
souri to let mc assign a bill that was the special 
ordcu• for to-day at one o'clock, but by some omis- 
Sion of the President wus not called up. No 
objection. 
•Mr. CAMERON. I rise to a question of order. 
I havo been trying to be heard. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is due that 
I should stay to the Senator from Rhode Island 
that I am informed by the Clerk that the special 
order was called up by the Chair; but the unfin- 
ishcd business of yesterday took precedence of 
it, of course. 
Mr. CAMICRON. I rise to a question of order, 
Mr. President. It is, that the tariff bill is now in 
It was postponed by common consent to 
allow.' the Senator from Tennessee to conclude the 
gpeeeh which he began yesterday; and, as a Inat- 
ter of course, that bill nowr comes up. i want to 
throw myself on the generosity of the Senator 
from Missouri, and the Senator from Texas, to let 
us proceed with that bill, and get through m,vith it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen- 
ator state his question of order 
Mr. CAMERON. The question of order is, 
that the tariff bill is now the business before the 
Se n ate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 1 will state to 
the Senator that the motion now is, that the Sen- 
ate go into executive session. 
Mr. GREEN. That has priority over every- 
Mr. WADE. I wish to appeal to the Senate 
to take up a joint resolution that has just passed 
Mr. BIGLER. We cannot do that now. 
Mr. WADE. The Commissuoner of Patents 
is about to decide the case without full testimony. 
Mr. WADE. 1 presume not. 
Mr. GREEN. It can be done to-morrow morn- 
ing. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am told that the resolution 
in regard to McCormick's reaper ought to he re- 
ferred. It will give some special advantage in the 
way of testimony to persons who want to take 
away a patent. 
It is only to extend 
Mr. WADE. Not at all. 
the time for taking testimony. 
Mr. HUNTER. It ought to be examined. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 do not yield the floor. The 
question is on my motion for an executive session. 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 will suggest that 1 only 
gave the floor to the Senator from Missouri to 
make a specific motion; and everybody else has 
had it ever {ince I yielded the floor to him for 
that purpose. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 ask the Senator to yield 
to me for the purpose of giving him a notice. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. There several import- 
ant biEls requiring the action of the Senate. 
would not call the-attention of the Senate to them 
now, if the chairman of the Committee on Finance 
was here; but he is not, and I know what his in- 
tention is. Those bills must be takcn up at some 
time; and if this debate is to go on and take pre- 
cedence of everything else, from day to day, we 
shall go through this session without passing any 
of them. Now, I want simply to give notice to 
gentlemen—so that they may not consider us dis- 
courteous when we oppose the further proceed- 
ing of this debate until some of those bills are 
disposed of—that such is our intention ; and I shall 
do it to-morrow, when the time comes. 
Mr. G WIN. I wish to say that the chairman 
of the Committee on Finance is now out on a com- 
mittee of conference, and will be in in a few mo- 
ments. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have given the notice. 
We do not want any of our bills taken up to-day. 
There are none ready to-day. To-morrow we 
shall insist on it. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. Pr»ident— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from 'I'exas yield to the Senator from Rhode 
Island? 
Mr. WIGFALL. I will give way to him too, 
I cannot hear him. 
if I can hear what he says. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 will speak loud enough. 
When the hour came for the special order to-day, 
there was a debate on the privileged question about 
reconsidering the vote on the passage of the terri- 
torial bill. The special order was passed over 
informally, in order that that debate might be con- 
tinued for half an hour. When that was through, 
before anybody had a chance to call the attention 
of the Presiding Offcer to the order of business, 
the Senator from Tennessee, who was left unfin- 
ished yesterday. in his remarks, went on, and it 
was considered to be waived until he got through; 
and I believe that is naturally the order now. At 
any rate, if the Senator from Missouri will give 
way for me to move to make it the special order 
for to-morrow at one o'clock 
Mr. WIGFALL. I have the floor—not the 
Senator from Missouri. 
Mr. SIMMONS. But you yielded to him to 
make this motion. What I want to do is, to get 
the bill assigned for to-morrow. I consider it my 
duty to insist on some order in this business. 
was assigned on Friday lastTor to-day, and all I 
ask is, that the bill may have a fair chance. The 
revenues of the Government depend' on it; and I 
want it to be considered, because it has to go back 
to the House of Representatives, that tho amend- 
ments may be concurred in. I wish to make it the 
special order for to-morrow, with the understand- 
to tbe conservative men of all parties, You sec . 
the posture of public affairs; you see the condition the House bf Representatives. There is great 
of the country; you see along thc line ot' battle the necessity for its ill) mediate passaoe. 
various points of conflict; you see the struggle Mr. GREEN. Do that to-morrow morning. 
Which the Union Inen havc to maintain iu many Mr. -WADE. It is a resolution that ought to 
Of the Sgttgs. You ought to know and feel what bo passed promptly. It is on the subject of the 
is necessary to sustain those who, in their hearts, McCormick reaper. We want to extend the time 
I for taking testimony in that matter. 
desire the -prefieryation of this Union of States. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I ',vill state to 
the Senator that there is already a motion before 
the Senate. 
Mr. SIMMONS. That has given way for me 
to make this statement. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 gave way to enable the Sen- 
ator to make a statement, not a motion. 
Mr. SIMMONS. very well; go ahead. 
Mr. GREEN. I movc for an executive session. 
