1861.. 
masked under the plea of enforcing the laws. 
There is no gentleman upon this floor who does 
not know this to be the purpose of this bill. 
Knowing.this, I am resolved to resist every such 
measure. Coercion in any form, against States 
asserting by their highest acts of sovereignty the 
right of revolution, shall never be inaugurated by 
my vote, especially when I know that the inau- 
guration of that policy will be the death-knell of 
the Uniön. Kenzucky witl resist this policy of 
coercion; and M'hen you press these issues to a 
hostile act, by armed invasion or otherwise, the 
cause of the South will be a common cause. This 
Union can never be maintained or reconstructed 
It was not formed by force. The lig- 
by force. 
aments that bind it together are its justice, equal- 
ity, and fraternity. These are the pillars of its 
Its protection the citizen will repay by 
strength. 
his loyalty. I)eny this, and he will despise and 
resist your Government. Protection is the price 
of allegiance to every Government; and the Gov- 
ernment that denies the first and demands the last 
I vote " no." 
is a sham and a cheat. 
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that Mr. HICKMAN 
was detained from the I-louse by indisposition. 
Mr. WEBSTER (who was not within the bar 
when his name was called) asked leave to vote. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, objected. 
Mr. WEBSTER stated that he should have 
voted " ay." 
Mr. FARNSWORTH stated that, if he had 
been •within the bar when his name was called, 
he should have voted " my." 
Mr. BOTELER stated that, ifhe had been with- 
in the bar when his name was called, he should 
have voted " no.' 
Mr. BROWN said: Recognizing the independ- 
ence of the States that havo seceded—and to them 
this bill is chiefly intended to apply—and believ- 
they have no furlher 
ing that, havino• seceded, 
clåim upon the bounty of this Government, I vote 
Mr. FLORENCE said: I may have misappre- 
hended the purposes and intent of this bill, and I 
do not desire to bc placed in a false position. I 
regarded it as special and local in its character; 
but I may be mistaken ; and I therefore change my 
vote, and vote ay." [Laughter.] 
Mr. McCLERNAND said: Believing, sir, that 
tho Government is under no moral or legal obli- 
gation to carry the mails wherc they are or may 
be habitually subjected to espionage and violation, 
and that its dignity, equally with its interests, 
demands that it should not do so, I vote for the 
The result of the vote having been announced 
as above recorded, 
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay 
the motion to reconsider upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
PATENTS. 
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask permission of the House 
to call up Senate bill No. 1(), a bill in addition to 
_)rocrress of the useful arts. 
"An act to promote the 
hat is the rcgular order of 
Mr. FENTON. 
business ? 
The SPEAKER. This bill last 
session as an unfinished report of the Committec 
on Patents; and t hc Chair supposes the gentleman 
has a right to call it up. 
Mr. NIBLACK. Let the bill be read, and then 
a brief explanation will suffce. 
The bilk was read. 
Mr. NIBLACK. If House will indulge 
rne, I will make a brief statement in relation to 
t11i3 bill, which will put the House in possession 
It passed 
'I'll is is a Senate bill. 
of the points. 
the Senate unanimously at thc last session of the 
present Congress. Thc Conunittcc on Patents in 
the Senate gave it a great deal of attention, and 
the bill was regarded as a good one by the Com- 
mittec on Patents in the House, so far as it went. 
The bill came to this House, and was referred to 
the Committee on Patents. There some mnend„ 
ments were swr'ycsted. That committee gave it 
a xood deal of attention, and reported it back, 
with tbc several amendments that have been read 
this mornmo•. 
By a vote of the House heretofore, the bill was 
postponed till the 12th of December, in the pres- 
ent session. Previous to that time, the attention 
of the Committee on Patents in the Elouse had 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
777 
been called to some further amendments; and 
therefore the committee let the time pass with- 
out calling it up. Since then we have taken up 
I these amendments in an informal manner, without 
having the bill recommitted to us. They have 
instructed me this morning to report some •addi- 
tional amendments. Some of those are merely ofa 
verbal character, such as we think are requisite to 
make sections of the bill more intelligible. Some 
of them will have, we think, the effect of retrench- 
ing the expenditures of the Government under 
this bill. 
In addition to these verbal amendments, w-e 
propose three or four additional sections. These 
amendments I will send up to the Clerk's desk, 
and ask that they be read; and if any explana- 
tion of them is desired, I shall be happy to give it. 
The first section of this bill is highly important, 
and has been urged on the attention of Congress 
for the last seven years; but while it has some- 
times passed one Mouse and sometimes the other, 
it never passed both Houses at the same Congress, 
and has consequently never becozne a law. It is 
designed to renmedy what has been always ac- 
I knowledged to be a defect in the laws organizing 
the Patent Offce. Under the present system there 
is no process by. which an applicant for a patent 
can compel the attendance of witnesses before any 
offcer, in order to have testimony taken. The ap- 
plicant has to hire his witnesses at whatever price 
they may charge, and he can only procure the 
testimony of such witnesses as are willing to ap- 
pear voluntarily beforc an officer. The first sec- 
tion of the bili remedies this defect, and authorizes 
subpenas to be issued, compelling tho attendance 
of witnesses as in other cases, and punishincr them 
for non-at.tendance. This is manifestly and in 
every point of view proper. 
The other sections of the bill merely change 
details and adjust the machinery of the offce to the 
present exigencies of the public service. It is not 
necessary to explain all the sections of the bill in 
detail, for its reading shows they are proper, and 
that there is nothing objectionable in them. We 
reported amendments at the last session in regard 
to designs, which are of some importance. Un- 
der the present law, patents are issued for designs 
of all classes for seven years; and under the laws 
for the extension of patents, the patentees are not 
entitled to an extension. This does not work 
well. There is a manifest difference between va- 
rious species of inventions of this sort. For in- 
stance: there are certain kinds of designs in orna- 
mental iron work that ure permanent in their 
character, for which a protection o? seven years 
is too short. On tho contrary, we have a class of 
designs, such as walk-paper, &c., for which seven 
-we have reported 
years is unnecessarily long. 
an amendment which gives the applicant for 
patent for a design the option whether he shall 
take it for fourteen years, for seven years, or for 
three and a half years, and scales the prices ac- 
cordingly. 
A.fter giving the subject a good deal of consid- 
oration, we have come to the conclusion that, as 
a inatter of public policy, as well as of justice to 
invcntors, the amendments ought to be adopted. 
We hope the House wilk adopt them. 
Mr. SIMMS. 1 ask the gentleman from ln- 
diana, whether this bill reduces the fees which the 
Govermnent now receives from patentees ? 
Mr. KILGORE. 1 ask the Speaker whether 
the mornil')g hour has not expired ? 
The SPEAKER. It has. This bill will come 
up in ordcr to-morrow. 
M r. SIMMS. I would like to make sugges- 
I know of an instance in 
tion to the gentleman. 
my own State of an inventor whose whole life 
has been absorbcd in the improvement of a horse- 
He is a very poor man, 
. shoe for war-horses. 
and there are many other inventors like him. I 
should like this bill to apply to all such cases. 
DESTITUTION IN KANSAS. 
Mr. CASE. I ask unanimous consent to intro- 
It is one which will 
II duce a bill for reference. 
have to go to the Committee of the Whole on the 
state of the Union and be considered there, as it 
makes an appropriation. It is a bill which I was 
instructed to report by the Committee on Terri- 
tories a long time ago; but when the day arrived 
for that committee to report, 1 was absent on 
business of the House at New York, and I have 
not had an opportunity since to report it. 
The bill '.vas read by its title as a bill for the 
relief of sufferers by drought and famine in Kan- 
sas. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 must object to that bill. 
I do not believe that Congress has authority to 
make any such appropriation. 
Mr. CASE. Then, I desire it to be understood 
that on Monday next I will move to suspend the 
rules so as to introduce this bill. 
CRITTENDEN PROPOSITIONS. 
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to present a me- 
morial from two thousand citizens of Philadelphia 
who voted for Abraham Lincoln, asking that the 
compromise measures proposed by Senator CRIT- 
TENDEN be agreed to, with the amendments sug- 
gested by Senator BIGLER. 
Objection was made. 
Mr. FLORENCE. The memorialis signed by 
two thousand men who voted for Abraham Lin- 
coin. I trust gentlemen will not object to their 
own political friends petitioning Congress. 
Objection was withdrawn, and the memorial 
was received and laid on the table. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania: I ask leave 
also to present six memorials from the city of 
Philadelphia in favor of the Union, the Constitu- 
tion, and the enforcement of the laws; and ask 
that they be laid on the table. 
It was so ordered. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 ask leave to present 
a copy of the proceedings of a public Union meet- 
ing In regard to the political crisis, held at New- 
bern, Illinois; and ask that they be laid on the 
table. 
It was so ordered. 
The SPEAKER stated that the morning hour 
had expired, and that the House would now pro- 
ceed to the consideration of the special order, being 
the report of the special committee of thirty-three 
on the disturbed condition of the country, on which 
the gentleman from New York [Mr. HUMPHREY] 
was entitled to the floor. 
Messrs. HUMPHREY, and HARRIS of Vir- 
ginia, addressed the House. [Their speeches will 
be published in the Appendix.] 
MESSAGE FROM PRESIDENT. 
A message was received from the President of 
the United States, by A. J. GLOSSBRENNER, his 
Private Secretary, notifying the House that he 
has approved and signed bills of the 
titles: 
An act (H. R. No. 876) for the benefit of Ga- 
briel J. Johnston; 
An act (H. R. No. 670) granting an increase of 
pension to William G. Bernard, late a soldier in 
the United States Army; and 
An act (H. R. No. 919) for the relief of F. M. 
Beauchamp and Betsy J. Townsend. 
MESSAGE FROM SENATE. 
A message was received from the Senate by Mr. 
HICKEY, their Chief Clerk, notifying the I-Iou•se 
that the Senate insist on their amendments disa- 
greed to by the House, and disagree to the amend- 
ments of the House to the bill to supply deficien- 
cies in the appropriations for the service of the 
year ending Junc 30, 1861, ask for a conference• 
thereon , and have appointed Messrs. GREEN, FES- 
SENI)EN, and I-IARLAN as managers in said con- 
ference on their part. 
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill pro- 
viding a temporary government for the Territory 
of Colorado; in which he was directed to ask the 
concurrence of the House. 
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor. 
The House (at fouro'clock,p. m.) took a recess 
till seven o'clock. 
EVENING SESSION. 
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m. , 
(Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, in the chair.) 
PRESENTATION OR A MEMORIAL. 
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent, 
prcsentcd the Incrnorial of citizens of Adams 
county, Pennsylvania, in favor of the adoption 
by Congress of some plan of compromise of the 
present national difficulties. 
STATE OF THE UNION. 
The House resumed the consideration of the 
