782 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 7, 
expressed their ,willingne.ss to yield; and the re- 
suki generally has been that -they have received 
their reward. 
Matters have reached that point in which it is 
necessary for our own safety to dissolve the ties 
which bind us to the North. We coald trust the 
northern men who stand by the Constitution; but 
with the dominant party in the northern States, 
aided by southern treason, we feel that nei&her 
our liberties nor our property are longer secure 
in the Union. The Senator from Tennessee pre- 
tends that this is a movement on the part of poli- 
ticians. Politicians! I would be glad if he would 
inform me what he is, if not a politician—a states- 
man, he would hardly say. Politicians have done 
this thing! States have seceded from the Union, 
and it is the act of politicians! And he hazarded 
the assertion that if the ordinance of secession, 
in South Carolina even, had been submitted to 
the popular vote, it would not have passed. Why, 
sir, it IS extraordinary that men are so reckless of 
their reputation as to hazard expressions of this 
sort, which they know will become public. Did 
not the Legislature of South Carolina appoint a 
day on which the people ',vere to vote? Were not 
candidates brought out in every district and every 
parish? Were not the opinions of every candl- 
date for that convention known? Did not the peo- 
ple vote for those who were in favor of immediate 
secession and against those who were opposed to 
it? Did they not elect their representatives in 
order that an ordinance of Secession might be 
Is this fact not known to the Senator 
passed ? 
from Tennessee? Did "not those delegates who 
were elected, after a discussion of all these ques- 
tions bcforc the people, meet in convention, and 
with entire unanimity vote that South Carolina 
should cease to be one of the States of this Union ? 
Has not the press of that State, since that time, 
been far alicad of the action of the State authori- 
tics; and docs he not know this? Has not. the 
Charleston Mercury—to which he has alluded— 
been ur'Ying the Governor to attack Fort Sumter 
arid bring on the crisis? Has not the, position of 
that paper been supported by the entirc press of 
the country? Have not the people risen cn Inasse 
aud cried out for blood, because they believe it is 
u reproach upon their honor that a fort within 
their territory still remains in the possession of a 
Government that they regard as not only foreign, 
but hostile—a fort held in derogation of their sov- 
crcicnty and in denial of their right of self-gov- 
crnment? Are these facts not known to that Sen- 
ator? Yet-he has thc recklessness to rise here and 
say that the people South Carolina are living 
under a tyranny, and that the politicians are tram- 
pling them in the ground; and that it' they were 
permitted to speak through the ballot-box, that 
State would yet be in the Union ! 
Is not what I have said of South Carolina true 
of Georaia, of Alabama, of l?lorida, of Missis- 
Is it not true of my own 
sippi, of Louisiana? 
Is it not true of Arkansas? Will it not be 
Sta te ? 
true of his State, and of every other Stutc in which 
the question of secession has bccn Inade an issue 
in the past, or in which it will be made, an issue 
in the coming clcctions? 'I'he people, forsooth, 
arc not allowed t.he right of self-government! I-Ie 
says—when he and the Senator frorn Illinois [Mr. 
DOUGLAS] get through their private conferel'lce, I 
will go on; I want his attention—the peoplc are 
not permitted to govern themselves! Oh, no ! 
Docs he not know—he should have known before 
he made the assertion—that the people of South 
Carolina are allowed to vote? And yet he boldly, 
recklessly, and confidently asserted, yesterday, 
that the people of that State wcre denied the ckect- 
i ve franchise. Whom docs he mean by peo- 
ple ? ' ' Negroes? Women and chil(lrei'i? Persons 
under twenty-one years of age, and Indians? If 
he means that class of the community, I acknowl- 
edge his statement was true; but if he means by 
people," men twenty-one. years old, citizens of 
the State, his statement is wholly and utterly 
without foundation. It has been a charge that has 
been noude iu this body for the last twenty years, 
and been corrected tirne and again by the consti- 
tu tion of South Carolina being brought here and 
read, that every man twrent.y-one years old, and 
white, and a citizen of the State, is entitled t@ vote, 
'I*here is no property quali- ' 
and allowed to vote. 
ficalion required il') that State, and there has not 
l.jeen for the last hau• century. These are facts . 
that are known ; and yet, to excite prejudice against 
that particular State, he indulges vain in this 
stale slander, which, like false coin, has been so 
often nailed to the counter. 
I was gratified to hear a Senator from the North 
rise and repudiate the doctrines which he advo- 
cated. I was glad that it came from that quarter. 
It came appropriately fi•om that quarter; and the 
Senator who advocated the doctrines for which 
we contend, may with propriety advocate them, 
and do it without exciting prejudice; for no fair, 
right-minded man can doubt his patriotism or his 
devotion to the Union. His fealty has been vvrit- 
ten upon the battle-field, under the stars and 
stripes, and with his own .red blood; and when 
he was thus recording his devotion to the coun- 
try, where was the Senator from Tennessee? Not 
up-on the battle-fields of Mexico. Electioneering, 
suppose; trying to get placo and office. He rises 
here, and denounces as wantino•in patriotism the 
man whose whole life has been devoted to his 
country ! 
His doctrines are so extraordinary, they are so 
disjointedly uttered, and so incoherently thrown 
together, that it is difficult to follosv him. He 
complains that his great argument was not an- 
swered. Beau Brummel, I believe, on one occa- 
sion, was asked by a taiior how he liked a coat. 
He took it by the lappel„and looking at it, asked 
the tailor if hc called that thing a coat. His great 
argument! When and where did he make any 
great argument, or argument of any sort what- 
ever? 1 have not heard it. Our positions have 
been stated; we have referred to the Constitution; 
we have referred to the journals of the convention 
that drafted it; we have referred to the debates of 
the conventions of the different States that ratified 
it; we have referred to the Federalist as explaining 
the meanings of the Constitution as understood 
by the States which ratified it; and has he answered 
any of our arguments? Has he attempted to do 
anything except to read newspaper extracts, to 
read the opinions of this man, that man, and the 
other, Icavinff out always the context, and fre- 
qucntly himself' misapprehending the moaning of 
the very sentcrjces which he reå(l? And vet he 
complains that we did not answer his argument. 
The Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. 
few days ago, bid us farewell ill tones so touch- 
ing that I supposed any man, liviiV north or 
south, who had a heart, could not fail to feel. 
VI' welve scats here are vacant, never, never ao•ain 
to be filled. The Union is disrupted. These 
Senators bade along and last farewell to this body; 
and to some of us they expressed the hope that 
before long we should rncet in other fields, and 
under more favorable circumstances. All seemed 
to feel except the Senator from Tennessee. He 
alone looked upon it as a farce that was to be 
played off, in which the mourners were to be 
called out, and before the curtain was raised, and 
the performance was begun, those who '*vere to 
shed tears were advised of the roper time. 'I'hat 
disruption of this 
is the ilnprcs•sion that the act 
love so dearly, pro- 
Union, which he professes 
duces upon his mind. 
Elc talked of devotion to the Union and the 
Constitution, and there is no man who novv' lives 
who has done morc than he has to produce this 
'I'he policy which he has 
very state of things. 
for years past been advocating, of a hornestcad 
alone, if it had over been adopted , and carried 
bill, 
out to the full extent, would have caused a dis- 
ruption of the Union; and yet he professes to be a 
Union rnan. r r hc Senator Inay not be a statesman ; 
but he understands, as X,vell as any man living, 
how to take advantacro of the prejudices of the 
populace, and •with what safety a man may, if he 
wears the livery of heaven, perform acts which 
those who are. entitled to that uniform are not in 
I recollect, sir, some 
the habit of performing. 
twenty years ago, reading a book which was 
Paul Clifford. PiggyL0b "ofthe Mug,' 
who was a very sagacious woman, had the edu- 
cation of little Paul intrusted to her care. She 
ple goes more by what you says than what you 
does." Sdy that you are for the Union; denounce 
everybody who is opposed to it; trample the Con- 
stitution under foot; deny the existence of the 
States; betray your own section; sacrifice the lib- 
erty of your countrymen—do all this, but say, 
Paul, that you are for the Union; that is ail that 
is necessary, because "people goes more by what 
[Laugh ter.] 
you says than what you does. 
Who is in favor of the Union? What is the 
Union? Years and years ago, thirteen separate 
and sovereign States having achieved their inde- 
pendcnce, and each feeling that it was not strong 
enough to protect itself against foreign a ogression, 
entered into a compact with each other, and or- 
ffanized a Government to which they delegated 
certain specific powers—the right for them, and 
in their name, to enter into treaties with forei«n 
nations; to keep up a common Army and a com- 
mon Navy; to conduct a common diplomacy, and 
to have a common Treasury. When the sover- 
eignty of these States is denied or destroyed; 
when this Federal Government has become con- 
verted into a consolidated despotism; when upon 
the ruins of this Federal fabric a consolidated de- 
mocracy has been erected, then I say the Union 
it is the 
is destroyed. This is not my opinion; 
opinion of the father of the Democratic party. 
Thomas Jefferson said that this Union could be 
destroyed in two ways: first, by consolidation; 
next, by disruption; and that of the two, he pre• 
ferred disruption, though' he would regard that as 
a very great calamity. He •was in favor of the 
Union as it was established by the Constitution. 
He was in favor of the Union, a union being an 
agreement between separate and distinct persons, 
not a fusion and amalgamation. That was the 
doctrine of the man from whose brain, Minerva- 
like, sprang the great Democratic constitutional 
party. As Minerva sprang, armed and equipped, 
from the brain of Jove, so did this great party 
spring from the brain of Jefferson, to rescue the 
Constitution and to save the Union. 
The Senator has a wonderful lovc for the peo- 
pie; he has great regard for the right of self-gov- 
ernment; he thinks that politicians ought not to 
be permitted to trample upon the people; and what 
are the doctrines that hc has been advocating here ? 
He was guilty—I do not wish to use, offensive 
terms; yet, to convey my ideas, I may be betrayed 
into terms that may not be exactly senatorial— 
he was guilty of usine• the that the people 
of Louisituaa had been bought by the United States 
as chattels. A man professing to be in favor of 
the people, talking thus indecently of the people, 
the white men, of one of the sovereign Slates of 
this Union, being purchased as chattels! In order 
to sustain himself, he attempted to make, I sup- 
pose what he would call an argument, by reading 
from the treaty of 1803 what had been read by t.he 
Senator from Louisiana the day before, and who 
had quoted everything that was material. I choose 
not to waste my time, nor that of the Senate, by 
rereading what was read and has been published. 
The first article of that treat.y explains thc cause 
of the cession. It conveys the sovercignty of tlie 
territory; territory, in common parlance, means 
land. The second article of the treaty goes on and 
specifies what is conveyed—the forts, the navy- 
yards, the public buildings, the public ofiices— 
everything. The territory and its appurtenances 
are specified in the second articlc ofthc treaty, in 
called Paul one day, and said to hill), " Paul, my I 
child, road your Bible, and talk like a pious un, 
order that there may be no misunderstanding as 
territory. 
to the meaning of the term 
Then, the third article of the, treaty, which his- 
tory tells us was l.vritten by Napoleon himself— 
the third article written by the First Consul him- 
self—does what? Does it convey the pcople of 
It specifies that the people 
Louisiana as chattels? 
of Louisiana shall be vested with the right of solf- 
crovernment; that they shall, at the earliest momer,t 
practicable, bc admitted into this Union as a State, 
with all the rights and privileges of the original 
States of the American Union. It declares explic- 
itly that until they are admitted into the Union 
States, they shall be entitled to perfect and full 
for people goes more by what you says than protection in their lives, their liberties% their prop- 
erty, and their religion; and when the First Con- 
what you does; if you want what is not your 
sul had signed the treaty, he expressed, as history 
own, Paul, try and do without it, my child ; but 
if you can 't, take it by insinivation and not by II tells us, the hope that the Frenchmen v;hosc alle- 
bluster, for them as swindles gains more and risks giancc had been transferred from France, remem- 
less than them as robs." I Laughter.] "l'here was bering that he had secured to them the right, of 
a world of worldly wisdom in that advice. "Read sclf2governrne1it, would always in their bosonjs 
the Bible, Paul, and talk like a pious un, for peo- nourish akind}yfeelingforthatGovcrnmenbwhich 
