1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
783 
had secured to them their liberties. That was the 
•What were the other considerations that in- 
duced tho First Consul of France to make this 
cession, is a matter that is wholly impertinent. I 
suppose that it wras no love of liberty. He had 
to part with Louisiana. The United States de- 
manded only New Orleans. The right of ingress 
and egress, and a place of deposit, was ail we 
demanded; but as he had to part with New Or- 
leans, and probably could not hold the rest of the 
territory, he determined to strike a fatal blow at 
England ; and, strange to say, that great man, look- 
ing far into futurity, predicted not only that he 
was striking a most fatal blow at his bitterest 
enemy, but predicted that if this Confederation 
should ever In after tirnes be so administered as 
to involve the rights and the liberties of that peo- 
ßle, they were in a position to assert those rights, 
and that a disruption of the Union would be the 
result. Strangely sagacious was that great man. 
Yet, with these facts plainly staring—no, I sup- 
pose he did not know them; but had he taken 
other counsels than those which he did, the Sen- 
ator prohably would have been advised of the 
facts, and would not have fallen into the egregious 
errors which he did. Rumor is a jade, and is said 
I beg the attention of 
not to be very veracious. 
the Senator from 'l'ennessee for a moment. I wish 
not to make any charge that is not sustained by 
the facts; but it is said upon the streets that the 
Senator was in close conclave with Senator, 
whom I do not now sec in his seat., from New 
York, [Mr. SEWARD,] and the Senator from Mas- 
sachusetts, [Mr. WILSON,] before making that 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Does Sen- 
ator wish rne to make a reply now? 
IV.Ir. I merely wanted to know 
if the remark which I have heard, and which is 
generally believed, that the Senator frotn Ten- 
nessee •vvas in consultation with the two Senators 
I have designated, is true? 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Sen- 
ator wish me to make a reply now? 
Mr. WIGFAT„Tu. Undoubtedly, or 1 would 
not have asked the question. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of All 1 can say 
is, i? the gentleman predicates his information on 
rumor, that the rumor has no foundation, and I 
do not think it very proper to bring into the Sen- 
ate what.the Senator may pick up outside on the 
mete basis of ruinor. 
Mr. WIGFALL. De gustibus non est disputan- 
I think it is a very proper place; and ru- 
dutn. 
mors which might be true, nnd without a (lenial 
are believed to be true, are alluded to in order that 
the Senator may deny them. The Senator, then, 
referencc to the public lands and other subjects, and then 
if he had been a lawyer, as he told us he was not, 
the act of corning into the Union was declared irrevocable 
he would have known that when one is on the 
without the consent of the United States." 
witness stand he is required not only to tell the 
Where and when was the act of cdmihg into 
truth and nothing but the truth, but he is also re- 
the Union declared irrevocable without the con- 
quired to tell tl-æ whole truth, and that the Senator 
sent of the United States? So far from that being 
did not tell. When Alabama was admitted into 
true, the very first clause of the act of Congress 
the Union, there were conditions annexed to her 
admission. Alabama was carved out of Federal 
territory; by territory, I mean land. When the 
inhabitants of that Territory became a people, had 
a government of their own, became a nation, the 
eminent doma:n would have vested in them; but 
as there was much public property in Alabama 
in the shape of land, it was necessary to guard 
acainst this, and therefore it was provided that 
thc people of Alabama should agree with the Fcd- 
eral Governmcnt that they would at all times there- 
after recognize the right of the Federal Govern- 
ment to that land and to the disposition which it 
was dccmcd prudent that this Government should 
make of the public domain in A labama. The act 
of Congress of March 2,• 1819, declai'ed: 
and provided always, Tliat the said convention shall 
provide, by an ordinmrce irrevocable without the consent 
of the United States. that the people inhabiting the said 
territory do am•ce and declare that they forever diselailn 
all right and title to the waste and unappropriated lands 
lying within the said territory ; and that thc same shall be 
and ren-.ain.at sole and entire disposition of the United 
States ; and Illoreover, that each and every tract of land sold 
by the United States, after the 1st day of Septenlbor, in the 
vear 1819, shall be and reunain exernpt frorn au y tax laid 
the order, or under authority of the State, whether for 
State, county, township, parish, or any other purpose what- 
ever, Ibr the tertn ()t• five years, frotn and after the respect- 
ive days of the sales thereof; and that the lands helonnintr 
to citizens of the I Jnit.ed States, residing without the said 
State, shall never be taxed higher than the lands belonginø 
and tiltit no tax shall bc 
to persons residing thereili ; 
the property of the United States. and that 
posed on lands, 
ail navigable waters within the said Statc shali forever re- 
inain public hit'lnvays, free to eitiz.ens of said State, 
and of the United States, without any tax, duty, inlpost,- or 
toll thereför, imposed by l_he said State." 
"I'hese were the terms proposed; and the con- 
dition of admitting Alabama mto the Union was, 
The said convention ehalt provide, by an ordinance 
irrevocable without the consent of the United States, that 
inhabiting the sai(l do agrec and de- 
the people 
ciare that they forever disclailki ail 
the rights thereinafter entuncu•ated. Now, sir, 
that being the condition of the admission, when 
the inhabitants of the Territory were about to 
become a people, when Alabama was about to be 
admitted into the U Ilion, they met in convention, 
and, after drafting a constitution for their own 
government, they go on to say: 
This convention, for and in behalf of the people inhab- 
iting this State, DO ACCEPT the propositions offered by the 
which authorized the inhabitants to become a 
people declares: 
That the inhabitants of the 'I'crritory of Alabama be, 
and they are hereby, authorized to form for thelnselves a 
constitution and State government, and to assuune such 
nmne as they may deenr proper; and that the said Terri- 
tory, when tormed into a State, shall be admitted into the 
Union, upon the same f0Mina with the original States, in 
all respects whatever. 
T hc act of Congress declares that they shall be 
admitted into the Union upon the same footing 
with the original States; and yet he asserts that 
they came into the Union with a distinct deélnra- 
tion that they never should leave it without the con- 
1 dislike to waste the 
sent of the United States. 
time of the Senate—and I Consider it a waste of 
time—but cannot permit such things as these to 
pass unnoticed or un rebuked. Previously to this 
pretended quotation from the act of Congrcss and 
the ordinance, the Senator from Tennessee uses 
this language: 
New States may be admitted into this Union, not upon 
au equality, at all; but, new States lilay be admitted into 
It being an express urant to adlüit, the exer- 
this Union. 
cise of a power, say the Federal (}overnment can exer- 
cise incident* that. are necessary and pFoper to carry the 
admission of Stat.cs into existence upon such a basis as 
I am 
they believe the good of the Govennnent demands. 
not so sure but the adtnissioo of a new Stato is placed 
upon a different ground to what Ivas 1.110 admission of 
States confina in originally ratiåS•ing the Constitution. As 
the Senator seelns to be so fålnikiar with things ot'this sort, 
will refor to the act adrnitting the State of 
Then, herc is the clear, Qndisguised doctrine of 
the Black Republican party, that the right to admit 
new States into the Union gives to this Federal 
Government the discretion of saying what State 
shall be admitted and what shall noi, and impos- 
ing any terms upon tbc inhabitants of rrc•rritory 
when they come to form their State constitution.. 
. 'l'he Constitution of the United States declares 
that Congress may admit new States into the 
Union, republican in their form of government. 
That is the only qualification; and we of the 
South and the Democracy of the North have, from 
time beyond vv'hich the memory of man runneth 
not to the contrary, advocated the clear constitu- 
tional doctrine that the only question which could 
be asked by this Federal Government was, is the 
Is it slaveholding or 
constitution republican? 
non-slavehokding, is not the question. But the 
Senator from Tennessee (who, I am sorry to 
having denied that he took into his counsels the 
two distinguished Senators to whom I have al- 
laded, I let it pass for what it is worth. Persons 
who are reliable state the fact of the consul!alion ; 
the purpose of it I was not advised of. But, bc 
that as it 11121 y, the charge which he made, which 
the Republican press has made, and which Re- 
publican Senators have rnade, that the people of 
Louisiana were purchased, is not sustained by 
history; and it is, I will say, a most extraordi- 
nary thing that those who have such a sensitive- 
ness upon thc subject of human rights, who are 
soshocked at the idea of traffcking in human flesh , 
" the souls of 
and buying (to use a cant phrase) 
when these men and women i 
men and women," 
happen to be black, should have no sympathies 
act of Congress under which they are as•sennbied ; and this 
see, has left, for there is much more that I wanted 
convention, for and in behalf of the people inhabitil'lg this 
State, do ordain, agree, and declare, that they forever dis- I him to hoar) has now planted himself upon the 
clann all right and iitle to the waste or unappropriated lands \ Black Rcpublican platform, and asserts that the 
Federal Governrnent has the right to dictate the 
lying within this St.at.e, aud t,he stunc shall bc and remain 
at the sole and entire disposition of the United States." 
terms, and, in allowing inhabitants ofa Territory 
" Done, convention at Huntsville, this Qd day of Au- to become a State, to dictate to people what 
sort of government they are to live under. Al- 
gust, in thc year of out Lord 1819, and of Ainerican inde- 
though tho platform upon which our candidates 
pendence the forty-fourth." 
Now, Mr. President, how shall I characterize ran at the last clection declares the equality of the 
a perversion such as was indu]ffQd in by the Sen- States as a cardinal doctrine of our creed, he de- 
ator yesterday? " This convention, for and in ! nies the equality of the States, and asserts that it 
behalf of the people inhabiting this State, do ac- 
cept the propositions offered," &c., as to their ± There is onc matter, and one other, possibly 
lands, the right of taxing them, and of disposing the only one, that I shall allude to; and I regret 
to do it in the absence of that Senator; but i can- 
of them. W-hatis the language the Senator used? 
not postpone my remarks to another day. He is 
He rcads only so much of this ordinance as I shall 
now here. 'I'here is another doctrine that I shall 
now read. I-Ie says: 
" Here. the ordinance of' Alabarna accepting the terms now discuss, and it is the monstrous perversion 
I that has been made of the political doctrines ofa 
of the above act, passed 2nd August, 1819." 
for their own color, and upon this floor deny the 
right of self-govcrnrnent; declare that the white Leaving out all that portion of the act which I distinguished man whose name is dear to every 
people ofone. States the Union have been have, read, it truly the play of Hamlet with one who calls himself a Democrat. 
with his party, and differing with himself one 
the part of Hamlet left out: 
only tirne during his long political career, the eye 
'I'his convention, for and in behalf of the people inhab- 
iting this State, do accept the propo,itions offered by the of dernatyocrisln and of treason has boon steaa- 
fastly cast. on t.l'le only spot on that bright lumi- 
act of Congress under which they are assembled." 
i nary, and has been closed to the rays of light 
Leaving out the propositions alluded to. 
which emanate from it. I allude to Andrew Jack- 
The convcntion, for and in behalf of the people inhal-:- 
son. He has been held up as an exemplar to us 
icing this State, do ordain, agree, and declare." 
I-Ie has been 
by the Black Republican party. 
Then come a number of stars. 
hcld up as an exemplar by the Tennessee Senator. 
And this ordinance is hereby declared irrevocable with- 
M Nationalism has been charged upon him; and it 
out the consent of the United States." 
II is to rernovc that stain from his character that 
Why, sir, my 
" Shame. ! where is thy blush ? 
propose to speak. 
cheeks would burn to cinders if I were to attempt 
General Jackson, a soldier during the Revolu- 
to palm off a fraud of this sort on the people that 
I represent. One other sentence upon that sub- ii man who upon the soil of South Carolina 
shod his blood in defense of the rights of the 
ject. He goes on and says: 
States and of the right of the people to self-gov- 
T bev a«reed to 
Thig act if'as declared irrev_ecame. 
the conditions offered to them in the aet of Congress, with i i erninent, removed at an early day to r ['ennessee. 
purchased, that they havo not and do not possess, 
b , and the only 
and never can possess, the riffht 
right, for which our ancestors contended in that 
bloody war of 1776—the right of self-government. 
What they don y flatly and unqualifiedly to their 
own color, they assert for the African race. 
'There is a point which the Senator will not find 
It very casy to get over, because it is recorded. 
He assorted and read from the record to prove 
that thc people of Alabama, when they became at 
people, ceased to be a people; t}iat when the in- 
habitants of the Territory of Alabama, by tbc con- 
s.cnt of the Federal Government, became a State, 
in the very act of becoming one of the sovereio•n 
States of this Union, they ceased to have the right 
ofiiving under such a Government as they saw fit. 
He gaébled the documents; he told the truth; but 
