TII.E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISüED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTYSIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
their asserted sovereignty, the first thing this Gov- 
ernment must do, and the only thing it can do, is 
to send its fleets to their harbors and its armies to 
their fields, to subvert that wrongful, that revolu- 
tionary, that illegal government. When they have 
removed the coercion; when they have crushed 
out that revolutionary power which is coercing 
the people, whether they will or not, to obey its 
behests; when they have done that, and left every 
individual in South Carolina to obey the laws of 
this Government or not, as he sees fit, then they 
may punish him, if he disobeys. But I say it is 
a monstrous cruelly to allow a goverrnnent that 
you call wrongful, and revolutionary and illegal, 
which government is now dealing as it pleases 
with the lives, with the liberties, with the prop- 
erty of every man, woman, and child within the 
limits of that State—to leave that goven-iment in 
fall power; and then say, if the individuals there 
that are under that power do not obey your laws, 
you will hang, draw, anfl quarter them. Remove 
the coercion; give them'he right of volition; and 
when you have done that, then you may, with 
propriety and without cruelty, attempt to enforce 
your laws; but to say that you wili not use co- 
ercion aoainst a State—that you will leave this 
government there in full power to confiscat.e every 
man's property, deprive him of his liberty, put 
him into the pillory or the penitentiary, or exe- 
cute him under the gibbet, if he does not obey 
that form of government—to leave that govern- 
.ment in full force to deal thus with every man in 
the State; and yet say you will confiscate, you 
will deprive of liberty, you will deprive of life 
every individual who docs not obey your laws, is, 
as I said before, a monstrous cruelty and an out- 
rao•c. Call things by their right names. Say you 
are going to coerce, if you intend to do it; say that 
you are going to stop that government; say that 
you are going to establish another government 
there, and do it in the only way you can—by 
force of arms. 
Let the Senator from Tennessee go and follow 
the bloody banner if he desires it. But he tells 
us he is a man of peace; he never had any inten- 
tion to invade South Carolina. I. never believed 
he had. I-Ie alluded to 's fables yesterday. 
There is another fable of Æsop's that he possibly 
has read. The was a certai_n man who, after the 
fiffhting was over, was taken prisoner. Hc asked 
to be treated with mercy. He said he had dot)C 
nothing.. They asked him what he was doing 
there? He said he had been blowing a horn; 
was a trumpeter; and they took him out and ex- 
ecuted him. He had created all the confusion; 
he ha(l been egging others on; but had taken no 
part in it hilnself. Thus the Senator from r IN cn- 
nessce is the Black Republicans, declar- 
ing that tlfe people of Tennessee will submit to 
the iron rule of despotism; cu•giilff and advising 
that the cotton St.ates shall be crushed, that blood 
shall flow, that our fields Shau be enriched with 
human flesh and whitened with human bones. 
that is what he advises; and yet he is a peace 
man ! 
it is verv easy fot bystanders tg make obser- 
vations. It is very easy to get up here in the Sen- 
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1861. 
I was 
speaking of a different man altogether. 
speaking of the immortal Jackson; of what wrere 
his politics; and what were his political opinions. 
I was attempting to remove the slander which 
nationalism now attempts to put upon his char- 
acter. The Richmond Enquirer of the 13th of 
March, 1832, says: 
NULLIFICATION—AN ERROR CORRECTED.—We have 
conic belöre the public to correct an error into which we 
have betrayed them. Some of the politicians of South Car- 
olina had nraintained the, opinion that Mr. Jefferson was 
not only the friend, but the father, of the doctrine of nulli- 
tication; and tiieir principal argtune)'lt. was, that he was the 
author of the Kentucky resolut.ions of 1799, as well as those 
of 1798; and that in those of 1799 is to bc found the mem- 
orable passage, that the several States,' ec. 
WV e had a great curiosity to ascertain the truth of this 
We have now to state I 
opinion." 
our conviction that we were wrong, and the South Caro- 
tinians right, as to Mr. Jefferson's opinions. A stnall mnn- 
uscript book has been Ibund mnonghis ptqpers, which, with 
other articles, contains two copies in his own handwriting, 
that appear to have been the originals of the Kentucky res- 
olutions." 
Now, if the Senator wishes to denounce seces- 
Sion und nullification e.o nonvi:n.e., let him go back 
and denounce Jefferson; let him denounce Jack- 
son, if he dare, and go back and look that Ten- 
nessee Democracy in the face, and see whether 
they will content themselves with riddling his 
effigy. General Jackson approved of the doctrine 
of nullification in 1798. MT as he a Republican in 
I will read the record. 
those days? Lot us see. 
Dr. William Dickson, September 1, 1801, was a 
candidate for Congress, in the district. ill x,vhich 
General Jackson lived. I have gone into detail 
to show v.7hat was the doctrine of the Republican 
party. The Kentucky resolutions of 1798 and 
1799, were the doctrines of the Republican party, 
and the Virginia resolutions of 1798 and the Vir- 
ginia report of 1799, were also the doctrines of that 
party. Mr. Jcfferson was its great head. Upon 
those doctrines he had been voted for. As the 
exponent and the author of those doctrines, he 
had becn elected. On the 1st day of September, 
of 1801, Dr. Dickson was the candidate' for Con- 
gress in 'I*enncssee. General Andrew Jackson 
says to him that ho believes that RI') y citizen who 
docs obtain the suffrages of the freemen of Ten- 
a -Republican, and in politics, 
must be 
n essee , 
like Caesar's wife, not on] y cliaste, but unsus- 
pected ;" and therefore he propounds thcse inter- 
rogatories to this candidate: 
I-lave you always been an adihirer of State author- 
I • Not of the Union, but of the State authorities: 
Ave, vou now, and have you always been. an adnlirpr 
of the or the Tjuitcd States, friendly to its ad- 
the, truc \ iteral rneaning of 1 lie 
a different thing to undcrtake the enforcement I 
yourself; a work that I apprehend the Senator 
from 'Ten nossee speaks truly vv'hen he says he will 
, and bar.ishiug the dangerous doctrine of ilnpli- 
instnuneut 
cation ? 
Flave yott always been, and are you now. opposed to 
standing annies in time of peace ? 
Or would you like to coöperatc with Mr. Joseph 
Holt and the conunandcr-in-chief, the licutenant 
general, in collecting standing armies and plant- 
ing frowning batteries upon the Capitol of the 
country? 
And, lastly, are you a real Republican in principle, and 
will you be a Republican in practice ? " 
Those were the searching questions which An- 
drew Jackson, on the 1st day of September, 1801, 
propounded to a candidate who ofün•ed his services 
NEW SERIES.....NO. 50. 
on t,he frontiers" had been complied with, and .if 
they had not, asking the reasons for the non-com- 
pliance; and to this, President Jackson answered: 
The, Indinns, thus situated, cannot be regarded in any 
other light than as members of a foreign Government, Or 
that of a State within whose chartered limits they reside. 
If in the farmer the ordinary legislation in relation to them 
is not warranted by the Constitution, which was established 
for the benefit of our own, not of a foreign people. If in 
the latter, then, like other citizens or people resident within 
the limits of the States, they are subject to thetr jurisdic- 
tion and control. To maintain a contrary detrine, and to 
require the Executive to maintain it by the ;employment of 
mil\tary force, would be to piace in his hands power to 
'nake war upon the rights of the States and the liberties of 
the country—a power which should be- placed in the hands 
of' no individual"' 
Pretty good, strong Republican, State-rights 
doctrine, such as was adopted and endorsed- at 
Baltimore, in 1852, and at Cincinnati, in 1856, 
such as the Senator from Tennessee has been 
professing to live up to from that day to this.. 
IS well known to the Senate, if not to the Senator, 
that in 1830 a great debate sprung up on some reso- 
lutions introduced by Mr. Foot, of Connecticut, 
and which is alluded to generally as the debate 
upon Foot's resolutions. He who has been called 
and by some the great ex- 
the God-like," 
pounder of the Constitution," Daniel Webster, 
on that occasion advocated the doctrines which 
the Tennessee Senator now advocates; and Rob- 
ert Y. Hayne, of South Carolina, advocated the 
doctrines of Kentucky and Virginia. It is use- 
less to read from his speech, because it is known 
to every one what his views were. He advocated 
to the extremest point the right of State sover- 
eignty and State interposition. Subsequently to 
that time there was a dispute—it was after the 
issue of the proclamation—as to what General 
Jackson 's real views were. Mr. Daniel, pf Ken- 
tucky, in the House of Representatives rose and 
stated that General Jackson had indorsed, but two 
years before, the principles announced by Robert 
V. Hayne, of South Carolina, in that speech Of 
his which contained the doctrine of secession 
and nullification. Mr. Bell, of Tennessee, who at 
that early day had turned Natiönalist, seemed to 
doubt it. I will read what was said. Mr. Daniel 
declared : 
The doctrines advocated by Mr. Hayne, as well as the 
mode in which they were advocated, had at that time met 
svitll the approbation of the President, as expressed in di- 
rect tenas in a letter fron'\ hill) to Mr. Hayne. The terms 
employed Were as strong as languaae could afford. 
were to the effect that the speech contained an exposition 
of the truc principles of republicanism 
" Republicanism" was a word that Old Hick- 
ory wras very fond of— 
and that it should be bound up and placed in his library 
along with the works of Thomas Jefferson. 
Mr. BELL, of '-I'ennessee, here rose in his place and in- 
quired of Mr. DANIEL whether he I-tad a personal knowledge 
of the President's approval of those principles, an(l of his 
eommendation of Mr. Hayne's speech. 
Before Mr. DANIEL could reply, 
Mr. CARSON, of North Carolina, rose with much ear- 
nes•Lness, and said: ' r, from my.personal knowledge, can 
'I'he President expressed iii* 
declare that such is the fact. 
approbation of that speech to me-in person.' 
Mr. BELL and Mr. CARSON having resumed their seats, 
'C Mr.. DANIEL proceeded, and said what he of the 
President's opinions on this subject was from documents 
ernanating fro:n the President's own pen ; from the various 
staternents of gentlemen whose veracity could not be nn- 
independont of a host of corroborating circum- 
I peached, 
Congressional Debates, vol. 9, part 2, p. 1885. 
Then, in 1830, General Jackson still advocated 
to the Democracy of F Ilenncssec, and an explicit 
the doctrine of' the Republican party of 1798 and 
1799; and how did his friends stand on that occa- 
answer to which he demanded. I have shown 
never undertake. 
that General Jackson votcd againso address sion? I suppose no one will doubt that Thomas 
Hc alluded to Shakspearc yesterday. There 
was another paragraph or.scene that be might well approvtng of Geueral 's administra- I. 
H. Benton svas at that time a pretty fair exponent 
tion, and hoping that General YVashington's cx- I 
In the debate on Foot's res- 
of Jackson 's views. 
recollect 
have quoted, had he been disposed. 
that the gallant Hotspur, speaking to his king as ample would be followed his successors. 
oluLions, Mr. Benton said: 
have shown that, in a few years afterwards, in 
i resunne my speech [said Mr. B.] at the point at which 
to the delivery of his prisoners, said he " an- 
1801, he objected to Mr. Dickson, because he 
it was suspended when I gave way to the natural and laud- 
swered indifferently, he knew not what, for he 
I have able ilnpatience of the Senator from South Carolina, who. 
doubted whether he was a Republican. 
•was mad to sec a popinjay discourse 
shox.vn what the Republican doctrine was; that it i sits on the right, [Mr. Hayne,] to vindicate himself, his 
State. and t.he South, from what appeared to me to be a 
Of guns. and drutns. and wounds (God save the ! 
was not only secession, but. nullification. 
Well and nobly has he done 
-k 
And that it was great pity, so it 
Fnould be digg'd 
Out of the bowels of the earth, 
a good fat' had destroy 'd 
So cowardly; and, but fi)t• vile guns, 
He would himself have been so)diel." 
I have been led into a digl•e.ssion, 
50 
on In 1831 Gene-rai Jackson entertained the same li to establish his reputation 
Views, not as explicitly expressed; but those who asan orator, a states:nau, a patriot, and a gallant son of the 
will listen to me will see. The Senate ofthe United South, tho effort* of these days eclipse and surpass the 
wholc. They 'xviil be an cra in his senatorial career -which 
I States had inquired for iiiformation QS to whether 
his friends aud his country will mark -und remembcr-, and 
to regulate the inter- 
look back upon with pride and 
the brovisions of the act 
I hvas course with hid inn tribes and to preseeve, peace J)ebates•, vol. 6. part. 1, p. 102. 
