1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
787 
" 'Phat the powers of Government may be reassumed.by I everywhere wherever the Federal flag floats or the 
the Constitutions their understanding will control I 
the people whensoever it shall become necessary to their 
all of those provisions in which the meaning is 
happiness." 
latent or doubtful. Here, then, in Virginia, in her 
No people of the United States there, but the 
convention, when she was about to ratify the Con- 
stitution, we find in the debates that Mr. Madison people of New York in convention, speaking for 
themselves, declared that all powers being derived 
not only denied that there was any such people 
as the people of the United States, but he asserted from the people, may bereassumed by them when- 
ever it becomes necessary for their happiness. 
unqualifiedly that there was a right of secession; 
not only a right of secession, but that that right, 
being inherent in the people, removed a question 
of anxiety, and was an additional reason why it 
should be ratified. 
The Senator went into a learned discussion yes- 
terday as to the ratification of Virginia, and com- 
I shall be very brief in 
mented upon the terms. 
noticing that. -WV hat was her ratification ? 
We, the delegates of the peop!e of Virginia, duly elect- 
ed," &c.. do, in the and in behalf of tbe people of 
Virginia, declare aud rnake known that the powers granted 
under the Constitution, being derived froin the people of 
the United States, ntay be resluned by thcln whensoever 
the satne shall be perverted to their. injury or oppression." 
Now, sir, let us look at the language; let us 
look at the circumstances. Who were speaking? 
The people of Virginia. Who were alluded t.o ? 
'The people of Virginia and the people of the other 
States. Why did they use the term " United 
States ? " Because the powers herein be- 
ing derived from the people of the States united by 
Then, sir, in addition to the great right which was 
secured by the seven years' war, the right of self- 
crovernment, set forth so explicitly in the Declara- 
tian of Independence, we have we havc 
New York, we have Rhode Island, which ratified 
in precisely the same terms as New York, declar- 
ing, -when they became parties to this compact, 
that they had ihe right. to resume or reassume the 
powers derivcd from them, whenever they should 
be perverted to their injury or oppression, or 
whenever that course should bc necessary to their 
i differ,from tlle Senator Vir- 
happiness. 
minia LIMN. HUNTER] in declaring, as he did the. 
other day, that secession was not a constitutional 
right, but a right derivable fronl the very nature 
I sav that it is derivable 
of the compact itself'. 
from the nature of the compact; but it is also de- 
rivab}e from the Constitution; because, when par- 
ties come to sicrn an agreement, if any one of them 
specifies any additional stipulation, and is per- 
mitted to si(rn with that stipulation, it is as much 
this instrument, it was proper that the fact should I 
a part of the compact as if' it were written in the 
Federal Government has jurisdiction? Yet that 
resolution was voted for by me; was voted fQi•by 
the Senator from Oregon; was voted for by every 
Senator on this side; it was even voted for by the 
Senator from Tennessee. He rises here now rand 
charges us with having voted against the doctrine 
of protection to property. He says that he sup- 
ported our candidates for the Presidency and Vice 
Presidency; that he ignored all charges of disu- 
nionism. •What was the doctrine on which these 
candidates ran? The second plank in the platform 
is in these words: 
c' That it is the-duty of the Federa_l Government, in all 
ite departments, to protect, when necessary, the rights of 
persons and property in the Territories, and wherever else 
its constituti(fnal authority extends." 
Both upon the land and upon the sea, it is the 
duty of the Federal Government to protect prop- 
ecty of every species, slaves as well as other prop- 
erty. The Republican party denied this right; 
I they said that slaves were not property,- and 
wherever the Federal Government had jurisdic- 
tion they had the right, and they would exercise 
the right, to confiscate that species of property, 
i because man cannot own property in man. We 
asserted the. converse of the proposition; we went 
into the fight with our constitutional principles 
brightly blazoned upon our banner. We suffered 
a defeat, but it was m a glorious caude. We were 
charged then, by the Opposition, with having done 
be made patent. The powers of tbc Government 
were not derived from the people of Virg inia alone. 
'l'he powers were derived from the people of t.}ne, 
different States, the Stat.es united. They were 
derived fronl all the States that came into the com- 
pact. Hence the }jropriety of that languao•e; and 
being derived from the people of the different 
united States, or States united, then they go on 
and declare that thev may be resumed " by them. " 
By whom? By those from whom they werc de- 
rom the 
rived. -WV ho were they derived from ? 
people of America? r l' bere vv•as no such people. 
But from thc people of the different States, par- 
ties to the compact. was the word 
sump" ? What is thc meaning of" resume? 
Every man who speaks English knows the mean- 
body of it; and it inures, not only to his benefit., 
but to the benefit of every individual who had precisely what the Senator ft'01ü Tennessee now 
either previously sigr)ed, or who subsequently charges, that in our vote upon the Brown resolu- 
tions we voted against these principles. I Bhowed 
signed it. 
r l' he Senator from Tcnncsse,c yesterday said 
from the record that the resolution which was in- 
that, admitting all this to be so, South Carolina troducod by Mr. BRowN, was offered as a sub- 
a'rainst which State he seems to have, special stitute for the resolutions which I have read, in- 
spite—cannot c,hiim it, because she ratified the troduced by Mr. DAYIs. The vote was between 
I preferred that introduced 
I Constitution before Virginia, ew York, and the two resolutions. 
I Rhode Island did. 
Had he been a lawyer, he by Mr. DAY1s, and therefore voted for that. That 
i I would have . known that the Constitution stood 
prevailed over the other; and there never was a 
subject to amendment, by ratification, until 
, il 
that whenever onc party— 
last party signed it; 
the thirty-fourth State that caz-ne in the other day 
—came to ratify that Constitution, she was ad- 
mitted with any addititional qualification, and it 
ingofthe word " resume." It IYlcans " to take back 
would be a oart of the compact, and inure not to 
that which has already been given by you.' 
Had 
her benefit alonc, but to the benefit of all the con- 
they meant that, in the event of this Constitution 
tracting parties. So much, then, for his consti- 
being perverted to the injury and oppression of 
tutional argument, as he has called it. 
the people of the United States, as a single polit- 
There is one matter which I explained so fully 
ical comrnunity its powers should pass to them, 
on a former occasion that I shall not take up thei 
they woul.d have said that in this event, its powers 
time of the Senate by goincr into any detailed an- 
being derived from the people of the different 
It is stale slander that wvas circulated 
swer. 
States, may, when they are perverted, be. assennod 
I..)Y the Opposition party all over thc South , durino 
vote taken on the Brown resolution itself, and 
nobody ever voted against it. 
As to the resolution introduced by the Senator 
from North Carolina, [Mr. CLINGMAN,J with the 
amendment by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. 
BROWN,] the one asserting that the necessit.y then 
existed, the other that it did not exist, to legislate 
as to the protection of slave property in tl-ke timer- 
ritories, I said, and every other Senator almost 
on the floor who voted with me said, it was a 
I voted 
question of fact and not of principle. 
then—so did the Senator from Oregon; so did the 
Senators froin Virginia; so did my colleague— 
first a«yainst the resolution declaring that the ne- 
by tho people of the. whole United States as one 
the last canvass, that has been revamped and pro- i cessity existed, and then ao•ainst the resolution, 
political contmunity,which would itself have made i 
duced here by the Seitator from Tennessee, that as amended, declaring that it did not exist. As 
it a national Government, have obliterated State 
lines, and fused the whole into one single political 
mass. 
I have given the clear, legal, and onlv sensible 
" 'I'he sun, gazed u t 
construction of the word. 
" Reason 
too long, restunes the lioiit hc gave. 
her throne, and passion fled." 
same" means to takc back t.}låt• which you gave. 
) € the scholars, the mop of education, the states- 
rnen who were in that convention in Virginia, 
had intended that when this Government became 
the powers should bo assumed by and 
pass to the people of the United States as a polit- 
ical comn-uunity, they would have used words to 
convey the idea, and they would have declared : 
these powers, being derived from the people of thc 
different States for the good of the whole, when 
they shall be perverted to the injury and oppres- 
Sion of the whole they may be assumed by the 
t hc Democratic party, the Senators here, voted to that fact, we voted against the resolution both 
ways, givincr, as our reason, that we did not in- 
against the doctrine that, was contained in our 
platform, and that vras, that slaves were property, tend to be diverted from our line of purpose. We 
I intended to incorporate a (I had almost said great, 
II and entitled to protection by the Federal Govern- 
In tho speech which the Senator from but I will not) principle; (I have an aversion to 
Tennessee made on the 19th of December, 1860, II 
ever since the Kansas-Ne- 
cyreat principle" 
I interrupted him to correct it, and he refused to braska bifl became the subject of discussion. The 
principle on which we were voting was, t aat it 
allow the correction; and I stated to hilu then, 
was the duty of the Federal Government to pro- 
that I supposed he wished the perversion without 
tect property of every kind wherever it hud juris- 
the correction to go into his speech, and hc should 
His speech was pub- diction. We voted for that; yet the Senator from 
be entitled to the benefit. 
lished without the correction. Some days Tennessee rises here, and as I said, revamps that 
state slander; refuses to allow himself to be inter- 
sequently, the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douc- 
i runted; refuses to allow the record to be spread 
I disputed it flatly. 
L AS] made the same charge. 
I-Ic promised to make good his assertion the next if before the country in his speech; and publishes 
the slander and sends it. over the countrv. Stiff 
day. I took my stand here at this very desk; 
read from the record, and I proved conclusively he rcttlinds us of the fact that he is not a politi- 
- cian; and he thinks this is fair dealing! 
the negative, that I never had voted, and no Sen 
Havin'F through with that, hc compluinx 
ator who belongs to the same party *.vith myself 
people of thc United States as one single political 
had ever voted, ævain•st that doctrine; but, on the bitterly of tho manner in which he has been left 
cormnunit.y. Yet a quibble was made upon thé 
contrary, that we had voted for the doctri1')0 in in thc luych. 1-10 says that he defrnded the Dem- 
inserted in this ratifica- 
words United States, 
a ocratic party from the chtn•gn that thev at- 
votincr for the resolutions of the Senator from 
tion, by tliC Senator from Tennessee, who ignored 
Mississippi, [Mr. DAHs.] His fourth and fifth temptil)g to dissolve the Union. He says that 
the facts, ignored the history, io•nored everything 
the action of that party at Charleston, and at Bal- 
except the one single intent he had, and i resolutions are: 
" 4. Resolved, That neither Congress nor a Territorial i timorc, or of the wing of it with which he coöp- 
that was to persuade those to whom he may send 
his speech that this is a national Government, and Legislature' by direct legislation or legislation Ofan crated, was attributed, by its enemies, to an in- 
I tention to dissolve the Union; and that he denied 
that the people of the sovereign States have lost 
or ilnpair the constitutional right of any citizen of tho Uni- 
the charge. But from the manner in which he 
ted States to take his slave property into the conunon 'Per- 
the right 01' self-government. Eut, if there •was 
states the defense which he then made, it is obvious 
ritories, and there hold and enjoy the same, while the 
any doubt about this ratification of Virginia, what 
that he makes the charcre, that our purpose 
territorial condition reinains. 
will Senator say about New' York? She de- 
5. 'Chatifcxperience should atanytime prove was to dissolve t be, Union. Sir, there never has 
means to insure adequate protection to constitutional rights been a more cold-blooded slander uttered than 
clarod, in her ratificat.ion : 
\ was uttered bv the opponents of the Democratic 
Ti'hut a!} power is originaily vested in, and consequently 
in a ".eerritory, and if Ehe territorial government should fail 
derived fron], the people, and that Government is instituted 
nartv supporting Breckinridge and Lane durinæ 
lhenl ii)r their connnon interest, protection, and secu- or to provide the Ikeeessavy remedies fhrtljat purpose, ! 
, the fast canvass; no more cold-blooded and delib- 
it will be the duty of Congress to supply such deficiency." 
erate slander has ever been reiterated than that 
are essential rights, which every Government Could anythino be more explicit than the asser- 
tion of the ri'rht to the protection of property wee had any desire under heaven to dissolve this 
ou.'ht to respect and preservg. 
