790 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 7, 
I came here to 
These, Senators, are facts. 
plead for peace; but I have seen so much and felt 
so much, that I am becoming at last, to tell the 
plain truth about the matter, rather indifferent as 
If you war, 
to which way the thing turns. 
vou can have it. If you want peace, you can get 
it; but I plead not for peace. 
i suppose that for the remarks which I have 
made I shall be treated by the Republican papers, 
as usual, with denunciation. I have spoken 
plainly; I have spoken what I thOught right; what 
I believe to be the sentiment of the section in 
which I live. I see this in the Tribune of yester- 
day: 
JoxNgoN, of Tennessee, tnade the strongest 
anti-secession'speeeh in the Senate to-day that has been 
deiivered ih that body. He overhauled sotne of his late po- 
litieal confederates, who have turned secessionists, with 
immense em.•ct. He confronted their recent acts and argu- 
znents with a scries ot• votes on Eho Brown resolutions in 
favor ofcongressional protection to slavery, givcn last sprincr 
in tbe Senate, and utterly overwhelmed them by his ex- 
position. JOE LANE, of Oregon, who was the Senator's 
candidate for the Vice Prcsidöncy, was badly smashed. It 
is seldorn that an arerurnentative tritunpl) has been so com- 
Piete in the Senate." 
But that is not all. The Tribune had to notice 
it twice; take two bites nt the cherry. Again, the 
Tribune says: 
Our republican, representative form of govern- 
viously how they were 60ing to vote, exercise 
their own jiidgment, and casi the vote of their ment was not adopted as a pis alter, as something 
State. That 'was the principle which was adopted that was bad in itself, only not quite so bad as 
It was not a substitute for the 
in the Constitution, just as you appoint, during ! something else. 
market-placc democracy of former times, because 
good behavior, a man to preside over your Sa- 
preme Court, with no assurance how' he is going -that was impracticable; but it was, that the peo- 
to decide cases. You select a man for his great 
wiSdom, and his great purity, and his accurate 
knowledge of the law, and you trust to his dis- 
cretion to decide all questions of meum and tuum 
between man and man. So it was intended that 
the people, or the Legislature of each State, acting 
in such manner as the Legislature should pre- 
scribe, would vote for the requisite number of the 
ablest and -purest and most patriotic men, with- 
out asking any questions, and that those men 
would meet together at the scat of government of 
their State, and cast their own vote in their own 
way',-.f0k' the good of the country. 
Pacey caucuses have broken that up; first, con- 
gressioßQi .ucuses,and thcn theso popu lar Demo- 
cratic anc.'"l hig conventions, and finally the thing 
has got down so low that nnxen come out 
their own hook," to use a vul(yar phrase, run for 
the Presidency, and stump the country. Why, 
ple themselves ought not to exercise directly their 
power. That is it: that it is safer that a man should 
be selected competent to construe the law, and be 
paid a salary as judge to construe the law; that it 
is safer and better for the great mass of the com- 
munity, than that the people should meet together 
in popular assembly and decide the law of the 
case; that it is better that representatives should 
be selected to hold their terms of office fbr a cer- 
tain period and påss laws; far better that they 
should do it in that way, than that the people en. 
masse should meet and pass their own laws; far 
better that men should be selected as Governors 
and sheriffs and constables to execute the laws, 
tl-lan for the people to turn out cn qnasse and exe- 
cute them. 
Representative republicanisrn the. Senator from 
Tennessee seenls not to have the slightest con- 
ception of. Ele would have your laws made, hc 
sir, I suppose if there was prospect Of m v would have them construed, and he would have 
being ever olcctcd, or evcn if I thought of it, 
them enforced by the people. Social equality is 
" ANDREW JOHNSON'S speech, in answer to the attacks would spcak with less hesitation about it; but be- 
all that he goes for. He undertook to read yes- 
made upon hitn by Democratic Senators, was perfectly fore hi(Fh heaven, as the matter has now eot—l terday about South Carolina, and denounced that 
scarifying. Nothing like it has been heard for years. Hc 
exposed the bald inconsistencies of the secessionists who 
had assailed his fidelity to the South, by showing Croni the 
record, before the Charleston convention, that they had 
votöd against the proteetian of slavery in the Territories, 
while the saine men now Inade a refusal of it by Congress 
a pretext for breaking up the Government. Mr. NONTER 
wilted (lown under this excoriation"— 
Now, I do not think Mr. HUNTER was in the 
Senate at all— 
and General LANE writhed as if seated on a hot grid- 
I thought the General took it ra,.her cool— 
and the Senate 
'I'he croii'ded galleries wctc delighted, 
enjoyed the cxhibiti01'i vastly. Mr. MA s('N tr;unped the 
[ Laugh ter.] 
floor likc a caged bear." 
This is rich. This account o•oes to the public 
as the manner in which that speech 'evas received 
for the last two days. So be it. 
One word more, and I shall conclude; and pos- 
but it occurs to 
s;ibly I had as well not say that; 
me, and I will. The Senator frorn Tennessee 
chare.res that the people have not done this thing, 
but the politicians have controlled it; and he says 
we are influenced by ambitious Inotives. Who 
is it that he alludes to? 'rhat is certainly not the 
motive that influences me; for, among all the vut.d- 
titude of candidates for the Presideficy, I do not 
I 
think I have ever secn myself spoken of once. 
desire nothing inorc than the place I have, so far 
as any honors arc concerned. I have never changed 
my policy. I came here with the views I now' 
have, and I have continued to hold t.hcm•, 
shall continue while I livc to entertain the opin- 
ions 1 now do, precisely, as to political rnatters. 
do not know whether I ought 1'10t to be grateful 
It - is said of old John 
even for that blessing. 
people for being in favor of monarchical form 
can speak of it with reference to myself because 
everybody knows that I am not in the safe line of 
the charge I.vas not 
of' government. Well, sir, 
promotion—but as things arc going and if this 
true. There werc two hundred and twelve nnen 
Union were to be preserved, I would rather my i in Charleston who did, without doubt, sign a pe- 
I tition that was very loval, but when he read it, I 
individual self be the keeper OL a rail- 
road tavern, which is by far the mcanestofall tav 
- I thought his cheeks ought to burn at what was 
erns that have cvm• seen, and deal out uncooked 
bread and fried rneat at twenty-five ccnts per pas- 
senger before, sun rise in the morning, accompanied 
with Rio coffee, with brown sugar, and without 
than to sit in that presidential chair [lauo•h- 
ter] to dispense the ofiices that arc sought here by 
politicians, 
a sel of (li.sbonos•t, trai)ickiner 
who, at the expiration of c, verv four years flock 
to this place to c!airn as a right, asa thino• they 
i are entit:cd to, for services rendered to t.l'le party, 
the oflices of this country. _[t is a humil- 
If there was nothing else except thc 
iating thincx. 
last political canvass that we have gone through 
then uttered againstwhiggcry—against that party 
that was fighting for the right; [hat party that, 
with ropes around their necks, were contending 
acrainst prerogative and power; that party that 
was firing at {he flag which they had often fought 
under. Those old Wilio•s, born British subjects, 
i with British blood in their veins, proud of thcit• 
language, proud of their ancestry, havino• crone 
to battlc tirnc and again under that glorious old 
Union jack, haviD(Y carried that flag when they 
w-ent to rescue the sepulcher frotil pagan rule and 
—those rnen, in defense of-liberty and 
possession 
ihe riebt of' self-governnoent, took arn-is and 
to cause the States that are yet inhabited a fired at the flag uider which they hac fought. 
decent population to secede, that would be a suf- 
I do not know that he desecrated the nmne of 
fici01')b ground for disrupting the, Union. [Laugh- II Washington yesterdav; but whether he did or 
ter.l 'This last presidential election, it' I felt my- he sooke certainly of the flag. 
What flag 
self called for a reason, which I do not, for li waved over the young Virginia at 
disruptingthe Union, wouid be a goodenough one, Braddock 's fatal deft•at? 
II was t hc•re that he 
But when Vir- 
and I would give that. 
fotvrbt under the British banner. 
The Senator frorn Tennessee, however, says ('Olia asserted her right to self-government, that 
we are influenced by the desire to get office, and I 
o•allant ranger left the fln.o• of his cou n try, the flao• 
he of course is not. Now, does the Senator from 
Tenncssoe suppose that everybody is blind but 
himself? I)oes he suppose that there is u man 
livine south of Mason and I)ixon's line who does 
not see what he is after? F,'or years past he has 
been doino• everything he could in order to ino•ra.- 
tiate with and make hiunself acceptable to 
t.hc very worst class of' the northern populace. r i' he 
Bunyan—hc lived, I believe, bclwee,n 
bmnestead bill, and other things of that sort, have 
that hc was in the 
'Ilyburr) and the Fleet prison— 
habit of sittincr with a Bible in his lap, and the been I he rnensures that hc has been devoting hi n)- 
self to, and he has acquired somc degree of popu- 
carts containing convicts with ropes upon their 
larity with thatclass. He has said hc would rather 
necks, sitting on their cofhns, to be hanged, would 
be a Black Republican than a Red Republican. 
pass by, he would look and say {.0 himself, 
f' But for the grace of God, John Bunyan might I MT ell, we are told in Writthata man looketh 
in a glass and straightway forgetteth what man- 
[Laughter.) When 1 | 
have been in his place." 
r I'he idea that he should have 
ner of Inan he is. 
have looked around here at sorne of {hc persons 
under which hc had lived, under which his an- 
cestors had lived; the flag that they bad fbught 
under in England, that they had fought under on 
the continent of Europe; the flag tl-;at had been 
brought with them into the New -World. r I' bat flag 
he did not desert; for he took up arms under the 
State of Virginia, to which he had alle- 
giance; and he fought against and fired at that 
flag that he, and those that had gone before him, 
and from whorn he had derived his descent, had 
for centuries and centuries fought for. Now, in 
South Carolina the great body of the people were 
Whigs, the slaveholders and the non-slnveholders. 
There were Tories thcrc. Where is it that there 
were not? But when Charleston •was investcd, 
I could read on 
there was a talk of surrender. 
suspected that he is not a Red Republican, that 
the subject, but I will not. The reputation of that 
who have been candidates, and can- 
didates, as if they were running for constables of he has not always been a Red Republican, a suns State needs no defense; her character needs no 
beats Of different cities, I have frequently thought culotte of the purest stamp, would be a matter Of defense. Bul when the Senator read that loyal 
to myself, but for the grace of Gad, I Ini•ht have amaze,rnent to me were it not, as I said, that we address of those two hundred and ten Tories, de- 
, arc told that a man looketh in a glass and straight- 
I nouncing the Whigs, it occurred to me that there 
been a candidate for thc Presidency. [Laughter.] 
way forgett.eth what manner of man he is. Red 
was a passa(ye or two in it which he would have 
TI'he, thine has actually got to be disreputable. 
The framers of the Constituti0i), intending t.llat I Reptiblicanisln! Why, sir, 
there is nothing, 
felt the force of: 
t.hore should be sorne decency and dignity about 
that offce, removed it utterly, as they supposed, 
beyond the possible reach of popular elections. 
They were not Democrats, I suppose. They pro- 
vided that electors should be chosen in each State, 
in such manner as the State Legislature might pre- 
scribe. All the debates, and the history of the 
country, show that they expected that the Legis- 
latures would elect those electors themselves, or 
•i ve to (hc people the right of electing them, and 
that rnen of known probity, of wisdom, of patri- 
otism, would be selected as electors, and that 
they, acting upon their own judement, would, on 
a day specified, without an YD0G.v• s pre- 
but the vilest Democracy and the reddest 
be.licve 
And we look back 'vvith the {nost paint'nl regret on those 
Red that he, has ever advocated convulsions that gave existence to a posver of subverting 
He has not the slightest conception of the a Constitution iOr which we always had, a-nd ever shan 
retain, the most profound veneration, and substituting in 
form of Government under which we arc living; 
its stead a rank democracy, which, however carefully di- 
of the institutions which were established by the 
gestcd in theory, on being reduced into practice, has exhib- 
fathers, of a republican form of Government, ited a systcm of' tyrannic domination only to bp found 
alnonc the uncivilized part of Enankind, or in the history of 
in which, while the people possess all powers, 
they exercise none by themselves, but only the dark and barbarous ages of mankind." 
throuch their represen tatives. They pass their I These charges ao•ainst the 'Whigs are inst what 
laws through representatives; they construe their he brings now a•ainst the fire-eaters, as he calls 
them. The position that he now occupies is just 
laws through representatives; and they execute 
their laws through representatives. That was the that position which the Torics of 1776 occupied. 
IgnoriD" everything except the mere existinff 
idea of the operation of "overnment that our an- 
i cestors ac.ted• upon. 
Government, not lookin«r to the manner in which 
