1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
791 
that Government was administered—not caring 
for freedom , not caring for right—taking up arms 
arainst their' brethren from an imagined higher 
law, which bound them to their sovereign, fol- 
lowing a flag, a miserable piece of buntino•, with 
figures on it, and forgetting liberty and rirrht— 
this wyas the sentiment which influenced the Tory 
party. It is the sentiment which influences the 
'l'ory party at the South now—the sacredness of 
tho Union, without knowing what the Union is, 
or caring what it is. And yet he denounces the 
very men who, in 1776, in South Carolina, occu- 
pied the position that he nosv occupies. He says 
that he will take up arms in Tennessee when her 
ordinance is passed, and that if she is taken out 
of the Union, they will have to pass over his dead 
body. I (IQ not believe that. I think he will not 
be in the breach; but he says so; and it shows 
the sentiment; it shows tT)C 
What motive has the Senator for his course? 
If this Union wore not dissolved, I do' not sup- 
pose it would requirc a prophet to foretell that he 
never would get the vote of onc of the cotton 
States, or off Virginia or Maryland, sqarcely of 
had a great deal said now; and I thinlG if gentle- 
men will reflect a little while, perhaps they will 
take less time in saying what they have to say 
here. 
Br'.t•r. LANE. I have not askea any favors. 
I T hc Senator from Tennessee has no right to ask 
any for me. I was endeavoring to get the floor 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Scnator 
rose and, I thought, addressed the Chair. 
was mistaken, I am very glad to be corrected. 
Mr. LANE. The Senator was decidedly mis- 
taken. 
I thought the 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
Senator made an effort to obtain the floori and 
was anxious to ITive him my hclp in doino• so. 
IVIr. LANE. I can get it without the Senator's 
hclp, if i get it at all. Mr. President, I only de- 
sire to say that intended to make the samc mo- 
tion that the Senator from Massachusetts has 
I would rather that this subjcct should 
made. 
I hopc I shall have an opportunity of 
go over. 
speaking to the question some day béfo.re 
and whenever i can have the opportunity I shall 
do so. 
his own; certainly of no state I The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. FOOT in 
the chair.) ri'he question is on the of the 
that I know of. But if Tennessee can be kept in 
the Union, and be made the t.Qil end of a Black Senator from Nlassachusctts, that tho further 
Republican confedcration,andVirginiaandMary- li consideration of this sul.)iect bc postponed until 
land and North Carolina can be sloughed off with A'londay next, at one o 'clock. 
The inotion was ag•reed to. 
these other States, then, if the Sonator's amend- 
ments to the Constitution shall be ndoptod, so that 
'.L'AII.IFF. 
every alternate, four years the candidatc Illust be 
offend everybody that you ask for- it, and you 
1 feel 
please everybody when you- appropriate. 
It my duty, after having been engaged threo weeks 
on this bill, to try to get it considered.. There 
are a great many details in it in which the come 
mittee q.vere unanimous that amendmcn.ts ought 
I do not think it will take greaz 
to be made. 
deal of time. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Jf my friend will allow 
me, I will say that am in favoi• of going on with 
this tariff bill at an early day—very sincerely so. 
I an-n us much so, perhaps, us he is; but not hav- 
ing been upon the special committee,- having de- 
clincd that honor, I dil not, perhaps, feel. that 
kind of paternal solicitude about it which the Sen- 
ator from Rhode Island *does. But with regard 
to these appropriation bills, we must pass them 
at some time or other; and I hope wc sliall pass 
the bill which he suggests, or something like it. 
I do not want to have any coiliSion of opinion 
even between him and mc. We arc on the same 
committee. I feel a little more responsibility with 
regard to these other bills than be does. 
say, I will not place myself in the position of op- 
posing anything that he and my other associate 
on that committee [Mr. CAMERON] desire to do; 
but I only say to tl•nnn, while I will go with them 
and will aid them, I think they had better not 
push this Inatter in frontofthe appropriation bills. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 desire to say that 1 have 
t.he honor of being a member of the Committee 
on Finance, and as deeply and sincerely desire 
Mr. G WIN. I want to have an executivc 
that the appropriation bills should pass us any- 
taken from the South, while he will be clccted by 
Very well; I will not body can; but I think it is vastly more important 
session. 
the North, I think it not improbable the Senator 
'i to push forward this tariff bill. As the Senator 
make tho motion. 
from rl'cnnessee might bc President of the Uni- 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 ask the Senate to take up 
ted States that were left. Tl'hat is the way it looks; 
- thc bill which was the special order for yesterday 
but if Tennessee goes out. of this IJnion, " Othel 
v' When the people of at 0 tariff bill 
Io's occupation's gon'c . 
Mr. SUMNER. Make it special 
Tenrlesscc pass that ordinance, if they shall con- 
federate with those other States, that Senator will i i one o 'clock to-mcn•row. 
I wish to leave it 
SIIVINIONS. Oh, no. 
.have sworn to support any constitution the last 
He knows it; he as tbc unfinished business. 
tirnc during his natural lifb. 
Mr. PUGH. 1 hope that bill will not 
His very life, therefore, depends upon 
i up at present. r:L'herc are several of us •who are 
Icecping Tennessee in the Union. 
to undcrs•ttuod the peculiar and com- 
I retort 
He charges these ni0tives upon us. 
ptcx system of taxation int.cndcd to be put on our 
them upon him; and he knows that the retort is 
I wish to be 
(?uc. N'lcn who live in glass houses ought not to i people, and I am not prepared. 
heard against that bill boforo it passes; but I tun 
Elc has not been attacked or as- 
throw' stones. 
sailed I.)Y anybody. He made a speech tbat was not to speak to it to-niorroh,v or the next 
day. 'I'herc certainly can bc no haste about it. 
personally otFensivc to every soy thern State-rights 
bill to remain 
allow the. 
hope thc Scnator wili 
man, to cvcry southern Democrat, ; a speech that 
It was only reported a few 
was offensive to his section; a speech which caused for some dn V s. 
1 think it was first, irillted and laid 
his effigy to be shot, to be hutog•, and to bc burned days '*ince. 
r l'he Senator, as one of 
on the table on N10Y1day. 
in his own State, I do not know by how tnany 
Inav feel that. hc 
has reatcd but onc feeling i v,' ho concocted it, 
'Ill)e speech 
i wish to exam ino it. 
nadersftu)d.s it perfectly. 
roughout the South. Senators here alluded 
ho will not press its considera- 
—Inade no II I hope 
briefly 10 somc portions of it casually 
toonorraw. 
from Rhode Island has justly said, it:is important 
we should havo some money to pay out. The 
other bills make appropriations; but this bill fur- 
nishcs nnoney to the Treasury, It has been here 
now and put back out of its regular order for 
three or four weeks. There is always some good 
reason or Other for having it postponed; and if it 
is left in this way, it n•xay be doubtful about pass- 
ing it. There is no doubt about passing the gen- 
I believe but once in 
eral appropriation bills. 
the whole history of this Government. has a single 
appropriation bill failed. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will'the honorable Sen- 
ator from Pennsylvania allow me to make one 
suggestion ? 
Mr. CAMERON. i will; but I do not give up 
the floor. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 do not desire you to 
I I is simply this: that the Sena- 
yicld the floor. 
atar from Rhode Island sl'iouid make his tariff 
bill the special order for to-inorrow at one o'clock; 
and then , on the motion of the Senator from Maine, 
we can take up the naval appropriation bill to. 
set reply; but he waits until those Senators have 
Ilioht, vv'hich will cause it to come up as the un- 
It IM r. 'I?ICSSENDEN. 1 the 
gone, aud then gets up and assails their private 
have finished business to-morrow; and, after that is 
Rhode Island will not ir:sist. on his 1110tion . 
character; and gels u p, and charrres 
disposed of, tho tariff bill will come up in order. 
UDOII the entire southern-rights party the around for the chairman of the Cormnit- 
tce on Finance, but I do not see him; but I know Nell'. CAMERON. wili agree to tloat with 
unworthy motives in the course they have pnr- 
it is his desire to take up the Navy appropriation 
pleasure. 
I say that, when these issues and facts are 
if we can take it up by pos- II The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
the people will not believe 
presented , 
is on t.hc motion of the Senator from Rhode Island 
I It the Senator from Rhode Island will 
that l, and others who are actil)ff with me, desire 
withdraw his nwtion, I. will move to take up that 
to take up t hc tariff bill. 
a dissolution of the Union to get office. I say, 
bitl to-night, so as to leave .it as the unfinished II Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Pennsylvania 
when it is presented to them, I feel that the Amcr- 
II says this bill has been three or four weeks before 
business. 
ican people will come to the conclusion that the 
It was laid upon our tables printed 
NIL'. S] 'JM MONS. I did not hear what the Sen- 
the Senate. 
desire to take up the tariff bill, and last Monday morning. 
Senator from Tennessee does desire to keep Ten- 
It is a bill that proposes 
nessee in the Union, as the last and only hope of ator said 
to alter the whole revenue system of the coun- 
leave that as the unfinished business for to-mor- 
(uture promotion. 
i! try; to change the entire method of taxation '.vhich 
row mornn•'ff. 
Mr. WILSON. i move, Mr. President, that 
we have had now sincc t hc year 1846; to interfere 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wanted to give notice 
the further consideration of this question bc post- 
with (hc svstem of werehousing as cstal)lishcd:, 
that at time or other we must pat throu«h 
poncd until Monday next, at one o'clock. 
at five, o'cloc.k in the cveningr„ wit,) 
I tell ou•r fi•iend.s on this 
the appro [)riation Is. 
sire, then, to say a few words upon some of the 
barely a quorum of the Senate present, it is pro- 
Sidc of the I-louse. that there is a little 
propositions that have been offered, and I 
they do choose to do it, verv posc.d to takes that bill and make it, t.he special 
this motion for the purpose of (fivino• to-morrow about it. 
order for to-rnorrow, and press it to a vote In ad- 
I sta lid very 
and next day to Qthcr pub}ic r,uslness. 
I can the 
vanc,e of the appropriation bills. 
Mr. JOHNSON, ot•rrennessec. I am in hopes ; I cannot press tbcsc üijt-n•opriation bills, for I havc 
the Senator from Massachusetts will withdraw no right to do so in Cho absence of the chairman; Senator from Rhode Iskand he will make no speed 
.but I can notify our friends that f do consider it by this haste; but if he succeeds in his motion, 
his motion for the present, as I sce and under- 
stand that the Senator from wants the of some importance that they should be taken up and gets it up to-inorro•.v, there will simply be a 
and passed at this session of Congress some time II motion made to postpone it to a further day, 
floor, with a view to unite his effort-s with the Sen- 
allow it to remain until Sena- 
or other, and if they vote to put them off eternally whereas, if he will 
ator who has just concluded his remarks, in reply 
to me. I hope he will withdraw his motion, so 
that the Senator from Oreeon can go on, and when 
they are both done, all shall want will be just 
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator from 
Tennessec that [do not think I oucrht to yield the 
floor for the purpose indicated by him. I desire 
to say a few words on this question, and 1 desire 
that we shall have to-morrow and the ncxtdav to 
•we have 
attend to important pubiie business. 
. for other things they must take the consequences. tors who are opposed to this system can fairly 
examine it, and fairly understand it, they will be 
That i.s all I have to say at)out it. 
ready to debate it with him; and then, when the 
Mr. SIMMONS. I i, would be rather ungra- 
I am one i question shall have been suficiently discussed, it 
cious task for Ine to object to that bill. 
of the Committee on Finance and desire to have can be voted upon. Bat hc will gain nothing by 
thosc bills passed; but it is my opinion that our taking tho advantage of a thin Se'nate to malco It 
friends may find it of some importance to have. a special order for to-morrow; for, as soon as 
I some money in the Treasury to appropriate as there can be a full Senate, I shall move to post- 
pone it, if nobody else does. TN e may just as 
well as to be appropriating it out, as it is always 
rnore pleasant to pay out than to collect. You well let the thing stand. Neither he nor the Sen- 
