792 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 7, 
ator from Pennsylvania can pass that bill without 
debäte; and, when I simply ask, for one, that 
bin •Which proposes to tax by the -lineal foot and 
the square footand the cubic foot, and every other 
imaginable contrivance, shall lie over long enough 
for us to understand what is the amount and rate 
of taxation put upon property, it seems to me an 
appeal that ought to be regarded. -I hope, there- 
fore, that the Senator from Maine will get up the 
åppropriation bill; and, for my part; as soon as I 
can; 'I' *hall -prepare myself to •take p_art. against 
this other 'bill, or at least avainst the general prin- 
ciplés of the tariff. 
Mi. SIMMONS. wish merely to make one 
suggestion .'•The Senator from Ohio says that this 
bili iS suddenly thrust upon him. It was before 
the Senate a good part of last session. Every one 
has had all summer to read it, if they choose to 
read it %an-d understand it. It was postponed until 
the first Mondåy of Decmnber of this session. It 
has been before the Committee on Finance five or 
six wceks, tind then it was referred to the select 
committee. Now I agreed to- postpone the bill 
until to-morrow at one o'clock, in Ordei• that the 
naval appropriation bitl might be taken up to- 
night. i- have not proposed to interfere with the 
Navy bill; but I cannot make a motion here about 
a -bill, but- what somebody opposed to the bili 
wants to find out how to make a speech against 
it before it will come up. 
MI'. PUGH. I want to find out what the bill 
is. I' want to find out what property is to be 
tüCd. I can understand taxing property accord- 
ing•tÖ its value. We put that in a territorial bilt 
the other day; but taxing by the square inch I do 
not understand. 
Mr. SIMMONS. This bill has been reported 
I hope the, question will be takcn. 
over a year. 
Mr. CAMERON. Let us have the question. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
beg leave to suggest to thc Senator from Pennsyl- 
vania that as soon as it is proper, that is, when 
debate ceases, thc Chair will put the qtlestion. 
Mr. LATHAM. i move that the Senate ad- 
journ. It is very evident there is not a quorum 
present. 
The question being put, there were, on a divis- 
ion—ayes 4, noes 20. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The senate 
refuses to adjourn; but there is no quorum present. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will suggest that it is 
perfectly useless for us to waste our strength in 
disputing about this thing. There is no quorum 
hete•,• and' no quorum can be got here. We can 
take up no bill to-night if a division is called for. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 withdraw the motion. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then 1 to up 
the Navy bill. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 hope not. There is not a 
quorum present. Let us ad •ourn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICIER. No motion can 
be entertained in thc present con Jition of the 
Senate, except to adjourn. 
Mr. POWELL. Ihnove that theSenatead.journ. 
The motion agrecd to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
THURSDAY, February 7, 1861 . 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
The Journal ofycstcrday was read and approved. 
CLAIMS UNDER SIOUX TREATY. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House a communication from the act- 
ing Secretary of the Interior, inclosing papers 
relative to certain claims under the Sioux treaty, 
in response to a resolution of the House of Rep- 
resentatives of December 24, 1860; which was 
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and 
ordered to be printed. 
STATE OF THE UNION. 
Mr, MILLWARD presented sundry petitions 
from citizens of Philadelphia, in favor of the 
Union, the Constitution as it is, and thc enforce- 
men't of the laws; which-were laid upon the table. 
Mr. SPAULDING presented a petition from 
sundry citizens of New York, ili favor of the Crit- 
tenderf propositions ; which was laid upon the table. 
TERRITORY OF COLORADO. 
Mr. GROW. 1 ask the consent of the House 
that the bill from the Senate organizing the Ter- 
ritory off Cdlorado be printed. 
There being no objection, it was so ordered. 
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 call for the regular order of 
business. 
PATENTS. 
The House proceeded to the regular order of 
business, being the consideration of Senate bill 
An act to promote the 
(No. 10) in addition to 
progress of the useful arts. " 
Mr. NIBLACK. - I think I said suffeient yes- 
terday to explain the bill and the amendments as 
reported at the-last session. I now call for the 
reading' of the amendments which submitted 
yesterday. 
The amendments were read. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 have only had a short time 
to examine the bill nom.v pending; but discover 
that there is a proposition in it to increase the 
salary of the Commissioner of Patents from 
I to $4,500. The same reasons which would call for 
an increase of the salary of this bureau offcer 
would compel us to increase the salaries of all the 
other bureau offcers under the Government of the 
I doubt not that tho duties of this 
United States. 
offcer are very onerous and arduous in their char- 
acter; but they are not more so than those which 
devolve upon the accounting offcers of the Treas- 
ury Department, through whose omcers all the 
accounts of the expenditures of the Government 
I cannot, therefore, sanc- 
must necessarily pass. 
I also find 
tion the bill •with that provision in it. 
that there is a proposition to add to the number of 
examiners and first and second assistants twelve 
omcers. 
Mr. HOARD. We propose to strike that out. 
Mr. PHELPS. well, sir, 1 desire my 
protest against this increase of the salary of the 
Commissioner of Patents; for if you increase his 
salary, you ought in justice and equity to increase 
the salaries of all the other bureau officers. 
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, objections 
I made by the gen tleman from Missouri were duly 
considered by the Committee on Patents; ana 
after givino• a careful consideration to thc subject, 
it was agreed by the committees of both I-louses 
that an increase of the salary of the Commissioner 
of Patents was in every way desirable and proper. 
'I'his officer does not stand upon the same 
as other heads of bureaus. The Patent Office is a 
self-sustaining institution, and is no tax upon the 
Government. Again, it requires the service of a 
gentleman of peculiar qualifications to discharge 
the duties of this office satisfactorily and well. 
At the present salary, the office of Commissioner 
of Patents is literally going a begging. You cannot 
get any gentleman to hold the office for any great 
length of time. Now, inasmuch as the office pays 
its own expenses, we think it to the interest of in- 
ventors, as well as to the public service, that we 
should pay a salary which will command the ser- 
vices of the very best man for such a place, and 
also to place him in a position, so far as pay is 
concerned , which will make him x.villing to occupy 
the position permanently. 
There is a general provision which must have 
escaped the attention of the gentleman from Mis- 
sourl. That is, that in no event shall the expenses 
of the office oxcced its receipts; and in no event 
If, there- 
can it be a tax upon the Government. 
fore, it be for the interest of inventors and of the 
country generally, that these officers shall receive 
higher salaries, it cannot be an objection that it 
would be a tax upon the Treasury. Nor does the 
objection In regard to the. salaries of other bureau 
officers apply to this; because they are paid out 
of the Treasury of the United States differently 
from the manner in which these offcers are paid. 
Mr. PORTER. Will the receipts be adequate 
to pay these increased salaries? 
Mr. NIBLACK. So far as our information 
goes, they will be sufficient, and will leave a sur- 
plus besides, if the business of the omce does not 
diminish from what it has been several years past. 
Mr. PORTER. Is there any provision made 
in the bill for a deficiency ? 
Mr. NIBLACK. There is not. There is at 
present a large surplus in the Patent Office, held 
there for general purposes. The Patent Offce has 
never beeh a tax on the Treasury of the United 
States; and we provide that it never shall be. In- 
asmuch as there is already a surplus to pay in- 
creased salaries, the Committee on Patents think 
it right and proper that a portion of it, at least, 
shall be expended in this way. So far as the 
librarian is concerned, we propose to increase his 
salary from $1,600 to $1,800 a year. The offce 
of librarian is, perhaps, the third most important 
offce in the bureau, coming after those of the 
Commissioner and chief clerk. His duties have 
been greatly increased during thc last three years. 
He is required not only to be acquainted with 
modern languages, but to give translations of any 
documents called for by the examiner. He has 
also charge, by recent arrangement, of the copy- 
right business. This has increased. his duties; 
and we think there should be a corresponding 
increase of salary. 
This salary question and the last amendment 
are, we think , the only propositions that are likely 
to excite discussion or opposition. The last sec- 
It proposes to 
tion is one of some importance. 
limit hereafter the extension of patents, and is; 
intended to cut off an extension of those mammoth 
patents that have been extended in time.s past. 
am not myself prepared to say that the policy of 
the section is clear; but a majority of the Com- 
mittee on Patents, after giving the subject full con- 
sideration, have come to the conclusion that there 
ought to be some limit to this extension of pat- 
ents, and have instructed me to report the section. 
It provides that no patent shall bc extended here- 
aftev when the net profits of the invention shun 
equal or exceed $100,000. If there be any seyious 
ohiection to that section of the bill, and if it be 
desired to have a separate vote upon it, I have no 
objection. 
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman 
Indiana tell me how much this increase of salaries 
amounts to ? 
Mr. NIBLACK. 
of the Commissioner from #3,000 to $4,500 a yeal , 
that of the chief clerk from $2,000 to 9,500 a 
year, and that of the librarian from $1,600 to 
$1,800 a year. That is all. 
Mr. STANTON. hope that a separate vote 
may be taken on the increase of salaries. 1 think 
the bill is a very valuable one, and one which 
ouz.ht to be passed. But do not want to have 
it mixed up with an increase of salaries. 
opposed •to that entirely. I do not want. salaries 
and I hope the committee will not em- 
incxcased; 
barrass the "eneral law regulatino• the Patent Offc,c 
with a question about salaries. Let that cro inlo 
sorne other bill. 
Mr. NIBLACK. There is difficulty about 
that. The provision for the increase of the sal- 
aries of the Commissioner and chief clerk is con- 
tained in the bill as it passed the Senate. The 
proposition for the increase of the librarian 's sal- 
ary is an amendment reported from the Committee 
on Patents. We cannot, therefore, strike out the 
proposition relating to the salaries of the Com- 
missioner and chief clerk without interfering with 
the original bill. 
Mr. CAREY. What does the Com- 
missioner get now ? 
Mr. NIBLACK. Three thousand dollars; and 
the omce is going a-begg_ing. There is no regalar 
occupant of it; but it is handed about from one to 
another. 
Mr. CARE Y. I believe that Government sal- 
aries are generally much highcr than they ought 
to be ; and,as one of the Republicans of the House, 
I protest, at the advent ofa new Administration, 
aoainst raising the compensation of officers. 
Mr. COX. One word in relation to my col- 
league's remark about salaries. 
If my colleague 
will send for this bill, and examine it, he will see 
that there are additional duties to be performed; 
and, of course, the salaries ought to be increased. 
As to the salary of the Commissioner of Patents, 
"every gentleman in this House knows the respons- 
ibility attaching to that offce. We know, from 
developments made in the public press about 
this McCormick patent, of the responsibility at- 
tachcd to the offce, and which every farmer in 
the United States afiixes to it. We knox,v that a 
man ought to be paid in proportion to the respons- 
ibility and trust he assumes. 
I believe that no 
man who is fit for that ofhcc can be had, unless 
the salary be increased. W c had a distinguished 
gentleman from low'a—Mr. Mason—in the office; 
but he icft. because the salary was inadequate. 
He could make double, or perhaps treble the sal- 
ary by attending to his business, as patent agent. 
As to the salary of the chief clerk, I know' noth- 
