794 
bonds shatlt be made payable only when Congress 
shall- make an appropriation, cannot prevent the 
bill from going to committtee, under the rede•nt 
decision of the Speaker in the parallel case of the 
Pacific railroad bill. 
Mr. COX. I suppose thc House understands 
that, by the estimates which have been before us, 
this -bill will'take from the Treasury some seven 
I think 
million five hundred thousand- dollars. 
we ought-not to consider a bill of this magnitude 
in this, summary manner. 
Mr.'FENTON. Upon the subject of the •point 
of order raised by the gentleman from North Car- 
olina, 1 call the åttentiö.n of -the Chair to the last 
clause ofthe thirteenth section. 
The thirteenth section was agrain read. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 make the PQint of order that 
the bill is obliged to go to tho Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union, because it pro- 
There is a general 
vides for the issue of bonds. 
statute of the United States which authorizes the 
Secretary of the Treasury to pay any outstand- 
ing bonds of the United States out of any surplus 
tf'unds which may be in the 'I'reasury. The pro- 
viso which has been read, therefore, does 110t re- 
lieve the bill from the objection that it rnakes an 
appropriation, because it does not deprive the Sec- 
retary of the Treasury of thc right of paying the 
bonds under the general law. If there shall be a 
surplus in the Treasury, he can apply it for this 
purpose. 
Mr. GROW. I think the gentleman from North 
Carolina is mistaken as to the effect of this pro- 
viso. The general law upon the subject would 
apply to all outstanding bonds against the Gov- 
ernment, if no subsequent law should be passed 
i.nterfering with the exclusive application of that 
law. This proviso declares that the bonds shall 
not be paid under the general law; that they shall 
not be paid until Congress shall make an appro- 
priation for that purpose. It therefore expressly 
takes out of the general rule what would other- 
wise be an appropriation. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 hope the Chair will dc- 
cide the question of order. 
The SPEAKER. It appears to the Chair that 
this case is taken out of the gencral rule, because 
there is an express declaration that the money 
shall not be paid until Congress shall make an up- 
propriation. '1' he Chair therefore decides that 
there is no a ropriatiation made by the bill. 
Mr. STAÆhON. 1 to know of 
tleman from New York, who reported this bill, 
how much money, in his opinion, this bilk will 
take from lhc 'I'reasury? How much will be re- 
quired t.o satisfy the claims under it? 
Mr. FENTON. I cannot answer thc gentle- 
man more definitcly than by rcferriug him to the 
report made by me in the inst session of Con- 
gress, which I send to the Clerk's desk, und ask 
to have read from it the passage I have marked. 
'I'hc Clerk read, 
as follows: 
'l'he whole nutuber of continental officers entitled to 
half pay, according to an estirnat•c [Cvtln.*, is 
which deduct tor thmilies which 
about 2,300 ; 
have, 
become c.xr,iuet, those who died previous to 179.'3, and those 
unable to make out their claitns, sav one halt; ; 
ing the nuznber to be provided ii_DF, 
Assuzning the 
pay of a captain, as the averar-re. at $240 per annuli), 
and the lives of the oiüccrs at twenty years, ten years of 
which is covcrcd by tbc conunutation certificates, aud it 
will require, pay t.hese Inen and their representatives 
within the next vears, the stun or, in round 
nurnbers, 'I'his stun divided aniong twenty- 
seven million, our present. population, would require about 
one cent fronh each inhabitant to cancel the debt." 
Mr. STANTON. Mi•. Speaker, IS 
controversy about the amount that this bill will I 
require to satisfy its provisions. Everybody, how- I 
ever, perceives that it will require at 
I trust, then, that this House is not pre- 
pared to vote out of an almost ernply 
Treasury, without knowincr exactly what the 
object is for which the appropriation is made. 
1 
demand the previous question ou ordering the 
question, 
BRA.NCI-I. Is this bill printed? 
Mr. FENTON. It is. The gentleman can get 
it by sending for printed bill No. 13. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 informed that House 
bill No. ] 3 is not the bill that is now pending; 
that rnaterial alterations have been made in the 
provisions of bill No. 13e. 
Mr. FEN 'I*ON. 'l'he last clause of the thir- 
tcentb section has been modified. 
it is the same 
bill, with that modification. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 7, 
Mr. STANTON. It has been altered so as to 
avoid the rule which requires appropriation bills 
to have their first consideration m the Committee 
of the Whole on the state of the Union. That, I 
I believe, is the only change made in the bill of 
the last session. 
Mr. BRANCH. I am confirmed, then, in the 
fact that the bill before the House is not printed, 
I think there ought 
so that members may get it. 
to be copies of the bill on each member's table 
before we are called on to vote on it. 
Mr. FENTON. The only difference between 
the bill printed at the last session of Congress and 
the one now pending, isa modification of the last 
clause of the thirteenth section. 
Is it a material alteration ? 
Mr. BRANCH. 
It is only 
Mr. FENTON. It is not material. 
in respect of the mode of payment. 
Mr. BRANCEL Let the gentleman explain 
the nature of the modification. 
If we ate now to 
be called to vote on the bill, I should like to know 
wherein this bill differs from that which has been 
printed. 
Mr. FENTON. 1 will send the modification 
to the Clerk, so that he n•ay read it to •the House. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
SEC. 13. ad-nd be it further cnacted, That the Secretary of 
the 'J'reasury Inay, in his discretion, and is here.hy author- 
ized to pay the claims allowed by this act in stock of the 
United States, which shall be issued for the amount of each 
and ail sums which rnay be föund due said claimants under 
this act, in sueb tunounts as said Secretary shali deem 
of the House to introduce the following resolu- 
tion : 
Resolved, That Tuesday of next week be set apart for the 
transaction of business pertaining to the District of Co- 
Mr. SIMMS. 1 object. 
AMENDMENT OF CONSTITUTION. 
lirir. VALLANDIGHAM. With the consent 
of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. DAus,] 
who ho•lds the floor, I desire to ask unanimous 
consent to submit the following proposed amend' 
ments to the Cönstitütion, differing materially 
from any yet offered. I ask that they may be 
printed, and that gentlemen will be kind enough 
to read and consider them with candor. As soon 
I next week as 1 can obtain the floor, I propose to 
proper, payable in fifteen years from their date, with inter- 
cst at the rate of six per centum per annum, and made pay- 
able to t.hc several creditors, their administrators, execu- 
tors, or their legally authorized attorneys, or either of then), 
a«rceably to the twelfth section of this act, as soon as said 
several clai:ns shall have been allowed by the afbrcsaid 
accounting officer: Provided, 'I'h•at nothing herein con- 
tained shall prevent the United States from redeeining said 
stock at any tune during the pleasure of the Government of 
the United States. 
The modifications made in that section by the 
pending bill, are as follows: 
payablc in fiftecn years frorn their 
Stri out the words 
date ; ' ' and strike out the proviso, and in lieu thereof in- 
sert the 
Provided. Said stock shall be redeemed at such time as 
Congress shall Knakc appropriation t.herefi)l, and not sooner. 
l'•y/lr. COX. I wish to say a word about this 
bill becore the ycas and nays are taken on order- 
I believe it is substan- 
ino• the main question. 
tially the same bill which was introduced in the 
I think 
Senate the Thirty-Fourth Congress. 
it is the same one, or substantially so. Perhaps 
it calls for a littlc rnore rnoney. I think that the 
officers who fell in the xvar of the Revolution are 
also included in this bill. ' r.hpy• were not included 
in the bill passed in. one branch during the T ha ty 
Fourth Congress. In the rcport ofa speech made 
by Senator CLAY, of Alabuna, I find an estimate 
made by the Commissioner of Pensions, as to the 
amount of Inoney this bill will require. I am not 
going to argue whether the bill is just or equita- 
i only Inake the point Ibat it is not now the 
proper litne, under the haste and pressure of the 
previous question, to consider a bill which the 
Comniissioner of Pensions says involves the sum 
of $5,314,250. Mr. CLAY included also those who 
fell in the battles of the Revolution, anci added 
onc hundred per cen t. to that calculation, and then 
the bill would take $7,500,000 to meet its demands 
upon the 'Treasury. I ask whether, if the bill be 
passed or not, it ought not first to' have mature 
consideration ? If it has there is much 
to be said on both sides—let it not be hurricd 
through in this uusatisfäc.tory manner. 
Thé SPEAKER stated that the morning hour 
had expired, and that the question in order was 
the consideration of the report of the select com- 
mittee of thirty-t.hree. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, obtained the floor. I 
STATE OF TI-IE UNION. 
Mr. CORWIN. With the consent of thegen- 
t!eman from Maryland, I wish to announce to the 
House that I do not intend to call the previous 
question to-day on the report ot the select com- 
mittee of thirty-three. By the advice of many 
gentlemen who desire to speak on the subject, I 
speak in their support. 
No objection being made, the joint resolution 
was received, and ordered to be prmted. It is as 
follows: 
Joint resolution proposing amendments to tho Constitution. 
M' hercas the Constitution of the United States is a grant 
of specific powers delegated to the Federal Government by 
the people of the several States, all powers not delegated 
to it nor prohibited to the States being reserved to the 
States respectively, or to the people; and whereas it is the 
tendency of stronger governments to enlarge their powers 
and jurisdiction at the expense of weaker governments, 
and of majorities to usurp and abuse power and oppress 
Ininorities, to arrest and hold in check which tendency 
cmnpacts and constitutions are xnade; and whereas the 
only effectual constitutional security for the rights of 
minoritics, whether as people or as States, is the power 
expressly reserved in constituti01'1s of protecting those 
rights by their own action ; and whereas this mode of pro- 
teetion by checks and guarantees is recognized in the Fed- 
cral Constitution, as well in the ease of tbe equality of the 
States, in representation and in suffrage in the Senate, as 
in the provision for overruling the veto of the President, 
and for amending the Constitution, not to enumerate. other 
examples ; and whereas, unhappily, because of the vast ex- 
tent and diversified interests and institutions of the several 
States of the Union, sectional divisions can no tonoer he, 
suppressed; and whereas it concerns the peace and stability 
of the Federal Union and Government that a division of 
the Statcs into mere slaveholding und non-slaveholdingsec- 
fions, causing hitherto, and from the nature and necessity 
of the case, iuflannnatory and disastrous controversies upon 
tho subject of slavery, ending already in present disrup- 
tion of the Union, should be fOrcver hereafter ignored ; and 
whereas this irnportant end is best to be attained by the 
reconnition ot• other sections without regard to slavery, 
neither of which sections shall alone be strong enough to 
oppress or control the others, and cach be vested with the 
power to protect itself t•ronl aggressions: 'I'herefore, 
Be it resolved the Senate and House Qf Representatit•es 
of the United Stat-cs q/ Jlmcrica in Congress assembled. (two 
thirds of both Houscs concurring,) 'l'irat the following ar- 
tieles be, and are hereby, proposed as amendments to the 
Constitution of the United States, which shall be valid LO 
all intents and purposes as part of. said Constitution when 
ratified by convcntions in three iOurths of the several 
States : 
ARTICLE X Ill. 
SEC. 1. The United States are divided into four sections, 
as ft)llows : 
States of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massa- 
chusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut. New York, New Jer. 
scy, and Pennsylvania, and all new States annexed and 
adtnitted into the Union, or formed or erected •within the 
jurisdiction of any of said States, or by the junction of two 
or Inore of •the saine or of parts thercof, or out of territory 
acquired north of said States, shall constitute one section, 
to be known as the NORTH. 
'lthe t;tatcs of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wis- 
I i consin, Minnesota, Iowa und Kansas, and all new States 
annexed or adn)itted into the Union, or erected within the 
jurisdiction of any of said States, or by thc junction of two 
or Inore ot- the saine or of parts thereof, or out of territory 
t;osv held or hereafter acquired north of]atitude 360 301 and 
east of the crest of the Rocky Mountains, shall constitute 
another section, to be known as the MrTEST. 
States of Oregon and Califörnia, and all new States 
annexed and ad:nitted into the IJnion, or formed nr erected 
within the jurisdiction of any of said Stat.es, or by the junc- 
tion of two or of the same or of parts thereof, or (jut 
of territ.ory now held or hereafter acquired west of the crest 
of the. Rocky Monurains and of the Rio Grande, shall con- 
stitute another sectiotl, to be known as the PACIFIC. 
States ot- Deiaware, Maryland, V irgiuia, North Car- 
oiina, South Carolina, Georaia, Florida, Alabama, Nlissis- 
Louisiana, 'I'exas, Arkansas r.['cnnessee, Kentucky, 
and Missouri, and ali new States annexed arid admitted into 
the Union, or fOnned or erected within the jurisdiction ot• 
any of said States, or by the junction of two or more of the 
saine or of parts thereof, or out of territory acquired cast of 
the Rio Grande and south of }atitude 360 30', shall consti- 
tute another section, to he known as the SOUTH. 
SEC. 2. On demand of one third of the Senators of any 
one of the sections on any bill, order, resolution, or vote, 
to which the concurrence of the House of Representatives 
may be nccessary, except on a question of adjournment, a 
vote Shail be had by sections, and a majority of the Sena- 
I tors fronl each section votiug shall be necessary to the pag- 
wiH give notice that I will not call the previous sage of such bill, order, or resolution, and to Ibe. validity of 
question until to-morrow week. At that time I 
i every such vote. 
hope, all gentletncn who desire to speak will have 
SEC. 3. "I'woof the electors for President and Vice Pres- 
II ident shall be appointed by each State in such rnauner as 
spoken, and the House be ready to take a vote. 
f the _L,egislaturc thereof' lnay direct, for the State at large. 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS. 
'l'he other electors to which each State- ilia y be entitled, 
shall be ehoscn in the respective congressional districts 
Mr. KILGORE. I ask the unanimous consent into which the State may at the regulaä• decennial period 
