THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
February 7, 
might. give my, assent to—some of the declara- 
'resolutions of the committee. They are 
very proper as adeclaration of sentiment in a pri- 
vate caucus or in at town meeting; but they an- 
swer no #ppropriate end .here. They may be re- 
go-morrow. They give no security against 
whaét may happen hereafter. They are desired 
by nobody; *Sked for by nobody; and will have 
no prectieäl result. therefore feel constrained to 
vote against every: measure of compromise which 
has been offered. 
A-gain think the day for compromises is past. 
They have proved hitherto mere delusions, sus- 
,tained only SQ long -as , they did not stand in the 
way of any favorite pofiOy of a majority. Take 
the; mostAolemn of them all—the Missouri com- 
prqmiwpf -1820; it stood while nobody was in- 
tens-ted inprocuring its repeal ; it stood un til party 
iitérest demanded that it should be broken down ; 
and then, without regard to the sanctity of the 
compact—an old compact, under whicll benefits 
lesslystricken down. That act shocked the moral 
sense of the people. I said then, as I say now, 
that it removed the existing barrier between any 
feelings which we entertained in regard to the right 
of Tecritories south of that line to come into the 
Union as slavc States. It opened the whole ter- 
ritoriql question upon its merits. It enabled us 
tQ sgy-, if slavery was good south of that line, it 
WAS .g.oodo noeth of that *line; and .it enabled us 
also to sayifit was:a political, amoral , and a social 
evil north of an imaginary degree of latitude, it 
WAs.,gqually political, moral, and social evil 
southiot.thAt line. 
-gay again, that nota single Representative of 
any southern State is able to give any assurance 
whatever that the adoption of any of the meas- 
ures recommended by the committee's report 
would either induce one rebel State to return to 
its allegiance or secure the loyalty of a single onc 
which yet remains true to the Government. Who 
is to say that when we have debased ourselves by 
yielding to these compromises with slavery, thul 
a single State. upon the other side is to be bound 
by -our action, or even influenced -in any decisive 
degrees -by what we shall do here? Sir, it is a 
dmogerous principle to amend or abolish laws 
under excitement, or from impulse, or frorn fear, 
and much more is it dangerous to alter our orcranic 
lawr—thc Constitution. 
rl'ho proposed amcnd- 
ment of the Constitution is to pacify a mere im- 
agipm•y fem•- for the future, and lull apprehensions 
of-events •which will never take place. 
It is not 
no one claims the power which this 
amendment.denies. 
But if,I am mistaken in- all this', if it is impos- 
sible.to say :what may be the future complication 
of events, and how it may affect us; if it is im- 
possible to see that what looks like good now 
may not, prove hurtful to-morrow; if it should 
out In the future t}-uxt some two or th 
of these States should 
desire e , and 
should desire to be aided in tbC11' en•orts by the 
General Government; you pcrceive that this 
amendment ties their hands, stifles thcir voices, 
and prevents us from affording them the aid which 
they may unanimously desire, until the remotest 
State upon the Gulf is satisfied to allow them to 
inaugurate and carry out a system of emancipa- 
ti.pn. 
For these reasons, I am opposed to any alter- 
ation of the Constitution. 
If this amendment to 
the Constitution does Tive an additional guaran tee 
to. the institution of slavery; if it docs Inalce the 
task ofemancipati ng the slaves in any State harder 
arid more difficult; if it protracts then• bondage for 
one single day in any State of this Corifedcracy; 
therA am opposed to it upon principle; and I 
would, rather my right arm should drop from its 
socket than to- Hdrnic the principle that by consti- 
tutional amendment, or by a legislative enact- 
ment,-you can add. one single hour of slavery to 
any human being on any *pot of tho earth which 
God 's sun visits. 
Again sir: as to the New Mexican project, I 
say that it necessarily cheats one side or the other. 
f must use good, bold English in regard to this 
matter, or I shall not talk about it as understand 
slave State, yet nobody can deny the fact that it 
is offered to the South as a concession—a yielding to 
them Of the Territories of New Mexico and Ari- 
zona. The people of the slave States will so un- 
derstand it. 
If they can be deceived in regard to 
the purposes of the Republican party, spread out 
as they are in the sun, so that the wayfaring man, 
though a fool, need not err in regard to them; if 
they can be made to believe that we are to assail 
then' institutions by Federal legislatioR; that we 
are to attack them within the boundaries of the 
States ask if they are not compelled to believe, 
when you offer this to them asa measure of peace, 
that they are to have it as a slave State, for their 
property to go to, for them to establish their in- 
stitutions in; and yet you will go home to the 
North and say that, •aithough we have yielded 
what they demanded on the subject of slavery in 
the Territories by allowing them io bring in a State 
already Inarkcd for slavery by an inhuman code, 
such as few other States can show; although vve 
had been derived upon one side—it was remorse- I have done this, although we have consented that 
a State may come into the Confederacy without 
sufficient population, without the means of carry- 
ing on a State government at all, yet we did it for 
the purpose of deceiving the Sputh, and letting 
them imagine thata tub was thrown to the whale, 
when, after all, we meant it as a gilded and barbed 
hook. 1' do not believe in such legislation as this. 
i do not believe it is honest. I do not believe it is 
fair. 
I do not belicvc you can justify yourselves 
in the face of an honest con*stituency for offering 
a measure of this kind as a measure of peace. 
Why, you know that whenever this State comes 
here with a free constitution, and- is admitted as 
a State, you will be reproached for your perfidy; 
and you cannot stand up in the face of outraged 
southern constituencies and say, we did not in- 
tend to deceive you in this matter. 
It is impos- 
siblc that any honest man should do it. 
Again: I am opposed to this measure, because 
I do not desire to sec a competition for New Mex- 
. ico between the free and the slave powers of this 
Confederacy. I do not desire to see again re- 
peatcd upon this continent the fraud and force 
and corruption of Kansas; the strife of emigration 
—armed, contentious, vindictive, and sectional. 
But it is said that it is only a small sacrifice— 
0111 y two hundred and forty thousand square miles 
which this barbarous code of New Mexico covers 
—which enables a mun only over that small area I 
to scourc»o, and stripe labor, and wring from it 
unrequited toil; and it is very poor land at that. 
Why, sir, I care not if, instead of twenty-four, 
there was but a si ngle slave upon that soil, never 
would consent to the admission of that State until 
those barbarous laws were repealed. I nevcr 
would consent to it under any supposed obliga- 
tion under tbc orcranic act of 1850, or any compact 
anywhere. I say that New Mexico should come 
I this Congress, or whatever Congress she 
approaches, for admission as other States come; 
and when she con•rs, she shall be tricd upon her 
merits. 
If she is found wanting in any of the 
particu lars which were so pertinaciously required 
of Kansas, she shall not have admission to this 
Union by ny vote or rny influence. And yet, we 
are cntreat,ed to yield this small Territory to sla- 
very, and to settle this question upon that basis. 
Commerce approaches us, and takes us upon a 
very high hill, and shows us these broad and 
splendid fields of cotton, with their 
rivulets of 
silver, and the golden sunsets beyond, and asks 
us if wo cannot givc even this boon to satisfy the 
South. Commerce would say, " Cheat the South, 
if you will; but get the bill passed, and the Union 
saved, and then start your emigration societies, 
and your nneans for making it what you avow it 
is your design to make it here on this floor—a 
free State." 
But I must pass frorn this topic. I am opposed 
to compromise; because I believe the complaints, 
as staled by the members of this committee to have 
becn brought beföre them, are utterly groundless, 
and thc proposed remedies puerile. 
It does not 
touch the matter in controversy. And here my 
learned friend from Massachusetts [Mr. ADAMS] 
witl pardon me for saying that I have read with 
great interest his historical parallel to show that 
it. It is offered, if the committee mean anything, a strong and proud nation should not despise even 
as a compromise, as a cvcession; and although I trivial and groundless complaints. I do not so 
men may. stand up in their places and say that I read the history of the Revolution of our fathers. 
1 do not understand that they went to war upon 
they think-New Mexico svill be a free tale, that 
t:hey think it Mill not come into the nion asa trivial and groundless complaints. 
I do not un- 
derstand that that great contest was a mere con- 
test about a three•cent duty on tea, or a stamp 
upon paper, or a duty imposed upon window 
glass; but I do understand it to have been a con- 
test for a great principle, going to the very foun- 
dation of organized civil society. understand 
that the Parliament of Great Britain asserted the 
right, in all cases whatsoever, to tax, or, in other 
words, to legislate for, the colonies, and this-with" 
out any representation upon their part; and that 
they, irnbucd with the true principles of Englis'h 
liberty—the principle which established the right 
of revolution at home, which led them abroad to 
Holland, and again across the trackless waste of 
waters to this country—contended for the ever- 
living principle of freedom, that taxation should 
be accompanied in all cases by representation; 
that they contended for that principle, and that 
submission to laws among freemen implied a voice 
in their enactment. There is no lesson in history 
which teaches that compromise or concession to 
the groundless demands or complaints of equat 
States, not only fully represented, but with more 
than an equal representations based not only on 
persons, but upon their propertso and who have 
exercised throughout all our history to the pres- 
ent time a controlling influence upon our legisla- 
tion and upon the foreign and domestic policy of 
the Government, are to be dignified by a compar- 
ison with the complaints of an oppressed people 
who were denied all representation by those who 
sought to govern them. 
But we are told that the great Lord Chancellor 
of England, 
" The greatest, meanest of mankind," 
advised yielding something to discontentments. 
Now, I think, with all due deference to superior 
learning, that he never advised yielding to insolent 
demands from a discontented people, nor yet to 
change the British constitution and laws, to re- 
move discontentments föunded on no possible 
rightful complaints. 
I hardly think that, at this 
day, you will find a British statesman, of approved 
sense and wisdom, who would advise concession , 
a change in the time-honored constitution, and 
a reconstruction in their laws, bccause thc clans 
of Scotland , asserting their ancient independence, 
should again rally on their mountains, and come 
down with anns, to demand guarantees for rights 
which nobody threatened, 
relief from laws by 
which nobody was oppressed , and security against 
events which it was perfiwtly impossible should 
ever happen. 
Dut., sir, I am profoundly impressed with the 
wisdom of the saying, that " the surest way to 
prevent sedition, (if the times do bear it,) is to 
take away the matter of it; f'ör if there bo fuel pre- 
d, it is hard to tell whence the spark shall 
e that shall set it on fire." Tell me whence 
comes the spark which has set this country in a 
blaze? What is the " matter of sedition " in our 
day that should be removed " if the times do bear 
it What is there, beyond these trivial and 
groundless complaints, beyond these discontents 
that appear on the surface? What is there in this 
country, which is always a magazine, not merely 
of prepared fuel, but of the dryest powder, which 
a single spark might explode, to thc destruction 
of this whole Confederacy? What is it that, in 
the whole course of our history, has alone threat- 
cned the liberty, the Union, the prosperity of this 
country? What is it, that in 1811—nay, before 
that—and in 1820, in 1832, in 1850, in 1860, has 
been perpetually threatening the liberties of this 
country? Does anybody wait fbr an answer? 
Does anybody desire to know to what I point? 
It is the institution of slavery, inwrought into the 
very framework of our Gove rnment, covering .wi lh 
a black pall nearly one half of this Confederacy, 
jealous of its rights, inflammable, unreasonable, 
easily excited, with cause or without. 
No, sir, we need fear no foreign war. We need 
fear no aggression from without. The armies of 
the world may invade us. Our fortifications may 
be in the hands of the traitors who have now 
wrenched them from the Federal Government; 
they maybe sunk in the sea, with our ships; and 
yet, so long as the red school-house stands on our 
hills, we are invincible, unconquerable by any for- 
eign force, or any foreign element of power that 
may be brought against us. But what is it that 
rupting the very life-blood of the Confederacy ? 
Need 1 answer acrain, it is that accursed institu- 
