798 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 7, 
her-»road fields left a sea of blackened desolation ; 
that; lookingabroad from her. hills, such a scene 
of-Isrmoking ruins was beheld as the v,zorld will 
riever see again until the hordes of Africa are 
driven, by intolerable cruelty, to take arms aoainst 
their Oppressors. Nor can gentleman forget, who 
haye studied the downfall of that Roman empire, 
-thåt slavery ana luxury, havin5 corrupted and 
eaten out the vitals of the empire, 
plunged her into the darkness of the middle ages; 
and lit.ik left-for our day, while the blessings of 
slav.efy: afe being Commended to.us in the Con- 
gress United States_, witness the great 
apbStlé. of-mbdéi'n liberty and equality (Garabald i) 
reésiablishing the unity of Italy , and revi vi ng, with 
fhéir divie#e, spifit; the desolate fields of Rome. 
Sift', -the- sentiment bf union is strong in this 
co-ungr.y; but' the sentiment of liberty, thank God, 
is stronger.. We desire union; but we witl have, 
liberty; atid we are dotertnined, come union or 
disui)ion, to retain and reémblazon the old em- 
blems; bring back the. old couraoe; revivc the old 
virtue. of public faith, honesty, and integrity. 
MT e will preserve what we can of our glorious 
inheritance; and if we must. look upon a disrnem• 
bered and broken Confederacy, still 
we wili press 
The gö\den- clusier of our brave old flag 
closer •union ; and, if numbering less, 
nrigbter shall shino the stars which still remain." 
ME. obtained the floor. 
A' It is now near the hour for taking 
-recess. 
Mr. VANDEVER. elf the House witl 
•it; I {voüld prefer that my remarks should be 
to-morrow. 
* Mf: JENKINS. I hope we will not adjourn. 
his chance with other 
The a•ent-lemal) must, take 
mem jers about gettincy the floor. 
Mr. VANDEVER. Buta short while 
before th-e' hour for taking a recess, and I do not 
Care to go on, and after hiaking a few remarks be 
compelled tb yield the floor to recommence them 
in the evenincr session. 
Mr. PRYOR. I move that the House do now 
adjourn. 
M-i•. JENKINS. If we adjourn now, it will not 
be -until this evening but until to-morrow. 
Thé queStion:was taken; and the House refused 
to adjourn. 
Mr. VANDEVER. Several gentlemen desire 
to have sonic small matters of business brought 
to tho attention of the House, which will occupy 
the time up -tb the hour for a recess; and w Ill, 
With -the consent of the House, yield to them for 
thiiépurfrose. 
; Theie was no objection.' 
JOHN WILSON. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the House to toko up and put on its pas- 
sao•e a joint resolution in favor of John Wilson, 
reported by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. 
HuTCHINs,] from the Committee of Claims 
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House pay to John Wil- 
son, out of the contingent fund of' the House, for his ser- 
vices in superintending and directing the preparation of the 
maps of the land States, fhr the use of the Committee on 
Public Lands, ordered by resolution of the House of May 
4, 1848, at the rate of $1,500 per annum,-frmn May 4, 1848, 
to January 14, 1852, during which tune he was engaged in 
that serviee. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object to that resolution. 
There is no merit in it. Wilson was paid -his 
regular salary, and he is not entitled to more, un- 
less this I-louse is resolved to pay double salaries. 
WILLIAM D. DODD AND OTHERS. 
X'ft•. ALDRICH. I ask the unanimous consent 
Of the House that the Committee of the -Whole 
House on the Private Calendar be discharged from 
the further consideration of House bill No. 732, 
I for the relief of William R. Dodd and others, and 
that it. be referred to the Committee on Military 
Affairs. There is some new evidence that ought I 
to be looked into. 
I There was no objection; and it was ordered 
accordingly. 
FALSE STAMPS, ETC. 
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the House that the Committee ofthe Whole 
on the state of the Union be discharged from the 
farther consideration of House bill No. 330, to pre- 
vent and punish frauds in the use of false stamps, 
brands, labels, or Trade marks, in order that it 
may be put on its passa«ye. 
Mr. BURN E.T'II. Congress has no power to 
I object. 
legislate for the States on that subject. 
Mr. MOREHEAD. Other gentlemen who 
who thought so have, after examination, with- 
(l rawn their opposition. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 cannot withdraw my 0b- 
the form of our Government is i 
joc,tion until 
chano•ed. 
COLLECTION on REVENUE, 1 tc 
I Mr. SICKLES. I ask unanimous consent to i 
introduce a resolution identical in terms with the 
onc I offered on Monday week, calling for inform- 
ation from the r I'reasury Department, which was 
rendered more than ever necessary by the dis- 
cussion which took place between the gentleman 
frotn North Curtilina [Mr. 'WINSLOW] and rny- 
self the other day. will tend to give official 
eight dollars per month, from the 1st of January, 
1861, during his natural life. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, offliinois. How many 
children has he? [Laughter.] 
Mr. STOKES. has several children. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then he 
ought to have his pension. 
No objection being made, the bill was received. 
Mr. STOKES. move to amend bill by 
striking out " eiffht," and inserting " six;" so 
that the pension shall be six dollars pet month. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 did the pen- 
Sion is to commence. 
Mr. STOKES. On the 1st of January, 1861. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and 
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was 
accordingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the bill was passed; and atso• moved to lay 
the motion to reconsider upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
CRITTENDEN COMPROMISE. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, by unanimous con- 
the county of Rockingham, praying for the adop- 
tion by Congress of the Crittenden compromise 
resolutions; which was laid on the tab\e. 
THOMAS 11. BAIRD. 
Mr. McKNIGH'r. 1 ask the House to take 
up, aud put upon its passao•e., a small private bill. 
The bill (H. R. No. 836) for the relief of 
Thomas H : Baird, administrator of Dr. Absalom 
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to readjust 
the settlement made with Thomas H. Baird, ad- 
ministrator of Dr. Absalom Baird, under an act 
of Congress approved August 18, 1856, and pay 
Thomas H. Baird any amount withheld from-him 
on {Ormer settlements, in consequence ofa balance 
standing on the, books of the Treasury a«yainst 
Thomas H . Baird and George Baird. 
Mr. McKNIGI-IT. One word in explanation 
of that bill. 
Mr. BURNETT. The notc.x- 
plain. This is one of those revolutionary claims 
which will be included in the bill which was 
reported this 
Mr. McKNlGHT. 1 have the floor. 
BURNETT. 1 object to the bill being 
taken up. 
Mr. McKNlGHT. Ishould suppose the gen- 
tleman, as a matter of courtesy, after what he 
told me the other day, would allow me a moment 
for e.x»lanation. 
inforn'iation in reiu•ence to matters about which Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to the 
ure a great rnany unreliable newspaper 
gentleman s making an explanation. 
FRANKING PRIVILEGE. 
Mr. McKNiGILiT. This is a much stronger 
Mr. VALLANDIGÆIAM. Mr. Speaker, at 
rumors. 
mentioned in the report, in 
r.Llhe Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
case than the one 
t-hc:last session of Congress the bill relating to tii0 
which Attorney General Black gave an opinion. 
Resolecd, 'Phat the Secretary of the 'I'rcasury bc requested 
franking privilege was postponed to the - fourth 
Tlthis is a case in which the heirs were allowed 
'I'he bill is printed, and this I louse whether the duties imports con- 
Tuesday of December. 
collected in the ports ni.• entry established by 
$25,000. r Chey have been paid all but $5,000; and 
I inue 1.0 bc 
the report accompanying it is also As 
in tho States of South Georgia, AlaE)ama, 
t hp Department undertook to set ao•ainst that u 
tho chairman of the selcct c.omtnittce on the sub- 
Louisiauh, alid and whether any hindrances exist 
and to tho law of entry and clearing of vessels therein-. Also, 
claim aøainst one of the executors. Of course, 
ject, I am- ready to that bill taken up, 
that is illegal. The. amount is due under an act 
light-houses, beacons, and 
present, condition ot• 
1 give this not.iee, because, at 1,110 
considered. 
harbors and adjaecnr, waters. Also, what 
of Congress. There is a balance in the rrreasury; 
buovg in the 
last session, there were intimations that the pur- 
toeasures, it' any, have been taken to secure the revenue 
vessels in the service ot• the Deparunent seizure, or but the present Secretarv said he had no right to 
pose of sendino• the bill to n select connnittco was 
revieiv the decision of his predecessor, though he 
to suppress it. .1'hat was not, purpose. Good t!) recover of such as have been seized. 
what. lueasures ve beca ado peed for the security of t.hc 
bad no doubt it was wrong. And Attorney Gen- 
faith now requires that should notify the House 
public Ilioneys in t_he. hands of depositaries in the aforesaid 
eral Black said that it wus clear that tho f)epart- 
that I ready; at any time, to brino• up the (ll.uus- 
States, and 'vhethcr they ave available to the 'Ih•easury. 
tion, and have it disposed of, if that be the desire whether the and control ot• any of the rnat•ine i ment had ho riæht to offset that claim. I hope, 
Of-members. 
LIEUTENANT T. A. M. CRAVEN. 
have been intertored therefore, there will be no objection to taking up 
hospitals, permanent or telnporary, 
and what proceedings have been adopted with refer- 
, the bill. 
with, 
ence thereto. 
The SPEAKER. Is objection made? 
r object. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. 
Mr." WINSLOW. I ask the unanimous con- 
I made an objection, in the 
Mr. BURN ETT. 
IVIt•. SICKLES. If we, are not allowed io got 
seni of the. House to take up Senate joint resolu- 
most unmistakabic language. 
official information, then we must not bc blamed 
Lion No. : 58, authorizing Lieutenant T. A. N'l. 
'I"hc I-louse then took a recess until scven 
if we rely on the best, information we can get. 
Craven, United States Navy, to receive certain 
o'clock, p. m. 
I give notice that on Monday next I will endeavor 
marks-of distinction tendered to him by the Span- 
ish Government, that it mav be put on its pas- to get asuspci'lsion of the rules for the purpose of 
EVENfNG SESSION. 
It is right and propei• that the resoluüon W introducing that resolution. 
sacre. 
The House resumed its session at seven o 'clock, 
should be passed. 
p. 1M. , (Mr. NIBLACK in the chair as Speaker pro 
JOIIN ROGERS, 
There was no objection; and the resolution was 
I M.r. STOKES. I ask the unanimous consent II tempore,) arid continued the consideration of' the 
taken up. 
of the House to allow mc to make a report from special order, boing the report. of' the conunittee 
The resolution, -which was read by the Clerk, 
I can ex- of thi'ty-lhree on the disturbed condition of the 
the Committee on Invalid Ponsions. 
authorizes Lieutenant T. A. M. Craven to accept 
plain it in a moment, and i am satisfied that every country 
frotn the Spanish Government a medal and di- 
Mr. CAREY Mr. Speaker, in this and 
ploma, tendered in acknowledgment of services member upon this floor will agree to pass the bill. 
rendered by him to the seamen of the Spanish T.åe bill (H. R. No. 924) granting an invalid important crisis of our country's history, I have 
vessel Bella, wrecked on Cayo Unicos, in June pension to John Rocrers, of Tennessee, was read felt it my duty to make a few remarks, 
that my constituents may understand precisely 
It directs the Secretary of the 
for information. 
The resolution was ordered to be read a third Interior to place the name of John Rogers on the II where stand upon this important question. 
time; and, being read the third time, it was passed. l; pension roll of the United States, at the rate of have thought I could communicate with them in 
