1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
799 
this wav more conveniently and more fully• than a Territory into the Union in any part of the 
I could •by writing to them individually. 
country, if you will take a proper view of it. 
I 
It is natural, Mr. Speaker, on all great ques- 
was taught to believe that Congress had no right 
tions, for men to differ. Adrnit that all men are to dict.ate to a State seeking admission into the 
equally honest and intelligei)t: there appears to be Union what should be the provisions of her con- 
a kind of fatality in mankind; and in the most im- stitution; and even if Congress had such power, 
portant questions where the ir)terests of the whole no man det)ies that the State would have a right, 
country are involved, a great many different opin- 
as soon as it became a State, to form its own in- 
ions prevail as to the mode and manner in which 
stitutions. All our difficulties upon this question 
the disease should he treated. I an') precisely like have grown out of the fact that we have not re- 
other men in some respects; and, where I differ 
lied upon the Constitution•of our country. I rec- 
We-found, t h at Exec titive •making agreements with 
traitors to the in defianceoft.he. Con- 
stitution of the United States. •Well, sir, the 
Republican party are called upon heal this 
brepch. Have you ever heard of. anything. so 
perfectly ridiculous? My blood chills in my veins 
some days here, when I hear sensibleand honest 
men talk as they do upon this subject. Now, 
, it is an insult to the party that has been, in 
power. That thisfanatical Republican party,with- 
out power, have been able to control the Govern- 
from others. do not claim that I am positively ollect the controversy that commenced in 1819 as ment, is very singular. 
J am wiiling to give every man the righc, well as if it were but yesterday. I know all about' But wearetoldverypathetically,andinveryelo- 
to think and act for himself, and he must be r 
the feeling then. I have passed through many of 
sponsible for his acts, as I to be resp 
, the crises growincr out of this slavery question, 
ible, not on! v to my constituents and t my I and I have never seen the necessity for the intense 
country, but •to my God, for my acts h •c and excitement which has prevailed. I believe that, 
elsewhere. 
in the oro•anization of this Government, it was 
There is not a Inan here, or in thö country, w ao i distinctly understood that the extension of slavery 
feels the importance of the times more than I do. was to be suppréssed. That was the rule adopted 
II 
There is no man in the country that has greater 
in the early history of the country; and we never 
reason for attachment to this country than I have. 
had any diffculty on the subject until 1820. NO 
1 am one of the oldest men in the House of Rep- one ever doubted the right of Congress to govern 
I went into the wilderness when I 
resentatives. 
the territory northwest of the Ohio river. 
It is 
wasa boy—less than six years of age; and in that the departure from the practice of our ancestors, 
Territory, where there were then but twenty-five 
the intermeddling with the provisions of the Con- 
or thirty thousand inflabitants, there are now more stitution by adopting ccnnpromises, that has 
than nine million people. 
I have probably wit- brouz•ht us into our present condition. 
nessed as great physical improvements in the 
What, in the name of God, did we establish-the, 
country as any man will ever live to see—I mean Constitution for, if, tho Inonu.,nt wegetinto a fever- 
in the physical developments and resourccs of the ish and excited stat.e 
the. present, sve aban- 
country. was brougl'lt up from the cradie to don it, and make platformsand planks on which we 
look pon the Government of United States, 
may crawl out of these difficulties? Suppose the 
and the Union of the States, as of the uttnost im- Legislature, caned touether under the constitution 
portance to the people under it. I have believed, of a State to make laws, were to say to the people, 
until within a few months, that it was strong, and 
you are supren'\0, we will just let you do as you 
that there was no party and no set oc nwn that I 
please ; 
and every time you have any difficulty, 
would be able to break it down in this age; and we will give you a ccn-nproraise:' 
would you be 
quent language, that the country is in danger, and 
that we have no right to inquire what has caused 
the diffculty, but that we must cure it. Now, 
that is very good logic, if it is logically applied; 
but it will not do to apply it in all cases, I think. 
It is important to know what diseases are, before 
you begin to doctor them. I believe that physi- 
cians always attempt to ascertain what the com- 
plaint is, before they apply remedies; they see 
whether the body wants depletion or stimulants. 
"I'hat is not the rule here, and I do not wonder 
that we are asked not to look on the causes ofour 
troubles. 
It' I had been guilty of breaking down 
the Government white I had control of it, I should 
not want my conduct to be looked into and inves- 
tigated. 
There is another party represented here for 
which I have high respect—that is the party rep- 
I r»senting the border States. 
I want talk re- 
spectfully to every one. 
I would not be. guilty of 
intensif9ing the feeling that exists or of mocking 
at any of the whininos or weepings that may grow 
out of it. But ask, is it not a most extraor- 
dinary state of things that a party which has not 
yet got possession of the Government should be 
so remarked more than a year acro in this Cay)- willino• to live under a government under which called upon to settle the difficulties of the country? 
itol; but, to n') y astonishinent, I see now what I 
life and property had no more security than that i ask my friends from the border States whether 
supposed would require centuries to bring about which (lepends upon capricc and the excitement that is not asking too much? Suppose Mr. Bell 
in this Government. 
I have seen that species and of the nunnent? No Inan can enter a government had been elected—a man whom I esteem highly 
degree of wickedness and corruption growing up some of his individual rights 
though I did not vote for him—and suppose my 
in this and mighty country, which few Gov- to the public interest; and he is very well paid, let party had corjspired to prevent his inauguration: 
ernments have ever before witnessed; and I in- 
I me teli you, if he has the laws properly and fully 
tend, in my remarks, to endeavor to trace the executed. Now, I say that there is no question 
causes which have produced the present state of now before the country which cannot be better 
things in the country. I shall not aim—it would be 
settled by the Constitution, and the constitution- 
nonsensical for me to aim—to dcpict these causes ally organized courts, than by anything we can do 
wit.l•t anything like eloquence. Public speaking in this body. 
has not been the habit of 1M) y life. 
I have been 
Now, sir, I believe that a great deal that has 
accustomed to look with interest upon bhe, con- 
been said here srnce 1 have been in Congress has 
structions which have been put upon the admin- 
done more harrn than good. I believe that, if you 
istration of the Government of my country. I 
would leave this quosiion to-day to the people, 
was raised to believe that an honest administra- 
they would settle it much quicker than we. can do 
tion of this Government was of more importance 
it by attemptine• to legislate upon t}le subject. 
But look, Mr. Speaker, at the peculiar and 
to the people than any other thing. 
'-rhet•e never was u difficulty between private 
extraordinary position of the country on this im- 
individuals, and there never wasa neighborhood, I i portanl question. 
llcre is the party known as , 
the Republican party. I ask you whether that 
county, State, or national quarrel, in which tbe true 
causes which produced it were not almost always party has ever had any power to control this 
kept out of sight, You will find that, when the Government? J ask you if they have ever been 
feelings get erllisted, and become alienated, every able to pass a solitary law in the Congress of the 
do you think that I would go with them in such 
i a movement? Notat all. 
ask gentlemen from 
the border States to chanæe their course on this 
subject, and address themselves to their own peo- 
ple with the eloquence and feeling that they have 
displayed here during this session. Tell them that 
this secession is nothing short of the, blackest trea- 
I son, and that you are not to be forced into treason. 
"Ill')at is the. way I talk to them. I do not let syc- 
ophants and demagoøues and traitors drive me 
and my people into their arms. 
I ask you again if you have anything to com- 
plain of, for which you cannot find a remedy in 
the Constitution? Complaints are made about 
personal liberty bills, and not enforcing the fugi- 
tive slave law. If there were no foolish or wicked 
people in the world, we would never want Con- 
stitutions, or laws, either. The man who helps 
to make laws, and expects they will never be vio- 
pretext is seized upon to heighten, to extend, I United States? I ask you if the Government has lated, must be a very green kind 
to intensify the interest of the people. That is not been in hands of the self-constituted Demo- how easy it is to create fuss and excitement in 
cratic party—a conservative party if you please? communities. The party that has had control of 
precisely the case now in this countrv; but there 
not a question of difference now between the Now what condition do we find the Government 
the Government for years, has no other object in 
North and the South' which could not be settled 
in? Prostrate at the feet of traitors; and the first E' view now in seceding and breaking up the Union, 
without difficulty if you would take the ordinary , I thing we find on our arrival here isa demand for than to get control of the Government again. 
concessions from that party which has never had Some of the leaders of that movernent arc dis- 
course you pursue to settle difficulties between in- 
dividuuls when they comc if) conflict. You have powcr and has nothing to concede; and at the nuo- tinguished and gallant men. 'They have repeated 
a constitutional Government which, as I have told ment thcsc concessions are demanded, the. traitors for years past that whenever they should lose the 
you, I have learned to admire so much. But bas who make the demand, and their accomp}ices, are 
control of the Government, they would break it 
the constitutional power of this Governmentcver 
rl'hey have gone out, and I can understand, 
seizing the forts, custom -houses, and pu blic prop- up. 
yct been resorted to to settle any question of diff- crty of the country, to be converted to their own as well as I can understand any other fact, that 
cutty which has arisen in this country? The 
they havc gone out witli the idea that if they can 
hellish usps. 
Constitution has been been kept out ofsight, and, Mr. Speaker, when I talked to my people last OITly draw every slave State with them, they will 
instead! you have made new,' cornpronuses and fall, I pointed out to thcrn the danger of parties. build up a southern empire. 
'Chey expect to be 
concessions. What has been the consequence of I told them not to fix their eyes upon any patty great rnen in the proposed confederacy. 
that coursc? Now, this slavery question, which because all tl-10 parties of this coun- 
Now, I will tell you where we have been all in 
is called so almighty in this country, would be I E try have becotne corrupt; and I always say it fault; and it is a most iknportant thirBr for us to 
found to have nothing in it, to any extcl')t you I with shame. I do not believe that there has ever 
. consider. 
I have almost trembled when I have 
can push it, if you would only pursue, in relation been a rnorc corrupt Government upon the face thought of the consequences to the country grow- 
to it, the course von pursue in reference to set- of the earth than this Government has been under ino out of one of the greatest abuses and one of 
tling ordinary individual differences. But, unfor- 
I do the most uncalled for abuses that have ever 
the administration ot• the last eight years. 
If slaverv were to be removed ten thou- 
not believe that there has been a Government on known. 
tunately for tl•fis country, it has become a political 
earth that has had less regard to the general good sand miles from this country, the Government 
clement, and the atmosphere of the politics of this 
country is, at this time, as corrupt as corruption than this Government has had during the last 
would stil\ sink in its own infåmy, unless its pol- 
i, eieht years of its administration. man icy in the rnatter ofexpenditurcs be chaüged. Let 
can make it. 
I will now, sir, say a few words in reference to , ! judges impartialiy can doubt this for a moment. 
us just reason the case. Cllhirtv-seven years ago, 
Look at the result, and see what is before you. when i left the county of Franklin, the ordinary 
this delicate question of the admission of Terri- 
tories as States. There is not, under anybody's When this Congress met, found an Execu- li expenses of the State of Ohio were $75,000. Now 
construction of the Constitution, a single difficulty tive here sworn to support the Constitution, and the people of Ohio are taxed $10,000,000 a yeo.r. 
that can arise between those who wish to bring especially to see to the execution of the laws. YVhat do yon find in the States, and even in the 
