THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEÖ 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
men in •the North on the question of slavery, it 
would be ridiculous for me to deny; but, sir, I do 
affirm here this day, with uplifted hand, in the 
presence of yourself and the House, that never 
knew more than halfa dozen men in my district 
who believed that Congress had a right to inter- 
fere with slavery in the States. In the North, so 
far as I know, there is not, and never has been, 
any disposition to get your negroes amoncy us. 
We have no desire to interfere with them. All 
we want is, what it was agreed that we should 
have. We want that which was so ruthlessly 
torn from us. You must know, by this time, how 
hard freemen are to be put down when they arise 
to assert their rights. 
And now, as the result of your past action, you 
are reaping the fruits of the principle of popular 
sovereignty. It has done more to curse this coun- 
try and its politics than anything else. 
It came 
here in the guise of great love for the people. 
Never before had one word been said about the 
governments of the Territories. All had gone on 
smoothly and peaceably until tho advent of pop- 
ular sovereignty. I defy any man, here or else- 
where, to put his finger on an instance where com- 
plaint was justly made against the government 
of the Territories. Popular sovereignty was 
founded upon a pretext; and upon pretexts, I 
'Know, parties often live and thrive. 
There is ' another • great curse to this country I 
which ought to be eradicated ; and that is the con- 
tinual construction of party platforms. They have 
done not a little toward the subversion of this 
I have no respect for party plat- 
Government. 
forms; I spit upon them. [Cries of " Good ! "] 
How mortifying it is when members in this House 
and in the Senate get up to discuss great questions 
of Goverument, to hear them parleying about this 
and the other platform, made by designing dema- 
I never read the Chicago platform, the 
gogues. 
Baltimore platform, or the Charleston platform; 
and I do not care to. I do not bother myself with 
them any more than with these compromises, for 
the reason that I have a good old Constitution, 
made by our fathers, and which justly deals by 
all sections of the Union. For God's sake, Mr. 
Speaker, I implore the House to let that covenant 
It is a noble work 
alone. 
A MEMBER. Then you ought to have gone for 
Bell, for he had the Constitution for his platform. 
Mr. CARE Y. He is a great statesman, and 
I-1is oppo- 
has had niy esteem for many years. 
sition to the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act 
and thc repeal of -the Missouri compromise did 
I preserve his speech on the 
him much honor. 
occasion as a text from which many good ser- 
mons could be preached pertinent to the present 
condition of the country. 
Now, sir, I feel disposed to be plain and out- 
spoken. I am willing to have guarantied to every 
man in the United States all the rights that he is 
I am willirv 
entitled to under the Constitution. 
to go to great lencths for conciliation and peace. 
But do not ask me, I pray you, to violate the 
Constitution of the United States. I cannot do it. 
I dare not do what 
I have sworn to support it. 
i know to be wrong; for I should not only lose 
my own self-respect, but the respect and approvftl 
I care nothing for party 
of my fellow-citizens. 
dictation, and will do whatever I cab constitu- 
tionally to meet the demands made upon us on the 
part of the South. I never, anywhere, voted for 
anything because it was a party measure. It must 
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1861. 
ity, and the happiness of millions of people. The 
lust of offce is the passion that drives the dis- 
unionists to treason against the Government. 
They would rule or ruin; but, Mr. Speaker, if 
we are true to ourselves they will do neither the 
one nor the other. Stand firmly upon •the Con- 
stitution, exercising all the powers its grants, hnd 
yielding all the rights it conf@rs, and in ten years 
the race of demagogues and traitors will become 
extinct in our Inidst. 
I know thm•e are thousands talkinrr of breaking 
up this Union, in order that it may be recon- 
strutted. It is, in my judzment, moonshihe to 
think of a recohstrucuon after the Union is once 
shattered into fragments. You may rest assured 
of this. 
I know, too, that a great effort is made to de- . 
moralize the Republican party, to induce them to 
follow a course Lbat will destroy them. Where 
has the Republican party done an unconstitutional 
act? It cannot be pointed out. 
I would never 
interfere with slavery in the District of Columbia 
while slavery existed in the neighboring States, 
01' without the consent of the people' here. The 
northern people are disposed to deal justly by 
you. 'MI e have, I know, some extreme men in 
our midst, who conscientiously differ from me. 
I know we have a great many foolish men. But 
you need not be sensitive. Your rights cannot 
be assailed. Let us talk frankly about these things, 
and not like spunky boys. [Laughter.] W c spoil 
our men in their growth. There are boys now 
who talk flippantly, and k nour far more thun their 
fathers. Some boys of fifteen pretend to knöw 
more tban those who, in 1787, framed the Con- 
stitution. Yet, if the Constitution were read to 
them, they could not tell whether it really was 
the Constitution or something else. 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, then ad- 
dressed the House on the state of the Union. 
[His speech will be published in the Appendix.] 
Mr. JUNKIN. Mr. Speaker, 1 not for the 
purpose of making a speech. 
I do not know that 
I have anything to offer upon the important ques- 
tions prcsented-to the cor:sideration of this body; 
but now, at this late hour of the night, I will en- 
deavor, in a few remarks, to vindicate a portion of 
my constituents from a charge preferred against 
them by a gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. WEB- 
STER,] on the 29th of last month. Sir, I was sur- 
prised and confounded when I heard a gentlelaan 
whose district joins my own, and between the pco- 
ple of whose district and the people of my district 
there exists the rnost complete harmony, assert 
here in his place that the citizens of thc borough 
of Carlisle had murdered a citizen of the State of 
Maryland, in cold blood, when he was in pursuit 
of his slave. lhope he uttered that remark without 
dueconsideration. 1 hope that it was nothing more 
than a hasty and ill-considered observation; or 
that, in the heat of tho struggle and contest. which 
prevailed here, he uttered the charge without com- 
plete knowledge of the facts. Why, sir, when I 
shall have sent to the Clerk's desk, to be read, a 
statement of the facts of the case, a statement made 
by the very attorney of Mr. Kennedy himself, and 
who witnessed the proceedings from the begin- 
ning to the end, you will learn the fact that this 
alleged murder never was committed at all; that 
the man died of indigestion; probably, unused to 
the solid living of Pennsylvania, he may have 
eaten saurkraut or cabba«e. [Laugh 
or with some other 
In 1847, Mr. Kennedy, 
NEW 
in arresting the -Slaves. 
Im-the. mean time; thes 
negroes obtained counsel- and took of 
Ijabeas corpus and brought the slaves before-judges 
Hepburn, who was the judge Of thatljüdici'al disv 
trict. Pending the examination, •Sömebod-yjn:i 
formed the counsel of these :two •slaves that: the: 
Legislature- had just passed an aet repealing the 
act Cif 1826, and enacting the law ot 1847, by Whigh• 
ail our judicial and other o_ffcers were •prohibited 
fi•om• taking cognizance in the case of an escaped 
slave, or of issuing propess Ait) orderf to-axiesthi1W. 
Judge Hepburn, after ascertaining ibis 
clared that he had no 
but be told Mr. Kennedy , " There are yomvslaves;« 
and you have right to carry them hötne:, bj'-ihé. 
common-law right of recapture." 
Mr. Kennedy availed himself of that advice,' 
and having sent for carriages for -phe purpose of 
conveying them away, Mr. Milier•, his counsel; 
with some others, came. down -the stairs of the 
court-house together; and as ,theyapproached the 
carriage, a free necrro of the boi•ouglrmtfde a rush 
at him, he having charge of the• female slave at 
the time. They endeavored to seize,tbe slaves, 
and to get them off; and in doing -this I am -not, 
aware that they used violence toward Kennedy. 
But they endeavored to get the female slave away. 
He battered the necroes over. the head with: a- 
stick ; and in the mean time the parties commenced 
moving from the carriages, and the whole party 
stumbled upon a pile of boards, upon which Ken'S 
nedy fell, and fractured his kuee-pan. He 
taken to the hotel, the best physician was em- 
ployed, and the citizens of Carlisle made every 
effort to rearrest the female slave. They, also 
arrested all the negroes who participated in- the 
riot, tried tli•em, and sent them to the penitentiary; 
Six weeks after the occurrence, Kennedy had 
recovered from the injury sustained in the fight; 
and he made preparations to go home. He was 
about to leave next mornint% when, contra:ry to 
the advice of his physician, he' • ate something 
which produced colic, and he died some time•in 
the following night. 
Now, this circutnstancc is attested bythe coun- 
sel of Kennedy, a rnan of different political com- 
plexion from myself, and who never supported 
rnc either of my canvasses. I-Ie sends me a 
leuer detailing the facts in the case. That letter 
[ send to the Clerk's desk, and ask that it may 
be rcad. 
The letter was read, as follows: 
CARLISLE, 1, 1861. 
DEAR SIR : On the 29th ultimo, Mr. WEBSTER of Mary- 
in reply to Mr. STEVENS or Pennsylvania,- oeaid 
When he was a studcut at Carlisle College, Ine•saw.a-white 
man who went after his .uegröes murdered in the street." 
'ithis stateinent has excited' great indignatiOQ amono Our 
people. As it evidentiy refers' to the lamented Mr. Kén•- 
nedy, of Maryland, and as I was 'his counsel ii the attempt 
he Inade to get back his slaves, I am called upon by a. num- 
ber of our citizens to give you a statement of the tacts in 
denial of Mr. VVEBSTER. 
'l'hey arc sirnply these: Some time in May, 1847, Mr. 
Kennedy, of Hagerstown, came here in company 
Hollingsworth, in-pursuit of three sEaves, two ot• whom be- 
longed to Mr. Kennedy, and one to Mr. I-loilingsworth. 
Without anv knowledge ofour act of 1847, which had not 
yet been published, J pursued tbc oid process, and had theni 
mandod them to their masters, and committed them to the 
jail ot' our county until their masters were ready to remove 
them. [rnmediateky afterwards; a large body ot• free blacks 
etnployed counsel, and procured a writ of habeas corpüs to 
have theur brought belöt•e Judge Hepburn. After the hear- 
ing, Judge Ucpburn was about reinanding the, negroes toQhe 
custody of the sheriff, when stnne one in the crowd casne: 
up and Nientioncd to their counsel the existence -of the 
or 2847, (Orbidding jailors to receive slaves, which hc had* 
have something more than party to secure my h men, clan-ning to be the owners Gf two slaves who II seen published inanewspaper. Thc counsel 
vote. That which I know to be wrong w i] ! i had sought refucre in the borough of Carlisle, came ' \ asked a few utinutes-' postponeuncut of the 
It was brout_rht, and restuted. 
up there and obtained process untier the act of I Obtain the 
oppose; and that which know to be right, will 
Judge flcpburli deciding that he could send, 
1826. His atto rney was not apprised at the iirnc 
advocate and vote for. 
baek 1.0 jail, and discharging thein fro:n the 
I think, Mr. Speaker, that members ought to II that the Legislature of Pennsylvania had repealed 
sheriff. But, at the satne t ftne., he. t.hat 'it 
try to talk of each other in a more friendly wav that law, in consequence of thc decision Of the clear to his knind the owners had a legatr:gtkk 
than they do. We ought all to be more forbeaF- Supreme Court of the United States declaring 
to take inunediate possession ot• them process, 
'I'he masters did so at (Rieex 
the sianple act of recapture. 
ing and conciliatory. Let us not be hasty. Let to be unconstitutional. He au•ested the slaves 
and sent off carriages to take them-a-way. The masterS, 
us act slowly, deliberately, and justly. This upon a warrant issued by a justice, of the peace 
assisted by of out E.ppt Lbe eegroes in' the 
in conformity to the act af 1826, and lo.dqred them I uutil the earuages shoyld come. As as 
Government has been a 101')g while in existence. 
Looking back at its progress in population and II 
they cmne, the masters assistants svai'ted down 
ill the jail of Cumberland county. There was 
stairs, each negro a- person; oo each gidc, and f ac- 
wealth, in power and greatness, I arn humiliatcd an excitement ro.iscd among tbc free negroes of 
r do, -not thin.K any one seriously am-ci- 
cmnpan•ied theui. 
at the spectacle presented of a dastardly band of II the borough; white citizens pnring but little i 
pated an attack, although we understood there-was a crowzk 
attention to the matter. The.)' h2ü no diffculty 
of free around the carrivv€$. When wc got dowat,Q 
pirates boldly rifling it of its wealth, its prosper- 
51 
