1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE. 
God! pass •me one step beyond what I conceive 
to bexny bounddn duty. Party or no party, plat- 
form or no platform, I will act under the obliga- 
tions of my oath, to do all in my power to heal the 
breach that, now exists bctv.reen the North and 
the South, for the sake of the loyal Union men 
who so bravely stand by the old flag of my coun- 
try, even where that loyalty is pronounced treason 
by the mad revolutionists in their midst. 
But, I find that I was about to enter on the dis- 
cussion of the great question. On that Iny tnind 
is irrevocably made up. I have my verdict in my 
heart, and am ready to render it whenever called 
I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, what 
upon to vote. 
this controversy reminds me of. It puts me in 
mind ofa story related in one of Bulwer's novels. 
A worthy couple, named J Q hn and Joan, had lived 
happily together many a year, tili one un- 
lucky day they bought a new bolster; Joan said 
the bolster was too hard, and John said the bol- 
stcr was too soft; so of course they quarreled. 
After sulking all day they agreed to put the bolster 
between them at night. After they had thus lain 
apart a little time, very silent and sullen, .Tohn 
sneezed. God bless you!' 'said Joan over the bol- 
ster. Did you say, God bless me cries John; 
" then here goes the bolster." [Laughter.] Now, 
sir, the acquisition of new territory and the negro 
question are our bolsters, and we have been sulk- 
ing for some years with these bolsters between 
us; and when our disagreement begins to threaten 
the integrity of our great Union, the voice of the 
Old Dominion is heard shouting in unmistaka- 
ble carnestncss over these bolsters of contention, 
God bless the Union ! " Sir, I must, as a true 
man, respond t.o the nobl sentiment of Virginia. 
i say, away with these bolstcu•s of contention, and 
let us settle these conteml)tiblc causes of quarrel 
in some way honorable and satisfactory to both. 
Now, sir, what are we quarreling about in this 
matter? What are we talkirg• about? As I un- 
derstand it, the Republict;.n party are apprehen- 
Sive that slavery is going i','ito the Territories north 
of 960 30'. Or rather, they ,cnow that it cannot 
cro there; and a great number of them think that 
It will not even go south of' that line. Then the 
entire diffculty is whether we can draw this line. 
It is not for the benefit of anybody, as I under- 
stand it; for no one is going to derive any benefit 
from it. 
I do not beli ve that it will either cause 
I do not believe 
slavery to go in or ke p it out. 
it would have the effect of putting one slave more 
south of that line or one slave less. But or e thing 
I do know; know that the line of 360 is con- 
secrated, ay, canonized, in the hearts of the people 
of the free States; and although some Republicans 
may stand up and say that the people would never 
consent to restoring that line, i do know that the 
Republican party sprung into existence on the 
I know the fact, that we have 
abrogation of it. 
gone before the people of Pennsylvania, over and 
over and over affain, and said that the Democratic 
party had repealed the old l\fissouri comprornise 
line, and that we were slavery should 
of the objects and purposes of the Republican 
party. I ask him whether he understands that 
one of their objects is ever to interfere with sla- 
very in the District ot Columbia, or in the dock- 
yards, arsenals, and navy-yards, or with the inter- 
State slave trade? 
Mr. JUNKIN. so far as my knowledge goes 
in canvassing, not only my own district, but 
others, and sb far as I have heard politics dis- 
cussed in the free States, I do not believe there 
ever was an election of any kind in -which the 
question of slavery in the District of Columbia 
entered as an element in any shape or form. The 
idea that the people of the great free States should 
undertake to make a specific issue on the aboli- 
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia—a little 
place less than ten miles square, that you could 
hardly have made a decent shooting match out of 
when was a boy in our country—and should 
make a quarrel with respect to it, is supremely 
ridiculous. I do not believe that any man electea 
to Congress in the free States ever discussed that 
subjcct• nt• all. 'lthcy do not think about it. The 
ple do not care about it, and do not want to 
)ave anything to do with it, .But t}'iey have always 
had in their mind the great question whether they 
would secure t.he territory north of 360 30' for 
what they call freedom. That is to say, that the 
freemen of thc North do not want to work along- 
side of slaves. 'That is all. 
When you talk about the hostility of the peo- 
ple of the frec States to slavery, you are greatly 
In error. Go into these districts where the people 
are supposed to be so intensely hostile to the in- 
stitution, and you will find that they talk very 
little about it, and never propose to interfere with 
it in the States where it exists, or in the District 
of Columbia, or ill) the dock-yards, arsenals, and 
navy-yards, or to interfere with the coasting slave 
trade, or the inter-Statc slave trade. I never- heard 
the people talk of such things; and I can safely 
assert, that such questions are never considered 
I never heard 
in a political in the North. 
these subjects discussed till I came to Congress; 
and w Ilion came here, I felt very much like the 
old farmer -w' ho went into a court-room for the 
first time, to see what court was like. They were 
trying an action of replevin about a cow, and the 
third day of the trial had been reached, when the 
do not believe it cvcr I 
never cro north of it. 
\-ve made our word 
will go liorth of it. 
I believe that overv {%otof territory north 
of 360 30' is consecrated to freedom, although the 
line is abrogated. Therefore, to my judgment, it 
does not make a particle of difference, so far as 
the rcal question is concerned, whether you restore 
the line or leave it alone. Formy own part, I shall 
vote for the propositions reportéd by the commit- 
tee of thirty-three, because I think they effect 
substantial restoration of the Missouri compro- 
mise. Sir, it is cowardly for the Republican party 
and the great frec North to refuse this small boon 
to our brethren of the South. Fair play, is my 
motto; and would scorn to take advantage of the masters and-. their slavcs•m and I do honestly and 
verily believe that to-day they stand ready to come 
paucity of their numbers, by legislative bar. 
to your aid and assistance, in maintaining the 
LNow, it is true there arc some dozen slaves in 
New Mexico. I do not see how we can get them I institution in the States where it now exists. 
out. I do not sce how we can have any control I Hence it is that f only express the sentiment 
I do knox.v that the legislation of of 111 y people when I vote for a clause in the Con- 
in the matter. 
1850 settled that question, and fixed the stat•u.s of stitution that Congress shall never interfere with 
slavery in the States; and I assort that when I 
that Territory, or left it to the people of thc Ter- 
When vote in that way, but support the, Chicago plat- 
ritory, which amounts to the san1e thing. 
If my Ropublican brethren believe that 
I was a I)emocrat, I felt bound to stand by t.ne form. 
I do not see how 
legislation of 1850. I stood by it then, and I stand I their platform is a good thing, 
by it, now. It made a settlement of the contro- they can obiect to taking a portion of that plat- 
versy; and I understand that the propositions of! form and incorporatincy it in the fanda.mental law 
the committee of' thirty-three do nothing more of tbc land. If it is a good thing in a platform, it 
will be good thing in the Constitution. Why 
than carry that legislation into effect. 
And I tell you honestly, that any Repub- 
Mr. HATTON. The gentleman is speaking not? 
old gentleman, becoming im patient that the valu- 
able time of the court should be wasted on such 
a trivial matter, shouted out ut the top of his voice, 
and pulling out his purse at the stuno time, 
Judge, Y,vhat is this old cow mtvorth? I'll pay 
her value, and let the court proceed to something 
J So when I came 
[Laugh 
of importance. 
. here, and listened day after day to long speeches 
about slavery ill the District of Columbia, I felt 
like asking what this District bc bought for. 
I tell you that these questions •are 
[Laughter.] 
never discussed among the mountains of Penn- 
sylvania. They havesomestrongideas thereabout 
slavery, but they never expect to be called upon 
to regulate the affairs of thc District of Colum- 
bia. This is the only place where such questions 
are over heard discussed. The people themselves 
never talk about them, although I am free to con- 
fess, that the people of my district have got some 
pretty strong notions in thcir mind about slavery; 
but they do not arise out of any hostility to you 
who own slaves. They never dream of interfer- 
ing between you and your slaves; for I tell you 
they would I-hate, in the worst sort of way, to 
have your ne«roes emancipated and sent among 
them; and they would not submit to it. They 
dislike even the free neo•rocs, and do not in any 
manner associate with them. I never heard my 
constituents assert any desire to interfere between 
licanrwho fails to 
proposition reported' by-the' dörhni$tee 
thi:ee, will be, in.my astehd• 
, ing towards abolition, and will weakenGihy '.con•- 
fidence in the Republican party. -I do-notbelieve 
there are ten men' On this side of the House,who 
will fail to vote for that proposition. 
I know it was argued here to-day; by a gqntle- 
man who occupied a chair behind meÅMr.'SEDä- 
WICK,] that there may a time come when weernav 
want to take a hand In purchasing,the Slgvgs in 
the border slave States, or in some way 
slavery in those States, and therefore he felt-dis- 
inclined to support the proposition. He geexned 
to have the impression that it might in some-way 
prevent a State from abolishinx slavery within its 
own limits. Why, sir, if I understand that prop- 
osition, it has no reference to the action Of any 
If the State 
It only applies to Congress. 
State. 
of Marylafid shalt desire tö abolish slavery within 
her own limits, or any other State shall desire it, 
they may do it, but Congress cannot.-- Now; what 
earthly objection can: there be to that? I admit 
there is a single objection in my mind. It may 
tend to create excitcmeot in the: North. It may 
tend to deepen the agitation upon these questions, 
and in that way do inore harm than good; butl 
think the Legislatures of the States can so deal 
with the question as to prevené the occurrence Of 
havm from that source. 
I again acknowledge my obligations to the gen- 
tleman from Ohio for yielding me the floor, and 
hope that thc time I have occupied will not be 
deducted from his. 
Mr. ALLEN then addressed the House on the 
state of the Union. [His speech will bc published 
in the Appendix.] 
And then, on motion of Mr. HATTON, (at 
tcn o'clock, p. m. , ) the House adjourned.' 
IN SENATE. 
FRIDAY, February 1861. 
*Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. • 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
A message in writing was received from the 
President of the United States, by Mr: Gl.oss-• 
BRENNER, his Secretary. 
DEFICIENCY BILL. 
Mr. FESSENDEN was, on -his motion, ex- 
cused from service upon the committee of confer- 
once on the disagreeinm votes of the two Houses 
on the bill (H. R. No. 866) to supply deficiencies 
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal 
year ending June 30, 1861; and Mr. GWIN wag 
appointed. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- 
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi- 
cating, in obedicncc to law, a statement of the 
con ti ngent expenses of the military,cstablishment 
of the United States for the year 1860; which Was 
ordered to lie on the,table. 
He also laid before the Senate-•a report of the 
Secretary of the Senate, communicating, in- obc- 
dience to law, a statement of the payments from 
the contingent fund of the Senate during the-year 
ending December 3, 1860; which, on motion of 
Mr. BIGLER, was ordered to lie on the tttble, and 
be printed. 
He also laid before the Senate a report of the 
acting Secretary of thc Interior, communicating, 
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of 
thc 28th of May, 1860, transcripts of all accounts 
paid for the erection of the east and weSt wings 
and thc north front of tho Patent Office building, 
and for alterations and repairS of the south front 
of the same; which was ordered t.o lie on the table; 
and a motion by Mr. BIGLER to print the report 
was referred to the Committee on Printing. 
CAPTAIN SSMPSON'S REPORT. 
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid 
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu- 
nicating, in compliaVlce with a resolution of ;th-e 
Senate of the 30th ultimo, the report,of '(hptain 
J. H. Simpson, of the topographical engineers, 
of his explorations across the Great Basin-of Utah 
Territory, for a direct •wagon route from Camp 
Floyd to G-enoa, in Carson Valley, in 1859. 
Mr. LATHAM. I have a resolution to offer 
in connection with that report: 
Resolved, That the report of the Secretary of War, 
