1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBL 
as their counsel,.nd that:Fisher professed to be acting in pose and take from him what, possibly, the law 
that capacity as early as Decetnber 13. 
behalf ot' the five hundred opponents they represent, that 
testimony should be taken at the times, and pl:rces at which 
it has been taken. 
3. That neither Lee & Fisher nor any of the opponents 
objected to the taking ()t' testimony by Watson, in behalf 
of the applicant, 01) the 25th or 26th ot• Decernbe,r. 
4. 'I'llat t.he proofs taken were strictly in support of the 
applicant's statement, and thereEöre no surprise to any one, 
the statemeilt being sworn to, and made evidence by law, 
notice to all parties of What arc the issues in the case, and 
what is to be proved or disproved, and that this staterncnt 
was filed on the 13th day of Decen)ber, forty-seven days 
befOrc the day for closing the testimony, January 28. 
5. That but four of these forty- seven days have been oc- 
cupied by the opponents of the extension in taking testi- 
mony, and an equal nunlber of days by the appikcants for 
the same purpose. 
6. l'hat the applicant's counsel Ivas diligent tn preparinty 
and filing his account; and that to do so, and to get testi- 
mony ready, he had to leave home and to travel by railroad 
day and night. 
7. That the notice served by the applicant to take testi- 
mony on the 28th Of January, was not served Ontil after a 
notice to take testimOny in behalfofthc opponents had been 
given; and the opponents were intormed at the tirne of scr- 
vice that no testimony would be taken under it except in 
rebuttal of such opposition testitnony as might be taken on 
the 28th, and that in fact no witness was called by the ap- 
plicant on the 28th. 
8. That the cross-examination of the witness, H. B. Ren- 
w\ck, occupied less than an hoar on the morning of the 
28th, and was deferred until then only because the oppo- 
nents declined to cross-examine on Saturday night. 
Tliere are other vuatters in the aflidavits on both sides 
that relate to the merits of the case on final hearinl' 
and thereföre do not require notice on this nwtion. 
On the t•onner tnotion tor a postpone:ncnt, which was 
overruled, it was stated that the reception o f tuc application 
eleven Inonths before the patent expired, and the fixing of 
tbe day of hearing on the lith of February, were acts of the 
late Comtnissioner, done with deliberation, and with a view 
tliat Inore than 
to protect and promote the public interest; 
the usual titne for taking testiinony had becn allowed, 
narnely, t•orty-sevcn days, (Dine days only n? the tune 
been occupied by bottl parties taking testirnony, and that, 
too, by tnutual agreernent;) that it' tile applicant's account, 
as alleged, is untäithful aud untrue, the delåutt in this re- 
gard is at his peril, and he Illust take the consequences. 
And if bis cornpcnsation has been adequate, as is ROW al- 
leged, that pact. alone must be tatal to the extension. 
in view of all the circumstances presented on the former 
tnotÉon, it was held that sufficient reason tor granting a 
postponement appeared; and the inotion was consequently 
overruled. I cannot see now that the reasons tar a post. 
ponement are strengthened in any degree, and I therelöre I 
decline to change thé tinie for closing the testilnony as fixed 
by the late Connnissioner in the. published notice. 
S. T. s JGERT, 
acting Co• gnissioner. 
PATENT OFFICE, January 29, 1861. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question iso 
the motion to take up the joint resolution. 
The motion was acreed to; and the joint so- 
lution was considered as in Committee of the 
Whole. 
Mr. PUGH. I move now that the joint reso- 
lution be referred to the standing Committee on 
Patents and the Patent Office; and if the Senate 
wili give me their attention for a few rnonlent,s, I 
think I can show them the propriety of that mo- 
lion. 
Mr. FITCH. Will the Senator so modify his 
motion as to let the papers go, with the resolution , 
to the committee ? 
Mr. PUGH. Certainly. By the general law, 
as I understand, every patentee, before the expi• 
ration of his term, is entitled to apply to thc Com- 
missioner of Patents, and, with certain cvidencc 
which he is required to produce, may have an ex- 
It seeuns that, in this 
tension for seven years. 
case, whatever may be the value or the validity 
of the patent, the applicant has departed in no- 
wise from the lavv'. He has made his application. 
Others, it seems, feeling opposed to the. extension 
of the patent, have been heard by their testimony 
and their counsel. The Commissioner, as it ap- 
pears the paper which has been read, has twice 
been asked to extend the time of taking testimony, 
and upon affidavit and argument has decided 
against it; mod now application is made to Con- 
o•ress hurriedly, without exarninalion by any 
standing cornmittee of this body, to use the law- 
making powt.n• of the Government in a private Iit- 
igation, to orant an appeal from a decision t.wice 
made by the proper offcer, under the name of a 
joint resolution. 
What wtfl be the consequence? If' we cause 
this applicant any mischief i',y our interference, 
he will be here with bis petition to be illdemni- 
vvouid have given, I think he can tnake at teasta 
very fair claim on the equity of Congress, if not 
do not know Mr. 
a claim of riffht:. Now, sir, 
McCormick; und I presume I am as much inter- 
ested as any Senator, in virtue of rny agricultural 
constituents, if they have any interest the pat- 
ent, in having it opposed; but, if Mr. McCormick 
has a right to his extension by law, I will-not take 
it from him; if he has no right to it, let the Commis- 
sioncr of Patents decide against him. The Com- 
missioner, at present, has long been in the office. 
I have never heard anything said against his in- 
tegrity or his capacity; and I am indisposed, as 
a member of Congress—that is ali I mean to say 
about it—to be used on either side of a lawsuit. 
Therefore, I hope our Committee on Patents will 
take the resolution, and will read -these papers. 
I could not hear all the paper sent from thc Com- 
missioner, there was so much confusion at the 
time it was read; but I heard enough to satisfy 
me that it is a controverted case of litigation and 
feeling on both sides, and that it is not wise for 
I trust, therefore, the Com- 
us to act in haste. 
mittec on Patents will examine the papers, and 
if they find that we have the power to do this 
and that there is a propcr case made, 
I shall be willing to vote for the resolution, but 
I am not willincr to do it in the (lark; and there- 
fore I insist on my motion, that the joint resolu- 
tion and the papers be referred to tho standing 
Committee. on Patents and the Patent Office. I 
doubt not they will give it speedy examination; I 
hope so. 
Nil r. WADE. I do not think there is any ne- 
cessity for relin•ring this resolution to the Com- 
r i'he question involved is a 
mittee on Patents. 
very great one; indeed, one of morc public inter- 
est could hardly be suggested. I do not-profess 
to know anything of the merits or demerits of 
this application for a renewal of t.he patent; but 
I can see, as everybody can, that the public are 
It is a great ques- 
most vitally interested in it. 
tion, in volving millions of dollars to be taken from 
the pockets of our farruers wrongfully, if clie de- 
cision should be wrong; and if the decision that 
is now contemplated shall be finally made in favor 
of this applicant, a little delay will not injure him 
-II. Why can not give the parties all the 
at 
Inc that is necessary, in order to bring in all the 
testimony which is essent.inl to decide a contro- 
versy so important as this? 
'I'he applicant himself, il seems from the paper 
which has been read, took testimony as late as 
t.hp 28th of J anuary; and it was the testimony of 
witnesses scattered abroad ir a great many pluccs 
all over the country; but the attorneys of the con- 
testants have made affidavit that their witnesses 
are scattered abroad in distant parts of tbc coun- 
try, avid that they have not bad time sufficient to 
bring the testimony that they have to bear upon 
the case, and they want time to do it. It can 
be of no disad vantage to the applicant himself, 
because his patent does not expire until the 23d 
patent. all' the weetértü deuntfry;v 
ularlj, the reaper and mowor' has 
dispensable implement to Athe farmer; . Every 
reaper and mower manufactured in, the Uhit.ed 
States, not made Mr. McCfiniek, bae to.pa.y 
him a tribut.e of fifteen dollarS.: That •comes •dia 
rectly from the ihrming interests ofzthe country-. 
Already he has received his millions far, sdme 
small inventions in reference to the- reaper:and 
mower; and that the whole= 
made -to pay tribute to him, to the amount Of if' 
teen dollars for every reaper- and mower boughp 
by the farmers for the next seven years; is 
ter Ithat; their representatives here should' 1.0ök;tOl. 
I take it there•an be, no objection to postponing 
the timc for. taking evidence, because "his patent 
does not expire for eight or, nine months yet'. 
Mi•. WADE- I did -not state before, foi• i did 
not know then, the time, when' the-decision vis to 
hud no time to investigate this mat" 
be made. 
tet•, and I only said the public;were deeply inter- 
ested; but I see now that the decision is to be made 
next Monday, and that, too, Ove*' the hfida,vits of 
the counsel the public that they have 
testimony completed. I want to-know if the Sen- 
ate will now permit this great decision to be made 
under these circumstances. Two of the -counsel 
for the defendants, for the public, make oath that 
they have not had time to get their testimony; and 
yet the case is about to be foreclosed without it. 
What Senator wants decision of this kind to be 
made upon such principles, and a snap judgment 
taken on imperfect testimony? The case will •be 
closed, I believe, and tl')e arcu•ment of the case 
cormnenced, next Monday. Sir, it would be an 
out rage, in my judgment, to permit ouch a' case 
to be decided in such a manner. 
Mr. FUL'CH. The reading of the papers was 
caiied for; and I supposed Lhatevery Senätor who 
listel)ed to the response of the acting Commis- 
sioner would be:perfectly satisfied of the impi•o; 
priety of gt•anting the prayer of the protestants; 
T bey have had a.tnple tnne; all the time ever 
allowed. Due notice, .t•ullnotice, was given. They 
filed [heir proof, and the attorneys themselves say 
in their plea: " His [McCormick 's] proof amounts 
to nothing and our proof covers the case at al-l 
points. Further proof would be merely cumula• 
tive;" and tl'ley close their argument by saying: 
" we do not think the application for extension 
will be successful." This is what the attorneys 
for the protestants say; and yet they first apply 
for an extension to the 4th of March. Why that 
particular day ? It sinacks little of a supposition 
that a change of Administration might be benefi- 
Cial to their interests. Subsequently, application 
is made for an extension of time to the first Mon- 
It will be seen by 
day in Jt.dy, or thereabouts. 
those who listened to the written answer of the 
acting Commissione.r, that every solitary allega- 
tion rnadc bv the protestants is answered, and sat. 
istactotlly answered. There is nouhe first sein- 
tilla of proofon which to hang an appliqationfo•t 
a continuation, except to consult the convenience 
I day of October next. What necessity is there fur and possibly-the interests of certain men who are 
rivals of this manufacturer. 
tl'lis hot haste in closing the testimony, when the 
patent does not expi re for n ine or ten mon Lhs? A word as to what the Senator from Ohio said 
There can be no necessity for it whatever; and in il relative to thc interests of the farmers—— 
a case it')volvincr such great interests to tbe public I Several SENATORS. The Scnator from Michi- 
as this evidently does, it strikes me that all the gan. 
liebt which can be obtained on the subject should Mr. FITCH. Ohio first, and then Michigan 
bc obtained, and that there is no occasion forc,ios- ! subsequently. The farmers l•nave no interest in 
this controversy; but some of your manufactur- 
ing the case so early, and hence no propriety in 
delaying this resolution. have no doubt that the iv g•nt.lcnncn have. isa rivafry between them. 
Commiitee on Patents, if they make a thorough T l•ntt is the whole sum and substance of it. 
examination, will corne to the same conclusion a rivalry between different manufacturi1P estab- 
that have now come to; [ have no fears of its lishments. Other establishments desire to purloin 
goino• to them; but time is very essenåal in this an improvement, and not give the originator of it, 
I do not know when the decision is to the patentee of it, its fuil benefit. 
matter. 
be made; but undoubtedly very soon. At all The argument in favor of' passing this resolu- 
events, these parties ought to know and know as tion, that this patentee applied a year in advance, 
soon as possible, whether their rights are to be II is futile; nothing is more common, as the records 
of the Patent Office show. 
forever closed within a few days or not, for per- 
if he waits until his patent expires; he 
haps they can get some testimony in the mean mind that, 
time; but if the closing of the case is postponed carmot apply. Any wise man would not wait 
i until the evc of the expiration of his patentbefore 
according to this resolution, there will be no difü 
he made his application for a renewal; and there 
ficulty in the parties being thoroughly heard, and 
a decisiot-) being made that ought to be satisfactory II is a cuse now pending here from the Committee 
II on Patents, clearly showing the propriety of' an 
I d') not wish to pt•mong the debate. 
to ali. 
a case in which n 
hope it will not be considered necessary to send early application—f 
inventor of an important 'improvement in 
fied; and should like to k nox,v what argument this joint resolution to any committee. 
en€rines, faded to make his app.•ieation for a re- 
Me. BINGHAM. Mr. President, the agricul- 
could be rnade against indcmnification? 
tural interests of the United States are very deeply newal until it was so late-t hat the Commissioner 
conterncd in the question of the extension Of this of Patente could not decide and it fell to the 
lowing the law as it is written on your statute- 
book up tb the period of decision, we then inter- 
