806 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 8, 
ground, tothe manifest injustice, as the commit- 
tee, and Impresume the Senate when they look into 
it, will readily see, and to the gross wrong of the 
patentee. 
Another argument in favor of the extension of 
time is, that the applicant took testimony on the 
28th of January. Surely, the Senator from Ohio 
fMr;, W-ADE] would not use that kind of argu- 
ment- against him, when he knows that it was the 
fault 0K the protesants that- testimony was taken 
on that day; for the testimony, taken by the ap- 
plicant was merely rebutting. On that very day 
protestants filed an application to take testi- 
mon.y, and did take testimony; and the applicant 
took rebutting testimony. That was all ho took. 
Had the protestants not taken any , he would have 
taken none. Hc has, as the answer of the Com- 
letter of 
missioner shows, fully complied wit.h the 
the law, and desires nothing but the law. 'I'he 
protestants arc not satisfied with this, and desire 
Congress to bend the law to suit their conve- 
nience. 
Mr.. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, this case, 
it seems to me, is a very small onc when properly 
understood. The law auth orizes an extension of 
a patent for seven years on certain conditions. 
What are they? One condition is, that the in- 
ventÅon or discovery must have been novel. An- 
other is, that the inventor or discoverer must have 
used reasonable diligence in introducing his im- 
provement into use, and not have received a rea- 
sonable remuneration for his labor bestowed upon 
it during the existence of the patent for the four- 
teen years for which it is first granted. That is 
the law; and the Commissioner has no authority 
to renew a patent for seven years, unless these 
He decides upon this testi- 
facts are madc out. 
-mony; and if hc is satisfied i liese he may 
extend the patent for seven •yeurs. 
Now, what do we see in this case? An appli- 
cation is made to renow a patent, for which the 
patentee has recei vcd already, in 'Fl•oss, than 
three million nine hundred thousand dollars. Hc 
admits that he has rcceivcd nrore than three mil- 
lion nine hundred thousand dollars, in gross. 
is true he uses a good dcul of this r.noncy in ex- 
penses. This application is ruude a yeav beforc 
i•low can you tcll whether 
the patent expires. 
he will not receive during the ycar which is to 
follow, a sum sufficient to n-mke the rcrnuneration 
labor ho hos be- 
tune an(l the 
ample for all the 
stowed upon t.he invention? And if such appears 
to be the fact, the Commissioner has no right to 
extend the patent. A1 though tbc paten tee should 
not wait, ns the Senator fronn Indiana says, until 
the last day before lye makes his application, 
neither should he make his application a year 
advance for the renewal of a patent, for which he 
has recei ved such monstrous profits as are shown 
in this cnsc, r I'he profits this very year will be 
hundreds of thousands of dollars. Offcourse they 
that the 
It seems to IÜC, 
cannot be shown. 
fact that. t.llis ftl)plication is Inade so long in ad- 
testimony ought to be in the hands of the Com- 
missioner before he acts upon the case. 
I am reminded by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. 
WADE] that the affidavit of the attorneys is such 
that it would require from any court an extension 
of the time of taking testimony. What harm can 
result from it?. Is anybody going to be injured ? 
Do you not want all the testimony? Is there not 
ample time to take it? Is there nota very great 
impropriety in deciding this case a year in ad- 
vance, and saying that Mr. McCormick has not 
received a reasonable remuneration for the time 
and labor he has bestowed on this improvement, 
when he has receivc•.l from it nearly four million 
dollars; and may, for aught we know, receive 
another million during the ensuing year, which 
will never be brought into the account if the case 
is now to be closed? If the time is to •be ext.cndod 
at all, it must be done immediately, for I see the 
argument is fixed fbr the 11th of February. 
'Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, 1 knownoth- 
ing but what I bavc heard fall here us to the mer- 
its of this controversy. I neither know the value 
of Mr. McCorn'\ick's patent, except from gon- 
eral reputation, nor the extent of his gains; but it 
seems to me that we are about to adopt a prece- 
dent (if we suffer this joint resolution of the T-lousc 
of Representatives to pass either before going to 
a committee or after going to a committee) far 
beyond any attempt that Congress has previously 
made to interfere '*With the ordinary execution of 
the laws. 
This resolution was passed in the House of 
Representatives on the 5th of Fcbruary, and came 
to the Senate on the 6th, as appears from the 
Journals. It came hcre two days ago, and it is 
called up to-day, and we are asked to pass—what? 
What is tho character of the resolution? To as- 
sume judicial functions in an individual case 
involving individual rights. Whether I look at 
the Constitution as regards its intent of keeping 
judicial and legislative powers, or 
separate the 
whether 1 100 k at the irnpossibility of supposin(T 
that j ustico cun ever ad rninistered by a legislative 
body who hear proceed i ngsal toge ther parte , NVho 
sufl-•cr themselves to do w hat, if u.judgo were to do, 
he would be disgraced—that is, receive the per- 
so nal npplication, the personal statement, and the 
personal solicitations of iridividuals for or against 
the particular rncasure—it, seems to mc that if 
carry the systo,lü, as it would be carried in this 
case, to the extent, not of granting tunytlling which 
does not exist, but of interferino• with the ordi- 
we are grossly 
nary action under a general law, 
pov.rers o t' Consrress. 
I abusing the 
II is nol.lliug to me v.rhet.h(.n• t.hc public or Mr." 
iVIc,Corrnick be interested in this matter. 
no right to asstune that thc Commissioner of Pat.- 
ents will not discharge his duty rightfully, and 
rnako a rn•oper• decision on the evidence before 
L ID tnay reject this proposed renewal of the 
hirn. 
patent. the Cons-uituLion, your authority 
IS to pass laws the protection of and 
vancc, and when there is no necessity all for discoverers of and processes which 
Your a lithorily I 
are of great utility t.() the pu blic. 
hurry, should have been a sullicient inducement 
is to give adequate rewart.ls; uude.r creneral 
for the Conn-nissionm• to extend the titne to takc 
testimony to any reasonable period before the You have puss•cd general iaw which authorizes 
an Inventor, in the first instance, to have a patent 
patent was about to expire. 
for fou rt.c€nn years with the right of renewal , w h ich 
The testimony taken on the. part of the patentee 
',vas taken, the first of it, on the 21st of January, you confide judicially to the investigation of an 
executive oflicm• thorough* y skilied in the whole 
and ended on the 28th, and taken at various places 
in different parts of the United States. What E matter, and competent for the discharge of his 
opportunity has there becn to rnoet this testimony? duties. There is no allegation here, no attempt to I 
show'that there is any fraudulent bias on the part 
Witnesses have been examined in York, in 
Washington city, and in parts of' the, of the person wli0 is authorized 10 decide; but 
country; and there is no opportunity to meet this you arc asked to do—what? When, in the course 
testimony in seven days. No possible harm can I of a judicial investi'ration under a general law, 
I the oiliccr having the authority has formally de- 
result to anybody from an extension of the time 
cided that there is no reasonable ground for the 
for taking testimony. 
Now, without going into the merits of the case further prolongation of the controversy between 
at a}! , it seems to me that this application is so the parties, whoever they be, Congress is to 
manifestly proper that the Senate ought not co come in by special law and nullify that judicial 
It is an attempt to inter- 
hesitato a momentin altowing• further time to take decision of the officer. 
the testimor:y. But the Senator from Indiana fere in an ec parte manner, on a mere one-sided 
tells us that the attorneys say have made out statement, for it. to that; and without evcrl 
a good case already, and it is not necessary to have the investigation or recommendation at' a com- 
olher testimony. Of course the attorneys who mittce, you are to take away from aman the rights 
were resisting the extension of this monopoly that belono• to him under your laws, because the 
would not state that theircase was defective. r Chey public may be interested in resisting the, exten- 
would not admit that, because the did not know Sion of' his patent. Do you know what the Com- 
rnissioner will decide? No. Sir, I would just as 
that the time would be extended. They think, on 
soon vole in favor of a bill where there was a case 
the case as it stands, thc Commissioner ought not i 
to extend this patent; but, while they think so, pending in the circuit court of the United States 
they say there is other testimony, and the whole invokving millions of dollars, and they often do 
so depend between A and B, where the court had 
decided that according to the general rules of the 
law of evidence, there was no further reason for 
protracting the controversy or extending the time 
for taking evidence—I should just as lief think of 
undertaking to revise that judicial decision by in- 
terposing the law, and saying that one side should 
have a right which the general law did not give 
him, as I would vole in Cavor of this resolution. 
You are assumin.o• judich.1L powers to the broadest 
extent. You are interi,ik'kllg in the administration 
of justice in the country between man and man, 
if you pass this resolution that is now before you. 
I do not enter into the question at all of whether 
the Commissioner ought to have granted more 
I have had no opportunity to read 
time or not. 
his reasons; and if I had, he did not state them 
for our inspection. They may go far beyond it. 
His judicial opinion, .1 understand, is (riven why 
he den the motion before him for a further 
postpouement as to the time of taking evidence. 
Is this 
Is this a proper body to controvert that ? 
a proper body to investiffate a question of that 
kind? Honorable Spriators may have constituents 
who come to them, and tell them, "we have a 
vast interest iii this matter; ve think the general 
lawr ought to be set aside, and that you ought to 
assume judicial functions, in order to prevent the 
officer from carrying out the laws that exist accord- 
ing to the duties that are imposed on him." I can- 
not reason in that triode } Mr. President. I cannot 
believe it can ever coir.e to good. MI hcthcr this 
patent is to be or rejected, or suffered to 
die at the termination of the present grant, makes, 
to me, no matter of difierence. The question of 
amount is nothing compared with the false prin- 
ciple embodied in this resolution. 
do not know how it will affect my constitu- 
I dare 
ents. They are an agricultural people. 
say they, and the public generally, if thcpatent 
is valuable, i,vould like to get rid of the stringency 
of it, and of the emolument paid to the inventor, 
It is very probable there 
us soon as possible. 
are hundreds of Illen in my State who would be 
il'i favor of having this resolution passed, because 
I the object is sitnplyto extend the opportunity for 
litigation. It is, in fact, though, an interference 
with the judicial course of action, in favor of one 
man oronc setofmen against another man. I can- 
not sanction, by any vote of mine, such action on 
the part of Congress. am very sure that justice, 
whether it be between one man and many men, 
'tween a rnan und the State, must be imper- 
01 
, if it is intended to be justice at all. T hc 
son, 
moment, you suffer individual claimants to come 
to members of Concrnsg Dt•ivatcly, and tell them, 
'17his will be very in; -u lous to us; this interest 
by it; 'and you as- 
and t}'lat interest wiii i 
, legislative action, and 
sumc that as a grou 
interrupt the ordinay•.v ocess of the laws, with 
no charp;,.) of fraud made, no charge of incompe- 
tency against the officer who is about to decide 
upon the question and has not yet decided as to 
the rights of the parties, it seems to me that there 
would not, be a possibility of justice being done 
I admit the major influence in 
such a case.. 
such cases would generally prevail. Sometimes 
it might prevail for tlne purpose of obtaining a 
patent which ought not, to be granted. Some- 
til'nes it might obtain for the purpose of defeating 
a paterü which, according to your laws, ought to 
be extended. But it is no noatter whether we are 
in favor of the extension or of the rejection of this 
application of McCormick, whoever the party 
may be; that is not subject which, in my judg- 
It rests, by your laws, 
men t, we can safely touch. 
in 1110 hands of the Commissioner; and you vio- 
latc the first great principles of law when you at- 
tempt in the Legislature to interpose in judicial 
action between man and man. 
t These are objections to the resolution, whether 
It only makes it 
it goes to a committee or not. 
In the face 
worse not to send it to a committee. 
I of the rights of parties, you are to undertake to 
with thosc rights, because the right to 
have a case heard, according to general law, and 
the right, when evidence has been taken on both 
sides, to have that case decided, beyond all ques- 
Gon belongs to every citizcn in every dispute that 
arises under a general law. I defy gentlemen to 
distinguish, they can, between this case and an 
attempt made here to interpose against a decision, 
for instance, of a court of equity, which is very 
common, where an application has been made to 
