1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
to secure an extension of time, in ordcr that tes- 
extend the time for taking depositions, and the 
timony might be had. If you believe them, and 
court has refused it, and the parties come here 
and ask Congress to passa special •law overruling I suppose you arc bound to believe them, they 
say in their affidavits why they have not-been able 
the decision of the court, and you should under- 
we do to take all the testimony they desire; they show 
take to look at thaÜdecision, and say, 
not think the ground fo•r refusing the extension of how material it is; and tl')ey show that the merits 
time this individual of the case cannot be reached without the testi- 
Case, we will give to the party rights which do not 
belong to him under the general law of the land;" 
in other words, sir, we will suffer personal favor 
to take the place of impersonal justice. 1 can vote 
for no such resolution, no matter how it affects 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. F00T in 
the chair.) The morning hour having expired, 
it is incumbent upon the Chair—this day having 
been assigned by order of the Senate for the con- 
•sideration of the Private Calendar 
—to announce 
that the first bill upon that Calendar is in order, 
and now before the Senate. 
Mr. SEWARD. I wish barely to say in rela- 
tion to the first business upon the Private Calen- 
dar, that heretofore I have held rela- 
tions on the subject of the patent in general,which 
have been such, although they do not affect the 
present question before the Commissioner of Pat- 
ents, as to render it improper for me to vote on 
the bill before the Senate. 
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all farther 
business, in order to continue this matter. Oh, 
It will take but a moment to pass it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, 
with diffdcnce, will suggest., the day baving been 
assigned by special resolution to the considera- 
tion of the Prxvate Calendar, that, the appropriate 
motion, and the only appropriate motion, is a 
motion to suspend that order. 
Mr. WADE. well, 1 to suspend that 
ord cr. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 wilt suggest to the Senator 
from Ohio to permit the reading of the messacye 
of the Presidont, which is on the table. 
Mr. WADE. I suppose it will také but a mo- 
I do not wish to 
say anything more about it. But let us take a 
vote upon it; because, if sve postpone it, of course 
there will be no use of ever calling it up again. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'I'he question 
before the Senate is on the motion to suspend the 
order assigning this day for the consideration of 
the Private Calendar. 
Mr. BRAGG. On that motion I ask for the, 
yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. BRAGG. I hope this motion will not pre- 
vail. Notwithstanding what the Sernator from 
Ohio has said as to the time the resolution which 
has been betore the Senate during the morning 
hour will take, I mn perfectly satisfied, frorn what 
I see all around me, that if we go into that subject, 
and suspend the regular order of the day, we shall 
have the greater part of the day consumed in the 
i am per- 
mony which they desire. Now, if we permit this 
question to go by, there is the end of it; because 
the Commissioner has utterly refused to give them 
any longer time than Monday next; and there- 
fore, every Senator who believe.s that McCor- 
mick, having received $4,000,000 for his patent 
already, ought not to receive any more from the 
pockets of the public, will vote, I- trust, for the 
suspension of the rules, and for continuing the 
consideration of this resolution until We geta vote 
I upon it. 
Mr. FITCH. The object of the Senator from 
Ohio will not be attained—namely, the passage of 
the joint resolution to-day—by that course. The 
Senatör from Illinois on this side [Mr. DOUGLAS] 
intends to be heard on the qcæslion; and a single 
objection will prevent the passage of the resolu- 
tion to-day; and that objection wilk most assuredly 
be made. i think he had better let the resolution 
take the usual course, and go to the Committee 
Question !" " Question ! " 
on Patents. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am sorry to delay an 
impatient body with reference to this matter; but 
I want simply to say, that shall vote for the 
postponement for the simple reason given by the 
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. WADE,] which is, that 
a vote against the postponement , it' successful, de- 
feats his object entirely. Though, ordinarily, I 
would go with the chairman of the Committee on 
like this, and 
Claims, to pass over a resolutiot'l 
take up the claims assigned for to-day, yet, when 
a question comes up which is alleged to be of 
very great consequence, and which can only be 
settled by the postponement of' the Private Calen- 
dar, I think it is a fair argument: because it that 
be true—and I have no doubt it is, from what is 
said by the Senator from Ohio—the F)ost.ponement 
is destruction to the measure. We ought at least 
to afford an opportunity to the Senate to vote 
upon it, even if a day which was assigned for pri- 
vate bills does go by; because another day can 
be given them, but there can bc no other day for 
this particular question. 
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me that the Senator 
from Maine is deceived in his view of this ques• 
tion. My colleague says the argurnent is to com- 
mence next Monday. Now, if hc thinks that law- 
yers are going to make short work of a case that 
. involves hc is greatly mistaken. There 
will be plenty o? time for argument, and plenty 
of time, if necessary, for Inore testimony. Sen- 
ators say that there is all t.his vast amount of 
money received by Mr. McCormick. I did not 
i do not know how they know 
know it before. 
it, unless they have heard It from somebody else. 
But if it be so that he has received this amount of 
money, and our committee ascertain it to be the 
fact, and the Comrnissioner ascertains it to be the 
fact, I take it for granted that the patent will not 
be extended; 1 take that for certain. 
In the next place, if our committee ascertain, 
between t.his and Monday, as they can, that pass 
ing this resolution does no injury, as these Sen- 
ators say, I shall be ready to vote for it; but I am 
not to be humbugged into the passing of a reso- 
lution on ec parte statements, and upon represent- 
ations of the necessity of haste, surprising the 
Senate into the passage of a proposition which 
t•.ve may find afterwards to be productive of the 
utmost mischief. almost always find that when 
things are pressed in t.hat way, it. is because they 
do not bear much examination. I shall vote, there- 
set aside foÉ:the consideFation bf'thé 
endüi• ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mt. 
That motion will -not be in ordér. Thé:quöétidn 
is on setting the Private-v. Calendar t0*day.; 
and continuing the consideratiön of this joint*es• 
olution. 
Mr. FITCH. •It is pöSSible that 
saying that a' single objection' wouldnéarj•-y'o-få 
this joint resolution. A&ingle objection-Wiltöärry: 
it over, of course, if it has been read-the first ind 
second -times-to-day; but if ithas Éeceived i'is6i'ät 
and second readings previously,- I-do not 
that- it would; but desire to call the attentiOWÖf 
the Senate for one moment to one other .pöintf -in 
the case; and especially-to call the attentiön•ffthe 
members of the Committee on the Judiciary, and 
ofotherfai r-mir)ded Senators, to that pdint-. -When 
f had the honor of serving iti the other end" Of the 
Capitol , some years since; thiSsame man, McCor:- 
mick, applied •to Congress to give him •ah exten- 
Sion of his original patent; and the ground offhe 
application was that he liäd delaved his appl{ca- 
lion for a renewal at the Patent Öffcé too -latét to 
get all his testimony before the Commissioner, 
and have it properly examined, and therefoi•e the 
Commissioner could not grant it. We ruledhim 
to the strict letter of the law, and woüid notgivé 
him the •extension. Now, suppose we Violate the 
law to bis prejudice when he :has complied with 
it: what will be the consequence? Will it not-:be 
very hard toward him? 
The PRESIDINGOFFIC,ER. The Chair will 
answer the inquiry which was made by the Sen- 
ator from Michigan, by saying that he is informed 
by the Secretary that this joint resolution has had 
two readings before to-day; and therefore, if the 
question comes on its third •reading; a single ob- 
jection does -not control it. The question now is 
on the motion to suspend the oi•der assigning to- 
day for the consideration ofthe Private Calendåt; 
the yeas and ' nays have been ordéred,' and the 
Clerk will call the roll. 
'l'he Secretary i*oceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BAKER, (when his name was called:) 'I 
have paired off with the seniör Senator from Cal- 
ifornia [Mr. Gw1N on the direct question; and I 
think it is proper, t )erefore, to refrain from voting 
on the inciderltbl one. 
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from California is 
aware of the presence of the Senator from Oregon; 
und deems his pair at an end, unless it has been 
renewed this mornino•. 
Mr. BAKER. The Senator from California 
said that, as we usually voted opposite to each 
other, we mizht as well pair off on this question. 
Mr. FITCH. very well; 1 was not aware of 
'l'be result was announced—yeas 26, nays 16; 
as follows: 
discussion of this McCormick matter. 
feetly satisfied of that; and now, in the, name of 
private claimants who are here before Congress, 
who have certainly some claim upon the consid- 
eration of the body, when they havc had but one 
day during the session—last Friday was appro- 
priated to another business—and when this day 
was specially assigned for the consideration of 
private bills something like a week ago, I akk for 
them some consideration by the Senate; and by the 
Senator from Ohio himself. I am satisfied that 
the matter • he is now pressing will take up the 
greater partof the. day, if not the whole of it. The 
indications all around me are to that effect; and 
I really think that, under the circumstances, the 
motion of the Senator from Ohio oughl not to pre- 
vaii. I make an appeal to the Senate, and I feel 
it my duty to do so as in some degree represent- 
Mr. WADE. 1 am satisfied, sir, more 
a long time than the one which is contained in this 
resolution of the House of Representatives. I am 
also satisfied, and so is everybody else, that this 
great question now must turn upon the vote about 
to be taken, whether this motion shali prevail or 
not; because, if the resolution now gets the go-by, 
there is the end of it. t have no desire to consume 
time, and I have refrained from reading the afli- 
davits of the attorneys who have opposed this re- i the majority. 
newal; but in those affidavits they make outa case 
such as would suffice in any court under heaven 
fore, against suspending the regular order; but if 
that be carried, I shall adhere to my motion to 
refer the joint resolution to the proper com- 
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 desire to inquircwhether 
a single objection does carry this joint resolution 
over, as the Senator from Indiana supposes? 
is under the control of the Senate, as I understand. 
It came from the House of Representatives yes- 
terday, or thc day before, and is called up 
in its regular order, and a single obiection cannot 
It is subject' to the will of 
I prevent its passage. 
Mr. DURKEE. Will it be in order to amend I 
this motion by saying that to-morros.v shall be 
YEAS—Messrs, Anthony, Bigler, Bingham, Cameron, 
Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, 
Foster, Green, Grimes, Harlan, Johnson of OTennessee, 
Eyck, 'i'ruænbul}, Wade, Wiikinson, and Wilson—26. 
NAYS— Messrs. Bayard, Bragg, Clingrnan, Douglas, 
Fiteh, Hunter, Johnson ofAtkansa.s, Kennedy, Lane, Nich- 
Polk, Poweli, Pugh, Saulsbury, Sebastian, and 
(Ason, 
Thomson—16. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. so the Senate 
suspends the order assigning to-day for the con- 
sideration of the Private Calendar; and the ques- 
[Mr. PUGH,) to refer this joint resolution to the 
Commit.tee on Patents and the Patent Offce 
Mr. BIGLER. hope, by general consent, 
table, will be read, and an order made to print the 
document; and then we can proceed with this 
question, which will undoubtedly lead to further 
discussion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent for 
the readine of the President's message. 
Mr. WADE. Let us have the vote upon this 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un- 
derstands the Senator from Ohio to interpose an 
objection to the consideration of the President's 
message • 
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on referring the joint resolution to the Com- 
mittee on Patents and the Patent Offce. 
Mr. BIGLER. Before that vote is taken, with- 
