808 
opt entering into the merits of the question, 1 de- 
sire 'to say, as chairman of the Committee on 
Patents, in order that all parties may understand 
exactly the .aspect of this question, that I shall 
feel required to call the committee toeether imme- 
diato.ßy, and report the facts in this case back to 
the Senate to-morrow morning. Therefore, there 
be only this poincnow to be decided: whether 
-there are any facts which are not known to -the 
Senate that. may be presented by. the committee. 
l,tbinbit right to say that the joint resolution, if 
referred, shall be promptly reported. back to the 
Semte, in order that the decision of the body may 
terminate its fate, and not the action of the com- 
mittee. 
Mr.-WA DE. do not think there is any ne- 
I believe it 
cessity-: for referring this resolution. 
pgrfectly understood by the Senate, and there- 
fore there is no use in referring it; and hence all 
-who intend to have the testimony complete before 
the Commissioner will vote against the motion to 
re&r. 
Mr. FITCH. I sincerely trust the Senator 
from Ohio will let the resolution take the usual 
course now, since this statement on the part of the 
chairman of the Comrnittee on Patents. That is 
all •the Senator ought to desire, and I trust cer- 
tainly the Senator will not drivc those opposed to 
the summary passage of this resolution into meas- 
ures which they might otherwise be unwilling to 
resort to, in order to prevent a finål vote to-day. 
Mr. WADE. I wish to state that it is not any 
distrust of the committee which impels me to ask 
for the immediate consideration of the resolution; 
but know that, in matters of this kind , delays are 
exceedingly dangerous, and that time is of the 
very essernce of thc whole matter. I must, there- 
fore, insist on a decision now. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 feel constrained, Mr. 
ident, to say a few words before the vote is taken 
on the question of reference. Some years two 
Mr. McCormick rnade an application t.o Congress 
to renew his original pater)t after it had expired. 
I took a very decided part inedefeating that re- 
newal by an act of Congress. 
voted for an act of Congress to renew a pat.ent. 
1 
have always believed that these controversies 
about patents ought to be referred to the Patent 
Offce, arid to the courts of justice; and that the 
Senate ought not to be converted into a court for 
the trial of these contested cases. 
I made the ob- 
jection to Mr. McCormick 's renewal after his pat- 
ent lmad expired, that the right to man facture these 
machines had vested in the public, and Congress 
had no- pov,rcr to divest (hat. right, arid give it back 
to him exclusively; and I cast the blame on him 
of having been guilty of negligence in not apply- 
ing to the Patent. Oifice in tiine to his renewul. 
.as be lost. the oriqrirtal patent. (hen, and now only 
holds a pate)'lt for certair) improvenncnts on his 
it seems that he 
orrrinal rnach 
has taken a 
hint ft•orn the lesson then taugl'lt him, a ad I 
plied no 'v at Ibo proper for a rene wa l, 
In tn•ne: und the ('act that. 
he l} as niade 
cation one year ud of' tbc expiration 
thc patent IS t'lOW brought up 
in conde n 
against him. Certainly (3ne of two things is true: 
eithcr his application at f.he Patent Office a year in 
advance of the ex of the patent is no good 
and valid objection now, or I did hirn "rent injus- 
tice uræino neo•lWence a oamst him before, 
bc- 
cause he had not made the application previous 
to the expiration of the patent. 
I do not know why the Senate should interfere 
With the due process of law in the extension of 
patents. I am aware that there is a great conflict 
between manufacturers of every patented article 
and the patentee. Those who hold a patent de- 
sire the cxclusive privilege, according to [heir 
right; and those who are engaged in the manufac- 
ture of articles, and pirating on a patent, wish to 
deft•at every renewal they possibly can. 
It is a 
contest between manufacturers generally. I know 
that my constituents are interested on both sides 
of the question. Mr. McCormick being one of 
my constituents, residing in my own town, has 
his establishment there; and there are rival estab- 
lishments engaged in the manuracture that would 
{ike LO use his improv€nnents, and all his pat- 
cnts, without being bound to pay the patent fee. 
I am not disposed, as; a Senator, to interfere be- 
tween these respective claims and rights. 'I'hc 
law has provided the mode in which they shall be 
adjusted. I have refused, heretofore, to entertain 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 8, 
the claims when they have come before me, and 
I do not feel disposed now, by any action of mine, 
to arrest the due execution of the laws of the land 
as they stand. Nor do I see any necessity for 
It seems that the counsel for 
this interference. 
thc contestants of Mr. McCormick's patent have 
declared that they have proof covering the whole 
case; that all the additional proof they wish to take 
hereafter is merely cumulative; and that they have 
no apprehension that the case can be decided 
against them. The issue, it seems, has been fairly 
made up under the law. Why should we inter- 
fere to defeat the judgment of the proper tribunal, 
whatever it may be, upon the issues that the par- 
ties have Inade up, and the proofs they have filed? 
I do not hear any complaint of any Impropriety 
or unfairness in thc taking of the testimony; and 
I can see no reason why we should interfere with 
this matter, for the purpose of reopening the 
issues between the parties. 
My colleague has referred to the amount of 
Mr. McCormick's receipts from the manufacture 
I apprehend 
and sale of machines as patentee. 
that the great amount of those profits v„ras under 
his original patent, which has long since expired, 
and which h is ri vals are now usinty without making 
I apprehend that buff-a 
him any compensation. 
very small portion of those profits have arisen 
under tbc patents for the improvements which are 
now matters of controversy. Hence, I do not 
think that has anything to do with the question; 
and very clearly it ought not to be considered 
by us, for the reason that the question of the 
suffciency or insufficiency of the profits to afford 
an adequate remuneration is, by law, left to the 
in that form, it will be accepted. All I desire is 
to have the joint resolution and papers go before 
the proper committee. 
Mr. YVADE. I hope that will not be agreed 
to. It is said that this is afl fbr the benefit of man- 
ufacturers; but does not the Senator from Illinois 
know that the cost of these patents comes out of 
the pockets of those who use them, and not of 
manufacturers? Fifteen dollars are paid on every 
patent reaper that is used in the United States; 
and that sum is taken frorn the farmers wbo use 
them. That is all I wish to say on that point. 
Nobody need be täken in by the sug(restion that 
this is a scramble between rival manufacturers. 
It is a question between the farmers of the coun- 
try and- a man who is already admitted to have 
got nearly four million dollars out of this same 
patent. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not think this is a ques- 
tion between the farmers and a man who is ad- 
mitted to have got $4,000,000 out of the patent. 
I do not think we should ever have heard a word 
about it if there were no rival establishments. 
The question is, whether these rival establish- 
ments, who do not own the patent, may pirate 
upon it without any remuneration to the man who 
made tbc invention and holds the patent. The 
law gives the right to the patentee to apply for a 
renewal in the event that he has not been suff- 
ciently remunerated for the patent. Whether he 
has been remunerated or not is, by left to 
the Commissioner of Patents, to ho has 
made his application in pursuance of law. There 
is no pretense of any unfairness, or any departure 
from law, or of any irregularity. W by not, then, 
discretion and judcment of the Commissioner of leave it to the Commissioner? The application 
was not made to the acting Commissioner, but to 
Patents. 
I shall not go into a review of the testimony. I the Commissioner of Patents appointed by the 
I hold that the Senate is incapable of goinc.r into President and confirmed bv the Senate? 
the details of the figures to ascertain thal fact; that Now, as to the that it is said he has 
it is properly left. by law to ()fiirm• exente,d for II received.; 
that, I thillk, is calculated to mislead. 
It is his business to decide the 
that, purpose. 
question; and I would no more interfere with his 
' right to decide that question under the law than 
woul(.f with tbc judgrnent of a court, 
or 'Vivo an opinion upon the merits of a judgment 
ought to be in advance of the 
Of the judgment, with a view to the 
re d itio 
I cat) not understand 
psst.ponerncnt of the trial. 
why, in this casc, •we arc to interfere and prevent 
a decision in due course of' law. If we are to do 
it in this case, wre shall have applications in every 
If a party is about to get beaten, or 
other case. 
a party has some advantao•e to gain by the 
position of the legislative power in the case, we 
shalE be called upon to interfere at, the instance of .1 
one party or the othcn• to control the decisions of 
department on matters that beloncr to them 
uudt_n• the law, with which we have no right to 
Nely obicc.t is to wash Iny bands of this whole 
If the Patent Office laws are wrong, 
lot, us a tnend tho not by provisions to 
eases, not. with a view of interferinn• 
Wilh one Inan 's rights, and secnrincr special priv- 
ilecres 10 another; 
but. let us correct those laws by 
trencral pro visions applicable hereafter to all cases, 
Why is it brought in here? What has the ques- 
of profits to do with this body in determining 
upon this question, unless wre are going, in fact, 
to set aside the law and come to conclusions on 
a staunnent of profits, instead of lea ving that ques- 
tion to the law officer to whom it belongs? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. lfmy colleague will allow 
me, if he alludes to the statement I made, I think 
he did not understand the connection in which I 
used it. The law which authorizes an exten- 
Sion of a patent requires a statement of accounts 
to be made to the Commissioner, and the Commis- 
sioncr must be satisfied that a reasonable remu- 
has not been received by the patentee for 
his labor and expense in introducing the inven- 
tion use, before he would be authorized to 
extend the patent. Hence, [he application 
bccn made a year befijre the patent expired, he 
could not. make up that account very well. That 
was the use which I made of it. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. On that point, Mr. President, 
I have a word to say in reply to rny colle.aoae. f 
II) ink he hus totally misapprehended the true state 
of the question. All of the account has been made 
up that can be made up, even if you make this 
extension before the decision is made. The re- 
and leaving the part.ies havino• interests involved sults of the sale of reapers correspond to the crop 
to bring themsetvcs within the provisions of the 
But, sir, I have an aversion to this interfer- 
ence in a special case, cither for the benefit of mau- 
afa.cturers, rival manuiåcturingcstablisbment.s, or 
of' patentees, ot• to the injury of' patentees. I have 
struggled to keep these patent controversies out 
of Congress ever since I have been here. 
I have 
never yet entertained a proposition to decide for 
or against a patent in this body. 1 think it better 
belongs to the courts, and to the Departments, than 
I fear that it would be a matter of favorit- 
to us. 
, it would lead to electioneering. 
we shall I 
have a lobby surrounding us and urginff us to 
interfere in this case, or that case; to give an ad- 
vantage to this, or a disadvantacc to that man; 
and we shall never get rid of it in the world, un- 
I less we leave it to the regular courts of law, and 
to those departments that are created by law to 
I decide these controversies. 
Mr. FITCH. 
I believe the question is on the i 
reference of the joint resolution to the Committee 
on Patents? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir. 
Me. FI'I'CH. 1 move question be mod. 
ified so as to refer with instructions to report the 
i joint resolution back to-morrow morning. I hope, i I do not know him by Bight; I do not know his 
of wheat and grain that would be cut by the reap- 
ers. When the year is through, and {he harvest 
is obtained, the accounts of the year arc made up. 
No accounts can bc made from the next. year 'g 
reapers until a year from now, when the patent 
will have expired. Hence, if you postpone it 
until April, 
until the 4th of .Tnlv, or 
the 1st of 
September, you do not bring into your account 
any one reaper that is not brought into the pres- 
ent account. He has brought up his account to 
the last year, which expires before the expiration 
of the patent The next year's work cannot be 
brought in between now and September; 
it can- 
not be brought into the account before the 1st of 
January, and the patent expires in October; and 
therefore it is an entire misapprehension to sup- 
pose that he has not brought into this account 
every dollar that can be brought in, even if you 
, grant an extension. If, on the contrary, it should 
be supposed that what might be manufactured be- 
tween now and the 1st of October, ought to be 
taken into account, the Commissioner could esti- 
mate the average of the previous years, or of the 
last year, and compute that up to the 1st of Octo- 
ber. 1 do not know who the Commissioner is; I 
