810 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 8, 
consequences; because my next question to him 
•.70üld be, whether, mif he had that power, which 
he- clearly has, the passing of this resolution would 
take itawayfromhim? This resolution is founded 
on thisidea: the Cömmissioner refuses, at the re- 
questofthecontestant$,to postpone the case. The 
contestants come here and ask Congress to inter- 
fere and say that he shall allow them time. Then 
the Senator makes a point: will you not allow 
the otherparty time? Does anygentleman deny, 
if we grant- the ninety days here by an act, and 
then -the applicant Wants further time, that the 
Commissioner has Ferfect power to grant it? We 
donot take it away from him in any shape or form. 
Therefore, there is nothing in the world in this 
point now such as might apply- to 
the-ear* but has no sort of application to the 
Mr. DOIJGLAS. I have noticed that when 
men find themselves incapable of maintaining an 
aroument, they hEive the indecency to talk about 
inen ever practicing law ought to know something. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President—— 
Mr. DOUGLAS. understand those allu- 
sions. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. But 1 do not understand 
the gentleman 's mode of speaking. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will tell you. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. What does the gentle- 
man mean by the word indecency 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will tell you what I mean. 
He said if I ever practiced law I ought to know 
something about It, and that was an indecent in- 
sinuation he should not have made. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator and 1 may 
differ in our opinion about it; but as to the ques- 
tion, who is decent and who is indecent, I am 
ready to put myself against him at any time, here 
or elsewhere. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not willing to put my- 
self against him on that comparison. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator would not 
im rove his position. 
he PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
must arrest the altercation between the Senators. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I insist that the Senator be 
called to order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Illinois is entitled to the floor. 
I sup- 
Mr. FESSENDEN. very well, sir. 
pose I must let him go on until he gets through. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from Illinois yield the floor to the Senator 
from Maine? 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not ask him to 
yic.ld it. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, 1 had dis- 
cussed this question in entire good temper. I had 
shown clearly, 'to the satisfaction of•every candid 
man, that, under this joint resolution us it stands, 
testimony can l.)e t.uken on one side and not on the 
other. I had hoped that it was (lone by inadvert- 
1 
ency. I had hoped that thero was no design. 
l•lence, when I 
had hoped it was not a trick. 
pointed it out, [ did not il')timatc that there had 
been a design. I could wish had silice 
occurred to satisfy rne that it isa design to legis- 
late Mr. McCormick out of his rights; and, sir, 
if it is not amended, it will stand as evidence to 
the world that it is done for the purpose of de- 
l'rauding him out of his rights in tl•fis trial. I will 
read the language: 
That the further tillie of ninety days be given to the par- 
ties interested in resistinrr— 
I havc- proposed to insert the words, or sup- 
porting 
the extension of the patent of Cyrus H. McCormick, for 
his patent reaper, or his nnprovmncnts or modifications of 
the same, to enable them to take testimony in opposition 
to said extension, to be used bcfhre the Connnissioner of 
Patents on the hearing of the application of the said Mc- 
Cormick tor an extension of said patent. 
Now, you propose to give an extension of time 
for a purpose. You specify the purpose in the i 
law. The case is now closed. The final decis- 
ion has been made against opening the testimony 
for either side. You propose by the law to open 
it for one side and allow testimony to be brought 
in against the applications and not to allow it to be 
brought in for the application. No matter what 
the law now may be, you change it by this joint 
resolution. 
After I had told him I did not know what the 
existing law vvras, for I never had u patent case, 
never was the agent of a patentee in my life, but 
always resisted them, the Senator then said, I did 
not choose to know. Sir, when I had told him 
frankly I did not know, that I was not a lobby 
member, and not in the employment of patentees 
or contestants and lobby agentS of any kind, and 
hence I did not know, I supposed that would have 
been sufficiently explicit, without the insinuation 
that I did not choose to know, and would not 
admit anything—an insinuation uncalled for. 
I had hoped that this resolution meant what 
was said on its face; that it meant to open it to 
both sides, to allow rebutting testimony. Hence 
I move to insert the words " or supportinø" the 
application, so that then it will allow testimony 
to be taken by those resisting the application or 
in support of it. Then it wilVbe fair; both parties 
will stand on an equality, and have a trial, accord- 
ing to the law as it now stands. If those words arc 
not inserted, I apprehend it will receive an oppo- 
I site construction i The House of Representatives 
are now- in session. There iVill be no trouble in 
making the amendment and let it go there and 
be concurred in and become a law before the sun 
sets to-day. It might be- done before we have 
done talking about this question, if the amend- 
ment were not resisted. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senatorfrom Illinois 
used the word " indecency" with reference to 
what I said before; and I might well ask anybody 
who heard him whether the insinuation, that oth- 
ers, not himself, were lobby agents and, patent 
agents here, was decent, as applicable to other 
members of the Senate, whoever he might have 
meant. That, I suppose, is a specimen of the 
Senator's idea of decency in debate; and coupled 
with a loud voice and an imperious manner, I 
suppose, it goos to make it out to the satisfaction 
of everybody. 
Now, sir, if the Senator had had the good sense 
(because even a Treat man may sometimes show 
a want of that common quality) to have been 
aware that what I said before was in perfect good 
and intended to be so, and sportive in its 
character, instead of getting into a rage tild as- 
suminx that sort of manner towards me, I tl'iink 
he would have apneared a great (leal better than 
he did. He ougl'it to have known that I cared 
nothing about this thing, and he did perfectly well 
know it. I know nothihg about the merits of tho 
case itself in any shape or form. The resolution 
coming up, I attempted to expose what I supv)osed 
to bc (and what i now think to be, unless the Seri - 
ator tells me that it is not so) a ruse of his in 
order to obtain an amendment to t.he resoluti01'1, 
and thus obtain delay, and thereby (l Ofeat it. 
appeared so to lne•, and why? II appeared so to 
me, because that was palpable on the face of it. 
I could not believe—not that mean to question 
the Senator's word in any particular—I could not 
suppose, when he said carclessly that he did not 
• lü'i0',v what the law was, that he meant anything 
n'lou•e than that hc did not choose to answer with 
reference to thatparticular point, because it. seemed 
it is unnecessary that a 
to me so perfectly plain, 
man should be a patent lawyer to know a thing 
so very common and apparent to cverybody as 
that seemed to mc to be. 
Now, sir, how does it stand when look at 
it calmly I am very sorry that I -svas be- 
traycd into a n y loudness of voice; bub man .is an 
imitative animal; he cannot help being loud some- 
times when his neighbors arc. [Laughter.] Let 
us look at this mighty question of law that has 
been raised here with reference to this matter. 
seems that there was an application pending be- 
fore the Commissioner of Patents for the renewal 
It does not require a great many 
of a patent. 
years' experience in the Senate to know that the 
Commissioner of Patents has power to renew a 
patent at the end of fourteen years, under certain 
circumstances; and I think it does not require 
very extensive knowledge or practice of law to be 
aware that any court, or any inan who is hearino 
a casc before him which he is not bound to term- 
inate for a year, may wait thirty, sixty, or ninety 
days, on the application of either party for the 
purpose of taking testimony. Now, what are the 
facts here? These contestants come before Con- 
gress, and say that they have this important ques- 
tion pending; that tho Commissioner has refused 
to extend the time for them to take testimony; 
and that their rights are in danger of being sacri- 
ficed; and a resolution is accordingly brought in, 
directing that, for the benefit o? the contestants, 
the time shall be extended. Does the Senator 
from Illinois really seriously mean to argue that 
if the" resolution passes in that shape, and the 
question is opened , the Commissioner cannot give 
Mr. McCormick all the time he requires? The 
Senator does not answer; and I have a right, there- 
fore, to conclude that he does not mean seriously to 
contend that. t.he passage of this resolution would 
if it would have no such 
have any such effect. 
effect, what in the world is to be gained, except 
delay and defeat, by amending this resolution and 
sending it back to the House of Representatives ? 
Nothing. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 wish the Senator from 
Maine to understand that I did say that it struck 
me, very clearly, that the passage of the resolution 
does have that effect. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator mean 
to say that it strikes him so now ? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly; clearly so. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. very well,Mr.President; 
then all I have to say about it is, that am sorry 
I cannot agree with the Senator; that the matter 
is perfectly plain to me thc other way, and that I 
am utterly surprised to hear a Senator of his in- 
telligence and his knowledge express such an 
It seems to mc surprism••, and I am 
opnpion. 
still more surprised to hear him charge me, as he 
does very distinctly, and those who have voted 
for. this resolution, with the cool and deliberate 
intention to get up a case here where testimony 
may be taken on one side and cannot be taken on 
the other, simply because his amendment is op- 
posed, and opposed on the ground that it is not 
necessary. Sir, was it necessary to make such 
an imputation of motive, of bad motive, upon the 
majority of the Senate who had voted for this 
resolution? It is an imputation of the grossest 
kind. I fccl that if I could vote understandingly 
for a resolution changing, in one particular, the 
course of legal proceedings, (for they are legal 
proceedings,) and gi ving rights to one party which 
I did not give to another, I should be committing 
a fraud on the legislation of' the country, and be 
guilty of an act for which I ought to be held up 
the reprobation of the community; and it is no 
light thing for the Senator from Iklinois, within 
the bounds of decency, to make such an imputa- 
tion on the majority of the Senate who have just 
acted on a question of this description. 
That, sir, is the explanation which I have to 
give to the Senator for what my vote has been, 
and will be, upon this resolution, and also of all 
that I designed to say originally, or in any por- 
tion of the remarks I made with reference to the 
Senator from Illinois. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, if the Sen. 
ator had said, when he knew that I considered his 
language objectionable, that he had used it play- 
fully, that would have been an end of the contro- 
versy, and nothing unpleasant would have oc- 
curred. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. All 1 said now, 1 thought 
the Senator ought to have known, without charg- 
ino• me with indecency in debate. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The manner was offensive, 
as well as the matter; and hence I took it that he 
wished the Senate to understand that he did use 
it in the fullest import of the words. Let that go. 
Now, sir, I did not charge anybody on the other 
side of the Chamber, or anywhcrc else, with im- 
I said that I 
proper motives in this question. 
neverdreamed that there was any other object than 
to give u fair trial by taking new testimony on 
both sides; and hence I was amazed when I found 
the amendment resisted which would give the. priv- 
ilege of taking testimony on both sidés, and i said 
that wished now that I could believe they in- 
tended to give a fair trial. The only reason I have 
for thinking the contrary is, that they are not 
willing to allow the amendment to be made so as 
to give it. 
T hc Senator from Maine wants to know whether 
the Commissioner, under the resolution, if it 
passes, will not have the power to give an exten- 
Sion of time to Mr. McCormick to take testimony, 
I answer, that I 
as well as to the contestants. 
think not. He thinks the Commissioner will have 
that power. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will not un- 
I did not ask whether he 
derstand my words. 
did not have the pow•er under the resolution. T be 
resolution does not specifically give it; but my 
question was, whether, if wc pass the resolution, 
