gil 
1861. 
he would not still have the power; notwithstand- 
ing the resolution ? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well. That is precisely 
the idea. l•intended to convey; but I accept his 
words, if they please him better. He thinks that, 
notwithstanding the resolution , the Commissioner 
will have the power. apprehend that he will not 
have it; but the Senator does not say it will be 
compulsory on the Commissioner if the resolution 
I do not understand him as saying that 
the Commissioner will be compelled to allow him 
to have the privilege. The Senator says nothing 
on that point. The resolution is compulsory that 
this privilege shall given to the contestants, but 
not compulsory that it shall be given to the pat- 
entee. But still, the Senator proposes to give an 
extension for the ninety days, until thcrc shall be 
a new Commissioner, with compulsory power to 
give the privilege to one side, and not compulsory 
on the other. He does not contend that it is com- 
pulsory to give the privilege of taking testimony 
on both sides. The most that he contends is that 
it may bedone. Suppose weextendthetimeninety 
days: then there will be a new Commissioner, a 
Commissioner appointed on the recommendation 
of the very mcn that now arc hurrying through 
this extension; and he will be compelled to give 
the privilege to one side, and not compcllcd to 
I trust there is no such in- 
give it to the other. 
tention as this—no such object. But what does it 
mean when Senators are not willing to insert the 
provision that testimony may be taken in support 
of the extension of the patent as well as against 
it? If it is compulsory on one side, I vv'ant it com- 
If you are going to leave 
pulsory on the other. 
It to the discretion of the Commissioner on one 
side, leave it to his discretion on the other. I do 
not want to have a resolution passed in these 
equivocal terms, that may decide a case involvino• 
a man's whole fortune, without giving him a 
chance to bc heard. 
Nor does it. reconcile me when the Senator asks 
if I seriously believe such is the construction. I 
cannot comprehend how a lawyer can believe 
It is inconceivable to my mind 
anything else. 
how any other construction can be put upon it. 
Clearly it is admitted that there is no compulsion 
on the Commissioner to grant the privilege to Mr. 
McCormick; but it is compulsory to grant it to 
his contestants, under this resolution; and in view 
of the fact that there is to. be a change of Com- 
missioner in the mean time, think the Senate 
ought to acquit itself of any suspicion on the part 
of anybody that there is any design in this, fur- 
ther than to give a fair trial. That can be done 
I do not want to 
by adopting my amendment. 
believe that there is any such design; and I think 
the vote of tl)e Senate will show, by adopting the 
amendment, that there is no such design. 
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, it sccms to me 
that the amendment proposed by t.he honorable 
Senator from Illinois ourht to be made to thisjoint 
resolution, without reference to the question how 
gentlemen may suppose the Commissioner will 
decide, if the amendment be there or be not there. 
We must take the facts as they stand. The Com- 
missioner has ylready had before him the ques- 
mony, and he has twice decided it; the proofs are 
closed, under the existing law, according to his 
decision. He has closed the proofs on both 
sides. 
Now, the proposition is, by special legislation, 
to compel him to extend the time on one side 
alone. I do not know the construction the Com- 
missioner will give to this joint resolution. Under 
the law as it stood before, undoubtedly, without 
reference to this resolution, the Commissioner 
might have extended the time on either side. He 
declined to do so; thc proofs were closed; and I 
suppose every equity lawyer understands the 
meaning of that. The proofs •were closed by ju- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE". 
bound by it. This -resolution provides that, as a 
matter of righ t, one side alone may take testimony. 
His discretion as to that is gone. The time is 
specified—that they shall have pinety days more. 
All discretion is put an end to on one side alone. 
It only shows what all this special legislation will 
end in; this interference by Congress with the 
performance of duties judiciai'in their nature. "Of 
course, favoritism and partiality. It can end in 
nothing else. When the Commissioner comes 
to look at this law of yours, he finds his discre- 
Is he going to revise the 
tion gone on one side. 
action of Congress, and say, ' ' I have already 
decided, under the general laws, on the facts be- 
fore me, that there is no ground whatever for 
opening the proofs in this case, or extending the 
time; and am compened, without regard to dis- 
cretion, to extend it on one side alone: does that 
render it obligatory on me; is it my duty, taking 
that law, (which binds me to the extent that it is 
compulsory, and no further,) to throw the case 
open on the other side, when Congress have seen 
1 think 
fit to throsv it open on one side alone 
it very doubtful. I will not say that he would 
be prohibited by this resolution from openibg the 
proofs on the other side; but, taking the just con- 
clusion as applied to the facts as they exist now, 
that the proof's have been closed on both sides, 
I doubt whether the present Commissioner would 
open the proofs except to the extent that your law 
compelled him to do it. 
But take a step further: Suppose the existing 
Commissioner, within the next forty days, should 
be removed frorll offce, and the application should 
be made under this resolution, thc language of 
which is " that the parties interested in resisting 
the extension of the patent' '—the right is given to 
shall have a right to take testi- 
them alone—" 
mony in opposition to the extension." This is 
the resolution as it stands. It is mandatory, and, 
of course, he must let them take testimony for 
ninety days; it gives thetn an absolute right be- 
yond his discretion. When he turns to the case 
otherwise, under the former law which gave a 
discretion, he may say, " I cannot let you take 
testimony on the other side, because the decision 
of my predecessor has foreclosed the matter; he 
has decided, after hearing, that the proofs were 
closed; it is not. for me to revise hisactlon, founded 
on any equity arising out of this act of Congress; 
for if Congress had meant that the proofS should 
be opened on both sides, they would have so pro- 
vided in the law, and not provided without refer- 
ence to discretion, that they should be opened on 
one side alone. 
This is the view I take. Without assuming 
what the. decision may be, it may well be that, 
under this resolution, the Commissioner may de- 
cline to take testimony except on one side. On 
the other side it is mandatory; he is obliged to 
take it, if your resolution passes. That is not jus- 
It is an interference by legislation with a 
judicial investigation with regard to rights between 
man and man; but it is only characteristic, in rny 
judgment, of the whole system. I have nothing 
to do with the motives of gentlemen; I impeach 
the motives of no one; but it is the falsity of the 
system that I protest aøainst; it is the danger of 
the precedent of Congress interfering for the pur- 
pose-of disturbing the course of justice, (because 
It is the course of justice in this case, where the 
action is by the appropriatc offccr skilled in his 
offce under an existing law,) and undertaking to 
interfere with the course of his proceedings on 
the application of one side. You cannot distin- 
guish this case from the one which I stated to 
you. If you have right properly to pass such 
a law as this and arrest an investigation, which 
is judicial in its character, before the Commis- 
sioner of Patents, and extend the time for taking 
to •-keep 'legislation distmet judieiål 
action,' in thc one casser than' in-twe othér•.' 
Sir, I am pei•fec'tly aware, from dhé-iiotué Which 
have been taken, that the 
tion appears to be a foregone•corichisiori-. 
vote, -however, for Athearnendment; because 
ricpht•, and the resolution ought to havex béeri* Sö 
originally framéd, if •it is to be -passed at 
that fails, doubtless the resöluiion Will 
out amendment. Theui-, the 'last höPé 
that the President of •thé United States 
suffcient regard for the Federal" Cdnstifu±ion to 
send your resolution back to you; arid then-I do 
not think you can get quite two thirds of'the S&n• 
ate to pass it. 
Mr. PUGH. 'I' want the attention of Sen' 
ator• from Maine for a moment, as he was so coh- 
fident ili his legal propoSition. 1 say the p@ssage 
of this joint resolution will; have theéffect to åvoiå 
the renewal of the patent, if it is-grahted,-if'l un- 
derstand the act before me. This act=thé of 
1836—provides: 
Whenever any patentee of an •inventibh* Oi- dßebvery 
shall desire an extension of his patent -beyonä' the term Of 
to the Commissioner. of the Patent Office, setting-forth the 
grounds thereof; and the Commissioner Shill, 00 tbeeap-, 
plicant's paying the sum of-fbrty dollars to the credit Of the 
k'l'reasury, as in the case of original applieationfor.a-pdt-: 
ent, cause to be published, in one or rnöre of the •principali 
paper or papers as he may deem proper, published' in the. 
section of country most interestéd adversely to the exien, 
Sion of the' patent, a notice of such application, and of, the 
tinie and placc where and when the same will be consid- 
ered, that any person may appear and show cause why the 
extension should not be granted. "—Brightly's Digest of the 
Laws of the United States, p. 733. 
A subsequent section fixes the term of the a-d- 
vertisement at ninety days,-and requires the C@m- 
missioner, upon the application benng made, to reé 
mit it to the chief examiner of patents, who "shall 
inquire into the novelty of the original claim; and 
also requires the applicant to make and file under 
oath a certain statement of his profits. NOW, ob- 
serve, that the notice is to all the -world -tp appear 
on a day certain. That is the only notice they 
have. When that day comes, they are to be there. 
If they arc not there, of course their rights are 
foreclosed. That notice has been given in this 
case; the testimony has been closed. Certain per- 
sons saw fit to resist; others did not. They did 
not find it necessary to resist upon that testimony 
or upon that stato of the case. Now,'if we inter- 
fere, and grant anothér hearing to particular par- 
ties, those who did not choose under the former 
state of the case, to appear at the former hearing, 
will not be bound by the decision in favor of re- 
newing the patent. There is a decision to that 
effect by one of the circuit courts, as appears from 
this note in Brightly's Digest: 
The grant of a patent is not, of itself, a bar to an inter- 
locutory injunction in favor of one claiming to he a prior 
patentee of the same thing, such person not having received 
notice at thc Patent Oßice to appear and be 
son vs. Barnum, 1 Wallace,jr., p. 347, 
The diffculty is, that Mr. MCCormick's proof 
is ended as against all the world; the time has ex- 
pired. Thc Commissioner•might possibly enlarge 
It as to these parties; he cannot enlarge it as to 
anybody else. We cannot grant it for Mr. Mc- 
Cormick in such a way as to give him a valid claim 
against other persons, though these parties might 
possibly be taken, by consent or by application, 
to be bound; and that is the consequence of this 
Ottempt to interfere by resolution of Congress 
with grave controversies between parties pending 
before an appropriate tribunal. 
next, that if some counsel, having causes heard 
in the Supreme Court of the United States, feara 
decision adverse to the interests of their clients, 
they will be here; and if they are of the right pol- 
itics, and suffciently industrious, I suppose we 
proofs in a case where the general law leaves that shall be called upon to grant new trials in that 
as a matter of jud icial discretion, with a full knowl- 
I said at the outset, that I wanted the commit- 
edge of the facts, to hiln, you have just the same 
dicial decision, or on motion made. Then comes 
right, if a case is pending in a circuit court of the tee to examine this joint resolution; but I have 
in special legislation—special manda- 
now examined it suffciently to come to' a conclu- 
tory for the benefit of one Sidc alone, and reopen- Uiiited States, and on the application of one of 
ing, as matter of right, the proofs on side, the parties the court decides that the proofs are Sion in my own mind; and, as 1 intimated in 
and leaving it discretionary on the other. If these ii closed, and refuses him lime to take further tes- I beginning, I am satisfied that the passage of%this 
parties were to come before the Commissioner II timony, and sets down the case for trial at a given joint resolution will give Mr. McCormick a claim 
day, to undertake in the interion to reverse the I which he will press against your Government. It 
without this resolution, of course, ho would say, 
, is the design of these parties,rl am now satisfied, 
in the particular case 
decis;on of the court made 
to interrup-t the due and regular- administration of 
The question is decided; you have had two ar- 
to compel the court, to allow testimony to bc 
fbundation for reopening the case." They bring taken on one side alone. There would bc no justice in the Patent Offce;in- order-to wrest ,his 
patent from him, and turn him over against -the 
greater violation of the spirit the Constitution; 
It is a clear vio- 
now this joint resolution. You have the power 
to pass it; and the Commissioner will doubtless be no greater violation of the great general rule that is \ Treasury of the United States. 
