1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
819 
mediate qnsv,rer, you will-communicate to him that his an- 
swer rnay be. transmitted, within a reasonable t.i:ne, to the 
Governor, at this place, [C.harleston, South Carolina.] 'Ithe. 
Goyernordoes not consider it necessary that you [I] should 
refiiain longer in VVashington than is necessary to execute 
duty of your [Iny•] mission, in the nmuner 
now indicated to you, [Inc.] As soon as the Governor 
shall" receive fronl you inlöpmation that you have closed 
your -mission, and the reply, whatever may be, of the 
President, he wilt consider the conduct which will be ne- 
cessary on his part. 
Allow ine to request. that you would, as soon as possible„ 
inform rne, whether. under these instructions. I need await 
yout answer in Washington. And if'not,l would be plcased 
to convey from you to my Governjnent, intOrnration as to 
the time when an answer may be expected in Charleston. 
With consideration, I have the honor to be, very re- 
ISAAC W. HAYNE, 
spectfuily, 
Special Envoy. 
STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE OFFICE, 
HEAD QCAR'i'ERS, CHARLESTON, January 12, 1861. 
SIR : At the tirne ot• the separation 01' the State ot' South 
Carolina fi•orn the United States, Fort Sumter , was, and 
still is, in the possession of troops of the United States, 
under the connnand of Major Anderson. I regard that pos- 
session as not consistent with the dignity or safety of the 
State ot South Carolina, and have this day addressed to 
Major Anderson a communication, to obtain fi•on) bim the 
possession of that fört. by the autuorities of this State. The 
reply of Major Anderson jnförtns me that he has no aut.hor- 
ity to do what I required; but he desires a relOrence of the 
demand to Line President of the United States. Under the 
circumstances now existing, and which need no connnent 
by Ine, I hüve detennined to send to you Hon. l. VV. Hayne, 
the attorney general of the State oti South Carolina, aud 
have instructed hillk to demand the delivery ov Fort Gunl- 
ter, in the harbor of Charleston, to the constituted author- 
ities ot• the State of South Carolina. 
'Ithe deknalld have 
made Gt• Major Anderson, and which I now *nake of you, 
is sugcre,sted because of my earnest. desire to avoid the blood- 
shed which a persistence in your attPlnpt. to ret.aill pos- 
session of Lhat will cause, and '.vhicil wili be unavailing 
to secure to you that possession, but induce a calatnity 
deeply to be deplored. 
If consequences so unhappy shali 
ensue, will secure for this State, in the desnaud whiell I 
now- Inake, the satisiäction of havina exhausted c•very 
atten•pt to avoid it. 
In relation to the public property of tho IJnited States 
within Fort Suuntcr. n on. I. WV. [Jayli(). who x,vilE hand you 
this connnunication, is autoorized to give you l.he pledge 
of the State that the valuation of' sunch property will be 
accounte(i for by this State upon the adjust:nentof its rela- 
tions with the United States, of which it was a part. 
F. W. PICKENS. 
To the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES. 
WAR DEPARTMENT, February 6, 1861. 
SIR : The President of the United States has received 
your letter of the 31st ultimo, and has charged me witli the 
duty of replying thereto. 
in the addressed to {he President by Gov- 
ernor Pickens. under date ofthe 12th of January, aud which 
accornpanies yours Flow betore nw, his Excellency says : 
I have decerrnined to send to you Hon. t. WV. llaync, the 
attorney generat of the State or South Carolina, and have 
instructed hiln to demand thc surrender of Fort Surnter, in 
the harbor of Charleston, to the constituted authorities of 
the State or South C,arolina. "l'hc detnand havc Inade of 
Major AnderSon, and which I now tnakc of you, is sua- 
gested because of my earnest desire to avoid the 
which a persistence in your atternpt to retain the posses- 
Sion of that fort wili cause, and which will be unavailing 
to secure to you that possession, but induce u calanli ty 
deeply to be deplored." 'I'he character of the Lhus 
authorized to be made appears—under the influence, PIC- 
stune. ott the correspondence with the Senators to H'hieh 
you refer—to have been rnodified by subsequent instruc- 
tions of his Excellency dated thc 26th, and received by your- 
If it be so 
selt• on the 00th of January, in which he says : 
that Fort Sujnter i* hei(l ns property. then as property, the, 
rights, whatever they rnay• be, of' the United States, can be 
; and {Or the satisfaction of,thesc rights, the 
ascertained 
pledge of tbc State of South Carolina you are authorized 
to give." T lie full scope and precise purport of your in- 
structions as thus modified, you have expressed jn the fol- 
lowing words: I do notco:ne as a military man to demand 
the surrender of a fortress, but as the legal offcer of the 
State—its attorney "eneral—to clailll {Or thc State the c.xer- 
cise of'its undoubted of mnincnt domain, aud LO pledge 
thc State to Inake good aki injury to the rif-rllts of property 
which arisc from the exercise of the claini." And lest Q)ig 
explicit languaae. should not suflieiently define your posi- 
tion, you add: 'I'l'e proposition is, that her [South 
(_)atolina's] law officer should, under authority of' the Gov- 
ernor and his Council, distinctly pledge the faith of South 
Carolina to Inake such cornpensation, in regard to Fort 
Eumter and its appuptbnanccs and cc;ntents, to the full 
extent of the Inoney value of the properly of the United 
States deiivcred over to the authorities of South Carolina 
by your conunand.*' You then ado-pc his Excellency's train 
of thought upon the subject so far as to suggest that the 
possession of Fort Sumter by the Unjted States, if con- 
tinued long cnouzh, must lead to collision," and that ' 
attack upon it would scarcely improvc it as property, what- 
ever the result, and if captured, it would longer be the 
subject of account." 
Tl'he proposal then, now presented to the President, is 
simpls,• an offer on the pact ot' South Caroiina to buy Fort 
Stnntcr and contents as property of the U lifted State 
s, sus- 
taiue.d hy a declaration. in eflQet, that if she is not peril) i!ted 
seize 1 ne iOrt. bv force of 
to unalit,• tile purchase she 
anns•-. As; mhe of a negotial.ion for the transiQr of 
this proposal 
property between friendly 
presses the Prcsidcnt as having assumed a 
however, investigated the claim ort which 
fortn. 
it professes to be based, apart from the deciarati01i that 
accrnnpallics it. And it may be here remarked, Lhat 
stress has been laid upon the employment of the 
property" and pubiic property," by tlie President in his 
Ellhese are the niost comprehensive 
Inesss;igres. 
terms which can be used in such a connection, and surely, 
when re;Urring to a tort or any other public establishment, 
they einbraced the entire and undivided interest of the 
'l'he title of the United States to Fort 
Governnwntthcreiu. 
Sunlter is coznpicte and incontestable. Were its inteæst I 
in this property purely proprietary, in t.he ordinary accepta- 
tion of the tcrln, it tnigi)t probably be subjected to the exer- 
cise of the' right of enliitent, (it-unain; but it has also politi- 
eal relations to it of a inueh Ili"Uer and more imposina 
etiae•acter thar, those of Inere proprietorship. It his abso- 
lute jurisdiction over ibe tort and the soil on which it stands; 
'l'his jurisdiction consists in the authority to exercise 
exclusive legislation" over the property referred to, and is 
therefore clearly ineo:npatihle with the claim of eminent 
domain insisted upon by South Carolina. 'J.'his author- 
ity was not derived from any questionable, revolutionary 
sol-n•ce, but frorn the peaceful cession of South Carolina 
herself, acting through her Legislature, under a provision 
of the Constitution ot' the United States. South Carolina 
can no Inore assert the. right of eluine11L domain over Fort 
Sumter than Maryland can assert it over the District of 
The political and propriétary rights of the 
Coltunbia. 
United Statcs in either case, rest upon precisely the same 
ground. 
Prcsident, however, is relieved from the necessity 
of further pursuing this inquiry, bythc fact, that whatever 
gnay be the clann of South Carolina to this fort, he has no 
constitutional power to cede or surrender it. 'I'he property 
of the United States has been acquired by force of public 
law, and can only be disposed of under the saine solernn 
'Rhe President as the head of' the 
sanctions. 
hranchni' the Governrnent only, can no inore. sell and trans- 
Fort Su:nter to South Carolina, than he can sell and 
convey the Capitol of the United States to Maryland or to 
anv other State, or individual, seeking to possess it. 
Excelleucv;the is too Paniiliar with the Consti- 
tution ot• tike Unilctl States, a.nd with the limitations upon 
the powers of the Cilicf Magist.rate of the Gover•nrnent it 
has established, not to appreciate at once, the soundness 
this legal proposition. 
'I'he quest *Chi of reiniöre.ing Fort. Skilliter is so fully dis- 
posed of in 11) y letter to Senator Slidell 
aud others, under 
(late 01' the 2•2d January—a copy which aecotnpanies 
this—that discussion will not now be renewed. 1 then 
Nt the present it is not (leetné(i necessary 
to A-Iajor Anderson, bccausc he makes no such 
his satoty, however, require reinforce- 
Should 
xnent*, every eflOrt "'ill be Inade to supply t.ln_.nn. 
I can 
nothing to the explicitness of' this language, which 
stilt applies to the exist.ing status. The right to send fbr- 
ivard reinförceinents when , in the judgznent or the, Presi- 
dent, the safety of tbc garrison requires them, rests on thc 
saine unquestionable thundation as the right to occupy tile 
förtrcss itself'. 
In the lotter of Senator Davis and others to yourselt, 
think it especially due t•rcnn South Carolina to our States 
—to say nothing of other slaveholding States—that she 
as thr as can consistently with her honor, 
should, 
initiatiug hostilities between hcr and the United 
avoid 
States any other and you now yourself give to 
assurance that. " South Caro- 
the Presidcut. the 
lina has every dispos•ltion to preserve the pubiie peace 
sincerely ani:nated by the sazne 
and, since he 
desire, it. would scctn that, this connuon and patriotic ob- 
It is ditlicult., how- 
ject :nust. be of certain 
attairnnent. 
ever, to reconcile w•it.h this assurance the declaration 
it is a consideration of her [South Cavo- 
your part thar 
the saik:t.v of her 
lina s] ()ivn (lignity a sovereign. 
to (loxnand that this property 
w hiell pts h p r 
should not longer be used as a Niiiitary post by a Govern- 
thought you 
no 1011 gcr ack nowledues. 
alid the 
so constantly present, that this occu must lead to a 
coil ision of' arni*, and tlne prevalence o? civil war. 
Sumter is in itself' a ruilitary post, and nothing else ; and 
it would seein that not so 'nuch toe tact, as the purpose or 
its use, sliould give to it a hostile or friendly character. 
'l'bis fortress is nosv held by the Government of tile United 
States, tor tbc saine objems Ibr which it has been 
'l'bese are na- 
frotn the co:npletion of' its construction. 
tionai and defensive ; and were a public cnelny now to at-. 
tunpt. the capture of Charleston, or the destruction of the 
connuercc of its harbor, the fOrcc of the batteries of 
this fi-n•tress would he at once exerted for their protection. 
Ilow the lit•esencc of a sillall garrison, actuated by such a 
spirit as this, can the dignity or honor of South 
Carolina, or beeolne a sourcc of' irritation to her people, 
Thc attitude of 
the President is at a loss to understa\ld. 
that garrison, as Iras been often declared, is neither jncna- 
cing defiant, nor unfriendly. It is acting under orders 
to staud strictly on the defensive, and tbc aovernn-aeilt and 
people of South Carolina must well kniv that they can 
never receive aught but shelter frorn its guns, unless, in the 
absence of all provocation. they should assault it, an'd seek 
its destruction. The intent w•ith which this förtress is held 
by the President is truthfully stated by Senator Davis and 
others, in their letter to yourself of the 15th January, in 
It is not hold with any hostile or un- 
which they say : 
friendly purpose towards your State, but merely as prop- 
erty of the IJnited States, which the President demns it 
his duty to protect and preserve." 
If the announcernont. so repeatedly made of the Presi„. 
dent's pacific purposes in continuing the occupation of Fort 
Sutnter until the qucstion shall have been settled by com- 
pet-ent authority has tåiled to impress the of 
South Carolina, the forbearing conduct of his administra- 
'Or thc few' inontbs should be recei.ved as coneiu- 
And tnis forbearance. 1 u 
Sive evidence Of' his sincerity. 
1k i? i' i ich have so severe: v tried it- 
be as satisfactory pfedce Qt the. peaceful poi • 
i South Carolina, then it 
be aliirtne.a chat neither ianouawe nor conduct 
of that State shall assault Fort Sümter, and. peril. the lives 
of _the •handful ot"braye- and men {up Mithin. 
walls. and thus piunge our common country iht01the hor- 
rors of civil war; then upon• them -and-thoseueyreprésOfit 
must rest the responsibility. 
Very respectfully, your obedient servant, 
J. [IOLT,' Secretary of War.. 
Hon.J. W. HAYNE, 
attorney General of State OJ South Carolina. 
P. S. The President bas not, as. you h(lvc been inforrpéd, 
received a copy of thc letter to yourself from ihe-.SéåatOrS, 
communicating that of Mr. Holt of the 22d 
JOHN JOHNSTON, 
Mr. ETHERIDGE., The, Committee on ln- 
dian Affairs have directed me to report båc"k- 
bill, which has been once recommitted to them, 
for the relief of John Johnston, of Ohio. I will 
simply say that Mr. Johnston is now in this city; 
and if the House is to pass this bill, it ought to 
be passed now. He has been forty years nn thc 
service of the Government; and the character of 
his services are attested by Calhoun, by Cass, 
and other old men of the day; and Imust confess 
föel an interest in this case, though I häVenever 
seen Mr. Johnston. I leave the matter to the 
I hope they will- pass •the bill. 
House. 
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary 
of the Interior to cause to be paid to John John- 
ston, of Ohio, the sum of $10,839 50, as full com- 
pensation for extra services rendered by him 
the capacity of agent for the Shawnee Indians; 
and disbursin«y money among the Wyandotte 
I ndiuns, which services were rendered between 
the years 1818 and 1829; and that that sum shall 
be in full satisfaction of all claims by him in con- 
sequence of any service performed by him in that 
Kfß. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I suppose 
that bill goes to a Committee of the Whole on the 
do not know anything abOut 
Private Calcndaf. 
the bill. 
Mr. ETHERIDGE and others appealed to Mr. 
WASHBURNE to withdraw his objection. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f This bill ap- 
propriatcs $10,000 and upwards, and we know 
nothing about what it is for; but will Withdraw 
rny objection until I hear the report read. 
The re ort was then read. 
Mr. of Illinois. 
I must ad- 
here to my objection. 
Mr. PENDLETON. i hope the bill will be 
recommitted to the Committee on Indian Aflhirs. 
I move that 
Mr. BLAKE. 1 object to that. 
it be referred to a Committee of the Whole House. 
'Phe question being first put upon the motion to 
rccornmit, it, was carried. 
So the bill was recommitted to the Committee 
on Indian Affairs. 
INDIAN TITLES IN OREGON, mc. 
on motion of Mr. ETHERIDGE„the Com- 
mittee on Indian Affairs was discharged from the 
further consideration of the memorial of certain 
citizens of Oregon and Washington, asking for 
relief for certain Indian tribes; and the same was 
laid on the table. 
INDIAN AGENTS, ETC. 
on motion of Mr. ETHERIDGE, the Com- 
mittee on Indian Affairs was discharged _from the 
further consideration of a resolution of tho ouse 
ot• Representatives, dirccting the Cornmk be on 
Indian Affairs to inquire and report whether any 
offces of superintendents of indian •affairs, In- 
dian agents, or interpreters, now authorized by 
law, can be dispensed with. 
PROPERTY DESTROYED BY INDIANS. 
on motion of Mr. ETHERIDGE, the Com- 
mittec on indian Affairs was discharged from the 
further consideration of the memorial. of Lloyd 
Brook and others, asking pay for property de- 
stroyed by hostile Indians. 
TAXES IN KANSAS. 
on motion of Mr. ETHERIDGE, the Com- 
mittee on Indian Affairs was discharged from tho 
further consideration of the memorial of citizens 
of Wyandotte county, Kansas, in -reference to 
taxing lands for generai purposes. 
'I'RACT, KANSAS. 
on motion Mr. ETHERIDGE, the Com- 
mitcee on indian Affairs was dischargedfrom the 
[f, all the lilu)tiplied proofs 
can poss•ikjky furliish onc, 
which exist of the President's anxiety for peace, and of the further consideration of a resolution instructing 
I earnestness whien he nas pursued il, tne authorities them to :nquire into the expediency of pi•oviding 
