THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE: 
1861, 
821 
and I suppose we„mayhave- them read and voted Or particular form, in what language of prayer, 
u on at the same time with • the resolutions from in. what language of petition, in what language of 
supplication, the people are to come before the 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now legislative body of the country. Sir, they may 
come in any form that they choose. They are 
is on- receiving the other resolutions; but by unan- 
imous consent, the resolutions just submitted by not very stylish people—many of our constitu- 
ents; they are not versed in the ceremonies and 
the(Senator from Iowa may be read. 
forms and etiquette by which greai bodies. are to 
Mr. MASON. One will dispose. of the other, 
I object to the reception of the paper be approached; but in whatéver language they 
I presume. 
express their free will on these subjects, they have 
offered by the Senator from Iowa while the other 
It is confined to no form, re- 
a ricrht to do it. 
question is pending. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Let us decide 
tion whiOh is before us now. 
Thé VICE SPRESIDENT. The ,question is, 
will- the Senate receive the re oluti s presented 
by the Chair? 
Mr. HALE. I had hoped ever to be called 
upon to vote on this question but 1 simply 
want to say a single word, not to be misunder- 
stood. It seems that some gentlemen misunder- 
stand the position of the Senate.. There is no 
want of respect to the party that passes these 
resolutions—the Democratic party—or anybody 
else; but they are not appropriate to the business 
of the Senate; they arc not addressed to the Sen- 
ate; they are not petitions; they are the proceed- 
ings ofa party convention; and they have passed 
a vote requesting that they be sent here. Now, 
sir, notwithstanding what has been said, I under- . 
take to say that; since I have been a member of 
the Senate, which is more than twelve years, the 
practice of the Senate has been uniform, whenever 
this question has been raised. It was raised during 
the great discussion of 1850, over and over again. 
By the advice of the great men who then consti- 
tuted this Senate—such men as Mr. Webster, 
Mr. Calhoun, and Mr. Clay—resolutions like 
these, not pertaining to the business of the Sen- 
ate, not addressed as a petition to the Senate, were, 
without exception, refused; and such has been 
the uniform position of the Senate, and i hope the 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 think thatwe should 
not receive any applications or declarations of 
opinion on any subject, that are not addressed 
substantially or iri form to the Senate of the Uni- 
If the gentleman from Iowa, for in- 
ted States. 
stance, is requested by resolution to present to the 
Senate the proceedings to which he has referred, 
then I consider them substantially an appeal or 
If not, of course they do 
petition to the Senate. 
not belong to us. 
This question now is depending before the 
Senate on the resolutions which presented here, 
which I was desired to lay before the Senate, evi- 
strained by no law. The Constitution says it 
shall not be; but they shall have an open, free 
highway, to come before the legislative body, and 
to express their opinions. 
I am glad that the yeas and nays are called for. 
It is a question of more importance generally than 
we maybe led to believe on this occasion. It may 
not be of such importance in this particuiarcase, 
though I can scarcely imatyine a more important 
question. When their Government is tottering 
to its fall; when not only Government, but soci- 
ety, is in danger of subversion; when not only 
peace is in danger, but when war stands frown- 
Ing and confronting us, shall the people be re- 
strained as to any form in which they may express 
themselves, and beg to be rescued frorn these im- 
I would have demanded 
minent perils? No, sir. 
the yeas and nays myself, if it had not been done. 
The people are using their privilege. Most pa- 
triotically are they using it. Mormng after morn- 
inp• is consumed in the mere presentation of their 
petitions. They have an interest, a deep interest. 
They think upon this subject; they feel upon this 
subject; and they have a right to make their 
thoughts and their feelings known without tram- 
mel or restraint, provided only that it is shown 
that they intend that their proceedings, that their 
addresses, should be laid before the Senate of the 
United States. 'I'hat is all that is necessary; and 
where they have expressed that desire, I shall un- 
questionably vote for receiving their resolutions. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. understand it was the 
colleague of the Senator frotn Kentucky that 
offered rcsolutions some days ago which the Sen- 
ate declined to receive. I do not wish myself to be 
misunderstood in regard to this question. I am as 
much for the rightof petition, in Its largest sense, 
as the i*nator from Kentucky; but we should not 
confound things which are unlike. These are 
thc proceedings of a party convention; and the 
objection, I suppose, that is naade to receiving 
such proceedings is, that they encumber the rcc- 
ord, and are not petitions, but resolutions arrived 
at by party meetings in different portions of the 
dently intended to be addressed to the body and country. If one is presented, another may be; 
and we shall have all the long resolutions, adopted 
to influence, as far as the opinion of the petition- 
ers Could influence, the proceedings of Congress. by various parties in all sections of the. country, 
The question is now depending on them, and they I presented here, taking up our time without ac- 
were not rejected, as my friend from Illinois seems complishing any object; and, as it seems to me, 
they do not come within the rule for the reception 
to suppose. 
If they do, they certainly ought to 
of petitions. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was another one, per- 
haps, that [ had in my mind. The Senate on one 
occasion refused, I think, to receive the proceed- I 
ings of some meeting; I do not remember what 
it was. I am indifferent about this; I merely want 
the rule uniform. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 desire, as the ques- 
tion has been for some time pending before the 
Senatc upon the petition I presented , that that may 
now be allowed to supersede the present question 
It is identical, to be sure, with 
and be decided. 
the question now presented; but it is violating the 
priority in point of time in which the petitions are 
presented, and the question made, to consider this 
I am clearly of opinion that wherever such 
papers are, directly or Indirectly, by plain inten- 
be received. 
I do not desire, however, to take up any time 
in regard to it; and I think the easiest way to bring 
the Senate to a vote at once is, to move to lay the 
question of reception on the table; and I make 
that motion. 
Mr. COLLAMER. What is the 
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'Phe question is 
whether the Senate will receive the resolution; on 
which the yeas and nays have been ordered. The 
Senator from Illinois moves to lay that question 
on thc table. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will my mo. 
tion if the Senator desires to speak. 
Mr. COLLAMER. For one moment. 
tion, if not by word, intended to be addressed to Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw it. 
the Senate of the States, they come within II Mr. COLLAMER. I merely wish to call at- 
WILSON.- that 
withdrawn, and. that we- shall -take a' d_iF.ect rote 
on this question of. reception, and settle: the, quesa 
tion once for all, and spend aböutit. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. we can take a vote, -1 
have no objection. 
Mr. PUGH. -I only wish:to say 
Senator will withdraw the motiom , I.w.s about. 
to make the remark which the.Seoutorfrom 
mont has made, .that the. don-yen- 
tion itself—that proceed be .,pr-e• 
sented by the Vice President to the 
tainly a petition. r know we run some trisksi-in, 
this matter; but I take it that ordinary,conven. 
tions of political parties to nominate candidates, 
and pass their resolutions, do not gareabout have 
ing them presented, to the Senate.. This was,no 
such convention. It was a convention. of dele- 
gates representing tbc entireState, and both frug- 
ments into which the party was lately separated; 
and I have reason.- to believe that their-sentiment9 
in this respect, expressed in the , resolutions* 
are the sentiments also of the party in Ohio.which 
supported Mr. Bell in the last campaign. They 
do speak to a question now beforethe,Senateand 
I before Congress; and they, in their character; 'as 
I citizens, through their delegates fairly chosen, 
express their wishes; and so far as they qan have 
anv influence, they ought to be propcrly weighed. 
do not know that I can say anything more. 
I have withheld a number, of FÉOceOdings of 
meetings where there was no requést to present 
them to the Senate; and in some cases have re, 
turned them. But until the case which my friend 
from Kentucky [Mr. CRITTENDEN] had here the 
other day , Ldid not recollect any case of proceed- 
ings where they asked.to be laid before us,j where 
we had rejected. them. Still, if the, precedent is 
made, i shall certainly not understand that,we are 
doing more than settling a general rule; arid if 
my constituents are treated as everybody else, I 
make no complaint. 
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say only, Mr. 
President, tl'lat I acknowledge the. right of- peti- 
listen to everything which our constituents; the 
people of this country, think proper to gend to 
In this special case, it is more than ordina- 
us. 
rilv proper to receive. this petition. It is on 
subject on which the whole country .-iB now a i- 
tated. Why 'should we refuse to hear € it? 
sides, in discussing the propriety of receiving 
these things, we shall waste more time than in 
I am anxious to hear the public 
hearing them. 
voice throughout the whole country. I have no 
doubt it is more important for the representatives 
of States arid the people to get the views of the 
masses than any information we can get. I hope 
••,ve shall receive this paper; and as this is to be a 
test vote, I hope all those who are in favor of -the 
right of petition will vote to receive it. 
I Mr. ANTHONY. I shall vote to receive. peti- 
tions both from Democrats and Republicans. 
•Whatever resolutions like these may be in their 
letter, certainly, in their spirit and intention, 
they are petitions; and any petition, or any memo- 
rial, sent here in respectful terms by persons who 
interest in the subject memorialized on, 
feel an 
and who have a right to feel an interest in -it, 
am in favor of receiving. I do not thereby com- 
mit myself to what they pray for or suggest. 
I The question being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 33, nays 14; as follows: 
YDAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bayard Bigter, 
Cameron, Clingman Collamer, Crittenden, Bixon, Douglas, 
JtjhnsD11. or Tenneseee, Kenåedy, King, Lathämp NicholSou, 
Pearce, Polk, Powell, Pu•yh, Saulsbuty, Sebastian; Seward, 
Ten Eyck, Wade—.33. 
NAYS—Messrs. Binghatn, Chandler, Clark; Doolittle, 
Durkee, Grhne,s, Hale, Harlan, Johnsoti of Arkansas, mor- 
tention to a distinction betsvoen this case and the 
rill, Sunincr, Trunlbuil, Vi'ilkinson, and Wilson—14, 
that provision of the Constitution which allows 
resolutions presented by the Senator from Ken- 
petitions, and which declares that law shall be 
tacky on my left, [Mr. POWELL.I There was The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions 
passed to abridge the right of petition. That is 
Its framers in- nothing in the resolutions presented by him, in are received, and if no motion be made, they wjjl 
the language of the Constitution. 
any part of them, which implied that they were to lie on the table. The reception of these resolu- 
tended to leave it broad and open—a plain high- 
way that all the people might travel—not to be t be laid before this body. They were not addressed tians having been ordered by the- Senate, the 
contracted or interrupted by hedges aud fences to this body, nor was any such request contained Chair wiil also lay before. the Senate the -resolu- 
and ditches of one sort or another, in the form of in them; but the request to present them here was tions offered by the Senator from Kentucky [MI'. 
technical questions about the form in their ! contained in a letter which the gentleman received. CRITTENDEN] the other day from the railroad 
words may be put, The substance of the thing I believe these proceedings contain a direct reso- gentlemen, which ore still pending before the 
lution asking that the•proceedings be laid before Senate. 
gentative bodies of the pople, in whatever form the body. Thatis the difference between the cases. Mr. HALE. 'i'hatpaperhasbeenreceived, but 
It is, in my judgment, Now, I have no objection to the motion of the i there has been no vote of the Senate disposing of it. 
abridging that right, contrary to the provisions of Senator from Illinois, and I will renew it, because The VICE PRESIDENT. I said. that if no 
theConstitution, to attempt to prescribe a precise ! ; I agreed to do so. 
