1861. 
823 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
RelationS, to whom was referred the joint resolu- 
tion (H. R. No. 5) authorizing the proper ac- 
accounts of John Randolph Clay, United States 
Minister to Peru, reported it without amend- 
ment- 
He also, from the same committee, to whom 
was recommitted the bill (S. No. 271) for the 
relief of John P. Brown, reported it without 
amendments. 
JOHN 11. WHEELER. 
Mr. SUMNER. 1 ask leave to withdraw a 
motion to reconsider that I had entered some days 
ago,in the case of John H. Wheeler. i made the 
motion, having occasion to doubt one item in the 
claim, which further examination has removed. I 
therefore wish to withdraw the motion to recon- 
BidC1• which I had entered; and I hope the Senate 
will •give me leave. 
Mr. MASON. By general consent it may be 
done. 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator asks 
leave to withdraw the motion to reconsider which 
was entered. It requires the vote of the Senate. 
Leave was granted. 
BILL INTRODUCED. 
Mr. WILSON, asked, and by unanimous con- 
scnt obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 
560) for the relief of Franklin Haven and his 
associates; which was read twice by its title, and 
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and 
Post Roads. 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. I ask leave to present, un- 
der the decision made by the Senate just now, 
the resolutions of the Republican members of the 
New Jersey Legislature on the subjects agitating 
the country with respect to the state of the Union. 
They contain a resolution that they be sent to the 
Senators and members of the House of Represent- 
ati•ves, in order that they may be presented to those 
bodies. 
Mr. HALE. I object to the reception; and I 
object on this ground: the Senate having uni- 
foi•mly refused to receive them, and the only pre- 
cedent that has been established breaking over 
the rule is to receive Democratic proceedings, 
and ds this does not come within that precedent, 
I object to it. [Laughter.] 
Mr. TEN EYCK. As the Senate has pro- 
nounced its decision on thisquestion, and partic- 
ularly as I voted in favor of tho reception of the 
resolutions frozn Ohio, I feel mysclf called upon 
to insist that the same course shall be taken in 
respect to these resolutions that was. taken in 
2. and be it resolved, That while the people of- New 
Jersey can make no concessions to, or compromise with 
traitors, levying war against the Govennneut, seizing its 
admire the patriotic fidelity of those true friends of the 
Union who are fighting an unequal battle in the southern 
States, and they pledge them their coöperation in all meas- 
ures needful for their wel (arc, security, and happiness with- 
in the Union and under the Constitütion ; that they cannot 
surrender their love of liberty and their cherished princi- 
pies. yet they are willing, if acceotabie to them, to unite 
in "tablishing a.policy which Shail be final and conclusive 
in its settlement of existing difficulties, upon the basis of 
the following propositions : 
I. A sacred guarantee that neither Congress nor any branch 
ot•the Federal Government shall interfere in any manner 
with the peculiar systems of labor or domestic institutions 
of any of the States. 
II. A prompt repression of all armed invasions of any 
State or Territory, and the speedy and sure punishment of 
all persons engaged in such lawless attempts. 
Ill. A faithful execution of that clause of the Constitution 
which provides that noperson held to Service or labor in 
one State, under the. laws thereof, escaping into another, 
shall, in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be 
discharged frorn such scrvice or labor, but shall be deliv- 
ercd up on the clainl of t.be party to whom such service, or 
labor may be due," and ali laws passed in pursuance thereof, 
and the repeal of all State laws, t.he purpose and intent of 
which arc to prevent their faithful execution, and also the 
faithful execution 01' those equally ilnportant clauses of the 
the citizens of each 
Constitution which requires that 
State shall be entitled to all the privileges and ilnmunitics 
of citizens in the several States," that the rights of the, 
people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, aud 
effects, against unreasonable scarches and seizures, shall 
not be violated," and that no person shall be deprived of 
life or property without process of law." 
I V. An enabling-act, providing that.all that portion.of the 
territory of the United States in which slavery was not pro- 
hibited by the Missouri colnpronli.se, passed in 1820, com- 
prising all south of the parallel or 360 301 north latitudc, 
and now constituting the 'I'erritory of New Mexico, shall be 
tbrmed intoa State which shall be admitted into the Union 
upon an equal fOoting with the othcr States, with or witli- 
out slavery as the people shall decide : PT0•cided, 'Ithat in all 
the territory belonging to the tinited States, north of the 
I parallel afOresaid, slavery or involuntary servitude, except 
for crime, shall be forever prohibited. 
3. and. be it resolved, That the Governmentof the United 
States is a national Government; and the Union it was 
designcd to create is not a inere compact or league, but is 
indissoluble by any authority except the whole people of the 
United States ; and the Government and Union thus estab- 
lished it is the duty of every good citizen to Inaintain and 
defend at all hazaFds. 
4. and be it resolved, That the Constitution of the United 
States contains all the powers necessary to the maintenance 
('f its authority, and it is the solemn and most imperative 
duty of' t11C Government to adopt and carry into what- 
i ever measures may be necessary to that end ; and the faith 
and the power of New Jersey are hereby pledged to the 
support of such measures. in any manner and to any extent 
that may be required of her by tbc constituted authorities of 
the United States. 
Rcsolued, 'I'hat these resolutions be, signcd by all the mem- 
bers of the Legislature of New Jersey: who supported the 
election of Lineoln and Hamlin, and that copies thereof be 
forwarded to the President of the United States, the Gov- 
ernors of the several Statcs of the Union, and also to our 
requested to present l.he sanie to the Senate ai)d nouse of 
Representatives of the United States; and that Messrs. 
Certainlv."J 
respect to those. 
The VICE PRESIDENT.- Does the Senator be chmged with the duty 
about which he felt great interest. I believeitwas 
The VICE PRESIDENT. moved, that 
all prior orders be suspended tottäkeup the 'In- 
dian ap ropriation bill. 
Mr. HALE. hope that that willnot.be done. 
hope the Senate will feel it their duty, after. eg- 
tablishing a principle, to pursueitwith assiduibY. 
I hold in my hand the proceedings ofa Republi- 
can meeting 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Chair ,vill 
state to the Senator from New Hampshire; that 
he cannot -receive any petitions or. reports until 
this motion is disposed of. 
Mr. HALE. I was going to state the reason 
why I •was opposed to this motiön. I-was about 
to say that I held in my hands the ptoceedings:of 
a meeting of Republicans holden at Des Momes, 
in the State of Iowa, iti which they give i•easons 
for the course they recommend, and hope that 
the trifling business of taking up appropriation 
bills will not be allowed to interfere with- the 
presentation of the proceedings of •these public 
meetings that are being -holden over thé count*y. 
[Laughter.] 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there a request Lopre- 
sent it? 
Mr. HALE. Yes; though not exactly in those 
words; but when we are entering on a great prin- 
ciple we are not going to stick at little trifling 
things of that sort. [Laughter.] These proceed- 
ings afe directed to be sent to the delegation in 
Congress, and it was evidently their intention that 
through those delegates they should find their way 
to the Senate; and I hope the time of the Senate 
wilf be devoted to reading a few more proceed- 
ings, both from Democrats and Republicans. 
Mr. SUMNER. How is it? 
Mr. HALE. Not very long. I suppose it can 
be read in fifteen or twenty minutes, and for that 
reason I oppose the motion of the Senator from 
Maryland. 
The question being put, 
The VICE PRESIDENT declared the ayes 
seemed to have it. 
Mr. CAMERON. -I am surprised -that. there 
should be a motion of this kind. After a great 
deal of diffculty we got the important bill of the 
session—the tariff bill—up yesterday, and Ido not 
see why iL should be displaced. I think it ought 
to be permitted to take the regular course, and I 
must Insist upon the yeas afid nays pn this ques- 
The ycas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Previous to calling up the 
tariff bill, as it is commonly called, I had a con- 
versation with the chairman of the Committee on 
Finance; and I stated to him that when it came 
up, if any of his appropriation bills were ready, I 
would waive its consideration in order that they 
might be passed, particularly one or two of them 
from New Hampshire insist on his objection? 
Mr. HALE. I do not want the yea's and nays i \ 
on it. [Laughter.] 
The resolutions were received. 
Mr. BINGHAM. Let them be read. 
no!" ] 
MG. TEN EYCK. I ask för the reading of 
them. 
The Secretary reads as follows: 
Resolutions of the Republican members o.' th.c New Jersey 
Legislature, on thc present state of the Union. 
Whereas the Democratic majority of the, Legislature of 
New Jersey, now in session, have, by a strictly party vote, ! i 
passed certain resolutions indorsing the Crittenden corn- 
promise resolutions and propositions, and declaring the 
same to be acceptableto the peopie of New Jersey, and we, 
Jonathan Cook , 
William F. Brown, 
Downs Ednnxnds, jr., 
VViliiam P. ']'atmn, 
Etnmor Reeve 
Jatnes Whcelcr, 
Owen L. Jones, 
Socrates Tutt}e, 
C. E. P. Ma.vbcw, 
William H. Mount, 
Joscpb Abbott, 
John G. Scheuck, 
VV Bacon, 
Isaac P. 
Joseph L. LFE!nb, 
F. B. Carpenter, 
N! organ F. Mount, 
John Starr, 
R. B. Stokes, 
Benjalnin Buckley, 
James M. Quinby, 
Abraham Everitt, 
John Pierson, 
E. Morris, 
George A. Halsey, 
Hill, 
Strunucl A. Dobbins, 
Joseph H.. Dutticld, 
David Oakes, 
C. H, Applegate, 
Willianl Sooy, 
J. L. Hines, 
J. E. Sheppard, 
Joel B. Kirkbride, 
Robert Rusling, 
J. Lippincott, 
J. P. Leatning, 
Michael l. Vreeland. 
the friends and supporters of Lincoln and Hamlin, repre- i 
senting in said Legislature one half of the pcopie of New! The resolutions were ordered to lie on the ta e. 
the naval appropriation bill in regard to which he 
spoke to me; and there was another one which he 
thought we could get through with in a little while. 
I desire so to conduct business as not to have an- 
other day spent in factious proceedings, 
the reading of a long bill which nobody wants to 
I want to get at the business furly, and I 
hear. 
am willing to allow a reasonable time. I am will- 
ing that the first hour or two, to-day, shEdl be de- 
voted to the appropriation bills; and I think if we 
do not debate them very much we can pass them 
in that time; and then I shall throw myself upon 
the generosity of gentlemen on the other side to 
try to get something to pay the .appropriations 
with. 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 desire to inquire of the 
Chair if all prior orders were not postponed to 
Jrzsey, totally dissent from the resolutions passed by the 
I enable us to present memorials and petitions this 
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Deniocratic nvajority, and it is proper that the views of 
selves and our constituents should be formally Inade knosvn 
I Mr. PEARCE. I must ask the Senate now to morning? 
, taking The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished 
to the whole country: Therefore, 
Resolved, 'I'h•at we adhere to time. following resolutions 
up the Indian appropriation bill. That bill was business of yesterday was postponed for the re- 
presented in our behalf and supported by us unanimously 
under discussion this day week, but was laid ception of memorials and reports; but after the 
in our respective places in the Senate and General As- i 
i. iBe it resolved. That the Constitution of the United i aside by a vote of the Senate, at the desire of the Serrate had proceeded some time in that business, 
States was ordained and established, as set forth in the Senator from Arkansas, [IVIr. JOHNSON.] It is 
important that we should proceed with the bill at to postpone all prior orders and take up the ln• 
tic tranquillity, provide for the once, for almost all the appropriation bills of any I dian appropriation bill. Thatis befpre 
the general wcitare, and secure the blessings of liberty to importance are behind it. But three weeks of the the Senate, on which the yeas and nays are called. 
then-l.selves and their posterity; and if the people of any session remain; and if the Senate go on with the 
discussion of the tariA and other subjects before sent. 
State in the Union are not in the fuli enjoynjent of all the 
those appropriation bills are disposed of, they Mr. HUNTER. hope the chairman of the 
benefits intended to be secured to them by the said Consti- 
will find themselves scarcely able to make the Committee on Finance Will be sustained. 'If he 
if their rights under it are disregarded, their tran- 
tution ; 
is not allowed to get up his bills, after .preparing 
quillity disturbed, Ibeir pr(Fperity retardcd, or their liberties 
necessary appropriations for the support of the 
imperiled, by the people of any other State, and ade- 
1 ask, therefore, that thc bill be them, it is impossible that he cando justice to the 
quate redress can, and ought to he, provided for such gricv- I -x 
Government. 
business of his committee. 
ances through the action of Congress, and the other proper taken now. 
of the n;lt iona\ Government. 
