828 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 9, 
I those -members that there was something wronø 
by anything morre from the Department, except the United States paid out of the trust fund be- 
an invidious and fraudulént suggestion, which I longing to the Chickasaws." The Chickasaws i in the claims and that the Government ought not 
and the Choctaws had a trade in 1837, held a to pay it. Well, now, suppose you deduct that 
shall.treat of directly, and one which was suc- 
gestive of evil, and designed for evil. The whole treaty, and made an agreement between them- from the $2,332,000 which the Com- 
selves, with which the United States had nothing mittee on Indian Affairs themselves consented 
claim of $2,332,000, as reported by the committee, 
should be reported, and recommended and urged 
was:unembarrassed- with a single objection, and to do. The United Stales merely did not object. 
it was presumed it would be paid. hen, how- I This Governmel'lt was glad of it. It wanted to get i to be paid, and what have you left? You have 
ever, some members of the Finance Committee i the Indians out of Mississippi and Tennessee, and left, t.hen,theproposition which is now before you, 
after have torn away from it every item in re- 
took hold •of the subject. After the rcductiotis thc Chickasaws made a treatv with the Choctaws, 
buying a part interest in thee Choctaw lands, as gard to which a question has been raised. 
made by the Dcpärtment and by the Indian Com- 
mittee, these. members of the Finance Committee they were kindred tribes; and it Was agreed that 
tried as traders; and I Shall- show you they should remove together west. The Chick- 
asaws purchased a portion of this tract, weSt of 
how they have embarrassed that $2,332,000. 
-If Senators are givifig metheir attention on this Arkansas, from the Choctaws, at the price of 
subiect, the case is so plain that no man can mis- $530,000, " which sum the United States paid" 
1 do not care even if he wrere stu- by the authority of the Chickasaws—" out of the 
understand it. 
pid; --10 could not misunderstand it if he would I trust fund belongill{r to the Chickasaws." The 
listen with attention. The matter carne before the Commissioner calls the attention of the Senate of 
tho Ul)ited States to the fact that the Choctaws, 
Senate last year, upon the amendment offered by 
i after having bought this land in 1820; after its 
the Committee on Indian Affairs for the $2,332,000. 
having been confirmed to them in 1825: after their 
The Senate at once seemed to sustain the report 
tille to it had been acknowledged ill) 1830; sold a 
of the committee, which struck out the *648,000; 
but gentlemen seemed to sustain it no further than partofit in 1837 to theChickasaws; and theChick- 
asaws paid thern, but paid them with money 
it struck down the rights, and what are consid- 
'I'hey which the Chickasaws had in the possession of 
ered- to be the just dues of the, Indians. 
These Indians come before you at this moment 
an impoverished and suffering race of people— 
notsufferingin the, poetical style in which Indians 
are spoken of generally, in order to excite sym- 
path y; but they are a people who are, suffering at 
this time from the drouths under which Kansas 
and Texas, and the other States in that vicinity, 
are suffering. T bey are a people but little able 
themselves to provide against misfortunes and 
contingencies Df that character; a people without 
trade, ccnnmerce, or means. They have asked, I 
believe, that the Committee on Indian Affairs 
should report their business fin• action at this time, 
and, on account of the stringency of the Treasury, 
for only that part which rernains ufler you take 
rl'hat is all thc United States off all that anybody has ever objected to, and that 
sustained the report just so far as it struck down the United States. 
had to do with the naoncy. They merely acted is $1,200,000. 
the rights of the Indians, and so far as it repudi 
Now, after you have taken off the amount of 
ated the $648,000; and they then turn upon the as an agent of the Chickasaws in paying their 
the Chickasaw sale, and the after purchase by the 
report' itself, and attack it; and. why? Because mon sy to the Choctaws. 
—lyoes on the same United States of the country that lies west of the 
nder the treaty of 1855" 
they do not wish to pay that which, by their 
ninety-eighth parallel of longitude; after you have 
treaties, they have eXpressly obligated themselves E suggestion—6' the Choctaws relinquished all their 
taken off the five per cent. fund given to Missis- 
right to that portion of said tract west of the one 
to pay, and that in the manner in which it is sim- 
sippi; after you have taken off (he swamp lands, 
plified?, as they themselves have simplified it, by I hundredth meridian, and leased that portion be- 
the school lands, and the railroad lands; after 
tween the ninety-eighthandonchundredth degrees 
the asvafd which they have voted. 
Charges were made, based upon a note, which of west longitude, for which the United States you have deducted every item which the commit* 
tee, have withheld, and deducted every item in 
IA Will read, attached to the statement of the ac- paid the sum of $600,000." Now, mind you, in 
1 1820, the United States sold all this country to the regurd to which a•doubt is suggested in the " note' 
counts of the Choctaws as it came to us from the 
of thc Department, you bring the claim down to 
office -of Indian All-airs and frorn the In terior De- Choctaws, and, by the terms of the treaty df 1830, 
the United States limited their right to the one the amount which is now before you. After all 
partmcnt.. The tables are given at length, ( 
hund rcdth degree of west longitude without any I these things are taken off, this simple proposition 
through which I have 
tttining a full statement, 
is left. Not one particle of dispute was ever 
at all on the ..uu•t of the Choctaws 
taken the pains to go in the time which tbc Sen- 
taised about it until the other day, by the Sena- 
ate has -allowed mc. The statement covers a for tho restriction; but t.he Choctaws agreed to it; 
tor from Maine, [MI'. FESSENDEN.] When I said 
aud then the United States purchased, fartl'ier- 
number of pages in which 
t.he accounts are set 
that the Committee on Indian Affüirs asked for an 
forth, everything being stated specifically and 
morc, from the Choctaws worth of their 
lands, being two degrees—one hundred and twenty i! appropriation of nothing but what was undisputed, 
minutely, everything being collected that could 
lands or leaving the balance for future consideration and 
We; and -after getting through the statement, there 
Iniles—wide by thé whole length of the 
discrerion in Inore prosperous tirncs to the Theas- 
that nation , and they purchased thenl the pu 
is to be fbund at the bottom the note whicl'l I shall 
the first time, say 
read. It is lillle peculiar. The Departinent posc of securing a place for the location of wild ury, I heard that Senator, 
tribes of Indians. rl'hey made this purchase under 
states the whole amount due, upon the 
name of u lease, and paid the Choctaws 
struction of the treaties, to be $2,981 24% 30. In 
obedience to the resolution of the Senate which for it, Tho whole Of that transaction 
called upon the Department for a statement of 'i amc»unted siruply to this—nothing 
the account, that is sent here. Then comes a note 
which would be somewhat of an irresponsible 
affair, if it were not that we find the sarne words 
in report made by the Commissioner of Indian 
Affairs. If a morc perfidious passage was ever 
attached to obligation sought to be truly and 
iustly solved, I have never met. with it, nor known 
It, nor heard of it.. I will read the note; for have 
no question (.hat the Seriate will see the impudence 
'l' he rnen who con- 
of its propositi01')f-; at 
coivcd them wou ld not syt.vre•ost t hint such 
but it atuout)ts tn n sum- 
things should 100 'iono 
gestiofalsi—puttinsr evil into the minds of others; 
and some members of the Commit,tpe 011 Finance, 
who were but little infonned on the subject, were 
not able to escape. falling into this trap. 
it were a transaction ill which private individ uals 
were concerned, it would be enough to rnake the 
cheek of any man, whether he was an honorable 
gentleman or not, man with shame in the face 
of any other of his fellow-men. That is the, truth 
the Govcn•ntnent. of tho United States, having first 
sold all that country to the Choctaws, afterwards 
wanted part of it back; but having received as 
n consideration the lands in Mississippi, and ail 
being settled us far as the lands were concerned, 
the Unit.ed States gave $600,000, in order to have 
a part of these lands returned under an arrange- 
rncnt in t.he form of a lease, which is nothing more 
than a sale, for it is a lease, in express terms, to the 
(Jnitcd States forever, and constitutes a fee-sienpie 
Now goes on this, as tenn it, perfidious sucr- 
•restiou.• " if' these sums are to bc regarded as pay- 
treaty of 1830, the arnount due 
tnents under the 
the Choctaws will be $1,851,247 30," thus rc- 
ducing it 
, in reading the de bate at the last session , 
in which IVIr. took yn•trt, t 
chief part of his objection in to this matter 
that, he disputed the whole account; and, in the 
next breath, when he u reed that he would not 
vote for such a thing without examination and 
he that he had not ex- 
investigation, 
amined and in vestigated it. 
Is not that so? 
Is there one Senator here who has looked into 
the casc at, all, or who has consented to make an 
effort to do justice, which would require of him 
to listen, to attend to the discussion of this sub- 
iect, who does not recoo nize that as the state of' 
. i facts, and that as the opposition of the Senator 
from N"iaine, and that as the character and class 
of oppr-)sit.ion which has been made to the pay. 
nqpnt.of a just obligation of the Government of the 
United Slates, which has stood unpaid, although 
justly due, from 1830 until 1861? It is clear, 
that there is an amount of 
F)? rfect]v evident, 
due to these Indians, which cannot be 
disputed. There can be no exception taken to 
II any part of this amount, under the terms of all 
t he treaties you have nntde, under the awards, 
under the minute, the tedious, the rigid, the eus- 
picious investWation with which the whole sub- 
on the fact that the Committee on Indian Affairs ject has been pursued through every branch of 
the departments, through its inferior officers and 
had not explained the account so that he could 
I noticed the su bordinate clerks up to the bureaus, and then 
in regard to it, and I will characterize it as it de- the Ineaning Gf this note. 
to the hands of the Secretary of the Interior, and 
thal the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. 
serves. 
in the report of the Department stating the ac- CLARK] explained it to him repeatedly, sought to then through the handsof your Indian Committee 
here, then through the Senateofthe United States, 
make him IA uderstand it; but he was not witling 
count in obedience to all the taws and all the 
II then through the Finance Committee, that objects 
treaties, they found that reducing it in every way to have it made clear to hiln. 'I'hat kind of op- 
Here is the amouht 
possible, (the particulars of which I have not gone position is notr sincere, and I think il is not worthy to and suspects everything 
that not one voice has ever been raised against 
Into, but could do so if it were necessary,) ilyey the Senate. If I had had anything to do with the 
reduced it to 3(). They transmit that matter then, I should certainly have objected to 
hitherto, except the solitary Senator from Maine, 
his pursuing that course, and should have asked who, more, I think, in a feeling of passion than 
to the Committee on Indian Affairs; and, as I 
stated, the committee reduced it by deductincr an adjournment that he rnight be pernlitted to read anything else, said he objected to and disputed 
the proofs if, after the efforts that were made by i the whole of it; and yet he admitted that he had 
In looking at the stated account, as fur- 
he could not 
the Senator from New Hanuoshire, 
never examined it, and I think went so far as to 
nished from the Indian offce, I find this note: 
say that he never would. 
ft is to be observed that', under the second article of the understand the question . 
h Take the amount of the claim as it would be VvThat is the distress now upon this Govern- 
treaty of' 1830, a patent was issued to the, Choctaws for the 
country west of Arkansas, estimated to contain fifteen mik- if the deducti01) suggested in this note were made, ment, that we cannot as well recoønize these cred- 
and then deduct. the $648,000 stricken off by the 
itors asany others? There are Senators, I under- 
stand, who make the objection, that in a hard 
That is very good, so far as that goes. " Sub- I committee, und it leaves The mem- 
bors of the Committee on Finance, at the last ses- I i time like this, we have a right to distinguish 
sequeÜtly, the Chickasaws, with the consent of' 
' purchased si0D, seemed to rest on the fact that they would between our creditors; they say that a breaking 
the United States' '—mark it— 
vote no part of' this appropriation, because of thc man, a man in failing circumstances, has that 
lion Of this tract' '—that is of the Choctaw coun- 
rieht; but, as has been suggested to me, and as 
try west of Arkansas—" at sum W. suggestion contained in the note, and the belief of 
