1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
will be readily recognized by every well-read man 
in the law in this body, that right extends not to 
the case: of •a trust fund in the •possession of a 
person.' You cannot make a distinction between 
your ct•cditots so as to disregard the rights of your 
cestuis que trust to the funds that are in your hands. 
I call the attention of Sen- 
Yet such is the effort. 
ators to the*fact that this is among the oldest obli- 
gations; that it has been worked laboriouslyo and 
worked through such channels that it is wonder- 
ful there has been left due to these people anything 
at all; but when it has been manifested how much 
is due to them, and but little morc than one third 
is asked for here, and that one third consisting of 
items which the most suspicious mind has never 
been able to utter a suspicion •against, and the 
strictest economist can find no grounds to object 
to, why should there be opposition to this allow- 
ance? Senators say we may distinguish between 
our creditors in a time like this. 
I say they can- 
not, when they stand here as trustees for these 
Indians, with these funds in their hands, corifided 
to thern, and the Senate, the arbitrator, having de- 
It is morally decided by them. 
cided the matter. 
It was decided when the account wyas stated, and 
stated. truly by their own offccrs, and particularly 
when it was reported by their own committee, 
and especially as to that part which they them- 
selves do not pretend to question. 
It is morally 
decided. They have no right to distinguish be- 
r i"hey sland 
tween creditors and cast. •these out. 
to these Indians in the relation of guardian and 
ward. These funds are in their hands, and they 
are bound to apply them according to the purposes 
of the trust. 
But suppose you could treat this as any other 
debt, and push it off, why should you do so? If 
you would consent to treatevery other obligation in 
the sat-ne way in which bhis is now proposed to be 
treated, if other claimants would bc satisfied with 
one third of the amounts—for here it is proposcd 
only to allow out of you 
ment of the United States is their guardian. It is 
a Government too strong for them to coerce or 
resist. rllhey can be sent home by it objects of 
scorn and contempt, as they are of injustice and 
oppression, without one cent, while the United 
States can claim honor in the eyes of other na- 
tions for the manner in which she fulfills her en- 
gacrements with then'), where she is fearful to do 
the contrary, while behind there lies a load of 
crime, in the shape of blighted faith, that ought 
to damn any people on the face of the earth. 
This is the' way I look at it; and yet Senators 
! here, it is said, will not vote for this amendment. 
I I hope they will not persist in opposing it when 
It cannot be possible 
they come to understand it. 
, thal they will so dishonor themselves. The man 
in pråvate life who is capable of transactions of 
this character is marked; and if he is known he 
is nowhere in decent society; he is not 
• pcrrnitted for one moment to receive the hand of 
fellowship from any honorable rnan. Senators 
here, in utter if"norance, vote on the rights of these 
people. I had some feeling on this matter the other 
day; and if, in what I said, I inflicted a wound on 
I the feelings of any individuals, it was no intcntof 
I have sought to-day to avoid every possi- 
nune. 
bility of a personal allusion that could be offensive 
I should be sorry if, in ad vocating a 
to anv one. 
cause which is so strictly and entirely just, I could 
I be guilty of the folly (to say nothing of the fact 
that it would wound myself as an individual to do 
it) of giving offense and building up opposition 
to the proposition by the intolerance of my own 
advocacy of it. 
These Indians ask for that which is undisputed. 
They ask for bonds wl)ich are below par. They 
ask only for a small part of what is due them. 
They present you tlmcir memorial; and the truths 
II 
contained in tho memorial are set forth in the re• 
ports that arc before you. The facts are undis- 
putcd; the v plead their sufferings; and their case, 
in that respect, is verv much the same as—only 
could put off your other creditors With one third i presun)e it is worsc than—that of the people of i 
oreven one halfofwhatyou owc then'), yourrrreas- Kansas; to svhom New- York, a State that IS un- 
ury would soon be to overflowing, and you (ler no such obligation, has already appropriated 
would need no [Ilore IliEFh tariffs; you would need large amounts nu)ncy to relieve their distresses. 
no n-iore loan bills. Every one can have the sat-nc These Indial'i.s t(') you, as they say in terms, 
kind of satisfaction that the Choctaws will have, as no humble supr/ic•ants, begging you for mercy, 
if choy receive at your hands aki that is no wr pro- but claimants, askiing only u very small part of 
ask you now to forget and 
posed to be given t.o them. Let us (Five it. 
It is too lay aside all t.bos•c things which involve matters 
'L'his case does not ad mit of argument. 
palpable, too plain, to require that. Gentleruen of' dispute, and sot.t.le with them those items in 
say that you have not the rnoney to pay now. regard to which there is no doubt. Here is their 
which sots forth their condition and 
The Indians that at once by a proposi1i0t') 
memorial, 
which ought to strike to shame thc proposition situation. They have no money. They have 
to refuse to pay, and particularly when we look assumed, by the terms of the treaty of f855, to 
['ay certain claims to individuals of' their nation 
at the ground on which, as it seems to me, it must 
be advocated; for I can see no other. They meet i! and out of the nation, for which the Government 
the proposition that you have no money the of the United States was liable before that treaty 
was made By that treaty, they themscl ves as- 
you are pro- 
Treasury, by saying to you: 
vidiug for the issue of' bonds and Inaking• loans sumed these obligations, but they have no means 
raise nioney, if you Wih give us that which is the to pay thetn•, and now' you will not give them 
money, oven to pay these liabilities; nor will 
undisputed part of oar clai •%give us your bonds 
for $1,200,000, we will take them, and sell them, II you give them meal')s which you acknowlecke to 
'i'his loss follows i be theirs, to put bread in the mouths of their 
and be ourselves the Ioscrs. 
starvino wbmen and children. 
as a consequence frotn your broken credit; and 
Mr. President, I do not propose to detain the 
such consequences ever will follow all parties that 
are distinguished by broken faith. Depreciated Senate any longer in the consideration of this 
If I have received the attention from 
credil is not a matter of wonder in such cases. If. I question. 
t hc same species of broken faith existed on the the Senate which the question itself deserves, I 
believe I havo madc it plain to satisfy i 
part of this Government to its other creditors, 
the mind of any one, provided always he will be- 
white men, it could not borrow one cent. 
kieve that-what I have said has not becn a mis- 
Government should act so faithlessly in regard to 
white men, if it inflicted such wrongs upon them, representation of fact; and l. do not think it will 
it would be without one particle of credit with be supposed, for one instant, that I have been I 
If there is 
capitalists; and, though wrapped in civil war orin guilty of willful misrepresentation. 
foreiffll •war, it would find it hopeless to put bonds anything in the case in regard to wl')ich I cannot 
in the market and expect to get thein cashed, even answe•r, I know well that there are at least three 
proceedings on that the Senator, from 
Arkansas nearest me I Mr. SÉBASh?t-ÅN)' pfeSerited 
a resolution from the C(immittee 
fairs, which is called the award made by-the Seti- 
ate in this case, that there was Scarcely any die 
believe •he spöke two or-three 
cussion upon it. 
minuteS; and a single question äsked of-him 
by the Senator from New York, who 
inquired how much money there was under that 
resolution. - The Senator 'from Arkansas, replied 
that he could not tell, but it was arvery.EClarge 
amount, probably, he thought; between eighthun- 
dred thousand and a million dollars. •With that 
answer the Senate, béing I Suppose impa%tiéht to 
get away—it Was at an extra session—seemed to 
be contented, and without any hesitation -they 
adopted the resolution, or the awdrd. That some- 
what embarrassed me. It was a pretty solemn 
act—a resolution of the Séfiate passed:znn pursu- 
ance ofa treaty stipulation with the Choctaw In- 
dians; but it was suggested Oy gentlemen' whose 
experience is very great, whose knowledge 
is entitled to the highest' respect, •that' if' Sve were 
surprised into such an award as that, we 
were not so imperatively bound but thatve•might 
look back to all the facts in the early history of 
the transaction. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I hope the Senator from 
Maryland will allow me an opportunity •here to 
explain. 
Mr. PEARCE. It is unnecessary. I not 
utter a word of complaint. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is think, that 
I should say now what it is proper for me to say 
on some occasion, tind I do not know of any 
occasion more appropriate qhan to •interlard the 
Senator's remarks right at the point where the 
suggestion occurs, with an explanation Which I 
feel due to myself—rather of a personal character. 
Mr. PEARCE. well, make it. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Not on account of what 
the Senator from Maryland rhas said; but think 
it an appropriate time now, once for all, to reply 
to a species of argument which was addressed to 
the Senate the other day by the Senator from 
Maine. It was in reference to the very idea now 
suggested, of the inconclusiveness of this award 
of. the. Senate; and to the alleged fact that the Sen- 
ate inflicted upon itself the imputation that it bad 
done that about which it understood' nothing. 
'Phe allegation was made in a manner whidh 
seemed to reflect upon the Committee on Indian 
Affairs something like a disposition to harry or 
press through an award, as a species of surprise 
on the Senate, when the fact was, that it had 
been deliberately matured by that committee for 
two long years. 
[ remember, Mr. President, the circumstances 
under which that award was brought forward. 
It v.ras lute in the evening, when there was a pretty 
full attendance of the Senate; and when I brought 
it up, as Senators will bear in -mind—I always 
bring up Indian business probably wiih%too much 
diffidence•and too much hesitation, because of the 
generally uninteresting character of that kind of 
business before the Senate—I souxht•a time at 
which thought I could obtain the favoi•able con- 
l- brought 
sidcration, and the -ear of the Senate. 
it forward, in my place, in•regular order. There 
was no kind of surprise; and it was passed -with 
all the discussion that usually follows anything 
that is rcpn•ted from the Committee on Indian 
I take the liberty here -to say that it 
Affairs. 
is not the custom of this •body to debate, or to 
discuss at length, or to investigate here, -what 
comes from that committee. The character of the 
business is such, that it interests no one; it enlists 
the sympathies of no orié. It is rather a labor of 
love for that committee to take upon itself the 
rnembers of the Senate on the other side of the 
at fifty per cent. discount. 
This is the proposition which the Choctaws Chamber who have investigated the subject as duty of acting and thinking about uninteresting 
Its reports have gen• 
" (rive. us bonds now for the members of the Conomitt.ce on Indian Affairs, and matters for the Senate. 
make. They say b 
epally been passed here 'evithoub investigation; 
that there arc several more 01) this side i.vho arc 
amount of and we will take them and 
rl'he Committee on Indian Af- familiar with all the facts, who can readily set me I and, in that respect, i think the committee-has 
sustain the lass. 
right, or set right any one else who may choose to enjoyed heretoföre an enviable confidence on- the 
fairs report that to you; and that is the amend- 
ment. Now, will the Senate consent, or will the sucrgcst any difficulty in his own mind as to what ! part of the Senate, in trusting to the correctness 
Senate. refuse, that they shall have this arnount, arc the relative obligations to the parties in this II of its conclusions in matters which it is utterly 
which is undisputed by every one paid tb them; matter. 
all v to investigate for themselves. 
and will the Senate farther consent to issue it to II Mr. PEARCE. M t'. President, when this ques- 
Mv attention was called to the fact that t.his 
them in the depreciated paper which I hey a(rree tion was before the Senate sornc week ago, be- 
iicve 1 voted this appropriation. I did so was large, by the Senatorfrom New 
to take? Can any claimants present to you their 
rights in more humble terms than they have, in because, 1 v;as not satisfied of the propriety of the York, [Mr. KING,] who is not now in his seat. 
any morc submissive langua«e, or can they be arranøement made on the 9th of March, 1859, II I then told him that the appropriation was a-large 
more forbearing? They may be kick-ed otit.; they which seemed to have taken the Senate by sur- one; and, probably, in language nötguardedsufii- 
may bo sent home with nothing. The Govern• prise. I observed, by turning to the reeord of our ciently, not accurateenough. to make myself pre- 
