830 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 9, 
giseiy understood, I said something akin to that treaty that the Choctaws had ceded to the United 
which has been ascribed to me by the Senator States all the remainder of their lands within the 
from Maipe, that no human being could tell pre- ing to the treaty, the United States had ceded to the 
the ultimate right of the Choctaws under this Choctaws a tract of country wost of the Missis- 
award. I did not pretend to be an auditing oran sippi river, and of the present State of Arkansas. 
accounting officer here. It was tho duty of that I naturally enough supposed that the grant of this 
committee to ascertain the principles and rules by large tract of land—fifteen million acres, it is said 
which a. simple measure of iustice should be as 
' —which was not ceded in the usual terms, but 
certained between these Indians and the United which it was provided should bo granted by spe- 
States Government. As to what sum the account Cial grant to these Indians, to be held in fee snu- 
might reach, to what magnitude it might attain, ple by them, was a full consideration for the ces- 
no one did know; and I can cite here numerous i Sion made by the Jüdians to the United States of 
illustrations ofthe fact that, when the Senate settle the remainder of their lands in Mississippi. 
1 
principles, and settle laws, they know not t.o what saw thatoutofthese lands thus ceded to us, the ln- 
expenditure ofdollars and cents itis going to lead. had stipulated for the carving out of a great 
My guess on that occasion, from an imperfect 
ii iiiany reservations, large ones, more than 
knowledge of that part of the case, was, that it ; two thousand acres to their head chiefs, and 
wouldamount to between eight hundred thousand smaller ones to the heads of families to a limited 
4nd a million dollars. That was a large sum; and extent, and stifl smaller ones to other heads of 
when I announcedEin my place, that the claim families to tho amount of {our hundred. I found 
was for a large-sum, I supposed that the Senate there stipulations for the payment of somc annu- 
must have had its attention called to the fact, just il ities; ond the United States bound themselves to 
as if I had announced that it had been 
be at the expense of emigrating these Indians to 
Hercy Mr. President, I must say, for myself, 
the territcry west of the Missiésippi. 
that I was led into the error of placing the amount 
I confess I thought that the IJi2ited States were 
too small, by crediting an unofficial preliminary 
making a full and fair bargain, {hat there was a 
report from the Land Office, as to the quantity of I quid pro quo; and I could not understand, on that 
lands which had been sold by the Choctaws, in- 
Statement of facts, what good foundation there 
stead Of that which turned out to be the case. I could be for the resolution or the award of March 
have a memorandum now among the original 9, 1859. Nor was I apprised, until this morning, 
papers on file in the Secretary's office, which when I found, from the remarks of the Senator 
It will appear that myguess, in amount, if ihat had from Arkansas, [Mr. J011Nsox,] that there was an 
II 
•beenmaterial to the Senate in a matter where prin- important piece of the history of is transaction 
ciple was more important, where a rule of right 
had never been brought to knowledge. 
was necessary to be fixed, and not the amount of 
dollars and cents to beobtained under it, was very 
nearly right. I expected, as a matter of course, 
that more would be charged to the account against. 
the Choctaws than they had supposed; and, 
fulfillment of that very notion of mine and of th • 
committee, $600,000 were afterwards charged to 
the Choctaws, which probably was not witliin the 
literal award of the Senate. But hen you look 
to the fact that there was a difference of tw•o or three 
million acres bet ween the estimated an) ountof land 
conveyed, and that which a topographical survey, 
afterwards ordered by the Land Office, showed to 
be the absolute amount con veyed5 from the actual 
sales on the books of the Land Office, the whole 
Of this disparity is accounted for; and it shows 
that that committee was not only not ignorant of 
the whole basis of the settlement, but that that 
error which led me into making an erroneous 
statement to the Senate was the fault of the Land 
. scovered, then, that by the treaty of 1820, by 
. these Choctaws ceded a part of their land 
,lississippi to the Government of the United 
States, they obtained, in consideration of that ces- 
Sion of theirs, a cession by the United States of 
the identical lauds west of the Mississippi, which 
wrere afterwards granted spc, in fee-simple to 
them by the United States 
therefore, the 
I-I nited States having o•ivea this considera- 
tion for the grant of 1820, in 1830, obtain the 
cession of all the residue o i.uu•ls in Missis- 
sippi, for precisely the sam e.o:. deration which 
had been exhausted by the cessiou of 1820. That, 
I confess, presented to me a new phase of the 
affair. 
It did not seem to me that the reservations 
made under the treaty of 1830 coub.t be •onstrucd 
as consideration for the great k 
• In- 
dians, they vv'ere : part '0? what 
was their own. The annuities 
ore cc:mpara- 
t.ively trifling; the 
tino• them , it 
Offce, and not my own. But I never did conceal, was of course proper and equitabie 
- nt the United 
First. Whether the Choctaws are entitled to, or shall he 
allowed, the proceeds of the sale of the lands ceded by them 
to the United States by the treaty of September Qi, 1830 
all just and proper expenditures and payments undec the 
provisions of said treaty; and if so, what price per acre 
shall be allowed to the Choctaws for the lands remaining 
unsold, in order that a final settlement with them may be 
promptly effected ; or— 
Secord. VVhether the Choctaws shalW)e allowed a 
gross in further and fun satisfaction of all their claims, 
nationai and individual, against the United States; and if 
so, hovv much 
These were the two questions submitted to the 
Senate of the United States; whether the Choc- 
taws should receive the net proceeds of the sales 
of the lands ceded by them, or a gross sum should 
be allowed by the United States in consideration 
of all their claims. The Senate adopted the reso- 
lution submitted by the committee, which pro- 
posed a particular mode of settlement. After re- 
citing the article of the treaty, the resolution goes 
on to provide: 
That the Choctaws be allowed the proceeds of the sale 
of such lands as have been sold by the United States on the 
first day of January last, dcdueting therefrom the costs of 
their survey and sale and all proper expenditures and pay.. 
ments under said treaty, excluding the reservations allowed 
and secured, and estinjating the scrip issued in lieu of res- 
ervations at the rate. of $1 25 per acre ; and, further, that 
they bc also allowed twelve and a half cents per acre for the 
residue of said lands." 
The question thus referred to us, we have set- 
tled for ourselves and for them. We have de- 
termined that they shall receive the net proceeds 
of the sales of then• lands up to a given time; that, 
as to the residue of the lands, they shall receive 
twelve and a half cents an acre; and we have di- 
rected the manner in which the account should 
be stated. That account has been stated by the 
proper officers, and, upon their statement, the. 
Senator from Arkansas, as chairman of the Com- 
mittee, on Indian Affairs, reports this appropria- 
tion. He has excluded, however, from the sum 
total, the items which were disputed so much at 
t.he last session of Congress by the Senator from 
Georgia and others. Perhaps that is well done. 
I confess that while I am very unwilling to see 
the Treasury loaded with new burdens, I cannot 
resist a demand of justice when it is madc to me 
perfectly clear. 
I do not mean to say that, if I had investigated 
this question when tho- award was up before the 
Senate, I should not have preferred a different 
mode of settlement from the one adopted; that I 
should not have desired to give a sum in gross, 
instead Ofa surn to be ascertained by a somewhat 
intricate method, and which we could not tell the 
amount of in advance. I think I should have pre- 
ferred the former mode, a sum in gross; but we 
have agrced, we have decided, ourselves the arbi- 
ter as well as the party in interest, that this mode 
shall be adopted. The accounting oßcers have 
made their estimates; and there can be no doubt 
that, under this view of the case, the $1,200,000 
and never did misstate to the Senate, that which 
concerned the right of the case. 
I have only felt it necessary to say this much 
in justice to myself and to the committee; and I 
wish now to repeat what I have said heretofore 
in (lefense of the committee, that I believe every 
rnernbcr of the committee understood the case as 
well as I did myself; 
that I was )ortunat.c even I 
in bringing this large case before t lem, and becr- I 
ging of them, as an act of justice to themselves 
and Of self-vindication, to make the argument. and i 
statement of the case so plain that it should escape i 
all kinds of censurc or criticism afterwarcts. 
I believe, Mr. President, I have said that is 
necessary. I only wanted to make this statement 
to show that the Senate were not taken by sur- 
prise; they were advertised that it was a large [ 
claim; that if they passed it withoutconsideration 
it was no fault of the committee or mine; that 
they passed it in the usual course of proceedings 
here; that the committee gave to this subject cou- I 
sideration during a term -of two years before the 
award was finally made; and when we called upon i 
the Land Offceforinformation,in compliance with I 
this resolution, they were fourteen months in ! 
making out the report upon which the Senate ! 
finally roposes to act. 
Mr. BEARCE. I am sorry that the Senator 
thought it necessary just at that point of time to 
interject his remarks. In truth, if he had listened 
to me alittle longer I think he would have found 
that, so far as anything I had said, or might say, 
was concerned, it was not necessary for him to 
make any vindication of himself. I certainly did 
not intend to throw the least imputation of any 
sortupon him; butl was statingthe reasons which ! 
States should pay. When I founa out all this, it 
appeared to me evident that the Indians had con- 
vcycd a large tract of land without sufficient con- 
sideration—such a conveyance as would be va- 
cated by a chancelor. 
I thought, therefore, as I 
think now, that these Indians a good claim 
upon the United States in 
last cession of their lands; 
claim; thev had not a Clair: 
of dollars or cents, or a s sh 
ceeds the land sold, or 
unsold at the time of that 
particular price. It was incr. 
deration of this Proposed in the amendment is due to these peo- 
had no specific unless we mean to say that we can overturn 
our own award, that we can adopt some new 
y given number 
rncthod, and give them a sum in gross—say the 
:aun to the pro- 
sum of$50(),000, $100,000, or whatever you please. 
lands remaining 
I do not think it will be very safe for the United 
valued at any 
..te, indeterminate, States to set an example of that sort; and, upon 
J ustice and ec:tiity of the whole, the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. J0HN- 
ed ner upon the 
the United States Government, than upen any- 
tn like a Ico•al foundation. 
That was the condition in wh ich Committee 
on Indian Affairs found it. New, sir, 
I admit 
that it was perfectly proper in that committee to 
make an award of some sort against the United 
States in consideration of this cession, which we 
had got apparently for consideration, but really 
without any. NiVhether we have agreed to give, 
too much by the award of March 9, 1859, is not 
a matter which I now choose to inquire into; but 
here is a provision in the treuty under which that 
award was made, under which it was the duty of 
the Senate to act, and the duty of the Committce 
on Indian Affairs to whom had been referred to 
make their report: 
ART. II. The Government, of the United States, not boing 
set up lilider the treaty oc 
1830, and so earnestly contended for by the 
Chot•.taurs as o, rueie settlement, but justly appreeiating 
the sacrificcs, (Oithi'ui services, and general good conduct 
of tile Choctaw people, and beinc desirous that their rights 
and claims against the United States shall receive a just, 
had put me in opposition to this claim before l! the followiugquestions he submitted for adjudication to the 
had fooked at the treaty of 1830. I found by that Senate of the United Btatee: 
ON] has satisfied me that it is my duty to vote for 
the present appropriation of leaving 
the other to be considered hereafter. 
Mr. PUGH. In furtherance of what the Sen- • 
ator from Maryland has said, I want to call his 
attention to the twelfth article of the same treaty: 
It being expressly understood that the adjudication and 
decision of the Senate shall be final." 
That is in the treaty. I stated at the last ses- 
Sion the fact that the cession which we claimed 
to have given these Indians west of the Missis- 
sippi had been given to them in 1820as a hunting 
ground. The object of the treaty of 1830 was to 
get them to go from Mississippi to that land which 
was already their own. 
I think with the Senator 
from Maryland. I do not sec any mode to avoid 
the payment of the claim. 
I wish it were not so 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 no disposition to 
argue this matter over again, or to make any fur- 
ther debate upon it. 
I never have disputed it; I 
do not undertake to.dispute now' that there is cer- 
tain money which ought to be paid to the Choc- 
taw nation. I have 110 doubt that it amounts to 
