832 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 9. 
'The Secretary continued the reading, as fol- 
lows 
Being t.he undisputed balance due them-. 
Mr. WILSON. The object 1 had in view was 
tostrikc out those. words about its being the undis- 
puted balance due them. -we should either say 
that is a tart of what is due them, 
or strike out those words. 
Mr. GRIMES. move to strike out the words, 
'"being 'the undisputed balance due them. The 
design wa'S, that t.hatlatter part should be stricken 
It not designed- to say ånything as to I 
out. 
how much may be disputed or undisputed, but to 
appropridté the sum of $500,000 to the Choctaws, 
leaving the matter open for the future action of 
Congress. 
MT. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is 
in that last alteration that was 
made in the amendment; but I submit now in all 
do not wishi to be pertinacious about 
. —that there is an amount of $1,200,000 
this Inatter 
that iS conncctcd with no diffculty at all. The 
parties propose to take bonds for it. They pro- 
pose to go into the market with them and get 'evhat 
they can. It cannot be supposed that the issu- 
ance of $1,200,000 in bonds is going to impoverish 
or injure the credit of the United States. 
wish to make one suggestion, in addition to 
the remarks which I was glad to hear from the 
chairman of the Committee on Finance. It is just 
as Well •to pay what is not disputed, and which 
will have to be paid hereafter; and it is also ncccs- 
saryto relieve the Choctaws, as he remarked , from 
théirpreéentneeessitiés. There has befallen them, 
in comtnön •with everybody else in that region of 
country, a failure ofthe crop. But there is a fur- 
ther suggestion that will address itself to the sense 
of justice of gentlemen who have considered this 
matter really with an earnest desire to do justice 
It is this: by the treaty of 1855, the' Choc- 
to it. 
taws have assumed all thc debts of the United 
Stales, in connection with all these malters, 
they have them on their hands to pay. Now, 
there are not only all their national necessities, 
but there arc the necessities which we, by lhc 
It is no 
treaty of 1855, have thrown upon thern. 
oppression of the Trcasury, for the issuance of 
this amount of bonds could not injure the credit 
and sale of bonds of the United States. 
I would 
earnestly ask that the whole amount may be 
If the House of Representat.ives should 
voted. 
cut it down hereafter, it will be for us to consider 
whether it will havc to come down to $500,000 
or not; but if we now do so, the probability is 
that it will be reduced to one hundred, one hun- 
dred and fifty, or two hundred dollars. 
I hope, the Senate will sustain the as 
offered by the Cornmittcc on [ndian Affairs. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the adoption of the first atne.ndtnerit. offered 
by the Senator from Iowa—striking out the Qld 
amount, and inserting what has bcen read. 
the ycus and nays; 
Mr. GRI MES for 
and the were ordered. 
MI'. JLARK. I hope thc Senate will pardon 
me for suggestion or two on this Inattcr at this 
time. It be recollected t.hat, nt the last ses- 
Sion I advocatcd the passage ot• this clairn in be- 
it will also be recollected 
half of the Choctaws. 
that the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. I-DAVIS] 
during the last session, tl'lat we 
made a motion, 
should pay the Choctaws this sum of $1,200,000, 
l, in behalf of the Choc- 
and settle this claim. 
I thought it was bet- 
taws, resisted that motion'. 
ter that the '.vhole claim should be settled at one 
time, rather than to take a portion of it. 
very little doubt, from the temper of the Senate 
at that time, that if the Choctaws Iliad consented 
then to take $1,200,000, the Scnate '.vould have 
cheerfully accorded to them that sum. They dc- 
sired that the whole should be paid at one timc, 
and settled forever. 
It was not passed; but now, 
at tlais session df Congress, l.vhen the Choctaws 
under a misapprehension that this money was to 
I recommended to these Choctaws, at this ses- 
sion, that they should not ask for this claim. I go through the hands of Brigham •Young. That 
said to them such was the position of the Gov- I is an entire mistako. While Bfigham Younø 
emment, that I was fearful they were endanger- Governor of the 'i'erritory and offcio superin- 
ing their claim; that they had better defer it to 
I another session of Congress,and trust to thejustice 
of the Government and await their action. The 
Choctaws said to me: " We are unable to exist; 
we have no money to buy corn or procure bread; 
and such is our siteation that we must ask the 
Govcrnmcnt to pay a portion of this claim. 
question is, will the Government, in this situation 
of these perishing Indians, pay this portion of 
the claim? I would be glad if they would take 
$500,000; but if they find it not sufficient for their 
necessities, I hope the Government will respond 
in this emergency, and pay them this amount, if 
necessary to their subsistence. I think the Choc- 
taws havc been fair and just to the Governrnent 
If you will give us half the claim, 
In saying, 
which is undisput•cd, x..ve will wait for the balance. 
And now' they appeal to your generosity, to your 
justice. Will you pay them that sum, and pre- 
vent starvation ? 
Mr. FESSENDEN. mean to savany- 
thing more against this pioposition; but I do pro- 
test, utterly, against this reiterated statement that 
this amount is undisputed. Nobody admits it, 
except gentlemen who are in favor of it, and have 
made up their minds about it. 
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I have iterated 
and rcitcr*ted nothing. I have spoken but this 
once on the subject. This is the only suggesfion 
I havo made about it. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. one Senator on side 
iterated, and another Senator on this side has 
reiterated. That is what I mean. 
Mr. CLARK. I understood at the last session 
that there was no dispute about that part of the 
claim. I have since understood the Senator from 
Maine to have madc statement that he did dis- 
pate the wholc claim. Whatl say in regard to my 
of course express his. 
own convictions does not, 
I do not intend to express Iiis convictions. 
Mr. SINIMONS. 1 have not examined this 
subject; bat if the Senators who have examined 
can get along with 
and are in favor of it, 
for the coniino• ycar, I think they should 
do so. It will not a ffecb the balance of the claim. 
I want to do for these Indians. I think 
but I do think it ought 
wc owe thetn so Illet,hing 
pay thetü so large 
to be investiqrated before 
an mnounl. As to this notion of giving them 
$.1 250,000 of bonds, in the yn•esent condition of 
hawked about arid gold, I 
fin a Y) ees, to be 
tendent of Indian Affairs, he tiansacted sorne lu- 
r l' he funds were not transported 
dian business. 
there; but he had authority to draw on the Indian 
department, and Messrs. Little, & O*cock, of tbe 
city of' St. Louis, who were doing business at Salt 
and took the 
Lake, advanced 49,000 actual cash, 
drafts on the Indian department. They sent the 
drafts on here; but before they arrived the rebel- 
lion broke out;' and in consequence, the Indian 
department refused to pay any draft drawn by 
hirn. They subsequently exhausted the appro- 
priation Oli other accounts, and it leaves these 
is not 
drafts unpaid for '•,vant of appropriation. 
to go to Brigham Young, but it is simply to pay 
these outstand incy drafts. T I-herc is a condition 
annexed, and i? the Secretary will read it, the Sen- 
ate will understand that not one single ce.nt of this 
The Indian 
appropriation can be misapplied. 
bureau and the Interior Department, which will be 
in the hands of the Republicans in a few days, 
will have tlle whole investigation to make, and it- 
it is not right, not a dollar is to be paid; but if 
right, ought it not to be paid? I will ask the Seca 
retary to read it. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
To enable the Corrnnissioner of Indian Affairs to adjust 
the accounts of Brigham Young, late Governor of Utah 
'I'erritory and ec o icio superintendentof Indian affairs, for 
disbursements al eged to have been made by him 011 ac- 
count of Indian service in said 'I'crritory, $32,734 15 : Pro- 
cidcd, 'I'hat no portion of said accounts shall be paid until 
a full examination shall have been made in regard to the 
propriety of the disbursements, and the result 01' such ex- 
atnination approved bv the Commissioner of Indian Affairs 
and the Secretary of the Interior. 
Mr. GREEN. That has been recommended 
by the Interior Department for two years in suc- 
cession. It is recommended again this year. 
these men who have made the advances are en- 
titled to the money, I think scnne provision ought 
to be made to enable them to get it through the 
Dopartrnent. T i')ey cannot get it by applying to 
the Treasury. r I'hcy cannot get it until the whole 
propriety of the transaction out of which the in- 
debt.ednc.ss has arisen has been and 
approved. Can there be an objection to this? 
Will we keep these poor men, who have ad vanced 
their dollars, and taken these drafts in good faith, 
and who would have been paid but for the acci- 
dental breaking out of the Mormon diffculty, out 
I do not say that Brigham 
of their money? 
Younc's accounts are going to come out right; 
but if they do not, this money will not be paid. 
should rather pay them in Inoney; but I believe 
I an') satisfied of this: that the $9,000 that I am 
tnust be suflicient for the present year; 
speaking for, because it is the money of citizens 
and for that I will vote. But 110M.' are 
of thc city of St. Louis, svas advanced in good 
we to pay all these debts at once? I-Icre is the 
faith, without a dollar of discount. They took it 
Oregon debt of or four million, and then 
I for convenience, rather than bring gold home; and 
there is the Chiriqui debt. We are not in a sit- 
as he had written authority from the Interior De- 
uation to pay everything just now. I believe it 
parlrnenl to draw on the Indian Bureau, they took 
will be, bcttcr for the of this nMxasut•e to 
the drafts, paid the money, and came home. Ac- 
take tl)is tu•nount i'or the India.ns this year, an(l let 
them settle up next year, when 1 hope we shall be 
bettor off. 
'lthe question being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 20, nays 21; as follows: 
VEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Bingham, Chandler, Collatner, 
11 alc. , 
Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, 
Foster, Grirnes, 
King, Morriü, Slunne.r, 'I'en Eyck, Trumbu}l. 
VVadc. i Vilkinson, and Wilson—20. 
. Bragr, Brizht, Clark, C] ingtnan, 
Crittenden, Doolittle. Fitch, Green, G Win, Henll)h iiljJohn- 
sou of A t•kansas, Lathatn, Nicholson, l)earce. Polk. Powell, 
Riee, Saulsbury, Sebastian, and Wigfall—21'. 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- , 
ator from Iowa insist on the other amcndments 
which he has offered ? 
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the 
tion is on in the amcndmcnt made as 
cidental circumstances prevented the payment, 
mod now the Department approves it; it is guarded 
in its Im-Igua«e, and no loss can accrue; and I 
hope the Senate will pass it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the adoption of the amcndmcnt. 
Mr. GREEN. I will call the yeas and nays 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. PEARCE. I have paired off with the Sen- 
II ator from California, [iVIr. LATHAM.] 
The question being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 13, nays 23; as follows: 
Bigler, Bragg, Chingman, Fitch, Hemp- 
hill. Johnson of Arkansas, Mason, Nicholsoa, Polk, Pow- 
ell, Rice, Sebastian, and VVigt'alI—13. 
NAYS—M essrs. B:ngham, Chandler, Clark, 
i} Doolittle, Darkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Green, Grimes, 
have been visited by famine, when the country is taws. 
in such a position that its Treasury is pty, und The amendment was concurred in. 
other afflictions have fallén upon it, the Choctaws Mr. GREEN. I desire the Senator from Ark- 
ansas to renew an amendment that was voted i 
come forward and say they will not ask tho Gov- 
ernment now to pay the down in Committee of the MT hole, so that the 
sense of the Senate can be taken on it without 
but, if will give them $1,200,000, heing that, 
undisputed portion of their clairn, they will re- prejudice. 
N.Ir. SEBASTIAN. 1 
move the 
ceive it at this t.ime, and apply it to their neces- 
, pro . fornw, 
sities, and trust to the good sense and justice of I amendment again, to enable the Senatorfrom Mis- 
Hale, Harian, King, Morrill, Saulsbury, Simmons, Sunnier, 
So the amendment was rejected. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 desire to move to amend, 
if it be in order, by striking out of the amendment, 
which was adopted in regard to the Choct.aws, 
these words: " and the award of the Senate made 
pursuant thereto on the 9th dav of March, 1850. " 
My object in making this motion is this 
Mr. 'BIGLER. The Senator cannot make that 
motion novv. That provision, in the.present slrape 
of the bill, cannot be changed. 
the Government at some other period for the souri to give an explanation of it. 
Mr. GREEN. The Senate seemed to labor The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
remainder. 
