1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
835 
Mr. STANTON. I suppose it is a private mat- 
ter; it relates to the claim ofa private individual. 
Mr. BARR. A private matter for public pur- 
poses. 
Mr. STANTON. I suppose there would be no 
objection to it. We passed a law at last— 
'rhe SPEAKER. rl'he resolution cannot be 
received nowr. 
MARIA W. SAUNDERS. 
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Invalid 
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Maria 
W. Saunders; which was read a first and second 
time, rcferred to a Committee of the Whole 
House, and, with the accompanying report, or- 
dered to be printed. 
REPRESENTATIVES OF BETSY NASII. 
Mr. HALL, from the same committee, reported 
a bill for the relief of the legal representatives of 
Betsy Nash; which was read a first and second 
tirne. 
Mr. HALL. ask to have it put upon its pas- 
sage. 
The bill yas read. It extends the provisions 
of the act of Congress approved March 3, 1857, 
for the relief of Betsy Nash, to her legal repre- 
sentatives, to x.vhom the amount appropriated is 
ordered to be paid. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire to ask the gentleman 
who reports the bill why it does not set out the 
amount of money appropriated? 
Mr. HALL. Let the report be read. 
The report was read. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. 
state that a pension was granted to Betsy Nash; 
but before she received her certificate under the 
law which was passed, she died. The object of 
this measure, as [ understand, is to pay the money 
due her to her children. 'I'he amount, as I un- 
dersland, which is involved, is about two thou- 
sand dollars, or possibly $2,200. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 will not object to the 
with the statctnent of the gentleman from -Wis- 
cousin, if it shall be so amended that thcrc shall 
bc no larger amount appropriated than was due 
to Betsy Nash at the time of her death. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. There is 
no objection to that. That is the precise object 
of the bill, and nothing further. 
'l'he amendment was agreed to. 
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en- 
grossed,and read a third time ; and bei ngencyrosscd , 
it was accordingly read the third tirne, and passed. 
HIRAM ANDERSON. 
Mr. STOKES, from the Committee on Invalid 
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Hiratn 
Anderson; which •„vas read a first and second 
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole 
House, and, with accompanyino• reports, ordered 
to be printed. 
HENRY HEWSON. 
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, re- 
ported a bili for the, relief of Henry Hewson; 
which was read a first and second tirne, referred 
to a Committee of the -VVhole .House, and, with 
the accompanying report, ordered to b&printed. 
ELIZABETH MONTGOMERY. 
Mr. WHITELEY. to up the 
bill of the Senate for the relief of Elizabeth Mont- 
gotnery, heir of Hugh Montgomery. 
'I'he bill was read. 
IVIR. HOLMAN. 1 object to that bill. 
COMPENSATION OF PAGES, ETC. 
Mr. BABBITT. The Committee on Revisal 
and Unfinished Business have directed me to make 
the report to the House: 
'I'he Corn tnittce on Revisal and Unfinished Business rc- 
port, iör the consideration of the House, an of unfill- 
islied business of the found on pages 12:29. 
arni 1231 ot• the Journal, by whicb it appears that, 01) the 
25th of J:nie last, the rules of the House were suspended 
for Elle purpose of receiving a resolution, in the words *OI- 
lowing : 
Resolrcd, That the Committec of Accounts are author- 
And thereupon. said resolution was subrnitted to the 
House ; and, pending the question of a$eeing to the same, 
the Speaker announced that the hour fixed tor the, adjourn- 
n-nent of the thon present session had arrived, and declared 
the House adjourned ; and so the said resolution remains 
pending and undetermined, and the rules of the House sus- 
pended fbr the purpose of considering the same. And your 
eornmittee recommend that the House do now proceed to 
the consideration and deter]nination of said resolution. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire to question 
of order upon that resolution as soon as I am per- 
mitted to do so. 
Mr. BABBIT'I'. 1 move that the House now 
proceed to consider that resolution, under the fol- 
lowing authority in the Digest, which I ask the 
Clerk to read. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
The consideration of unfinished business in which the 
House may be engaged atan adjournment, shall be resumed 
as soon as the Journal of the next day is read, and at the 
same tinte each day thereafter, until disposed of; and it; 
frorn any cause, other business shall intervene, it Rhall be 
resumed as soon •as such other business is disposed of. And 
the consideration of all other unfinished business shall bc 
resumed w•hencvcr tbc class of busincss to which it bclongs 
shall bc in order under the rules. 
After six days from the comnrencement. ofa second or 
subsequent Concress, all bills, resolutions, and reports 
which or urinated in the I louse, and at the close 01' the next 
preced ing session remained undetcrrnined, shall be restuned 
and acted on in the saine manner as if all adjournzucllt had 
not taken place. 
Mr. BABBITT. Now, Mr. Speaker, 
that resolution to come properly before the I-louse 
under the authority just read, I report it frotn the 
Cornmittee on Revisal and Unfinished business, 
and ask that it may' be passed. 
I desire to make this point 
Mr. BURNETT. 
upon the resolution which the gentiexnan desires 
I submit that, even granting the facts 
to report. 
the o•cntlenoan allerrcs to be true, the resolution 
i went to the Speaker's table, and he cannot take 
I the floor u uder the ca.ll of committees for reports, 
arid call up the resolution upon which he desires 
r Ithis question has not 
the action of the Housc. 
becn referred to the comrnittee of which he is a 
member. 'I'he subject has not been properly be- 
fore the connnittee, and they have no power to 
report upon it; and I ask the Chair to decide 
wbcther such a report can be received in this 
House? 
Mr. BABBITT. In answer to the point which 
the gentleman from Kentucky raises, I ask that 
the following rule may be reat: 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
97. [t shall bc the duty of the Committee on Revisal 
and Unfinished Business to e.xzunine and reporb what 
have expired, or are near expirin2, and require to be revived 
or further continued; also, to exarnineaild report, fronr the 
Journal of last session, ail such Inatters as were. tbe,n depend- 
. int' and undetermined." 
Mr. BABBITT'. Now, sir, this resolution is 
depen(Jinff, undetermined in the House, and it is 
I the right and duty of the Cotnrnittec on Revisal of 
I Unfinished Business to report the fact to the House. 
Mr. BURNETT. My recollection of this mat- 
ter is this: the resolution referred to in the gen- 
tlemau 's report was when t.he Speaker 
announced that the hour had arrived when the 
Housc was to adjourn sine die. The resolution, 
under the rules, then went to the Speaker's table. 
Now, I submit that the gentleman cannot come 
in •here and, in virtue of the peculiar character of 
the duties of the Committee on Revisal and Un- 
finished Business, call up that resolution out of 
if that course is permitted, it is a vio- 
its order. 
ceivc the rep6rt of the gentleman from Pennsyl- 
vania from the Committee on Revisal and Unfin- 
ished Business. 
ENROLLED DILLS. 
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on 
rolled Bills, reported that the committee-had ex- 
amined and found truly enr011ed a bill and resö- 
Iulion of the föllowing titles; whéreupon the 
Speaker signed the same: 
An act granting a pension to Gregory Pattie; 
and 
A joint resolution authorizing Lieut. T. A. M. 
Craven, of the United States Navy, to receive 
certain marks of distinction tendered him by the 
Spanish Government. 
I.)DLEGATFJ IDAHO. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 
ing and introduced the certificate of election of 
Mr. Morgan, Delegate from Idaho, which was 
ordered to be referred to the Committee of Elec- 
tions, but by a mistake it went to the Committee 
on Territories. 
I ask that. the reference may, be 
changed, and the paper sent to the Committee of 
Elections in accordance with the order. 
Mr. BRANCH. 
I object, sir, to any change; 
and for this rerson: the certificate was only re- 
ceived as a memorial. I do not know what the 
Journal shows. The point was made at the time 
that lhere was no such Territory as that of Idaho 
in extslence. 
it was only received as a memorial 
which could, under the rules, be presented at any 
tilne. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The orderoftheHouse 
was that it should be sent, not to the Committee 
on Territories, but to the Committee of Elections. 
All that I ask is that the error made may be 
corrected. 
Mr. COX. I think that the gentleman is mis- 
taken. There was no order of the House send- 
ing it to any committee. I objected at the time to 
thc reception of the certificate, stating that it could 
only be received as a petition or merriorial. 
It 
was receieed and referred as a memorial, and not 
as a certificate. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The matter is a plain 
one. Under the rules of the House, I could have 
introduced the referred it to what- 
ever committee I pleased. By mistake it was 
sent to the Committee on 'Territories, instead of to 
the Committee of Elections, for which I intended 
it. All I now ask is that the mistake which has 
been made n;ay be corrected. 
Mr. BRANCH. What does the show? 
'I'he SPEAKER. The memorial was received 
under the rules of the House, and the gentleman 
from Illinois [Mr. FARNSWORTH] moved that it 
should be referred to the Connnittee of Elections; 
but by some mistake it was sent to the Commit- 
tee on Territories. Hc asks now that the me- 
morial should be withdrawn from the Committee 
on Territories, and referred to the Committee of 
Elections, for which it was designed. That is 
the whole matter. 
Mr. BRANCH. How does the Journal stand? 
'The SPEAKER. A mistake has been made; 
and the preset-it motion is to correct it 
I understand that; butwhen 
Mr. BRANCH. 
was this order made ? 
The SPEAKER. There was no order made. 
The memorial was presented under the rules of 
lation of the amendcd rules, which provide that 
the I-louse. 
•l Mr. BRANCH. What day was the paper 
the business shall be taken up at the close of a 
! second session where it was left at the close of 
the first session. 
Mr. BABBITT. This that does not 
go to the Speaker's table; and it is the duty of the 
Committee on Revisal and Unfinished Business to 
report such a matter to the House for its action. 
If it will not do so, the Committee on Revisal and 
I Unfinished Business would have nothing to do. 
ILaughter.J 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 ask the Chair to decide 
presented ? 
The SPEAKER. Some day during the pres- 
ent week. 
Mr. BRANCH. The by 
the gentleman from Illinois, if I remember rightly, 
I recollect that, at the time, I 
in open House. 
inquired whether there was any such Territory 
belonging to the United States. 
The SPEAKER. It was received under the 
rule. The gentleman tried to introduce it in open 
•l House; but objecfion was made. Then it was 
the of order. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that, 
presented under the rules; and, instead of to the 
undcr the practice of the I-louse, a simple resofll- Commit.toe of Elections, as int.endod, it Sevas re- 
ized and required to settle and adjust the clanns of any 
boys or pages, after the of the House, aud prior tion, which is pendino• at the close of a session of fZ•rred to the Comrnittee on Territories. 
Mr. BRANCH. I most object to any altera- 
Chair is of' opimon, there- 
to the arrangerne•nt of pazcs under the resolution of the Congress, dies. 
tion which should not have the effect of bringing 
fore, that the resolution referred to by the gentle- 
directed to adjtrst. the 
Illittee ave fu rther au 
thc paper before the House. I certainly object to 
ot• the several piece book-i'ol(lers appointed by the man Pennsylvania died when the first ses- 
any paper relatiryr to the right of persons claim- 
present session, and to Sion of the present Congress adjourned sine die, 
I-louse at the 
Doorkeeper of the 
ing to be Delegates from Idaho being sent to the 
allow each, not exceeding twelve in w•hat and must be introduced again. Chair thinks 
appear to said committee be just and equitabkc; and the this is the result of the rule, under the practice Of Cornrnittee of Elections, which has the privilcge 
account* so adjusted shall bc paid out of the contingent 
in House, possessed by none- other except 
I the House. 
rl'he Chair will, therefore? not re- 
fund of the House of Representatives." 
