838 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 9, 
to •prejudice him against the people and Governor 
of Ohio, growing out of the controversy for the. 
surrender- of criminals on the application of the 
Governor of Virginia. I thousrht that vvas unfair 
on the part of my colleague. 
Mr. LEAK E. Will the gentleman- permit me ? 
[Criesof' 'No P' No!" and laughter.] The gen- 
tleman 'stime can be extended. [Repeated shouts 
of l" No!" Let him go on &c.l 
Mr. SICKLES. No interference from any out- 
sider. 
Mr. CURTIS. I object to any other interrup- 
tions. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio 
must not be interrupted. His five minutes are 
running fast. [Laughter.] 
Mr. HUTCHINS. 1 thought it hardly 
patriotic on his part thus farther to add fuel to 
the flame of southern excitement, if the real ob- 
ject of the gentleman was to preserve this Union 
instead of endeavoring to destroy it; and there- 
fore, I said that I thought, not from anything he 
said, but from his conduct on this floor, that he 
was willing to preserve the glorious Union if hc 
could do it by demoralizing and prejudicing the 
public mind against the Republican party, so that 
he could aid in restoring his own party to power. 
That was the reason I commented on his conduct. 
I thought it was unfair. 
I have made no attack on my other colleague, 
[Mr. CORWIN',] and if I did, he is abundantly 
competent to defend himself, without the aid of 
the gentleman. I criticized, to be sure, as I had 
a right to do, some of the positions which he saw 
I have denounced no- 
fit to take in his report. 
body who may not agree with mc in regard to 
these matters. W c have all a perfect right to 
differ, and to differ as Republicans and fricndsot• 
the Union. Therefore, the gentleman [Mr. Cox] 
can make mo capital against Inc, either in my dis- 
trict, or anywhere else, by chargino• me with an 
attack on Governor CORW[N. 
The gentleman has made an attack upon Mr. 
Giddings. He needs no defense from Ine. 
acts in this House for twenty years will stand 
the test of criticism now and hereafter. Attacks 
are frequently made upon him by members here; 
and I Will only say, that his name will be rcmcm- 
bered with gratitude when tbc ntuncs of those who 
assail him are forgotten. I deny that he has coun- 
tenanced insurrection on this floor or elsewhere. 
Now, this- is all that I desired to say. .1 
willi1V that my constituents shall stand by their 
recor(f, shall stand by their position. I •yvill stand 
That godless old man, after spending a public life 
devoted to hate, ill will, and sedition, retired 
because he did one thing that was right—voted 
for the Crittenden-Montgomery bill. He has 
since been making up for his loss of office by the 
virulence of his spleen, and tho outlawry of his 
conduct. He has, as I have once shown here, in- 
stigated servile insurrections; and now, at the end 
of a rnisspent life, which is scarcely silvered by 
a ray of benignity, he finds, as the consequence 
of his teaching and conduct, a disrupted Union, a 
terrified people, and the prospect of unending hate 
If there was, xnercy for the 
and bloody stritkn 
thief upon the cross, there may be mercy for him. 
God grant him repentance before he fills his dis- 
honored grave! But what a life he has lived ! 
Mr. COX.. I could state the very words of it, 
if it were necessary; and I have stated the mean- 
ing and the substance of it. 
It declared that the 
fugitive slave law was " subversive of both the 
rights of the States and the liberties of the people, 
and as contrary to the plainest duties of humanity 
and justice,•and abhorrent to the moral sense of 
Is the gentleman in favor 
the civilized world." 
of executing an outrage u_pon the civilized world ? 
Yes, sir, his whole party are corrnnitted to the 
demoralization of the Federal authority, not only 
by such resolutions, but by judicial decision. 
Why the gentleman himself(LMr. STANTON] voted 
for thie chief justice of his State; and he knew, 
and they all knew, that when he was nominated 
and elected, the issue was made upon that judge's 
Ho talked the language of love to the black decision, overruling the decision of the Supremo 
race only to hide his hate for the white race who Court of the United States in favor of the consti- 
tutionality of the fugitive slave law. Here is 
I people our sou thorn States. He paraded human- 
itarian phrases and took upon his profane lips the where disunion begins. It begins at home, sip; 
in your own State and in your own party and in 
name of God only to cloak his malice and sanc- 
tify his hate. He has had, in specific wicked- your o svn breast. Your party reelected a Inan 
l'kess, Inany rivals; but if we measure men 's guilt because hc had nullified the Constitution; because 
by the objects upon which they are bent, who he had broken the oath which he had taken before 
can tell the magnitude of that portentous crime God, to support the Constitution of the United 
which causelessly dismelnbers to destroy the States. The whole. party in that vote (including 
American Repubjic? As such Republic has no my colleagues) were guilty of moral treason. 
parallel, so such a criminal has no peer. But my [Applause in the galleries.] 
[Here the hammer fell.] 
colleague praises him and commends him to im- 
Mr. STANTON. 1 should like very much to 
mortal honor! Nero had a friend, who placed 
have about five minutes to reply to my colleague. 
immortelles upon his tomb, and the worst fiends 
of the French revolution had their defenders after 
death; but were this old man now dead, and thus 
powerless in his party at home, even my colleague 
would shrink from Ille task of,embulming his bad 
rncrnory. it will, after (leath, only be remembered 
to be execrated. His late letters to rny colleague 
(Mr. CORWIN] and his compatriot, Mr. Ewing, 
show that age, which so often reclaims the most 
reprobate soul, has not withered, 
nor custom, 
which so often tires of its baleful work, has not 
staled, I hc infinite varicty of his malice and his 
l'nadncss. istory, in its record of this great anti- 
slavery sedition, and its consequent revolution, 
will only picture the whiteness of his hair, to con- 
trast it Wilh the blackness ot• that purpose which 
for years arid years has pursued crusade whose 
tcrril)lc consummation is upon us, in the crumb- 
ling away of our States and the destruction of IllCir 
[Cries of" Go on ! " and " Object ! " 
The SPEAKER. The question ison the mo- 
lion to adjourn. 
The motion was disagreed to. 
Mr. STANTON obtained the floor. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 have no objection to the 
gentleman going on for five minutes, if his col- 
league [Mr. Cox] may have another five minutes 
in reply, I want to see fair fight, if this thing 
is to go on. [Cries of Agreed ! "] 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 propose that my 
friend from Kentucky [Mr. BURNETT] shall be 
designated to hilY1. 
Ml•. STANTON. 1 have heard that charge 
from sundry gentlemen. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 desire to know, before the 
crentlernan from Ohio proceeds with his remarks, 
whether it is understood that his colleague in 
h front of me [Mr. Coxl is to have the right to 
'.11he gentleman from Ohio [M r. CORWINII be- l! reply. It is usual to allow an interval for fresh 
I-Ic is training before a new combat; but we have entire 
longs to a different class of Ikepub)icans. 
It must be under- 
of that class with which I rnost agree in these 'i confidence in our friend here. 
stood that hc is to have the right to reply. 
Hiatters of concilinli01'1 for the U . 
reported a ill respect to the return o % The SPEAKER. The Chair will execute any 
by mine. Iam in favor of l.}'ie Union as it is, and 
I fugitives from justice, which was in response to understanding the House may see fit to makc. 
as our fathers gave it to us; but I do not think it 
i a re.so\u lion thal I offered sozne time before, und Mr. CAMPBELL. If it is understood, by 
can be preserved by sacrificing those very prin- 
ciples on which it is based. If the cause of liberty which is called for by a resolution offered within unanimous consent, that this is not to interfere 
with mv right to the, floor when the special order 
a few days by a leading Republican nun•nbcr of 
is to be betrayed and crucified in the year of' grace, 
1861, I trust that there will not be Ibund among . the Olli(J) Legislati.u•e. l' am in favor of that Inea.s- cornes up on next Thursday, will 11)ake no ob- 
But my II jection to giving each of these gentlemen five min- 
committee of thirty-three. 
its apostles a betrayer and crucifier. 
colleague [Mr. I-IUTCIIINS] attacks it. Why? utes. [Cries o-t' " Am•ecd ! • ' " Agreed ! 
Mr. COX. The last of 
No objection being made, five minutes was as- 
1.10 says he is for the Because the United States judgcs, and not a Re- 
shows just where he is. 
publican Governor, will be then in t.hc position to signed each—to Mr. STANTON and Mr. Cox. 
if and and;" qualifying his 
Union, but with an 
N.Ir. STANTON. I do not carc myself, per- 
take the John Browns and Oliver Ihowns and 
remark with the phrase that hc is only for t.hc 
Hc knows, i i Mcrriarns out of his district, so that he cannot sonally, anything al.)oul, the remarks of my col- 
liberty be not . " 
Union, 
league; but for the sake of the truth of history, 
or ought to know, that the Union is the only thereai't.er• get (heir votes. 
I and to prevent misrepresentati01'1 of the party to 
I said that thcrc arc several classes of Repub- 
shield -of liberty. But he means, if he means any- 
licans. T herc is a pious class; there is a cursino• which 1 belonT, I desire to correct what has been 
thing, that, if there be power in the Government 
! class; there is a fight,ing class; and there is a so often said here, as to nyspi€ and the chairman 
to crush out slavery, either in thc Territories or 
patriotic class. 'I' he gont.lema.n [Mr. l! of the committee of thirty-three not being repre- 
in States, then hc is for tbc Union; but he is not. 
t.hey believe all they sentative men of the Republican party. 
bcTonEs to t.be pious class; 
I-Ie is not 
for it, if it does not give that power. 
Now, sir, I w•as a member of the committee that 
for it, unless he can make it the instrument of his say. 'I'hÜ doughty member from Ohio, [Mr. Asu- I 
interft•red so ungenerously to prevent II reported the resolution to which my collea«yue has 
fanaticism, I say th4t I am for the Union, wilh- 
out qualification or condition, now and all the me from replying—belongs to the cursing class. so frequently referred in debate upon this floor. 
'I'hey do not believe anything, but profess just I I concurred that resolution then, and i concur 
time. I will do what the gentleman will not— 
'I*he fighting in it to-day. 
I hold a fugitive slavc law which 
yield and compromise much its salvation. ' Ehe enou«vh to get them into Corlgress. 
I witl not authorizes the capture of freemen without the 
gentleman said in his speech, a while ago, that I class arc very brave—in time of peace. 
slightest chance of trial, without a hearing before 
would be for the Union, provided the Republican narue those who belong to this class. Then there 
is another class, composed of those who have a any court or any officer- known to the law, to be 
party should be crushed out. 
I do not know, 
an outrage upon civilization. I hold that. doctrine 
leaven of'patrioticfeelil).g. My colleagues [Messrs. 
Mr. Speaker, but that it may bc necessary to roll 
tlle Juggernaut car over this Republican party to CORWIN at')d STANTON] belong to this latter class. to-day; and hold it to be the solemn dat,y of this 
save the Union; but I would even be willing to Bat they havo not the confidcncc of the body of Congress, either in the form prescribed in the re- 
give a lease of power for fifty years to that party, their party in Ohio. [A voice: " How do you port of the committee of thirty-three, or in some 
• How do I know it! Because your other mode, to provide some guard against kid- 
know thal? 
if I could see that it would conduct the Govern- 
napping men without the power of 
ment on principles like those of my colleague, party in convention, last year and the year before, 
passed resolutions almost unanimous\y, that the whether they are slaves or not. 'That, sir, is the 
[Mr. CORWfN,] which would preserve the Union. 
I would be willing to surrender party suprenncy, ftkffitive slave law and should doctrine of the Republican party of Ohio, rny col- 
I league [Mr. CORWIN] and Inyselfincluded. Cllhere 
ifthereby we could keep the old stars and stripes not be executed. 
is no controversy about it. 'I'he Republican party 
floating over the national. Congress. [Applause.] Mr. HUTCHINS. Oh, no ! 
Mr. Speaker, there are various classes of Re- Mr. STALNTON. Thegentleman does not state of Ohio assumes the responsibility of that position 
publicans. The gentleman [Mr. I-.IüTC111Ns] be- II the resolution correctly. Every member of the and that resolution, and are ready to stand upon 
longs to the worst of the Abolition wing; and well committee that reporte(.t it agreed to that resolu- 
it and sustain it. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, when we denounced that 
may he defend his predecessor, Mr. Giddings. 
