840 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 11, 
present Congress, and thus give their constituents 
an opportunity to fill the Vacancies with Congress- 
men who will respond to the wishes of the peo- 
ple that a speedy settlement may be agreed upon, 
that bloodshed and disruption of the Confederacy 
may be averted, and our beloved Union main- 
tained. I mOve that the memorial lie on the table. 
5Thc.motion was agreed to. 
BIGLER.. I present a memorial of citi- 
zens of the United States in reference to the pres- 
ent calamities of the country, in which, among 
otherthings, they set forth that they beg leave to 
remind Congress that if action be not taken on 
the plan of compromise submitted by Mr. CRIT- 
TENDEN, or some other plan be not adopted 
ptomptly, we shall be involved in Civit war. I 
move that the memorial lie on the table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. BIGLER. I also present fifty-two memo- 
rials, of like character, signed by citizens of the 
county of Chester, State of Pennsylvania, bear- 
ing the signatures of twenty-two hundred and 
sixty-five persons, I ask that one of these memo- 
rials be read. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 object to the reading. 
Mr. BIGLER. It is signed by a great many 
people. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
submit the question to the Senate, whether the 
paper shall be read. 
Mr. GREEN. I object to the reading; because 
it is not accOrding to the rule. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on, reading the memorial. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is there any rule of the 
Senate against the reading of a petition? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule re- 
quires that, if the reading of a paper is objected 
to, the Chair shall submit the question to thc 
Senate, and the rnaiority shall determine. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is that applicable to 
petitions, which are regulated by the Constitution 
of the United States, in declaring that the right of 
petition shall not be abrid ? What is the right 
of petition? Not to have their petition heard? I 
respectfully sueo•est that the Constitution of the 
United States makes a rule on this subject, and 
that neither the Senate nor anybody else can vio- 
late it; but [ submit to the Chair whether it is not 
a const.itutional right of the people to have their 
petition read. 
I do not wish to oc- 
cupy the time of the Senate. 
'l'he PRESIDING OF,FICER. The Chair 
vv"iil state the question, and then the Senator can 
appeal, if he thinks proper. 'Ilhe uniform prac- 
tice of the Senate is, where the reading of a paper 
is objected to, that the Chair Shail subrn_lt the 
question to thc Senate. The Chair understands 
the Senator from Kentucky as objecting to his 
decision in this case. 
Mr. GREE'N. T herc is no appcal from the 
decision oc the Chair. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But the vote 
is not yct decided. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 understand that. 
Mr. BIG}.TJER.. I desiro to say one word 
Mr. GREEN. 1 have the floor, 1 
desire to say my word first. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Missouri is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. GREEN. The rule to which t11C Chair 
alludes is with reference to a collateral paper rc- 
ferr.ing to business pending before the Senate. 
r [his is a memorial or petition; and the r a lc ex- 
pressly says its purport shall be stated by thc 
member who presents it, and that is the end of it. 
It is not in order to read it. 
(hit. of court.esy to 
States, when State Legislatures pass resolutions, 
they are read and- printed; but any others arc 
never read. When business is pending, and the 
reading is called for of a papcr relatin'" to busi- 
ness pending before the Senate, and that paper is 
in the possession of the Senate, then the Chair 
would be right; but not in this case. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The decision 
of the Chair is in conformity with the established 
usage and practice of the Senate for the last sixtv 
years. 
Mr. GREEN. It is not according to the rule, 
nevertheless. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman pro- 
nounces very em iy that petitions are never 
read. Sir, it is very idle to enter into any con- 
troversy of merc asscverations here. My under- 
standing is, that they are often read. For con- 
venience, it is commonly the casc that the person 
presenting thém does not desire it, and it is more 
frequently the case, therefore, that they are not 
read. But it is not a rule of the Senate that they 
shall not be read—far from it. The gentleman 
misapprehends entirely the rule which he reads. 
The mover of a. petition is required to state the 
purport of it, and the petition must be in respect- 
ful language, in ordcr that the Senate •may have a 
general understanding of it ; and that shall be done, 
says the rule. That is preliminary to the present- 
ation of the petition; but he whö supposes that 
that was intended as a substitute for the reading 
of the petition, entirely misapprehends the rule. 
You want to know beforehand what is the subject 
upon which persons are petitioning; it may be one 
with which we have nothing to do; and hence a 
statement is required. 
Mr. GREEN. to a point of order. There 
is no appeal taken. I do not appeal; the Senator 
from Kentucky aorecs with the Chair; therefore 
there is nothing open to debate. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 am entitled to the 
.The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Kentucky has the floor. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 make that point, thatitis not 
open to debate. There is no appeal pending. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senator has no 
ri"ht to interrupt, me, I suppose. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary 
will read the rule, if the Sénator from Kentucky 
will allow it, under which the Chair has acted. 
The Secretary read the 14th _rulc, as follows: 
14. I.Vhcn thc reading a paper is called for, and the 
smne is objected to by any Incn•iber, it shall be determined 
by a vote of the Senate, and without debate." 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That, the gentleman 
and I understand alike. 
Mr. l/ [TCH. 
rl'hat is not the rule which 
covers proceedings ofthis case; it is rule 24. The 
Senator from Nl.issouri is clearly wrow. 
Mr. BIGLER. he is. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Secretary 
will read that rule. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
'kt. At-tor the Journal is read, the 
President shall first 
petitions and for reports fro:n standing coni- 
Iiiitt.ees 
, and every petition, or 
In e rn aria l, or other pa per, 
shall bc referred ()t• course, 
without putting a question 
that r pose 
unless the ret@ret-tee is ohiected to hy a )lieln,- 
ber at the tilne such petition, or other is 
.A nd beiöre any pet-it.ion or me'notial, addressed 
presented. 
to the Senate, shall reccived 
at the 
whet her toe Shali be introi.luccd by the 
, a brie r stat«nnent. of t.he. eon tents of' the petition or 
Illeanorial shall verbally be Inade by the introducer." 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It, establishes 
what I have said, and I have nota word Inore to 
say. Before presenting it at the table, the person 
presentino• it shall state the of it, so that 
is in respectful language.. 
'I'hab is the general 
Mr. P. IGLE'R. 
desire to say, as there seems 
to .bc exc.it.ennent on this subject 
Mr. I rise to a point of order. 
1 
warlt to know what is the question before the 
Senate. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
before the Senate is Ibis: the Senator from Penn- 
sylvania submits to the Senate a petition, or a 
memorial, and asks that it be read, 'The reading 
of it is objected to— 
Mr. BIGLER. By the Senator from Missouri. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
sul_nnits that question to the Senate. 
Mr. GREEN. Nobody excepts to thatataH. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That question 
is not debatable. 
Mr. GRFEN. Nobody excepts to it. 
It is 
not debatable; and why not take thc vote? 
The PRESIDING ÖFFICER. The question 
is, whether the papcr shall be read. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How long is it? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. About five or 
six lines. 
Mr. Not more than ten lincs any- 
how. It could have been read long ago. 
The motion to read the Y)Dtition was agreed to; 
and the Secretary read it, as follows: 
To t.h.e Senate and 
I-louse of Representatives of the United States: 
'Vhe mmnorial citizens of the county of 
Chester, and Statc of Pennsylvania, respectfully showeth : 
'Ithat in witli their tulow-.cit.izens, feeling deeply 
ii concerned in the present crisis of the naUon, for the con- 
tinued peace and unity of the country, and ever anxious to 
promote the common interests and happiness of all our peo- 
ple, they desire to speak words of peace, and to urge most 
earnestly and unitedly the imperative necessity for patriotic 
and prompt action, and for mutual concession and compro- 
mise, without reference to party or party platforms—waiv- 
ing all minor questions, and sinking every consideration in 
the cause of Union, and the restoration of' peace to our 
nation and fraternal love to the hearts of our people. 
Your memorialists therefore humbly, but earnestly, pray, 
that Congress may speedily adopt, for the settlement of our 
national difficulties, such measures as are substantially em- 
braced in the plan of compromise submitted in the Senate 
oftbe United States by Senator CRITTENDEN, believing that 
propositions so just to all sections ofthe Union will restore 
tranquillity and lasting peace to the whole country. 
Mr. HALE and others. Read the names. 
Mr. GREEN. Oh, no. 
Mr. BINGHAM.. Let us have them. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Do Senators 
insist on the reading of the names ? 
Mr. HALE and Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly. 
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 move that the further 
reading bc dispensed with. 
ThÖPRESIDING OFFICER. The reading of 
the names is objected to, and the Senatm• from 
Rhode Island moves that the further reading of 
the paper be dispensed with. 
The motion was agreed to; and the memorial 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a privileged motion. 
I move to reconsider the vote by which the Indian 
appropriation bill wras passed. 
Che PRESIDING OFFICER. Did the Sen- 
ator vote with the majority ? 
Mr. GREEN. I voted with the majority, in 
order to make thic.' motion. Ido not ask the con- 
sideration of it now; I simply want it entered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion 
iVilk be entered. 
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 
Mr. BRAGG, from the Committee on Military 
Afl*airs und Militia, to whom was referred the bill 
(H. R. No. 435) to refund to the Territory of 
Utah tbc expenses incur.red in suppressing Indian 
hostilities. in the year 1853, reported it without 
arnti'ldrnent. 
Mr. BRAGG. The Committee on Public Lands, 
to whom was referred I-louse bill No. 943, to pro- 
vide for bringing up the arrearages of work in the 
land office at Olympia, in Washington Territory, 
have instructed me to report it back, with a rec- 
ommendation that it pass; and I also request the 
Senate to puss it now. It is in pursuance of a 
recommendation from the Departmen t, and appro- 
priates the sum of $3,000. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. there objec- 
tion to the Present consideration of the bill ? 
Mr. BIGLER. I object. Let us proceed with 
business regularly. 
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen- 
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 
858) granting a pension to Rufus L. Harvey, re- 
ported it without amendment, and that it ought 
not to pass. 
I-Ie also, from the same committee, to whom 
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 654) grantino• a 
pension to Thomas Booth, reported it without 
amendment, and that it ought not to pass. 
Alp. BAYARD. The Committee on the Ju- 
diciary, to whom was referred the memorial of 
Susan E. Gordon, widow of George Fisher, de- 
ceased, praying for the passage of such measures 
as may be necessary to execute the joint resolu- 
tion of the 1st of June, 1860, have instructed me 
to ask that the committee be discharged from its 
further consideration, and that it be referred to 
the Committee Indian Affairs. The Commit- 
tee on Indian Affairs have before them a joint 
resolution of the House of Representatives, repeal- 
ing the resolution to which this relates; and we 
suppose the whole subject ought to be 
committee. 
It was so ordered. 
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on 
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. 
No. 828) for the relief of Amanda Batts, Laura 
P. W. Youn„, and Betsey Murdock, heirs of Bar- 
bara Walker, reported it without atnendment. 
Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Private 
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. 
R. No. 583) for the relief of the heirs and legal 
representatives of Jean A. B. Dauterive, reported 
it without amendment. 
Mr. GRIMES, frogl the Committee on Pen- 
