844 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 11, 
is $19,456. There also ways. submitted, at the-same 
time, ah estimate of the cost of erecting a porch 
in front-of the marine barracks, $3,075; but, in 
the condition of the Treasury at this time, the 
Naval Committee do not recommend the adoption 
of this; but they recommend the appropriation 
proposed for the repairs of the barracks, which 
are tumbling to pieces at Charlestown. 
The amendment was agreed to 
Mr. HALE. 1 am instructed by the Commit- 
teé on Naval Affairs to move to amend the bill, 
by striking out lines one hundred and fifty-seven 
and one hundred and fifty-eight, which, among 
Other navy-yard appropriations, provides: 
Pensacola. "—For repairs of all kinds $10,000." 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to hear some 
reason for that. Is it necessary ? 
Mr. HALE. We do not think it is necessary 
to appropriate any money there at this time; that 
is all. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. HALE. I am further instructed by the 
same committce to move to strike out lines one 
hundred and eighty-five, one hundred and eighty- 
six, and one hu-ndred and eighty-seven, under the 
appropriations for " hospitals, " in these words: 
" Pensacota.—For general repairs, $7 ,500. " 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. HALE. I am further instructed by the 
game committee to report the following amend- 
ment as a new section to the bill: 
and beit further enacted, That the third section of the 
act cntitied"' An act tnaking appropriations for the legisla- 
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of' the Govennnent 
for the year ending thc 30th of June, 1861 " approved June 
23, 1860, be, and tllC same is hereby, repealed. 
Perhaps thc necessity for this had better be ex- 
plained by reading about a page from the annual 
report of the Secretary of the Navy. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
"Patented .nrticIcs—The provision in the act of Congress 
of June •23, 186(), which prohibits thc purchase ot• patented 
articles ft)r the use of the Ariny and Navy will be iöund 
injurious to the Kitter service. Since the introduction of 
stetun to pt•opcl ships of war, a great variety of patented ar- 
ticles have, in the construction and repair of a stemnsbip, 
becoxne a daily use, aud in many cases of indispensable 
necessity. Patented boilers, surihce condensers, friction 
thrusts, governors or speed regulators, steam putnpg, cap- 
Étans;, air ports, boat detachers, galleys, or cooking stoves, 
ventilators, steerins.r apparatus, lanterns, logs and leads, vul- 
canized bber, salinonjettn•s e tountet•s, hydraulic jac 
water-gauges, and Inany tools for manut•acturiug lilachin- 
ery, and driving and drawing bolts, are of this description. 
And what is True ()t• Ilie stcatn nuucllinery is also in sozne 
measure true of the nrrnanrent. A war stemner built now 
aceordjhq to the fashion of' the past, cxchlding au modern 
patented "improvonents, would be an antiquated object, thr 
behind -the present age, und us Inefficient us it would be 
antiquated. 'Illic best patented inmproved boiler will 
nmko a saving of' ei"hteen per cent. ot•stcazn. ero dispense 
witli all patented surface condensers would be wanton ex- 
'J'o arm a ship-of, war without modern pat- 
travaganec. 
ent.cd invention, xvoul(l give great, advantagc to the enen1Y. 
'.L'O prohi bit the sailor the: use of h is sentnless pea-jacket. and 
cap, ivoatd be to (lept•ivc hiln of' the cotnlört of sonnc of his 
du ruble, and and early water- 
light, war:n, 
proof clothing. '-l'o Ilin'l the use 01' American 
desiccated vegetables, would take t'roru Ililn a por- 
tion of his n:ost nutritious and acceptable Ibod. It is inl- 
possible to build, eqtup, artn, 
and provide a stealnship of 
war having anyt.hitlkf like USUOI tnodern eflicieney, without 
t.rcspassil*l-; (jn all sides upon Inodern patt:nted unprove- 
rnents:. also is; (luc to the inventive genius of 
It i* within the Inernory of the livinrr 
our country!ncn. 
lvhen the great inventions and discoveries wllicll have 
almost revojutioned the world were unki'kown. 
Supplicsfor the act of of March 
3, 1.847, (Statutes at l,arge, volurne 9, page 172, section 
two,) cxtnuptc•d butter and cheese purchased för the Navy 
frolfi the Operation the genera) law M'hich requires coll- 
I(3west bidder. 
tracts to be given to the 
'I'he act of Au- 
gust 3, 1843, (volutne 9, page 272, section eleven,) author- 
ized tbe Secretary of the Navy specially to contract for 
tobacco without advertising. The joint resotution of Alarc.•h 
27, 1854, (voilune 1(), page 593,) authorized the purchase 
for the use the Navy of particular bran(ls of flour in open 
rnarket. Ail these provisions were repealed by the act of i 
()ougcess approved Junc, 23, 1860. It is reconnncnded that 
the repeal be repealed, so as to restore the {'ormer law ; as, 
otherq,vise. it witl be itnpracticabie to provide fbr the Navy 
buttcr, cheese, and flour which "'ill bear exposure to hat 
cliu•jates. 'The sailor, also, should be pennttt.ed to have 
his fitvorite tobacco prepared specially tor his use." 
Mr. HALE. The Secretary of the Navy has 
found that in regard to several of these articles 
supplied to the sailors, of which he speaks, it is 
utterly im no.gsil)le to procure the-m by advertise- 
ment. A certain species of butter they must have, 
in order to stand hot, climates, and so of flour, 
and so of tobacco. This provision is found to be 
inconvenient. and inhumane to the sailors; and the 
Secretary asks us to repeal the law that prevents 
him from buying these patented articles, and also 
which Compels him to advertise for everything he 
wants to buy. There are certain articles which 
he should be at liberty to buy without advertise- 
ment, which discretion is taken away by this act. 
We propose; now, merely to repeal it. 
Mr. PEARCE. It seems to me that, probably, 
it would be advisable to modify the law of the last 
session, by allowing the Secretaries of the War 
and Navy Departments to •purchase many of the 
articles which have been mentioned in• the paper 
that has been read at the Secretary's table; but I 
should like to sec the provision so far as it re- 
gards the purchase of patented arms, retained in 
the law. I do not see that anything can be lost 
to the Government by compelling the heade of 
these Departments to come to Congress for au- 
thority to purchase patented fire,arms. I believe 
that therc has been considerable abuse in that way. 
Large contracts have been made for patented arms. 
There are half a dozen different arms contesting 
for superiority, anda Secretary may decide, from 
favoritism, to take one hundred or one hundred 
and fifty thousand dollars' worth of arms in that 
particular way. I should like to see him restrained 
In that particular, and to require the assent of 
Congress to be given to every purchase of that 
In regard to other matters, steam engines, 
sort. 
governors, and provisions, I admit that it is proper 
for the Secretary to purchase them without the 
restriction of this law; and if this amendment can 
be modified so as to retain the provision prevent- 
ing the purchase of patented arms without the 
consent of Congress, I shduld consent to the rest; 
but if not, I shall vote against it. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whynotmoveanamend- 
ment to this? 
Mr. HALE. Is the Senator from Maryland 
preparing to send an amendment to the Chair ? 
Mr. PEARCE. I propose to prepare an.amend- 
ment to the Senator s amendment. 
Mr. HALE. the consent of Senate, 
Whilst the Senator from Maryland is preparincy 
that ameridment, I will submit ånother amend- 
mcnt from the Committee on Naval Affairs. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
ment will be considered as withdrawn, for the 
purpose of receiving the arnendment of the Sena- 
tor from Now Hampshire. 
Mt. HALE. 1 am further instructed by the 
Committee on Naval Affairs to offer an amend- 
ment, to insert as a new section, the followino•: 
Bc it further enacted, That the annual salaries of the 
clerks hereinafter n;uued shall be as follows, viz : 
At the navy-yard* at Boston, New York, ond Nor(bll' : 
The first clerk to the. conunandant, $1 
'Phe second clerk to the coultnandant, $960. 
'Illc lirst clerk to the navai storc -keeper, $1 200. 
'l'hc second cterk to the naval store-keeper, $900. 
Clerk of the yard, 200. 
Clerk to the. paynnastcr, $1,000. 
Clerk to the ill.spector of provisions 
, $1,000. 
Clerk to the naval constructor, $800. 
At the navy-yard at I-Vashington : 
The first eferk to the conunandant, $1 ,200. 
'Vhe second clerk t.o the eonnnandant, $960. 
'.l'he first clerk t.o tiro naval store-keepei•, SI 200. 
The second e lcrk to the 
navai store-keeper, $750. 
C,lcrk to the payinastcr, 
At the navy-yard at Marc Island : 
'I'he clerk to the conunandant, $1,300. 
'l'he clerk ot the yard, $1,200. 
"I'hc clerk to t.lte naval Store-keeper, $1 
'l'hc clerk to the pæylliaster, 200. 
At the navy-yard at Philadcll"lia : 
"I'hc clerk to the 200. 
cu .000. 
'I'hc clerk to the naval storekeeper, 
qtlie clerk of the yard, $1,000. 
'_i_'he clerk r.o the paylilast.er, $1,000. 
The clerk to the naval constructor, $800. 
At the navy-yard at Portsmouth : 
'I'hc ckn•k to T.ue eoznrnandanc, '200. 
'Ehe clerk to the naval storekeeper, $1,000. 
'l'he clerk of the yard, $1,000. 
'.['hc clerk to the paynlaster, $1,000. 
The clerk to the naval constructor, $800. 
At thc Naval Acadellly: 
The Secretary, ,250. 
The clerk to tbc supcrintendent. $1,000. 
'l'he. clerk to tho payrnaster, $1,000. 
'I'he clerks to tlle payinasters on the receivint' ships at 
Boston, New York, and Norfölk, each, $1,000. 
Pro vided, That all laws. or parts of laws, allowing twenty 
per cent. additional compensation to auy of the ekerks here- 
in provided tkn•. be, and the same are hereby, repealed. 
I will make a short statement in regard to this 
amendment. T herc have been various applica- 
tions made to Congress fbr alterations of this pay. 
At the last session of Congress, the Naval Cono- 
mittee thought that they had not time, and were 
not competent to the examination; but they had 
a resolution passed in the Senate, on the 16th Of 
June, 1860, asking information of the Department 
upon those matters; and the proposition that I 
have made is submitted agreeably to the schedule 
that is submitted by the Department. 
It is not 
an increase of pay in the aggregate; it is a de- 
crease; but it tends to equalize them. TINhe pay, 
as it now is, is exceedingly unequal, as I will show 
from the statement which is prepared. For in- 
stance, the clerk of the yard, in most of the yards, 
receives $1,200. In Philadelphia and Kittery, 
Maine, he receives $900. In the city of Wash- 
ington, he receives than is paid in 
New York and Massachusetts. At Mare Island, 
California, the clerk of the yard receives #3,000, 
while the clerk to the naval storekeeper receives 
only $900. This amendment has been prepared 
in accordance with the document that has been 
sent to us by the Departrnent, in answer to a res- 
olution of the Senate. equalizes the pay, and 
reduces the amount instead of increasinp it. 
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator mean it 
reduces the entire amount, or only the amount 
of some of the salaries ? 
Mr. HALE. It reduces the entire amount. 
Mr. HUNTER. Does it reduce the entire 
amount of appropriation for salaries ? 
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; the aggregate amount 
appropriated is decreased—not largely—I think 
between three and four thousand dollars; but it 
equalizes them. 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have a proposition which 1 
desire to offer as a substitute for that submitted 
by the Senator from New Hampshire : 
That the pay of first clerks to connnandants at all the 
navy-yards shall be -at the rate of $1,200 per annum, ex- 
cept that at the California navy-yard, which shall be at the 
rate ,500 per annum ; and that the laws approved the 
22d of April, 1854, the 4th of August, 1854, the 3d of March, 
1855, and the 12th of June, 1858, increasing the pay of 
clerks and others twenty per cent. at the Washington 
navy-yard, be, and the same are hereby, repealed. 
Mr. President, this proposition which I submit 
equalizes the pay of the clerks at all these navy- 
yards, and does not, like the proposition of the 
Senator from New I•-ltunpshirc, increase the pay 
in some cases to paymaster 's and purser's clerks; 
a_nd thereby, by this nmendrnent which I now 
offer, thcrc would be a much greater aggregate 
deduction it) the expenses growmg out of the pay 
of these officers than there would bc by the amend- 
ment offered by him. The proposition submitted 
by the Senator from New Hampshire is open to 
precisely the same objection that he has assigned 
as existing against the law as it now stands; or 
the same inequality between the paymasters' 
clerks would exist, if his amendment was adopted, 
that now exists in the pay of tho commandants' 
clerks. If his amendment is adopted, some of the 
paymasters ' clerks would receive #750, and others 
would receive $1,080. If my amendment, to the 
an-xendment be adopted, it would stand, that the 
paymasters' clerks would remain at $750, and 
some ofthe com mandants ' clerks would be brouoht 
up to $1,200, and others brought down to $1,200, 
making then) all equal, and would save several 
thousand dollars to the Treasury. 
r i"hc amendment to tbc amendment was agreed 
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is 
informed that the amendment that was withdrawn 
is now ready, and will be read as modified. 
T hc Secretary read it, as follows: 
and be it further enacted, That the third section of an act 
entitled An act making appropriations for the legislative, 
executive, and judicial exponscs o? the Governfllent for the 
year endizig 3()th of.} tine, 1861 anrl approved June 23, 1860, 
be, and the same is hereby, repealed, e.s&ept so far as the said 
section prohibits the purchase of patented fire-arms, as to 
which the said section shall still be in force. 
Mr. HALE. As that amendment does not come 
in conflict with the recommendations of the Secre- 
tar y of the Navy, as they are stated in this letter, 
I do not know that I shall oppose that exception. 
I accept the amendment. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. HALE. Ts the amendment adopted as 
amended ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
ment was modified, and in that form adopted. 
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Committee 
on Naval Afiäirs to oflör another amendment, to 
insert as an additional section: 
and be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Navy 
bc, and he is hereby, authorized to cause to be con*trueted 
for the United States Navy, at as early a day as practicablc, 
