1861. 
having due regard to•emciency.and economy, seven steam 
screw sloops-of-war of the second class, as vessels are rated 
in the Navy, with full steam power, whose greatest draught 
of water shall not exceed foui•teen teet; which sloops shall 
combine thé heaviest armament and greatest speed com- 
patibie with their character and tonnage ; and for the pur- 
pose above specified, the sum of $1,200,000 be, and the 
same is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treas- 
ury not otherwise appropriated, to be expended under the 
direction of the Secretary of the Navy. 
Mr. HUNTER. should like to know the 
amount that is propösed to be appropriated and 
the reasons for it; and why, at this time, it is pro- 
posed to make this large addition- to the Navy. I 
should like to hear some explanation from the 
Senator from New Hampshire. 
Mr. HALE. This is a matter that has been 
recommended by the Department and urged upon 
Congress for a number of years, the increase of 
our stoam naval force; and my impression is—I 
am not entirely certain—that the Senator from 
Virginia has been one of those who voted hitherto 
to sustain that recommendation. I will not be cer- 
tain upon that subject. But I apprehend, sir, that 
the idea of another sailing vessel being built is an 
absurdity. There never will be another. The 
Navy henceforth is to be a steam Navy. The com- 
mittee were unanimous in the opinion that this 
addition to •the Navy was a pertinent and proper 
one at the present time, and rccommcndcd these 
sloops at once. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 should like to hear the 
amendment read again. I was out when the Sec- 
retary commenced reading it, and I only heard 
the conclusion of the amendment. 
The Secretary again read it. 
Mr. HALE. As our reading clerk is not at 
the desk, 1 will read myself tl'le recommendation 
of the Secretary of the Navy on this subject: 
The constant appeal of American citizens, coming to 
us from all quarters of the world, asking for security and 
protection beyond what the Government, with its present 
means, can afford them, speaks a langua«ye to which we 
are not at liberty to turn a deaf ear. 'l'o bc able at any time, 
at short notice, to throw a powerful naval force upon any 
given point where our interests are threatened, or the lives 
of American cjtizens are in jeopardy, is not only a consti- 
tutional duty, but one of the safest, most beneficent, and 
salucary powers that can he intrusted to official hands under 
a rcpublican form of government; and I cannot permit the 
present occasion to pass without Inost earnestly recom- 
mending the policy of a gradual, substantial, and perma- 
nent increase of the Navy, accompanied by the universal 
introduction into it of the motive power of steam. Such 
policy is essential to the protection of our coasts and com- 
merce, and of American citizens and their property on the 
ocean and in distant countries ; to the preservation of peace, 
the efficiency of negotiation, the general advancement of 
our counmercial interests, the maintenance of our appro- 
priate position among nations, and the prompt vindication 
of our rights and of the honor of the country, and should 
be subject to none Of the ordinary vacillations arising from 
the varicd success of political parties." 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 think the Senator from 
New Hampshire will find, if he thinks my votes 
a matter worthy of examination, that I have not 
voted to increase the Navy for some years past, 
especially since the 'Treasury has been in its pres- 
It seems to me it is 
ent embarrassed condition. 
peculiarly inappropriate to select the present pe- 
riod for such an expenditure as is now proposed, 
while it is known that the Treasury is in such a 
deeply embarrassed condition. We cannot get 
along without borrowing money, and we have 
not been able to borrow at less than ten, eleven, 
I know not why it is that, 
and twelve per cent. 
at such a time as this, they should come forsyvat•d 
and demand money for these vessels, making a 
still further deficiency. What seems to be a little 
suspicious is, that they seem to be of that class 
which are designed for the southern ports; that 
is, the ports of those States that have seceded 
and withdrawn from this Union. It seems to me 
that such a proposition, at such a time as this, 
must have some reference to some proposed ne- 
cessity of that sort. For myself, I should be un- 
willing, in the present condition of tbe country, 
no matter what was the condition of our domestic 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
845 
recommended by the committee last yeav, if I rec- 
ollect aright, of which the honorable Senator from 
Florida [Mr. MALLORY] •was chairman. 
Mr. HUNTER. They were recommended by 
the Senator from Florida at a time when his own 
State had not seceded, and they were recom- 
mended on the ground that they were vessels for 
those ports; that they were of such a draft as to 
get into them. It was said that the ships which 
had been built, with few exceptions, drew too 
much water to enable them to be of any use for 
the protection of those ports. That was the ground 
on which they were pushed, and that is the ground 
on whichthey were advocated. There is now no 
such necessity; there is no such demand upon us; 
there is no such duty required of us; and I cannot 
help feeling that there is something more meant 
than is expressed on the face of the amendment. 
Mr. GRIMES. I vote for this proposition as 
an economical measure myself; and I think the 
Senator from Virginia will satisfy himself, if he 
will look into the subject, that it is an economical 
measure. I apprehena, in the first place, that this 
Government will never build another sailing ves- 
I think hazard nothing in saying that there 
sel. 
is -no Government on the face of tho earth that is 
building a sailing war vessel at this time. In 1859 
the British Govcrnmcnt had only eleven then on 
the stocks, and nearly two hundred steam vessels; 
and they have abandoned theidea of building any 
more sailing vessels, as I understand. This Gov- 
ernment has eight screw sloops-of-war, such as 
are proposed to be built now. The whole of them 
carry forty-onc guns. The Govermnent of Great 
Britain has two hundred and seventy-four of thc 
same class of vessels. 
Mr. POLK. Will the Senator to ask 
him how much the eight. we have cost? 
Mr. GRIMES. The precise costl do not know; 
but somewhere in the neighborhood of $300,000 
each. 
Mr. POLK. Then that proposition only pro-- 
poses to appropriate $1,200,000. 
It is not proposed 
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. 
to appropriate the whole amount necessary to 
complete them, but only such an amount as prob- 
ably will bc uscd during the current year, and at 
the next Congress enough will bc appropriated— 
some t}iree or four hundred thousand dollars—to 
complete them. We have some larger stear-n ves- 
sels than those that are proposed td be built, that 
cost three times as much as each of these will 
cost. Several of them arc now on duty—one in 
the East Indies, two in the Mediterranean, one 
in the Gulf of Mexico, antl one on the Pacific. It 
costs this Government per year to navigate and 
man those vessels, for the wear and tear of the 
hull, the pay of the officers and men, and for pro- 
visions for twelve months, The cost 
ing up the navak)stablishment.• Ifi regatd:to -that, 
I have to say that I do not think there Cin be any 
economy, in the pr*ent condition•of- the Treas- 
ury, in voting this amount to make additions to 
the Navy. There is already a large appropria• 
tion in this bill for repairs and additions to the 
I believe; something 
million more than was appropriated -last year, and 
it seems to me that that ought to be suffcient.- 
In to the relative effcienc,y of•smallzand 
large steamers, that is not a matter for me to de- 
cide. That is a professional question.' I do not 
profess to be able to determine between the rela• 
tive effciency or the expediency of building the 
one or the other. I suppose, when we have money 
in the Treasury, •when we are enabled to go on 
regularly with keeping up the establishment, we 
ought to have both 'large and small steamers. 
apprehend they are building both in the services 
of England and France. 1 think it is a- question 
in regard to which naval men aiffer. Ate-ny rate, 
I' know it 
I do not pretend to decide* upon' it. 
costs less to man and navigate a small steamer 
than a large one; but what 1 say is: in the pres- 
ent condition of the Treasury, when we have been 
so largely adding to the debts of the Government, 
when we find ourselves unable to meet the pres- 
ent demands, and pay the offcers' salaries even; 
it will be prudent not to add to the public expend- 
iture by the amount that is here proposed. I ap-. 
prehend that we will find it a very djmcult matter 
to meet the necessary expenditures of this Gov- 
ernment; and until we have secured the means for 
meeting them, •ve ought to avoid these large ex- 
penditures, especially those which are not imme- 
diately and absolutely-necessary. Surely, there 
is no immediate necessity forthese steamers which 
it,is now proposed to build. 
Mr. PEARCE. I beiieveit is a wise and eco- 
nomical policy to build these small sloops-oflwar. 
They can be kept afloat at much less expense, and 
they answer all the purposes, in times of peace, 
which large vessels do. But I doubt Whether this 
is a propitious timc for making this appropriation. 
The estimates for the naval service of this year 
are considerably over twelve million dollars. The 
committees of both Houses have reduced them; 
but the bill, so far as it has passed, appropriates 
about eleven million five hundred thousand dol- 
lars; and now, in the condition of the Treasury, 
is itatal\ possible that this other sum of $1,200,000, 
now proposed to be added to the bill, can be fur- 
nished? We have a large debt on our hands for 
the present and ensuing fiscal year; and all the 
resources of the country cannot supply us, under 
the,prescnt condition of things, even with the loans 
that we have made, the amount of money neces- 
sary to conduct the public service for the next 
It seems to me, therefore, to be un- 
fiscal year 
of one of these small vessels, mounting four guns, ii wise to make this appropriation, since it is impos- 
sible, I think, to have the money to apply to this 
for the wear and tear of the hull, interest on cost, 
payment of officers and men, and provisions for 
twelve months, is $73,000. The Senator from 
Virginia therefore will see that we can man and 
provision and navigate four of these vessels where 
we can man and provision and navigate one of 
the larger ones. Now, I ask him, if he does not 
look upon this as an economical measure? TV e 
can withdraw from tho Mediterranean two of the 
steam sloops-of-war that we have there, and sub- 
stit.nt.e, in their place two or three of these small 
vessels, that will be just as offcient to protect 
American commerce as those two are, and we 
shall have saved several hundred thousand dol- 
lars to the Government by doing so. 
These are some of the reasons which induce rne 
1 might go on and 
to vote for this proposition. 
state others; but I desire to say to the Senator 
that I do not vote for this proposition with any 
view to coerce anybody, or for the purpose of 
entering the ports of any of the southern States, 
except for some peaceful pul'pose•, certainly not 
for tiny purpose. I believe it is essential 
affairs, to vote for any addition to the Navy call- 
ing for such a sum of money as that; but when I for the interests of the country, without regard to 
I i the present uneasy and disturbed conditi0ki of the 
come to connect it with recent events, and when 
southern States. It is for the interest of the whole 
I come to look to thc class of steamers and to the 
country that we should increase the Navy sorne- 
limitation in regard to draft, it strikes me there 
purpose. For that reason, which I considef quite 
suffcient, I shall oppose the amendment. Undér 
other circumstances, I would vote very readily for 
the increase of these steam-sloops, which are highly 
economical; but I think, with the appropriation 
of $11,500,000 for the naval service already in the 
bill, we had better postpone to another session 
I this appropriation of $1,200,000. 
Mr. GRIMES. One single word further, and 
I will relieve the Senate from any further debate 
I do not propose, 
on this subject on my part. 
and I presume no sensible man in this country 
proposes, to take the Brifish or French navy as 
any criterion by which to govern ourselves, ex- 
cept in regard to the proportions that may exist 
i between their large and small vessels. Nobody 
proposes that we shall at ail approximate them 
But it would be 
the number of our vessels. 
safe for us, at any rate, in passincr upon a ques- 
tion of this kind, to looka little info the condition 
of the navies of other countries, and see what 
may be the proportion large vesSels bear to small 
ones. If any one wili take the trouble to do that, 
he will see that for the last few yearsythe proper" 
i tion of srnall vessels to large ones has beeh mado 
to exceed greatly that which existed -up to the 
timo of the Crimean war. They-'havé now in the 
must be some such intention as that. For one, I what, and increase it in this particular direction' British Navy nearly three hundred small vessels, 
• I and hence I votc for it. 
am unwilling to . vote a dollar to make any add! 
tion to the Navy which looks to the purpose of Mr. HUNTER. 1 am very glad to hear the like such as we are proposing to build: and the 
French Government has nearly two hundred small 
Senator from Iowa say that, in voting for these 
coercing the States that are out. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to suggest stearuer.s, hc does not do it with any purpose of vessels of this size; whereas they have only about 
to the Senator from Virginia that precisely the I coercion in the States have seceded; and Iam forty-five or forty-six sailing vessels of war of 
same class of vessels and the same number were . glad to put it on the question of economy in keep- about the same, or sloops-of-war. We have com- 
