1861. 
bility. It leaves a man nominally holding all the 
responsibility before the country, and then it puts 
a man in the Department who has all thc power 
because he holds a commission. It is all wrong. 
Me. BAKER. Mr. President, as far as 1 un- 
derstand it,' it appears to me that to make an As- 
sistant Secretary under the amendment, is really to 
put a head to the Navy proper, so far as discip- 
line and management are concerned; and the As- 
sistant Secretary being an old captain or an old 
commodore, will be somewhat in the position to 
the Navy that the commanding general is to the 
Army. I think that it is well. A Secretary of 
the Navy does not understand many things that 
a captain or a commodore does understand, any 
rnore than a Secretary of War understands what 
General Scott does understand better than any 
So far as the objections yet rnade 
one e\se livinc. 
are concerned, I am inclined to vote for the alter- 
not feel any peculiar 
ation of the system. 
jealousy of the Navy or e Army. This amend- 
ment does not increase the cost of the service, as 
understand. It makes an officer, in some sensc 
at least, responsible; and it relieves the Secretary 
of the Navy from the task of,determining many 
things as to detail which I know he cannot de- 
termine, 
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says that in 
these troublous times it is not worth while to alter 
the system. I do not apprehend that the altera- 
tion is proposed with reference to these times at 
but if there be trouble, or if there is to be 
all; 
trouble, the Navy will not be any worse managed 
by having a little more experience at its head. 
Besides, as I understand it, the Assistant Secre- 
tat•y of the Navy will have the same relations to 
the head of the Navy Department as the Assistant 
Secretary of' the Treasury has to the I'lead of the 
Treasury Department, or as the Assistant Secre- 
tary of State has to the head of the State Depart- 
I understand it briefly to be, to give to 
menl. 
the Navy Department something like the sym- 
metry there is in the Department. As (un- 
fortunately, as I think) there is no head of the 
Navy as there is a head o? the Army, no admiral, 
no senior commodore, through whom all direc- 
tions to the, Navy go, as to matters of detail at 
least, the Assistant Secretary will, in some sense, 
supply that. I should be willing to go further, and 
to make an acknowledged head of the Navy, as 
there is of the Army in the person of General 
Scott. 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, believe that 
the Navy Department is the least burdensome and 
the least diffeult of mana«rement of any of the 
If the object 
Departments of the Government. 
is to havo a gentleman at thc head of that Depart- 
ment svhose business it shall be to enjoy all the 
emoluments, to attend Cabinet. meetings, and to 
dispense the political patronage of his Depart- 
ment, but to transact none of the business, then 
of course, you want an Assistant Secretary. But, 
it seems to me it is only necessary to 
in truth, 
have a man of good sense, willino• to labor in his 
Departinent, at the head of it, to secure its proper 
administraüon. He has in the Depurtrnei]t now 
subordinaæ officers competent to afford him in- 
formation upon all points in which he requires 
professional advice. He has an old captain at the 
head of the Bureau of Yards and Docks; he has 
a captain also at the head of the Bureau of Hydrog- 
raphy and Ordnance; an old purser at the head 
of the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, and a 
competent person skilled in that• busitjess at the. 
head of the Bureau of Construction and Repairs. 
If a Secretary cannot undértake to :nanage the 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
847 
It is true the War Department confers I by it? The cÖuntry. Ilf the-superior: knowledge 
years. 
with him sometimes; but so the Secretary of the 
Navy may confer with those officers who hold the 
important bureaus of which I speak. 
Nobody has yet designated any particular duty 
in precise, specific terms, which is to be performed 
by this Assistant Secretary of the Navy. The in- 
tention seems. to me to be to let the Secretaryship 
be a sinecure; and have some real head taken from 
the line to command the Navy. I do not think 
this is necessary, and I do not think il is proper. 
I have some doubt whether, if there is to be an 
Assistant Secretary, he should be a captain in the 
Navy. Unfortunately, we know that, honest as 
these gentlemen are, and skillful as they are in 
their profession, there is a great deal of jealousy, 
a great deal of cliquism, in the Navy; and I be- 
lieve you will contribute to more dissensions and 
quarrels, if you have a captain of the line at the 
head of the Navy Departmentin fact, but called an 
Assistant Secretary, tl')an you have now. •What 
you want is a competent man at the head of the 
Department—a man of vigorous understanding 
and willingness to work', and that is all. 
Mr. CfÜTTENDEN. Mr. President, 1 have 
long heard it as a subject of complaint, that some 
such officer as that now proposed to be introduced 
into the naval department, was not there. I differ 
l' on thissub.ject with greatdiffdence from my friend, 
the Senatorfi:om Maryland. Itseemstomestrange 
that the command and manaoement of the Navy, 
the decision of questions ot' discipline, of the rela- 
lions of onc ofiicer to another, should be confided 
to u man who knows nothing at all about then-I. 
YVc arc told that he has offeers now around him 
of the subject which one man Chas -gives him a 
natural ascendeney, far as that aseendency is 
founded on his superior knowledge, of.. course *it 
is useful -to the: country; and why should we not 
have iL ? 
This amendment strikes me as. remedying a 
great defect, which has long existed in the Navy, 
and which has occasioned an irresponsible. and 
unoffcial adviser, the premier. of the naval ser- 
vice; or, if not so, has given the control to some 
clerk,- who, by force of long habit, and long-. in- 
tercourse with offcers of the Navy and with naval 
affairs, has had some little smattering knowledge 
beyond any amount even that the Secretary has. 
These have been constant complaints ever since I 
have heard of the Navy Department. The De- 
partment now, it seems to me, from all the accounts 
I have had of it, requires the application ofa little 
sterner government than has heretofore been ap- 
plied to it. The governmept of it is not as stern 
as the commanders of your ships would -require. 
Offcers are not held to their proper places and 
their proper dutiesv, quarrels have arisen. These 
things I have heard of, and some of them have 
It is not governed as it 
come to my knowledge. 
ought to be; and I hope that a remedy will be 
found for it in the appointment of the officer now 
I shall vote for the proposition. 
proposed. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The whole argument, 
Mt. President, proceeds upon the assumption 
that you cannot find man who is fit to be See- 
I retary of the Navy and discharge the duties of the 
office. It may be that our experience hitherto, 
especially in recent times, goes to confirm that 
employed in his department who are practical supposition; but my idea is, that there are men 
in the country who can take charge of that De- 
naval Inen, and that he can consult. wit.h thern. 
'l'his would be an argmnent against the employ- partment and discharge the duties of the -offce 
well and faithfully and understandingly. I should 
ment of assistants in any department of the Gov- 
It might be said: " Why have an As- I, not think it was a great deal to learn what the 
ernment. 
sistantSecretary ofthe Treasury? 'Chere are men naval rules and regulations are; and at any rate, 
I all about the street, and all about the hotels, whcr 
could bc easily consulted by the Secretary." That 
is not the thing. The purpose is to have a respons- 
I ible adviser, and one in whose capacity to give 
advice the public has confidence. It-is to have not 
only tho ability, but to have that ability signalized 
by the confidence of t.he country; that gives him 
confidence and authority everywhere. 
Now, sir, there is a great difference between the 
organization of the Navy and of the X*'Var Dc- 
partments. 'I'hcre is a great defect in the Navy 
when a man has the opportunity to consult with 
those who are familiar with those rules, I should 
suppose that, if disposed, ho would soon be able 
to accomplish that amount 
Now, sir, I regard this as a mere scheme, which 
will eventuate in making more division and trouble 
in the Navy than we have had hitherto. A little 
while ago, not many years since, we had 8 certain 
number of commissioners, who were culled, I. be- 
lieve, the Navy Board. They administered certain 
naval matters to the best of their ability; but being 
Department, in providing that ofiicial advice and naval men, they were finaiiy dispensed with, and 
that official knowledge to assist the Secretary of we made bureaus in the Department—four, be- 
the Navy which are provided for the Secretary of' lieve. They are all under the charge of naval 
I MT ar. ri"here is your adjutant general, not 01)ly men, and they are consulting and advising men; 
to advise but to do under the direction of the.De- and there is not an officer in the Navy, whose 
partment and of the general-in-chief. You are experience is good for anything, whose advice 
the Secretary may not have, if he chooses to ask 
sure. of giving military chara_cter, you are sure 
for it; and it is to be supposed that, if he is a sensi- 
of a military direction, to everything the 
Secretary of YVar does, whether he knows any- 
ble man, if we succeed in getting orre of that class, 
he will ask it if he needs it. 
thing about the Army or discipline or not, under 
the advice of these bureaus through whom he' Those of us who have had any occasion to in- 
must offcially act. -Why does not the Navy quire as to naval matters, or have had anything 
to do with naval oflicers, must be aware that the 
W Department require the same thing? 
I The jealousy of the gentlernan from Maine, it 
service is full of trouble always; that there are 
would seem to me, ought to bc directed with great quarrcls, differences of opin ion, cliques, animosi- 
ties, jealousies, rivalries in the service continually. 
force the military department as now con- 
stituted. The argument seems to noe to be to ex- i Why, sir, not many years ago, with a view to 
c]üde from the Navy Department all knosvledge improve the Navy, we passed a law creating a 
of naval discipline and naval affairs. Can that be naval board, who should have power to retire cer- 
tain officers. They discharged their duties; do 
right? Shall we catch up every six months, or 
every year or two, a new Secretary of the Navy, not" know how well; but we all remember that for 
whose recommendations shall be, 01' whose real years afterwards we had continual denunciations 
of the unfairness und favorilist-n will) which they 
character is—whatever his generai intelligence— 
that he knows nothing in particular about the ser- had discharged those duties. I believe they were 
Department with the advice he gees from these E vice? He can know where navies ought to be I offcers of the hkghcst rank of the Navy. We 
sources, it is because he has no brains or no will- employed; hc may know the general principles heard more than one moving appeal from the hon- 
upon which the Navy is regulated; but there are orable Senator from Kentucky; and the voice of 
ingness to labor. 
Mr. BAKER. I desire to ask the gentleman ' a thousand minor considerations that enter iFIto the honorable Senator from New Hampshire was 
loud here, day after day, in denunciation of the 
Is the service, and that are necessary to give it its 
from Maryland a question for information. 
there anybody to advise the Secretary of the II practical effieiency. Where are these to come wickedness of the whole proceeding; and it took 
Navy offcially upon questions of discipline in from? Not from the Secretary of the Navy, whom us years to get rid of the diffculty, and we only 
you do not presume to know anything about them; got rid of it by puttino• everybody back just where 
the Navv 
Mr. PEARCE. I do not know that there is and it is not desirable, perhaps, that he should, I 
'Vhat was the result of i'; show- 
he was before. 
any whose official business it is to advise him for he is a State offccr, a civil ()flicer. So let him ing most conclusively the want of good feeling, 
the want of trust, the want of everything that 
on that point; but he has these old captains in &je. He ought to bc a man of ability. He un- 
two of the bureaus which I have narned, who, if doubtedly Will always be such; and the appre- I \ should be requited to make a service of8hat kind 
w bat it should be, existing in the rard(s of these 
they are cornpetent to anything, are competent to hension is, that this assistant, W' ill usurp his pow- 
I view this now officer as ers, and that the man W' ho knowssomet.bing about i i offcers. 
give him that advice. 
Well, novel , what is proposed? Here is the 
thc fifth wbecl to a coach. There is no sort of the business to be done will, of necessity, by force 
It is under the control 
necessity for it, in my judgment. As to the com- of circumstances, obtain the ascendency over the civil arm of the service. 
of a civilian. The head of it ought to be a man 
manding general, he is not usually stationed at man who knows nothing about it. That will gen- 
Washington, and has not been for a number of II orally be the case, I acknowledge; but who profits of eminent ability. He may be a man of eminent 
