THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
of them. The law of Congress passed in 1812, 
and afterwards confirmed by a subsequent law 
passed in 1817, declares that no person shall per- 
form the duties of a- purser unless he has first been 
appointed by the President of the United States, 
and confirmed by the Senate, and authorized, 
therefore, to act in that capacity. Yet, according 
to the naval register of the last year, the last that 
has becn published, there are fifteen omcers of the 
line thatare performing th is duty, and therefore act- 
ing in direct con travention of the law of Congress. 
They were compelled to do it because there were 
'Phis operates as a great injustice to 
no pursers. 
the sailors, because there is no umpire between 
the sailors and United States, in which capacity 
the commander of the vessel ordinarily acts. 
Whenever there is any conflict between the pur- 
serand a person to whom money is paid or rations 
are delivered, the commander acts as the umpire 
to decide those controversies; but when the com- 
mander acts in the capacity of purser, or pay- 
master, there is nobody to perform that duty. It 
is unjust to the. Government likewise, and unjust 
to the man who acts as purser, because you com- 
plicate his duties, and disable him from perform- 
mg, as well as he otherwise 'vould, either of these 
branches of duty x,vhich •will be required of him 
either as commander of the men, and the naviga- 
tor of the ship, or as purser. 
It is proposed by this amendment to gradually 
decrease the number of pursers from sixty-four 
down to fifty, and to gradually increase the whole 
number of pay-offcers, by adding assistant pur- 
sers, allowing five to be appointed in the course 
of every six months, until you getup to the num- 
ber of thirty-five; and thus you will stand, at the 
end, with fifty pursers, and thirty-five assistant 
pursers, not making any very material difference, 
so far as the expenses are concerned , to the Gov- 
crnmcnt, but making a much more efficient corps 
for the performance of duty. 
There is a proposition in the amendment which 
1 suppose will mect writh considerable opposition, 
and which I am not particularly anxious should 
be adopted, although believe that it is for the 
interest of the service that it should be adopted; 
and that is, that these a'sistant pursers shall be 
between the ages of twenty-one and thirty—twen- 
ty-six was inserted in the amendment, butit should 
be thirty, which was thc affreement of the com- 
mittee—and that so long as there shall be appli- 
cants from among the graduates of the Naval 
Academy they shall be taken from that corps, be- 
I 
fore going into civil life for their procurement. 
wili give the reasons for this. 
In the first place, if you go to the line, or go to 
the Academy for these officers, it ceases to be a 
political office, and is not to be bestowed upon 
anybody because he happens to have been an ac- 
tive or influential partisan in a political campaign. 
Then, vain, you get one who is conversant with 
the duties of the situation to which he is called, 
and also acquainted with sea life; and I believed it 
to be very important—and think the committee 
concurred with me in that opinion—if you desire 
to promote the esprit du corps of the service, that 
you should have men somewhat familiar with sea 
life. Besides, you give to a purser in the Navy 
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1861. 
Academy, you get one of perfect physique. These 
young gentlemen, ',vhen they go there, are thor- 
oughly examined upon that s•ubicct; and you take 
a man who is perfect in his development, and take 
him in the prime of life, when he is capable of 
performing important service to the country. I 
know a purser, recently appointed, a man a little 
past the meridian of life, appointed probably on 
account of his having been an active partisan ; and 
upon the first cruise, before he had been twelve 
months in the service, he was stricken down, dis- 
abled, and always will remain disabled, and he 
upon your hands a pensioner; and if he 
liv• to be seventy years of age, you will have to 
pay him a salary amounting to leave-pay. But 
If you had taken that man at twenty-one or at 
twenty-five or twenty-nine, you would havc hud 
probably fifteen or twenty or twenty-five years of 
good, efficient, active service out of him. This 
amendment, therefore, limits the. age at which 
these young men shall have arrived at the time 
that they receive their commissions as assistant 
pursers; and limits it for the protection of the Gov- 
crnment, in order that we may have men who are 
not to be appointed bccause they are partisans or 
have been partisans; because they have been bro- 
ken-down rnerchants, are past the meridian of life, 
and have families dependent upon them; but 
young, active, thoroughgoing, effcient men, who 
can really perform effcicnt duty for the Govern- 
ment. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, 1 think this 
is a very inappropriate time to be adding so 
largely to the number of omcers of the Navy. 
Instead of sixty-four pursers, it seems we are 
to have now éighty-five pursers and assistant 
pursers; and I do not see any very marked dis- 
tinction between the duties of the purser and the 
assistants. I have no doubt the result, if wc adopt 
I this amendment, will be that, after awhile, the as- 
sist.ant pursers will say t.hey discharge the same 
duties with the others; that we want the eighty- 
five pursers, and that they ought to be raised to 
the same rate of pay. 
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will allow me. 1 
ought to have said, before the Senator cmnmenced, 
that, seven years uro, the Committee on Naval 
Affairs in the Senate, through its chairman, Mr. 
MALLORY, and the Committee on Naval Affairs 
of the House of Representatives, through its chair- 
I man, Mr. BococR, proposed to Congress t.o create 
this grade of assistant pursers, and to create a 
number only one lcss than that proposed by this 
amendment; and I desire to say to the Senator, 
that that was in 1854, two years before the time 
when Congress increased the number of men in 
the Nåvy by one thousand; which was done in 
1856, and before we had built the eight sloops-of- 
war. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 havc great respect for the 
authorities which the Senator cites; but still, I 
submit again, that this is not the time to in- 
I creasing the number of officers so largely as it is 
proposed to do here. Ido not, as I stated before, 
see the distinction between the duties to be per- 
formed by the one and the other class of offcers. 
Both, if I understand it, have to discharge the 
same duties, and yet they get different salaries. 
a rank as an offcer, and there will be some reason Mr. GRIMES. It is the design that the as- 
sistant pursers shall be assigned to small vessels. 
for giving this rank to him, if you take him from 
the line, or if you take him from among the grad- They are to be young men, in the prime of life. 
uates of your Academy, and therefore have a man I The idea is that they will be assigned to such ves- 
who is competent to discharge sea duty at any sels as we have determined by the senatorial vote 
time. There was another reason, and that was to-day to build; and that men who have been in the 
service for twenty or thirty years, if they go to 
because these pursers may be called upon to work 
51 
the ship—to command thc men. In cases of con- sea, shall be assigned to other vessels, and draw 
flict with a foreign Power, it may be not only im- a larger pay than these young gentlemen. 
portant, but very necessary to order a purser to I Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to ask the Sen- 
command a prize; 02' if the officers were mostly 
it might be very important that he 
shot down, 
should command the very vessel on which he was. 
If you take an offeer from the Iiile, or take him 
from the Academy, and put him in this position, 
you have a man who is competent to discharge 
that duty. 
If you take a man from the 
That not all. 
Academy, or one who has passed through the 
ator from Iowa one question before the Senator 
i from Virginia proceeds. Will not their pay be I 
l! predicated on the time of service; and after they 
get in, will it not be constantly increasing from 
time to time? By oar last Navy bill the pay is in- 
NEW SERIES.....NO. 54. 
Mr. HUNTER. The result, then, 
stand, will be, that they will all •be paid'.alike;and 
the whole proposition is one for the creation of a 
new grade of officers, and for the purpose of add- 
ing to the number of pursers now in the Navy. 
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will observethat 
it does not increase the pay materially. We only 
authorize the creation of five assistant pursers 
during the next six months; and -then, during the 
next ensuing six months, five more, and so on; 
so that there is no immediate increase. 
Mr. HUNTER. The system which is pro- 
posed, requires that we shall have eighty-five 
pursers and assistant pursers, instead Of sixty- 
four, now allowed by law. It is obvious that we 
shall thus increase the expenses of that branch 
of the service very much; and, as I said before, 
it seems to me that this is surely not the time to 
be making thcse additions, when the Treasury is 
in the condition in which we now find it. Nor is 
this the bill upon which we should be making 
these radical changes; changes which look to the 
reorganization of the naval service of the country. 
The appropriation bills ought to be simple. They 
ought to be bills for which anybody can vote who 
desires to keep up the Navy of the country, •.,vith- 
out havincr to commit himself to schemes of re- 
organization, to experiment, to anything that may 
be suggested by thc Committee on Naval Affairs 
in the way of reform. These should be the sub- 
jects of separate bills. Perhaps if .this proposi- 
tion had corne up separately, and been fully con- 
sidered, I might—I -hardly think I should though, 
—favor it. There might be a majority for it; but 
it is a suffcient reason to vote against it at pres- 
ent, because it ought not to be appended to this 
I think it is a still higher reason for voting 
affainst it, because it is going to commit the coun- 
try to a much larger expenditure than it would 
havo to encounter under the existing law. Before 
we •have done with t.hesc schemes of reorgani- 
zation on this appropriation bill, we shall have it 
as large as one of Little & Brown 's volumes of 
the Statutes at Large. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 move to strike out that pro- 
vision of the amendment which requires these 
assistant paymasters to •be taken from the gradu- 
atcs of the Naval Academy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. F00T.) 
The amendment to the amendment is, to strike 
That no person shall be appointed an assistant pay- 
master in the Navy, excepting graduates of the Naval Acad- 
emy, if any such graduate shall, at the time of such appoint: 
ments, be an applicant therefor, and shall, in other respects, 
comply with the requirements of the act." 
Mr. POWELL. 1 had supposed we edu- 
cated the young gentlemen at the Naval- Academy 
for the purpose of making them skilled in naval 
affairs, for thc purpose of fighting. This amend- 
Inent proposes to make them mere accounting 
I think it is absolutely 
clerks and paymasters. 
disgraceful to the naval service to put them in the 
pay department. Any young gentleman who has 
been raised in a banking-house, or as a clerk in a 
store would be better qualified to perform this 
duty, than young gentlernen educated at the Naval 
Academy. Moreover, I think it eminently proper 
that thcsc duties should be performed by gentle- 
men taken from civil life. 
Mr. CHANDLER. lam in favor oftheamend- 
ment of the Senator from Kentucky; and I am 
opposed to the amendment increasing the number 
of clerks, (for that is what they amount to.) The 
captain of each of these small vessels, I am in- 
formed, has clerk, a captain's clerk, perfectly 
competent to keep the accounts of forty, or fifty, 
or sixty men. Now it is proposed to create a 
new offcer, with a salary of one thousand or fif- 
teen hundred dollars a year, to keep the accounts 
of fifty men. Sir, I hope the whole thing will be 
voted down. I am in favor of this amendment ot 
the Senator from Kentucky; because, as he justly 
creased gradually in a series of years. After they remarked, any merchant's clerk anywhere bet- 
have been in the service a certain length of time, ter prepared to perform these duties than gradu- 
it is increased, I suppose; and so on. 
I Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. 
I hope they will not be 
I atesof the naval school. 
I degraded from the pursuit for which they are ede 
