850 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 11, 
ucated to that ofa mere clerk to keep the accounts 
of forty or fifty men. It is an absurdity, sir. W c 
do not need these offcers. A captain 's clerk is 
perfectly competent; and the duty should be im- 
posed on him of keeping the accounts of these 
small vessels. The whole thing is an absurdity. 
Anybody can keep the accounts. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 ask the Senator from Iowa 
to inform me whether, if W'e vote for the amend- 
ment- of the Senator from Kentucky, we do away 
with that. proposed provision about giving the 
I do not think they ought to have 
pursers rank. 
rank. Rank should go with the sword. 
Mr. GRIMES". The rank is provided forin an 
old law. 
Mr. HUNTER. An old law? 
Mr. GRIMES. Yes; a law that has been in 
existence for several years. 
The amendment to the amendment was agreed 
to. 
Mr. CHANDLER. hope, now, the amend- 
ment as amended will bc voted down; it is need- 
Mr. HALE. There is a verbal amendment 
which I wish to suggest to the amendment; I do 
not know whether the Senator from Iowa has 
made it or not. His limitation, as reported, is, 
that nobody shall be appointed to the oflice of 
assistant paymaster under the age of twenty-one 
nor over the age of twenty-six. Thirty was the 
period which was agreed upon; and twenty-six is 
It should read that nobody 
there by mistake. 
shall be appointed less than twenty-one nor more 
I wish that correction 
than thirty years of age. 
to be made. 
Mr. GRIMES. It should be so. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
will be made. 
The amendment, as amended, was rejectcd— 
ayes ten, noes not counted. 
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following umcnd- 
ment frotn the Committee on Naval Affairs: 
und bc it furthcr enacted, That all appropriations now or 
hereatter madc ii)r the preparation or publication Df Iin•cign 
hydrographic surveys, shall only be applicable to their ob- 
ject upon the approval by the Secretary of the Navy, and a 
report from thrce ctnnvetent naval officers, to the eflL•ct that 
the original data for the proposed charts arc such as to.ius- 
tify their publication ; and it is hereby inade the duty of the 
Secretary of the Navy to order a board ot• three naval oili- 
cers to c.xamipc and report upon said. data betöre he shall 
upprove of any application of money to thc preparation or 
publication of the said charts or hydrographic results. 
Mr. HALE. If the Senate listened to that, 1 
think they will be unanimously for it. It is re- 
striction upon the publication of charts and maps, 
and requires that before they are published they 
shall be submitted to the inspection ofa board OE 
officers to be detailed by the Secretary of the 
Navy. It is intendcd as a check upon thc pub- 
licatlon of worthless Inaps and charts. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER is so 
general that it ig impracticable to proceed Wilh 
draught of water shall not exceed fourteen feet, which sloops 
shall combine the heaviest armalnent and greatest speed 
compatible with their character and tunnage ; and {Or the 
purpose above specified, the sum be, and the 
same is hereby, appropriatcd out of any rnoney in the 
'I'reasury not otherwise appropriated, to be expended under 
the direction of the Secretary of the Navy. 
Mr. POLK. Tho same provision was offered 
at the last session as an amendment to on arncnd- 
ment proposed by the Senator from Florida, [Mr. 
MALLORY.] Tl'len it was voted down by a vote 
of 25 to 14. For myself, I cannot see that there 
has been any change in the condition of the coun- 
try, and especially in the condition of the Tteas- 
ury, which makes that advisablc now which the 
Senate decided to be unadvisable when this sarne 
matter was before us at thc last session. I have 
before me the ycas and nays on that occasion. 
Mr. E•IALE. YVas not that a larger number 
of steamers? 
Mr. POLK. No, sir. 
Mr. BRAGG. Read the yeas and nays. 
Mr. POLK. On the 18th of June last: 
On rnotion by Mr. MALLORY, to amend the amendment 
proposed by Mr. VVILSON, by striking out ail after the word 
Provided,' and, in lieu thereof, inserting: 
'I'hat the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby, 
authorized to causc to be constructed, equipped, and armed 
for the Navy, as cariy as may be consistent with econotny 
and efficiency. seven screw sloops-of-war, not exceeding 
fourteen feet iu draught, at the Government yards or by con- 
tract, as the Secretary may dcem advisable {Or the public 
interests; the models, construction, equipment, and arma- 
ment 01' said vessels to be devised by a board composed of 
one captain, one cmnmandcr, one lieutenanl, three con- 
structors, and three engineers of the Navy, under the direc- 
tion and approvat of the Secretary the Navy, to be em- 
ployed in the suppression of the slave trade ; and for this 
purpose the sum of is hereby appropriated, out 
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated." 
The number is exactly the same—seven—and 
Indeed, I suppose the 
the draught is the same. 
presentamendment was framed pretty much on the 
idea of the amendrnent offered by the Senator 
from Florida at the last session. On that amend- 
ment the yens were 14, and the nays 25: 
The yeas and nays being desired by onc fifth of the 
Senator* prese t, 
" 'I'hose who voted in the afflt•rnative arc 
blessrs. Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Doolittle, Foster, 
Grirneg, King, Mallory, Seward, Simnlous, Sunnner, 'I'hotn- 
son. Wade, Wilson. 
'I'hose who voted in the neryative are 
.. Binghan), Ih•arrz, Brown, Chesnut, Crittenden, 
I-leniphill, Hunter, Iver- 
Fitzpatrick, Greco, Gwin, Hale, 
son, Johnson of 'l'cnnessee, Kennedy, Laue, Latham, 
Nicholson, Pcarcc, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian, 
Wi„fan, Yulee." 
Mr. President, I think that this is avcu•y inop- 
port.une time to undertake to build seven new 
stearners, and to appropriate $1 200,000 for that 
I think that il') these, Inatters it would be 
obicct. 
well to act as we would in our private affairs. If 
we were strained and in difficulties, instead of 
incurrin•y new liabilities, we should be disposed 
to reduce and retrench as much as we could. I 
in the condition in 
thil)k il is eminently proper, 
which the Treasury is, that we should do so now. 
the business beforc the body. The Chair Mr. MASON. .N'lr. President, I pposo none 
Affairs, to incur an expenditure at present of 
and prospectively, of some three, or 
four, or five hundred thousand more. For what 
purpose? For any pressino• neccssity? No. The 
necessitiés ofthc Government for money are pres- 
sing. Is this a pressing necessity for expenditure? 
No. It is to increase the military power of this 
Is there any 
Government in its naval service. 
pressing necessity for that? Sir, I have observed, 
In the remarks that have been made in debate- here 
by members of the Naval Committee, that they 
thought it necessary to apologize for the expend- 
iture of some fifteen or twenty thousand dollars 
to repair naval barracks that were in dilapidation 
and decay, asa measure ofeconomy. They thought 
it necessary to apologize in the condition of the 
country, for that comparatively small exfrendi- 
ture. But now they come in at once and ask for 
$1,500,000, when there is no necessity, as they 
allexe, for an increase of the Navy. 
Now, sir, why is the Navy to be increased? Is 
there any demand for these steamers? Is there 
any such pressin• necessity upon the military arm 
of the country to be strengthened, as to induce 
Congress to borrow money at the ruinous rates 
we are now compelled to pay, to strengthen it? 
I I ask Senators on the other side to state what the 
Is there any appæhension of war? 
necessity is. 
Is there any apprehension that this Government 
may find itself unable to defend itself on any sud- 
den emergency, that will justify us in borrowinff 
money at this ruinous rate for the purpose now 
of increasing the Navy? The honorable Senator 
from Iowa, representing, as he seems to do chiefly, 
the Committee on Naval Affairs on this question, 
has said that there is no purpose in the world, 
that he knows of, requiring any immediatc war- 
like use of this increase of the'Navy. He says it 
was recommended some two or three years ago, 
and not then adopted. But that honorable Sen- 
ator does not tell us why it is proposed now, 
in the present emergent condition of the public 
finances. 
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will allow me, 
I will state that it is recommended now by the 
Secretarv of the Navy; and, furthermore, that 
since the last session of Congress there has been 
a survey of the naval vessels of the United States, 
many of which havc been found to be utterly 
worthless; and that, I apprehend, is onc reason 
why a good many gentlemen, who were recorded 
as having voted against the proposition last year, 
voted as they did on the present occasion. 
Mr. POLIC. I sugcrest to the Senator, that the 
Secretary of the Navy did not recommend seven. 
He recommends a gradual increase, if I do not 
mistake ttle langua•e that is used. 
Mr. GRIMES. Naval gentlemen consider 
seven a very gradual increase. 
Mr. MASON. well, Mr. President, when that 
Senator has been longer in the public service 
suspect he will find that naval gentlemen consider 
a very small increase that which we, who have 
regard for the public finances, would consider a 
I am not answered when I 
very large increase. 
am told by the honorable Senator that they have 
found out since then that many of these vessels 
were in decay, and unfit for service. What is the 
public emergency that calls for this increase of the 
naval force ••.vhen we have no war? Our com- 
Senators to preserve order. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The bill was reported to thc Senate as amended. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
put the question on in all the amend- 
ments, made as in Committee of the Whole, un- 
less certain amendments be indicated for a sepa- 
rate vote. 
Mr. GRIMES. I ask fora separate vote on the 
amendment for the crcauon of assistant pursers. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was 
jected; and therefore the question does not arise 
on concurring in that amendrncnt. 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 shall offer it again. 
Mr. POLK. I move to except the amendment 
providing for the appropriation of $1,200,000, for 
[.he building of seven screw steamers. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend- 
ment will be reserved for a separate vote. The 
Chair will put the question on cont:urrinæ in all 
the amendments, except that making provision 
for new steamers. 
The amendments •vere concurred in. 
will deny that the credit of this Government is 
most seriously impaired. In two attempts to raise 
comparatively small sums of money, in two loan 
bills of $5,000,000, the first was taken at the rate 
of twelve per cent. , and the last, after vm•y grcat 
efforts, as are informed, in the circles of the 
capitalists of New York, for reasons satisfactory 
to then'), they managed to briug down the rate of merceis not unprotected; we hear of no complaint 
there. We have no unredresscd grievances in any 
interest to ten per cent. Such a condition of the 
public credit hag been unknown to the Govern- part of the world,. that know of, that call for an 
ment. except during the war of 1812. We cannot Increase of the Navy. TV hy, then, when we are 
shut our eyes to these facts. T hc credit of this borrowing money at a rate of usance unknown to 
this Government, is it asked. that we should ex- 
Government has fallen so far belosrv the credit of 
the States, that we learn from the newspapers the pend for the increase of the Navy, and 
Government is going to the States and asking them the increase of this peculiar kind of naval ves- 
to indorse its credit. The necessity, the grinding sels—vessels of small draught of wateraxnd which 
are to be, as the amendment requires, heavily 
necessity of this Government has compelled Con- 
gress, within the last few days, to authorize an I armed in proportion to their draught and size ? 
additional loan of $25,000,000. 'The actual need Why, sir, we know from the newspapers, that a 
and destitution of the Government, although its bill is about to be introduced, or has been intro- 
credit has fallen below that of the individual II duced, into the other branch of Congress, provid- 
States, has compelled Congress to go again and ing for a military surveillance upon those States 
ask for an additional loan of and the that are no longer portions of this C0k1fedency. 
I bill is framed in such a manner as to authorize the We have had a bill introduced into the Senate by 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
now is on concurring in the following financial of the Government, the Secretmy II the honorable Senator from Vermont, 
ment: 
terms he can get it. The bondsofthe Government, li stances stated in the bill, to discontinue the pons 
vänd be it further enacted, 'l'hat the Secretary of thc Navy 
be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause to be constructed I bearincr six per cent. interest, are to be thrown of entry 
Ii Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman 
for the United States Navy, at as early u as practicable, 
into the market for what they 'Vill bring. 
having due regard to effciency and econmny, seven steam 
In this state of things, we have a proposition me a moment? 
screw sloops-ottwar, of the second class, as vessels are 
rated io the Navy, with full steam power, whose greatest in here from the Committee on Navnl Mr. MASON. Certainly. 
