852 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 11, 
to deal with them as antagonisms, for they are 
antagonisms; we are bound to look upon them as 
opposing thc interests and the •welfare of the Gov- 
ernment under which we live, the United States, 
and the Constitution of the United States, which 
we have sworn to support. That is the point of 
view in which we must look at them. Can gentle- 
men, therefore, say to themselves and to the coun- 
try, I, standing here as a member of this Gov- 
ernrnent, must look out and keep my eyes open 
to see, not that this Government has the advantage 
of my counsels, but that those outside Of it, who 
are waging war against it, have the benefit of my 
counsels and my aid ? " 
Why, sir, take into consideration, in connec- 
tion with this question, the bill which was offered 
by my friend from Vermont. What was it? Sim- 
pty a bill to provide that where the revenue can- 
not be collected, at a particular place, or a partic- 
ular point, that place shall cease to be recoo•nizcd 
as one where revenue shall be, or can be, legally 
collected under the Government. Is not this what 
we owe to foreigners? Take the port of Charles- 
ton, as an illustration. What arc they doing there? 
Is our revenue collected there? Is the revenue of 
the United States any longer collected there? Do 
they recoonize our officers? Do they in anv way 
say or admit that we have the slightest pardicle of 
rightin thatplace ? And yet the proposition which 
is made, that the President, under such circum- 
stances, shall have pox,ver to put an end to thc 
existence of that port as ours, is characterized as 
an unfriendly act, one designed to coerce a State; 
one designed, in fact, to bring the force of the 
United States to bear upon a portion of the coun- 
try which declares it is no longer under its juris- 
diction! I would ask the honorable Senator, do 
we not owe it to the foreign Governments them- 
selves, that wc shall cither enforce our own laws 
in those ports, or else declare that they arc no 
longer ports that foreign vessels are, to enter? 
Mr. MASON. Will the honorable Senator 
allow me to answer him ? 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ceriainly. 
Mr. MASON. Clearly, if they will avow, in 
the bill, the reason for it: that the State South 
Carolina is no longer a member of the Conföder- 
acy, but beyond the jurisdiction of the Unilcd 
States. Let them that which they have 
sedulously refrained from avowin". 
Mr. FESSENDEN. that 
make in point of law? T hc Senator is a lawyer. 
Who puts the reason for a statute on the statute- 
book? Who thinks, when he draws a bill, of giv- 
ingin the bill the cause why he draws it? No 
It is not necessary that we should 
legislator. 
avow the fact. We simply declare, as proposed 
by the honorable Senator's bill, this: that there 
may be cases, and there are cases, in which it has 
become difficult for the United States to collect its 
revenue in particular places by the ordinary course 
and we Oivc to the President the 
of proceeding; 
pow-cr to sav that there shall no longer an nt- 
tempt to collect revenue there, for it shall cease to 
be port where vessels can legally enter u nd(ll' tho 
Is not this right 
authority ot• the United States. 
in point of fact? So long as we do not do this, if 
going further, and furnishing all these States with 
postal facilities every day; they are receiving all 
the benefits of it, we paying the money; and my 
friend's bill covers that also. 
The honorable Senator says this will not do; 
do one thing or another; declare -war against them, 
if you please, or else declare that they are no lon- 
ger a part of the United States. Sir, I do not 
choose to do either in thc present state of affairs. 
propose simply to do that which is necessary 
for our own protection and our own advantage. 
I repeat, I am acting, as yet, as a Senator of thc 
I am legislating for the United 
United States. 
States, and not for South Carolina, or for any se- 
ceded State; and as long as I sit here, as I said 
before, I take it that is my duty. What, then, 
does the United States want to do? It wishes to 
collect its own revenue, and it wishes for force 
enough, if force is necessary, to accomplish that 
I am not at all frightened by the term 
purpose. 
force," and this talk about the coercion of a 
State. The time may come when it will be ne- 
cessary for us , to use the language of the honorable 
Senator, to speak plainly. I am ready to speak 
plainly now upon that subject; and I say most 
distinctly, if the time ever does come, in my judg- 
ment—l speak for one—when it will be necessary 
to use force in order to execute the laws of the 
United States under the Constitution anywhcrc 
and everywhere within what is properly the Uni- 
ted States, I am perfectly ready to do it; but I 
trust we shall have no such necessity. 
The measure of my friend from Vermont is a 
measure of peace. The proposition to construct 
these additional vesscis is a measure of peace. 
do not suppose anybody ever dreamed of making 
this appropriation for the purpose of having col- 
1 do not bc- 
lisions with these seceding States. 
lieve—l havc never believed—that any collision 
will be necessary, except in a certain event. But 
it may be that it will coinc•, it may be that war 
will come; it may be that these difficulties are to 
grow vastly greater than they are now. MT hen 
that time comes, I trust we shall be ready to meet 
all our responsibilities like men. We need not 
be told about it, however, in advance. 
But the question now is simply this: what is 
necessary for us to do with reference to the inter- 
csts of this country as connected with its naval 
Is this matter itself such as 
force? That is all. 
has been recommended to us more than once; 
such as recommends itself to us on its own 
its; such as we are bound to providc for according 
to oe•u• own sense of duty undex the Constitution 
and the law, even if we borrow money; and I take 
it the time has not yet come when we cannot bor- 
row Inoney? I am ready to votc it; and although 
the Senator standing here wi\l not votc it, because 
it rnny be that it will give additional fore,c to the 
orable Senator that question. I have that respect 
for him which he is entitled to, for his position, 
his mind, his intellect, and his self-propriety. He 
is to determine for himself what he represents and 
whom; I for myself. I will tell him whom I repre- 
sent: the sovereign State of Virginia, to whom I 
am alone amenable for what I may do or say 
here. 
The honorable Senator referred to a remark that 
fell from the distinguished Senator from the State 
of Mississippi lately here, which 1 heard, and 
heard with equal approbation, that he intended 
loyally to contribute his„mite or his devotion to 
the administration of this Government while he 
1 respond to it 
continued to be a member Qf it. 
in the spirit ofa man of honor and a man of loy- 
alty. I will do nothing that will stand in the way 
of the full, complete administration of this Gov- 
ernment as long as I remain one of the. partici- 
pants in its admmistration; but I will do this: if 
I have reason to believe that the Government in 
which I participate to administer, is initiating a 
policy that will lead to civil war; that will lead to 
an unnecessary •,var•, that will minister to the pas- 
sions of bad men in goinø into that war, I will 
not vote to increase the armament for that pur- 
I will not refrain from voting a dollar; on 
i pose. 
the contrary, I would strain the public credit, as 
I have done. by voting for the loan bills, to sup- 
ply all the necessary means to carry on the ordi- 
nary functions of this Government; but when I 
have reason to believe that it is attempted to incur 
extraordinary expenditures, under present cir- 
cumstances, when those who administer the Gov- 
ernment now would refrain from them, and when 
I have reason to believe, confirmed by what fell 
from the honorable Senator from Maine, that the 
purpose is to strengthen the arm of the Govern- 
ment, with a view to a prospect such as I have 
indicated, I am doing my duty, as a Senator of 
the United States, in doing what I can to prevent 
it. That is my idea of the duty ofa Senator. 
The honorable Senator has not favored us with 
his views of the propriety of incurring this large 
expenditure for an increase of the Navy, in the 
present dccrcpit condition of the public credit. 
He has contented himself by saying il was the 
recommendation of a Democratic Administration 
Suppose it was: docs that make it any bettor or 
any worse, when we come to test its real object? 
I know there has been a recommendation— 
think, ofa Democratic Administration alone, but 
of formcr Administrations for a series of years— 
to increase the Navy as a great measure of public 
policy; to increase it by keepiJ)g some proportion- 
ate ratio with the increase of the naval Powers 
of Europe, of France and England; to increase 
it from the necessity of adding to our Navy bc- 
cause of the change, in that arm of the public scr- 
Government which hc represents here, I say to vice, from sailing to steam vessels. I do not know 
hitn, that is no objection to my rnind. I arn ner- 
fcct,ly willing it s•fiould have that additional fbrce, 
if needed, e.s-pccially when I an') so well defcndcd 
by the reconunendation of a Democratic Presi- 
(lent, year after year, aided and supported by a 
l)mnocratic Senate. 
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the honorable 
a foreign vessel enters, aird we have no power to Senator was a little discursive in his reply; but he 
collect our own revcnue, no power to enf'orcc 
own laws, we cannot complain if it pays obedi- 
ence to precisely sucl'i laws as it finds thcrc, and 
obeys such officers as it meets. So long as the 
law stands as it does now, and we admit in poil')t 
of fact that we have not pov.,ror to enforce our own 
laws, a foreign vessel is right in paying obedience 
to such regulations as it finds in the poi't t.o which 
it goes, so long as it continuos a port of entry; but 
when we declare that it is no longer a port of'entry 
of the United States, and give. notice to that efltic,t, 
then comes the time when, if foreign vessels un- 
dertake to consider it a port of the United States, 
they become amenable to our laws in reference to 
those subjects. 
Sir, it was with reference to this fact, and this 
fact alone, that that bill was proposed, that these i 
people there are availing themselves of all the ad- 
vantages of being a port of the States, col- 
has enlightened us, or culightened me, certainly, 
that the pressii)"' necessity for 
upon this point: 
the increase of the naval force has some referencc 
to the condition of things in the seceding States. 
It on lightened rne that far, at least. He says : is 
there propriety in our allowino• our naval forde to E 
go int.D decay, as it is now getting, without in- 
creasing it, in view of the fact that the arsenals, 
navy-yards, fortifications, and public property, 
and mints, &c., have been seized ill those States? 
Sir, it is not necessary to spell the word apple- 
pie to know the pie when it is before you. 
the Senator on his own ground: there is a view to 
increase the naval armament, because of the eon- 
dition of things in the States that have seceded. I 
take it as his admission 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have admitted no such 
thing. You can take it as you like. 
Mr. MASON. He has had a reference to the 
lecting revenue and putting it in their own pock- existiüg condition of things in those States. 
Mr. FESSENDEN, r rhe honorable Senator 
ets, while they are, in fact, nobody, either in the 
x.vi\l excuse me, I said that that was no ar«mu- 
eyes of the United States or the world. That is 
the simple fact about it. We are not only allow- ment for diminishing the necessary force. 
Mr. MASON. Well, sir, Ict the country pass 
ing them to consider tl'iemselvcs apart of the Uni- 
ted States, collectino• our rovenue, in point of fact, I 
If the honorable Senator undertakes to 
upon it. 
and putting it into their ox,vn pockets; but we are , ask me whom I represent, I will not ask the hon- 
that I ever went against that policy within reason- 
able limits. Although I conae from a section of 
the country that has no commerce, yet have 
participated as a Senator of the United States in 
the duty incumbent upon us all to protect the 
commerce of the country; and have never ro- 
frained from lending my aid to any of those meas- 
ures of public policy, although they were to op- 
erate more beneficially upon other sections of the 
country than that to which I belong. 
But at the present time, in a juncture of affairs 
never before known or anticipated in this coun- 
try; when the Government is dismembered; when 
a large portion of the territory and of the wealth 
and resources of the country has been lopped off, 
and the process of disintegration is going on , to stop 
we know not where; when that h.as had the neces- 
sary effect of destroying the public credit; when 
I Senators, who are very soon to become the dom- 
inant power in the Government, decline to fix an 
established course of policy; when they wikl. not 
say whether they will go to ',var or not; but shadow 
itout darkly, as the honorable Senator from Maine 
has done, by declaring that a state of things may 
arise to make it necessary; for one, sir, as a con- 
stituent part of the public power, I will not vote 
a dollar to increase the Army or the Navy until 
there is a settled policy, an established and un- 
derstood policy, modeled upon the new state of 
things. I wrant to know the policy of this Gov- 
ernment, w I-zether they are to go to war with the 
seceding States, or not; they are to allow 
them peacefully to withdraw upon terms to bc set- 
tled by negotiation, or whether we are to remain 
