854 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 11, 
Resoleed h/ the Senate and House of Representatives of 
the United Siates of america in Congress assembled, That 
the President of the United States be, and is hereby, re- 
quired to acknowledge the independence of said govern- 
zncnt as soon as he is informed officially of its establish- 
ment ; aud that he -receive such envoy, embassador, or 
commissioner as may or shall be appointed by said govern- 
ment for the purpose of amicably adjusting the matters in 
dispute with said Government. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. 1 hope that 
the resolution will be permitted to pass, as I doubt 
not it is the wish of ali of us that peace shall be 
preserved. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 object; and move 
that it be referred to the Committee on Patents. 
[Laughter.] 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. 1 move 
that it be referred to the Committee on ForeiTn 
Affairs. 
The question was takcn; and the joint resolu- 
tion was referred to the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs. 
JEFFERSON TERRITORY. 
Mr. DAILEY, by" unanimous consent, pre- 
sen/ted joint resolutions of Nebraska Territory, 
asking for the organization of the Territory of Jef- 
ferson; which were referred to the Committee on 
Territories. 
INDIAN BONDS. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, by unanimous con- 
sent, submitted the following resolution; which 
was read , considered, and agi•eed to: 
Resolecd, That the select committee raised to inquire 
into the tacts in regard to the. abstraction of certain bonds 
from the Interior Department have leave to report to-mor- 
row, the 12th Instant, at one o'clock. 
SUFFERERS IN KANSAS. 
Mr. CASE. I ask leave to report from the 
Committee on Territories bill for the relief of the 
sufferers by drought and famine in Kansas; and 
I hope that it will be referred to the Committee of 
the Whole on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BURNETT objected. 
Mr. CASE. If 1 can get the floor, after the 
morning hour, I give notice that I will move to 
suspend the rules, that the bill may be introduced. 
A. T. SPENCER & CO. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 the unanimous 
consent of thé House for leave to discharge thc 
Committee of the Whole House on the Private 
Calendar from the further consideration of Senate 
bill, No. 22], for the relief' of A. T. Spencer and 
Gurdon S. Hubbard, in order that it may be put 
on its passage. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 object. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 
I N.viii seek another 
opportunity to get the bill up, in order that it may 
be put on its passage. 
NEW ORLEANS MINT. 
Mr. McCLERNAND introduced the following 
resolution; which was read , considered, and agreed 
to: 
Whereas it is reported that near a Inillion dollars, con- 
gisting of the money of the United States and of individual 
deposits, was lately in the custody of tbc supcrintendent 
of the mint of the United States at the city of New ()r- 
leans ; and whereas it is also reported that that omccr has 
refused to pay adraft of the (Jntted States out of their own 
money in his custody, and has appropriated the whole of 
the contents of said mint to the use. of the revolutionary 
authorities in the State of Louisiana, and has put the Uni- 
ted States at defiance ; and whereas it is also rcported that 
the same revolutionary authorities have seized the custotn- 
house of thc United States at said city : 'ltherefin•e, 
Resolved, 'I'hat the President of the United St.at.es be re- 
spectfuily requested to counnunicate to this *louse, at an 
early day, if, 
in his judgment, not incompatible with the 
public interests, the facts in relation to the afOresaid inat- 
tets,and what, if any, steps he has taken, or conternplates, 
to recover possession of said treasure and property. 
PATENT OFFICE REGULATIONS. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, offered the following 
resolution, and asked that it be referred to the 
Committee on Printing: 
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed 
to include in the printed report of the Patent Office the 
forms, rules, and regulations of that office necessary to be 
observed in applying for patents. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 do not think that that res- 
olution goes to the Committee on Printing, because 
I think it changes existing laws. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I will state to the 
House the object of the resolution. 
I presume 
there is hot a u-lembcr of this House who has not 
frequently been called upon for the forms neces- 
sary to be observed in applying for patents, and i 
they have been compelled to write to the Patent 
Offce- for them. if they are printed with the agri- 
cultural and mechanic.al parts of the Patent Offce 
report, they can always be obtained in every 
neighborhood, because those books are distrib- 
uted everywhere. As a matter of convenience, 
these regulations should be printed as indicated 
by the resolution. 
Mr. PHELPS. Is not the gentleman from Illi- 
nois aware that whenever the Commissioner of 
Patents is applied to for a copy of those regula- 
tions, he forwards them without any extra ex- 
pense ? 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. That is very truc. 
Mr. PHELPS. Why, then, print them? 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. If these forms were 
to be found in the Patent Office reports, which 
are scattered cverywhere through the country, 
they could easily be obtained by all persons who 
desire them, without being compelled to apply to 
anybody. Sometimes persons, at great inconve- 
nience, are oblicred go ten, fifteen, or twenty 
miles, to see somebody who is familiar with the 
business of the Paten•t Offce. 
1 have received• 
various letters u pon this subject, and have received 
numerous applications for these forms; and it does 
seem to me that,- inasmuch as the cost will be 
small, and the value of the reports will not be 
diminished thereby, these forms ought to be pub- 
lisl,ed in the back' part of the book. 
Mr. PHELPS. As the matter of printing a 
document is not beforc the House, I move that 
the resolution be referred to the Committee on 
Printing. 
It was so referred. 
UNION OF TIIE STATES. 
Mr. LOVEJOY presented a petition of citizens 
of the county of Champlain, State of Illinois, 
respectfully asking that measures bc speedily taken 
by Congress for the preservation of our glorious 
Union, for sustail')ing the honor of our national 
flag, and for the enforcement of the laws as they 
now are; which was ordered to be laid on the 
table. 
CRITTENDEN COMPROMISE. 
Mr. McCLER.N AND, by unanimous consent, 
presented the petition of certain citizens of Mar- 
shall county, Illinois, praying for the, adoption of 
the Crittenden plan of adjustment; which was laid 
on the table. 
Mr. WOODSON, by unanimous consent, pre- 
sentcd the meniorial of citizens of Missouri, pray- 
ing for the adoption of the Crittenden uotnpro- 
misc: which was laid on the table. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, by' unanimous con- 
sent, presented the petition of sundry citizens of 
Jackson and Itando'ph counties, Missouri, ask- 
ing for the adoption of the Crittenden compro- 
mzse; which was laid upon the table. 
MILITARY ACADEMY. 
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent, re- 
ported a bill to nmcnd an act entitled ' 'An act 
making appropriations for the support of the Mil- 
itary Academy for the year ending 30th June, 
1847," approved August 8, 1846; which was rc- 
ferred to the Conn-nittee on Military Affairs. 
PORT or ENTRY—NIAGARA. 
Ml•. JOHN COCHRANE, bv unanimous con- 
sent, introduced a bill to be entitled An act for 
the removal of the port of entry of the collection 
district of Niagara, in the Scato of New York, 
from Lewiston to Niagara Suspension Bridge, in 
the same district, and for other purposes;" 
which 
was referred to the Committee on Commerce. 
M'ITIIDRAWAL OF STATICS. 
Mr. FERRY asked the unanimous consent of 
thc House to offer tbc followino• resolution: 
Resolved, 'I'hat the Conxmittec on the Judiciary be in- 
structed to inquire into the„expediency of so amending the 
Constit.ution of the United States as expressly to forbid the 
withdrawal of any State frmn the Union without the con- 
sent two thirds of boll) Houses of Contrress, the approval 
of the President, and the consent or all the States; to re- 
port by joint proposing such ann-•ndtnent, or other- 
wise. 
Mr. WINSLOW objected; and the resolution 
was not received. 
GENERAL HARNEY. 
Mr. SCOTT offered the following resolution; 
which was read, considcrcd, and acrreed to: 
Resolved, That lhe Secretary of War is requested to fur- 
nish the House of Representatives With a copy of the om- 
Cial letter of George Ihrie, late first lieut.enallt. of the third 
re"iment United States artillery, on file in the n'ar 
Department, in reply to General Harney's offciai letter of 
9t11 December, 1859, relating to the affairs of the military 
department of Oregon. 
OREGON WAR DEBT. 
Mr. STOUT, by unanimous consent, presented 
the memorial of citizens of Oregon, praying for 
the passage of a law to provide for the payment 
of the Oregon war debt. 
GEORGE L. JOIINSON. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, introduced 
the following resolution; which was read , consid- 
ercd, and agreed to: 
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested 
to direct the surveyor general of Washington Territory to 
ascertain the amount of damages suffered by George L. 
Johnson, in consequence of the occupation of his land in 
that 'L'erritory by the War Departrncnt, and rcport the sarne 
to this House with all the testimony upon the subject. 
ARTHUR EDWARDS. 
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous .consent, in- 
troduced a joint resolution to rcpcal the joint res- 
olntion, approved June 22, 1860, for the relief of 
Arthur Edwards and his associates; which was 
referred to the Committee on the Post Othce and 
Post Roads. 
ADJUSTMENT OF DIFFICULTIES. 
Mr. EDWARDS, by unanimous consent, pre- 
sented the memorial of certaxn citizens of New 
Hampshire, praying that the present diffcultics 
may be adjusted; which was laid on the table. 
Mr. BÜRCH, by unanimous consent, intro- 
duced the following resolution; which was read, 
considered, and agreed to: 
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed 
to report upon the propositions now before said committee 
for a territorial government, or to extend tbe eastern bound- 
ary of California over western Utah, known as Nevada 
Territory." 
WITHDRAWAL OF STATES. 
Mr. FERRY introduced the. following resolu- 
tion: 
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in- 
structcd to inquire into the expediency of so amending the 
Constitut.ion of the United States as expressly to forbid 
the withdrawal of any State from the Union without the 
consent of two thirds of both Houses of Congress, the ap- 
proval of thc President, and the consent of all the, States 
to report hy joint resolution proposing such amendment, or 
otherwise. 
Mr. BURNETT expressing a desire to debate 
the resolution, it was laid over under under the 
EMANCIPATION or SLAVES. 
Mr. McKEAN introduced •the following reso- 
lution: 
Whereas the Gulf States" have assumed to secede from 
the Union, and it is deemed important to prevent the 
border slave States" from following their example ; and 
whereas it is believed that t.hose who are inflexibly opposed 
to any measurc of compromise or concession that involves, 
or Inay involve, a sacrifice of principle or the extension of 
slaver v, would nevertheless ehecrf'ully concur in any law- 
ful Ineasure tor the ernancipation of the slaves : 'I'herefore, 
Resolved, 'l'hat the select cmnmittee of five be instructed 
to inquire whether, by the consent of' the people, or of the 
State governments, or by compensating the slaveholders, it 
be practicable for the General Govermnent to procure the 
emancipation of the slaves in some, or all, of the border 
States and if so, to report a bill for that purpose. 
Mr. BURNETT indicating a desire to discuss 
the resolution, it was laid on the table under the 
rule. 
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY. 
Mr. SICKLES introduced the following reso- 
lution; and called the previous question upon the 
same : 
Whereas it has become cxpedlent to revive that " spirit 
or amity and that mutual dc(érence and concession" wl)ieh, 
in the fonna!-ion of our Government, overcame an the ob- 
stacles arising out of the, difference. among the several 
States as to their situation, extent, habits, and political in- 
terests," and established onr Union upon the sure founda- 
tions of fraternal affection and the common welfare : There. 
fore, 
Resoh•ed, That it be earnestly recomrnendcd to the people 
of the United States to celebrate the 22d day of February, in- 
stant, as a national holiday, in cotnmmnoration ofthe birth, 
the exalted character, the incomparable public services, and 
the patriotism of George Washington, the first President of 
the United States ; 
that the Speaker be requested to invite 
Hon. Edward Everett to deliver an oration on that. day in 
the of the i louse of Represontatives; and furtherlnore, 
that the Speaker do order and direct suitable arrangexnents 
to be rnadc for the occasion. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 propose to 
debate that resolution. 
