855 
1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New 
York has called the previous question upon the 
resolution. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 desire to debate that rcs- 
olution, unless the gentleman will consent to an 
amendment. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 will hear the amendment. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New 
York has demanded the previous question. 
Mr. GARNETT. How did the gentleman get 
the floor to demand the previous question? Ün- 
der the rules, if any gentleman desires to debate 
a resolution, it must lie over. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks gen- 
tleman from Virginia is under a misapprehension. 
If a gentleman offers a resolution, and demands 
the previous question upon it, and the previous 
question is sustained, that shuts off debate, and 
he is entitled to have a vote. That is the practice 
of the Elouse; that is the rule. 
I believe I 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
proposed to debate that resolution before the pre- 
vious question was called. 
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; but the gentleman 
from New York had the floor. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then hope 
the previous question will not be seconded, so that 
the resolution may be open for debate. 
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 ask for tellers on ordering 
the main question. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 desire to say, with the 
leave of the gentleman from New York, that I do 
not object to the resolution; but I wish to insert 
after the name of " George Washington," t 
words " the illustrious Virginian and slavehold- 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, (in his seat.) And 
emancipationist. 
Mr. SICKLES. And patriot. 
The SPEAKER. The will 
not,v be read. T hc question will be upon second- 
ing the demand for the previous question. 
The resolution was tuyain read. 
The SPEAKER ordered tellers on 
thc den-mod for the previous question; and ap- 
pointed Messrs. BRIGGS and BURNHAM as tellers. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 wish to make a 
suggestion to my colleacrue. 
Mr. SICKLES. I will hear my colleague. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My suggestion is, 
in order to strengthen the resolu_tion, which 
shall vote for in any event, that the resolution 
close with the words " United States," and omit 
that part which invites the Hon. Edward Everett 
I trust that he will limit 
to dcliver an address. 
it to a recommendation that the citizens of the 
United States keep the 22d of February as a na- 
tional holiday. 
Mr. SICKLES. I will accept that modifica- 
tion; and now I insist upon the demand for the 
previous question. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 suggest that, in lieu of 
a public address, Mr. Everett be requested to 
furnish his remarks to the New York Ledger. 
[Laughter.] 
Mr. WI-IITELEY. Would it not be well to 
amend the resolution so as to ask somebody to 
[Renewed 
Sing the Star-spangled Banner. 
laughter.] 
Mr. CRAIGE, ofNorth Carolina. Irise to a 
question of order. I believe that, if a resolution 
is either debated, or proposed to be debat.ed, it 
lies over. Now, gentlemen have already engaged 
in debate, and therefore the resolution must lie 
over. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North 
Carolina will pardon me. I am satisfied that I 
am right under the rules. If n gentleman demands 
the previous question, and it is sustained, 
cuts off debate, and he is entitled to have a vote. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. That is not 
the point. The point I made was, that although 
the gentleman called the previous question, he 
permitted his colleague [Mr. JOHN COCHRANE] 
to debate the resolution, and thereby it goes over. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not regard it 
in tl-lat way. 
The resolution, as modified, was then read. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f Illinois. 1 withdraw 
objection to the resolution as it now stands. 
Mr. BURNETT. There can be no objection 
to the resolution as it now st.ands. We generally 
observe that day anyhow in this country. 
The SPEAKER. If therc is no objection to the 
resolution, tellers will not be ordered. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
COLLECTION OF REVENUE, ETC. 
Mr. SICKLES. '1 offer the following 
Resolved, That the Secretary ofthc Treasury be requested 
to inform this House whether the duties on imports con- 
tinue to he collected in the ports of entry established by 
law in the States of South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, 
Louisiana, and Florida ; and whether any hindrances exist 
to tho law of entry and clearing of vessels therein. Also, 
the present condition of the light-houses, beacons, and 
buoys in the said harbors and adjacent waters. Also, what 
Ineasures, if' any, have been taken to secure the revenue 
vessels in the service of the Department fl'0tn seizure. or 
to recover possessiou of such as have been seized. -Also, 
what measures have been adopted for tbc security of' the 
public in the hands of depositaries in the aiöresaid 
States, and whcthor they are available to the Treasury. 
Also, whether the use and control of any of the marine 
hospitals, permanent or temporary, have been interfered 
with, and what proceedings have been adopted with refer- 
ence thereto. 
I demand the previous question on the resolu- 
tion. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 ask the gentleman from 
New York, while hc is seeking for information, to 
accept an additional resolution, also asking for in- 
formation. 
The resolution was read, as follows: 
Rcsolvcd, 'I'hat the President of the United States fur- 
to this House, if not incompatible with the public ser- 
vice, the reasons that have induced hill) to assetnble a large 
ntnuber of troops in ti)is city, why they are kept hero, and 
whether bc hag any information of a conspiracy upon the 
part of any portion ot• the citizens of this country to scize 
upon tbc capital, and prevent the inauguration of the Pres- 
ident clect. 
Mr. SICKLES. I have no objection to that 
addition to my resolution. I want all the inform- 
ation upon that. subject. 
Mr. WASHBU1iNE, Illinois. 1 suggest to 
the gentleman from New York that, if he wishes 
his resolution to be adopted, hc had better not 
accept these propositions. 
Mr. H UGHES. I desire to offcr an amend- 
ment.; and I ask that it bc read. 
The Clerk commenccd to read the amendment 
as follows: 
Rcsolvcd, That the committee of five be instructed— 
Mr. SICKLES. Oh, I cannot accept that. It 
is not germane to my resolution. 
Mr. SICKLES'S resolution, as modified at the 
suffffestion of Mr. BURNETT, was agreed to. 
STARVATION IN KANSAS. 
Mr. WELLS asked leave to introduce a joint 
resolution for thc relief of the starving people of 
Kansas. 
Mr. PHELPS. That is not in order under this 
call, and object to it. 
The SPEAKER. If objected to, it is not in 
It is a joint resolution. 
order. 
Mr. LOVEjOY. I hope there will be no ob- 
It is recommended in the Presi- 
jection to that. 
dent's message. 
Mr. P.EIELPS. we have no more right to 
vote money for the starving people of Kansas than 
for the starving people of Ireland. 
SLAVERY IN STATES. 
Mr. PALMER. 1 offer the resolutions which 
send to the Clerk's desk; and upon them I 
demand the previous question. 
'l'he Clerk read the resolutions, as fbllows: 
Rcsoh.•cd, 'I'hat neither the. Federal Government, nor the 
people or govertnncnts of the non-slaveholding States, have 
a purpose or a constitutional right to legislate upÖ11 or in • 
teriOre with slavery in any of thc States of the (Jnion. 
Resoh•ed, That those persons in the North who do not 
subscribe to the foregoing propositions are t,oo insignificant 
in nutnbet•s or influence to excite the serious attention or 
alarrn of any portion of the people of the Republic, and that 
the increase in their nullibcrs aud influence does not keep 
pace with the increase of the amrreaate population of the 
Union. 
Mr. BRANCH. Are those resolutions before 
the House? 
I The SPEAKER. Yes, sir. 
Mr. BRANCH. Then 1 call for a division of 
the resolutions. 
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon 
seconding the demand for the previous question. 
The previous question was seconded; and the 
main question ordered. 
Mr. P[-IELPS. I call for the yeas and nays 
on the first resolution. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. i-11NDMAN. Will the gentleman who 
offered those resolutions allow me to ask him a 
question? [Loud cries of No!" No P) from 
the Republican side.] His resolutions contain a 
manifest falsehood. The House cannot deliber- 
ate]yvote an untruth. [Shouts of " Order!" ] May 
I be permitted to ask the gentleman who offered 
the resolution a question for information? [Cries 
of No!" No!" and call the roll!" 
him this question, if Mr. Lincoln, the President 
elect, has not declared that the Government can- 
not exist permanently one half slave and one half 
free? and if that does not indicate a settled pur- 
pose on the part of his supporters to interfere with 
the institution of slavery m the southern States? 
I am obliged to the gentle• 
[Shouts of Order!" 
men opposite for the patience and courtesy With 
which they have heard me. (Laughter.) 
The question was taken; aud it was decided in 
the affrmative—yeas 116, nays 4; as follows; 
YEAS—Messrs. Charies F. Adams, Green Adams, AI- 
drich, Allen, VVilliam C. Anderson, Babbitt, Blair, Blake, 
Brabson, Brayton, Briggs, Bristow, Buffm'ton, Burlingame, 
Burn Butterfield,Chn1pbeIl, Carey, Carter, Case, 'Clem- 
ens, Coburn John Cochrane, Colfax, Corwin, Covode, Cur- 
tis, Dawcs, belano, Dimrnick, Duel', Dunn. Edwards, Ely, 
Etheridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Foster, Fouke, Frank, 
French, Gihner, Gooch, Gratian), Grow, Gurley, Hale, (Ian, 
J. Morrison Harris, Haskin, Hatton, Helmick, Hoard, 1101- 
man, Wiliiarn Howard, II utnphrey, Ilutchins, Irvine, Jun„ 
kiu, Francis WV. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, _Kil- 
gore, Killinger, Larrabae, Lee, Lootnis, Lovejoy, Mallory, 
Marston, McClernand, McKean, MCKenty, McKnight, Mc- 
Pherson, Millward, Montgornery, Laban Moore, Moor- 
head, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N, Morrie, Morse, 
Netson, Nixon, Paliner, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Pottle, John 
Spaulilinæ, Spinner, Stanton, Willia'll Stewart, Stokes, 
Stout., Stratton, 'I"appan, Thayer, 'I'beaker, 'l'ompkins,Van- 
dever, Van Wyck, Verree, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader 
C. and Wood- 
ruff—116. 
NAVS—Messrs. Barr, Phelps, Scott, and Woodson—4. 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
During the roll-call, the following proceedings 
took place: 
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 ask the mover of the 
olution to strike out two words in it. 
Mr. BOTELER. can we not divide the first 
resolution ? 
The SPEAKER. The House is voting on the 
first resolution. 
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the whole resolutions 
will be allowed to be read again without any gen- 
tleman interposinc. 
Mr. BOTELER. What I desire to know is, 
whether it is in order to divide the first resolu- 
tion, so as to take a separate vote in regard to the 
purpose of the North, and the constitutional right 
of the North ? 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir- 
ginia will understand that there have been several 
responses. The House has commenced voting, 
and cannot now stop for any purpose. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 rise to ask a question. 
[Calis to order.] It is perfectly immatenal to me 
whether gentlemen object or not. I intend to ex- 
press my views, [coniinued calls to order,] with- 
out any regard to interru tions. I rise to ask a 
"Order!" "Order!" 
question of the Chair. 
hope that disorderly persons will be expel ed 
from the Hall, or else required to deport thcm- 
selves like gentlemen, which they are not. I arose 
to ask the Speaker a question. 
The SPEAKER. The entitled to 
ask the Chair n question. 
Mr. GROW. Not during the roll call. 
Mr. HINDMAN. That is what presumed. 
I hope that will be satisfactory to those indi- 
viduals who did not know it before. 
division of theq.tcstion, so that we may vote 
first on the question raised by the resolution, as 
to the right of the Federal Government to inter- 
ferc with slavery in the States; and, second, as to 
the purpose of the people of the non-siaveholding 
States. My object In asking that is this: that the 
resolution, while asserting a correct principle as 
as to the purpose of the non-slaveholding States 
It thus 
which man v of us believe to be untrue. 
puts us In a' false position, or is intended to do so. 
The SPEAKER. that after 
responses have been made, no division is in order. 
The Clerk will proceed to cait the roll. 
The Cierl< resumed the calling of the roll. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 rise to inquiry of 
understand a division of the resoiu• 
the Chair. 
tions to be calle(l for. 
The SPEAKER. They are 
