858 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 11, 
absent from the House, in attendance on the 
funeral ofa distinguished citizen of Connecticut, 
who dicd suddenly in this city. 
Mr. DAWES stated that 'his colleague, Mr. 
ALLEY, was confined to his room by illness. 
Mr. KILGORE begged to be excused from 
voting. 
Mr. QUARLES stated that Mr. LEAcn, of 
North Carolina, was detained in his room by ill- 
ness; and that hc was instructed to state that, if he 
were present, he would vote in the amrmative on 
the pending resolution. 
Mr. RIGGS stated that his colleague, Mr. 
ADRAIN, had becn called home by sickness in his 
family. 
Mr. LEA KB stated that his colleague, Mr. DE 
J ARNETTE, had been called home. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM stated that, if his 
colleague, N"lr. PENDLETON, were present, he had 
no doubt hc would vote in favor of the resolution 
as it had been modified. 
The vote was announced as above recorded. 
TOBACCO TRADE. 
Mr. HASKIN. I mn directed by the Commit- 
tee on Printing to report the followincr resolution : 
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the House, 
five thousand extra copies of the report of the select coni- 
mittee upon the tobacco trade of the Statcs with 
foreign countries. 
That is the report of Colonel HUGHES upon 
that important subject. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
FRANKING PRIVILEGE. 
Mr. HASKIN, from the Committee on Print- 
ing, reported the followintr resolution, which was 
read, considered, and agreed to : 
Resolved, That there bc printed, for the use of the I-louse, 
ten thousand c.xt,ra copies of the report of the select coni- 
zuittee upon the franking privilege." 
COAST SURVEY REPORT. 
Mr. HASKIN, from Committee on Print- 
ing, reported thc resolution : 
Resolecd„ That therc bc printed, thr the use of the House, 
five thousand extra copies of the report of the Su perintend- 
cnt of the Coast. Survey ror the year 1860; three thousand 
of which for distribution by tho Superintendent, and two 
thousand for the use or the Inmnbers of tbc (louse. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
Is that the 
usual nurnber, and the manner in which they are 
usually divided ? 
Mr. HASKIN. It is. 
Ml•. BURNETT. 1 ask the yeas and nays 
upon that resolution. 
"-F.he yeas and nays were not ordered. 
T hc rcsolution was then agrccd to. 
Mr. HASKINS moved to reconsider tho votes 
by which the several resolutions were adopted; 
and also Illovcd to lay the motion to reconsider 
on the table. 
r I'he latter motion was agreed to. 
DAVID G. DATES. 
I call for thc 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of 
rcgular order of business. 
SPEAKER. 'The. regular of business is 
the pending motion, comincr over from a previous 
Monday, to tho rules to take up the bill 
of the House No. 115, for Ibe relief of the legal 
reprcscntatives of David G. Bates. 
The bill, which was read, instructs the Secre- 
tar y of the 'Ih•easury to ascertain, as in the case 
of john P. 13. and Ilenry Gratiot, what amount, 
if any, of rent was cxactcd by the United States 
agent of lead Iliiucs from David G. Bates for lead 
mined and stneltcd upon the lands of tbc Ottawa, 
Pottawatomie, Chippewa, Winnebago, or other 
tribes of Indians prior to the purchase thereof by 
the United States, and to pay such amount as 
may be legally proved to have been actually paid 
by said David G. Bates in his lifetime to such 
acent of the United States, to the icgal represcnt- 
four hundred and thirty-one pounds of lead as 
rept prior to the dates of the treaties by which 
the lead lands on the upper Mississippi came into 
the undisputed possession of the United States. 
The petitioner alleges that while this rent was 
exacted by the United States, rent was also ex- 
acted by and paid to the Indians, who claimed 
the Ian(l on which the lead mines were located. 
Mr. THOMAS. J object to taking up the bill. 
The SPEAKER. T lie motion is upon sus- 
pending the rules. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 would like to know how 
much money is involved in that bill? 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Bates 
paid some one hundred and seventeen thousand 
four hundred and thirty-one pounds of lead as 
I think its value would average about two 
cents per pound at the time it was paid. The 
amount involved is about twenty-two hundred 
dollars. 
The question was taken ; and the rules were sus- 
pended. 
The bill was then ordcrcd to bc engrossed and 
read a third time; and being enørossed, it was 
accordingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re- 
consider thc vote by which the bill was passed; 
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider 
on the table. 
ti'he latter motion was agreed to. 
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL. 
Mr. CURTIS offered the following resolution 
in reference to the Pacific railroad bill: 
Resolued., That Elouse bill No. 701, with t.he amendments 
of the Senatc, bc made the special order for 'I'uesday and 
Wednesday ne..xt, and considered in the Housc. 
Objection being made, 
Mr. CURTIIIS moved to suspend the rules. 
IV.(r. called for the ycas and nays. 
'I'hc ycas and nays wcrc ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
thc affirmative—yeas 117, nays 33; as follows: 
Charles F. Adanl*, Green Adams, Al- 
dricll, Allen, 'I'hotnas Anderson, Barr, Barrct, Bingham, 
B fair, Blake, Boteler, rayton, Briggs, Bristow, Bufiinron, 
Butterfield, Cäünpbelt, Carter, Case, 
Burell, Burlinga•nc, 
John B. Clark, Coburn, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, 
Conway, Corwin, Covode, Cox, Jarnos Craig, Curtis, 
Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, 
Dawes, Delano, l)'tpll, I)unn, 
Ely, Parnsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Frank, 
flail, Hat- 
French, Gooeh, Grow, Gurley, Hale, 
ton, Ilcl:niek, Iloard, Williarn I lnwnvd, II litnpbro.v, II nteh 
ins, Irvine, Jun kill, Fra neiR VV. Kellogg, 
Will Kellogg, 
Kenyon, Kilgore, Larrabee, DeVVitt C. Leach, Lee, Love- 
joy, Mallory, McClernand, McKean, McKenty, Mc Knight, 
I *'dbail Moore, Moorhead, Nelson, Nixon, 
M iilward, 
i'ahner, Perry, Pettit, l'ort.er, Potter, Pottlc, Quatlcs, John 
R.ice, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Scott, 
11. Reynolds, 
Sedgwick, SiQkles, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, WV illiarn 
Stewart, Stokes, St.out, Stratt.on, '.l'appan, 'l'hayer, 'Phea- 
Vance, Vandever, Van Wyck, Verree, 
Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, 
lihu B. Washburne, Wells, Wilson, Windom, and Wood . 
117. 
Bocock, Brown, Burnett, Carey, Ilor- 
Burton Craigo. English, Gihner, 
aeo F. ("ark, 
Haskin. flurrhes. Log;in; Elbert S. Martin, 
Maynard, McPherson, M illson, Montgomery, Morril\, Isaac 
Pryor, Jarnes C. 
N. M on-is, Nibtack, Peyton, Phelps, 
Robinson, Rnflin. Stevenson, 'I'rilnb\e, Vallandig- 
hmn, Winslow, an(l Wright-—33. 
So the rules were suspended. 
During the vote 
Mr. QUARLES stated that Mr. LEAtIH, of 
North Carolina, was absc.nt from the House in 
consequence of sickness; that had he becn here, 
he would have voted in t hc neaative. 
Mr. GARNETT stated that, had he been in the 
bar when his name was called, he should have 
voted in the ncffative. 
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE. 
During the call, also, 
A Inessage was received from the Senate, bv Mr. 
PATTON, ohe of its clerks, the House 
that the Senate disagreed to the arnendments of 
alives of the said Bates, out of any moneys in the the. House to the mnendments of the Senate to the 
Treasury not otherwise appropriated. 
bill (fl. R. No. 8GG) to supply deficiencies in the 
report, which was read, states that this appropriations for the service of the fiscul year 
claim depends upon the same principles as that ending June 30, 1861, and insisted upon its amend- 
of IMoses Nleeker, reported on the 19th of IY'Iarch II ments disagreed to by the Housc, and ask a fur- 
last, and also of the claims of J. P. B. Gratiot ther committee of conference. 
and Hen ry (.}patiot, and Joseph Hardy and A i ton Mr. SICKLES. I ask. that the request of the 
Long, M'hich have heretofore been allowed by 
Congress. 
It appears, by letters from the Treasury Dc- 
partmcnt and General Land Office, that David G. 
Bates paid one handfed and seventeen thousand 
Senate be acceded to. 
PHELPS. 1 object to it now, as it will 
interferc with the vote now being taken. 
B,lr. SICKLES. 1 see no reason why the matter 
may not be disposed of now. 
The SPEAKER. After the result of this vote 
it will be in order. 
is announced, 
Mr. PHELPS. I object to taking up the matter 
at this time. 
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman's objection 
comes too late. He should have objected before 
the reception of the messace. 
Mr. PHELPS. A message can be received at 
any time; but its consideration is another question. 
The result of the vote was then announced, as 
above recorded . 
Mr. CURTIS. I now offer my resolution. 
Mr. GIRO qr. Before the question is put upon 
the adoption of the resolution, I ask the gentleman 
from Iowa to allow me to have read an amend- 
ment which I desire to offer whenever the bill 
comes up for consideration. 
No objection being made, the amendment was 
read, as•followrs: 
Add at the end of thirty-eighth amendment of Senate, 
page 19, iinc nineteen : 
Procided, 'I"hat, in case the people of Texas shall adopt 
an ordinance of secession in violation of the authority and 
laws of the United States, and shah adhere tö the saine for 
at least six months, then the provisions herein Inade tor 
granting lands and Government bonds to the Southern Pa- 
cific Railroad Company, of which Vernon E. Stevenson is 
president, shall be void. 
Mr. CURTIS. I shall oppose thatamendment, 
not believing that Texas is going to take that 
course. 
The resolution was then agrccd to. 
So the Pacific railroad bill was made the special 
order for Tucs•day and Wednesday next. 
Mr. CURTIS moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the resolution was agreed to; and also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the 
table. 
'Rhe latter motion was agreed to. 
DEFICIENCY BILL. 
MP. SICKLES. 1 now move that the House 
concur in the requcst of tho Senate to appoint a 
now committee of conference on the deficiency 
The motion was agreed to. 
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr. 
SICKLES, MI'. CAMPBELL, and Mr. ALDRICH, to 
constitute such committee on the part of the House. 
LEGISLATIVE BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to make a privileged 
I am instructed by the Committee of 
report. 
Ways and Means to report back Senate amend- 
ments to I-louse bill No. 892, making appropria- 
ations for the legislative, executive, and judicial 
expenses of the Government for the year ending 
the 30th of June, 1862. The consideration of 
those amendments will probably not consume 
more than ten minutes. 
I am happy to say that 
the Senate has done what is very unusual; it has 
madc very few amendments, and most of them 
arc formal in their character. 
I ask that they be 
taken up and considered now. 
No objection being made, the amendments were 
taken up and considered, as follows: 
First amendment: 
Page I, line seventeen, strike out the word offcers," 
and insert offcer so that the clause shall read : 
Oilieer charged with the disbursunents of the Senate, 
$480. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended a concurrence. 
The amcndrnent was agreed to. 
Second amendrnelll: 
Parrc 3, after line twentv, insert : 
For the usual additional ccnnpensation to tliC reporters 
of the Senate tor the Congrcssional Globe, for reporting the 
proceedings of the Senate Ibr the fir*t session of the 'I'hirty- 
Seventh Congress, $800 eachs $4,000. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
a concurrence. 
The amendment was concurred in. 
Third arnendment: 
Pawe 5, linc eighteen, strike out $95,818 and insert 
$8i,318. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended a non-concurrence. 
The amendment was not affreed to. 
Fourth amendment: 
Page 7, after line twenty-three, strike out the f0110"'in«: 
'l'o enable the Superintendent o? tlie f'nblic Printing LO 
carry into effect the provisi0t)R of the joint resofution in 
relation to The public printing, approved 23d Januavy, 1860, 
$135,000: Pro Did.ed, 'I'hat no part of t.his appropriation sha 
be expended until the title to the property purchased shall 
