1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
859 
have been examined and approved by the Attorney General 
o? the LTnttcd States. 
Thc Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended a concurrence; the subject-matter of the 
amendment having been provided for in the defi- 
ciency bill. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Fifth amendment: 
In the following clause strike out five," and insert 
For stationerv, blank books, binding, furniture, fixtures, 
repairs, painting, and glazi112, $5,000. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended a concurrence. 
T hc amendment was agreed to. 
Sixth amcndment: 
In the following clause, after the word thousand," in- 
sert fivc hundred 
For rnisceilaneaus items, $2 000. 
The Committee of 'Ways and Means recom- 
mended a non-concurrence. 
The amendmcnt was not agreed to. 
Seventh amendment: 
Paoc II, line tvvcnty. five, afterthc word clerks," strike 
Inessengcr," and insert in lieu thcreof' messen«ers • 
out. 
so that it read : 
For coznpcnsation of the Third Auditor, and the clerks, 
messengers, assistant mcssenrrer, and laborers in his office, 
$93,440. 
The Committec of 'Ways and Means recom- 
mended a concurrence. 
Tho amendment was agreed to. 
Eighth amcndmcnt: 
Page 15, line twenty-two, after the word clcrks," strike 
out messengers," and insert in lieu thereof" messenger 
so that it will read: 
For cunnpcnsation of the Secretary of the Interior, and 
the clerks, messenrrer, assistant messenøers, watchmen, and 
laborers in his omce, $36,900. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended a concurrence. 
The amendment was agrccd to. 
Ninth amendment: 
Paqe 16, line sixteen, after the word and," 
strike out 
the word laborers," and insert in lieu thereof" laborer 
EO that it will read : 
For compensation of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, 
and the clerks, messenøer, assistant messenger, watchtnen, 
and laborer in his oflice, $31,940. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended a concurrcnce. 
The amendinent was agreed to. 
Tenth amendment: 
Linc nineteen, after the word " assistant," 
strike out 
messenger," and in lieu thereof insert Inessenøcrs so 
that it will read : 
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pensions, and 
the clerks, Iliessenger, assistant messenaers, and laborers in 
his offlCC, $82,340. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended a concurrence. 
The amendment was agrced to. 
Eleventh amendment: 
Page 18, aftcr line twenty-six, insert: 
For cotnpensation of surveyor general of Illinois and 
Missouri, $1,000. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended a non-concurrence. 
The amendrnent was disagreed to. 
Twelfth amendment: 
For compensation of the surveyor general of' Louisiana, 
$2,000. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended a non-concurrencc. 
The amendment was disagreed to. 
Thirteenth amendment: 
Page 19, line eleven, after the word thousand," insert 
fivk± hundred so that it will read : 
For rent of surveyor gencraPs office in Oregon, fuel, 
books, stationery, and other incidental expenses, $2,500. 
The Committee of •ways and Means recom- i 
mended a non-concurrence. 
The amendment wras disagreed to. 
Fourteenth amendment: 
Line fourteen, after the word messenger," strike out 
three," and insert in lieu thcrcof five so as to make 
it read : 
For rent of surveyor general's oflice in California, fuel, 
books, statonery, and other incidental expenses, including ! 
pay of messenger. $5,000. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended a 
The amendment was disagreed to. 
Fifteenth amendment: 
two," and insert in lieu thereof three so that it will 
read : 
For oflice rent for the surveyor general of Washington 
Territory, tupl, books, stationery, abd other incidental ex- 
penses. $3,000. 
T hc Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended a non-concurrence. 
The amendment was disagreed to. 
Sixteenth amendment: 
Line twenty, after the word c.xpenses," strike out 
two thousand," and insert in lieu thereof four thousand 
five hundred;" so that it will read : 
For rent of the surveyor generaPs oflice in New Mexico, 
fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental expenses, 
$4,500. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended a non-concurrcnce. 
The amendment was disagreed to. 
Seventeenth amendment: 
Paoe 22, line t.hrce, after the ',vord and," strike out the 
word laborer," and insert in lieu thereof" laborers;" so 
that it will read : 
For cornpensation of the Chicf or thc Bureau of Navy- 
Yards and Docks, and tbc clcrks, rncssengcr, and laborcrs in 
his oflice, $14,140. 
Thé Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended a concurrence. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth amend. 
ments: 
Strike out thc following: 
'K ant Dahlonega, Georgia.—For salaries of superintend- 
cnt, coiner, assayer, and clerk, $6,000. 
Por qvaøes 01' worlanen, $2 880. 
For incidental and contingent expenses. $1 000." 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended a concurrence. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Twenty-first amendment: 
Pacre 30, linc sixteen, befi)re the word and," strike out 
clerk," aud inscrt in lieu thereof clerks;" so that it will 
read : 
For eoznpcnsation and Inileagc of the Inernbors of the 
Lcgislative Assernbly, officers, clerks, and contingent ex- 
penses ot' the Assetnbly, including the sum of $375 duc tor 
codiij'ing thc laws, $20,000. 
The Committcc of Ways and Means recom- 
mended a concurrence. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Twenty-second, and last amendment of the 
Senate: 
Add, at the end of the bill, the followil)" as an additional 
section : 
SEC. 3. and be it further enacted, 'l*hat the provisions of 
the, fifth section of chapt.er ninety-seven of the act of Cotl- 
gress. approved IMare_h 3, 1853, requiring the. Secretary of' 
the 'Treasury to lilnit the amount ot• retitling at the Mint 
whenever private establishtncnts shall be capabke of refin- 
ing bullion. shall bc oxtellded to the several branches of' the 
Mint and to the United States assay oflice at New York, 
in all cases when deposits of bullion are Inade for coins in 
fine bars; and that hereafter tbc charge f0r convertina re- 
fined buliion into coins shall not exceed one fifth of' one. 
per cent. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended a non-concurrence. 
Mr. BURCH. 
I hope the House will concur 
in this amendment. It was adopted in the Senate, 
I believe, without opposition. Our 
charges at this time one half of one per cent. for 
coining refined gold. 'l'he consequence is, that it 
drives $50,000,000 out of the United States to for- 
eicrn countries for the purpose of coinage. I believe 
that in the history of the world no Govcrnmcnt 
but has charged anything for coinaøe. 
1 
should like to know the reason why the Commit- 
tee of MT ays and Means recommend a non-concur- 
rcnce in this amendment. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment is very 
important, and if adopted by the I-louse will rev- 
olutionize the operations of our mints. Under the 
present law, about six tenths of one per cent. is 
charged for refining gold. This amendment pro- 
poses to reduce that charge to two tenths, which 
would be a reduction of over four hundred thou- 
sand dollars, and an appropriation of at least that 
amount would be required to make up the defi- 
clency. 
But the first clause of this amendment proposes 
virtually to give a monopoly to one man in Cali- 
fornia of this process of refilling gold. A few 
years a law was passed that whcn private 
establishments in the city of Philadelphia under- 
assay •offce in New York, and tranSferthis whole 
process of refining gold from the mints to a single 
man, because there is only one refiner of gold in 
the United States. The amendment is very im; 
portant, and I do not think it was carefully con- 
sidered by the Senate. 
I have looked over the 
debates, and I find that it was not discussed at all. 
The amendment passcd the Senate sub silent-io, 
and the House ought norto concur in it without 
serious consideration. 
Mr. B(JRCH. I have no wish to build up a 
monopoly of any business, nor do I think that 
will be the effect of this amendment. We have 
more than one refiner in California. I know that, 
while we have many assay offices; parties are 
obliged to send their bars of gold to England and 
other countries, and pay frexght upon them, to 
have them coined, because of the enormous 
charges of the Government; and, after paying 
freight, thereby save a large amount. T be gen- 
Ileman knows that it drives $50,000,000 of bullion 
annually out of this country for coinage. My 
honest opinion is, that if this amendment should 
bc adopted, thereby enabling our own mints to 
do all the coinage of bullion collected in our coun- 
try, it woul?. produce a larger amount of revenue 
from the mints than the Government now derives. 
That is my impression in regard to it. I pre- 
sented to the Committee of Ways and Means sta- 
tistics showing that such would be the effect of 
the, a•nendmcnt. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that we not 
only read ail that the gentleman presented to us, 
but we crave an interview to the gentleman who 
is interested in this matter, and - heard him pa- 
tientlv; and we unanimously came to the conclu- 
Sion that the amendment ought not to be concurred 
in. 
Mr. BURCH. The gentleman does me injus- 
tice when he says that this amendment is for the 
benefit of one house in California. 
I do not be- 
licve that that is its purpose. It is recommended 
bv thc Su )crintendent of the Mint at Philadel- 
pliia, in a ctter, which I laid before the Commit- 
it is the disposition of the 
If, however, 
House to dcfcat thc amendment, of' course it will 
have to cro to a committee of confcrence; but it 
does seem to me that it would be to the advan- 
tage of the Government for us to adopt it. 
The Committee of Ways and Means, I know, 
is all-powerful herc, and that it is almost impos- 
Sible to overcome their opposition; but when I 
think they, from a want of interest in the subject- 
matter, have overlooked the true interest of the 
Government, and have wholly disregarded the 
interests of my constituents, I hold it to be my 
duty to oppose even so formidable and influential 
gentlemen as compose that committee. 
Mr. MILLSON. 1 should like to know what 
obligation there is on the part of the people of the 
United States to coin money at their own expense, 
for the benefit of those who extract the ore from 
the mines. To concur in this amendment of the 
Senate would be to takca retrograde step. Some 
years ago the Government attempted to charge 
seigniorage. The present charge forcoiningmoney 
does not equal the expenses. The one half per 
cent. does not reimburse the Government its act- 
ual expenses in coining; and now the proposition 
is to reduce that charge of One half of one per cent. 
to onc fifth of one per cent. 
f would like to ask the gentle- 
Mr. BURCH. 
man from Virginia whether, if the effect of charg- 
ing this one half of one per cent. is to send to for- 
eign countries for coinage year, and 
if the reduction of the charge to one fifth of one 
percent. were to keep that sum to be coined here, 
the Government would not be benefited by the 
chancre ? 
Mr. MILLSON. By no means. The Govern- 
ment would be overwhelmed with the work of 
coinage, if some of the gold did not go in bullion 
tofor6ign countries. We novv' export about eighty 
million dollars a year; and now let gentlemen con- 
ceive the effect of adding that surn annually to -the 
existinff circulation of the country ! 
This gold must be exported. We are a gold- 
producing coun try. W c produce gold for cxpor•- 
tation. If the Government of the United States 
took the process of refining gold, the Secretary oc is to be called upon to coin this $80,000,000 addi- 
tional, why should it be expected to do so at its 
the r l" reasury igh t with drawt that operation from 
'Ililis amcndlnent proposes to extend own expense? The Government of the United 
the IVY int. 
that law to California, and to all the cities in Slatesowns alargenumberof valuablc gold mines 
in California. The whole of the gold contained 
Line seventeen, after the word expenses," strike out Union, 
rl'he effect of it would bo to destroy the 
