860 
in them belongs to the Government. That gold 
the people of California appropriate to themselves. 
They take, as I understand, $80,000,000 from the 
public treasure, without accounting for it; and 
they actually expect and require that the Gov- 
ernment shall, at its own expense, coin this gold 
into money. Now, I think that when they are 
only charged one half of one per cent. for con- 
verting their gold into coin, they may consider 
that they are very indulgently dealt with by the 
Government of the United States. 
But the gentleman from California says that 
other national Governments coin money at their 
I would suggest to him that, with 
own expense. 
the exception of England, we are the only gold- 
producing country, to any extent, in the world. 
The coinage of the other European nations is very 
small; and for reasons of their own, they can very 
well afford to coin moncy without charge. 
Some years ago, at the instance, 1 think, of 
my colleague in the Senate, [Mr. HUNTER,] the 
Government undertook to demand a seigniorage 
of one half of one per cent. , supposing that that 
would be a remuneration of the actual expenses. 
It turns out, however, to be less; and yet there 
has been no proposition to increase the rate; 
although I did, last year, make some inquiries 
with a view of so altering the present law as to 
reimburse the Government fully. But now we 
are asked to coin this gold at the rate of one fifth 
of one per cent. , instead of one half' of one per 
cent; and for the sole reason that my friend from 
California says the gold is now sent out of the 
country. What would be the effect of it? If we 
were now to coin at our own expense all the gold 
extracted, or—which would be equivalent—charge 
only one fifth of one per cent, the result would 
be, that we should convert this gold bullion into 
coin, to be recoined abroad, and that all the ex- 
pense would be thrown upon the Government of 
the United States for nothmg. 
I hope the House 
wili refuse to concur in the amendment of the 
Senate. 
Mr. BURCH. 
I think it was improper for the 
chairman of the Committee of •ways and Means 
to charge a disposition on the part of the support- 
ers of this proposition, in the Scnatc or elsewrhere, 
to build up a monopoly at the expense of the Gov- 
I desire to say to him, and through 
ern men t. 
him to the House, that I was not aware of this 
amendrnent being ofl'et•cd until the amendments 
wcre referred to the Committee of Ways and 
Means. The gentleman may remember that one 
of thc Senators from California and myself called 
upon him. That was the first information I had 
in regard to the amendment. The refining of gold 
by the mints of the United States is attended with 
'rreat loss to the Government, and ever will be. 
This amendment saves, in this respect, much to 
the Government; and if this should drive refinincr 
into private refineries, the Government should 110t 
since it is fbr t.hc advantage of the 
miner. 
It is known to the members of this I-louse that 
a large majority of the people of California arc 
enfragod in gold diggitp. 'I hey have gone there 
from every State in the Union. They are a con- 
glomerated mass of citizens from all the States. 
Many of' lhcnl are representatives of the State 
of thc chairman of the Committee of Ways and 
Means, and many of them come from the State 
represented by the gentleman who has just taken 
his seat, [Mr. ILK.soN.] 'I'hey come from every 
State in the Union. 
The gentleman from Virginia spoke of the at- 
tempt to impose the tax known as seignioraTe 
upon the miners of California; but that attempt 
failed, and the tax never became a law. The first, 
and I am happy to say, only Republican Senator 
from that State of California, I believe also pro- 
posed such a kaw; and no one measure of legisla- 
tion ever produced so much indignation in the 
State of California as that. The gentleman from 
Virginia also stated that these Ininerals belonged 
to the General Government. That, however, is 
a mooted question. 
It arises out of the old legal 
maxim that the minerals belonged to the sover- 
eign, because the sovereign alone could exercise 
the right of coina€re. Now, there is a question— 
and it has prcsen tcd itself here this Congress— 
as to M.'ho is sovereign; whether it is the State or 
the General Government? Gentlemen here do not 
acree as to which they owe allegiance to. -Many 
have left us who claim that the State government 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 11, 
is sovereign, and that it has a right to the exer- 
cise (f sovereignty in many other regards as well 
as to exercise control over these mines. But the 
question has never been yet brought to a position 
where it could be finally determined. 
Mr. Speaker, I would not be performing my 
full duty to the people of California if I allowed 
this amendment to be passed upon without saying 
a word in its favor; and hence I felt it my duty to 
call the attention of the House to it. If the chair- 
man of the Committee of Ways and Means can 
give such reasons as will satisfy the House that 
it should not concur with the Senate in this amend- 
ment, well and good. This tax fedls upon every 
individual miner in the State. My honest impres- 
Sion is, that if the Government will coin all the 
bullion itself, thereby keeping this $50,000,000 
which is annually sent to foreign countries for 
coinage, it can do so at the proposed rate of one 
fifth of one per cent. , at as little loss as it now 
incurs at one half of one per cent. I hope, there- 
fore, that the House will concur in this amend- 
ment of the Senate, which, I believe, has for its 
object a real saving to the Government, and an 
encouragement of the honest industry of those 
who are engaged in the development of the hidden 
treasures of our State, against which I sincerely 
hope there is no objection. 
The question was taken; and the amendment 
was non-concurred in. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. 
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr. 
PATTON, one of its clerks, notifying the House 
that the Senate had passed joint resolution (H. R. 
No. 57) for the benefit of Duvall & Brothers. 
Also, an act (H. R. No. 554) to extend thc 
right of appeal from decisions of circuit courts 
to the Supreme Court of the United States, with 
amendments, in which he wag directed to ask the 
concurrence of the House. 
Also, that the President had informed the Sen- 
ate that he had approved and signed an act (S. 
No. 268) for the relief of Mary K. Guthrie, 
widow of Presley N. Guthrie. 
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL. 
The House then proceeded to the consideration 
of the Senate amendments to an act (H. R. No. 
864) making appropriations for the consular and 
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the 
year ending Junc 30, 1862. 
First amendment: 
Page 2, line twelve, strike out and insert 
$40',000 so as to Inake the elause road as follows : 
For contingent expenses of all missions abroad, $40,000. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended non-concurrence. 
The amendment was non-concurred in. 
Second amendment: 
Page 3, line fourteen, in the paragraph making appropri- 
ations iOr thc consuls general, strike out the word " Si- 
Inoda." 
The Committee of MT ays and Means recom- 
mended non-concurrence. 
The amendmcnt was non-concurrcd in. 
Third amendment: 
Page 3, line sixteen, in the paragraph making appropria- 
tions iör the salaries of consuls, insert Sin10da." 
The Committee of and Means recom- 
mended non-concurrcncc. 
The amendment was non-concurred in. 
Fourth amendment: 
Page 4, line nineteen, at the end of thc paragraph making 
appropriations tor consuls general and consuls, strike out 
$273,750," and insert, " $271,750." 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended non-concurrence. 
The amendment was non-concurred in. 
Fifth amendment: 
Page 4, line nineteen, after the word dollars, add, "and 
the office of consul general at Simoda is hereby abolishcd, 
and the salary of the consul at Simoda fixed at $3,000 per 
annum." 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended non-concurrence. 
The amendment was Mon-concurred in. 
Sixth amendment: 
Page 4, line twenty-five, strike out $3 000," and insert 
$4,500 so as to make the paragraph read : 
For interpreters to the consulates in China, $4,500. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended non-concurrence. 
The amendment was nan-concurred in. 
Seventh amendment: 
At the end of the bill, add thc following paragraph : 
To meet an extraordinary emergency, which has arisen 
in bringing from Batavia twenty-tOur searnen of' the ship 
Stag Hound, charged with mutiny, $9,792, or so much 
thereof as may be deemed just and {ätr; said sum to be 
expended under the direction of the Secretary of State. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended concurrence, with the following amend- 
ment: 
Add, at the end of the Senate amendment, as follows : 
To enable the President of the United States to carry into 
effect the act of Congress of 3d March 1819, and any sub- 
sequent act now in existence, for the suppression of the 
African slave trade, $450,000. 
The amendment to the amendment was agreed 
to. 
The amendment, as amended , was concurred in. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com- 
munication from the acting Secretary of the In- 
tcrior, transmitting the report of the wa(yon road 
expedition under Coloncl F. W. Lander; which 
was referred to the Committee of Ways and 
Mcans, and ordered to bc printed. 
AARON H. PALMER. 
Mr. TAPPAN. I ask the unanimous consent 
of the House to take up and put on its passage 
Senate bill No. 11], for the relief of Aaron H. 
Palmer. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 1 object. 
Mr. TAPPAN. I move to suspend the rules. 
The bill was read. It appropriates $3,000 to 
Aaron H. Palmer, in full compensation for his 
labor and research in collecting information, and 
preparing the same for the use of the Govern- 
ment, relative to the oriental nations, and partic- 
ularly Japan. 
The report was read; from which it appears 
that the petitioner has, on various occasions, be- 
t'.veen the years 1846 and 1851, addressed inter- 
esting and valuable communications on the sub- 
ject to the House of Representatives and to three 
Presidents and Secretaries of State, which have 
been printed as valuable public documents, and 
are generally considered as important contribu- 
tions to our knowledge of several of the compar- 
atively unknown maritime nations of the Last, 
(particularly Japan,) and have proved of high in- 
tcrcst and value to our Government in opening and 
extending our commercial relations with several 
of those eastern countries. 
Among those contributions Of Mr. Palmer, his 
" plan for opening Japan," submitted by him to 
the Secretary of State on the 17th of September, 
1849, which met with the Secretary's entire ap- 
proval, appears to have been subsequently adopted 
as the basis of the policy of our Government in 
the expedition and mission to the ruler of that 
empire, so successfully accomplished by Com- 
modorc Perry, in accordance, it would seem, with 
the leading views, suggestions, and recommenda- 
tions contained therein. 
Mr. Palmer, between 1842 and 1853, addressed 
a series of letters, communications, and contribu- 
lions, including copies of his printed documents, 
to high functionaries in Japan, having for their 
object the opening of that empire to American in- 
tercourse and commerce, and which he has trans- 
mitted, from time to time, during the aforetnen- 
tioned periods, to Nagasaki, through the only safe 
and reliable channels of communicatincr with that 
secluded and mysterious empire. 
It rnay reason- 
ably be presumed these have had important in- 
fluence and agency at that court in preparing the 
l,vay for the successful result of Commodore 
Perry's mission. 
Mr. Palmer, it appears, has also printed, at 
different times, two thousand two hundred and 
fifty copies of his memoirs, at his owrn expense, 
, fordistribution to Senators, members of Congress, 
and exccutivc offcers of the Government; that, 
at the request of several Senators, he prepared a 
large outline map, to illustrate his memoirs on 
Siberia, &c., printed by order of the Senate in 
1848, and in consequence of the delay at the time 
in the printing of the Senate documents, he claims 
compensation for nine months ' services, in which 
he was necessarily detained during that year in 
the preparation of the map, and correcting the 
proof-sheets of the usual as wellas extra numbers 
of copies of said memoir ordered by the Senate; 
and also for four months' services in preparing a 
report, illustrated by a special chart, for the Sec- 
