862 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 12, 
ENROLLED mLLS SIGNED. 
The message farther announced that the Speak- 
er of the House had signed the followin•entolled 
bills and joint resolution; which thereupon re- 
ceived the signature of the Vice President: 
A bill (S. No. 111) for the relief of Aaron H. 
Palmer; 
A bill (S. No. 531) to change the name of the 
schooner Augusta to Colonel Cook; and 
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 57) for the ben- 
efit of Duvall & Brother. 
BILT,s BECOME LAWS. 
The message further announced that the Presl- 
dent of the United States had approved and signed, 
on the 9th inst., the following bills and joint res- 
olution: 
A bill (H. R. No. 181) to provide for a super- 
tendent of Indian affairs of Washington Terri- 
tory and additional Indian agents; 
A bill (H. R. No. 341) for the relief of Moses 
Meekcr; 
A bill (H. R. No. 972) authorizing a loan; and 
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 71) extending 
the time for taking testimony on the application 
of Cyrus H. McCormick for the extension of his 
paten t. 
RESOLUTIONS 011' MINNESOTA. 
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 present resolutions of 
the Legislature of the State of Minnesota, on the 
I ask that they bc read. 
state of the Union. 
'lthe Secretary read them, as follows: 
Joint resolutions of tbc Legislature of the State of Minne- 
sofa, cn the state of the' Uhion. Jidoptcd January 22, 
1861. 
1. Resolvcd., 'I'hat one of the vital and necessary principles 
which tor:n the basis of all free governments is, Lhat the 
constitutional Inajority :nust always rule ; and thercfore, 
the right of the people of any State to withdraw from the 
Union, thereby hazarding the liberties and happiness the 
rniilions coznposing this Confédcracy, can never be ac- 
knowlcdæcd by us tinder any circuln.stance.s. We regard 
seccssion upon the part ot any State as alnounting directly 
to revolution, and precipitating civil war, with all its sad 
train of consequences. 
2. Resolved, 'I'hat the people of the State of Minnesota 
reiterate their unalterable devotion to the Constitution of 
t.hc United States ; and that if its provisions are strictly ob- 
served, it will, in its on•n words, insure domestic tranquil* 
lity, provide iOr the comnuon 'le;onse, prolnote tbc general 
weltare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and 
our posterity. 
3. Resolved, That Abraharn Lincoln and [lanuibal I-larn- 
, having been constitutionaily and legally elected {'resi- 
deut and Vice President of the United States, at a general 
clcctiou i'uily and creel y participated in, 
on the sallie (lay, 
by the. people of every State of the Union, South as well as 
North, any attempt to dissolve or destroy Union ac- 
count thereof is without exeusc or justification, and should 
receive the cundeonnation of every patriot in the lav)d. 
4. Resolved, 'I'hat we have beard with astonislnncnt and 
indignation of t.he recent outrages pevpetrat.ed at ('Iharles- 
ton, South Carolina, by firing upon nn Aincrican stetuner, 
sailing under the flag of our country, and that we expect. 
of the G cue ral Governtnent the strongest and tnost vigorous 
eflört to assert its supremacy. and tn check the work ot• 
rebellion and 
itnpressed wit.h our duty to 
treason. 
make every possible 
eiiÖrt to uphold the 
Ilion, and to 
Inain tain the 
authoritv of the General Govet•nnuent, if,' e 
hereby tender to the Prcsi(lcnt of the United States tar that 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 have no objection to 
their being read; but as to their being printed, I 
have word to say. Petitions are not printed. 
These resolutions are not addressed to the Sen- 
at.e. There is no request, even, to lay them be- 
fore the Senate. I think that was the rule laid 
down on a former occasion. 
Mr. WILKINSON. They are the resolutions 
of the State of Minnesota, passed in the Legisla- 
ture; and one of the resolutions directs that they 
be sent to the Senators and Representatives in 
Congress. 
I take it for granted that, under the 
decision which has been made heretofore, it would 
be inferred, at least, that they should be presented 
to this body. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 believe it has been the 
universal practice to print resolutions of a State 
Legislature. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. no objection to 
whatever has been the practice; I only note the 
fact that this paper is not addressed to the Senate, 
that objections may not hereafter be made on that 
score. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The resolutions ofStates 
have always been nrinted, without objection. 
Mr. CRIT'DENbEN. 1 say, no objec- 
tion. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. And never before was a 
question raised, since I have been in the body, 
that the resolutions of a State had to come in the 
form ofa petition. States send their resolutions 
here, often instructing their Senators what to do. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It was insisted on here, 
upon a former occasion, that these proceedings 
should be directed to the Senate. 
Mr. FITCH. Tile Senator from Illinois is mis- 
ta ken. 
It is not usual to print memorials of State 
Legislatures, or any other source directed to in- 
dividuats. Il'hese are not addressed to the Senate. 
Mr. MASON. Allow me to say that, in my 
experience in this body, which has now extended 
for many years, I have occasionally heard of ob- 
jections made to the printing of resolutions or 
other communications from a State', but thcy have 
always been overruled. The in variable practice 
has been to c.xtcnd that as a respect to the States. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. is no objection 
to that. 
Mr. MASON. 1 thought the honorable Sena- 
tor from Indiana objected. 
r r he resolutions were ordered to lie on tbc table, 
and be printed. 
STATIC OF THE UNION. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. no sat- 
isfaction, Mr. Prcsident, in presenting to you the 
petition which lies before me, on my desk, from 
people of the Statc of Massachusetts. This peti- 
tion is from one hundred and eighty-two of the cit- 
ies and towns of Massachusetts, and is signed by 
twenty-two thousand three hundred and thirteen 
citizel'l.s of that State. These signatures we rc ob- 
tuined daring seculardays, under great disad- 
purpose, through the Governor of this Statt••, aid in and 
When one or vantarycs. In some instances the petition remained 
Inoue.v to the extent of' our ability. 
States erect the standard or disunion, and place thetuselves only twelve hot.u•s in the town which it was 
ill rn;.litary array atrainst tho Governtnent bequeat.hed to us 
sent; and in almost every case, when the petition 
bv Olli' ancestors 
we can discover other honorable or 
was returned, it was rpturncd with the remark, 
patriotic resource than to test, both land and on ocean, 
tilC k"uil strength of tlrc Federal authority under our national 
5. Rcsolvcd, That we declare to each State of this Union 
our sincere desire to secure a renewal of that fraternal Ii?el- 
ine which ou"llt always to exist between citizens of eoni- 
Inon country, and which distinguished the history of the 
nation 10? than half a century. 
Especia}ly do ',ve 
express to those citizens of the southern States 
who have nobly and Inan€ullv exerted their unnost 
to prevent the catastrophe, of dissolution, our sincere grat- 
itude arid iiitrhest adtnira tion. 
if we had only had tilne to present it to the voters 
of the town, the number of signaturcs could have 
been doubled;" 
it' there had been tilne to see 
the towns mentioned are on the seaboard, while 
others are in the interior of the State. 
Sir, 1 witl ask that this petitiön may be read. 
It is very short, and it is due to such a number 
of subscribers as may fairly be considered as rep- 
resentin«y, to a great extent, the peop,e. 
le Secretary read the petition, as follows: 
T he 110 no rabie the Senate and 
House of Representatioes in Congress assembled : 
The undersigned, citizens of Massachusetts, and also citi- 
zens of the United States, faithful alike to each allegiance, 
believing that their sentiments towards the Union a-nd to- 
wards their common country have been misrepresented 
and misunderstood ; willing that all parts of the country 
should have their full and equal rights under the Constitu- 
tion, and recoonizing in the propositions of Hon. J. J. CRIT- 
TENDEN a basis of settlement which the North and the South 
may thirly and honorably accede to, and which is well cai- 
culatcd to restore peace to the country, respectfully petition 
that your honorable bodies may adopt the same. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, 1 wish 
to make a single remark. 'l'he fact that my name 
is mentioned in this petition creates not the least 
degree of vanity or selfish feeling on my part. 
No, sir; I honor this petition and these petition- 
I am cheered by such a voice, comimr up 
ers. 
from Massachusetts in favor of the Union of the 
people of this country. I consider it sirnply as 
an evidence of their attachment to the Union; and 
it is in that light that i think it is to be estimated, 
and that all the country, I hope, will hear the 
voice of twenty-two thousand of the voters of 
Massachusetts in one petition. We have had 
more than fourteen thousand petitioners from the 
city of Boston, containing only nineteen thousand 
votes. Sir, this speaks largely and loudly for the 
sentiment of that State—her patriotic sentiment. 
It must be accepted as such by all. However 
wrong they may be in their opinions and in their 
judgment, it shows hearts devoted to the Union; 
hearts that are devotcd to that Constitution and 
that Union which their ancestors so much con- 
tributed to establish. Sir, I feel peculiar and es- 
pecial satisfaction in presenting it; and will no 
longer trouble the Senatc with any remarks on 
the subject, 
I move that it be laid on the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER 
in the chair.) The petition will be laid on the 
table. 
Mr; SUMNER. As desire to sayafewwords 
on that petition, I move .tl'lat it be printed. 
These petitiönbiis, as I understand, ask you to 
adopt. what are familiarly known as the Crittenden 
propositions. Their best apology, sir, for that 
petition, is their of the character of those 
propositions. Had they known what they are, I 
tt•el sure that tl'ley never would have put their 
names to that paper. 
Those propositions go beyond the Breckinridge 
platform, which has already been solemnly con- 
demned by the American people. 
If adopted, 
they foist into the Constitution of the United States 
constitutional guarantees of slavery which the 
framers of that instrument never gave; which 
Washington, Jefferson , Franklin, Patrick Henry, 
and John Jay, if we may credit the testimony of 
their lives and opinions, would have scorned to 
give. Had any such propositions been made the 
condition of Union, this Union never could have 
been formed. 
Mr. Madison told us in the convention that it 
wyas wrong to admit into-the Constitution the idea 
tbern, a Illajority of the voters; of the town would of property in man; but these propositions pro- 
have been glad to sien it." 
r Che little to v.' n of pose to interpolate that idea; and, practically car- 
Natick sends the signatures of two hundred and 
fifty-ninc of her citizens. 
What the nun-Iber of 
voters of that town is, 1 do not know, it is the 
residence ofthe Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. 
G. Resolved, 'l'hat the Inost sincerc thanks of thc nation WILSON,] W' ho Will k now best. 
arc justly due to that distinguished patriot arid veteran, 
Mr. WILSON. Twelve hundred. 
Lieutenant General W/ infield Scott, ft)r the protnpt and de- 
steps tide Mr. CRITTENDEN. The vote of the town 
for the detennined spirit he has evinced in naaintaiuing the of Seituate, at the last election, •was three hundred 
i and fifty—one hundred and ninety-five being for 
7. Resolved, 'I'llat we never will consent or submitt0 the John A. Andrew for Governor. Three hundred 
from its source to its mouth, by any power hostile to the and eighteen sionatures on this petition are from 
the town of Scituate. Ballard vale, a little hamlet 
Federal Government. 
8. Rcsoh•ed, 'l'hat the Governor of this State is hereby I where woolen goods are manufactured, contains 
requested to transrnit. a copy of these resolutions to the 
fifty-four legal voters, and appends forty-one sig- 
President of the United States, to Lieutenant Generai Win- 
field Scott, aud to each of our senators and Representa- natures fro 111 that. number to this petition. 
tives in the Congress the United States, and to the Gov- -Wendell, seventy-seven votes were cast for John 
rying it out, they run a black line at latitude of 
360 30', and give a constitutional protection to 
slavery in ail territory now belonging to the Re- 
public south of that line; and to make the case 
still more offQnsive, and more impossible to be 
received at the North, they make it applicable to 
all territory hereafter acquired; so that the flag of 
the Republic, as it moves southward, shall always 
be the flag of slavery, and every future ucquisi- 
tion in that direction shall be Africanized; and 
all this by virtue of the Constitution of the United 
States. This is bad enough in an age of civiliza- 
i tion; but it is not all. Still furthÖr: 
they insist 
upon givino• constitutional guarantees to slavery 
in the national capital, and other places within 
exclusive Federal jurisdiction. Nor is this all, 
A. Andrew; and one hundred and seven of her As if to do something repugnant to just priuci- 
IGNATIUS DONNELLY, 
citizens have signed this petition. Cohasset gave il ples, and especially offensive to the people of 
President, of the Senate. 
Andrew one. hundred and twenty-eight votes, Massachusetts, they propose to despoil oar col- 
JARED BENSON, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
and appends one hundred and forty-two siffna- ored fellow-citizens there of political franchises 
Mr. WILRINSON. I move that the resolu- tures to this petition. Marblehead sends the sig- loug time secured to them by the institutions of 
tions lie on the table, and be printed. 
natures of five hundred of her citizens. Some of II that honored Commonwealth. 
