THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASm.NGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
the North. I love the South. I think 1 may say 
that I have every proper patriotic regard to every 
portion of my country. I do not agree to the 
doctrine that the North hates the South, or that 
the South hates the North. There are individuals 
in both sections who indulge such feelings. 1 have 
not indulged them myself; and do not believe it 
is true, as to the masses of the people anywhere. 
I see, in these petitions that come here for the 
existence and continuance of a fraternal Union, 
evidence grateful to my heart that that is not the 
sentiment which prevails in t.his country. No, 
sir; the people of this country love the Union; 
the people of this country are proud of this great 
nation. They have enjoyed blessirws under it, 
and they desire to preserve it. God and the 
country," is the great sentiment existing among 
our people in every section of our Union. I grant 
it. Every effort should be made that fraternal 
affection can suggest for the settlement of this 
question. Great sacrifices would not be too great 
a price to pay for Union. 
Sir, here we stand. Revolution, to a certain 
extent, has gone on and been successful. 
It will 
go on still further, unless those that are yet adher- 
ing to their duty shall' be satisfied by something 
that you will do. I do not speak of what I, my- 
self', would individually require, but what the 
millions that are represented here from States yet 
adhering to this Union require. You must have 
a great motive, I am sure, to perpetuate and to 
secure the Union as far as it still exists; and by 
means of it we may hope ultimately to restore 
every State of the seceding numberthat have gone 
I hope we may do it; I believe we 
out from us. 
can do it; but we cannot do it by angry debates; 
we cannot do it by heated discussions here; we 
cannot do it by criminations and recriminations; 
we cannot do it by denunciations. Depend upon 
it, that is not the way to do it. 
I wish to practice 
every degree of forbearance until the last moment 
of deliberation has been exhausted here, and until 
I find that no settlement can be obtained, that 
some fatal prejudice, that some fatal predeterm- 
ination on this subject, has destined the country 
to ruin and dismemberment. I regret every heated 
and excited debate that I hear on this floor. Why 
is it that gentlcmen begin to feel a particular impa- 
tience when anything said or done, or attempted 
to be said or done, in respect to that subject that 
is so much greater than all—the preservation of 
the country and the Union? Senators talk about 
the little busincss of Congress—little it is, if the 
country is to be ruined. Savc the country, and 
then administer to its wants; then provide for its 
necessities; then provide for the means of admin- 
istration; but that which is precedent to ail, and 
paramount to all, is the very subject about which 
particular impatience is manifested in this body; 
and we are told we should do the business of the 
Senate. We cannot shut our eyes to what is going 
on. We knos.v that revolution has dismembered 
the land already to the amount of six or seven 
States. We know that that fatal temperament is 
extending itself or liable to extend itself, and ye' 
we manifest impatience when anything is proposed 
or said in regard to a remedy for that spreading 
Mr. President, all that could bc said of them, if 
these resolutions were accepted, would be that the 
extreme regard which they have manifested for 
the preservation of the Union has impelled them 
to this error, if error it can be called; an error that 
certainly leans on virtue's side; an extreme anx- 
iety to preserve the relations of brotherhood which 
exist between them and the other portions of this 
country. That is the cause of it—an honest and 
honorable patriotic error, that does not deserve 
condemnation. It proceeds fronl sound hearts, 
from good hearts, who know of no sacrifice too 
great, who have no opinion upon a mere matter 
of policy, or a question of mere conscience, that 
they would not rather sacrifice or give, up or yield 
to the opinion of millions of their countrymen for 
the preservation of the Union. That is where 
these petitioners stand. 
As for slavery in the District of Columbia, that 
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1861. 
has existed a long time. That is one of the ob- 
jections which the gentleman urges. Why, Mr. 
President, that has always becn u disputed ques- 
tion as to its constitutionality; and all that-I ask you 
is, to let things alone; do not now, in this moment 
of trouble, undertake to disturb them. Let it re- 
main. Virginia and Maryland originally made 
the cession; and let it remain while these States 
retain slavery; and let Congress say it sliall re- 
main in the position it was when it WEIS ceded to 
them, unless Virginia and Maryland shall assent 
to the change. That is what is asked in this re- 
spect; and that concludes all his objections, ex- 
cept as to slavery in places under the special con- 
trol of Congress within the States where it exists; 
places for fortifications, places for arsenals, places 
for navy-yards—a thing too inconsiderable to be 
discussed now. 
Mr. President, I am •very sorry for the time I 
have occupied ; and without further debate, I shall 
take my seat. 
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President— 
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me one word. 
Mr. CLARK. I will waive my right for a 
moment. 
Mr. SUMNER. I have no desire to prolong 
this debate, or to occupy the time of the Senate. 
will make two remarks. The Senator from Ken- 
tucky is not aware of his ox,vn popularity in Mas- 
sachusetts, of the extent to which his name is 
there an authority, of the willingness of the peo- 
ple of that State to adopt anything that bears his 
respectable name. Ido not think tbatdistinguished 
Senator is aware of that fact; consequent,ly he is 
not aware how easily the people of Massachusetts 
may be seduced to adopt a proposition bearing the 
name which they so much respect; when, if they 
examined that proposition, they would at once 
reject it. Now, all that I would suggest in regard 
to these petitioners is that, under the lead of that 
distinguished Senator, they put their names to a 
paper which, think, they did not, in all respects, 
m all its bearings, in all its obligations, in all its 
propositions, fully understand. I wfil do them 
the justice to believe that, if they did know all the 
bearings of those propositions, they would not put 
their namc to any such paper. 
That is all I have to say on that point; but I 
wish to make one other remark on another. The 
Senator intimated, if I-understood him arigl'it, that 
his propositions, at least in his ox.vn mind, were 
not applicable to territory hereafter acquired. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No; do not mean to 
be understood as sayil'lg that. 
Mr. SUMNER. 1 understood the Senator so. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN, 1 said did notconsider 
t.bat proposition as an essential part of mine; that 
I did not intend to insist upon it, if I found it 
I did not intend that 
would not be acceptable. 
that should he any obstacle to an adjustment, and 
I would )ropose to strike it out, if necessary. 
Mr. SbMNER. The Senator did not consider 
that proposition an essential part; and yet in the 
Jo'urna\ of the Senate, which is now before me, 
in the yeas and nays, I find his name recorded in 
the affirmative on introducing those words, ' 
now 
held or hereafter to be acquired" into the propo- 
sition. There is the record; the name of the Sen- 
ator from Kentucky answering yea, when wc 
were all asked to answer yea or nay on that prop- 
osition. 
Mr. CLARK. I was one of those who voted 
vainst continuing this discussion to-day 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman 
allow me a single moment? 
Mr. CLARK. Certainly. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 did, upon the motion 
oc my colleague, vote for his amendmeßt, and 
would bc content with it; but subsequent reflec- 
tion, and the objections made to it here. and else- 
where, have satisfied me that I ought not, to ad- 
here to it, if it was to become an obstacle to 
prevent the passage of these resoiutions. That is 
the explanation. 
Mr. CLARK. I remarked, Nik'. President, that 
I •wras one OF those v..7ho voted against 
this discussion to-day. i did not believe, when 
NEW 65.F 
I gave that vote, that any good would tespltftom 
it; and though I have now tEikpn •theao-ot' to 
sume this discussion; I am still of the same opin- 
ion; and if the Sepate desire. to resume •Che •büsi4 
ness which Was undei• consideration yestcrdäy, Or 
any other business which may be Of-praetical imr 
portanee, I will cheerfully give way foe them so 
to do; or, if the Senator from Missouri desires-to' 
continue the remarks which he proposed to mike 
yesterday, I- will givc way for that purpose—any- 
thing which may bring good. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 will not interfere at all with 
this discussion. When the Senator is ihi•ouÉh, 
and the Senate resümes the cOngidea•atioh• df. the 
bill on which I took the floor, I then, propose 
address some remarks to the Senate; but a-tpres_z 
sent I decline doing so. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 hope the Senatof will 
allow me a moment. 
Mr. CLARK. Certainly. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 desire to suggest to. the 
Senator from New Hampshire that, instead of 
continuing this discussion, we take 'up the bill 
which we left unfinished last night, and proceed 
With our regular business. The session is very 
near its close, and we on this side will be held 
responsible for the proper bills to support the 
Government. 
Mr. CLARK. Then 1 will say to the Senator 
from Pennsylvania, if he will move to postpone 
this subject to any future time, so that I-may-have 
an opportunity of speakiog upon it, 'I will cheerp 
fully acquiesce. 
Mr. CAMERON. Then I move that this ques- 
tion be postponed until this day next week, at one 
6 'clock. 
Mr. CLARK. An earlier day; say Monday, 
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; I Will say Mon- 
day. 
The. PRESIDING OFFICÉR. It is moved 
that the further consideration of this subject be 
postponed until Monday next, for the purpose of 
taking up the bill wllic.h was before the Senate 
yesterday—the naval appropriation bill. 
The motion to postpone was agreed to. 
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. 
The Senate resurned the consideration of the 
bill (H. R. No. 714) making appropriations for 
the naval service for the year ending the 301h of 
June, 1862; the pending question being on con- 
curring in the followin« amendment, made as in 
Committee of the Whole, to add as ah additional 
section: 
,nnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Navy 
be, and hc is hereby, authorized. to' cauSc be constructed 
fbr the United States Navy, at ag early a day as praéc_icåblc, 
having due regard to efficiency and ecönomy, soven -steqm 
screw sloops-ottwar, oftile second class, as vessels. are rated 
in thc Navy, w•ith fun steam pqwcr, whose _drauoht 
of water shan not exceed fourteen feet, which sloops shan 
co:nbine the heaviest arrnament a-nd-greatcst Speed compat- 
above specified,-the sum of be, and the -sanie is 
hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the 'l'reasury not 
otherwise, appropriated, to be expended under:the direction 
of the Secretary of the Navy. 
Mr. GREEN. My. might be sup- 
posed that the line of my remarks is not appro- 
priate to the present bill now pending before the 
Senate; but, under tho circumstances crowing out 
of the character of the speeches made on the. pend - 
iog amendment, I think them entirely appropriate. 
The exact subject-matter upon which the Senate 
must now act, and to which the attention of the 
Senate ought to be directed, is, the propriety of the 
appropription of $1,200,000 to build seven new 
screw steamers ofcertain dimensions and draught. 
In itself, it would seem to be a matter of very small 
importance; but when the intent with which it is 
now urged is shadowed forth by its friends, it 
stikes the public mind With so much force that 
we cannot resist the occasion to meet thcm• in the 
proper spirit. At a time when the Treasury is 
depleted; at a time when there is po actual neces- 
sity thr an increase of our naval force; at a time 
when , unfortunately, we have been.driven into the 
market to borrosv nearly seventy million dollars, 
in addition to a proposition Co inpreåse the duties 
