1861. 
conspicuous, talk about war, and yet would be 
the first to run, do not amount to the weight ofa 
feather in the scale. Some of them are so large 
that they cannot run fast, [laughter,] and would 
only be shot in the back. 
But, Mr. President, it is our duty here to incul- 
cate a spirit in the minds and hearts of the people 
which will dispose them to actin the best manner 
possible. We are presumed to be representative 
men; we are presumed to reflect the will of those 
who sent us here; and acting in that capacity our 
woÉds are treasured up, however foolish they may 
be, and however ridiculous they are; and they are 
not simply attributed to us as individual mem- 
bers of the Senate, but they arc, often improperly, 
ascribed to the power behind us—the people we 
represent. Let us, therefore, be cautious in the 
employment of words; let us remember that this 
Union, as much as we love it, can only be pre- 
served by the same means that brought it mto 
existence. What are they? Was any State ever 
whipped into the Union? Then no State can ever 
hereafter be whipped in; else that will be a differ- 
ent Union. Was any State ever coerced into the 
Union? Then no State hercaftcr can be cocrccd 
into the Union; else that l.vill be a different Union. 
As the States camc in by their own voluntary 
act, they must remain in by their own voluntary 
act; and when they go out, as they contributed to 
pay the, general expenses for fortifications and 
armies while they wcrc in , every fortification wh ich 
is necessarily local, and within the jurisdiction of 
a seceding State, belongs to that State, and was 
intended for the benefit of that State. Sout.h Car- 
olina has as much claim to Fort Columbus in New 
York harbor this day as the United States has to 
Fort Sumter; and the same right to attack Fort 
Columbus as the United States has to attack Fort 
Moultrie; and I pledge you one feeble arm to act 
in a contingency that ntay arise as soon as the 
United States undcrtuke to attack Fort Moultrie 
or any other fort; and if they do Y10t surrcndcr 
Sumter pretty quick, it will be attacked on the 
other side, and It ought to be, for it is holding a 
military position within the jurisdiction of a for- 
eign State against the will of that State. 
I must 
say, that I commend the honor and forbearance of 
South Carolina; and she has done it to prevent the 
effusion of blood; and she has done it with the 
hope that the good sense of the people would come 
to a proper understanAing of the subject, and ad- 
just these diffculties on an honorable and states- 
manlike compromise, or a peaceful separation. 
The alternative, has been presented to us, and 
we are compelled to act upon it. 
I said, in the 
beginning of this session, that Congress would 
do nothing; that there was a feeling among the 
people that would drive thCi•n with hot haste; 
I thought South Carolina was too hasty; but, 
whether she was or not, she must be the judffe. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
867 
II 
I T,vas afraid she would be too hasty, and afraid 
other States would be too hasty. I wanted the 
whole of the States to consult; and I preferred 
that even Missouri, as remote as she is, should I 
be taken into consultation with others. 
I knew 
that her patriotic heart throbbed with emotion for 
this Union; but not that kind of Union which 
some Senators speak of when they simply say, 
" Union ! Union!" but a constitutional Union; a 
defying each other; one saying we can whip 
you," and the other saying we can whip you. 
Are we not ashamed of that, as statesmen? One 
tin•eatens to march an army down South, and the 
other says " come on, we wiil meet you." What 
good can all that do? Had we not better under- 
stand what we want, what we intend to insist upon, 
what ure will have, or separate; and if we are 
forced to separation, had we not better do it peace. 
ably than by war? One says, " Here is the great 
Mississippi, running from north to south, almost 
from forty-ninc degrees north latitude to the Gulf, 
and we cannot divide the Mississippi. 
It does 
not en ter into the question at all. The Congress 
of 1815, at Vienna, settled the question of inter- 
national law governing the exit from navigable 
waters. The question has never been revived 
since. Brazil undertook to revive it, with regard 
to the Amazon. She undertook tö make treaties 
with Peru, with Bolivia, and with New Granada, 
conceding her right to close the navigation of the 
Amazon. The treaty was rejected. The treaty 
was called a treaty for fluvial navigation. Mr. 
Clay, who was then our minister at. Peru, wrote 
an able argument against it. 
It was defeated in Bolivia, in Peru, and in New 
Granada, as conflicting with the established 
ciples of international taw, as settled by the Con- 
gress of Vienna in 1815; so that the question of 
the frec navigation of navigable waters is not in- 
volvcd in it. 
It is conceded that you may impose 
police regulations to prevcn t smuggling and fraud ; 
but you cannot stop the navi(ration. Hence, that 
question is settled; 
and I say to the whole Nort.h- 
west, entertain no fears upon that question. Mis- 
souri is as deeply i')terested in the navigation of 
the Mississippi river as any other State, except 
Louisiana; and Louisiana, by her ordinance of 
secession, which I have here bcforc me, has pub- 
licly proclaimed she wilk not intcrferc with that 
free navigation. Hence, these are mere bugbears, 
thrown in to timid persons, that we can- 
not cut off and divide the Mississippi valley. 1 
hope and trust it rnay never be divided; yet 
circumstances may arise, misconduct may be so 
great, oppression so intolerable, as to force us to 
divide"; and if we do divide, had we not better 
divide peaceably than forcibly? If we arc com- 
pelled to divide, had 'sve not better divide as hon- 
orable, thinking, and intelligent mcn, than as 
reckless brutes, governed alone by instinct? 
It is said by many herc that South Carolina 
has suffered no wroncr•, Maryland, Virginia, Ken- 
tuck y, and Missouri, have sufiln•ed it. 
I know 
that Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, and Missouri 
havo suffered ton times as much as South Carolina 
ever did; I might say a hundred timos as much; 
but tbc fhct that she acts in advance, whether we 
consider it hasty or inconsiderate or not, proves 
that shc is noble, patriotic, and true in 
her im- 
pulse. She is acting for our benefit. We tnay 
think a different policy would have better, 
as I do think; but it shows her regard for a great i 
question involving all of us together; and not only 
ail of us, but the whole of the human race. 
It is 
not a question of slaves only. The very princi- 
ple that wi\l permit them to attack one species of 
property against the Constitution, and break it 
down, wilf justify them in taking another species 
Union protecting the rights of the States, and the of property and confiscating that also. 'l'he agra- 
people of the States; and I am really tired of hear- I i pianism of the North will spread from the success 
of their attempt to break down slavery in the 
Ing Iono• memorials and petitions and speeches, 
I would South; und every property holder of New York 
with nothing but " Union!" " Union P' 
challcngc Barnwcll Rhett to answer whether he and Boston is as much interested in repressing 
is not in favor of the Union; I would challenge this attack upon private property as I am. Let 
Mr. Yancey, are you not for the Ijnion; and they the populace rise; let, the mob gather; 
let the im- 
would both answer yes,' 'with as muchempha- pulse be given to them, and they will sav: Why 
sis and sincerity as the Senator from Maine and shah one man have $15,000,000, and we stand 
the Senator from New York. But then I come 
here starving and begging for bread This feel- 
to ask the question, what Union do you want? incr will be engendered. Law-abiding, orderly, 
' 'The Union of the Constitution," 
they would good people ought, therefore, to repress c very 
thing that leads .to it. We of the South ought to 
say. " How do you construc that Constitution ?" 
repress it; you of the North ought to repress it; 
Then they separate. Onc wants one kind of a con- 
stitutional Union,andtheotherwantsanotherkind and, if it be not repressed, the consequences will 
of a constitutional Union. 
Now, Mr. President, as we have arrived at thiis 
fearful crisis in our country's history, let us have 
an honest understanding—either a Union about i 
which there shall bc no controversy with regard 
to our respective rights, or no Union, and a sep- 
aration. That is what I say. I have, come to 
that point, and I intend to act upon it. No Union, 
unless it bc a Union upon which we can all agree. \ 
1 do not want to be continually quarreling and 
come home to you in a more fearful degree than 
they can possibly corne to us. 
While Missouri has suffered So much, she has 
been the last to act; yet that State will act. The 
action, however, of Kentucky, of Virginia, I am 
sorry to say it, and of Tennessee, has been of the 
most disastrous character. 
it has done no harm , 
to Missouri; but it has stimulated northern men 
to make speeches, such as the KING of New York, 
very violent, domineering, demanding, threaten- 
ing, after he hears the returns ffbm Tennessee. 
am sorry that Virginia hag -lagged behind. •If ali 
these border States, as"they åré'cafldd2, had Come 
right up to the mai•k at' once, wd should (have bad 
a settlement, or a peaceful 'separation; and 'we 
shall never have it until that is done. 
Some persons say these southern States were 
precipitate. Grant it; I *will not Stop to quarrel 
about that, What are we to do? Take things as 
we find them, and' shape our action according to 
the necessities of thc case. We-do not make the 
rain; but if it rains we put up an 
our heads. We do•not make the sun shine, bilt 
yet we will raise, a parasol protect uS from •its 
rays. We did not make South Cätolinå go out 
of the Union: It may have been hasty, for aught 
I know. 'I will not say it was or not. What shall 
we do? Take that coursc which is bcst.ca\culated 
to preserve our rights, either in thee Union or in 
a new one. What course ought'-that to "be? For 
every State to go out together—I mean' all tlié 
slaveholding States. Do you say We desert our 
northerh' friends? No.' Our warm sympathies, 
our high admiration for them will be as lasting as 
time; but we can bcst serve them by serving d(u•- 
solves in this rna-ttår; bcchuse if thc fifteen States 
were all to recede from the Union, 'associate to- 
gother, and say to the North, " do this and we 
are with you again," 
the Nortli would concede it 
to us; but if some are going Off, and we aren hesi- 
tatino• and higgling and dbubting, it makes the 
North so confident in its power, that they say, let 
South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, 
and Florida go. Very well. Just as sure as you 
let them go, others will follow; and- what other 
Statcs will' follow? Every slaveholding State, ex- 
cept Delaware, Maryland, and Virginia. I hm 
afraid of old Virginia. She is •so hwtating, so 
timid, walking on egg-shells, and afrTd' she will 
mash them; but, just- as surc as you. live, if no 
adjustment on honorable terms is made in a sat- 
isfactory Inanncr, Missouri, Arkansas, and Kan- 
sas wills go. [Laughter.] Yes, Kansas. Do not 
be surprised at the use of that term. Montgotn- 
ery docs not rule there now. He can make his 
rams upon Missouri, and be driven back; they can 
make attacks from Iowa and be driven back; but 
the material interests of Kansas will force her to 
link her fortunes with Missouri. 
But for the hot-bed plan ts that have been planted 
in Kansas, through the instrumentality of the Em- 
igrant Aid Socicty, Kansas would have been with 
Missouri this day; and when these hot-bed plants 
die out—as they are fast dyincr out, and sending 
peti lions to the Senator from raassachusetts, be«y- 
cing for• bread, that they are starving—as soon as 
they die out, thc homogeneous character of the 
people-will gradually bring them back into the 
arms of Missouri. They are begging for bread 
and beg"ing for an independent State government; 
and then saying, " If you will not give us bread, 
give us land; we arc starvin«y.' 
I might ask the 
qucstion, can you cat land? ?butit shows it is all 
a trick, a fraud gotten up 'through" this Emigrant 
Aid Soc.icny. It will die Out. Every attempt at 
fraud will be exposed sooner or later; and this 
miserab\c attempt is now being exposed, and the 
people' arc beginning to Comprehend it. Even 
the traveling agents, who havc gone abroad beg- 
ging for contributions to relieve poor, starving 
Kansas, have received more rifles, more lead ana 
powder, than they have bread and meat. These 
are facts that I can prove in a court of justice. I 
know what I say; and no one who is acquainted 
with the subject will contradict me. Do you not 
see, therefore, it is all a preparation to attack Mis- 
souri? I was informed by the Governor of Kan- 
sas, two weeks before the thing took place, that 
he was in fearful apprehension that Montgomerv 
would make an attack on Missouri, or the Chet:- 
Okee nation, and so on down to 'L*e.xas, for that 
was a part of their plan. 
It was to circumscribe 
slavery and break it down through the Cherokee 
nation, through the Choctaw nation, througli thc 
Creek nation, in the borders of Arkansas, and 
then into Texas; and that plan is not yet given 
up. It is smothered; it sleepeth for the time; but 
it will be revived again, unless we are prepared 
to meet it 
Now, Mr. President, what Ought we to do? Live 
in what we call afraternal relation, yet compelled 
to keep arms in our hands, or submit to depreda- 
lions upon our property? At the beginning of this 
scssion, I propriety of havino• an 
bb 
