868 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 12, 
arrncd police, controlled by the States, paid from 
the Federal Treasury, to prevent these Invasions 
and cnforce the fugitive slave law all along the line 
separating the Élaveholding from the non-slave- 
holding States It was met with derision. Very 
well. When we divide, as divide we must, we shall 
have the same thing to do; but we shall have it to 
do in a larger degree. We shall then have to raise 
a. very large army, and a strong military force, 
each watching the other; and the slightest inter- 
ruption may lead to a collision which will involve 
the whole country in a bloody war. If my sug- 
gestion had been received, something might have 
been done; but my suggestion was only intended 
as a means to check action and give time for re- 
flection; for if the sentiment expressed by the 
North in the election of Mr. Lincoln is the set- 
tled judgment of the North, and if the practice of 
the North in stealing our negroes is the settled 
practice of the North, I would not livc with you 
one day; I_.would divide this hour, this minute. 
There are men, it is true, who say they would 
not steal a slave; but they would not prevcntany- 
body else from stealing one. Thero are men who 
say they have no objection to the fugitive slave 
law; but will they aid to execute it? Not one. Is 
not there, then, that dangerous, miserable senti- 
ment we cannot tolerate and live in unity with ? 
Perhaps it will be said the House of Repre- 
sentatives passed a very fine resolution yesterday. 
We have a right to notice the official proceedings 
of the House. They passed a resolution that they 
would not interfere witli slavery in the States, 
and also that they did not intend to do it, embrac- 
ing two points: first, they would not do it, and 
second, they did not intend to do it: Now, I wish 
to call the attention of the Senate to a little cir- 
cumstancp that took pluce in this body not twelve 
months aö. I asked the question of several north- 
ern Senators: why do you wish to circumscribe 
slavcry? Why does it affect you to prevent the 
expansion and spreading of it m new 'Territories? 
The answer was, by hemming it in, the slaves 
will gradually becotne so numerous, that slavery 
will become so unprofitable or dangerous that the 
master, perforcc, will emancipate—thus seeking 
to accomplish by indirect means the very thing 
they swear in the House they do not desire to do 
by direct means. That is the purpose of every 
membcu• of this Senate on the Republican side. 
If it is not, I would like for some onc to rise and 
r i'hey have avowed it. No one has 
answer me. 
I have charged it upon them. Some 
denied it. 
of them were honest enough to confess it. OLhers 
chose to sit under the charge, thereby giv- 
ing it a confession. Therefore, to say, We do 
not intend to make adirectattack upon your State, 
but we will bring to bear a train of circumstances 
that will break down slavery in your State, 
is 
just as base and as infarnous as if you raised an 
army to attack us in the Slate. You arc attack- 
incr the Stale of Missouri every day. 
you talk of enforcing the fugitive slave 
law, you know it is not done; and when you say 
you occasionally enforce it, you know ulso that 
nineteen out of twenty never come to the cogni- 
zancc of thc 
Mr. SEWARD. How would you enforce the 
respect to those that never come to the 
law in 
cocrniz.anee of the law ? 
Mr. GREEN. I will tell you. Your abolition 
societies fifty dollars a head for every one 
stolen and taken to the North. 
would punish 
those societies; and if - you were a Union-lovinc-r 
eople, und observcd your oath, you would do it. 
Applause in the galleries.] 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The galleries 
will be cleared, if the disturbance is repeated. 
Mr. GREEN. Why, sir, no ever had a 
good opinion of the law, whel'i ho felt the halter 
manfully, they have been cut down as with a tended to be very mad about it, but the Kentuckian 
sharp scythe, one by one, until every one must 
go; and why? Because there is a sentiment in- 
culcated there which is in direct conflict with their i 
opinions. You have got to go, [to Mr. BRIGHT ; ] 
you have already gone; [to Mr. FITcH',] and every 
one of you will go. Yes, sir, as the Senator from 
New York said, the " irrepressible conflict" will 
go on. What did he mean by that doctrine? I 
do not suppose he meant a bloody war, for he is 
not a man Of war; he is a man of words. What 
kind of conflict, then, did he mean? Why, acon- 
tinual agitation of the question, until they get us 
in such trepidation and fear that, out of regard 
for personal safety, we would sell our negroeS, or 
emancipate them, or run them off, and gradually 
work it down, Missouri first, Maryland- next, 
Virginia next, until vou crowd them down to the 
last extrcmity. That is the " irrepressible con- 
and yet his friends in the other House 
flict;" 
vote that they do not intend to interfere with 
slavery in tbc States. 
Can that Senator reconcile his doctrine of the 
that all must be slave or 
irrepressible conflict, 
nil free, with an honest understanding of the vote 
of the House yesterday, that they did not intend 
to interfere with slavery in the States? Can' any- 
body do it? There is a fraud in it. There is a 
system inaugurated to lull, to stop and suspend 
action in the border States; and if I had the voice 
ofa Boanerges, I would speak to old Virginia to 
rouse herselfup and go to work, and not rest upon 
fancied security, and not content herself with these 
vague promises, ail th rown out for the purpose of 
staying her action. So I would say to Kentucky, 
r l"ennessee, and North Carolina. For Missouri 
I need not speak. She is ready to act; she intends 
to act; and her duty and her Interest prompt her 
to act, and she will. 
Now, sir, it is for the purpose of trying to come 
to some fair understanding that we ought to dis- 
cuss this question, and not' to inflame the passions 
of either side. Iccnnme.nd the spirit that prmnpted 
the honorable Senator from Kentucky in offering 
his propositions, not because I hope any good rc- 
sull from them, for I do not. I desire a good re- 
If the 
sult; but do not entertain any hope of it. 
amendments hc proposes were all adopted to-day 
unanimously by all the States of the Union, and 
the same fi?cling continued to exist that now ex- 
ists in the Abolition party, and the same practices 
were kept up, they would not be worth o•nc single 
straw. As I said to the Scr)ator from New I•-larup- 
shire, [Mr. CLARK,] I believe it was, I say now, 
. received the 6800 reward, and gave the Aboli- 
tionist one half. 'I'hat is the only instance that 
I ever heard of where an Abolitionist interposed 
to catch a negro. [Laughter.] 
I am not tålking fiction. 
am simply statincr 
plain, naked facts to illustrate the enormity of 
the attacks that are made upon us. What would 
any northern man say if he had to pay such rc- 
wards for the recovery of his property? It is 
sometimes said: you do not recover all the horses 
that escape. No; but have you ever known an 
honest community employed in the business of 
stealing horses, or preventing the recapture of 
stolen horses? Yet you think your community 
is honest who are engaged in doing this with re- 
I own slaves jn Michigan this 
gard to slaves. 
hay. 
It would be worth more than my life to go 
for them. Will any Senator say he owns prop- 
ertyinMissouri,and that he is afraid togo aftcrit? 
Now, if this statc of things is to continue, if 
this feeling is to be permanent, had we not better 
separate? I say we have a retraction of 
northern sentiment, or a separation. There is no 
use of talking. We cannot have peace; we can- 
not maintain our trust; we cannot maintain our 
honor, unless there is that retraction. shall be 
the last to separate from the Union, if I can help 
it; but I think the more speedy the action of the 
border States is, the better the prospect of a reac- 
tion in the northern mind. I think so, because 
hear the ratnpant talk of northern Senators, since 
they see a probability that the border States are 
going to hesitate; and poor old Virginia is lag- 
ging behind, when she ought to have been fore- 
It is true, she was not fore- 
most in the work. 
most in the Revolution; but she came up man- 
fully to it. She has always been true ever since; 
but why this hesitation, this vacillation, and this 
doubtful position, which encourages the North, 
and dampens the ardor of the South? You all 
know this thing has got to be settled in one of 
two ways—cither separation or an honorable ad- 
justment; and say there can be no honorable 
adjustment, which will be satisfactory and pro- 
tective in its character, unless there is a retraction 
of northern sentiment. 
True, you may plant an army along the line; 
and my idea of putting that police force there was 
simply to put it there until the time for reaction 
had occurred, and when that time had passed, 
and no reaction had taken place, then I was for 
I was willing to resort to every ex- 
separation . 
pcdient—l am Ykn—to give the North tirne, place, 
the prescrit Constitution is good enough, as good and opportunity for repentance, for they need it. 
as want it, as good us anybody ought 10 desire 
it. We have not livcd up to it. Plain and pal- 
pnble provisi01'ls of it are violated with impu nity, 
and not a representative of that party in this 
Chamber will say ho will execute it. If they will 
not execute it, will they execute the Constitution 
as proposed to bc anaended by the honorable Sen- 
atop from Kentucky? Would any Republican 
Senator raise his iinger to execute the fucritive 
slave law then, any morc than he would now? 
You say you impose a penalty upon the States, 
if there be a rescue by a mob. As I have stated, 
the mob rescues one, and nineteen slip through 
law, and elude detection, and 
the fingers of the 
are spirited away through the instrumentality of 
those underground railroads; and fifty dollars a 
head arc paid for them by the Abolition societies. 
I have heard of but two being taken tor a Iono 
while; and I will relate that circumstance to give 
you an idca of the honesty and morality and re- 
ligion of some of the Abolitionists. 
One of them was livino• over in Illinois. Two 
nco•roes escaped from Missouri on one side of the 
river. There was a Kentuckian living close by, 
and the, owner went over to the Kentuckian and 
draw. I believe. that. is in Hudibras, somewhere. said to him, "I have offered #800reward for these 
two necrroes; they will be sure to come to that 
.Mr. ANTHONY. Something like it. 
it is not simply the Abolitionist's house, for he keeps a station on the 
Mr. GREEN. Now, sn•, 
courts, not sin•lply the liberty bills, not simply undereround railroad." 
'l'he Kentuckian went 
r llhese are over to the Abolitionist and told him about it, and 
the official acts, of which i complain.. 
but the bloom, as the miners would say, that blos- I said,." Now, I will give you half of the reward 
som out. It is the deep-seated mind, the sentiment if you will take them forme 
. " " Well," said he, 
'I will tell vou what I will do; it will not do för 
that has been inculcated at the North through the 
instrumel')talit.y of politicians, teachers of schools, me to catch them for you; but I will detain them 
tract societies, and everything that you can con- bere longenough for you to come and take them.' 
If' they repent not, I would then spew them out 
of my mouth. A would let them go; and I would 
resort to adequate means to protect ourselves with 
ourselves; and yet, when I did that, I would not 
draw the sword; I would not point a cannon to- 
wards them; I would not present a bayonet; 
would not make a warlike movement; but I would 
be ready for any action that they might take. 
think the time for settling questions by physical 
force has passed. 
In this age of Christianity, of civilization, and 
of refincmcnt, we ought to be able to discuss 
questions and adjust thetn by reason, by aBru- 
ment, by compromise, and not by military power; 
and no rnilitary power on land or sea ought ever 
to be used, except in self-defense. That IS justi- 
fiable. 
I would, therefore,' if I had the right to 
i counsel the southern States, beg them to bear with 
Fort Sumter for a time, though held by a foreign 
Government, to see if l.he question could not be ad- 
justed without force; butfor a foreign Government 
to hold a fort within our own confines, never 
i would concede as right. Let us keep the peace; 
let us practice forbearance; let us interchange 
opinions; an(l when we arrive at that point which 
satisfies us that we. cannot agree, that we cannot 
live together on terms of peace and equality, let 
us bid each other farewell, and separate as hon- 
i orable men, and not as belligerents. 
If that is not done, fearful consequences may 
If armies are to be brought in conflict— 
result. 
! the sturdy men of the North and the valiant men 
of the South, with all the improvements of mod- 
I ern warfare, with all the equipments and appoint- 
i i mcnts of well-organized armies—most föarfal, 
'I'he came there. 
He took them in; he bloody, and unfortunate will be the issue. I x,vouid 
ceive of, which underlies those popular political 
'I'here is not entertained them; gave them to eat; and sent his say: 
il')dic.ations, stronger than ali of it. 
one that dares run counter to it; and when our boy over to the Kentuckian, and the Kentuckian 
Oh. Heaven, my bleeding country savo ! 
noble friends over on this side have stood up so returned and got them. The Abolitionist pre- 
Is there no hand on High to shield the brave 
