1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
It is fcapfül to contemplate ; and yet, as fearful and 
unfortunate as it is, we are drifting along, not dc- 
signedly, but we are gradually drift.ing along up 
to the fearful catastrophe. How are we to arrest 
it? By such speeches as the Senator from New 
York has made? No; they stimulate opposition I 
I am practicing forbearance. 
on the other side. 
when tell you sucl) speeches as his are driving 
the country to madness, and doing more harm 
than he can ever do good in his life. So with the 
Senator from Maine, [Mr. FESSENDEN,] in his 
plausible manner of speaking. He, too, led off 
m a vein tending precisely in the same direction. 
Now, Mr. President, we have a fearful respons- 
ibility resting upon us. This Senate cannot amend 
the Constitution. This Senate can makc no ad- 
justmcnt. This Senate had better let the subject 
sleep. All that is said is calculated to stimulate 
one side or the other. We had better make the 
ordinary appropriations, and let the people and 
the States, through propei• conventions, undcrtakc 
It is no use to say that 
the work of adjustment. 
no adjustment can be made; it is no use to say 
It is a very doubt- 
an adjustment can be made. 
fut question to solve. We, as a Senate and as a 
Congress, can do no good; yet the motive that 
prompts the resolutions of the Senator from Ken- 
tucky is good, and I commend it only for this 
it may, perhaps, hold tbe countrv still 
reasoll : 
long enough for that reflection which will' bring 
the northern mind rieht. Without that change 
the northern mind, I would not accept any con- 
stitution to be associated with any such people as 
they havc proved themselves to be in the past. 
Ifwe can quiet the public, mind; if can throw 
out suggestions which will induce the North to 
pause and say, they will enforce the fugitive slave 
law, they guaranty us the protection of our 
rights, thcy will secure to us all that thc Consti- 
tution now promises; and if we sce there is a dis- 
indeed, I 
position to do what they say—then, 
would love this Union. We have grown with 
time; we havc increased •with age; we have pros- 
percd under every circumstance; we have over 
thirty million people; we have productions innu- 
merable; we have commerce, manufactures, civil- 
ization, Christianity, and advancement in all that 
makes a people good and great. War will re- 
verse thc action of all this, and throw us baclg 
war will brutalize; war will barbarize; war will 
throw us back more than a century, in the short 
It demoralizes the people; 
space of five years. 
it eats up the substance of the people; it brutal- 
izcs the feelings; and it is the last resort, but 
sometimes a fearful necessity. 
Now, Mr. President, the object of my few re- 
marks is this: as this proposed amendment to the 
naval bill comes at such an inopportune timc; 
comes when we have no money in the Tl'reasury; 
and comes from those who are refusing to dojus- 
ticc to little claimants because they have no IT)oney•, 
comes when we do not need it; and comes with an 
avowal that it is intended to coerce the weaker 
States—I think I am compelled to oppose it on the 
1 
gcncral principles which I have announced. 
shall continue to do so; and, whether successful 
or not, time will prove whether it wili accomplish 
the ends that the friends of the measure expect. 
No threats, no petitions, no demands but jus- 
ticc. Let the whole of the southern States act 
together as a unit, and act speedily, and negotiate 
with the North as equals. Sir, I would not take 
a proposition that we had forced upon the North. 
The North ought not to take a proposition that 
I want to ne- 
they had forced upon the South. 
gotiate as equals—the fifteen southern States the 
equal's of the eighteen on the other side. 
Several SENATORS. Nineteen. 
Mr. GREEN. Nineteen now; but that other 
one is going to be on our side; and that is the 
reason I lei Kansas pass so easily. Mr. Presi- 
dent, everybody desires an adjustment; everybody 
desires peace and harmony; everybody desires a 
continuance of the Union; but when we come to 
talk about what is the Union, and what are our 
rights in it, we commence to differ. Let us go to 
work and settle the question, if we can. Do it, 
and every slaveholding State will join at once. 
First. That any State has the right to Recede. 
Second. It that right is exercised wrongfully, 
the State alone is responsible. 
Third. When any State does in fact secede, all 
the fixtures in her limits belong to the State. 
Fourth. Every effort to save the Union and 
preserve the peace of the country, should be made 
before any other remedy is resorted to. And 
finally, when ali efforts fail, let us part in peace, 
and let each section pursue the course and line of 
policy deemed best for the good of the people; 
and to tho God of justice, not of war, I commit 
the fate of our beloved country. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is: " Will the Senate concur in the amendment 
made as in Committee of the Whole?" 
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays; and 
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted— 
yeas 27, nays 17; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bingham, Cameron, 
Chandler, Clark, Collmner, Dixon, Doolitilc, l)ouglas, l)ur- 
kec, Fessendcn, Foot, Foster, Harlan, Johnson of Tennes- 
sec, King, Latharn, Seward, Sinmons, Sumner, 'Ten Eyck, 
Thornsnn, rrrumbull, Wade, IVilkinson, and Wilson—27. 
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Clingman, Crittenden, 
Fitch, Green, Gwin, Hempkrill, Hunter, Lane, Mason, 
Pcarce, Powell, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, and Wigfall— 
17. 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. G WIN. I move an amendment as an 
additional section: 
and, bc it further enacted, That so much of an aet, enti- 
tled " An a6t 'naking appropriations Ibr the year ending the 
30th June, 1855," approvcd August 5, 1854, as requires the 
Navy agent at San Francisco to disc!-rarge the duties of 
purser as well as of Navy agent, be, and the same is ner•eby, 
repealed. 
I will state briefly, that in 1854 the Navy agent 
at San Francisco was required to perform the du- 
ties of purser at the navy-yard on Marc Island. 
Since that Limo, the navy-yard has increased its 
business to very large extent, It is thirty miles 
from San Francisco. It is the only navy-yard in 
the United States that has no purser. This is 
merely to repeal the clause requiring the Navy 
agent at San Francisco to discharge the duties of 
purser at the navy-yard, and to have a purser 
there, as at all tho other navy-yards of the United 
I have shown it to the chairman of the 
States. 
Committee on Naval Affairs, and to the other 
members of tho committee, and there is no objec- 
It is merciy to put ihat 
tion to it on their part. 
yard in the same, position as others. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. ANTHONY. Is it in order now to move 
tbc ainendment which was rejcctcd as in Com- 
mittee of the Whole, providing for an Assistant 
Secretary c,t• the Navy 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is. 
Mr. ANTHONY. i renew that amendment, 
and ask for the yeas and nays upon it. 
It was 
voted down by a light vote yesterday. I do not 
want to discuss it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
mcnt x.vill be read. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
and be it further enacted, That the President of the United 
States sbail, by and with the advice and cOuscnt of the 
Senate, appoint, froin tho linc of the Navy on the active 
list, an Assistant Secretary of tbc Navy, whose salary shall 
bc the shore-duty pay ofa captain, and who. acting under 
the authority and dircction of the Sccrctary of the Navy, 
shall ho charged with the discipline and efficiency of the 
naval service, with tbe detailing of officers, and with such 
other duties in relation to the administration of its affairs 
as thc Secretary of the Navy may designate. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. RICE. 1 should like to ask the Senator 
from Rhode Island if the appointment of this off- 
cer by the President will take from him his rank 
in the Navy. Can he hold two offices at once? 
Mr. ANTHONY. His position will be the 
same in that respect as the post captains, who 
are now at the head of bureaus. 
Mr. RICE. Are they confirrned by the Sen- 
ate? I think it is a question that should be looked 
into. 
Mr. ANTHONY. This amendmentwasagreed 
to by the Committee on Naval Affairs, unani- 
mously. It was proposed yesterday in the Sen- 
ate, acting as in Committee of the 'Whole, and 
I thought from 
voted down without a division. 
the course of the debate that the sense of the Sen- 
Let them come together in concert, make their 
propositions as honorable States to the others. If, ate was in favor of it, and therefore 1 have re- 
I do not wish to discuss it. 
newed it. 
then, we cannot agree, our separation is perma- 
Mr. RICE. I simply wish to call the attention 
nent and peaceable. 
This is my whole purpose; and I will state, in II of the Senator from Rhode Island to this one 
II fact: if an offccr of the Navy should be appointed 
conclusion, my positions: 
by the President as Assistant Secretary': Of Ohe 
and with the advice and consenvo'f:tbe 
Senate, does he not lose his rank for- 
mer commission as an officer of the Navy ? 
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me '-to 
answer ? 
Mr. RICE.• Certainly. 
Mr. HALE. I have never had my attention 
called to that point before, but I know what -tho 
practice has been. There wag Captain Ingraham; 
who was appointed at the head of a bureau. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. And there is Commodore 
Smith. 
Mr. HALE. He is there now; but Captain 
Ingraham served at the head ofa bureau for some 
time, and -after that was ordered to the .Mediter- 
ranean. 
Mr. RICE. Was he confirmed by the Senate? 
That is the point to which I wish to call attention. 
Mr. THOMSON. Captain Magruder was 
afterwards appointed, and his nommation bas 
never come before the Senate, according to •my 
recollection. 
Mr. RICE. Thatis the point to which I wished 
to direct the attention of the Senate.. 
Mr. HALE. The nominations of heads of 
burcaus, I believe, do not come before the Senate; 
and they do not Iosc their place in the line of the 
Navy by being appointed to those positions. 
Mr. CAMÉRON. As 1 understand it, the law 
which authorized the appointment of these hcads 
of bureaus only authmuzed thc President to take 
from the Navy offcers of a particular rank) and 
place them at the head of those bureaus which 
had in charge the business of the Navy. They 
are there in the regular exercise of their duty as 
naval omcers, just in the same way as .the Presi- 
dent could order them from one navy-yard to an- 
other. That is a very different matter from this 
proposition, which contemplates the making of a 
new offcer, t.o be selected from the Navy. Of 
coufse, if he is appointed to this place and con- 
firmed by the Senate, as civil officers generally 
are, he must leave the line of the Navy. 
Mr. GRIMES. i move to amend the amend- 
mcnt by striking out that portion of it which re- 
quires this officer to be confirmed by the Senate. 
Mr. RICE. i will say to the Senator from 
Iowa that his amendment does not meet the ob- 
iection. The proposition is to create an offce•, 
and if the President has power to appoint an 
officer of the Navy to fill this offce, and does ap- 
point one, that officer certainly loses his rank and 
commission in the Navy. It might be worded so 
as to give the President the power to detail an 
offcer of the Navy to perform certain duties during 
I merely make 
the pleasure of the Executive. 
the suggestion in order that the matter may be 
determined understandingly. 
Mr. PEARCE. I can see no reason why we 
should make this to a class of cases 
which are all on the same footing. We require 
now the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury to 
be nominated to and confirmed by the Senate. 
believe the law creating the AsSistant Secretary- 
ship of State required that in the beginning. 
was not so in regard to the Assistant Secretary of 
thc Treasury atfirst. He wasoriginallyappointed 
by the Secretary of the Treasury, without the 
confirmation of the Senate; but a few years ago— 
in 1857, I think it was—we passed an item in one 
of the appropriation bills by which we required 
that thercaftcr the Assistant Secretary oftheTreas- 
uryshould be nominated to and confirmed by the 
I Senate. Those captains who hold positions at the 
head of bureaus are nominated to and confirmed 
II 
by the Senate. Therc was one the other day; not 
a fortnight ago, the present chief of the Bureau of 
Hydrography and Ordnance was nominated to 
and confirmed by the Senate—Captain Magruder. 
I see no reason at all for this amendillent to ex- 
cept this new office from the general operation of 
the rule in all such cases. 
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw my amendment to 
thé amendment. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1. hope it will be renewed. 
It is perfectly competent for Congress to invest 
the President with the power of appointing any 
of these subordinate officers without the consent 
of the Senate. The Constitution gives Congress 
that power; and if there is any embarrassment in 
regard to his rank, about his being confirmed by 
i the Senate, let that be stricken out, and let him be 
detailed for this as for any other service. 
