870 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 12, 
Mr. HALE. That would notmeet the objection 
stated by thc Senator from Minnesota. r do not 
apprehend that the fact of -thc omcer being con- 
firmed by the Senate, or not, would affect it in the 
slightest. degree; because, as the Senator from 
Rhode ISIand well says, Congress may, by law, 
invest the President with the power of appointing 
offcers without sending their names here for con- 
firmation. The suggestion that is made by the 
Senator from Maryland, -I think a sufficient an- 
swer to this question; and that is, that the heads 
of the bureaus in the Navy Department arc nom- 
inatcd by the President, and confirmpd by the 
Senate; and they do not thereby lose their place 
in the line of the Navy. I apprehended that that 
was the-case; but did not remember it. Since 
the matter has been callcd up, however, my im- 
pression is that Captain -Ingraham 's namo was 
sent in to the Senate. 
Mr. PEARCE. Certainly it was. 
Mr. HALE. He was nominated by the Pres- 
ident, confirmed by the Senate, and served in thc 
Bureau of Ordnance, as an officer nominated by 
the Prcsident, and confirmed by the Senate, for 
scvcral years, and when they had done Wilh him 
there, he was transferred from that bureau, and 
Bent to the Mediterranean ; and he has lately come 
home from there, and resigned. 
Mr. THOMSON. If the Senator will 
me, I will road a section from the aet to reor(ranize 
the Navy I)epartment of the, United States, ap- 
proved- August 31, 1842: 
SEC. 3. ...and be it further enacted, That the President of 
the United States, by and with the advice and consent of 
the Senate, shall appoint, from the captains in thc naval 
service, a chief each of the. Bureaus ot' Navy-yards and 
Docks, and of Ordnance and Hydrography, who shall each 
receive a salary ot• $3,500 per annum, in lieu of an other 
compcnsation svhatcvcr in thc naval servicc ; and in 
like Jnauner, appoint a ellicfof the Bureau 
Equipment, and l{cpairs, \VhD shall be a skillful naval con- 
also appoint a cliicf 01' {hc Bureau o? 
struetor, and shall 
Provisions and Clothing, who shali each receive his 
services $3,000 per anuuen ; 
and shall in like Inanncr ap- 
point, f'rtnn the surtre.ons of' tbc Navy, a chief the Bureau 
or Medicine and Surgery, '"'ho shall receive for his services 
$2 500 per annum." 
It occurs to me that all this difficulty would be 
cured by a small amendment declaring that the 
President of the United States should have the 
pov„per of taking, from the list of captains in the 
Navy, a person to act as Assistant Secretary of 
the Navy. 
Mr. GRIMES. I do not •yvant it confined to 
captains. 
an officer in Lhc 
Mr. THOMSON. say, 
Navy." Will my friend accept such an amend- 
men t? 
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly. 
I think I can meet the views of 
Mr. HALE. 
gentlemen by proposing this, as a substitute for 
the amendment: 
'I'hat the Presid'ent. t.hc Unitcd States Shall appoint an 
officer in the naval serviec as Assistant Secretary of 
of bureaus in t.he naval 
Navy, in iikc rnnnner as the 
service. IVho shall receive an annual salary equal to the 
highest sea-pay or his rap; k. 
The amendment to the arncndment wus agreed to. 
'l"hc PRESIDING OFFICER. 
now is on the as amondc•d; and on 
th is question the yeas and nays havc been ordcrcd. 
The question being taken by ycas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 18, I'lays 25; as follows: 
Anthony, Bright, Clark, Collarner, Crit- 
tenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, (h•ilnes:, 
Powell, Silntnon.s, Sumner, 'I'en Eyek, Thomson, 
bull. and Wilson—18. 
NÄYS—Mcssrs•. Biglcr, Bit,ghatn, 
Bra Camcron 
Fitch, Green, 
Clingenan, 
Douglas, Fessenden, 
I-Jun tcr, Johnson of Arkansas, 
Gwin, I-Earlan, i{clnphill, 
Lane, Mason, Pearce 
Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, 
Sc,vard, Wade, and 
So the amendment vr'as rejected. 
N.h•. GRIMES. 1 wish now to offer an amend- 
ment in lieu of the one that v.ras offered by the 
Naval Committee yesterday, in relation to pay- 
masters. The proposition now offered is similar 
the officers so retired shall be the waiting-orders pay of their 
respective grades, as it existed prior to the passage of the 
act of Congress to regulate the pay of the Navy, approved 
June 1, 1860. 
and be it.further enacted, That ail vacancies in the corps 
of payunasters caused by the {Oregoinø section shall be filled 
in accordance with established usage : Provided, The num- 
ber of paymasters on the activc list shall not exceed the 
number authorized by existing laws. 
Mr. HUNTER. If 1 understand it, this is not 
to increase the number of paymasters; it only 
allows the substitution of others on the active list 
for those who may be permanently disabled. 
Mr. GRIMES. That is it. 
Mr. HALE. I am sorry to be obliged to differ 
with rny friend from Iowa, who is a member of 
the Naval Committee, on this proposition; but I 
am opposed to it entirely and totally on principle, 
and I think the Senato will be, too. Thisdoctrine 
of retiring offcers, and pay ing them salaries when 
they are unfit for service, has been confined hith- 
erto to officers in the Army and Navy, upon the 
ground that their special . service and education 
were such as to disqualify them fronl rcnderino 
any other service in the community than that to 
which they had been educated; and that when 
they have grown old, and become sick or infirm 
in the national service in that particular branch to 
which they have devoted themselves, it is but just 
that the Government should support them in their 
I do not agree to that prin- 
sickness and old age. 
ciple. I think it is vicious and wrong; but we-have 
inherited it from Great Britain, and I am not going 
I am content to have 
to run my head against it. 
it as one of the evils which we cannot get rid of 
at present, I think it is a vicious systern. 
These pursers, however, come under no such cat- 
egory. They are mere political appointments. 
'l'hey are men who arc picked up by the Admin- 
istration as a reward for political favors, with no 
particular education at all to qualify them for the 
place; appointed, generally speaking, for thc po- 
litical service which they have rendered to the 
party. When theyare unfit for service, they ought 
to be dropped. I supposc there arc some rncn who 
would be retire(l under this if it were 
in the Navy five 
ad01)ted, 'Who have not becn 
years. Thcy were not fit to go thcrc when they 
were put there; aud if you pass this amendment, 
I tbc effect of it will bc to pension for life men who 
are not fit to be pursers now, never \vore fit, and 
I am opposed 
never ought to have been there. 
to it from beginning to end. 
Mr. RICE. I agree with what the Senator from 
New T:lampshire 'has said. If you pension these 
pursers, or paymasters, as they are now calked— 
men picked up out of civil life, whose appoint- 
ments arc mere political appointments—you may 
go on and pension Indian agents, military store- 
keeljers, paymasters, and everybody else who 
holds un ofiice, under the Government. 
the amendment. will be rejected. 
Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to have any 
tro vers-y with the Senator from New I-lamp- 
snipe, or the Senator from Min nesota, anybody 
c sc, about this matter; for have no particular 
F intcrest in it. 'Vhe Senatc yesterdav decided that 
persons should be taken from civil Ii"fö, and should 
A proposition was then 
not be military men . 
before tbc Senate to take Hien from the line of the 
service; and think the Senator frorn Minnesota 
vot,cd against it. That imposes on the President, 
or whoever may havo the appointing power, the 
neenssity of taking civilians, and hc may take 
politicians for aught I know. I want to close the 
door a mainst his taking politicians; but you force 
him to do it; at least, you forcc him to take men 
from civil life and put them in these places. You 
must have somebody to perform the duties of 
pursers. You now have fifteen men in the Navy 
I acting as pursers, in direct violation of the law of 
to that in regard to sur('eons, and authorizes the I 
President to retire paymasters whenever they may 
become unfit for duty on the waiting-orders pay 
of their grade, prior to the passage of the last Navy 
pay bill, substituting new paymasters in place of 
those who may be thus retired. 
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows: • , 
".Phat Lhc President of the Ulli- 
.Rnd be it further enacted, 
ted States is hereby authorized to place on a retired Ii*t any i 
t•nastcr in the Navy who is now, or lna.v hereafter be, i 
proved to bc permanently incapabie, Crom physical or men- 
till infinuity, of further service at sca ; and that the puy of 
the United States. You havc eight men in your 
service who are utterly incompetent. This )rop. 
osition is simply to retire those men. As I said 
before, I do not care whether you do it or not. It 
those men, so as to (ret eiffht efficient 
is to retire 
men indieu of them. 
If it establishes a wron(' 
principle, vote it down; I have no particular in- 
terest in it. 
Mr. RICE. I will only say to my friend from 
Iowa that his State alone, or my State alone, will 
furnish pursers, by the, rnonth, at one half v,'ha.t 
the present pursers are get.lincr 
to discharo•e the 
duties, and run the risk of being dismissed at the 
end of cvcry calendar month. 
Mr. GRIMES. That may all be; but howat•e 
we going to got rid of these persons? They are 
here; we are paying them. If the President should 
exercisc the povver to drop them, there would be 
such a clamor raised by the Senator from New 
Hampshire, who now opposes this proposition— 
he would speak so eloquently of the enormity of 
such a thing—that the very roof of the Capitol 
would bc raised. We have seen examples of that 
before. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Ifi understand the amend- 
ment, it strikes Ine as a very extraordinary pro- 
I should like to know what reason there 
vision. 
is for this proposition as applied to thesc men, 
that would not apply to cvcry old clerk, to evcry 
old politician, to our ox-Prcsidents, to the post- 
masters ail over the country, and to everybody 
else that has ever fillcd an offce. Why is it that 
we should not maintain for life every man who 
has been in offcc, if the principle of this amend- 
ment be right? The Senator from Minnesota 
says—what-is truc, no doubt, of every State in the 
Union as weH as of his own—that we can got any 
number of competent officers for this kind of ser- 
vice who witl bc glad to take the place for periods 
of ono or six months, and expect nothing but to 
be turned out at the end of that time. ft is my 
experience, and I suppose that of most of the 
Senators here, that when you succeed in getting 
an office here for one of your constituents—this 
remark only applies to a portion of them—be holds 
on to his clerkship for a year or two, and then 
he comes to thc conclusion that he might make 
more by getting this particular offce of purser in 
the Navy, and he worries you for six or twelve 
months until you get it for him; and novv, when 
these men are to be turned out, you have to pay 
them for life. That is the amount of it. 
Mr. HALE. I have never had any experience 
in getting any ii. [Laughter.] 
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman has been 
on the wrong side. 
I do not believe I have got 
any in; butl have tried often, and been very much 
annoyed about it. Since I have been in Congress, 
1 think 1 havc novcu• known a single civil office 
abolished. We create them, from time to time, 
and increase the salaries; but no one is reduced, 
or ever will be reduced, perhaps. 
If it comes 
to that pass that men are to have offccs from 
time to timo, and the salaries increased, and then, 
when they happen to be turned out of a mere 
civil post that anybody can fill—or at least, a 
million of men in the United States think them. 
selves capable of filling this—I do not know what 
pass we shatl come to. 
Mr. GRILMES. 1 will the question of 
the honorablc Senator from North Carolina. He 
wants to know what difference there is betwccn 
the case of theSe pursers and Congressmen; an 
we are cyoinff to retire these crentlemen or) leave- 
of-absence pay, why we should not retire Con- 
gressmen? The difference is this: most of the 
Congrcssrnen are partially insane when they come 
here. [Laughter.] The men whom we propose 
to retire arc wholly insane, and have become in- 
sane while they have been serving the country on 
foreign stations. Severed of them are insane, as 
I understand. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then why not send them 
to the lunatic asylums of the country, and treat 
them as other lunatics? [Laugh ter.] 
Mr. GRIIMES. You may scnd them to luna- 
tic asylums; but after a man has been serving his 
country upon foreicpn stations, exposing his life 
an(l his health for the sa ke of the country , it seems 
rather hard that you should merely put him into 
an insane asylum, and let his family take care of 
itself. But I call for a vote. 
I am not particular 
about this thing. 
T hc amendment was rejected. 
The amendments were ordered to bc enerossed, 
and the bill to be read a third time. 
It was read 
the third time, and passed. 
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. GREEN. I wish to ask unanimous con- 
sent to withdraw a motion to reconsider the In- 
dian appropriation bill, which I rnade yesterday, 
so as to Ict it go to the House of Representatives 
to be acted upon. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
cptcrtain tho motion by common consent. 
Mr. GREEN. I ask consent to withdraw the 
znotion to reconsider. 
