872 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 12, 
this Government not to wish to see it placed be- 
fore the world in the aspect of a mendicant. 
Mr. PHELPS. Let the bill be read. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 will allow it to be read, 
with the understanding that my objection shall 
be considered as pending. 
The Clerk read the bill, as follows: 
A bill to authorize the- Secretary of the Treasury to accept 
guarantee from any State of stock ot• the United States to 
the aunount of public money deposited with such State. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House Of Representatives 
of the United St.;tes of anmeriea in Congress assembled, That 
the Secretary Of the 'i'reasury is hereby a,nhorized to ac. 
cept from any State a guarantee of any stock of the United 
States- which may be hercafter issued to thc amount of thc 
ptiblic moneys deposited with such State for safe-keeping 
under the provisions of the thirteenth section of the act 
entitled "An act to regulate the deposits of the public 
money," approved 23d June, 1836: Provided, Tliat nothing 
herein contained shall be construed to affect the proviso of 
the act cntitle(l An act to postpone the fourth instalhnent 
of deposit with the States," approved October 2, 1837, re- 
quiring the three previous installments to reniain with the 
States until otherwise directed by Congress: ..and provided 
further, That such guarantee shall in no event be construed 
or enforced as imposing any obligation to repay said de- 
posit beyond the obligations now existing by law. 
Mr. GARNETT. It requires the unanimous 
consent of the House to have that bill reported, 
and that consent will not be given while I am a 
member of this House. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have performed my duty 
under the circumstances. 
Mr. BARR. The gentleman from Virginia has 
done his duty by trying to bre&lc up the Govern- 
ment by leaving it without money. 
ENROLLED BILLS. 
Mr. RIGGS, from the Committee on Enrolled 
Bills, reported that they had examined, and found 
truly enrolled, bills and joint resolution, of' the 
following titles; When the Speaker signed the 
same: 
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 57) for the benefit 
of Duvall & 
An act (S. No. 111) for the relief of Aaron I-I. 
Palmer; and 
An act (S. No. 531) to change the name of the 
schooner Augusta to Colonel Cook. 
PETITION FROM ROCHESTER, NEW YORK. 
Mr. ELY, by unanimous consent, presented 
the petition of citizens of Rochestei•, New York, 
praying the Senators and Representatives in Con- 
gress from that Slate to use their efforts to recon- 
cila existing difficulties, and to offer such ample 
guarantees to all Union-lovincr men of the slave- 
holding States as shall bring us again into rela- 
tions of brotherhood and harmony under the pres- 
ent Constitution of the United States; which was 
laid upon the table. 
ROBERT STOCKTON. 
Mr. VANCE, by unanimous consent, from the 
Corxnnittee on Revolutionary Claims, reported 
back thc amendment of the Senate to I louse res- 
olution No. 39, directing the accounting oflicers 
of the Treasury to settle the accounts of the late 
Robert Stockton , quartermaster, , with the rec- 
ommendation that it be concurred in. 
The bill was read. 
It directs the proper ac- 
counting officers of the Treasury Department to 
settle the accounts of the late Robert Stockton, of 
New Jersey, an assistant quartermaster and for- 
age master in the war df the Revolution, and pay 
to his legal heirs and representatives such sum or 
sums as may be shown due upon sufficient proof 
of his services as quarterrnaster aforesaid, and 
for damages done bib property by the American 
Army, out of any money in the Treasury not 
otherwise appropriated. 
The Senate amendment was read, as follows: 
Strike out the words, and for damages done his prop- 
erty by the American Armv." 
The question was taken; and the amendment i 
was concurred in. 
Mr. VANCE moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the amendment was concurred in; and also 
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon 
. the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
LIABILITY OF SHIP-OWNERS. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask. the unan- 
imous consent of' the I-lousc to report back from i 
the Committec on Commerce Senato bill No. 437, 
to amend an act entitled " An act to limit the lia- 
bility of ship-owners, and for other purposes," 
I object; but I am willing 
that the bill shall' be read for information. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 will explain the 
bill in a few moments. It need not be read by the 
Clerk. 
A bill was passed March 3, 1851, and became 
then a law, limiting the liability of ship-owners. 
There is a provision in the fourth section of that 
law which enables those who become liable to the 
extent of their interest in a ship or vessel to trans- 
fer their personal liability, by an assignment, to 
the ship itself; that assignment to be made to 
trustees in behalf of the claimant. But it has been 
discovered that, when assigning their interest in 
the ship, ship-owners intertöre with their obliga- 
tions of charter-party, and delivery of cargo under 
bills of lading. Therefore, they ask that, when 
releasing themselves of this personal liability, 
they may do so by giving a bond, with sureties 
equal •to its appraised value, instead of 
their interest in the ship or vessel, and that all 
proceedings shall, from that time, be assimilated 
to those ordinarily taken in admiralty actions in 
rem. where bonds are given, as is proposed by 
this amendment. The object of the bill is to au- 
thorize a bond of such a description, instead of the 
assignment of the ship itself. The Committee on 
Commerce havc reported an amendment to the 
bilk)f the Senate, to make more secure,the inter- 
ests of the claimants, so that, whenever the secu- 
rity, for any reason, becomes insecure or im- 
pawed, the court shall, upon the application of 
the claimant, cause additional security to be given, 
or that the owner shall take no benefit from the 
act. 
Mr. STANTON. This is not the bill 1 sup- 
posed it was. I supposed it was the bill limiting 
the liability of ship-owners engaged in foreign 
commerce. 
The bili and amendment were read. 
Mr. STANTON. If 1 understand that bill, 
with the amendment, it releases the claim upon 
thc vessel and substitutes for it a bond. 
I think 
it questionablc whether any such thing as that 
ought to be done. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 answer to the 
gentleman from Ohio, that it is the usual course 
obtaining in all our courts of admiralty in pro- 
ceedings in rean, and never, within my experi- 
ence, has any damaøe occurred to claimants under 
such proceedings. We ask merely that the usual 
course of judicial proceedings be adopted in this 
case which is adopted in all others. 
Mr. STANTON. 'This is another step in that 
line of legislation which has been adopted of late, 
excepting ship-owners from liability as common 
curriers. The community who are interested in 
the transportation of produce have, by common 
law, a claim upon the entire property of the owner 
of the ship, and a licn upon the ship itself; and 
that lien is being let up step by step at a time for 
the benefit of ship-owners, and of those engaged 
in commerce; and [ think myself jt is a question- 
able policy, and I am-inclined not to adopt it. 
Mr. TRAIN. 1 object to that bill. 
Mr. JOHN COC1-1ftANE. 1 call the previous 
question upon the passage of the bill. 
Mr. TRAIN. 1 object. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is too late to 
make an objection now. The bill was read with- 
out objection, after my explanation. The expla- 
nation was full; and now move the previous ques- 
tion upon the amendment and upon the passacre 
of the bill. 
The SPEAKER. According to the rule, the 
Chair thinks the objection comes too late. 
Mr. STANTON. withdrew the objection 
upon the explanation of tho gentleman from New 
York; but when I came to hear tho bill read, it 
gave me. some. inklinøs that. the explanation did 
not; and had i heard the bill read before I withdrew 
my objection, I should not have withdrawn it. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Upon the 
tion of the gentleman from Ohio it was that I 
moved the previous question, he havinffannounced 
in his place that it was too late to interpose objec- 
tion. I explained the bill as fully as it was in 
my power to do, and as fully, I believe, as the 
bill itself could explain itself to any gentleman. 
If the gentleman from Ohio did not fully perceive 
the object of the bill, 
it was his fault, I think, 
cortainly not mine; but yet, I would not standin I 
the position of exacting from tho gentleman from 
Ohio such close attention in this presence as to 
acquire a just estimate of the hasty language of 
the explanation, or even of the bill itself. There- 
fore, withdraw the demand for the previous ques- 
tion, and •suffer the objection of the gentleman 
from Ohio to prevail. 
LOGAN ilUNTER. 
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask leave now to call up 
the bill for the relief of Logan Hunter, of Louis- 
iana. I stated to the House, on a former occa- 
sion, that this bill had been recommended by the 
Attorney General of the United States; that it 
had been recommended by the Secretary of the 
Interior; that it had been recommended by the 
Comptroller of the Treasury; and that it came to 
the House with the unanimous consent of the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
T be bill, which was read, directs that there be 
paid to Logan Hunter, late district attorney of 
the United States for the district of Louisiana, out 
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap- 
propriated, the sum of $5,000, in full for his ser- 
vices on behalf of the United States, as United 
States district attorney in the several prosecutions 
heretofore instituted in Louisiana against Narciso 
Lopez and ot.hers for violations of the United 
States neutrality laws, by setting on foot military 
expeditions against the island of Cuba. 
Mr. BINGHAM. [ move that the bill be en- 
grossed, and read a third time. 
Mr. KILGORE. Is not the bill open to amend- 
ment? 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 call the previous question. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. That bill is not in yet. 
I am not willing to vote for it until I know some- 
thing more about it.. 
The SPEAKER. This bill was before the 
House on a fbrmer occasion, and it wras laid over, 
with the understanding that it might be called up 
at some subsequent time. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Does not the bill con- 
tain an appropriaüon ? 
The SPEAKER. The bill was received 
time. 
Mr. BINGHAM. It went over as unfinished 
business. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. There was no agree 
ment at that time that the bill should be consid- 
ered in the House. 
The SPEAKER. It was the understanding 
that it should be considered Iin the House, as I 
am informed by the Clerk. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 would remind the gentle- 
man from Illinois that the honorable gentlernan 
from North Carolina, [Mr. BRANCH,] at the time 
I reported the, bill, moved to rexer it to a Com- 
mittee of the Whole House, inasmuch as it con- 
tained an appropriation. He withdrew that mo- 
tion, in consideration that the bill should be 
allowed to go over as unfinished business. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 
claim is now pending before the Committee of 
Claims of the House. 
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from 
Illinois allow remind him that this claim 
has been recommended by the different Depart- 
ments of the Govcrnmcnt; that its payment has 
been delayed some nine years, but has not passed 
by reason of the inattention of the Housc to the 
claim. There is no reasonable objection to the 
passage of the bill; and the question to-day is, 
simply, whether the Congress of the United States 
will postpone indefinitely the just claim of an 
American citizen. 
M*'. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I would ask 
the gentleman whether the prosecution of these 
people was not a part of lhe offcial duty of the 
district attorney for the ordinary fees? 
Mr. BINGHAM. It wasa part of his official 
duty; but it so happened that there was no exist- 
ing law by which his fees could be assessed and 
paid by the Department. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 believe the rules 
quire that the bill shall be sent to a Commitlee of 
the Whole I-louse; and I insist upon it. 
Mr. HOARD. I desire to say that this ctaim 
of Logan Hunter, and other claims of a like 
character, are pending before the Committee of 
Claims. 
Mr. SICKLES. Is the point decided whether 
this bill must go to a Committee the Whole 
House ? 
