1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
SPEAKER. The ne- 
cessity of such reference wras waived, upon the 
occasion when the bill was last before the House. 
Mr. SICKLES. If point was not made, it 
could not have been waived, 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move 
that the bill be laid upon the table. 
MI'. BOCOCK. I suggest to the gentleman 
from Ohio, that he postpone the consideration of 
this bikl. The gentleman from New York says 
tho claim is now pending before the Committee 
of Claims. Let that committee examine it', and 
if, at a future day, the committee say they have 
examined it, and that it is all right, the House 
If the gentleman 
may bc willing to let it pass. 
presses it to a vote now, it can hardly pass. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 have no desire to force a 
vote. I have no more interest in it than any other 
metnber of the House. 
The SPEAKER. be no objection, the 
bill will be laid informally on the table. 
M,. BRANCH. 1 desire it understood that 1 
did not intend to preclude any one from insisting 
that this bill should be referred to a Committee 
of the Whole. I never intended any such thing. 
No objection being made, thc bill was inform- 
ally laid on the table. 
Mr. MALLORY. On whose motion orat whose 
instance has the bill been laid upon the table? 
The SPEAKER. has not been laid the 
table. It has only been passcd by informally. 
THE DE GROOT CLAIM. 
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the unanimous consent 
of the House to offer the following resolution: 
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re- 
quested to conununicate to this I-louse the letter of John 
B. Floyd, late Secretary of WV ar, dated Novernber, 1860, 
relating to the claim of Wiklimn H. DC Groot, recorded in 
the War Deparuncnt. 
merely ask for the paper, that everybody may 
have an opportunity to examine it. 
There being no objection; the resolution was 
agreed to. 
NEW MODE OF SAVING UNION. 
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 ask the consent of the 
House to introduce resolutions adopted by citi- 
zens of Kentucky and Indiana, sucesting a very 
original, unique, and effectual mote of preservincr 
the Union; and that they may be read and laiä 
on the table. 
The Clerk read the resolutions, us follows: 
Resol.oed, 'I'hat, when there is no longer hope of saving 
thc Union, we, the citizens of Indiana and Kentucky, will 
not suffer the line of a new contOderacy to be drawn be- 
tween our States, since thcrc is no enmity existing between 
us as citizens. 
Resolved, 'l'hat we ask oft.he St.ates surrounding Indi- 
ana and Kentucky to adopt thc same rule of action; and 
by that Ineans kick the line, of division between two con- 
federacies eastward into t.hc Atlantic, southward into (he 
Gulf, westward into the Pacific, and northward into Can- 
The resolutions wcrc laid upon the table. 
110CKADAY LIGGET. 
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I ask the unan- 
imous consent of the House to report back, from 
the Committee on the Post Offce and Post Roads, 
Senate bill No. 551, for the relief of Hockaday 
& Licget. 
The bill was read. I.t, directs the Secretary of 
the Treasury to pay to William Ligget, for the 
benefit of Hockaday Ligget , the suin of $40,000, 
for dama«res sustained bv them in the reduction of 
their pay for carrying •the mails on route No. 
8911 
Mr. CURTIS 1 call for the regular order of 
business. 
CHILDREN OF ELIZABETII YANCDY. 
Mr. STOKES. I ask the unanimous consent 
of the House that the Committce of the Whole 
House be discharged from the furthcr considera- 
tion ofa bin (H. R. No. 778) for the reliefof the 
children of Elizabeth Yancey, widow of John 
Yancey,and t.hat it be put upon its passage. There 
is but a small of money involved in the 
bill, and it has been unanimously reported by the 
It does 
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. 
not pension anybody, but only pays a just debt 
which the Government owes to the heirs of this 
widow of an old revolutionary soldier. 
I understood the gen [leman 
Mr. BURNE'IVI'. 
from 10'.va to demund the regular order of busi- 
ness just now. If this is the regular order of 
business, it is all right. 
Mr. STOKES. floor. The 
Speaker recognized me before the gentleman from 
Iowa demanded the regular order of business. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten- 
nessee was recognized by the Chair. 
Mr. BURNETT. well, 1 now call for the 
regular order of business. 
PACIFIC RAILROAD. 
The SPEAKER. That is an objection to the 
bill of the gentleman from Tennessee. The reg- 
ular order of business is the consideration ot• the 
amendments of the Senate to House bill No. 701, 
to secure contracts, and make provisior) for the 
safe, certain, and more speedy transportation, by 
railroad, of mails, troops, munitions of war, mil- 
itary and naval stores, between the Atlantic States 
and those of the Pacific, and for other purposes. 
Mr. CURTIS obtained the floor. 
ABSTRACTION OF GOVERNMENT BONDS. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The hour of one 
o'clock has nearly arrived; and before the Housc 
roeeeds to the regular order of business, proba- 
Ely I had better submit the report of the select 
committee appointed to investigate the frauds 
which have recently been perpetrated in the Inte- 
rior Department. 
Mr. CURTIS. How much time will it occupy? 
The SPEAKER. Jf there is no objection, the 
Chair will receive the report. 
Mr. SICKLES. It is understood that the re- 
port is not to be considered now. 
The SPEAKER. It will only be received. 
Mr. CURTIS. I will give way, if it is only to 
be received. 
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of the 
report'. 
I think I have the 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
floor; and I desire to say a few words. 
Mr. CURTIS. I believe I have the floor. 
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman from Illinois 
has the floor, he must have it on thc Pacific rail- 
road bill. 
I would say to the 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
gentleman from Iowa that this report is n special 
order, made so by a resolution which passed the 
House yesterday unanimously; and that, conse- 
quently, it supersedes his bill. 
The SPEAKER. if there is any difficulty, the 
Chair will receive the report; but that is. all at 
present. 
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of the 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 will occupy but 
a few moments. 
Mr. BURCH. 1 must, object to any on 
the report at this time. The Pacific railroad bill 
is the speciat order for to-day. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois 
has a right to explain to the Chair the reasons 
why he supposes that his report has priority over 
the Pacific railroad bill. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 raise the point of order that 
the gentleman from Illinois cannot occupy the 
floor and make his explanation. 
The SPEAKER. The order made yesterday 
will be read. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
On motion of Mr. ISAAC N. MORRIS, by unanimous 
conseut., 
man from Illinois Whether, the circum- 
stances of the case, it is not better for him to Sub- 
mit his report, and let it be printed, and let us all 
In the mean 
have an opportunity to examine it. 
, time, we can go on with the Special Order -Which 
the gentleman from J oiva has in charge'. Is it 
not premature at this timo to debate* the Feport ? 
In fact, has the gentleman from Illinois the right, 
under the order of the House, to debate it? 
I merely wish to 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
say, in reply to the gentleman from Vir- 
•inia, that 1 havc not yet submitted the report. 
have not said one word in regard to its merits. 
But I did say that the report was unanimously 
agreed to by the committee. 
.1 wish also •to say, 
in behalf' of the committee, that in our prosecu-• 
tion of this investigation we have endeavored to 
economize both in time and money, and that the 
whole cxponses incurred will be nbout $1,750. 
Mr. HASKIN. Will the gentleman from Illi- 
nois yield to me for a moment? 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Yes, sir. 
Mr. CURTIS. 
ing the floor to any one. 
Mr SICKLES. I object to anybody taking the 
floor on this subject, except the gentleman from 
I suggest to him that he make his report 
the special order for some time that may be con- 
venicnt to himself. 
Mr. HASKIN. I desire to say that as the 
making of this report— 
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order. 
The gentleman from Illinois cannot yield the floor, 
because he only has it himself for the purpose of 
submitting his report. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair should like to 
know whether the gentleman from Illinois intends 
to send up his report? 
Mr. HASKIN. The gentleman from Illinois 
has yielded the floor to me. 
Mr. MORRIS, The gentleman from 
Iowa will allow mc to send up the report. As I 
before remarked, there seems to be some disin- 
•clination to receive it. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 hope the report will be 
received and read. 
Mr. HASKIN. 1 ask for the reading of the 
It will explain to the country the causes 
report. 
that have induced the Secretary of the Treasury 
to send in tl'le letter which was read here this 
morning. It is the most important report made 
to Congress at this or any other session; and I 
hope it will be read. [Calls to order.) 
insist that the report shall be read. It has 
been handed up to the Clerk's table; and, as a 
member of chis body, I have a right to have it 
read. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 hope the I-louse will be 
brought to order, so that we can proceed with 
business. 
Mr. HASKIN. 1 call for the reading of the 
special re ort. 
I Mr. M8RRIS, of Illinois. At the suggestion 
of several members near me, I shall not submit 
the report, unless it be read to the House. Many 
mcmbers are desirous of hearing it read; and I 
hope the gentleman from Iowa will not press his 
objection. 
Mr. PHELPS. How long will the reading of 
the report occu y? 
Mr. MORRÆ, of Illinois. About a three quar- 
ters of an hoar. 
Mr. HASKIN. I insist on the reading of the 
Rcso&vcd, That the select cornmittec raised to inquire 
into the facts in regard to the abstraction of certain bonds report. It proves the necessity of passitp the bill 
from the Interior Department, have leave to report to-mor- which was offered to be introduced this morning 
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and 
row, the 12th instant, at one O'clock." 
Mr. BURCH. The gentleman has made his Means; and exposes the reason why the Treas- 
ury is empty. I insist that I have a right, as a 
report. 
Mr. SICKLES. There is no objection to the member of this House, to hear the report read. 
report, but there is to its consideration at this The report was made the special order for to-day 
am surprised that gentlemen 
at one o'clock. 
time. 
The SPEAKER. T hc gentleman has a right should be opposed to having this information con- 
to make his report, and it will be considered ailer veyed to the country. 
The SPEAKER. There is a special in 
the other inatter shall have been disposed of. 
I have no disposi- advancc of this one; and when that is disposed 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
tion to thrust this report upon the House. They of this will come up, and the report can be read. 
Mr. HASKIN. I do propose that the 
have already passed a resolution to receive it. 
portshall be considered now; butl propose to have 
the House docs not wish it submitted, I am will- 
ing to withhold it. We were appointed to make it read from the Clerk's desk for information. 
this investigation, and are ready to make the re- 
I desire, also, to say, in this connection, 
port. 
that the report has been unanimously agreed to 
by the cornmittec. 
Mr BOCOCK. 1 would the 
[Calls to order.] 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 rise to a point oforder. 
Mr. HASKIN. the report be read. 
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair decides the 
genllcman is not entitled to have it read now. 
