874 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 12, 
Mr. HASKIN. I appeal from the decision of 
the Chair. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 move to lay the appeal on 
the table. 
Mr. BURNETT. How can the gentleman ap- 
peal from the decision of the Chair unless the re- 
port be first submitted? I do not understand the 
gentleman from Illinois ag having submitted it 
yet. There can be- no appeal till the report is 
offered. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken- 
tucky will understand that the report has been 
received. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I conceive that I 
have some little rights here, particularly as a mom- 
berdfthe select committee. The resolution which 
I offered yesterday to make this a special order 
for, One-o'clock to-day certainly supersedes in its 
effect any special order that was previously made. 
Hence, when I submit the report, and when its 
reading is called for, the gentleman from Iowa is 
clearly out of order in objecting to it, and endeav- 
oring to break down the special order of yester- 
day. The special order on the Pacific railroad 
bill does not precede, but follows, that which was 
made yesterday. 
Mr. HASKIN. I have the floor—have I not? 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided the 
question; and the gentleman from New York is 
entitled to take an appeal. 
Mr. HASKIN. Then 1 do appeal from 
the decision of the Chair; and I hope the appeal 
will be sustained by the House. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the 
ground of his decision. There is a special order 
ending, in of the gcntleman from Iowa, 
Mr. CURTIS.] 51%he gentleman from Iowa has 
the floor assiTncd him by the Chair, on the Pa- 
cific railroad i)ill. After the gentleman got the 
floor, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. MORRIS] 
claimed the right to make his report, saying that 
there was a special order to that effect. The Chair 
thinks he cannot take the floor from the gen tlcman 
from Iowa, nor supersede the special order that 
was then under consideration; but, as soon as 
this special order is disposed of, thc report of thc 
select committee will be in order. 
Mr. A DRAIN. I move that the special order 
on the Pacific railroad bill be postponed till after 
the reception and reading of thc report made by 
the gentleman from Illinois. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New 
Jersey has not, the floor for that purpose. The 
gentleman from New York [Mr. HASKIN] appeals 
from the decision of the Chair. 
Mr. SICKLES. I move to lay the appeal on 
thc table. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Iwantto make 
additional remark, if the gentleman from Iowa 
will yield me thc floor for that purpose. 
I think 
thc Chair has misapprehended thc order of facts. 
When the gentleman froin Iowa stated that hc 
(lcmanded the special order, it was two or three 
minutes befm•c one o'clock. 
I arose stated 
that a special order had been made by the House 
yesterday to receive the report of thc select com- 
Illittec on the abstracted bonds at one o'clock; 
and inasmuch as it was about that time, I was 
desirous, beföre the special order, or the Pacific 
railroad bill, 01' the regular order of business 
should comc up, to get the floor to subrnit the rc- 
port of the select committee.. Hence the gcntle- 
man from Iowa waived his right, even if hc had 
the precedence, to enforce his claim in favor of 
the special order which he has specially in charge. 
Under these circumstances, again repeat that I 
think there is a misapprehension in regard to the 
order of facts, and that the report which I sub- 
mitted at one o'clock is now before the House for 
consideration. 
I desire to extend every courtesy 
to the gentleman from Iowa; but let me tell him 
that there is as much interest felt in this report, 
and in the facts pertaining to the abstraction of 
bonds from the Interior Department, as there is 
in his bill, and a good deal more, although the 
gentleman from Iowa seems to have that one dis- 
tinct idea in his head, and thinks of nothing else 
from day to day and from hour to hour, büt the 
Pacific railroad, which is t.o deplete the Treasury 
of 
Nir. CURTIS. 1 thank the gentleman for the 
cornplimcnt hc pays rne. wish to say, in regard 
to his own rcport, that I gavc way for him to pre- 
sent it. 
I extended to him all the courtesy due 
to his report. The Chair has decided that he had 
a right to report. He has reported; and the gens 
tleman may have it ordered to be printed. 
The gentleman 's report will come in immedi- 
ately after the Pacific railroad bill shall have been 
disposed of. I think that, inasmuch as the gen- 
tlernan 's report requires no action, while actionis 
required upon the Pacific railroad bill, we should 
go on with tho consideration of that bill. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is this appeal debat- 
able ? 
The SPEAKER. It is not. The Chair will 
remark that the report of the gentleman from Illi- 
nois was not made a special order. Leave to 
report was merely given. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 would suggest 
that the report bc printed, and be allowed to ap- 
pear in the columns of the Daily Globe. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that the 
Pacific railroad bill was made the special order for 
to-day. The report of the gentleman from Illi- 
nois was not made a special ordcr, but loave was 
given him to report. The Chair has given him 
leave, and the report bas been received; but the 
Chair does not feel authorized to suspend the 
special order for the consideration of that report. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 make this point of 
order 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that 
there is one point of order pending, which has 
not been" disposed of. 
Mr. HASKIN. I ask for the vote upon my 
appeal. 
Mr. SICKLES. There is no appeal pending. 
It could not have been received, because there 
was nothing before the House on which an appeal 
could be based. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. My point of ordcr is 
this: I understand the Chair to say that he has 
received thc report of the gentleman from Illinois. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair did so state. 
Mr. Now 1 insist on know- 
ing whether the gentlcmn.n has reported or not; 
and that can only be ascertained by the reading of 
the report. 
N.lr. HASKIN. That is the point. 
The SPEAKER. Chair does not think 
it is the right of the gentleman to have his report 
read. 
Mr. I-I ASK IN. The gentlenn,ll) from Iowa has 
stated to rnc that hc yielded to the gentleman from 
Illinois to make his report at onc o'clock. 
was carried to the Clerk's table; but. until 
that report is read, it is impossible for the House 
to ascertain that a report has been madc. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 would the gen- 
tleman from Iowa, that he will probably expedite 
his business by allowing t.hc report of the gentle- 
man from Illinois to bc read. 
Mr. CURTIS. Ifthé House will allow me, 1 
was going to say, that as gentlemen seem determ- 
ined to consumc thc hour anyhow, I am willing, 
as a matter of economy, that the report shall be 
I hope, therefore, that without any further 
consumption of time, thc report will be read. 
SPEAKER. The suggest, that 
in order to proceed regularly, it will bc necessary 
to suspend the special order. 
Mr. CURTIS. ri'hen, 1 hope the special order 
will bc post oned for that purpose. 
Mr. SICÆLES. With the understanding that 
it is not to be considered at this time. 
The SPEAKER. There being DO objection, 
the special order will be suspended with that un- 
derstanding. 
Mr. HÆSKIN. 1 then withdraw my appeal 
from the decision of the Chair. 
Mr. CASE. I desire to say that I was in- 
structcd, as one of the members of the committee, 
to prepare certain bills to be reported to the House, 
but my health has been such for two or three days 
I past that I have not been able to do so, and I ask 
the permission of thc I-!ouse to present them ata 
future timc. 
The report was then read, as follows: 
I The select eonnnittee, to whori was rc (erred the resolu- 
tion of the f louse, adopted on the 24th day of 
last, directing thern to inquirc into and report the facts in 
relation to the f"audulent abstraetiou of certain bonds held 
I bv the Govern:ncnt in trust tire 
Indian tribes from thc 
T)epart noel! t. of lhc and to were also refen•cd 
the connnnnicalion or John B. Ftovd, late Secretary 
. late sec- 
and 
rotary ot• tho interior, beg leave respectt•aliy to report : 
'I'hat, upon the (lay of' heir appointment, they repaired to 
che h:t.eriut• Deparuncnt, and held an interview with Hon. 
Jacob Thompson, then Secretary of said Department, and 
expressed to him their desire to enter upon the duty as- 
signed them at as early aperiod as would comport With his 
convenience, and be consistent with the public interest. 
Three days thereafter, and as soon as they were authorized 
to employ a stenographer, your committee organized, and 
hnve labored to bring their investigation to an early termin- 
ation, with a diligence that has been quickened by an ap- 
preciation of the grave character of the subject committed 
to them, and of tho interest felt by the House and the coun- 
try in its remarkable details. 
It soon became evident that the mere abstraction of cer- 
tain bonds from the Interior Department, a fact easily 
ascertained and indeed admitted by the person who took 
them, was an incident of minor importance in comparison 
with the transactions preceding and connected with that 
act, and your committee therefore considered it incumbent 
upon them to trace as accurately and thoroughly as possi- 
ble, through the tortuous windings of vast and complicated 
interests, and extensive, though concealed, raynifications, 
the mot.ives and purposes and deeds of those who have 
been the patties to a daring and unprecedented fraud upon 
one of the Departments of the Government. rn vicw of 
the magnitude of the offense and the great loss involved, 
they have regarded themselves ful}y justified in pushing 
the investigaiion to the furthest limit of the authority vested 
in them. 'I'he want of time, rather than the lack of zeal, 
has prevented them from obtaining akl thc information they 
desired; yet enough has been ascertained to satisfy, in 
their opinion, the material inquiries with which they were 
charged by the House, as they think will appear from a 
succinct account of the evidence that has been adduced 
before them. 
THE INDIAN TRUST BONDS. 
By reterence to the abstract marked A herewith 
transmitted, it will be seen that the Government still holds 
State bonds and certificates and United States stocks for 
certain Indian tribes to the amount of $2,525,241 82. 'l'hese 
bonds, as well as the eight hundred and seventy abstracted, 
and one Indian bond handed to Hon. G. N. FITL'H, and not 
returned by him to the Department, for reasons assigned in 
his correspondence with Godard Bailey, •were purchased 
from time to time by authority of law with the money of tho 
Indians arising t'ron) treaty stipulations. Originally, they 
were in charge of the Indian bureau, while that bureau was 
connected with the Departtnent of War, and remained in 
its custody after it becazne one of the bureaus of the Interior 
Department in 1849, and from that tiune up to 1857. In that 
year the custody of the securities v.vas transförred to the Sec- 
retary of the Intcrior. 'I'he Government having the bonds 
in its possession, was the trustee for the Indians, who were 
the actual owners of them ; and presuming that its agents 
havc cxcrcised ordinary diligence and care as their custo- 
dians, the question arises as to the extent of its liability for 
their loss. 
Your committee do not, however, propose to pursue that 
inquiry, as they cannot doubt that a great and Inagna•ni- 
mous Government will not permit those have com- 
Initted thcmsclves to its protection to be robbcd by its of- 
ficers or employés, without making prompt and ample 
compensation. Yet the disregard of these fiduciary obliga- 
tions would seem to aggravate the turpitude of the offender 
whose felonious hand could rifle so sacred a trust. Such 
an act furnishes most melancholy evidence of the decay of 
public virtue, and will remain a blot upon our history, and 
an indication of our downward career. 
In this respect it 
Inatters but little who was the transgressor. 
'Che tact of 
the connnission of the act, at a moment when we thought 
we had reason to boast of our good faith and int.egrity, will 
romain fixed in the public mind, and be remembered as a 
dark offense when its guilty perpetrators have been long 
forgotten. 
THE MANNER OF KEEPING THE BONDS. 
Under previous Administrations the bonds were placed in 
the immediate charge of some clerk, selected for his integ- 
rit.y and capacity, who kept them in a safe in Ibe Indian 
office. No stanl[) or other mark of designation was placed 
upon any of them, with the exception of a small portion, 
and tbc only safeguard the Government had was the faith- 
fukness and honesty of tnc person intrusted with their keep- 
ing. So careless a mode of transacting the public business 
ankl administering a trust so delicate and important, as- 
tonnds us by tho Inagnitude of its fi)liy. Neither the Com- 
rnissioncr of Indian Affairs nor tho Secretary of the Interior 
over counted the bonds in person, and the only information 
that either of them could have possessed touching th•eir 
safety was the payinent of tt1C coupons every six Inonths. 
and such examillations as they occasionally chose to order 
to be Inade by others. Fortunately for the Goveunnetlt, 
however. no loss was sustained durinr previous Adliliois- 
l.rations; nor is there the slightest ground to believe that 
I-Ion. Robert McClelland, 
of Michigan, former Secretary 
of thc Interior, whosc supervision of the trust while it re- 
mained in thc Indian office has been called in quesUon, 
and whose letter was referred to your committee, acted at 
any time in any way unthithfuk to it. On the contrary, 
t.be evidence of Mr. Henry Beard cniirely exonerates hini 
frorn any blame, further than the expression already made 
by the committee of their opinion of the modc in which 
the business was generally managed. 
tary exorcised the greatest watchfulness and care ; for it 
is hot within their province to institute such aminvestiga- 
tion. "I'hose desirous of further intörtnat.ion can obtain it 
from the rccords of the Interior Department. Still, they 
deem it but justice to add that they have discovered noth- 
ing to involve the late Secretary, Ilon. .Jacob 'l'ho:npson, 
in the slightest degree in the fraud, and nothing to indi- 
eate that be had any cornplieit_v in the abstraction, or that 
he had any knowledge of it until the time of the disclosure 
by Godard Bailey. Soon after hc entered upon the dillies 
of his office, at the connncncelncnt of the present Admin- 
istration, ho appointed two additional disbursing clerks for 
his Dcpartrnellt, one ot' whoa-I was Mr. Baiiey, who wras 
placed tn charge of the Indian trust bonds. 
Ilis letter of 
appointrnent. signed by J, '['hompson, Secretary, bears date 
I July l, 1857, and, among other things, says: 
Under this ap- 
pointnnent desire particularly that you should take charge 
