1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
877 
RECOMMENDATIONS-FOR' 
.Anstce,T. I wili not fix the amount. I know it was very 
large. know it was millions. 
Question. Will you tix any amount short of 
which you,can sav covers it? 
Question. do hot think it exceeds $4,000,000. 
Question. Can you state to the committee within a half 
dollars the amount ot' the acceptances of Governor 
Floyd which you have paid ? 
Jlnswer. No, sir, I cannot. We havo cei•tainly paid up. 
wards of and probably $3,500,000, and canceled 
then7 or retired thern. 
Question. Does $3,500,000 cover the amoum? 
unswer. I cannot say positively. 
Question. Can you narne a sum which you can be posi- 
tive does cover the mnount? 
Jlnswer. I am sure we have paid $2,000,000. 
Question. Are you sure you have paid and canceled 
answer. Well, I prett.y confident in my Inind that we 
have. 
Question. Can you state any arnount larger than that, 
which you arc confident, in your own Inind, was paid and 
canceled ? 
answer. No, sir. 
Question. Did you not pay and cancel Governor Floyd's 
acceptances to an mnount larger, at the outside, than 
I am 
unswer. think will cover the sum. 
very confident, in Iny own Inind, that it will. 
Mr. Russell theu stated that, besides the acceptances be 
has used and those still renraining in his possession, (the 
latter solnewhat less than $200,000 in annount,) Governor 
Floyd gave hitn others, which he returned unused to the 
If credenee should be given to these 
War Deparunent. 
explanations, the amount of acceptances still outstanding 
is very large. But Mr. Russell's statements are so ram- 
bling, vague, and unsatisfactory. and he shows such utter 
ignorance of the details of his business, and such incapa- 
City, or unwillingness. to make an exhibit of his affairs, that 
your committee have considered it Inuch safer Lo base their 
conclusions upon the records furnished by the •War Dc- 
partment. These records are of a character too peculiar to 
be passed without comment. 
PECULIAR RECORDS IN THE WAR DEPARTMENT. 
By reference to thc testinuony of Mr. Irvin, a clerk in the 
War Depart:nent, it will be seen that he kept a registry of 
the acceptances 011 loose pieces of paper only, as they ',vcre 
reported to hiln from tune to time, and no other was made. 
He states, too, that. there was no registratiou of the $798,000 
of conditional acceptances which fell into Mr. Bailey's 
hands; and that in-nnediately atter the discovery of the ab- 
straction of the bonds, Governor Floyd went to his office 
and directed (Mr. Irwin) to enter an order of cancek- 
lation of those acceptances, which he did upon a slip of 
paper, as he had entered the dates and arnounts of others 
that had bccn issued. The acceptances being in the hands 
of lion. Jacob fl'hornpson, having been placed there by Mr. 
Bailey in lieu of the abstracted bonds, an order of cancel- 
kition at such a time, was simply an order against the Cov- 
Had thc acceptances been held by other parties, 
ern:nent. 
the order would have been equally futile; for, if legally 
issued, iL could not invalidate 'Ilem. 
TO RUSSELL, MAJORS, AND WADDELL. 
It also appears from the records of the War Department, 
that while tl'lese acceptances were being issued to the. 
alnount of IniUions of dollars, Russell, Majors & Waddell 
were reemlarly receiving their pay for the services pertörmcd 
under their contract, in lnoney, from t.he Government. 
The azuregate mnount of the payinents Inade to thcrn, in 
cash, duriug the years 1858.1859, and 1860, 41 , 
and a largc portion of this sutn wag •paid by the proper offi- 
cerat Leavenworth City, Kansas. Governor Floyd adlilit. 
ted in his evidence that every acceptance which he made 
ran against unearned rnonev," alid was desiglied to "ivc 
then) (toe contractors) the eredit of their contract." -yet 
there has not been discovered the slighest indication that I 
be tnade any inquiry about the Pity nnents, or concerned i 
hi:nself to see that they were, when made, applied to the 
aeeeptarwes. 
to the testimony of General Johnston, the 
Aril)Y, and of Hon. Mr. Atkinson, the 'Phird Auditor of the 
'I'reasury. and to a detailed staternent ot• the payrnents 
which prescntt.'(l to the comitiittee the amounts of the earn- 
ings and payments, will fully appear. It would, per- 
haps, bc sullieient to say, upon this point, that Mr. Russell 
acknowledges that there is now but a smalt sutn due his 
firni current earnings. But it was considered desirable 
to reniove an uncertainty from this question, and to ascer- 
tain positively whether Russell, Majors & VVaddell had 
ever presented any clailn to the War Department extra 
services, and whether any claim for such services had ever 
been paid by that Departnjent, and correspondence was 
accordingiy had with thc present Seeretary of War, 1-1011. 
Joseph Holi, who referred the letter of the committee to 
General J. E. Johnston, Quartermaster General, and Colo- 
nei J. P. Taylor, acting Commissary General of Subsist- 
Of' the late Secretary of War, Hon. John B. Floyd,- ad- 
dressed to the House, and by the House referred to your 
committee. In his letter occurs this passage : " Within the 
tbur years since I have presided over this Department, not 
a dollar, [ believe, has been lost to the Govermnent by em- 
bezzleinent or theft, and within that time 860,000,000 have 
been disbursed. No systern of administration, no line of 
policy, r think, contd reach better results. No systern of 
accountability could be more perfect." If by the best re- 
suits" arc understood to be the depletion of the public 
Treasury and the debase*ncnt of public virtue, the approval 
of the vicious and the reprobation of the good ; if by the 
most perfect system of' accountability" is -meant a method 
oftransacting business that promises rewards to neoligence, 
and aflörds the most valuable facilities and incentives to 
fraud, then, indeed, may the late Secretary have reason to 
speak with confident self-praises of his " systelli of admin- 
istration" and line of policy." 
Whether or not his assertion that there has been no em- 
bezzlexnent" or thetV' in his Department, that will soon 
be decided in the courts. The recklessness of his offcial 
conduct, his inattention, and the ignorance of the details of 
hisaffairs, have been already shown, and will stand out in 
still greater distinctness on examination of the contradic- 
tions and obscurities of his testimony. Your committee 
will, theretOre, leave judgment to be pronounced by the 
House, and by the countFY ; but will present, as a valuable 
aid in corning to a correct conclusion, a brief abstract 01' 
the testimony of Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN, United States Sen- 
ator fro:n Louisiana. 
IMPORTANT TESTIMONY OF SENATOR BENJAMIN—BUCHANAN 
NOTIFIED OF GOVERNOR FLOYD'S SYSTEM OF ISSUING AC- 
CEPTANCES. 
Mr. BENJAMIN, who prornptly appeared at the request of 
the committee, and testified with co:nmendabie and cour- 
teous frankness, states that during the first session of the 
present Congress, some twelve or eighteen months ago, he 
was written to by the attorney of Duncan, Sherman & Co., 
of New York, and his opinion requested as to the legality 
of acceptances issued by Governor Floyd to Russell, Majors 
It was Inentioned in that letter, that thesc 
& VVaddell. 
6' drafts," as they were then called, were offered for nego- 
tiati011 with the assurance that they were issued with the 
approbation of the President and Attorney General. Mr. 
BENJAMIN visited the President, and submitted the inquiry 
to hill). The President replied that he knew nothing about 
the rnatt.er ; that they had been issued without any knowl- 
edge of his; that he did not know by virtue of what law 
they were issued ; but that he [Mr. BENJAMIN] might rely, 
if Governor Floyd had issued them, be had issued them 
properly, and that he had better apply to him [Governor 
Floyd] to ascertain by virtue of what law he was acting. 
INTERVIEW WITH GOVERNOR FLOYD. 
In pursuance of this suggestion, Mr. BENJAMIN called on 
Governor Floyd, and was infonned by him that the matter 
had not been submitted to the Attorney General, as was 
that the drafts were issued in pursuance of long 
stated ; 
established custom of the ofhcc ; that he was not aware of 
any law actually authorizing their issue ; that he would in- 
that the acceptances were issued to Russell, 
quire into it; 
Majors & Waddell only atter he had ascertained that tbc 
trains for transportation, which they had contracted to send 
from St. Lonis to Utah, had actually started on their way ; 
i that the payments were to bc Inade, under the, contract, in 
installnnents as• the trains arrived at different points ; and 
that, having received intelligence of the actual departure 
of the trains, he had accepted, in advance of their arrival 
at the intennediatc point, having a certainty that they would 
arri ve. 
suggested to him says Mr. BENJAMIN, that I thought 
he Ivas acting nnprudently ; that if any accident should 
happen to these trains by att.acks by Indians, or any other 
cause, and they should fail to arrive, it would be impos- 
Sible ün• him to pay the acceptances upon intelligence of 
that tact, and that trltat would give good reasons tar coin- 
plaints and investioations which would be injurious to him, 
Two days 
and urged him to discontinue the practice. 
afterwards I received a note from hill), införming me that 
he was obliged for the frank statement I had made to him, 
and that, upon reflection, he had determined he would ac- 
cept no more." 
GOVERNOR FLOYD CONTINUES HIS OLD HABIT. 
It has been shown that, contrary to the assertion of Gov- 
ernor Flovd, no practice of issuino acceptances had ever 
prevailed in the War Department previous to its introduc- 
tion by himself; that he issued these acceptances indis- 
criminately, and without reference to installments, or the 
arrival or departure of trains, and without regard to znoney 
which was due. One would naturally expect to find that 
Governor Floyd, having been adlnonished by one whose 
position and *egal learning gave authority Iris advice, 
havin« confessed the illegality of his proceedings, and ex- 
pressed a determination to nrake no further acceptances, 
ence. 
It will be seen, frmn theirreplies, that no such claim has 
ever beeli Inade or allowed. General Johnston, however, 
states t.hat there is an account a•uounting to 827.390 49 stiii 
su>peuded, which the late Secretary of VVar directed to be 
He also states 
reduced by a disallowance" of $9, 125 62. 
the sunl due them on the 4th of January last, upon current 
earnings, to be $27,750 49, fron) which lnust be deducted 
'I'his mnount was ascer- 
$15,001) Ibr a duplicate payment, 
taine.(l by telegraphing to Leavenworth, (at which place the • 
accounts of Russell, Majors & IVaddeIÆ are kept,) and, al- ' 
though it lilay not include other earnings in New Mexico, ; 
'l'he fåcts, theretOrc, are, 
that Russell, VVaddcl! not only absorbed all the 
sums earned bv i.hell\ under their contracts, and sold all the 
would have proceeded thereafter withgreat caution and cir- 
cutnspection, even if he did not entirely discontinuc his 
It appears, however, that, supposing the 
previous policy. 
note to A1 r. BENJAMIN, before rct*crred to, to have been writ- 
ten a year ago, there have been issued by Governor Floyd, 
singe that tune, acceptances to the amount of $2 163,000, 
namely: Fn Aprü, $40,000; in May, 8250.000; in June, 
in July, $95,000; in Augüst, $235,000 ; in Sep- 
telnber, $125,000; in ()ctober, $270,000. To this mnount 
Inust be added the $798,000 of lineonditional aecept.ances, 
of which thero is no registry, and the sum total is as above 
stated. Only 860.000 of' these acceptances have been re- 
turned to the War Department., and canceled. 
Having had his error and its consequences distinctly. 
pointed out, having expressed his intention to refrain. in 
sists in his torrner course, and actually issued an accept- 
ance for a date so late as the 13th of December, 
bonds thev received Mr. Bailey, but also raised very II 
larce sutns of !uoney upon the acceptances issued by 
VVhethcr this laanifcst contempt of counsel, dis- 
1860. 
obedience of law, and violation of a solemn proinise, can 
Secretary of 
be reconciled with purity of' pri vate motives, and faithful- 
COMMENTS ON GOVERNOR FLOYD's LETTER. 
The information thus plainly pregent.ed seems to demand ness to public trusts, is for the House to determine, It is 
that sonle tnent.ion should be Inade of the communication the opinion of vour comsnit.tee that they cannot. 
Your comm ittee have now reported, so faros ascertained, 
all the nitterial facts connected with the abstraction of 
bonds from thc Interior Départment and witli a series of 
transactions unprecedented in their character, and remark- 
able for alternate exhibitions of fraud and tony. 
As one of the results of the examination they have made, 
they submit a bill to provide for the more certain and effedt- 
ual punishment of crimes, euch as those. that have been 
brought to-their notice, and ,älso amendatory Of the second 
seet.iou of the act of Congress, approved January 24,.1857, 
entitled An act more effcetuakiy to enforce the attendance 
of witnesses on the sulhmons of eitlier House of Congress, 
and to compel them to disclose testimony." 
They also beg leave to suggest that the fluctuations of the 
stock market, and the delay and uncertainty in the collec- 
tion of the interest on tuc bonds, seem to demand" some 
further legislation in regard to the Indian trust fund, as a 
measure of obvious justice and humanity to the Indians. 
Ali of which is respectfuliy submitted, on behälf of the 
I. N. MORRIS, Chairman. 
committee. 
Mr. PRYOR. I wish to inquire of the gentle- 
man from Illinois how many members of the com- 
mittee concurred in that report ? 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. All of them. 
Mr. PRYOR. I so understood the gentleman 
from Illinois to state before; but understand 
that all the members Of the committee did not 
concur in the report. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The report is a 
If I am mistaken in this, I am 
unanimous one. 
ready to hear from members of the committee on 
the subject. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 understood that the House 
agreed to have the report read, with the under- 
standing that it was not to be considered at this 
time. 
Mr. THOMAS. I will state that there is some 
misunderstanding in reference to this matter. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that it 
was distinctly stated that the reportwas not to be 
considered at this time. 
Mr. THOMAS. 1 merely desircd to state that 
the remark of the gentleman from Virginia re- 
quires some explanation; I think, however, it is 
possible that had better defei• my remarks upon 
the subject until I have had some conference with 
the members of the committee. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. very well. 
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, 
the report will be ordered to be printed. 
I merely want to 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
say that I am ready to consider this report 8t 
any time gentlemen of the House may choose to 
fix. 
Mr. HINDMAN. we are willing to give you 
any time you want, if you will just allow us to 
go on now. 
PACIFIC RAILROAD—AGAIN. 
The House then resumed the consideration, as 
a special order, of the Pacific railroad bill, with 
the amendments of the Senate thereto. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 wish the House me 
for one moment in regard to this bill, and hope 
it may expedite the final result upon the Senate 
amendments. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before the 
gentleman proceeds, to ask one question. 
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the gentleman will not 
interru t me. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I rise to a 
question of order, then. I wish to know whether 
it is in order to move that the House disagree to 
all the amendments of the Senate, and ask for 
committee of conference. 
Mr. CURTIS. I suppose it is; but I do not 
propose to make that motion at this time. 
The SPEAKER. The Chairsupposesitwould 
not be in order. Unless that order is dispensed 
with by unanimous consent, each amendment 
must be considered by itself. 
Mr. SICKLES. A very large number of those 
amendments relate merely to names, and are en- 
I suppose, of course, the 
tirely uhimportant. 
House will not quibble with the Senate about the 
names of individuals to be inserted. 
I will suggest to the 
Mr. CRAIG, ofMissouri. 
gentleman from Iowa that, as I have an amend- 
ment prepared to the first amendment of the Sen- 
ate, he allow me to present it at this tim% and he 
can then speak to it. 
Mr. CURTIS. very well. havenoobiection. 
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to say, in réference 
to the sv•estion of the gentleman from Illinois, 
that I will not consent to any agreement by which 
the vote shall be taken on the Senate amendment* 
as a whole, 
