882 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 13, 
that the Egyptian pyramid was constructed by 
a courtesan ofcelebr:ty out of the wages of pros- 
titution. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 shall not in a dis- 
cussion with the gentleman from Virginia as to 
I presume there 
the. resources of ancient Egypt. 
are no reports now accessible, as to its finances; i 
and in what he now says, think he is merely 
repealing here one of the fictions of Herodotus, 
and undertaking to give it the dignity of a fact 
It is like many 
by an assertion on this floor. 
other stories of the same author, made to enter- 
tain his cotemporaries, and not to enlighten pos-_ 
terity. 
The gentleman says '.ve have no credit upon 
which to undertake this road. No credit! Why? 
Because anarchy has been brought upon the land, 
and startled capital from its equanimity. But 
there is a better day before us. Kentucky has 
spoken,and Tennessee has spokcn,and your own 
Virginia has spoken, and said to this demon of 
anarchy, thus far shalt thou go,and no further. 
[Applause in the galleries.] Credit will bc re- 
stored; credit will come again with the revived 
energies and the restored repose of our people and 
the Government. 
Mr. PRYOR. The gentleman from New York 
alludes significantly to the result of the recent 
election in Virginia. Now, once for all, I wish 
to speak a word of this business. The result of 
that election has exposed Virginia to the compli- 
ments of gentlemen whose praises she will accept 
in no grateful •sense. What has she done that 
she should be the victim of such suspicious ado- 
ration? What crime has she committed that she 
should be condemned to so intolerable an expia- 
tion? Permit Ine to say, sir, that Virginia, by the 
result of the recent election, has not pronounced 
for submission. She has declared this, and noth- 
ing else: that, so far as she is concerned, she is 
willing, in the abundance of her patriotic magna- 
nimityt to make one rnorc effort to save the Union; 
but unless justice and right be rendered her, she 
',vill not hesitate moment to sever tho ties which 
bind her to an iniquitous and oppressive associa- 
tion. [A plause m the galleries.] 
Mr. S18KLES. I have not ventured to be the 
I do not predict what she 
prophet of Virginia. 
may do; I only record whHt she has done, and 
what she is now doing; and I do afiirm that Vir- 
ginia is responding 10 the rnagnanimous policy of i 
Congress and the Executive; yes, she is respond- I 
ing to the appeal wrhic.h the northern masses have 
made to her, to submit our difficulties to the arbit- 
rament of reason, and not of passion. I say that 
Virginia, in her recent election, declares for the 
Union now. What she may do on some future 
(la I know not. 
{'ir. LEAK E. Will the gentleman allow me 
one word ? 
Mr. SICKLES. Certainly. 
Mr. GROW. Does the Pacific railroad pass 
through Virginia? [Laughter.] 
Mr. LEA K E. I want to say one word in sup- 
I say now, 
port ofthc declaration of my colleague 
to the gentleman from. New York, and through i 
him to the House, and through this House, it• I i 
could, to the whole northern branch of this Con- 
federacy, that Virginia has decided, by a vote of 
ene hundred and twenty out of one h t.tndred and 
fifty-two members of her convention, in favor of 
secgssion, unless ample guarantee.' be given her i 
by the 4th of March. 
I state, furthermore, that she ncvcr will submit 
to the Union as it is now; and by her election she 
has determined in the Inost solemn mnnner•.she 
could determine. She has said this—and this is i 
all she hus said, or means to say—that she is will- 
ing to preserve this Union, and is anxious to do 
We regret to see. from many of our northern exchanges, 
that the import of-the late election in l.his State is, to a large 
extent, misunderstood or *nisrepresented in that section. 
The iinpression that Virginia has déter:nined to remain in 
the Union as matters now stand—to submit to the rule of 
tbe new dynasty under the Chicago programme—is a gross 
and pernicious error. She has decided to do no such thing ; 
nay, she has decided to do just the reverse, by a popular 
judgment approxirnating ubanimity. She has determined 
that her connection with the northern States shall end, 
unless satislhctory and inviolable assurances are given that 
every constitutional right she has will be recognized and 
respected, and that her •equality and safety, as a :nember of 
the Confederacy, will be free from all jeopardy." 
Mr. SICKLES. All these interruptions are 
quite unnecessary, if they '•,vere intended to an- 
swer any implication of mine that I understood 
the result of the election in Virginia as excusing 
gentlernen holding the opinions entertained upon 
the other side of tho House from just and neces- 
sary concessions. I have not saiil nor supposed 
that this election terminated all the questions 
which have agitated the country. Far from it. I 
said no such thing. But, sir, while do not mean 
by any word I may say here, or by any construc- 
tion I may put upon any southern elcction,zto 
excuse or release gentlemen on that [the Repub- 
lican] side of the Mouse from their full responsi- 
bility at this crisis—for the crisis is yet herc and 
upon us now—yet I may be permitted asan Amer- 
ican, as a northern Democrat at least, to con- 
gratulate my country,any party, my associates 
at home, who have stood by the South in all her 
trials, who have fought side by side with her in 
all her battles—I may congratulate the three hun- 
dred and twelve thousand Union men of my State 
that they have met with manly, a just, and cor- 
dial response from the people of Virginia und 
Kentucky and Tennessee. And that is all I do. 
And I may be permitted to add, as I will, that 
the common sense of this country understands 
the result. of the popularexpression in those three 
States to be an earnest, a profound, an intense as- 
sertion of' their love for the Union, and their con- 
fidencc in the intelligence and patriotism of the 
people. That is the way I understand it; that is 
the way the masses the people understand it. 
Mr. Speaker, I did not intend to go into any 
extended discussion of these matters, but only re- 
ferrcd to thon as bearing upon the financial credit 
of this Government; and therefore, resuming the 
current of n-)Y remarks, I say, that you will 
look nt the history of Governments and of AdmiE1- 
istrations, you will find that they had credit in 
proportion as they inspired confidence, in propor- 
tion as the Government is made strong in its in- 
tegri1Y. No Govcrnment can have credit when it 
submits to anarchy. It will have credit i?hen cap- 
ital, startled by these sudden and fearful events, 
shall have recovered its conoposure; and that day 
is not far off. The passions which have been 
aroused on the remote frontier have 
found a barrier where they should find it—in 
hen rt..s and purposes of their associate States. 
We do not ask them to listen to us, for they re- 
fusc; but vtje know they will 130t refuse to heed 
Virginia and Kentucky and Tennessee. 
A sir)gle word more, •and 1 will bring these re- 
marks, which were only designed to be very cur- 
sot•y and brief, to a rapid conclusion. I say that 
the objections stated upon this floor heretofore, 
and repeated to-day, that this measure is to im- 
pose upon the Government an impossiblc outlay, 
is but a characteristic specimen of the exaggera- 
tions which are. indulged in our. discussions. 
Sir, this bill does not call upon the Government 
to raise one dollar in the present condition of its 
credit. No man supposes that this year, or next 
year, or the year after, this Government will be 
called upon for any sum of money, if we pass this 
bill to-morrow. No, sir; and long ere the period 
shall arrive when the Government will be called 
so, if she can get justice; and failing to get jus- i I 
tice, she Will look to her own right arm for pro- upon 10 issue its bonds or stake its credit, we will 
I have recovered all our energies, and the magnifi- 
tcction, and appeal to no earthly power whatever 
cent resources and powers of our people will go 
to take care of her rights. 
on in the development of their destinv on this 
Mr. PRYOR. I appeal to the gentletnan to 
I will obtrude upon continent, and the consolidation of our empire 
allow me a single moment. 
I send to the Clerk's from the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean. 
his courtesy no further. 
Mr. GARNETT obtained the floor. 
desk a paragraph from an article in the Richmond 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 thought the from 
N"Vhig, the organ of the party which triumphed in 
the recent election in Virginia—the party of sub- New York promised to move the previous ques- 
tnission, as they are here stigmatized; but, as I tion. 
Mr. SICKLES. Ah! 1 forgot to do so. lap- 
understand it, the party of resistance in the sense 
peal to the gentleman from Virginia, under the Cir- 
of valor and of patriotism. 
cdmstances, to yield me the floor to enable me to 
The article was read, and is as follows: 
fulfill my promise. 
W*AT w DETERMINED BY THE LATE ELECTION.— 
Mr. GARNETT. 1, of course, give way to 
the gentleman; under the circumstances, 
Mr. SICKLES. I demand the previous ques- 
tion on the pending amendment. 
Mr. HASKIN. I movc that the Housedo now 
adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to. 
And thereupon (at four o'clock and twenty 
minutes, p. m.) the House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
WEDNESDAY, February 13, 1861. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order in ref- 
erence to counting and declaring the voles for 
President and Vice President was to take effect at 
twelve o'clock. The Chair supposes, however, 
that the Senate desires to have the Journal read, 
as usual. The Secretary will read the Journal. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
MESSAGE FROM HOUSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. HAY s, Chief Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 
547) for the relief' of the parish of St. Matthew's 
church, of the city of Washington. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
The message further announced that the House 
had ordered, on yesterday, the printing of the 
following documents: 
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit- 
ting a communication from the Chief of Ordnance 
an estimate for increased appropria- 
tions for the armament of fortifications, 
nance, at twelve o 'clock and twenty 
minutes. 
Joint resolutions of the Legislature of Michi- 
gan in oppositLon to the extension of McCor- 
mick's patent—ordered at tvvelve o'clock and 
twenty-two minutes. 
Joint resolutions of the Legislature of Michi- 
gan on the state of the Union—ordered at twelve 
o'clock arid twenty-one minutes. 
COUNTING OF ELECTORAL VOTES. 
The message further announced that the House 
had passed the following order: 
IN THE HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES, 
February 13, 1861. 
Ordered, That the Clerk infornl the Senate that the House 
of Representatives is now ready to receive that body for the 
purpose of proceeding to open and count the votes of the 
electors of the several States for President and Vice Presi- 
dent of the United States. 
Mr. FOSTER. 1 present the petition— 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will 
state to the Senator from Connecticut that, in pur- 
suance of the order of the two Houses, nothing 
is now in order but to proceed to the House of 
Representatives. 
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the, Senate now 
proceed to the House of Representatives, in com- 
pliance with the order of the Senate. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and 
seconded that the Senate now proceed to the 
House of Representatives, for the purpose of 
counting and declaring the electoral votes. 
The motion was agreed to. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will 
state that the usual order of proceeding to the 
House of Representatives has been for the Ser- 
geant-at-Arms to go in advance; then the Secre- 
tary and Presiding Offcer, with a messenüer 
bearing the votes; and then the body of the Sen- 
If there be no objection, that order will be 
ate. 
pu rxued. 
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the Hall of 
the House of Representatives. 
At twenty minutes to two o'clock the Senate 
returned to their Chamber. 
The VICE PRESIDENT resumed the chair, 
and called the Senate to order. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the sen- 
ate a report of the Secretary of War, ccnnmuni- 
catinga modified estimate for fortifications for the 
next fiscal year; which, on motion of Mr. HALE, 
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs 
and Militia. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial of 
