1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
885 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is copied. from prior 
resolutions. 
The resolution was considered by unani.mous 
consent, and agreed to. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION. 
Mr. FITCH , (while Mr. SIMMONS was address- 
I dislike very 
ing the Senate on the tariff bill.) 
much to interrupt the Senator from Rhode Island, 
or any other gentleman, while speaking; but I ap- 
peal to his courtesy to yield me the floor for a mo- 
ment, for a personal explanation, though on a mat- 
ter which is, perhaps, of little importance in itself. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly. 
Mr. FITCH 1 desire the Clerk to read an ex- 
tract, which have marked, from the report pre- 
sented to the House of Representatives yesterday, 
It is very 
on the subject of the Indian bonds. 
brief, 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
By reference to the abstract marked herewith trans- 
mitted, it will be seen that the Government still holds State 
bonds and certificates and (Jnited States stocks for certain 
Indian tribes to the amount of $2,525,241 82. 'I'hese bonds, 
as well as the eight hundred and seventy abstracted, and one 
Indialla bond handed to I-Ion. G. N. FITCH, and not returned 
by him to the Department, tor reasons assigned in his cot'- 
respondence with Godard 'Bailey, were purchased from tune 
to time, by authority of law, 'vvith the money of the Indians 
arising fronn treaty stipulations." 
Mr. FITCH. Hud the correspondence been 
published in the Globe, of course it would have 
borne its own explanation, and I should never 
have alluded to it; but that not being published, 
I deern it proper to state the reasons why this 
bond has not been returned. it is the bond to 
which I alluded a day or two since, when asking 
the Senate to refer, with instructions, a certain 
bill to the Judiciary Committee, in order to bring 
to a close the controversy between my State and 
the United States relative to payment of interest 
on Indiana bonds held in trust by Government. 
Some years since (to state briefly the manner in 
which the bond camc into my possession) the 
Secretary of the Interior, either personally or 
through some clerk—I do not recollect, it is im- 
material which—stated to me, as one of the Sen- 
ators from Endiana and a member of the Commit- 
tee on Indian Affairs, that these bonds were held 
in trust by him for the Indians, and the interest 
was unpaid by Indiana; that he was about to ask 
Congress Lo authorize him, or some one else, to 
institute proceedings in law, or in some other 
manner, for the security or recovery of the, amount 
of the bonds and the, interest, unless the State 
consented to some arrancrement by which the in- 
tercst was promptly paid. 
blame there be, for its not having been promptly 
returned. 
That it will be found and returned, there can 
It will thus be seen that one 
scarce be a doubt. 
of the, perhaps too few, good-natured acts of my 
life; an act to which I assented out of regard, on 
the one side, to the good name and reputation of 
my State; and, on the other, a desire, in the dis- 
charge of what I felt to be a duty, to save to the 
United States Treasury a sum annually appro- 
priatedto meet interest which the officers of the 
Government claimed was due from that State , has 
caused my name to be lugged into this House 
report in a sort of semi-juxtaposition with a recent 
matter, and one altogether foreign to that which 
was the subject of correspondence between the 
Department and myself. I say with the Depart- 
ment, because part of the correspondence was 
directly with the Secretary, not all, as the report 
would imply, with his clerk. A description of 
the bond is recorded in the Department, and its 
identification therefore easy. As the matter oc- 
curred some years (two, or thereabouts) since, as 
it had no connection, direct or remote, Wilh that 
which it was supposed the committee was ap- 
pointed to investigate, as no loss could, by any 
possibility, occur from it to the United States, or 
gain to any individual, Ido not, I confess, clearly 
comprehend the necessity for making allusion to 
ita part of the report. Neither is the motive any 
more clear Relative to that, however, i will i 
dulge in no supposition, trustingit was one whi 
if known, would commend itself to respect. 
TARIFF. 
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, thc Senate, as 
in Committee of the *Whole, resumed the consid- 
eration of the bill (11. R. No. 338) to provide for 
the payment of outstanding r I"reasury notes, to 
authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duty on 
imports, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFI;'ICER. The Chair is 
advised that there are several amendments which 
have been reported from the select committee; 
and the first thing in order will be the considera- 
tion of the amendments reported from that com- 
mittee. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, as this bill 
is brought up for the purpose of being considered 
.by the Senate at the present time, I shall proceed 
to state, for the information of the Senate, the 
grounds takcn by tho committee, and the reasons 
upon which they have based the annondments 
J ha_d not supposed myself 
they propose to it. 
that this bill would be taken up this morning any 
Of' course, like any representative from any further than to assign it consideration to-mor- 
other State, I was unuriliing that Eli y State should 
be placed before Congress ih the attitude in which 
a debate on any such proceedings would place it; 
and at the sucgestion, therefore, of the officer 
with whom the conversation was had, I opened 
a correspondence with the then executive of In- 
diana, upon the subiect; and in order that the 
application on the part. of the Department should 
be thoroughly understood by the State Executive, 
the Secretary 
and the class of bonds known, 
placed in n"lyr hands one of the bonds—a $1,000 
bond—as a specimen of its class, that I might in- 
close or describe it to the Governor. The cor- 
respondence resulted, as I remarked the other day 
in the debate, namely: in my discovering that the 
bond was OF a class which the State supposed it I 
had provided the means of paying, or at least re- 
leased itself from any direct liability for payment 
in other manner, by the passage of the bill by 
which it agreed to surrendcrihe Wabash and 
Erie canal for the bonds. The United States never 
surrendered the bonds in their possession, in or- 
der to exchange them for certificates in the stock 
of the canal; and it is not now, nor was it two 
years since, probable that Congress would au- 
thorize such an exchange, because the canal has 
proved worthless. By this correspondence, there- 
fore, I learned that the bonds ••.vere no better, ap- 
parently, than waste paper; and hence some care- 
lessness, probably, in not seeing that the onc 
row; and perhaps have not hcrc some of the 
data which I intended to read. If the Senate pre- 
fer to take these arnendments up in the order in 
which they are proposed, and act upon them, I 
wilk explain thetn•, but. I have been roquested to 
state the general grounds on which these amend- 
mcnts are sumrested by some members whp are 
in favor of the bill. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 wish to make a suggestion 
to the Senator from Rhode Island. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator fi•orn Rhode Island yield ? 
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly. 
of the operation of the present tariff for the three 
entire years that it has been in operation, togethér 
with the returns of the first half of the currbnt 
year, with the estimate of the Secretary Of the 
Treasury for what will come in in the two remain- 
ing quarters of the present we found that, 
under tho provisions of the tariff act of 1857, there 
I have been thrown on the market in.the first three 
years $1,017 upon which there have been 
paid #144,000,000 in duties. The current year, 
taking what has been paid for the first two quar- 
ters, and what has been estimated by the Secre- 
tary of the Treasury for the .next two, will give 
$40,000,000 of revenue; and thus,wehave, forfour 
years, $184,000,000 of duties upon importations 
of about $1,300,000,000; showinl.r an average duty 
of per cent. , and an average income of the 
sum of $465000,000. The expenditures for the 
three years, whiéh are entire years, under- this 
bill, have been $66,000,000 per annum. Last year 
they were only but it,will be recol- 
lected that the Post Office appropriation bill for 
that year failed, and was paid during this year; 
making an average of $68,000,000 for each year 
of the last three, exclusive of payments on ac- 
count of interest on the public debt. •That is. just 
more than we have received annually, 
beside the interest on the public debt; which, at 
the end of tbc present fiscal year, will amount to 
over $5,500,000 per annum. When this Admin- 
istrafion came into power, there was a public debt 
requiring about interest per annum. 
That debt has been increased, and will have been 
increased, by the end of this fiscal year, to an 
an)ount which will require additional 
per annum; making a deficit, under the present 
tariff law, of $24,000,000 annually; for, I take 
it, that the incidental payments-—paymeniß for 
claims, &c.—will absorb 'all that we receive from 
the public lands. 
We therefore had to provide, or seek to provide, 
for a deficiency of from $20,000,000 to $24,000,000 
a year; and like all other questions of this kiod, 
it is very easy for people to complain of any mode 
for increasing your revenue, but very diffcuit to 
find anybody willing to pay a dollar towards its 
1 have found that the invariable rule. 
increase. 
Every interest that you propose to require money 
from, comes here with a protest and a com:nuttee 
to back it up in variably. We therefore supposed 
it was our duty to propose a measure.that would 
i Ficrease this revenue at least year. 
The rate of duty under the present law having 
real izcd about 14å per cent. , the actual rates would 
be 16 per cent. if' equal amounts were imported 
in ail the schedules. We propose to carry the 
measure up to an average of 20 per cent. upon the 
I whole what the late Secretary 
! of the Treasury in his first annual report said this 
. present bill would yield. It is an addition to the 
present rates of about one 30 uper 
cent. We have endeavored to attain that end. 
We have carried up many of the articles of these 
schedules from one fourth to one third, embrac- 
ing many things on the dutiable schedules that 
In almost every ques- 
have l')itherto been free. 
t.ion in which we have imposed higher rates of 
I! duties than the existing law, we have been met_by 
delegations fairly representing the wishes, un- 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 understood the honorable doubtedky, of those who sent them here. remon- 
Senator to ask whether it was proposed to take IL stratitw a«ainst the increase. 
I have now given a general outline Of Lhe ne- 
up the first, or that he should go on. 
I believe. nobody supposes 
cessity of this bill. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir. 
that in any probable contingency we can import 
N.Ir. SEWARD. I wish simply to give b im 
notice that, at the proper time—to suit his own any considerable amount annually more than we 
—I shall propose to strikc have done for the.last three years. There were 
convenience abolit jt 
larger importations in those three years than there 
out of this bill the provisions, as well of the 
amendments as of the original bill, {ör abolishing have been for any three years since the existence 
oftheGovernment, byaveryconsiderableamount. 
or modifying the warehousino• system of the Uni- 
I will submit that niotion at his con- They were 15 or 20 per cent. larger than they 
ted States. 
i ever were before, m any three previous years. 
i venience, either now or at any other time. 
Mr. SIMMONS. sir, perhaps it might They were three very prosperous years, interu 
have been as well for the Senator from New York rupt,ed at one time, in 1857; but the aggregate 
Lo hear the reasons for that amendment beföt•c he amount of importations in that year was nearly 
i• including the quantity in the ware- 
concluded to vote against it. 
In raising this revenue, the committee 
I house. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 gave the honorable sena- 
concluded to go upon the general plan, where they 
tor notice that I desired fo hear hi)n•, and so I 
placed in my hands was immediately returned to 
the Department. During the correspondence that suspended the offering of t11C amendment until I had made spe;cific. duties, of placing about 25 per 
cent. upon the fair, wholesale market value of 
bond became mislaid, whether among the Gov- should hear his remarks. 
ernor's papers or mine, I know not; but having i i IVIr. SIMMONS. I was about to say, I goods, as the duty specifically to be laid, where, 
the value, was known to them. Where those 
was interrupted, that the committee to which this 
beon placed in rnv custody by the Department, 
values were not distinctly known in this country, 
subject was referred had first to consider the state 
should be among my papers, and therefore I as- of the finances of the country. Having obtained l! they have fixed upon a rate of 30 per cent. as a 
sunle all the responsibility and all the blame, if a report frorn the proper Department of the result II maximum upon those articles which come in com- 
