THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
1861, 
887 
inm told him we designed to my 30 per cent. upon 
these foreign goods, he gave me five specimens. 
The first shawl cost him francs, weighed 
cighteen ounces, and paid 68 cents duty; that was 
3] per cent. upon the dutiable value. The next one 
cost 17 francs, wei«hed twenty-one ounces, aud 
paid 93 cents; that IS 30 per cent. The next one 
cost 22 francs, weighed thirty-one ounces, paid 
$1 14 duty, which was 31 per cent. The fourth 
cost 25 frances, weighed thirty ounces, and paid 
$1 33 duty, which wras 30 per cent. The next 
cost 32 francs, weighed thirty-nine ounces, and 
paid $1 74 duty, which was 30 per cent. There 
were five articles that he had on his paper, in all 
of which we came within 1 per cent. in our cal- 
cuiations of what •vverc the actual duties on •his in- 
I told him that, though we were not all 
voice. 
Yankees, we werc all pretty good at guessing. 
I then asked him the wholesale price of these 
goods as he sold then-i. Ho gave me the price of 
the first, on which he paid 68 cents duty, as $3 50, 
the wholesale market value. That at 20 per cont. 
would be TO cents, and the duty was 68 cents. 
The next one cost him 17 francs, which would pay 
93 cents duty, and it was sold at $5, at whole- 
sale. We put it at 93 cents, which lacks 7 cents 
of being 20 per cent. on the home value. The 
next originaliy cost 22 francs, and sold for $6, 
and paid $1 14 duty. Twent.J per cent. on that 
would be $1 20, 6 cents more than he will have 
to pay, The next was the one vvhich cost 25 
francs, and the price was $7 50, and will pay 
$1 33 duty. Twenty per cent. on the selling price 
would have been $1 50. The next was the 32 
francs onc, which paid $1 74 duty, and sold for 
from $8 50 to $9, whic.h would be 80 duty 
at 20 per cent. ; and the duty under this bill is 
$1 74. Thus, in all these, cases of these enormous 
high duties, as they are called, that I have been 
able to get at specifically, I do not find a real in- 
stance where, according to the value in the New 
York wholesale markct, we put a duty on thc 
goods of over 20 per cent. , althou•gh we designed 
to put it at 25 per cent. , and whcre we knew the 
price, we did put it at that; so that we can under- 
lated with such great accuracy, and intended to 
illustrate the enormous duties that are imposed 
by this bill. 
We see, by the instance given, that every de- 
parture from tbc common ad cal.orenL rate of duty 
that would shomtv to the, greatest advantage has 
been taken up; as, for instance, the one on com- 
these parties, w.e had a meeting—assigned an even- 
ing to receive the delegations before the committee. 
I invited the Senator from Virginia to attend, but 
he could not come; but all the rest of the members 
of the committee were there to hear these parties 
state their grievances, and the terrible effects, the 
ruinous effects, that this bill was to produce 
upon their interests. It turned out, after about 
three hours' session, that taking the representa- 
tions of the, Sheffeld manufacturers and the great 
workers of steel in this country, after they had 
argued this question to their hearts' content, one 
of' the men, a consumer of steel, suggested that 
should take a quarter ofa cent off-one of the 
rates of duty, and with that he would be perfectly 
content. They had been rncmorializing Congress 
and used up a ream of paper, and when they got 
to the point, they wanted one of the specific rates 
altered one quarter ofa cent. a pound. Thecom- 
mittee concludcd, if they could sleep onc night 
over it, that probably they would not disturb us 
any more. The next. morning one person from 
each delegation came to my room, to inquire the 
conclusion at which the committee had arrived. 
I told them, for the committee, that we hud con- 
cluded not to alter it at all. They said they came 
to tell me they were perfectly satisfied, and were 
very glad to hear that wc had not changed it. 
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow 
me, I do not desire to interrupt him, but Ilierely 
to ask his opinion on the rate of duty on chain 
cable. Some objection has been made to that. I 
should like to hetir him on that point. 
IVfr. SIMMONS. I am not familiar with the 
manufacture of chain cable, and I am now givincr 
a mere explanation of the principle of the bill. 
merely desire to disabuse the mind of the Senate 
of any influence received by these rnemorials which 
I only wish to state this 
have becn sent to us. 
question in regard to steel, WI-ach has acritated this 
country more perhaps than any other question that 
l'ias been brought before Congress for five years. 
My friend from Minnesota [Mr. WILKINSON] had 
one of these memorials from Rhode Island. He 
thought it was a little singular that Rhode Island 
steel-workers should send a memorial to him. He 
called my attention to it, and I told him I knew 
why it was not sent to me. They knew I would 
Oive them considerable of a lecture if I found a 
man in Rhode Island who did not know more 
about this tariff than to send such a memorial as 
that. But I told him we would examine the sub- 
In the first place, the me- 
ject and ferret it out. 
morial set out with a statement that there was no 
ning yard in England, twenty-four inches wide, steel made in this country, and that there was a 
vast arnount of revenue received from it. I went 
two thirds of a square yard in each yar(l. The 
It is what we with n) y friend from Minnesota to the Treasury 
dutics are said to be per cent. 
call the sixty square, or one hundred and twenty Department, and found the. quantity of steel im- 
I ported last year, and thc arnount of duties paid 
threads to the square inch, counting both ways. 
I then got returns from steel-makers 
the square yard, there would be a duty of 2 in and about Pittsburg, and on comparing the 
cents, and 10 per cent. of the whole value to amount they madc with the whole import.ations, 
cover tho printing; and the wholesale price of! I found that they exceeded the ilnportation vastly 
in that little vicinity around Pittsburg. 
the goods was from 9 to 10 cents a running 
yard. At 10 cents, the. duty to bc paid is 17 per r After we had got the rates of duiy from the 
cent. ; and that is selected as an instance of the T peasury books, I told him the best way to see 
extravagant rate of duty imposed by this bill. At I what the rates of duty were, '.vas to go into an 
the common selling price in New York, it is 17 importer's store and ask the price of the steel 
that these people talk about. We went into a 
per cent. ; and it is ciphered out here to be 
store on the avenue; we found there steel valued 
per cent. on thc English prices. They have put 
ever on anybody. We right 
to.put this stcel at 30 per cent.} as any aitticle there 
It is the most highly eldboratéd- fabric that 
is. 
It is taken out of •the hills Of 
is' made from iron. 
Permsylvunia. They say it is a raw- •material. 
I tell these people that the mainspring of a Watch 
is raw material for a watchmaker. He wants 
that to build his watch iVith, the same as I' want 
steel to put on my plow, only that I happen to 
use iron ones and do not need any steél. 
I have traced out very many of these memo- 
rials; I have gone to the headquarters Avhere im- 
porters sell these goods; and- I have invariably 
found in them the most extravagant goit of mis- 
representations as to the operation of this bill. 
You would not replcnish your Treasury this cen- 
tury, if you had to follow them all; but when I 
follow out, one to its legitimate results, I present 
that to the Senate, and prefer they should make 
up their mind upon that,rather than to divide 
their attention among a thousand things which 
they cannot recollect. Therefore, Shall not go 
into general cxplanations unless somebody should 
desire it from me on particular sukfrc.ts; 'but I will 
givc another illustration to the Senate in regard to 
these memorials that. are traveling around here. 
We are told of these extravagant duties that are 
piaccd upon cotton goods, which are said to be all 
the way from 40 to 80 percent. I have the tariff of 
1842, and I have the calculation of their imports 
under that tariff, which has received very great 
years that tariff vgas in operation, the average duty 
collected on the whole of the importations was 
26.7 per cont. There was not 3() per cent. col- 
lectcd under that high tariff. The duties on these 
coarse cotton goods, under that tariff, were 6 cents 
a square yard ; and in this bill that I have reported 
of what it was under the tariff of 1842; and there 
is more clamor about this than there was about 
the tariffof 1842. There is absolutely more clamor 
against paying a cent a Square yard for the heavy 
cotton sheetings than there was to pay 6 cents at 
that time. The duty by this bill is not much over 
10 per cent. 
We design to put the lowest rate of duty on 
goods worn by the laboring classes of the coun- 
try. We put I cent per square yard on those 
goods that cost generally about 10 cents per square 
yard. We put 2 cents on finer goods that prints 
imported to print here. We put 3 cents on goods 
that generally sell from 8 to 12 cents, counting 
from 140 to 200 threads; above 200 threads, w hiCh 
was omitted in the printing of the bili,on a sched- 
ule from 12 to 16 cents, we put 4 cents; and then 
25 per cent. , ad tudorem. Now, take the aggre- 
gate average of all those, and they will run' from 
one sixth to ono half what they were in the tariff 
that. VVith the prices of these goods am person- 
to tell me what they will cost, if they tell me how 
many picks they count. For the last. thirty years 
they have all been bought by these counts. 
every newspaper that publishes the account of 
thc sales of print cloths, there is given the count 
and the price. That is the •way all üe circulars 
come from England; and in addition to that, [he 
this print down to cost, 3.072 cents a running at the Trcasury at seven and three quarters or 
yard. I do not believe I have known the time eight and three quarters, I forget which. The I circulars from England tell you at what you 
within ten years that you could buy a piece of the low-duty steel, which was the high-priccd steel, 
gray cloth that money, not printed. I know was vakued at perhaps eight and three quarters. the prices laid down in New York or Providence, 
about the price of English printing we. went the store, 1 told the Importer we base the market value, and take one of 
i we wanted the price of steel for another purpose 
I have been unable to find any of the great ex- than to purcl-)ase•, that wre wanted to know what any comm:ssion. 
oloths. 
r i' here is another question about cot_ton threads, 
travagances that are charged to this bill in many it was worth, because we were about to legislate 
if) regard to which a very respectable firm New 
l. have no doubt that Senators on the subject. He said he had imported rather 
more than he needed, and had sent a lot to Phil- York has sent a circular here to the Senate. That 
of these papers. 
HüNTER,j who was at the head of' the Finance adelphia and New York; but he had got the re- is a casc in which ib is said the business is to oe 
o „c —that xxve had I turns and could answer us precisely: that this entirely destroyed if we put 30 per cent. on it. 
some two or three hundred memorials from the cast-steel netted him 15 cents a pound. That is Thirty per cent. was the duty, believe, under 
II the market value, these people are complain- 
sent around to all the blacksmiths the United {I ing at a duty of cents a pound on it? That is the entire Importation of this article; the 
It is about 14 per cent. il ladies will not have any to do their need}e 
v,' hat the bill puts on it. 
it is going to be the utter 
duties were. epon steel. They said this bill upon the market value here; and they get it up work if you put this on; 
i destructiou of it. This is prtnted and laid on 
increase(l the duty from 40 to 261 per cent. The I to 260 per cent. on the foreign cost. Thus, when- 
It is from a respectable l')ouse. 
Senator from Virginia used to come here. every ever I have undertaken to go to the dealers of ! Senator's tables. 
k nosv one of the gentlemen personally. He had 
these articles, as do before I make a statement 
bill of indictment against the extravagance of the i! about them, f have invariably found them to be letters to me from a late of mine. They 
billi now Is. Such great importance had complainin.2 about duties, when they were the have gone on gnd showed that it wiil be a dead 
Deen given to this duty on steel, so extensively most reasonable and as little as the Government 
was it used, that at the request cf ihe agents of ii could get along with, without any hardship than now imposed; thatitwili be a prohibition. 
