888 
tw-el'}tl ciphered this over. Here is an invoice of 
t:ead• costing 175 sterling; which is a dutiable 
VAIue of '$5,697. The duty at 30 per cent. is 
$1,706 -10. Now, if you look at the other charges 
tl)üt are made here, you will find that. they are as 
rnuch as the duties. 
order to make outa loss 
this th read they put more than $1 , 700 there as 
chzu•ges for commission and interest. T_he com- 
is charged- at per cent. ; and that is 
per cent. more than i cver had to pay when I 
I'lave had my goods sold; but perhaps they charge 
it, and very likely they do. As I make it out, 
giving them pe--_r cent. commission , and allowing 
them 4 per ccn-t, fijr freight, they would have 
abou ti$400 profi t:afterall these extravaga o t cha rges 
and the duties 4re paid; but they say it would be 
a doss to make ib, If an additiooal duty of 6 per 
cent. is imposed. 
Why, sir, I can make out a very satisfactory 
paper statement at any time to show loss if you 
will Ine make the charges. If I put on $1,700 
charges on the sale of read to the value of" 1, 175, 
or $5,687 worth, besides the duty, that is 60 Pér 
cent. on t be whole. 
I do not expect to have to 
talk doog a.boubsuch papers as these are. They are 
Ofs the same.charactet•. They are made out to 
make a ease exactly as I stated; but if you go 
-into, the items, you. will detect the errors. I have 
not •seen oneyeL x,vhich gives the pound sterling 
as it should be, as the law requires. 
I have not 
examined them all, but every one I have gone 
I do not expect that I 
will have Lime •this session to. examine them all. 
We have had- as many :papers sent to us on this 
subject as a man could read in seven months, 
and 10 do not expect to (have to answer all of them. 
Mr. WADE. How about screws? 
Mr. SIMMONS. It is just the same about 
screws. have seen but one or two rnemorials 
about them; but as the Senator has: mentioned it, 
I will tell him what the duties are on screws. In 
the tariff of 1842 there was a duly of 12 cents a 
pound imposed upon screws of all sizes. This 
tariff puts the duty at B and 5 cents; an averagc 
of cents. 1842 valued all this mercandise. 
I was for four n•aonths gettil'lg• values from iln- 
porters of rnore Lhari four hund red articles of rner- 
chandise. got thctn from importers in every 
large city of the country, and made up the values 
from their 
letters. The screws then were of 
different klDd, not near as good , and there was not 
near as much waste of iron to rnake tl'lem. 
market value then of the large-sized screws was 
40 cents a pound, an(l small screws were valued 
at 66 cents a •pound, and duty of '25 per cent. 
on•those values. By the tariff of 1842, 12 cents per 
pound was put on all kinds, so as to have but one 
rate-Qi' -duty. The, duties in this bill arc about 
half as riluch as the *duties then, und the screws 
Itisjustahout 25 per cent. upon 
the market value of those screws. 
1 looked the 
books over, and took tho samples, a bu nd red gross 
screws of each sort of various sizes. 
I rnade the 
average of them myself, and it. carne out about 
25 per cent. on the averaæe. They wan Led more 
to be put on l.hc smaller kinds; but I told them 
the rule of the comruit.tee was a specific duty equal 
to 25 per cent. on the market valuo, where we could 
ascertain it; and where we could not, sorne other 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
put in the labor and stuck to it, and lived in one- 
story houses upo.n $1 a day. Théy have now got 
a great capit#l built up by their labor, gnd people 
now tell us how much they divide on the $50 they 
put, in. They have been at it twenty years, draw- 
no sqla.ry, and they have succeeded. If any- 
body will work as they haye 
—I do not care 
whether they will begin to :nakc pins, screws, 
..large hanuners, or sheet anchors—if they work as 
they have done, they will be snre to come out 
ahead. I wish every one would have a little more 
of that kind of skill. 
I think it is the best. So 
much for the screw business. 
This duty has been assailed. I have sometimes 
thought it was assailed as they assail me person- 
idly in the newspapers, because I happen to be 
put on this committee. do not know what else 
they can havc to say. There is a large interest 
in Rhode Island in this business; and I never could 
sec why these mechanics were not entitled to just 
as Inuch protection as any ot.her class of people. 
cannot see w by they are not cntitled to as much 
if they live in Rhode Island, as if they 
lived in any other part of the country. They do 
not ask any more; and if they did, I would not 
give it to them. I am going to try to do right by 
all interests, if I know how; and I shall eXpect 
them to have just as nuch as others. 
I do, not 
ask anything because fifteen or twenty failed and 
lost all they had. Ido not mean to take anything 
under because these men have been successful. 
They deserve it. . They have worked night and 
day for it, and have managed their affairs well. 
[I'hey are now competing with the same sort of 
work that is made in England, where money is 
3 per cent. per annum. 'J'hey have manufactured 
the screws, and the additional duties put on iron 
will amount to them to $30,000 or $40,000 a year. 
They ask nothing for that. They say, only put 
these duties on, and we shall be independent. of 
England for iron in a little while, and go to Penn- 
sylvania to get it; and so they wilt. 
I heard a complaint made about the duty on iron 
last year. that time there was a man in n') y 
who used a very large quantity Q? iron— 
two or three t.housand 100s—and a thousand tons 
of wrought iron, every year; 
and called his at- 
tention to the duty on wrought, iron, and I told 
hirn that the Slate of' Pen nsyl vania wanted solnc- 
t.hing 
H.e looked the bill over, saw that 
there was a dut.y of $6 on pig iron, und hc said: 
That is about ri±ht; I wc»uld rather give $7, if 
they would only make it a litlle better." So, too, 
when we came to tbc duty on bar iron, he said: 
" That is about right; 
all I '.vant is for t 
make the iron better; 
they would make it good." 
T h ;.lt is the fi2ejing 
of a man who consutnes three thousand tons of 
iron a year. He makes stationm•y engines. You 
find that the, 
people who buy iron in immense 
quantities are not. complaining about the duties on 
it. II is the peoplc who arc for the makers 
of it in Wales. r l"hcy are the anen who are com- 
•.)laining Ihat we are goino• to injure tho country. 
f they t bought thc Americans were to pay the 
whole ()t' this duty, do you think all Sheffield 
would be here al)out steel and all Wales about 
iron? 'Ehey think it will come out of their pockets 
the end. They arc not concerned about our 
February 13, 
terest that Mill press upon us for the next five 
years bas got to be raised out of these tariffs. 
Another thing that I have to say in reference to 
the amonnt of money that has been expended is, 
that in add ition to the estimates we are voting 
here and there, which are 
not estimated for, for building steamers, for trans- 
porting African negroes who-have been captured 
m slavers; and those estimates. coming fronl the 
Treasury do not amount to the surn it will be 
necessary for us to raise. Everybody recollects 
that in the year 1857, when the first Treasury note 
bill was presented to the Senate, the chairman of 
the Committee on Finance said that it required 
$12,000,000 to operate the Treasury to adv*ntage; 
for the 
nt service,and 
the ordinary operat ons of the Treasury. Now, 
the Administration coming into power, is coming 
in With u balance of $1,000,000 for both purposes. 
We are going to starve then'l, to keep them at low 
water mark, with the chin just above water. 'The 
Senator from Californ wants as much as $500,000 
in San Francisco for the mint. This Government 
will be soon without funds. The last time 1 was at 
the Treasury Departnlent, they had but $2,000,000 
that were available, and there, were requisitions 
upon it för #1,800,000 from one Department. 
1 
think that, In some form or other, we have got 
to raise more money, so as to have more than 
in the Treasury. we 
must keep $4,000,000 or $5,000,000 there, in my 
opinion. 
Then I have provided a loan in this bill. 
nearly forgotten to mention that. 1 do not believe 
that the coming fiscal year will turn out to be an 
average year for impor.tations orxevenue, and 1 
have provided a loan. We have now loans enough 
authorized to pay up the Treasury notes outstand- 
ing, including •the $10,000,000 which come due 
next January, and to carry on the Government 
to the 301b of June next. That is what is pro- 
vided for; but the deficiencies for the year ending 
June 30, 1862, •are not provided for. Unless this 
tariff gives revenue enough för the coming year, 
we must. have a.n additi01'ial loan; and I have no 
idea that it will. 
do not believe we shall import 
an average quantity by 20 per cent. 
place, trade is impoverished; credit is very much 
impaired, and we cannot expect this great coun- 
try to revive in three months from such a depres- 
Sion as we are now undergoing; and I think it 
to provide for or 
the deficiency of the next year. 
I have also got a provision in the bill for issu- 
ing stock at six per cent. ; and authorizing the 
I M.'(juld rather give $2{), if' ' Secretary and President, it' the bids are not at par, 
decline to receive them, and to issue in lieu of 
it ih•easury notes, in denominations of not less 
than #20, at six per cent. , to be receivable in Gov- 
ernmeot dues, or paid out where the creditors of 
the Government will accept them. Then there 
is another provision, that if any of the loans al- 
ready authorized are not proposed for at par, 
they may convert them into Treasury notes, and 
those notes may be funded in this stock by 
the holders whenever they choose to take at par 
the stock already authorized. In that way be- 
lieve we shall relieve ourselvcs from this entire 
dependence upon the money-lenders and combi- 
nations of money-lenders. 
If they will not let 
us have it at a fair price, the people will, in my 
opinion. These requirements, I think, it is in- 
dispensable to meet. 
mode was adopted. But we endeavored to fbllow I people paying it. 
If we paid it, they would not 
that rule in variably. 
care a fig; 
but these duties will make a competi- 
It is said these screw manufacturers . made an 
lion in t.hesc articles, and thul loss comes out of 
immense fortune. 
I have heard it stated in some them in the end, That is the way it works. These 
I think we should get this 
memorials that there werc over worth 
fbreign agents are as busy as a Mother Carey's I money, and in this way the Treasury notes will 
of screws used in this country every year. But 
chicken in a storm, whenever you get to this eventually be funded. 
if you will get t.he returns from all the manufac- 
tariff. They say: " You will ruin business; you Now, wish to make one commentin reference 
tories, yott will find that there was not $1 tax your people." But when I come to these large 
to the security of this Government, and the sug- 
worth of them sold last year, instead of $4,000,000. 
consutners, they say: That is about right; put gestion of the Secretary of the Treasury that the 
That the way these statements arc made. There 
it on; let Pennsylvania have it; and we shall have , States in this Union should indorse the securities 
have, been, I believe, twenty-two or twenty-three iron better than we have had. 
That is my ex- I of the United States. 
I have no doubt that 
screw manufactories established in Ncw England, perience for the last twenty years. 
gestion is made from the best motives. Some of 
New York, and New Jersey. There is one in 
I do nol intend 10 upon this matter 
New York now; some in Massacht.lsetts•; some in have told the Senate the general outlines of the I States, from some cause or other; but 1 think it 
Rhode Island. There, were twenty-two or twenty- proceedings of the commiuee. 
I shall now state was because, when we went to borrow, we had a 
three of- Ehern—l have seen a list—and out of the further, t 
in nay deliberate judgment, with Secretary who was left-handed with bot}'i hands, 
twenty-two that were years back, nineteen 
importations equal to those for the last three 
to whonl they did not like to lend. I thilBk that 
of thern failed and {ost their capital. A good years under 
the present tariff—that is, upon i was one great trouble. I desire to state what my 
nntny of them had LO pay installments after they bill would give more than opinion is about. the credit of this Government. I 
set up the factory; and but three or four are stand- of duties, instead of $144,000,000, 
think the Government of the United States has 
ine the whole set. They have fought through which we have received under the present tariff. got the first mortgage upon all the property in 
and have succeedtad ii) the end when others faili-'d It is my deliberate judgment that the Treasury ; every State of this Union; and that t.he creditors 
Although expect, if we are ever of the States have only second mortcraffes. That 
pioneer company was made up of a parcel of I blessed with a majority i') this body and the Obher 
mechanics w_ho owned but very little stock, but House, to reduce the expenses vastly, yet the inw ted States that did not take precedence of all other 
