1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
891 
Mr. LANE. •If the Senate agree to that, I have 
no objection to the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any 
objection to the amendment proposed by the Sen- 
ator from Virginia? The Chair hears none. No 
objection being made, the third section of the bill 
will be amended according to the sucygestion of 
the Senator from Virginia, and it is so amended. 
Mr. HALE. I beg your pardon, sir. 
1 did 
not understand that agreement to go to that ex- 
I understood the agreement was, that the 
tent. 
Senator might move his amendment. 
I did not 
agree that unanimous consent should be given to 
its adoption. 
Mr. MASON. I so understood, that I should 
be at liberty to make motion. 
Mr. HALE. That is all 1 understood, and all 
that I agree to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion 
can bc entertained only by unanimous consent. 
Mr. HALE. I consent to it; but that is not 
consenting that the motion be adopted. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
Representatives, which Senators choose to call a 
test oath. If Senators wish to amend the bilt by 
striking out the words " non-commissioned off- 
cers and privates," I do not know that I care a 
great deal about it. I see no reason why it should 
not apply to non-commissioned offcers, and no 
special reason why it should not apply to the pri- 
vates. Certainly, if they are called out for any 
special service, it should be applied to them. 
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
begs leave to state that a motion was made to 
reconsider the third reading of the bill; and the 
third reading having been reconsidered, and the 
Senator from Arkansas having moved a recom- 
mittal of the bill, that motion now takes prece- 
dence of the consideration of the motion to amend; 
and the question before the Senate is on the re- 
committal of the bill to the Committee on Mili- 
tar y Affairs and M.ilitia. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President, 
I have made this motion 
Mr. BRAGG. Withdraw it. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. see no reason 
suggests a distinction which the Chair is unable why I should withdraw it; but if the Senator will 
to comprehend. Thc amendment can be made by take the floor, and state the reasons why I should 
unanimous consent only. 
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President— 
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. 
do so, I will give way to him. 
Mr. BRAGG. It can be amended. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
If it is to be 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will amended. do not desire a recommittal. 
Mr. •sy ILSON. I suppose it is desired that 
hear the question of order. 
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Virginia 
unanimous consent to make a motion to amend 
the bill, and unanimous consent is given to the 
Senator, and thereupon the Chair decides that the 
motion prevails. That is the appeal I make. 
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from New Hamp 
shire is clearly mistaken. That was not thc 
motion of the Scnator from Virginia. 
Mr. HALE. It is what he says it was. 
Mr. FITCH. It was that unanimous consent 
should be given to have a vote on the third section 
of the bill reconsidered, in order that hc might 
move to amend it. Hence the necessity of unan- 
imous consent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
—and the only question that can be presented in 
this state of the bill upon the proposition to 
amend it—is, whether it shall be amended accord- 
ing to the suggestion, by unanimous consent. 
There is no question as to entertaining a motion 
to amend. The question is: " Shall it be amended 
according to the suggestion ? ' ' 
Mr. MASON. It stands in this way: I was 
not present when the bill was taken up, and it 
had been read three times when I came in. I pre- 
surned it was in a condition to be amended, and 
I was informed by the Chair 
made the motion. 
every Senator who votes upon this bill shall fairly 
understand it. 
I do not know that there is any 
pressincr emergency to get it through in ono or 
I do not know that anything will 
two days. 
arise under it in a few days that "•.ve need to hurry 
- it. 
I called it up for the purpose of' getting it 
through, as we had reported it; but if the Senator 
from Arkansas desires to examine. the bill with 
more care, and wishes to recommit it to the Com- 
mittce on Military Affairs for that purpose, I do 
not object to it. 
I will state, 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
then, I have confidence that this bill is unobjec- 
tionable. That was the feeling with which I sup- 
I had no idea there was 
ported it at the time. 
anything in it that could bc considered in the 
nature of a test oath. The misfortune of such a 
measure as•that, with the destructive and unhappy 
effects it would have upon the people of the Dis- 
trict, I thought were palpable to every member 
of the committee. That was the conviction I had I 
I will now withdraw the 
in supporting the bill. 
motion to recommit, with a view to enable the 
Senate to get clear of the only objection that I 
hear raised to the bill, by striking out the provis- 
ion which has been alluded to. If Ibat is not done, 
I shall renew the motion to recommit the bill to 
that the motion was out of order, because the bill the Committee on Military Affairs for further 
had been read three times. I tl)cn said I presumed, consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion 
by unanimous consent, I could make the motion; 
to recommit having been withdrawn, the question 
and if I could not do it in that way, I could move 
recurs on the amendment offered by the Senator 
to reconsider the third reading of the bill; and 
from Virginia. 
avoid this question, I will move that thc vote on 
the third readinx of the bill be reconsidered. 
Thc PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Virginia, then, withdraws for the tin-le beino• 
his motion to amend, and moves to reconsider the 
vote ordering the. bill to be read a third time. 
The motion to reconsider was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
recurs on ordering the bill to be read the third 
time, and an amendment is now in order. 
Mr. MASON. I move to amend the bill by 
striking out so much of tbc third section as im- 
poses an oath on the privates. The amendment 
IS, in line two of the third section to strike out 
II Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
I desire to in- 
quire of the Chair whether, if the Senate decline 
to amend the bill by striking that provision out, 
it will still be in my power to 'nove a recommit- 
tal of the bill? I should be glad to know that 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no 
question about that. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. very well. 1 
will allow the vote to be taken on that amcndmcnt 
beföt•e I movc to recommit the bill. 
E Mr. GRIMES. I trust the motion of the Sen- 
the thinghad not been påtlin; 
what is the objection to requiring',théSegeritlemen 
who organize themselves into militia: companies 
to take an oath to support the Constitution of the 
United States? There is a good deal of expense 
incurred by the Government of the United States 
in behalf of these militia companies. We have 
defaced our public grounds, marred,the beauty of 
the finest square in the city, that was left uS us a 
sacred trust for the ornament of the city, and at 
public expense built a large, unsightly arsenal for 
the militia of this District. The Government Of 
the United States is at considerable expense for 
them ; and if there is any possible service they can 
ever be called upon to do, it is to maintain the 
Constitution of the United States, and the laws; 
and I ask why this peculiar sensitiveness at this 
time in moving to strike out this provision? Do 
gentlemen see anything in the state of the coun- 
try at this time that induces them to let this thing 
go out to the country that- the Senate of the Uni- 
ted States called up a bill for the organization of 
the militia of the District, and the only possible 
objection that was made to it was that there Was 
a provision in it that the militia should take an 
oath to support the Constitution of the United 
States, and the Senate would not pass it until that 
was stricken out. Sir, if that is stricken out, I 
am against the bill entirely. 
Mr. LANE. I will say, with the permission 
of the Senator from Massachusetts, who feels an 
interest in the bill, that the best thing we gan do 
with it, with the cert_ainty that it will be reported 
back in a few days, is to re-refer it to the Com- 
miltee on Military Affairs. Let them have an op- 
portunity of examining it carefully, and they will 
directly report it back; it will then, without any 
kind of question, pass the Senate in good time, 
pass the House of Representatives, and become 
the law of the land. I trust, in order that all Sen- 
ators may be satisfied that the bill has becn thor- 
oughly examined and reported by that Commit- 
tee, with a recommendation that it may pass, as 
I know it 'yvill, that it may be recommitted; and 
I move that the bill be recommitted to the Com- 
mittee on Militar Affairs. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. When called 
into the• service of the United States, there is no 
doubt that the privates, as well as the offcers, 
must take an oath; but I think we shall not find 
in the history of the laws of any of the Slates, or 
of the Unitcd States, regulating the militia, that 
the privates are bound, or ought to be compelled, 
to take an oath when they are not in active ser- 
vice—when they arc not in a state of war. When 
South Carolina, twenty-eight years ago, imposed 
an oath of allegiance upon the offcers of the mi- 
litia, it almost involved the State in civil war. It 
was called a test oath, and the parties almost came 
into hostility; but there was no attempt in that 
case to impose an oath upon the privates. This 
is the first instance, I think, that we can find in 
the history of the laws of the United States, -or of 
the. States, or of the District of Columbia, where 
any attempt of this kind has been made. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on 'the motion to recommit the bill to the Com- 
mittec on Military Affairs and Militia. 
The motion was agreed to. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
Mr. FITCH. I move to take up ibe bill re- 
ported by me from the Committee on Printing this 
morning, in regard to the printing of extra num- 
bers of documents. 
It is very brief, and relates 
ator from Virginia will prevail, and that this pro- to the public business. The object of it is to save 
some money to the public Treasury. It will lead 
to no discussion whatever, and hope it will now 
non-commissioned omoers and pri- vision will be stricken out. In the first place, I 
the words 
believe it is not usual to require an oath of per- 
vates.' 
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say one word in re- sons who are engaged in the volunteer service of be taken up. 
the country; and in the second place, even if it The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No 
gard to the bill. As we all understand, it was 
I introduced the bill was required, everybody who is familiar with 552) relative to printing extra numbers of mes• 
framed by a commission. 
here without making any changes in it. The l, human nature knows that, notwithstanding all saoes,reports, and documents, was read twice by 
its title, and considered as in the Committee of the 
bill ',vas placed in my hands by Colonel Hickey, the promises or oaths that you can create—you 
It directs that from and after the close 
with an earnest request thatwc should get the bill may pile them on, mountain high—if a man is ' Whole. 
of the present session of Congress, no extra num- 
—those in- disposed to be a coward or a traitor, he will vio- 
through; that the omcers in the District 
II bers of any message, report, or document what 
—had been late his oath and act according to his nature. 
terested in the military of the Distnct 
very anxious, for many months, to have it done. i i Mr. HALE. Iam opposed to striking this oath ever, shall be ordered to be •printed by eithel 
I introduced the bill as it came from him, without I ; out; and I think it would have a bad aspect to the House of Congress, except by joint resolution, 
examining it; ordered the bill to be printed; and country, to go outatthis time that, on the question reported from the Joint Committee on Printing • 
when it was printed, read the bill through with of the passage of a bill organizing the militia of this and that motions of either House Of Conuress to 
I supposcd that this section of the Dist.nct, a requisition calling upon them to pledge print extra numbers shall be -referred -tc that 
some care. 
committee. 
themselves to support the Constitution and laws 
bill was understood by all the members of the 
1 should; Mr. FITCH. The 
Itis certainly very different from the of thc United States vvas stricken out. 
committee. 
Other proposition which came from the House of il think very much with the Senator from Iowa, if object is simply to prevent the printing ot use 
