1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
895 
the Capitol, the votes being counted and the result 
proclaimed. 
Mr. GROM,T. Gen tlemen seem to trouble them- 
selves a good deal about General Scott on all 
occasions. 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION. 
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled joint reso- 
lution (H. R. No. 39) directing the accounting 
offcers of the Treasury to settle the accounts of the 
late Robert Stockton, quartermaster, &c.; ••.vhen 
the Speaker signed the same. 
ADJOURNMENT. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 demanded the yeas and 
nays on the motion to adjourn. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I ask the 
gentleman from Kentucky to withdraw the call 
for the yeas and nays, and let us take the ques- 
tion by tellers. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 have no objection 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. BUFFINTON 
and HOARD were appointed. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes 76, noes 46. 
Mr. CURTIS called for the yeas and nays. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers on the 
yeas and nays. 
Tellers were ordered; and the same gentlemen 
were appointed. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes thirty-three. 
So (more than one fifth voting in favor thereof) 
the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
I Mr. HINDMAN. I insist upon it that the cor- 
rect principle is nothing else is in order durincy 
the roll call. 
Mr. BURCH. It is a question relating to the 
matter before the House. 
Mr. CURTIS (when his was called) said: 
Understanding that this matter will come up in 
the mornino• as unfinished business, and as mem- I 
bers seem anxious to adjourn, I ask leave to with- 
draw the call for the yeas and nays. 
There being no objection, the call for the yeas 
and nays was withdrawn; and thereupon (at two 
o'clock and twenty minutes, p. m,) the House 
adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
THURSDAY, February 14, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. 
BULL the committee of one on the part of tbc Sen- 
ate to join the committee that may be appointed 
I by the House of Representatives, to infOrrn the 
President and Vice Presiden t elect of their election. 
CONSOLIDATED LAND OFFICES. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Commit- 
tee on Public Lands, to whom was referred the 
• bill (H. R. No. 841) making further provision in 
relation to consolidated land offces, have instruct- 
ed me to report it back without amendment, and 
at the same time to propose to put it on its passage 
It is a bill of public importance, relating 
now. 
to our public land systen'l, and there is no occa- 
Sion for debate in regard to it. 
It is recommended 
Mr. CURTIS. I again appeal to gentlemen to by the General Land Office, and the scope of it 
allow this matter to go over as a special order. 
Mr. BURNETT. Nothing is in order but the 
call of the roll. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think that gentlemen on 
both sides of the House are laboring under a mis- 
apprehension. 
It seems to me that if we now 
adjourn, the gentleman's motion to postpone will 
come up in the morning, as unfinished business. 
Mr. CURTIS. I would like to know hovvy 
that is. 
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair 
that— 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object to everything except 
the calling of the roll. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Chair has a right 
to answer the question. 
Mr. RUFFIN. 1 object. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I rise to a ques- 
tion of order. 
I can state in a word or two. It is now the law, 
that when local land offices in a State no longer 
pay theirown expenses they shall be consolidated. 
That is the law already; but no proper provision 
has been made by law for taking care of the rec- 
ords, and for the payment of the necessary cx- 
I ask that the 
penses to carry out that system. 
bill bc put on its passage. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 think petitions must 
be first rcccivcd. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. 
in the chair.) Petititions have preference under 
the rule; but the Senator from Arkansas may in- 
sist on his motion. 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 ask the Senator from Ark- 
ansas if this is the bill that makes an appropria- 
tion for the payment of clerks ? 
JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is not the 
bill which makes that appropriation; there is a 
special bill before us for that purpose. This pro- 
Mr. PHELPS. How a order 
vides simply for the unprovided expenses of con- • 
be entertained when the House is voting ? 
solidated land offices. 'The law is, that t.hpy shall 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 have the floor, 
be consolidated; but provision has not been made 
If the gentleman from Missouri will allow me. 
The SPEAKER. Nothing is in order except as to the manner of doing it, and the payment of 
in regard to the motion to adjourn. 
tion with that that I desire to state my point of 
I understand that the Chair was 
an opinion as to ivhether, if the House should 
adjourn now, this matter would come u.) as un- 
finished business to-morrosv. I ask for t le opin- 
ion of the Chair. 
Mr. WINSLOW. Thatis nota order. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. It is a 
of order. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot consider 
that as a point of order; but there is no impro- 
priety in the question being asked and answered. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina under- 
stood the Chair to decide, a while ago, that he 
could not answer the question if objection were 
made. 
The SPEAKER. If objection be made, the vote 
must be proceeded with. 
Mr. BURCH (when his name was called) said : 
I cannot vote understandingly, unless the Chair 
decides the question asked. [Calls to order.] 
Mr. SICKLES addressed the Chair. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, and others, 
called the gentleman from New York to order. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 have aright to be recognized 
by the Speaker. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 call the gentleman to order. 
The calling of the roll has been commenced, and 
nothing else is in order. 
Mr. BURCH. 1 desire to the Chairaques- 
tion, the answer to which will influence Iny vote. 
[Calls to order.] 
I the expenses. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Marylahd. It is in connec- Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 not wish to 0b- 
struct anything that my friend from Arkansas 
I desires so urgently as he does this; but it occurs 
to me that, in the morning hour, petitions ought 
to be preferred to bills being put upon their pas- 
sage, or being debated. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Petitions 
first named in the order of business; but it is in 
the powor of the Senate to change that order by 
a vote, and it is the duty of the Chair, when such 
a motion is made, to submit it to the Senate. 
It. is notorious 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
that all the morning hour, for some considerable 
time, has been consumed with petitions. These 
petitions every mornino• recur; they amount to 
about the stune thing every time; tbey carry not 
one particle of force on the face of God's earth 
here in tbc Senate, which is the place they are 
designed to act on. These petitions consume all 
the time here; and I know that the mass of Sena- 
tors (if' not almost every one) are tired of hearing 
them. If they were presented, as they are in the 
other House, under the rule there, without con- 
suming time, it would be all the better; but if I 
recollect rightly, there is not a positive provision 
This bill has been- put before the _ Senape this 
way. I trust the Senator will allow it to pass; as 
it is a bill of- actual importance, and econom- 
ical bill to the Government of the United States in 
relation to the public land system. 
I wouldhöt 
urge it but for the fact that I am instructed to do 
so by the committee, and- I am satisfied of its im- 
portance. 
The motion was agreed to; and t.he bill (H, R. 
No. 841) making further provision in relation to 
consolidated land omces, was considered as in 
Committee of the Whole. 
It provides !hat here- 
after the register the consolidated land dis- 
trict at Boonville, In the State of Missouri, and 
of all other consolidated land districts, in conse- 
quence of additional duties imposed upon him, 
and in. addition to the fees now allowed by law, 
shall be entitled to charge and receive for making 
transcripts forindividuals, or furnishing any other 
record information respecting public lands or land 
titles in his consolidated land district, such fees as 
are properly authorized by the tariff existing in 
the local courts in that district; but the whole 
amount of the register's compensation, including 
all fees and commissions to which he is entitled 
under existing laws, is not to exceed $3,000 per 
annum, or pro rata per quarter, and the excess, if 
any, over that amount, is to be paid into the Treas- 
urv of the United States; and the receiver is to 
receive his equal share of the fees, and it is to be 
his duty to aid the register in the preparation of 
the transcripts, or giving the record information. 
II also proposes to authorize the Secretary of the 
Interior to make a reasonable allowance for office 
rent for anv consolidated offce; and when satis- 
fied of the necessity therefor, to approve the em- 
ployment by the register of one or more clerks, 
at a reasonable per diem compensation. for such 
time as they arc al)solutely required to keep up 
the current public business, to be paid out of the 
surplus fees authorized to be charged, if any, and, 
if no surplus exists, out of the appropriation for 
incidental expenses of district land offices; but no 
clerk is to be so paid unless his employment has 
bccn first sanctioned by the Secretary of the In- 
terior. The bill also extends to and provides for 
all expenses heretofore incurred by any register 
or receiver of any consolidated land office, for 
additional clerical aid or offce, room. 
It is unne- 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
cessary to say more, I I have said. 
'Phe bill applies to all consolidated land omces, 
and is according to the reconnnendalion of the 
Interior Department. 
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to 
a third reading, read the third time, and passed. 
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED. 
The following bills from the House of Repre- 
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles, 
and referred as indicated below: 
A bill (No. 115) for the relief of the legal rep- 
resentatives of David G. Bates—to the Committee 
on Claims. 
A bill (No. 734) for the relief of Mrs. Ann E. 
Smoot, widow of the late Captain Joseph Smoot, 
United States Navy—to the Committee on Naval 
Affairs. 
EXTENSION CAPITOL GROUNDS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate 
a report of the district attorney of the United 
States for the District of Columbia, relative to the 
value of certain real estate in the city of Wash- 
ington; which was referred to the Cormnittee on 
Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be 
printed. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. K TNG presented a petition of citizens of 
New York, praying the passage ofa law to pre- 
vent all further tramc in, and monopoly of, the 
public lands of the United States; and that they 
be laid out in farms or lots of limited size for the 
free and exclusive use of actual settlers only; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. BINGI-IAM presented resolutions of the 
that a petition shall have preference over a report Legislature of Michigan against a renewal of the 
and even if they were, unless patent for McCormick's reaping machihe; which 
from a corm-uitlee•, 
were ordered to lie ark the table. 
the reception of the report from tho committee is 
Mr. PEARCE presented papers in relation to 
objected to at the time, it cannot be ruled that the 
the acceptation of a complimentary testimonial 
presentation of the roport is out of order. •When- 
ever the t•e.port. is presented and is accepted by the presented by the Emperor of Russia to Captain 
Seriate, of course the Senate is capable of cnter- i' William L. Hudson, of the Navy; which were 
referred to the Committee on F0*eign Relations. 
II taining a motion to put the bill on its passage. 
