896 
THE CONGmSSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 148 
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of Row- 
land Johnson, praying that an appropriation be 
made to furnish food and raimentto the destitute 
people of' Kansas; which was . ordered to lie on 
the table. 
Mr. SEWARD. I present a memorial of ex- 
Governor Thomas Brown, of Florida, admin- 
iSti•ator of George Fisher, deceased, protesting 
against the repeal of the act of Congress of June 
1, 1860, which provided for the adjustment of the 
accounts Of the decedent, which I- ask may be- re- 
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs; and 
as thöre are no Senators now-Qr_esent frorn that 
State, I am requested to call the attention of the 
Committee on Indian- Affairs especially to the 
subject. 
Mr., CLARK. 1 will state to the Senator from 
New -York that the Committee on Indian Affairs 
have already passed upon that resolution of Fish- 
er, and will report it in a day or two. 
The rnemorial wras referred to the Committee 
on Indian Afthirs. 
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a memorial of im- 
porting merchants of Philadelphia, setting forth 
that they do not regard the limitation of the ware- 
housing system proposed in the tariff bill now 
before Congress as injurious; which was ordered 
to lie on the table. 
STATE OF THE UNION. 
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of 
Granville, Ohio, in favor of the Union', the Con- 
stitution as it is, and the enforcement of all the 
laws; which was Ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. CAMERON presented two petitions of 
citizenS of Léhigh coünty , Pennsylvania, praying 
for the adoption of the compromise measures pro- 
posed by Mr. CRITTENDEN; which were ordered 
to lie on the table. 
He also presented a petition of citizens of the 
cities of Pittsburg and Alleghany, Pennsylvania, 
praying for the enactment of such laws as will f 
save the country; which was ordered to lie on the 
table. 
He also presented two petitions of citizens of 
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, in favor of the 
Union, the Constitution as it is, and the enforce- 
ment of all the laws; which were ordered to lie 
on the table. 
He also presented six petitions of citizens of 
Philadelphia, without distinction of party, pray- 
ing Congress to stand firm for the Union, the 
Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of all 
the laws; which were ordered to lie on the table. 
He also presented a petitioil of citizens of Lan- 
caster county, Pennsylvania, for the 
adoption of the compromise rneasurcs proposed 
by Mr. CRITTENDEN ; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of four 
atoga county, New York, for tho adoption of the 
Crittenden amendments; which was ordered to 
lic on t-l'ie table. 
I-Ie also presen t.cd a memorial of the Cham ber of I 
the passage of the tariff bill now before Con- 
gress•, w Ilieh was ordered to lie on the table, and 
be printed. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senator from Ohio 
[Mr. .PÜGII,] upon leaving here, in consequence 
of sickness, I believe, in his family, left With rne 
a petition, which he desired me to present. The 
Mr. MORRILL presented a memorial of citi- Constitution, is not just cause for revolution; and 
zens of Frankfort, Maine, praying for the speedy when they have become undeceived in reference 
adoption of measures of conciliation and compro- II to the principles gnd policy of the Rep'ublican 
I i party, they will acknowledge their mistake, and, 
mise; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
He also presented a memorial of citizens of like good and loyal citizens, submit to the rule of 
Richmond, Maine, praying the adoption of meas- 
ures of Conciliation and compromise; •wvhich was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of citi- 
zens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in favor of 
the Union, the Constitution as it is, and the en- 
forcement of all the laws; which •was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a memorial of 
citizens of Westbrook, Maine, praying for the 
adoption of Ineasures of conciliation and compro- 
mise; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. POLK presented a petition of citizens of 
Pike county, Missouri, praying for the adoption 
of the compromise measures proposed by Hon. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN ; which was ordered to lie on 
the table. 
Mr. BINGHAM. I present joint resolutions 
of the Legislature of the State of Michigan, on 
the state of the Union, and ask that they be read. 
The Secretary read them, as follows: 
Joint Resolutions on the state of the Union. 
Whereas certain citizens of the. United States are at this 
time in open rebellion against the Government, and by 
overt acts threatcn• its peace md harmony, and to cornpass 
its final overthrow : 'Eliereföre, 
Resolved, That the Government of the United States is 
supreme, with full inherent powers of self-pmtection and 
defense. 
Resolved, That Mlchigan adheres to t.he Government as 
ordained by the Constitution, and, for eustaining it intact, 
hereby pledges and tenders to the General Government ail 
its military power and material resources. 
Rcsoh•cd. That concession and compronlise are not to be 
entertained or offered to traitors, while the rights and in- 
ests of Union-loving citizens should be regarded and re- 
spected in every place and under all circumstances. 
Resolved, 'I'hat. his Excelleney tilC Governor bc requested 
to fatwa rd a eopv of these resolutions to out Senators and 
Representatives in Congress, and to the Governors of our 
sister States. 
JAMES 
President of the Senatc. 
DEXTER MÜSSEY, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
Approved, February 2, 1861. 
AUSTIN BLAIR, Governor. 
Mr. BINGIIAM These 
idcnt, passcd the Legislature of Michigan with 
great unanimity. In the Senate, composed of 
thirty-two members, thirty voted in their favor; 
and in the House of Representatives, of about 
eighty members. only six, I think, voted against 
them. In my judgment, the people of Michigan, 
in a proportion fully as great, entertain the satne 
sentiments and principles. '1" I'ley declare, in the 
most emphatic language, that " the Government 
of Illc United States is supreme, with full inherent 
powers of self-protection and defense." 
A Gov- 
ernmcnt destitute of such powers, a Government 
of confederated States, from which any of then'l 
can withdraw nt pleasure, in their judgment and 
in mine, is perföctly worthless, if, indeed, it de- 
scrves to bc called by the name of Government. 
They also declare that the Constitution is the 
supreme law of the land, and that all its provis- 
ions should be obeyed and enforced alike in every 
portion of the Confederacy. Ellhey have no sym- 
path y with rebellion or treason, nor with that 
class of )nen, whether connected with the Admin- 
the least exacting and best Government on the 
face of the globe. 
Its benefits and blessings have 
been showered upon all, its burdens scarce felt 
by any; but if, in. their hardness and blindness, 
they shall continue in open violation of the laws, 
the Government will deserve the contempt of its 
own citizens, and of the civilized world, if it sub- 
mits to its own destruction for fear of the sense- 
less and unmeaning cry of coercion. The enforce- 
ment of the laws of the land-over every inc,h of 
this broad Republic is not coercion in any offens- 
ive sense, but a duty imposed by the most solemn 
obligations, and which cannot be disregarded or 
neglected. When a Government, either from in- 
tention or imbecility, refuses to administer its 
own laws alike everywhere, it has already become 
a party to its own disintegration and annihilation. 
The duty of preserving the Union is imposed 
upon every man who takes an oath to support the 
Constitution, and no means should be left untried 
to avoid collision and bloodshed consistent with 
that fidelity to principles which no man can prop- 
erly surrender; but any concession which would 
H vet mo•re closely the fetters of slavery, or extend 
that institution over new territory, will be resisted 
by the people of Michigan by all peaceable and 
lawful means. 
I move that the resolution be laid upon the table, 
and printed. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 present the memorial 
of several gentlemen in the state of Minnesota, 
in relation to the state of the Union; and I wish 
simply to remark that they are members of the 
Legislature—the Senate and House of Represent- 
atives—of that State, and embrace, I believe, 
every Republican member of that body. They 
are in striking contrast, Mr. President, With the 
petitions which have been received from the cities 
of Boston, New York, and Philadelphia, and other 
places, so numerously signed, and presented here 
m favor of the Crittenden propositions. And I 
wish simply to state that, in my humble judg- 
ment, if Senators, or if the people, would ascer- 
tain what the true sentirnent of the country is, 
they must get off from the sidewalks of our cities; 
they must go away ft•orn thc commercial districts 
of this country; they must penetrate into thc in- 
terior; for I am satisfied that it is now here in this 
country precisely as it was two thousand years 
ago in lheOld World, when it was declared that— 
Honor sinks where commerce long prevails." 
If Senators would ascertain what the true senti- 
ment of the country is, they must go to the wool- 
growing regions of Vermont, to the wheat-fields 
of New York, to the agricultural and mining dis- 
tricts of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir; they must pen- 
etrate to the very heart of the eight million of 
Northwest, and ask them thisauestion; are you 
prepared to make a surrender of your convictions. 
of your principles, of your honor, at the biddinø 
of organized rebels and traitors? And, sir, when 
that answer comes, as come it certainly will when 
the question is presented to the people, timid Sen- 
istration or otherwise, who have rifled the public ators and timid Representatives will learn, I ap- 
Treasury, and nearly destroyed the credit of the prehend, what the true sentiment of this country 
Government; who have seized our forts and rev- 
is. Now, sir, representing a people who, three 
pctilion is short. 
It is Crom the citizens of the vessels, plnndefed our arsenals, robbed our months ago, decided a great question, a question 
city Of Portsmouth, Ohio, about five hundred in mints, fired upon our vessels of commerce, and which was decided by the all powerful verdict of 
number, praying for the adoption Of the proposi- are, this day, menacing the destruction of the gal- 
the American people, I, for one, am not prepared 
tions which have been submitted to the Senate to i' lant Anderson in Fort Sumter. Such gross vio- 
I move t-htü it bc 
to abandon that verdict, or to surrender and give 
settle our national troubles. 
lations of law, such wanton outrages, escem to it up. 
lai(t on the table. 
them perfectly inexcusable; and they will not hes- 
1 represent, as this petition will show, a con- 
The motion was agreed to. 
itate to characterize them with the strong language I stituency and a State which plant themselves upon 
Mr. CRITTENDELN-T presented a petition of of treason, which they deserve Wrongs of such 
that verdict, and there they intend to stand. And 
citizens of the t.own of Oyster Bay, New York, 
enormity should be immediately redressed; and I will here say, Mr. President, that no menaces, 
• for the adoption of the compromise 
prayit)0 
to enable the Governmcnt to recover its jurisdic- 
no threats of x,var, no military display, no tramp 
measures proposed by him; which was ordered 
tion so tamely and cowardly surrendered, t.(_) en- 
of armed men, no glittering bayonets, will drive 
to lip on the table. 
force its laws, and to punish rebellion, if it be the people of the Northwest frorn that position. 
Elc also presented a memorial of citizens of necessary, the State at' Ad ichigan pledges and The demand, sir, which was first madc of the 
pravino- for the adoption of the compromise I 
tenders to the General Government all its material North upon this floor was made four weeks from 
pr(jposeci by the representatives of the resources and its military power 
the time the verdict of the people was rendered; 
border States, or by I-Ion. Mr. DOUGLAS ; which W 
I think I may say, Mr. President, for the peo- 
and that demand was simply this: you must sur- 
was ordered to iie on the table. 
plc of Michigan, 
that they indulge a conndent 
He a\so presented a petition of citizens hope that with the sober second thought the peo- principles, you must make a surrender of your 
ple of the slaveholding States wili come to the political faith, or this Union must be broken up. 
compromise measures proposed by him; which l; conclusion that the election ofa Republican Pres- That was the plain import of the demand which 
ident, by the peaceful mode prescribed by the was made to the country, and 1 am pained, I am 
