902 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 14, 
trade, from the poor seamstress whose sorrows 
have been so well sung in the " song of the shirt," 
who plies her busy needle from morn till night in 
order to eke out a scanty subsistence, up to the 
smith, who makes the air resound with the blows 
of his hammer on the anvil. This collector of 
taxes upon ir&n gathers tribute from everybody; 
from the ax of the woodman, before whose sturdy 
stroke the forest is daily falling around us; from 
the wheel of the miller, from every bolt, every 
chain, and every anchor, that belongs to a ship; 
from the plow of the farm, from the iron horse 
which transports man and his products, and from 
the rail upon which hc rolls. 
It taxes the rattle 
of the child and the material of •which the deep- 
mouthed-cannon is made. He is everywhere. He 
enters into the kitchen of the poor, into the parlor 
of the rich. He gathers pence from poverty and 
pounds from the wealthy. He takes alike the 
kettle which is boiling in the kitchen, and the vast 
enTine which propels your ship; and he who is 
thuscollectingtribute everywhere, is to be allowed 
to raise it to this monstrous rate. 
M c. President, do you believe it will be borne? 
Is it politic for the iron-masters themselves to ask 
this enormous tribute? Why, sir, if it comes to 
this, that we are to legrislate for special and class 
interests, why may not the railroad men come and 
say, we are of vastly morc importance to the 
country than iron-masters; we have greatly morc 
capital embarked; 
there are a crreat, rnany naore 
people interested in our enterprises; we represent 
a much larger interest; and it' special interests are 
to be favored, take t.hc duty off railroad iron and 
tax everybody else?" It was said, I believe, ofa 
French officer who, it was thought, had been im- 
properly executed in the East Indies, that " every- 
body had a right to kill ' Lally,' except the exe- 
cutioner." Everybody would have & right to 
complain of such a demand on the. part of the 
railroad men, except the iroll-master. How could 
a man, who is getting over 40 per cent. upon iron, 
complain if the railroad interest came in and asked 
for special legislation? Keep your duties down 
to a revenue standarc.l, and I will resist rail- 
road man. He vrroukd then have no right to cotnc 
here, but should pay duties as well as other peo- 
ple. But if have to decide ina matter of special 
legislation as to who is best entitled to 
the iron-masters or the railroad men, am I not 
bound to admit that there is rnueh more capital 
invested and a great many more people in 
in railroads than in iron works? can doubt 
What becomes of thosc who arc engaged in the 
mechanic arts? What becomes of tbc farmer, who 
is so dependent for iron for thc irnplemcuts of his 
farm? What becolnes; of the ship-builder, who 
is requiring daily Inore and of iron, to keep 
up with the prcrrress in the arts and with the inl- 
roveinents which are croinm on? Why, it has 
ecome a Inaterial for houses, Cor ships, for thou- 
sands of things in daily and connnon Uso and it 
is upon this necessary of life that •we proposo t.hi.s 
enormous taxation. Sir, it cannot last. 
I pose 
a duty, lay the tax, pass the bill, and it cannot. 
last. Not that the South can prevent it. W c arc 
too weak now to prevent anything; but the great 
ings, pelisse cloths, habit cloths, ladies' cloakings, fancies, 
tweeds, plains, and felts, or goods of a similar character, 
valued at 25 cent,s, and not exceeding 75 cents per square 
yard, 16 cents per pound and 20 per cent. ad calorem; at 
50 cents per square yard, from 41k to 84 per cent. ad •valo- 
rcm. 
I wrote to thc custom-house to know what the 
proposed changes would make in this statement 
they gave upon woolen goods; and here is the 
answer± The bill, if amended as proposed, will 
lay a tax on Wi}ton, Saxony, and Aubusson 
patent velvet, Tournay velvet, and tapestry vel- 
vet carpets and carpeting, and all medallion or 
whole carpets, valued at $1 25 or under per square 
yard, 32 to 44 per cent. ; on the same, valued at 
over 25, from to 37 per cent. ; on Brussels 
ditto, from 20 to 4i pcr cent. ; on Venetian, from 
30 to 66 per cent. ; on treble-ingrain, from 28} to 
34 per cent. ; on hemp or jute carpeting, from 32 
to 40 per cent.•,. on druggets—which I am told is 
an article of cornmon consumption—from 41?; to 
Ill per cont.; on wool cloths and coatings, from 
20 to 10() per ccnt.; on blankets, from 34 to 75 per 
cont.; on wool shawls. from 30 to 46', per cent. ; 
on unmanufactured wool, costing cents, IGI 
per cent. ad valorem; costing 24 cents, 12å per 
cent. ad caloretn; costincr 24}, per cent. ad 
That may suit the grower of fine wool, but it 
will hardly suit the manufacturer. 
is a statement made by Mr. Hutton, who repre 
sents the importers of woolen goods, which I sup- 
I will not 
pose most of the Senate have seen. 
weary them by going through it, as all have seen 
I will only advert to the fact that on an arti- 
it. 
cle of such primo necessity as blankets, the duties 
are rated at 81, 40, 76, 38, 34, 70, 58, 47, and 49 
per centum. On woolen cloths, kerseys, and cas- 
sirneres, duties range from 34 to per cent. 
On beaver cloths, Duflil, and pilots, they ran oc 
from 35 to 48 per cent. Does any man believe 
that a tariff which lays such duties as these. upon 
the coarser woolen goods, upon f.hose goods which 
are Inos•t generally consumed, can raise anything 
like the rcvcnuc ofa tariff of 24 percent. ? It will 
be found, when we come to look at it, that the 
consumption of thesp imported articles in the 24 
per cent. schedule, with the exception of iron—I 
mean of textile f'äbrios—is increasing under that 
reduction, and the revenue is increasi1V under it. 
I do not believe that upon most of them we shall 
get an add itional dollar by increasing the reven ne. 
(l)n the coyl Irary, I have nvdoubts, althouffh I do 
if' we should not have morc 
not propose to do it, 
Inone.y by :rradually diminishing the duties on 
I will pass over 
I come now, sir, to cottons. 
the article of spool-thread, an article of prime 
necessity, on whick•r. the amended tariff' proposes 
a of 30 per cent. , and on which we have had 
some statements that go fhr to show that t Ike ad- 
ditional duty v." ill be nearly prohibitory; and 
come to sonu_) other articles upon which we have 
been so directly iriförmed. The custom-house 
, appraisers say that, u n (ler the proposed bill, ready- 
composed wh Olly or in part of 
n) ad e 
wool, SD far as they have becn able to test it, will 
carry a duty of 28, 40, and 45 per cent. ad oa- 
l,orcnz. Unbleached cottons, they furnish two 
Mr. SIMMONS. Do you call them manufac- 
tures of cotton? I thought they were made out 
of another kind of stuff. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 suppose cotton bagging is 
It is put under that head. 
cotton. 
Mr. SIMMONS. He must be a very smart 
man, if he says this gunny-cloth is made out of 
cot.ton. 
Mr. HUNTER. Be it so. The article is in- 
dispensable to every cotton planter, I do not care 
what you call .it, or of what material it bc made; 
and if he pays from 37 to 73 per cent. , it matters 
to him very little what you call it. 
Mr. S[M.MONS. There is no such duty Wit. 
M. HUNTER. The duty on herrings ranges 
from 25 to per cent. 
Mr. SIMMONS. On what? 
Mr. HUNTER. On herrings, pickled or salted, 
The importat ions are 
at one dollar per barrel. 
large. Barrel No. 1, 25 per cent. ; No. 2, 25 per 
cent. ; and No. 3, 33å per cent." So say the cus- 
tom-house appraisers. 
The monstrous duties which were proposed on 
glass in the bill as it came from the i•louse, have 
been a good deal reduced by the amendments of 
the committee. Still find, according to a recent 
custom-house statement, that the duties on glass 
rangc from 28 to 62 per cent. * 
I have here a statement made by the appraisers 
I will not read the whole of 
in regard to cWars. 
it, for the statement is made upon the.bill as sent 
from the House which is proposed to be amended 
but I will read this: 
German cigars range froin 5 guilders [that is, $2] to 12 
guilders [$11 80] per thousand, dutiable value ; and [he pro 
posed rates on the highest value, weighing 24 pounds, is 
equal to 260 per cent; and on the lowest value, weighing 
12 pounds, equal to 310 per cent." 
The committee have reduced that. nearly one 
half. The specific duty, I believe, is reduced one 
read " 130;" and for 
half. And so, for 260," 
" 310," read " 155." 
Thus it will be seen, Mr. President, that I,ve 
are laying ahnost a prohibitory duty upon the 
ci(rar which is imported in large quantities, and 
of the greatest value—I mean the Ger- 
man cigar, which IS used by those who can least 
afford to pay money for the consumption of cigars; 
which is a very large item, and important article, 
in the trade which •,ve get in return from the con- 
tincnt for the exports svc send there. Tlihis is one 
of the articles in which our continental trade was 
increasing; and onc which, instead of being dis- 
couraged and prohibited, ought to have been en- 
couraged. 
ave so samples, Ilie duty on which would be 4.3 and 47:} 
Northwest and the Pacific coast, which 
deeply depcl')dcnt upon free trade, will rise u}) 
against iL and thro vv oil' the oppression from thc 
st-atute-book, if once it be placed there. 
But let me proceed, sir. These duties upon iron 
are consistent with the general character of the 
bill. Let me take up now the. svoolens. Horo 
arc carpets: 
i,Viltot1, Saxony, and Aubusson patent velvet, Tournay 
velvet, and tapestry velvet carpets and carpeting, and all 
medallion or whole. carpets valued at $1 25, ot under, per 
square yard, 40 cent.s per square yard." 
That duty, according to thc statement I have, 
ranges from 32 to 43 per cent. 
Valued at over $1 25, 50 cents pcr square yard." 
The duly there ranges between 8} and 37 per 
On Brussels and tapestry Brussels carpets and carpet- 
ing, 30 cents per yard." 
"I' hat duty ranges from 201 to 47 per cent. 
On all treble-ingrain and worsted-cl'lain Venetian car- 
pets and carpeting, 25 cents per square yard." 
That duty ranges from 30 to 66 per cent. 
Druggets, bockings, and Celt carpets and carpeting, at 50 
•cent* per square yard, frorn to Ill per cent. ad calo- 
rem.,• cloths, cassimeres. buckskins, doeskins, mixed sack- 
on other stunp!es of bleached cotton i 
they m..vill rangc from 20 to 40 per cent. ; on sam- 
i i ples of printed, colored, or dyed cotton, the duty 
will range from 20 to 80 per cent. Spool-cotton 
has been altered. On cotton bagging and gunny- 
cloth the duties will range from 37 to 73 pcr cent. 
i Now, Ict us see what Mr. Hutton says in re- 
I-Ic says that on printcd jaconet.s 
gard to it. 
where it 
the proposed duty be 33 pcr cent. ; 
is 32 inch, 120 threads, 3'4•, on another quality, 
31 b on another, 331; on another, 31, &c. Thus 
the duties upon these cottons which enter into 
common• consumption, range from 30 to 40 per 
cent. , and in the case of bagging sometimes to 
over 70 per cent. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the Senator from Vir- 
ginia tell me where Mr. Hutton has got any du- 
I ties on cotton at 70 per cent. ? 
Mr. HUNTER. Such is the appraiser's es- 
timate. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 have got the book, but 1 
do not see it. 
' On cotton basyo•iwr und 
l\/lr. HUNTER. 
gunny-cloth, samples of which are tied together, 
the duty wili range from 37 to 73 per cent. 
0 
0 
'n 
Cost price. 
Present duty. 
Proposed duty. 
Per cent. ad 
calorem. 
Cost price. 
Present duty. 
Proposed duty. 
rer cent. cd 
t;alorem. 
Cost price. 
Present duty. 
Proposed duty. 
Per cent. ad 
valorem. 
II 
a The last named sizes weigh from five to ten pounds more 
than one huudred pounds per one hundred feet, which will 
increase the duty from 5 to 25 per cent. additional to 62 per 
cent. 
