1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
903 
Mr. President, I gave last year an exhibit of 
this bill, and made statement in regard to it. 
could go through with nearly the whole of this 
proposed tariff, but I feel that I should weary the E 
Senate and myself too much if I would take item 
by item and enter into these details. Suffice it td 
say, it will be found generally that the duties 
which are imposed by this bill correspond with 
the character of those which I have just been de- 
scribing; and that duties of this onerous charac- 
ter cannot, in the present state and condition of 
trade, be. supposed to bring in so-much revenue 
as we are now collecting from the more moderate 
rate of duty. Why, sir, gentlemen ought to rec- 
ollect that we cannot impose and collect the duties 
now that we couid in 1842, or even in 1846. They 
ought to remember that the difference in the cost 
of production in manufactures in this country 
and {he manufactures abroad, is diminished so 
much since then, that what was a revenue duty 
at that timc is a prohibitory duty now. 
They ought to know, too, that, owing to the 
rapidity of the communications of trade, we can- 
not expect those large prpfits, or hope for those 
large differences of price which have heretofore 
existed. Everything is tending,' towards a com- 
mon level of price; and a duty which may be 
small nominally, will sometimes amount to a 
high*y protective duty; and so a duty which many 
years ago would have been thought to be a ruere 
revenue duty, may now, in the present condition 
of trade, become prohibitory. I believe it would 
not be diMcult to take up the different tariffs, to 
take up the tariff of 1842, and to show to what 
extent, if it were reénacted, we should now dimin- 
ish and prohibit the trade of the country. 
Now, sir, I ask if it is to be considered a fiscal 
measure to impose these enormous duties for the 
benefit of the manufacturers and the iron masters, 
to be paid by the consumer? Is it not obvious 
the duties on those which have been taken and 
lost or consumed, and rehouse the•residue again 
I venture to say that there 
focanother five years. 
is not a man in the whole United Kingdom who 
has any character for financial ability or commer- 
Cial intelligence, who would think of propoSinm a 
repeal of that system. 
Why should we do it here? Has it not been 
eminently beneficial since we extended the sys- 
tem to three years? Why, sir, let us look to the 
I have had a statement 
history of its operation. 
made of the goods that •were imported and reéx- 
ported from dhis country from the years 1833 to 
1846, before the system was established, and for 
a corresponding period of years from 1848 to 1860. 
In the first period of thirteen years, the entire re- 
exportation of merchandise was $79,767,000; and 
from 1848 to 1860, the reéxporjation of goods im- 
ported was $146,095,073, nearly double. Of this 
latter of goods reéxported, $92,200,000 
worth were reéxported frorn the warehouses. 
Thus our ship-owners have derived the profit of 
freights on this increased trade which we have 
given to New York. Thus our merchants have 
derived the profits on these exchanges. Thus the 
owners of real estate have derived the profits upon 
storaces. Thus New York has been able to be- 
come rapidly—and it is since the passage of the 
warehouse bilt that her progress has been most 
most rapid—a great emporium and center of com- 
the great storehouse for. the surplüs Commoditiee 
of the whole world: 'the City in- which '-they were 
stored wrould become the center Of the commerce 
of the world, and the greatest commercial empo- 
rium upon the earth. Keep this law up, and" Néw 
York, on the Atlantic coast, and San FianCiséo; 
on the Pacific, are- destined, if these Stateg cm 
continue together, and if the times shall hereafter 
be and continue to be prosperous—el do notrkfiOw 
that they are not destined under any circumstances 
—to become the greatest cities of the world. But, 
sir, the policy and the measures which are so ne• 
cessary, in order to enable them to realize thig 
greatness, and to place •themselves in this advan- 
tageous position, it is proposed ruthlessly- and 
wantonly to destroy at one blow. I do n'ot know 
on what principle. it is, unless that another man's 
gain is your loss. I do not know whom it injures. 
i know that the merchants, the real-estate holders, 
and the ship-owners in our cities, are greatly ben- 
efited by it. 
But we are told that by the warehouse system 
the Government of the United States give a credit. 
How gives a credit? If foreigners choose:tö store 
their goods in New York instead of London, and 
we permit them to do so, is the Government of 
the United States them any more Credit 
than if' wc forced our importers to send to Lon: 
don for them instead of getting them at the store 
house at New York? No, sir. -We may thus 
It is because, owing to the throw diffcult.ies and Obstacles in the way of their 
merce. Why is it? 
warehousing system, a great amount of the goods getting imported goods, and we may strike indi- 
of the world are stored there, and a merchant or rectlyat the consumption of imported goods; but 
we are no more giving them credit if the goods 
n ship-owner can go there and make out an as- 
remain in warehouse in New York, than if they 
sorted cargo for any part of the globe. 
merchants have not the goods in their stores, they remain in warehouse at London or LiverpOol. 
have them in the warehouses. When a man car- The statement of the whole case is that in timea 
when the prices are low, the merchants and man- 
ries a bill New York, he is sure that he can not 
only convert it into money, but into any species of I ufacturers store away their surplus•commodities, 
if they are able to do so; if they do not store them 
commodity or merchandise which he niay desire; 
i and that is one reason w h v the banks have been here they store, them abroad; and if you force 
that we shall not collect more revenue for the II 
them to store them abroad instead of storing them 
Treasury by this bill ? We may out Inore ruoncy enabled to stand there, w lion tboy were breaking 
here, when we want to use them, instead of ou•r 
we may put arid falling every vvhere else. That is tbc ; 
into the pocket of the iron master; 
cities havi the advan tage of freighting the ships, 
York is worth more than a 
that a 
more money into the pocket of the mam.tfac,t.urer; 
TJXhat, is o ne thing which ii instead of our merchants having the profits of the 
bii\ upon places. 
but we are passing a bili in this disturbed and dis- 
exchanges thus made, and of a world-wide com- 
has served to make her a great center of com- 
tressed condition of public affairs which will not 
merce, these great advantages will be enjoyed by 
add to the pubiic receipts, which will not contrib- merce. 
Nor is that all, sir. to this system, the, I foreign cities and persons abroad. 
ute to the public fisc, and which will only enable ; i 
these manufacturers, these iron masters, these men small dealer, the mun of mnall capital, is able to And, Mr. President, why should we be intro• 
for whom you are sanctioning this class legisla- deal in imported goods. He does not have, to pay ducing these measures to strike at the commercial 
his duties of forty, fifty, or sixty per cent. , or i! interests of the country? Is it not obvious that, 
lion, to draw $3 or $4 into their pockets where the 
public collects $1; you thus enable them to gather whatever they are, and lie out of the interest ot' next to influence of the merchant 
his moncy, and borrow it n long time before it 
more revenue and more tribute now, when the 
public is least able to pay it. What is this but can be returned to him; but, when he finds he he not succeeded the warrior as the grand instru* 
to add to the public burden; not for the benefit of i can sell his goods, he goes to the warehouse, pays ' ment of change and revolution? 'Whether heap, 
pears in the shape of the Jew, the Hindoo. orthe 
the public revenue, but to increase the profits of li the duties, disposes of his merchandise, and 01)- 
tains so speedy a return that he, too, is enabled Armenian, descending from the steppes and plaine 
ecrcair: favored classes and interests ? 
The Senator from Rhode Island has said (if i II to deal in imported goods. Thus, the business is of Central Asia through the passes of the Himma- 
heard him that this tariff will probably II not confined to those immense capitalists who are laya, or whether he be the Anglo-Saxon gteätn- 
I able to advance the money, and wait for the in- 
yield more than the present one. 
terest and the duty to be returned to them for merce and civilization, his mission is the game. 
venture the prediction that hc will not find it so 
He comes to extend the empire of commerce, BO 
months, or perhaps years. 
venture the pre- 
in the coarse of the next year. 
far as t.he, great purposes of a free intercourse and 
But, Mr. President, that is not all. This ware- 
diction that, unless the smuggler interposes, and 
the free exchange of commodities among men are 
goods are introduced by fraud, the consumers housing system is carrying out the policy which 
will find a great diminution of irnported goods, was introduced by Joseph, in Pharaoh's time. It cobcerned. He comes to break down and oblit- 
while the Government, in any event, will suffer lays up in plentiful years for those that are lean; 
tribes, and to erect a great community of nations. 
a loss of revenue, And, sir, why is he, in the and where there is over-production, and a danger 
present condition of the country and oftrade, thus that prices will be reduced so low as to be ruin- With his sack of gold he penetrates; like Philip, 
striking these mortal, these fatal blows at the mer- ous to the producer, the goods, instead of glutting into the Yleart of cities which Alexander could 
II 
chants of the country? The story of the wrong the market, go into the warehouse and wait for never have entered with his sword. With. his 
Of this bili is but half told when I have adverted dearer times. On the contrary, when there is a bill of exchange he exercises a jurisdiction far 
to these enormous duties. There is a proposition scarcity, and prices rise so high that they arc wider than ever was covered by tlie rescript of an 
in it for the virtual repeal of the warehousing law likely to be ruinous to the consumer, the goods emperor or the ukase ofa czar. He gathers trib- 
—that law under which New York has prospered come out of warehouse and reduce the price. It I ute, too, in realms and in countries where neither 
It thus gives the one northe other would be known or respected. 
thus contributes to level the price. 
much of that centralization of commerce which stability to price, which is often a great boon both i Mr. President, the necessity for free intercourse 
and for free trade among men is now begirming 
to the producer and consumer. 
she has enjoyed in her cities and in her docks for i 
It is not wonderful, then, when we consider II to be recognized as so high that the civilized na- 
lb was said that their warehousing 
the operation of this system, that it shou:d have tions of the world justify themselves in enforcing 
years past. 
other respects, to have been far, far ahead to the growth New it. the point of the sword. Look now at those 
cuinstances, their merchantsalld their Chamber of rial centu vies between herself and the regt of the 
to us, the rnen that had made so much litoneyr out II Commerce should protest aoainst a law which world; how they are falling before the advancing 
0? the frauds which had been perpetrated through proposes thus ruthlessly and Wantonly to strike I tide of civilization. See how the two leading 
down this great system. Whom does it. hurt? civilized nations of Europe are even now engaged 
a mob and instigated commotions against him. Suppose all the nations of the world would agree in forcing their intercourse and their trade on her 
They beset him as he went to the House of Com- to store their surplus commodities here, in New at the point of the sword and the cannon's mouth. 
mons, and made it so disagreeable that he had to : i York: whom wou\d it injure? Would it hurt us ? 
this legislation, which is nothing but wanton 
abandon the bill. Bul finally reason conquered Would not our ships get {heirshare of the freights, 
Prejudice; truth triumphed. The British Govern- our merchaYkts their profits of the trade; would attack upon the merchant and the great commer- 
ment introduced the system, and they allow goods , ' not our consumers get cheaper goods; wrould not Cial interests of the country in order to put flim 
the great merchants who deal abroad find a readier down? Does he not suffer enough under the 
and then, after five years, the importer may means to fill their ships and to their cargoes? I, monstrous taxations which this Morrill bill im- 
come in and take an account of his good* pay Suppose we could, by b wish, make this country poses? Are we to add to it the vithdrawal of the 
