THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
February 14, 
facilities which he enjoys from the warehousing vamped the old statement about the high duties 
on steel. He says, nocwithstanding the amend- 
system ? 
Mr. President, what justification can there be ment reported by the committee, that he has a 
for it? Every other abuse that I have heard of, paper made out to show that the duty on steel 
somehow or other, is justified by the Chicago I above 11 cents a pound is 221 per cent. 
If that 
platform. If we want to.take the proceeds of the 
public lands to pay the public debt, the Chicago 
platform, with its homestead bill, stands in the 
way. If we want to resist an appropriation of 
between one hundred and two hundred million 
dollars to three Pacific railroads, the Chicago 
platform requires that too. Its principles ha•ve 
become a sort of higher law; higher than the Con- 
stitution, higher than public justice, higher than 
public credit. Let everything else fail and perish 
so that the principles of the Chicago platform are 
carried out ! 
Sir, I have presented these views in regard to 
this tariff for the purpose of showing how it witl 
operate upon the whole country; for' the purpose 
of showing how it will operate upon the non- 
slaveholding States themselves. I have said noth- 
ing about my own State or In y own section. 
Within the last four or five years, my State has 
been reviving; the tide of emigration, which was 
gettin« out to a great degree, has ceased; the sta- 
tistics will show that she has been increasincr in 
population and in wealth. But pass this bill, and 
you send a blight over that land; the tide of emi- 
gration will commence—I fear to flow outward— 
once more, and we shall begin to decline and ret- 
rograde, instead of advancing, as I had fondly 
hoped we should do. And what I say of my own 
State I may justly say of the other southern 
States. But, sir, I do 110t press that view of the 
I know that here we are too weak to 
subject. 
resist or to defönd ourselves; those who sy napa- 
thize with our wroncrs are too weak, to help us; 
thosc who are stron«y enough to help us do not 
sympathize with our wronøs, or whatever we 
may suflér under it. No, sir; this bill will pass. 
And let it pass into the statute-bodg let it pass 
into history, that we may know how it is that 
the South has been dealt with when New Eng- 
land and Pennsylvania held the power to deal 
with her interests, 
Mr. SIMMONS. I say, let it pass; and wc will 
let it pass into history. The Senator has indulged 
I do not 
in a long debate upon these questions. 
choose to debate the general proposition while 
the amendments are pending; and I merely rise. 
to call the attention of the Senate to the fact that 
fon timo, since n) y present 
this is about tho 
were true, it would notbe a very tremendous duty; 
but it so happens that, as the bill stands, there is 
no duty upon steel above 11 cents a pound, except 
an ad talorem duty of 20 per cent. That is one 
of the amendments which has been printed, and 
been on his table fora fortnight; and yet he says 
I only mention it to 
the duty is 22} per cent. 
show how reckless people are ia making state- 
ments about u bill which is right before them. 
The Senator commenced with reading us a lec- 
ture for not havina• agreed to pledge the proceeds 
of the public lands, in the early part of this ses- 
sion, for t.he redernption of Treasury notes. He 
says the Chicago platform was in the way then. 
I never heard anybody say anything about the 
Chicago platform, in the Senate, in connection 
did not say 
witli the sale of the public Ian (Is. 
what I might have said when the Senator urged 
the plcdgc of these lands to keep the notes t, 
that the fact is, thc public lands have becn pledged, 
cvcr since 1848, for the redemption of the public 
, and they have always been used since 
debt • 
acrainst the pledges of the Govermne.nt, and I did 
not want to pledge them over twain. 
I do not 
understand this pledging of a fan(l three or four 
times over for different debts, and then spending 
it all for the ordinary expenditures of the Gov- 
crnment. This very land fur)d was pledged to 
pay the war debt of Mexico; a pledge which has 
not been redeemed; and yet the Senator is quar- 
reling witli us becausc we do not pledcre, it over 
I said then, that I did 1)0t moan to prcnn- 
ao•mn. 
ise according to my hopes, and pay according to 
my fears. I do not want 10 nvak.e a promise, when 
we wish to borrow DM)ney, that cannot be kept; 
although that has been the practice of this Ad- 
ministration and the last. 1 am rather s{ow about 
Inal\'ing pledges; but when I nmlcc them, I vv•ant 
to sec them fulfilled. 
rl'he Senator says that such financial mana«e 
ment as this Government has been conducted on, 
for the last few years, would ruin any cc»untry. 
the dollar all over the country; and all the new 
enterprises were abandoned. That is the reason 
why railroad iron has not been imported. People 
have not had the money to buy it. When the 
English stopped, in August, 1857, taking our rail- 
road bonds and State stocks in payment for our 
importations of their iron, it wras not a month be- 
fore money here was 3 pcr cent. a month; and it 
continued to increase until it got to 10 per cent. ; 
and then the banks all stopped. Your trade has 
been such, under this téu•iff, that they would slop 
in thfee months, any time, if England refused to 
take your bonds. Just as soon as they stop doing 
that, we have to stop. It is time we had a sys- 
tem that we could control ourselves. Everybody 
understands the reason why these railroads ceased 
to be built, and why the consumption of iron has 
It has been owing to the inability of 
been less. 
the people to purchase iron; and if the Enélish 
manufacturers would have sold it at $15 a ton, 
the people here could not have bought it. 
The Senator wants low duties, in order to irn- 
port frotn Germany to help our ship-owners ! 
Why, sir, does the Scnmtor know in w hut vessels 
Gcrnnan dry-goods come here? It is true we have 
I had a large increase of iln [)ortation of merchan- 
dise frorn Germany; but do the American ships 
bring it? There is hardly a case of dry-goods 
that does not come in steam vessels; and foreign- 
ers have driven our steamers off the ocean. The 
business is in their hands—freights and all. He 
seems to rejoice when somebody else gets this 
trade away i•rom us. 
I-Ie would t8ke down duties 
in order 10 furnish English and German steamers 
with freight, and keep them going, while our 
people were starving. 
rl'hen, in regard to the great difficulty of collect- 
ing these specific duties, hc has a great many au- 
I did not allude to them when he read 
thorities. 
I thought they would do very 
them last year. 
well before election; but I never supposed any- 
body would repeat them after the election was 
over. They are pretty good Democratic author- 
ities, I know; pretty good frec trade authorities; 
but he said any such a bill as this, with specific 
duties and compound duties, ought to be sent to 
the Tycoon of Japan. I thought that very smart, 
Well, sir, who is responsible for the management [laughter;] but I see that, 'vvh0!1 England and 
Ice a treaty of cominerce with Japan, 
of the finances for the last few years ? 
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator, who is Louis Napoleon is Tycoon enough to fix in the 
treaty that, after the first six months, all the ad 
responsible for the refusal to put up the postages; 
'I',ct.lroræn duties shall be put into specifics. That is 
the Dernocra tic party ? 
his tycooncry. Hc does not have any ad q.•al.orcm 
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator said finan- 
i Cial nmnaoeme.nl of the Governn'lent. had been duties, if he can help it. Hc watches England for 
term commencpd, that at cach session this regu- 
six months, and collects duties for six months on 
such as to bankrupt any country. Now, [ should 
lar eulogy has been pronounced on the existing 
the ad valoron system; and then he requires thorn 
tariff by the Senator from Virginia, that it would like to know if all the apl.)ropriat.ions have not 
been presen t.cd to the Senate by the. Senator frotr: to be put into specific duties, to last for tbc entire 
morc than supply the wants of the Governtnent., 
and pretty generally when he was pressing the Virginia. Elis ptu•l.y have had a majority in both period of [hc treaty. You cannot find a nation in 
I-louses for years past, and they have bankrupted the world, except the United States, that knows 
Senate to vote on loan bills. 'WV e have had loan 
tho country. r I'he Senator from Virginia at an l. anything about conmnerce, where this dogma of 
bills generally every time as the concluding 
I ! frec trade and ad valorents prevails—not even in 
early part of this session abdicated his post. 
r Ithc Scnutor l) as cornpli- 
of this sreech of' Ilis. 
If I had China, where the beneficent ideas of Christianity 
thoug•ht, could see the reason {'or it. 
mcnted England for her fine commercial system. I 
slated to a deliberative asse rnbly like this as roan y and commerce, accordii"lg to the Senator, have bat- 
Sir, it is indeed a commercial system. El_tu: finan- 
tered down the vvyalls of their cities. I thought it 
Cial system is a system worthy ofa nation. IVIÖW times as hc has, that they might rest assured, on 
t.he I-jest data in the world, that t hc present tariff was the long-ranged guns that knocked them to 
many specific duties, and how Il'iany ad valore.in 
that Pekin was 
would give 11)oney enouo•h; w IkLiT) it camc so that pieces. That is reading, 
duties has she in her tariff? She collects morc 
: reached at thc point of the bayonet, and through 
than one hundred million of annual revenue on we had" to pay the wages of Senators by install- 
100, that s.ve the long-rancred euns; bat it jnay have been coin- 
her imports, and there is not five hundred thou- mel)ts, I would abdicate. He said, 
sand of it by ad •valoretn duties. There is not one had a Inajority. I have never vet seen the time merce; i know they wore after colnmerce•, but 
-when we have had. When, final! y, the Smoatcn• they conquered comrnerc.e at the cannon 's mouth; 
half of 1 per cent. of ib that has over been col- 
]ected for the last twenty years by the system of went off the Committee on Finance, we had six and they did not pretend to call it christianizing 
duties which he advocates. They know better or eight majority against us. 'I'here is still a ma- the world either. They have other influences of 
than to Ict their fisc depend on the fluctuations of jority against us; but I trust there will not be, a ii Christianity than what. prevail in the mind of the 
ynerchandise. 
This harangue against all who do no.t happen 
to agree with the Senator's notions of low duties, 
and the purpose they have in trying to supply the 
Treasury with means, I have heard ever since I 
'l"he Senator has 
knew anything about tariffs. 
told us of the effect of these high duties, as he 
calls thern; and he has made a statement as to 
there being a duty of 70 per cent. on cotton bag- 
ging, which he says is made of cotton. 
Senator from Virginia. We have several institu- 
o•reat dctll longer. 
I had intended to conduct this debate without lions that are very christianizinrr, as well as com- 
("Oing into these large dealings upon the amend- 
merce. 
The Senator says the duties on cotton goods 
ments. I hoped first to gct the bill amended; but 
the impression will go to I he country, from what are very difficult to collect under this bill, antl he 
the Senator has said-, that here is a bill that is dwelt particularly on the counting of thc threads. 
If the Senator had ever read the English tariff, he 
ooing to raise to 70 or 80 [Der cent. tbc duties on 
would have seen that the duties on linens are . 
the leading articles of consumption, and I do not 
like to have that go to the country without some ! advanced, step by stop, every four threads. Where 
II I go sixty threads, they would make fifteen dif- 
explanation and correction. 
ferent stages. We can pattern after England about 
The Senator has been telling vou that under 
very heavy, and there is I cent a square yard on 
the present tariffthe low duty on iron has affected warehousing; but he is very careful not to pattern 
it. That is all the duty there is on heavy cotton 
If you 
bags by this bill. This cotton bagging weighs the importation of iron so that it is almost a pro- i I after them when they look for revenue. 
about two pounds to the square yard, and [hc hibition now. He has got tables ciphered up can fix the tariff so as to allow the Government 
to be defrauded, it will bc satisfactory to the Sen- 
I do not care what his tables are; 
duty is I cent upon two pounds of manufactured showing it. 
That is all but everybody who knows anything about busi- ator from Virginia, if I van understand his rea- 
cotton in a yard of cotton bagiYin&. 
soning. The Senator made appeals to the labor 
there is put upon it. So of every one of the in- ness in this country knows that the revulsion of ' 
stances the Senator has quoted; but shall not go 1857 utterly annihilated the projects for railroads, ofthecountry, to everybody that plowsand plants. 
throuoh them. The Senator was on this com- and there has been no demand for railroad iron T•hese are very ingenious things; but what are 
the products of labor, and how is labor sold, and 
T hc country has been too poor; the 
by the committee to this bili; and yet has re- i railroad stocks have been down to 50 cents on II what regulates the wages of labor? Is it not the 
