1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
905 
price of its products in the markets when they are 
sold? IC I can raise a bushel of wheat With a 
day's work, and sell it for $1 25, that is the price 
of my day's work. If it goes down to 50 cents, 
that is the price. Now, suppose this tariff does 
enhance. the price of the products of the labor of 
the country: for whose benefit is it? The benefit 
of the men who do the labor. The -great manu- 
facturers that are spoken of, are mere agents to 
sell laborin the market, because the production 
The great end of all these appeals is to get labor 
against capital, to make the •notion that the em- 
ployer and employed bave some different and an- 
tagonistic interests. That is the whole purpose. 
That has been the game for twenty years about 
election time, and now it is kept up continually. 
Why, sir, it is the interest of every laboring man 
in the land, I care not what his pursuit is, to have 
the market price of wages high. That is the in- 
terest of every man who produces anything; and 
it is the interest of the employer alike to havo it 
high; and there will be just as much chaffering 
about it if it is low as if is high. 
If a man is 
selling his labor, he. will get the highest market 
price he can; and the man that is buyirp it, will 
get it at the lowest market price. No matter if 
the price is 50 cents or $1, they •will chaffer; they 
are sharp bargain-makers; but it is the interest of 
both that the market price should be high. 
was $2 a day, they would chaffer about it, and the 
man that worked would want $2 25, and the man 
that employed him would want to get his labor at 
$1 75. So it is between the buyer and seller of 
everything. 
The Senator spoke a great deal of the ware- 
housing svstern; and hc thinks when it comes to 
that, the English may be right. Now, I have 
some kittle returns of the warehouse, and I will 
just let the Senate understand why I want to 
have that system amended. He gets his returns 
from the Treasury, I have not found any report 
of $54,000,000, or anywhere near | 
He said it would have been but för 
some accidents. There must have been a terrible 
sight of accidents under this tariff! 
Mr. HUNTER. I have the statement of the 
Register, putting it at $54,000,000. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 have the returns here, too. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 can give the Senator the 
table, if he desires it. 
Mr. SIMMONS. r have a statement herc from 
the Register of the Treasury, signed by him, friv- 
ing these three years. I do not know whether he 
has two sets of books or not. [Laughter.] 
It 
was a little over $53,000,000 one year. But I shall 
not look at it, for I want to talk a little about this 
warehousing. On the 1st of July, 1857, when the 
new duties under the present tariff took effect, 
there was no schedule more than 30 per cent. , and 
the next below that was 24 per cent. There was 
then in the warehouses of the country merchan- 
dise amounting to $56,392,840; and on that amount 
of goods there were due to the United States 
of duties. That was the return. I 
have taken pains to see how many of these goods 
at 12 per cent. per annum, and even 36 per cent'. ; 
give this credit, and let these folks shave our notes 
and pay us with our own money that is due to 
us on goods. That is what he wants; and he 
says there is no credit in that! Oh, no! He can 
cipher it out in any way. If he wanted to get 
rid of it, he would have us 
$3,000,000 a year, and it would at 100 per cent. 
duty; but whcn he wants to hire money to lend 
to others wi%ut interest, and pay 3 per cent. a 
month on it, there is no credit in that! I want to 
bring this warehouse account t.o a close, the same 
as I want some other accounts closed. I want to 
see how much these funds have suffered during 
this Administration, the extravagance of which, 
he said, would ruin the country. I mean to make 
no charges against this Administration. I have 
more reason to pity them than to find fäult with 
them. [Laughter.] 
I did not intend to say anything about the Sen- 
ator's continued appeals' and charges upon us that 
our platform induced us to make this revenue bill. 
Why, sir, this bill passed the House of Rcpre- 
sentatives before the Chicago platform existed. 
I do not know how the House of Representatives 
came to know what the Chicago platform would 
be. They passed this bill before thc platform was 
made. 
I thought we had agreed very well about 
amendin" it. 
I did not know of any serious ob- 
jection to any single one of these amendments in 
committee. As to this long tissue of rnatter-about 
the woolen goods, the committee have taken all 
that detail out of this bill, and I prcsume the Sen- 
ate will do sÖ whenever we come to that amend- 
ment. Perhaps that is one reason why the Sen- 
ator wanted to make his speech now. It happened 
to be prepared for another kind of bill than that 
before us, and he wanted to Inakc the speech now, 
because it would not apply at all after the bill is 
amended as the committee propose. 'Che Sen- 
ator's speech is on the general principles of the 
bill, such a one as might be made when the bill 
was perfected; and it is the onc which he made 
last year, as the Senator from Vermont [Mr. 
COLLAMER] suggests to me. 
I thought the Sen- 
ator had the same colored paper before him that 
he had last year. The tables were made up for 
another occasion, to go to an election upon. 
I shall not detain the Senate with this kind of 
debate; I do not want to waste time by it; but I 
want to get at the amen(lments as soon as possi- 
blc, and if I shall have occasion to address the 
Senate again, I shall undcrtake to satisfy the Sen- 
ate and the country as to cvery one of the Sena- 
tor's books and papers, and not be a great while 
about it either. 
BIGLER. Before the Senate goes into 
executive session, I simply desire to state that 
intend to reply to the arguments of the Senator 
from Virginia, not only those which he has pre- 
sented to-day, but some which hc has heretofore 
presented; but Shail not do so until we have 
proceeded with the amendments and the bill is 
about ready for its final passage. My purpose 
is to reply to his general argument with reference 
to the policy and general bearings of the bill be- 
tion to that memorial being read; provided that -I 
can also have read a mcmoria:l of-the •Chamber•Of 
Commerce of Netv York. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania; A memorial 
from the Chamber. of Commerce upon this sub, 
ject l,-vas read on a former day. I hope the gan- 
tleman will not make the reading of his papeythe 
condition on which the memorial- which •I 'liave 
sent up may-be read. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. very well; 1 will 
not object. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 think 
had better object, in thc outset, to the reading of 
these memorials. They are out of order. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania.. I ask, then, 
that the memorial may be referred to the Corn- 
mittee of Ways and Means. 
The memorial was so referred. 
WASIIINGTON'S BIRTH DAY. 
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 ask the consent of the 
House to submit the following resolution: 
Resolecd., That the Farewell Address of President' Wash- 
ington be read in the I-lall of the I-louse ofkepresentatives 
by-the Clerk of tbc sarne, on the 22d of February instant; 
and that the Prcsidcnt of the United States, the President 
elect of the United States, the members of the Cabinet, the 
judges of the Supreme Court of the United States, the mem- 
bers of the Senat.c, and the chieftnilitary and naval officers; 
and cmnmissioners to the peace convention now in thc 
city, be invited by t.be Speaker of the Ilouse of Represent- 
atives on that occasion. 
IVIr. WASHBURNE, Astheadop- 
tion of that resolution would involve the neces- 
sity of a session ot the House on that day, I must 
object. 
I think that Congress should, as a mat- 
tcr of course, adjourn over on that day, as a mark 
of respect to the memory of Washington. 
Mr. MORRIS, Ifthe House 
is to have a session on that day, I think it should 
bc for the purpose mentioned in my colleague's 
could be at a lower rate of duty than the brandies fore us. 
I believe there is an order to go into 
and wines which wore fixed at 30 pct cent. Taking executive session at three o'clock 
the amount of duties due on these goods, and cal- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BRAGG in 
culating 30 per cent. as t.he rate of duty on them 
all, and the goods would fall about $100,000 short 
of the aniount shown by the Treasury books. 1 
think this warehouse fund has to bear of the 
burden of the corruption fund about election times. 
There were not goods enough in x,varchouse at 30 
per cent. to pay the warehouse charges acrainst 
them, according to the reoorts. This shows that 
there could not be a dollar's worth of anything in 
warehouse but brandies and wines. 
Why should we give a crediton these $16,000,000 
of duties for three years, while the liquor of the 
importer is aøeincr? The rise in any liquor in three 
years, while it is put away to age, would pay 10 
per cent. These $56,000,000 of goods would 
have given us $56,000,000 of duties under the 
previous tariff, because the liquors were 100 per 
cent. before 1857. W c did without $56,000,000 
for three years. Yet the Senator says, it is no 
credit. 
If we find half the capital and the mer- 
chants the other half, and allou; them to put their 
the chair.) It is the duty of the Chair to announce 
to the Senate that the time has arrived for goincy 
into executive session under a special order hcrc- 
tofore adopted by the Senate. The Sergeant-at- 
Arms will therefore clear the galleries, and close 
the doors. 
SESSION. 
After some time spent in the consideration of 
executive business, the doors were reopened, and 
the Senate adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
T HURSDAY, 14, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock > m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. H. STOCKTON. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
TARIFF. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. i beg leave 
liquors in warehouse to ripen for sale, the Senator II to present the memorial of the Board of Trade of 
thinks it costs us nothing, although the interest , Philadelphia asking the passage of the " Morrill 
on the duties due would amount to $1,000,000 a 
tariff bill;" which I ask to have read. 
I Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. have no objec- 
year at G per cont. He wants us to hire the money 
resolution . 
Mr. HINDMAN. I think thatresolution should 
be adopted. I want to see -the military here, with 
General Scott at thcir head. [Laughter.] 
WASHINGTON INDIAN EXPENSES. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com- 
munication from the acting Secretary of the In- 
terior, transmitting cstimates for the salaries of 
the superintendent of Indian affairs, and of Indian 
agents in MT ashington Territory; which was re- 
ferred to the Committee of and Means. 
Mr. EILNDMAN. 1 hope the of the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. MOORHEAD] 
will be adopted. I think it would bc -eminently 
under the circumstances, to •admit the 
proper, 
military arm of the service into the House of 
Representatives. [La ughter.] 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I object. 
Mr. CURTIS. call for the regular order of 
business. 
INDIAN APPROPRIATION. 
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, byunanimous 
consent, the Indian appropriation bill was taken 
from the Speaker's table, and, with the amend- 
ments of the Senate thereto, referred to the Com- 
mittec of Ways and Means, and ordered to be 
I printed. 
SUPERINTENDENT OF CENSUS. 
Mr. LEAK E. ask i.hp. unanimous consent 
of the House to offer the following resolution, 
which relates to a subject of great interest to -the 
i State of Virginia. I hope the House will permit 
the resolution to be adopted. 
The resolution was read, as folkws: 
Resolved, a-that a select committee of' three bc appointed 
with instructions to inqu ire, and report to this House whether 
the Superintendent of the Censug Bureau has heretofore 
instructed the clerks in that. bureau to make out, from the 
census returns, a.ljst or lists of the na:nes of heads of 
ilies in the State of Virginia. 
för the purpose of' havin" 
speeches or documents franked to such heads of fatnilies; 
and that, in prosecuting this inquiry, the committee have 
power to send for persons and papers. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 to that resolution. 
Mr. LEAK E. I hoöe I shall be permitted to 
• make a single remark in reference to it. 
Mr. H INDMAN. I want to say upon that 
subject, that I have reason to believe that Superin- 
tendent Kennedy has been cn€yazed in a violation 
of the postal laws of the Ui)ited States, as well as 
in other malfeasances. I hope the resolution will 
be permitted to come in, and be adopted. [Cries 
of " Order!" and confusion.] 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, made two or 
