906 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 14, 
three remarks, the purport of which the reporter 
could not understand. 
The SPEAKER. The resolution having been 
objected to, no debate is in order. 
INSANE HOSPITAL. 
Mr. CARTER asked the. unanimous consent of 
the House to presentacommunication from the In- 
terior Department, transmitting a communication 
from Dr. C. H. Nichols, asking certain legislation 
for the benefit of the Insane Hospital for the Army 
and Navy and the District of Columbia. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I object to every- 
thing except the regular order of business. 
ALLEGED ABSTRACTION OF BOOKS. 
Mr. PRYOR. I rise to a question of privilege. 
I offer the following resolution. 
Mr. CURTIS. I ask if the resolution is founded 
upon a newspaper paragraph? If so, I object. 
has been rufe.d again and again that a personal 
exp)anation founded upon statements published 
in any other paper than the Globe, is not ques- 
tion of privilege. 
The SPEAKER. The practice bas been to 
allow gentlemen to state the questions of privilege 
to which they rise. The Chair supposes, there- 
fore, it will be. proper to hear the resolution of the 
gentleman from Virginia read, and then the Chair 
will decide. 
Mr. BOCOCK„ I think, when gentlemen come 
to hear the paragraph read , they will find that it 
is a matter of highcr importance and higher priv- 
ilege than a rnerc special order. A special order 
a privileged qucstiorr, but a question of privi- 
lege is of hivher privilege, and must take precc- 
denc.e. 
The SPEAKER. The resolution must be read. 
The resolution was read, as follows: 
WV het•eas the followintf statements have appeared in the 
It is ascertained that, in 
New York r)'ånes newspaper : 
addition to the other frauds perpetrated by the seceding 
menibers 01' Congress, t.he.v have taken the cotl!-rres- 
sional library, w Ilicl) is pt•obabiv the host in nthis cou ntry, 
containingr {nan v books whie.h bc o blained else - 
niost valuable voltunes in Lile whole 
where, sonue 
worth have 
'I'housands ot• 
collection. 
abstracted and carried off by these Inernbet•s. Among the,lll, 
a single South Carolina Incrnber, I in fbnned, has 
than tour littndred dollars' svortll ot' dirrests ot• the 
never be replaced. 
valttable charaeter, and which ean 
Scarcely one these gentl(nnen took the trouble to return 
his books ; but, on the contrary, were very cautious to have 
then-u careruiiy pac.kcd and sent off. I am further informed 
that a mennber one of the border States, who favors 
secession, and thought. his Statc sure to secede, sent orders 
(Or npurards of thousan(l dollars' 'vortll books re- 
H' ere refused. 
cently, which, under the rules of the 
'Phis is regarded here to be very near akin to what Web- 
ster defines as theft:" 
select comnbit.tee of three be appointed 
Resotved, 
to inquire into the truth of the accusation ; and th at 
have power to send tor persons aud papers 
said ittec 
and have leave to report at any [j Inc. 
"I'hc resolution was considered, aud agreed to. 
The SPEAKICR thcreupon appointed Messrs. 
PRYOR, MAYNARD, and EDWARDs as sach corn- 
mittee. 
COMMITTEE TO W AIT ON PRESIDENT ELECT. 
The, SPEAKER appointed Messrs. w ASM- 
BURNE. of likinois, and BURI..INGAML', as the cojn- 
miltee on the, part of the House Lo intonn the 
President and Vice President elect of their elec- 
tion . 
Mr.. CURTIS. I demand the previous question 
on the. first Scnate amendment to the Pacific rail- 
road bill. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION. 
Mr. STAIN TON. I ask the unanimous consent 
of the Elouse for leave to make a personal expla- 
nation. I do so for the first time since I have been i 
a member of this House 
life, which is scarcely silvered by a ray of benignity, he 
finds, as the consequencc of his teaching and conduct, a 
disrupted Union, a terrified people, and the prospect of un- 
ending hate and bloody strife. If there was mercy for the 
thief upon the cross, there lna.v be mercy for him. God 
grant him repentance before he fills his dishonored grave ! 
But what a life he has lived! He talked the language of 
love to the black race only to hide his hate for the wmte 
racc who people our southern States. He paraded hutnan- 
itarian phrases, and took upon his profane lips the name of 
God,. only to cloak his malice and sanctify his hate. He has 
had, in specific wickedness, many rivals; but if we measure 
men's guilt by the objects upon which are oent, who 
,can tell the magnitude ofthat portentous crime which cause- 
lessly dismenxbers to destroy the American Republic? As 
such a Republic has parallel, so such a criminal has no 
peer. But Iny colleague praises him and commends him 
to innnortal honor! Nero had a friend, who placed immor- 
tctLes upon his toll)b, and the, worst fiends of the French 
xcvolution had their dcfendcrs after death ; but were this 
old mau now dead, and thus powerless in his party at home, I 
even Inv colleague wou\d shrink frorn the task ofcmbalmin«r 
his bad" meniory. It will, after death, only be regnunbered 
to be execrated. late letters to colleague [Mr. COR- 
v„'1N] and his cornpatriot, Mr. Ewing, show that age, which 
EO often reclailn:s t.he n')ostreprobate soul. has not withered, 
nor cust01r1, so often tires of its baleful work, has 
not staled, tho infinite variety of his rnalice and his mad- 
I-I istory, in its record of this great anti-slavery sedi- 
Lion. and its consequent revolution, will only picture the 
whiteness of his hair to contrast it with the blackness of 
that purpose, which for years and years has pursued a cru- 
sadc whose terrible consultiü'ation is upon us, in the crun)b- 
ling away of our States an(l the destruction of their unity." 
Mr. STANTON. Was that statement con- 
tained in the speech delivered by my colleague 
upon this floor? 
Mr. COX. I will say right here, that while 
correcting the remarks bct.wcen my colleague [M r. 
HUTCHINS] and nysclf, at his special instance and 
request, an additional paragraph was made to the 
i delivered renitu•ks. He came to Inc and asked the 
privilege of defending his predecessor, Mr. Gid- 
I dings, in a paragraph; and he requested me at the 
stune tillie to unswrer his paragraph. I-lc read his 
i paragraph defi-inding Mr. Giddings, and I wrote 
the paragraph which has been read, in response. 
[Laughter.] Ali the rest of the speech IS just. 
I put nothing i!) addition 
about as I deli it. 
to my responsc to my other colleugue, [M r. STAN- 
TON.] But, as I have. said, I did put in a response 
to a paragral.)li which In y friend, Mr. I-IUTc111NS, 
requested to print on behalf of his predecessor; 
and if there be anything wroncr in that statement, 
I am willing to meet my colleague upon it at any I 
ti me. 
IM r. STANTON. I have a single word to say 
It. is a question of taste, in these per- 
about this. 
sonal controversics bet'.veen mernbers, as to how 
far a aontleman will alter remarks which have 
been replied to upon the floor. For myself, I 
ncvcr touch the reporter's notes of anything that 
has been said bearing, in the remotest degree, a 
personal character. 
Mr. COX. My colleague will see no alteration 
of the remarks I made in reply to him. 
Mr. ST' ANTON. I am reported as replying 
to a speech containing that extraordinary para- 
graph; and with havinff, in that reply, taken no 
•It therefore places me. in 
notice whatever of it. 
the position of having perrnitted such an extraor- 
dinary of an old colleague upon 
this floor to go forth to tbc public without reply. 
It is for thal reason that I desire to call attention 
to it lierc, that it Ilia y bo known that not onc 
wortl of w•hat the (Jlcrk has read was uttered 
upon this floor, and that the speech J. replied to 
did not contain one word of it. 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Giddings would not choose 
I have differed with him in 
rne for his defender. 
I did not sympat.hize with the 
tnany respects. 
1 did 
intensitv of his anti-slaverv sentiments. 
not always concur in the wisdom, prudence, or 
sagacity of his conduct upon this floor. 
there is onc thing for which the whole world 
I have disposition, Mr. Speaker, to 
in any personal con troversy v,'ith my colleague. 
He has an extraordinary taste and inclination to 
rake up our domestic quarrels and to parade them 
upon this floor; to bring here our dirty linen, and 
to wash it in the face of the House and nation. I 
have no such taste; and therefore I do not choose 
to arraiffn him, however strong the temptation 
may be. There is no State which has not Its per- 
sonal party conflicts and collisions; but there is 
no other gentleman of any State who deems it 
consistent with State pride, with the honor and 
dignity of his State, 10 parade such controversies 
before the nation, and make them subjects of dis- 
If my colleague be am- 
cussion upon this floor. 
bilious of the reputation or the notoriety that 
speech is likely to give him, then he is welcome to 
it. It is akin to the notoriety sought by that Eros- 
tratus who burned the temple of Diana at Ephe- 
sus that his name might be attached to an histor- 
ical event. If my colleague chooses to make him- 
self immortal by attacking a historical personao•e 
and a historical character, he is welcome to the 
notoriety which belongs to the act. [Applause, 
and cries of" Good ! 
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, 1 wish to say a 
in response to my colleague. It comes with a bad 
grace from hirn, or from any gentleman on t.hat 
side of the House from the State of Ohio, to un- 
dertake to arraign me under the pretense of a 
question of privilege, when, from the beginninc 
of my term in Congress till this very moment, I 
have been pursued by them, both here and at 
home, in a personally vindictive and malicious 
style, which has no parallel in political ctunpaigns 
or parliamentary debate. My colleague has taken 
a part of the same personal campaigning against 
me. During the last campaign, Mr. Giddings 
causelessly began an attack upon me, as very 
many members will recollect; and the gentleman, 
his successor, [Mr. HUTCHINS,] on Saturday last, 
I as the House will bear witness, commenced tl)is 
controversy. He referred to me in language 
I-le has seen 
vehich w Ill not now characterize. 
proper to tone it &own in the speech which he has 
published v 
But the gentleman [Mr. STANTON] goes out of 
his way, and takes ad vantage of a question of 
privilege, to court favor with the abolition wing of 
his party by this gratuitous dofense. of its leader. 
I did attack Mr. Giddings in the first part of the 
It was called for by the attack 
remarks I made. 
of my colleague, and the questions discussed by 
him. The gei)tleman knows it. He did not deer-n 
it proper then to reply. He says that he would 
have replied, if this extract I'lad been spoken. I 
want the House to remember that the bpinrring of 
Ohio politics into the Elouse was begun by thc 
attack of rny colleague [ M k'. I-I üTcHINsj upon me 
I want them also 
while I was sitt.inry in my seat. 
to remcnnber that the remarks published about 
Mr. Giddings were in response to the successor 
of Mr. Giddings, and at his request, as he will 
now bear me testimony. Is not that so? I ask 
my colleague to respond ? 
Mr. HUTCHINS. 1 will state that 1 desired 
my colleague to permit me t.o insert a sinole par- 
agraph in reply to his attack on Mr. Giddings, 
which my five minutes would not allow me to do 
I told hitn he could reply to it. 
in the House. 
I did not sec his reply. I did not know what it 
was ff0ing to be. 
MI'. COX. I wrote off my reply while my 
colleague was present, and I read to him as much 
of it as I had then finished. Ad y colleague is 
truthful, and will bear testimony to that. 
But, sir, Mr. HUTCHINS. 1 commenced reading the 
it gentleman 's reply, but i did not stay to see it 
wilk award him credit; and that is, for fideiity finished, and did not, know what it was until i 
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. Is it a ques- and sincerity to thie overmastering idea which he saw it published in the Globe. 
tion of privilege ? 
pursued through his whole liCc with zeal, and a 
Mr. COX. I was perfectly willing that he 
Mr. STAN'I'ON. It is. '•,vant the attention couraoe amid obstacles which have no parallel in should read it. "I' lie whole of my remarks arc 
if thc history of our public men. 
printed substantially as I delivered them, except 
of rny colleague from the Columbus district (IVI_r. 
the paragraph in reply to my colleague, [Mr. 
Mr. HUTCHINS. And for integrity? 
Coxl while I have read an extract from the Globe. W 
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir; and fbr int.egrity. HUTCHINS,] which I made at his own special in- 
I Rind in the reported proceedings of Saturday last, i 
I know, from personal stance and request, and for which my other col- 
published in Tuesday's paper, that. which I have i I will say another thing. 
marked, and w)) ich I now ask t.he Clerk to read. intercourse with leading and distinguished gen- 
league [Mr. STANTON] has no words Qf reproof. 
tlemen from the slaveholding States, that they 
M/ hen thegentleman [Mr. STANTON] taiks about 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
place no such estimate upon N.'l.r. Giddings 's char- 
brioæing in dirty linen, and washing it before this 
T bat godless old inan. after spending a public life den i 
I have heard them House, -l want him to understand this discussion 
voted to haw, ill-will, and sediiion, was retired because ! acter as in y coileacrue does. 
voted Crittenden-Mont- say that, w•hile he was crazy about negroes, yet i? springs out of the debate of the prop- 
did one thing tha t Nvas rigl:t.— 
gonjery 
has been tnakincr up for his loss of 
that, upon alt other questions, he was a safO, 
osition of the committee of thirty-three with re- 
ofiice t.hc virulence of his 
and {hc outiawt•v Dt' 
Repeated}y they i! spect to the rendition of fuoftives from justice, 
and patriotic ie«yislator. 
sound, 
his conauct. 
I onect *120 w n here instizat.ed 
h'A?i. 
the conduct of Ohio in that recard. 
, have so declared 
and nonv, at end ov a Bli.«pent 
servile insurrections : 
