908 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 14, 
state that, when the gentleman referred to the 
Carlisle case, I did not hear him. I heard him 
speak of the Christiana case; and I made the an- 
svver, that Mr. Gorsuch, of whom I know noth- 
ing, had been murdered by his own slaves—I 
believe there were two of them—and that they 
escaped to Canada. Some eighteen or nineteen 
negroes were tried for aiding in the rescue, but 
they were all found not to have been present. If 
I had heard the gentleman speak of the Carlisle 
case, I Should have responded pretty much as 
my colieague [Mr. JUNKIN] did. I was once em- 
ployed by Mr. McCkintock to defend him; but I 
could not go. Mr. McClintock was indicted, but 
he was acquitted on the ground that he was not 
a participator. - A number of colored persons, 
who were indicted for the riot, were convicted 
And sentenced to imprisonment; and in all •cases 
where the offense was proved, there was punish- 
ment. 
Now, .1 did not intend to criminate the State of 
Maryland any further than to say that we had as 
much to complain of as they had. was a little 
astonished, therefore, that the gentleman from 
Maryland should have taken offense avid became 
excited at what .1 said. 
I said nothing against 
Maryland, except to state the fact that her Gov- 
ernor refused to deliver up those kidnappers, on 
the requisition of the Governor of Pennsylvania. 
The gent\eman may have supposed that I was 
opposed to cornpromis•e, and was, therefore, pye- 
pared to say some hard things. 
I am opposed to 
compromise, until there is something to compro- 
mise; but i rneant to say it in gentle langt.tacre. 
1 know that, in this respect, differ from many 
of my friends and colleagues. I know that Jnany 
have the good fortune to be made of tnore pliable 
stuff; indeed, one half of the world, evervwherc, 
melts into the softest dough, from the nape of 
the neck to the os coccvgis. L Laugh ter.] 
Mr. JUNK IN. IVIr. Speaker, in answering 
the allegations of t.he gentleman from N.laryland, 
I did not address rny remarks to him alone. 
1 
have heurd this charge rnade against the people 
of Pennsylvania tilne and again since I have been 
a member ot• this House. I havc heard it aflirzned 
over and ovcr aryain, 
we in Peuusylvania 
murdered two Marylanders who were in pursuit 
of their elaves; and I see that a high official of the 
Slate of' Maryland has deliberately put it in a 
printed pamphlet. that Mr. Kennedy was mur- 
dercd by mob. Now, as I stated 
the othcr night, the verv lawyer who conducted 
the fro n') to eud ad mit.s that 
the whole arnounted to nothing nor 
less than u riot', arid when Mr. I)ixon Romaine 
alludes to the alleged murder ot MI'. K_cn nedy, he 
carefully su ppresses the fact that not a single whi te 
ny•u-l was entyaged in tho transaction. And yet this 
charge is 
against the citizens of nsyl- 
vatua, w her) the very Ilia n who utters the 
knows that this thing M.'as; donc by neoroes, and 
by necrrocs alone. If this thing tilliounted to 
dor, why were 
not these black rnen tried fop the 
offense ? 
'I' hc only thing 
authorities could 
convict them of was riot, 
and ft)t• that they were 
sent to the, penitentiary; and let Iner ()bserve that 
in irnposing that penalty, the court intl icted a pun- 
ishment which, under Lhe lal,v:-; of Pennsylvaniu, 
they had no right 10 do. Thev had only €110 right 
to send t.helü tl'le county jail, instead of t.vhic,h 
they were sent to t be peniten liar y for three and 
four vears, although 
wcrc afterwards re- 
leased bv the supptnne court on a writ of habeas 
'I*herc was but onc single whitc rnan 
corp us. 
with l)articipation in that riot, and he was 
tried -by an unpartial jury. Slate of IVIary!and 
was hQard there by her own counsel, 
and he was 
acquittrd because there, was 110 test.ilüony iden ti- 
incr hirn with the transaction. Now, I aver that 
the statemct)t. made by Mr. iM.i]ier ill his lotter 
corresnonds with my own recollection of the facts, 
because the thing occurred in rny own district, 
too, that they were convicted upon the adjudica- 
tion of the courts of the State of Maryland her- 
self, which had settled. in two or three decisions, 
that when freedom was bequeathed to slave, it 
was a specific legacy tæthe slave; and if the ex- 
ecutor acquiesced in it by suffering him to go at 
large, it was a recognition and payment of the 
legacy. That was the state of facté under which 
this conviction took place. The negroes in ques- 
tion were freed by their mistress at her death. The 
executor permitted them to leave the State and go 
into Pennsylvania, where thpy located and lived 
with their families for several years. Afterwards, 
by order of the orphan 's courc of Frederick cou y, 
these ne«roes were ordered to be sold for payment 
of testatrix's debts; and on this authority, these 
alleged slaves were, without any process whatso- 
ever, seized by the persons tried, and carried back 
to slavery; and this, by the law of Pennsylvania, 
was kidnapping, not because they were seized 
without process, hut because, being free, they 
were carned off without process of law. The right 
of recapture we concede to the slave owner; but 
•when he exercises that right, he must be sure 
they are slaves. The Inen who carried them back 
were tricd for the offense in Pennsylvania, pre- 
cisely as they would have been tried in t.hc cir- 
cuit court of Frederick county. The question of 
their freedom was involved in the issue, and had 
to be tried. I do not think it fair now for M.ary- 
land to turn round and accuse' us o? failing to do 
our duty, because we followed out the rule of law 
settled in her own courts. 
If we are wrong, we 
were misled by their own courts; and they should 
correct their own decisions, and not expect us to 
do it for them. 
Mr. CURTIS. I now call for the regular order 
of business. 
Mr. -VVEIBSTER. I desire to say a word in 
M r. GROW. I object. That would render a 
rejoinder necessary. Both sides have been heard 
now. 
IMr. I-IUGHES. It is due to my colleague to be 
to say a 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen- 
tleman from Maryland has a right to be heard. 
Mr. GROW. Then I risc to a point of order. 
Let us know whether we havc any rules. 
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the 
point of order. 
]V.Ir. GROW. My point of order is, that no 
go n t.ien-)an can take 
the floor on a personal ex- 
a question of order. On the adjournment of the 
House yesterday, the time expired for which this 
bill was made the special order, apd then the bill, 
with the amendments, went to the Speaker 's 
1 predicate my point of order on the last 
table. 
paragraph in Barclay's Digest, page 162, which 
declares that, if a matter made a special order be 
not taken up, or if taken up be left undisposed 
of on the day fixed, thereafter it loses its spe- 
cialty. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana 
is perfectly correct in saying that it loses its spew 
cialty; but that is not the ground on which the 
'Chair proceeds. This is unfinished business; and 
the rule declares that, in the morning, the unfin- 
ishcd business of the precoding day shall be taken 
up, not as a specialty, but as the ordinary busi- 
ness before. the House. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 ask that the 56th rule be 
read. 
The rule was read, as follows: 
'The consideration of the unfinished business in which 
the House may be engaged at an adjournment shall be re- 
sumed as soon as the Journal of the next dav is •read, and 
at the saine tune cach day thereafter until disposed of'; and 
it, from any cause, ot.hcr business shall intervene, it shall 
be resumed as soon as such other busincss--is disposed of. 
And the consideration of ail other unfinished business shall 
be resumed whenever the class of business to which it be- 
longs shall be in order under the rules," 
Mr. DAVLS, of Indiana. But it is not to be 
taken up after the expiration of the morning hour, 
as I understand. 
The SPEAKER. Not after the morning hour 
expires, but during the morning hour. T hc Chair 
overrules the point of order. It is very clear that 
this is the regular business. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Has not the morn- 
ing hour expired ? 
The SPEAKER. No, sir; it has not. At the 
expiration of the morning hour, the special order 
will take precedence. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Then, when the 
morning hour expires, I shall make the satne 
point of order. 
The previous question was seconded; and the 
main question ordered. 
I Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, called for the yeas 
and nays on Mr. CRAIG'S amendment to the 
amendment. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
VI'hc question was taken; and it wos decided in 
the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 62; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ald- 
rich Alley, 'L'homas L. Anderson, VViIliam C. Anderson, 
planation without the consent of the House. That 
Avery, 
J! abbitt, 
Binghtun, Blake, Briggs 
Buffiuton, Bur- 
is the rule. Now, if the Speaker proposes to 
decide that any gentleman has a right to make a 
personal expianation, unless it affects his seat, I 
will appeal from that decision. 
rrhc SPICA KER. The Chair is of opinion that 
tho gentleman from Pennsylvania is perfectly 
correct. 
1Mr. WEBSTER. very well; 1 will not in- 
SISt. 
N.'Tr. CURTLS. t now' move that the special 
order OD the report of the committee of thirty- 
t.h roe. be postpone.(l until after the Pacific railroad 
bill is disposed of. 
Mr. SICK.LES. I suppose tho Pacific railroad 
bill is the first business in order. 
'The SPEAKER. The special not be- 
fore the House at present. The question before 
the House is on seconding the previous question 
on thc first amendment of the Senate as fbllows: 
Add to the first section of the bill, after the '.vord Mis- 
the svords, 
fliout.il of the I(ansas river, und 
proeeeding thence up the valley of said river to the vicinity 
of' Fort I.Ulev. 
so that it will read : 
'I'hat to insure the safö, certain, and speedy transporta- 
tion of' troops, and public stores fronl the western 
border of what is called our vvestern States, by railroad, to 
wit: starting from two points, onc on the western border 
of' State Nlissouri, at t.11C Inout.tl the Kansas river, 
and proceeding t.benee up the valley of said river to t.hle. vi- 
and within twenty miles of where live. 
cinity of Fort Riley, and the other on the western border 
of iowa. with two converging lines hcariney westward and 
licve that he stated the facts precisely as they I 
unitin«r within two hn!ldied znilcs of the Missouri river, 
occu rved . 
Bitttcrfield, C, an) pbell, Carter, Case, 
lingame, B urn et.t, 
John B. ('Xlark, Coburn, Clark B. Cochrane, john Cochrane, 
Conkling, Covode, Jatnes Craig, John G. Davis, De Oar- 
nette, Jiuell, Eliot, Ely, English, Farnsworth, 
Ferry, Fouke, Gooch, (h•alnun, Grow, Hail, lieg 
rnick, Iliekman, Hoard, VViEliam A. Howard, k] tiff) phrey, 
Hutchins, VVilIinm Kello«rg, Killinger, DeWitt C, 
Lcako, Lee, Logan, Charles D. Martin, McClernand, Mc- 
Kent..v, McKnight, McPherson, Laban Moore, Moor- 
head, Edward Joy Morris, Ntblack, Nixon; Noell, rerry, 
Pettit, Pevton, Porter; Pottle, Edwin R. Reynold*, Riggs. 
Christoplier Robinson, James C. Robinson, Royce, Ruitin; 
Sedgwick, Sherrnan, Sickles, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, 
Stanton, Steven.*, Williaxn St.ewart., Stout, Stratton, 
Thayer, 
'Phomas. Train, Van Wvck, Wade, VVafdron, cad- 
walader C. Washburn, VVelis, Winslow, and 
NAYS—Messrs. Allen. Barr. Barret, Bocock, Boteler, 
Drabson, Branch, 
B ray ton, 
ßristor.v 
Burnham, 
Colf'a.x, Cox , Burton Craige, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Dunn, 
Etheridgc, Fentotl, Florence, Garnett, Gilmer, Ilalc, Ham- 
ilton, John 
Hatton, II inch-nan, I-Iolu:an, irvine, 
Francis VV. Ken von, K unkel, Larrabee, Lon"- 
neckpr, Maclay, Mallory, Alarston, Elbert S. Martin, May- 
nard, Millson, Montgomery, Morriii, Nelson, Phelps. Pot- 
ter, Pryor, Quarles, Rice, Scott, Scranton. Willianl N. [i. 
Sinit.h, Stoke, 'I'appan, Ton) pkins, 
'liritnb\e, 
Vandever 
MTalt.on. nrebster, i•Vilson, IVood, and 
So the amendment to the amendmen t was agreed 
to. 
During the roll-call, 
Mr. BURNETT (when his name was called 
said: I shall vote for all the amendiYlents that may 
be of}öred in the I louse, believing that. that is the 
most efiöctual way to kill this bill. 
I therefore 
vote a y. 
IV_it•. QUARLES stated that Mr. 0? 
North Carolina uras confined to his room by in- 
dinoi.her Mr. Speaker. 
I see that it is To which Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, offered the disposition• 
charged in a printed pamphlet, published a few 'l following amendment: 
days agr_) by a hi2h of-Pv•ial of Maryland, that the 
Strike out and proceeding thence up the valley of sa id 
authorities of' this verv borough of Carlisle en- 
river to the vicinity of Fort Riley • 
d, in lieu thereof, 
ticed two into the connty of' Cumberland, and 
• and with a branch frorn sotyre elitfibie i)Dinf. 011 said 
insert:' 
tried them for kid Yiappi 
I admit that 
than fifty Inilcs west of tkie river, 
lil'le, not Inore 
to the city of St. Joseph." 
these rnen were. tried beforc .Tudo•e Graham for i 
kidnapping, and were, duly convicted. i assert, II Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. desire 10 present 
Mr. MAYNARD (when his name was called) 
said: f have voted against this bill a}! along, but 
it is manifest that it is goino• to pass by a- very 
decided majority and to become. a law. I there- 
l! fore desire to have it made as perfect as possible, 
and for that reason I will vote aøainst extendint-r 
I it any further, and against the proposition of 
