1861. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
friend from Missouri, to carry it to•St. Joseph. I Private Secretary, informing the House that" he 
vote no." ' 
Mr. WHITELEY stated that he was paired 
on this bill with Mr. FOSTER. 
Mr. EDGERTON stated that his colleague, 
Mr. CAREY, was detained at his room by indis- 
position. 
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, made a similar state- 
ment in regard to his colleague, Mr. HOWARD. 
Mr. STANTON stated that bis colleague, Mr. 
PENDLETON, was paired with Mr. OLIN. 
The vote was anno&nced as above recorded. 
I rise to a privi- 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
leged question. I move to reconsider the vote by 
which the amendment to the amendment was 
adopted; and to lay the motion to reconsider 0M 
the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the Senate amend- 
ment be non-concurred in; and on that motion I 
demand the previous question. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 hope the gentleman from 
Iowa will permit the motion to be made to non- 
concur in ail the amendments of the Senate, and 
have a committee of conference upon them. "I'hat 
is the only way we shall ever get clear of thern. 
Mr. GROW. I want a separate vote on the 
amendrnent to provide for a northern road. 
Mr. CURTIS. I have an amendment, which 
I desire to offer, to that amendment. 
Mr. HOARD. I object to non-concurring in 
the amendments of the Senate in gross. 
Mr. CURTIS. Then, 1 move to non-concurin 
the first amendment of the Senate, and call the 
previous question. 
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having 
expired, the special order, being the report of the 
committee of thirty-three, is now before the 
House, upon which the gentleman from Pennsyl- 
vania [Mr. CAMPBELL] is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. PHELPS. Do 1 understand that the mo- 
tion is made to non-concur in all the amendments 
of' the Senate in gross? If so, I wish to make 
objection to that motion. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that 
objection being made, the question must be taken 
upon the amendments separately. 
Mr. CURTIS. Now, if the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania will yield the floor, I will move to 
postpone the special order for the purpose of 
considering this bill to-day. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to that. 
Mr. HASKIN. I did desire to say something 
in opposition to this bill; and now, for the pur- 
pose of saying something practically in opposi- 
tion to it, I will move to lay the bill and amend- 
ments on the table. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the 
gentleman from New York, that the subject of 
the Pacific railroad bill has passed from the con- 
sideration of the House. r he gentleman from 
Pennsylvania [Mt. CAMPBELL] is entitled to the 
floor; and the Chair understands that he declines 
to yield. 
Mr. CURTIS. Then 1 desire to ask the gen- 
tleman from Pennsylvania whether he did not 
say to me this morning that he would yield the 
floor for that motion ? 
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from 
sylvania is entitled to the floor, and I ask that he 
shall proceed. I object to interruption. 
Ivar. CURTIS. And I ask the gentleman whether 
he does not know that, unless we can go on with 
the consideration of this bill at this time, it wili 
go to the Speaker's table ? 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from lown 
will understand distinctly that the Chair cannot F 
takc cognizance of any such arrangement. 
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman 
sylvania is entitled to the floor. Now, sir, 
if he 
yields the floor, I insist that he does so uncondi- 
tionally. 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 believe l.am entitled to 
I take this opportunity of presenting 
the floor. 
four petitions, signed by citizens of Philadelphia, 
without distinction of party, asking for the en- 
forcement of the Constitution and the laws as they 
are. 
The memorials were laid on the table 
MESSAGE FROM PRESIDENT. 
did, on this day, approve and sign a bill and joint 
resolution of the following titles: 
An act granting a pension to Gregory Patti; 
and 
A resolution for the benefi tofDuvall & Brothers. 
A messa«e was •received from the Senate, by 
Mr. HICKEY, their Chief Clerk, announcing that 
the Senate had ordered to be printed— 
The resolutions of the Legislature of Minne- 
sota on the State of the Union; and 
The report of the Secretary of State on the com- 
mercial relations of the United States with fofeign 
nations, for the year 1860. 
Also, that the Senat.e insist upon their amend- 
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 892) making appro- 
priations for the legislative, executive, and •judi- 
Cial expenses of thc Govcrnmcnt for the year 
endilig June 30, 1862, disagreed to by the House 
of Representatives; and ask a conference on the. 
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the said 
bill; and have appointed Messrs. PEARCE, LA- 
THAM, and DIXON, as the cdnferees on the part of 
the Senate. 
Also, that the Senate concur in the first, sec- 
ond, fifth, sixth, ninth, tenth, and twelfth amend- 
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill 
of the Senate (No. addition to " An act to 
promote the progress of the useful arts;" noil- 
concur in the fourth and seventh amendments; 
and concur in the other amendments of the House, 
with amendments; in which he was directed to 
ask the concurrence of the House. 
Also, that the Senate have passed bills and a 
joint resolution of the following titles; in which 
he. was directed to ask the concurrence of the 
House: 
An act (No. 543) to carry into effect conven- 
tions between •the United States and the Repub- 
lics of Now Grariada and Costa Rica; 
An act (No. 552) relating to printing extra 
numbers of messages, reports, and documents; 
and 
A resolution (No. 63) for the relief of Mrs. E. 
A. H. Adams, George M. Thompson , and "l'homas 
H. Green. 
Also, that the Senatc insist upon their amend- 
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 864) making appro- 
priations for the consular and diplomatic expen- 
ses of the Government for the year ending June 
30, 1862, disagreed to by the House of Represent.- 
atives; and disagree' to the amendment of that 
House to the seventh amendment of the Senate; 
and ask a conference on the disagreeing votes of 
the two I-louses on said bill; and have appointed 
Messrs. FESSENDEN, SAULSBüRY, and CLINGMAN, 
to be the conferees on the part of the Senate. 
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill of this 
House (No. 914) making appropriations for the 
naval service for the year ending Junc 30, 1862, 
with amendments; in which he was difected to 
ask tho concurrence of the House. 
Also, that the Senate have passed a resolution 
that a committee of one member of the Senate bc 
appointed to join a commiLtee of two members 
of the House of Representatives to wait on Abru- 
ham Lincoln, of Illinois, and to notify him that* 
he has been duly elected President of the United 
trymen have beé•ri prove 
föi• self=gövernmetit. - -notwdominani.:pa-te-y 
Of the free States have for mdre -than„ü •quarter of 
a century submitted to the -governmental •policy 
of the slave States, although greatly superior: to 
them in population—not because it was 'submis- 
sion, but obedience to the laws of-the-land. 
The election of Mr. Lincoln. carries •with itthe 
full' force of constitutional -preceddnt and popular 
conviction. Yet2 that habitual ' and historic obe- 
dience is now for the first time. refused 
tion of the refusal as deplorable as 
amazing. We hear the bold avowal ;that -the -in- 
auguratiön of the President elect will ber resisted , 
ahd that he will not be permitted to take his post 
at: the the Government; or at •least shall 
have but:a divided rule, unless ample -and satis- 
fdctory •eoncessiöns to W portion of the Confeder- 
It is proposed, or has 
acy shall first be made. 
been• proposed by the leaders and participators in 
this treasonable cangpiraey; to resist the-inaugu- 
ration by force of arms, to seize the Federal Cap- 
ital, to precipitate revolution in the border,. and 
intermediate-States, to breakup the Government, 
and to plunge a, great and prosperous -people into 
all the horrors of civil War. To carry out thesede- 
structive purposes, the most extended 
combination has been formed. many 
of the leading Senators and dignitarics Of Ithe 
Gulf States, it has drawn within its fatal vortex 
chiefs of the Cabinet; has paralyzed -the Presi- 
dent, and has its friends and ramifications•in the 
cities of the North. Six States Claim to have de- 
tached themselves from the Union irrevocably, 
and in defiance of section ten article one of the 
" no State shall 
Constitution, which declares, 
enter into any confedention," have -proceededio 
form a 'hostile confederation-within the limits and 
jurisdiction of the United Stätes. 
Without pausing for redress, if injury has been 
inflicted, or fearing that remedy might be applied 
if opportunity were given; without the suffrages 
of the people, or against well ascertained popular 
majorities in some instances, recklessly have they 
struck blow at the best Government in the world , 
as well as inflicted an irreparable injury upon 
themselves. Thi ombination against constituted 
two classes of men, 'the one 
authority embra 
giving aid and comfort to the other, acting fopthe 
time 'being in concert, but with different objects 
in view, namely: the secessionists perse, and those 
who are termed reconstructionists. Both claim 
the Union has been, or must be destroyed; the 
former finally so, while the latter indulge in the 
philanthropic hope of reconstructing it on Dem- 
ocratic pro-slavery prin ciples—from "disin terested 
motives, of coüu•se! Intent upon different objects 
now, what they will be hereafter we must leave 
time to determine. Sufficient for us to know, that 
both stand in a position hostile to the inviolabil- 
i ity of the Union. The former are preéminent for 
boldness in treason; the latter for baseness of par- 
tisan warfare, at a time when the ternple of liberty 
is rocked to its foundations. Reconstruction im- 
plies previous destruction; and any party, com- 
bination of men , that propose to destrov the Amer- 
ican Union, must and will fail. Our•inhcritance 
is indivisible. The Union has not been and can- 
Its fibrous interlacings• of in- 
not be dissolved. 
tercsts cannot be sundered. Hcroicvdeeds, rev- 
States för four years, commencing with the 4th of olutionary reminiscences, commercial relations, 
March, 1861; and also to notify Hannibal Ham- domestic relations, the continuity of a boundless 
lin, of Maine, that he has been duly elected Vice coast, immense rivers, mountain chains„ iron 
bands, are our common property; one national 
President of the United States for four years 
commencing with the 4th of March, 1861; and anthem our inspiration, one flag our symbol! 
that they have appointed Mr. TRUMBULL on said' " Those whom God hath joined together let not 
man put asunder." 
committee on their part. 
No, sir; bold it next to treason, ata time like 
this, to claim that the Union of out• fathers is dis- 
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, it was om- solved. Every true man , every native and adopted 
cially announced yesterday in this Hall that Abra- citizen, should rally around her altar and swear to 
ham Lincoln, a worthy, patriotic, and intelligent maintain the Union, without reservation, in all 
citizen of the State of Illinois, had bccn elected peril, and in every continaene,y. A Government 
that has claimed the respept of man kind , a-nd wh ich 
President of the United States of Arwerica, ac- 
cording to the forlY1s and requirements dfthe Con- rests as lightas gossamer upon the governed, giv- 
ing to all the most perfect security, as well as the 
stitution, and laws made in pursuance thereof. 
largest liberty within the limits of constitutional 
Absolute submission to the results of elec- 
is worth every sacrifice iconsistent with 
tions has been the homage which the American order, 
people periodically offered to their institutions. vital principle to maintain. 
Whatever diversity of sentiment or partisan zeal Let, every effort be made to preserve our na- 
tionality intact—every star upon our flag, every 
may have marked the canvass, unanimous obe- 
dience has, with patriotic ardor, waited upon the acre within our limits. Let all Union-loving and 
patriotic men unite heart and soul for this grand 
A messaoe was received from the President of decisions of the ballot-box, By a graceful acqui- 
the United States, by A. J. GLOSSBRENNER, his escence in the voicp of the majority, my coun- object. Let ail our energies be directed to the 
