910 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 14, 
peaceable solution of present difficulties. But this 
must be done without the sacrifice of those prin- 
ciples •on which the hopes of mankind depend, 
on which free government is based. 'l"hese 
we could not surrender if we would, and tvvould 
not if we could. I wili not despair so long as one 
ray of iight glimmers along the political horizon. 
But if all effort at reconciiiation shall prove una- 
vailing, then, loyal citizens everywhere, in all sec- 
Lions of the country, must look the danger in the 
face and meet it as becomes men. 
But J proceed to inquire what cause •have the 
enemies of the Union to object to the peaceable 
and ordinary inauguration of the President elect ? 
He was selected by his fellow-citizens from pure 
motives, and as just exponent of their views of 
public policy. That a change was necessary in 
-the administration of the affairs of the country, 
all impartial men, admit, after the fatal and over- 
whelming disasters of the last few months. 
What new idea does Mr. Lincoln propose to 
adopt in the administration of the Government? 
W hat new policy to inaugurate? Must he not 
take care that the laws be faithfully executed and 
the Government sustained? On the question of 
opposition to the extension of slavery in the Ter- I 
ritories, stands he not where Washington, Fran k- 
lin,Jefferson, and all their great compeers stood? 
On the doctrine of adequate protection to Ameri- 
can labor and productions, we find him side by 
side with Clay and Jackson. On all those ques- 
tions that relate. to the general improvement of 
the country, Mr. Lincoln moves in harmony with 
the leading minds of the age. Faithful and patri- 
otic in the past, we have the right to expect the 
same in the future. What cause have misguided 
men to oppose the installment of the newly-elected 
President? Why should it be deemed necessary 
that the choice of the people should purchase his 
way to the presidential chair by grants of rights 
to disappointed and rebellious men? TV hydo riot. 
the South arn.l the North accord to Iiiln what has 
been accorded to others? Have the opponents of 
the Republican party been so long in office that 
they have forgotten their obedience to the laws? 
Candidates for President and Vice Prosidont have 
been elected beköre from the •ame section of the 
country, and have quietly •med the duties of 
their respective ofhces. Presidents have been 
elected before by a plurality, und not a maiority, 
of all the votes cast, and no man has raised his 
voice against the constitutionality of an elec- 
{ion. "i'hc issues were piairl, the vote overwhelm- 
ing, and the resutt decided. 
But, it is said, the southern mind regards the 
election of Mr. Lincoln as a distinct declaration, 
on the part of the dominant party, that slavery 
shall be ultirnately extinguished in the slave States. 
knowledge the supremacy of-thc laws. Then, 
when order shall be restored, and an outraged 
nationality vindi6ated, I would hear their com•- 
plaints, and give them. the full measure of redress 
för any actual grievance. So far, at least, as con- 
tumacious persons are concerned, the following 
sentiments, attributed to Mr. Lincoln, apply in 
full force: 
I will suffer death before will consent, or advise my 
friends to consent, to any concession or compromise which 
looks like buying the privilege of taking possessipn of the 
Govermnent to which we have a constitutional right; be- 
cause, whatever I might think of the merits of the various 
beiOre Congress, should regard any conces- 
Sion in the face of menace as the destruction of the Gov- 
ernment itself, and a consent on all hands that our system 
shall be brought down to a icvei with the existing disorgan- 
izcd state of affairs in Mexico. But this tbing will here- 
after be, as it is now, in the hands of the people; and if 
they desire to call a convention to remove any grievances 
cmnplained of, or to give new "uarantees for the penna- 
nenee. of vested rights, it is not mine to oppose." 
Any other coursc will destroy the respect in 
which the Governmentis held at home and abroad. 
If the representatives of the people submit to 
menaces and threats, such submission is moral, 
political, and national death. The nation could 
never recover from it. It would invite attack from 
abroad, and grant license to rebellion at home. 
The plain path of duty in this crisis is the path 
of safety and dignity and patriotism. Let us in- 
sist that the honor of our flag shall be maintained 
—a flag which is known and honored in every 
land; a flag under which our new-found world 
marched to greatness in a single generation. IL 
is a pioneer before whom the wilderness recedes; 
a magician by whose transmutations the trees of 
the forest still point heavenward as the spires of 
the city; a guardian beneath whose care happy 
homes nestle, wide-spread valleys laugh with plen- 
teousness ,teeming moun tains Yield their treasures, 
and vast waters float the argosies of States. 
Abroad, as at home, wide waves the banner Of 
enterprise and empire. 
In the thronging marts 
of the Old World, on tbe newly-opened paths of 
Pacific seas, shelterino• the commerce of a conti- 
neat beneath its folds; in tyre despotic capitals of 
Europe, it interposes a protectin«y ægis between 
the A merican citizen arid Cho poten tate who would 
oppress him. 
In the classic ports of the Medi- 
it proclaims a wondrous Republic, 
terranean, 
mighty as old Rome, rich as Ind, vast as Europe, 
and peaceful as Paradise. 
It flashes like an au- 
rora throucrh the glacial pinnacles of Arctic seas, 
und answers the vivid constellations of the tropics 
Wilh its kindling stars! Oruoiscient symbol of' 
an almost onunipotent people, in thy wanderings 
fku• and wide, by sca and land, amid the despot- 
isms of old worlds and the license of new, could 
none be found to assail thee. save thine own? It 
This cadurnny should be corrected by those who was reserved for those who have grown to great- 
It has no foundation in fact. 
promulgated it. 
IS acrainst the declarations, votes, platforms, and 
positions of the Republican party. fl'he only 
persons in the country who inculcate this doctrine 
act in open opposition to the domintlnt party, and i 
now rejoice in the probable overthrow of the Re- " bide thy ti•jnc.' 
public, iu order that they may carry out their ubo- 
lition schemes. 'I'he politicai anta(Fonists of the 
Abolitionists are the Republicans. The aiders 
and abettors of abolitionism ave those who seek 
to destroy the Union. 
Sir, claim, in its most broad, full, and com- 
prehensive sense—claim it for the honor, safety, 
and future of' my country—that the President 
elect has the right; nay, more than this, that the 
people of the country have the right, without re- 
gard to party or section, to have the man of their 
lawful choice fully inauzarated at t.he capital, with 
all the usual forms and ceremonies, without terms, 
without negotiation, without compromise, and 
without apology. I give no reason bat that he is 
the President elect; and, in the name and majesty 
ness beneath the waving of thy prosperous folds 
to smite thec. Are there nonc in this hour of 
peril to defend? Banner, of which all Christen- 
dom is so proud that it forgets to envy, float calm 
and inscrutable upon the airs of heaven, and 
Sir, I have heard much of late of State rights 
and State sovereigi)ty. 'I'he national Governmcnt 
is assumed to be a mere agent, and a very de- 
crepit agent, with far less power than the old Con- 
federation. From the declamation of gentlemen , 
one would suppose it to be an abstraction, a grand 
Yankee improvement upon the " ciq•cumloculion 
"—a " how not to do it " improved and per- 
off( e 
fected. But remembering, sir, the past bistorv of 
country , I am encouraged to think better other 
systern , and to repudiate the idea which the argu- 
ated in the Constitution, as well as of necessity 
all requisite to the enjoyment or exercise of the 
express grants. Within this limit, the United 
States Government is supreme, and so expressly 
declared to be in the charter itself. Between the 
United States and the several States there can be 
no conflict of authority so long as each revolves 
in its appropi•iate sphere. Each is supreme within 
ils limits. Neitheé has authority beyond. 
heresy that a State has a right to secede or with- 
draw from the Union at pleasure has no author- 
ity or foundation. All a•tbeories, as all practice, 
of I Government.s is affainst it. Such a heresy, 
s Iki•ngat therootofall organization, cannot make 
impression on the minds of reasoning mon. 
It was an evil day for our beloved country when 
a weak old r•nan proclaimed to the nations of the 
earth, through the instrumentality of an important 
State paper, that this mighty Government—this 
giant Republic—the very incarnation of power, 
föared and respected by civilized and barbarous 
nations, had no power to save itself from annihi- 
lation. No power to quell rebellion . 
'i•Vlvata 
commentat•v upon the work of our revered fathers ! 
That in the construction of a Government to take 
the place of a Conféderation, expressly declared 
to be perpetual, they should have neglected that 
which was essential to its very life, must strike 
reflecting minds as an absurdity. No right, on 
the part of a State to secede; secession, rebellion, 
and no power to suppress rebellion, (for this is the 
logic of this remarkable paper.) That which no 
law punishes is justified, and the public mind de- 
clines from toleration to demoralization. 'I'acitus 
saith, of another age and people, 
such was the 
state of their minds t.hat the l.vorst villainy a. few 
dared, more approved of it, and all tolerated." 
Alas! that the language of the ancient historian 
should describe the condition of our country i") 
this better age ! 
Can it be wondered that the diplomats of St. 
James rubbed their astonished eyes as the might 
of the western world dissolvod before them like a 
mirage, and Europe saw dismayed this serene 
mountain of refl.lge, quaking with t.he throes of 
eruption, such as convulse volcanic France, or 
heaving Italy. Sir, I trust in the providence of 
God we shall hear a more reliable opinion, re- 
specting the powers of this Government, on the 
4th of March next. 
That secession is rebellion, is a fixed fact. That 
rebellion in this instance, if successful, will be 
styled revolution, is not so plain. History has 
an awkward way of calling things by their right 
naznes, as leaders of civil cornrnotion sometimes 
live long enough to discover; and this world's 
history has not yct termed that revolution which 
was without cause and against a just Govern- 
ment. This commotion in the land has this 
breadth, and no more. A portion of the people 
of some of the States are in rebellion against the 
General Government They have gone so far in 
their insanity as to levy war against the United 
States. They have set up organizations within, 
and hostile to, the United States. They have 
seized the public property, fired upon a steamer 
chartered by the Government, and have beseiged 
the galle.nt Anderson in his sea-girt fortress. And 
now, in view of all this, what do we propose to 
do? The question is between the loyal citizens 
arid the disloyal citizens; between a lawful Gov- 
ernmentand an armed rebellion. 
If not speedily 
adjusted, one or the other must perish. 
It will 
become a question of time. They cannot exist 
together within the same territory. None but 
I disloyal men think of dismembering this Govern- 
Inents ad vanced and the even ts transpirincr around rnent. The Co nstitution provides no way in which 
b&diy administered, is crippled in its action. A i improvident or disastrous step could be taken. 
ponderous battle-ax in hands too weak to wield The rcsult# of a peaceable separ wou\d be 
It, becomes less effective than a child 's bauble. 
standing armies, a lorw border bristling with bayo- 
Of the American people, I demand the right for Without an Executive, or worse than without an nets, forts,and custom-houses, 
the people. 
Executive, we have been driftinc about among out of complications abant trade, custorns, trea- 
Would you establisb the baneful precedent of the rocks and shoals, with high seas thundering ties, and the mouth of the Mississippi, would be 
on a letkhore•, every soul on board anxiously in- 
neffotiatlon before inauguration? Sir, I claim in- 
interminable, until our miserable condition would 
auo•uration before negotiation: the clear acknowl- quirino•, where is the pilot? We will find one 
excite the pity, as well as the contempt of man- 
edgment of tbc right first; the terms of adjustment presently; but in the mean time Ictus observe that i kind. One thi%g is clear as a ray of Heaven 's pure 
afterwards. Whatever terms I may be disposed this United States Govermnentofours isa nation- 
there is no safety in the present, no hope 
to make with loyal men everywhere, I will not ality of the people, a grand. powerful Govern- 
in the future, but to stand by the Union as our 
make terms with those who stand in hostile array ment Of not Slates, extendincr from the Rio fathers made it. 
In speaking of secession in 1850, 
to the Government, no matter what thc conse- Grande to the St. Croix. It was formed by thc in his letter dated the 3d October, thut year, 
quences may be. Let, these men first surrender people, who are supreme. They surrendered to addressed to E{on. Daniel Ullman, what said the 
II patriot Henry Clay ? 
the public property, restore the hospitals, navy- the Government, from the abundance of their sov- 
yards, arms. treasure, and arsenals, and ac- erelgnty, all the grants of right or power enumer- 
Suppose the standard should be raieed of open resist- 
