1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'. 
ance to the Union, the Constitution, and laws : what is to 
be done? 'Ithere can be but„one possible answer. The, 
power, the authority, and the dignity of' the Government 
ought to be maintained, and resistance put down at all 
hazard. The duty 'of executing the taws and suppressing 
insurrections is without *imitation or qualification ; it is 
No human government can exist without the power of ap- 
plying förce, and the actual application of' it in extreme 
cases.' My belief is, that it' it should be avplied to South 
Carolina, in the event of her secession, she would be 
speedily reduced to obedience, and the Union, instead of 
being weakened, would acquire additional strength." 
It was the same illustrious man who said, in 
the Senate, in 1850: 
" Now, Mr. President, I stand here in my place, meaning 
to be unuwe.d by any threats, whether they ccnne from in- 
dividuals or from States.. f should deplore as Inuch as any 
rnan, living or dead, that arms should be raised against the 
authority of the Union. either by individuals or by States. 
But, after ali that has occurred, if any one State, or a por- 
tion of the people of any one State, choose to place them- 
selves in inilitary array aøainst the Government of tlie 
Union, all' for trying the strength of the Government. I 
am for ascertaining 'Whether we have a govern.nent or 
not—practical, efficient, capable of maintaining its atv 
thority, and ot• upholding the powers and interests which 
beft-»ng to a government. Nor, sir, am I to be alarmed or 
dissuaded froin any such course by intirnations of the spill- 
ing of blood. It' b}ood is to be spi}t, by whose fault is it? 
Upon the supposition, I rnaintaiil it will be the lhult ()t• 
those, who choose to raise the standard of disunion, and en- 
deavor to prostrate, this Govcrtnnent ; and, sit, when that 
is done, so long as it pleases God to givc me a voice to ex- 
press xnv sentimcnts, or an arrn, weak and as 
it [nay be by age, that voice and that ann will be on the 
side of my country, for the support ot• the crenerak authority, 
and for inaintenance of the powers of this Union." 
I care not what term may be applied to the 
preservation of the Union and the enforcement of 
the laws. 
If' to do this means 'f coercion," 
then 
I am for coercion. I take all the responsibility 
of saying here in my place, as a representative of 
the people, all the responsibility that attaches to 
the sentiment: that the laws should be enforced, 
by sea and by land, with alk the power necessary 
to enforce them, and that loyal citizens should be 
sustained and protected everywhere. Can we do 
In all these seceding States there are men 
true to their allegiance to the General Govern- 
ment. Revolution, for the moment, has rolled 
over them, •and an armed force has silenced the 
voice of patriotism. Presently,-when despotisrn 
—the despotism of a mob; the worst On God's 
footstool—becomes théy will cry to 
us for help. Shall we leave them to perisli? They 
have rendered allegiance to the Union; and, by 
every tie of sacred duty, honor, and humanity, 
we are bound to render them protection. 
vqny 
other course would sink the Govermnent to perd'ition. 
Shall we stand idly by when our faithful custorn- 
house officers, postmasters, pilots, and other offi- 
cers are arrested, thrown into prison, or made to 
suffer pains and penalties for the lionest discharge 
of sworn duties? Shall we refuse to protectadopted 
citizens who, renounced allegiance to for- 
eicrn potentates and sovereiöns, have taken an 
Allegiance 
oath of fealty to our Government? 
entitles them to protection. Shall this Govern- 
ment, which but lately extended its scepter across 
the seas, to shelter here and there a humble man 
from the armed might of France, or the crowned 
majesty of Austria, when he invoked its aid by 
the cry, " I am an American citizen . 
t" on its own 
soil—shall its ear be deaf to the chorus of its 
children 's cries, its arm shortened, and impotent 
to aid? Surely the nation that refuses is faithless 
If it refuses to protect its loyal citi- 
to its trust. 
zens from persecution, confiscation, and death, 
it does not deserve the name of government. 
If the Executive had promptly used his author- 
ity to check disobedience in the present instance, 
this rebellion, which has now assumed formida- 
ble proportions, would have been checked or ad- 
justed before the present moment. 'This history 
will record. That it was notdone,is now world- 
wide regret. 
n,'lr. Speaker, in myjudgment, all the complain ts 
of ail the sections can be adjusted writhin the Union 
without the sacrifice of any principle of essential 
with such conciliation as would be right and proper 
under existing circumstances. 
For the sake of Maryland, still true, though be- 
tween the upper and the nether millstone; for gal- 
lant old Kentucky, with the stars and stripes flying 
at every cross-road; for Tennessee, with the roar 
of her grand majority for the Union thundering in 
the ears of secession; and even for Georgia, with 
almost half her convention wrestlingforthe Union ; 
and Alabama, now lifting her voice in indignant 
protestagainsttheerrorofher sons. These States, 
and others, amid the besetments of disaffection, 
display a love for the Union that entitles them to 
sympathy and honor; and for their sakes we 
should be willing to make such an adjustment as 
can be made without the abandonment of princi- 
In this spirit I shall proceed to the consider- 
pie. 
ation of such propositions as have been submitted 
to the House. 
I come now to speak briefly of the prominent 
difficulty in the way of adjustment, and that is 
the territorial question. The South dernand what 
they are.pleased to term protection to slave prop- 
erty in the Territories of the United States, as well 
as in all territory hereafter to be acquired. rl*he 
freemen of the North consider it of vital import- 
ance to prevent the extension of slavery over 
territory now free. And they cannot believe that 
the extension, protection, and perpetuation of 
African slavery would be beneficent to the country 
or advance the civilization of the people. Much 
less will they consent to change the Constitution 
of the United States so that slavery shall predom- 
inate over freedom. On this point it seems to be 
the settled conviction of the country that we had 
better leave the Constitution as it is. Prominent 
amono• measures for the adjustment of our pres- 
ent difficulties stands the Crittenden compromise. 
More fortunate in its baptisrn than its conception, 
this defective measure bears a faultless title. The 
name of one held in affectionate regard, and whom 
the people delight to honor, introduces it auspi- 
ciously to the consideration of that people; and 
the lessons of the revered who are no more—a 
Webster of the North and a Clay of the South— 
have taught the people to respect a compromise. 
But, Mr. Speaker, paradoxical as it may sound, 
the Crittenden compromise is not a compromise, 
and it does not embody the views of Mr. CR*T- 
TENDEN. Looking further, I find a third objec- 
tion in the fact that it does not represent the senti- 
ments of the people; and these three objections I 
shall treat in a group before proceeding to others 
of a graver character. 
I am bold to say that the resolutions do not 
express the sentiments of the people, North 
South, because, in another and less objectionable 
form, and under another name, the prominent 
idea which they embody wus presented to the peo- 
ple for their sanction, and rejected by an over- 
whelming majority. It was first offered under 
the name of the Breckinridge platform," 
to a 
convention of that party most favorable to slavery 
extension and protection, at Charleston, and re- 
jectcd by a majority of that convention. It was 
again brought 'before a Democratic convention at 
Baltimore, and again rejected. Let us bear in 
mind that the rejection of this platform carried 
with it the inevitable destruction of a powerful 
party, long subservient to slavery, and one which 
has never looked upon defeat, with loss of place 
and spoils, with any degree of complacency, in 
tion as it is; and Kentucky, •the:home Qf the-ven- 
erable. Senator,' rebuked _ihis monstrous -claim'. to 
establish o despotism on the free.soi,l of America. 
This sentiment, •then, of Jhe Breckinridge..plat- 
form, repugnant to the American 
by -twenty-two States; trampled in: the dust of de- 
feat at a popular election, is carefully disentombed 
from the overwhelming majorities beneath which 
it was crushed. Its shapeless remains are com- 
posed to new and decent form in the Crittenden 
resolutions, and: its faithful friends and -dev04éd 
mourners demand for it an apotheosisin the Con- 
stitution. That which the people- have solemnly 
pronounced unworthy of. support, even -in the 
ephemeral form of a political platform, it:is now 
gravely proposed to incorporate in the Constitu- 
tiorj, where you and I may no longer vote upon 
and reject it, but must swear fealty to and support! 
Where rising generationsy with the generous en- 
thusiasm of youth for the institutions of their 
beloved land, must do.it reverence; wherc• your 
sons, and mine, rnust bring the loyalty we have 
taught them, and abase it to uphold the N,rrong. 
And this is called a compromise! A compro- 
mise is where conflicting parties relinquish, reach 
the extreme of its position, to, meet the other 
upon middle ground. Here the extreme views of 
extreme pro-slave.ry mm') are advocated—stavery 
in tbc Territories to be protected by. Congress! this 
right of protection to be inserted in the Constitu- 
tion; this amendment of the Constitution to be 
secure from future alteration; and the whole to 
apply, not only to our present possessions, but 
all which we may hereafter act}lire! It is all 
here! Not one jot or tittle abated. Che old enemy, 
with which we have wrestled for' years, is pre- 
sented to us in all his unshorn proportions, under 
the seductive cognomen of compromise! Enter- 
tain him, and we are compromised indeed! Is 
there anything more that has been, or will be, 
asked of us? If so, let it, by all means, be incor- 
porated in the 
resolutions. 
1 have shown that the resolutions do not ex- 
press the views of the people; and I have said 
that they do not represent the Senator's own. If 
Mr. CRITTENDEN bad ever entertained them, we 
should have foun 
im too just and too generous 
an adversary ever o have presente'd them to us 
as a compromise. 
It is because they are not his 
owY1 views or wishes that he offers and advocates 
them, feeling a self-abnegating zeal in sacrificing 
on the altar of peace the convictions of- his own 
statesman-like mind, and the. desires of his own 
heart. His whole career—every act of his public 
life—bears witness that the resolutions are repug- 
nant to the Senator himself. That career, that life, 
have won for him the confidence of the people, 
and impart a presticre to these resolutions which 
their merits cannot clainl. 
.His reputation gilds 
them with a luster not thcir own. 
But, Mr. Speaker, I summon a statesman•from 
Kentucky, now silent, but potential, to antagonize 
the resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky; 
who dead, has more power than the living; whose 
voice, always raised to save his countrymen from 
dishonor, uttered these celebrated words: 
And now, sir, coming from a slave State, as I- do, r owe 
it to Inyself, I owe it to irutl), owe it to the subject, to 
say that no earthly power could induce Ille to vote for a 
specific measure tor t.he introducti011 of slavery where it 
had not beibre existed, either south or north of that line. 
Coming, as I do, from a slave State, it is my -solemn, de- 
liberate, and well-matured determination, that no ptbwer— 
order to form a just estimate of the consequences i [ no earthly power—shall compel Ine to vote for the. positive 
' introduction of slavery either south or north of that line." 
of that rejection. Bat the undaunted friends of 
In my second group of objections, I would urge 
the measure, separating from the frowning ma- 
that this measure is: first, despotic; second, ag- 
jority of their party, forming a fragmentary con-• 
vention, and embodying their principles In the gressive, and third, destructive of the Constitu- 
nomination of John C. Breckinridge, placed it be- I 
tion itself. 
fore the people. That people, in one of the most Despotic, in the proposed subversion of the pre- 
of the people; aggressive, in assuming 
severe political campaigns this country has ever 
to legislatc for countries now under the control 
witnessed, with the threat of secession placed di- 
recti v befÖre them, overwhelmed it with popular of other governments; and destructive of the Con- 
stitution itself, in the blow struck at the equality 
condemnation by a majority of almost three mil- 
lion votes; 1,857,610 •Republicans denounced it of rights guarantied by that instrument. 
in all the territory of the 
It is proposed tbat 
importance to tbc welfare of the country, and by voting for Abraham Lincoln; 1,362,976 Dem- 
I ocrats rejected it when they gave their suffrages i i United States now held, or hereafter. acquired," 
without the terrible alternative of civil war. 
am uvwil\ing to be\ieve that, in this stage of the for Stephen A. Douglas; and 590,631 Americans south of 360 30' "African slavery is hereby recog- 
condemned it when, raising the battle-cry of" the nized as existing, and shall not. be interfered -with 
world 's prcvress, the differences of opinion be: 
tiVeen sections of our enlightened nation cannot Union and the Constitution," they struck at the by Congress, but shall be protected asproperty by 
I trust foes who would dissolve the one, or tamper with all the departments of the territorial government 
be arranged without an appeal to arms. 
It is to be " recognized 
du its continuance.' 
the other. 
they can be; and shall continue to labor to that 
Virginia, who had always voted for a Demo- as existing," whether in fact it shah exist or not. 
end until all hope departs. MT hile advocatin«y 
the necessity of rebuking treason with the voice cratic President—Virginia rallied her patriotic The people of the 'I'erritories may be averse to it; 
Of authority, I am in favor of reassuring loyalty sons, and expressed her loyalty to the Constitu-4,i but they shan be without a remedy. The people 
