912 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 14. 
ofthe United States may disapprove of it; but their 
Congress shall be- powerless. The Territorial 
Legislature may be opposed to it from policy or 
principle; but shall be Constrained to vote, in defi- 
ance of principle and policy, to propagate and 
sustain that which is-repuopant to-its convictions. 
Most likely, 'to understand' the interests of the 
domain to which it pertains, it is obliged to protect 
slavery in the Territory—against what? Against 
the honest action of its own untrammeled judg- 
•ment; against the struggles ofa helpless people 
hostile to the institution thus relentlesel•v: imposed 
upon them. What is this but despotisin? Des- 
potism in a land where the voice of the people 
has been •omnipotent as the voice of God! And 
wherefore this infringement upon popular rights? 
or wherefore this destruction, of establish-ed pol- 
icy? That the repugnance of tho people may 
wéär away under the inevitable influence of cus- 
tom, association, and interest, until from the ter- 
ritorial forcing-house may be transplanted a new 
slave State or States, to preserve the ascendency 
of slavery over freedom in the Confederation. 
This amendment to the Constitution, then , with 
a sublime indifference to the wishes or interests 
of a people, aims at the- nobler end of' the pres- 
ervation ofa party. Sir, what is all this but ma- 
chinery to force the institution of slavery upon 
free •men? Methinks, the effort to compel the 
people of a Territory to accept the Lecompton 
constitution should have taught us wisdom. I do 
not propose to "become a party to the renewed 
atiempt. 
While that portion of article first of Mr. CRIT- 
TENDEN'S proposition which relates to Territories 
now held by Lhe United States seems to me to be 
despotic, the paragraph which points to all which 
shall be " hereafter acquired" is aggressive. While 
willing -to legislate for all the 'Iterritory of the 
United States, Mr. Speaker, I naturally feel a mod- 
esthesir,ation in making laws for Cuba, Mexico, 
South America, mountains of the moon, or any 
other visionary, probable or improbable, posses- 
sions, comprehended undera term so vague. The 
localities I have mentioned are not only not under 
the jurisdiction of the United States, but are ac- 
tüafly held by other Gov.ments, who might 
-with justice resent this intrusion of covetous filli- 
busterism. Such an ideal style, of legislation 
would seem to be not only unstatesmanlike, but 
unprincipled. The antecedent legislation which 
id thus proposed will hardly snflice to change the 
laws of Central America or Cuba, should we, 
hereafter by any possibility negotiate for the pos- 
session of' those interesting localities; and if they 
become ours by less ceremonious process, I 
hope our own Constitution will not testify to a 
premcditated theft. 
Article six of •the resolut.ions provides that no I 
future amendrnent of the Constitution shall affect 
the five preceding articles, nor the third paragraph 
of the section of' t.hc fourth article of Consti- 
tution. When our fathers framed the Constitu- 
t,ion, they anticipated that tl'le exio•encips of a pro- 
gressive people, would demand modifications of 
that instrument. 'With provident forethought, 
they indicated the manner in which such amend- 
merits should be madc. Entering by the door left 
open for them, these amendments propose to close 
that door forever, and entrench then-Isel ves, as in 
a. fortress, against the besieo-ino- necessities of'af*tcr 
times. No future amendment shali affect them ! 
And why do they claim to be more sacred. than 
the Constitution itself? Why is one clause that 
Consit.ution elevated above its peers to share tho 
inviolable sanctity of these modern amendments? 
Because they single out, as the object of their 
peculiar care, one of the multifarious interests of 
the land. Without to examine the mer- 
its of that interest which has it,spired a (lcvotion 
that surpasses pati•iotism; that interest to which 
Senators and Cabinets have transferred the fealty 
due to their country; that interest which is pre- I 
be. amended, .provided some of the articles shall 
never be amended ?" Sir', II claim that such an 
amendmeht would be in direct antagonism with a 
'fundamental principle on which the instrument 
was framed—the equal protection fronL Ciol.ability of 
I urge that, when 
au the interests secttred by it. 
these resolutions propose to stand unalterably for- 
ever, athwart the track of an advancing people, 
the spirit of the Constitution itself interposes to 
protect the centuries of the future from- these 
shackles which the -present labors to forge. 
Slavery is to have especial protection in the 
charter of our liberties. 'It iS to be deified in an 
instrument in •wrhich the fathers refused it recog- 
nition as such. But, if entrenched in the Consti- 
tution as property, with protection above and be- 
yond all other property, witl it not follow, or will 
it not be claimed, that it will be entitled to pro- 
tection everywhere, not only in the Territories, 
but on the high seas, under our flag, as well asin 
•the free States of this Union ? 
As was shown by the distinguished gentleman 
from Maryland, [Mr. Dnvls,] the people will 
never ratify the idea of extending slavery to free 
It is impossible to procure for thesc resolu- 
tions txvvo thirds of this body, or even•a bare ma- 
jority. It is impossible to obtain a like majority 
in the other branch ; and three fourths of the States 
would never adopt them. Let all friends of the 
Union abandon them as •a useless impossibility, 
now and forever. Pause, gentlemen of the Amer- 
ican Congress, pause, before you ask of men as 
free as yourselves rso impossible a surrender, of 
sacred convictions. 
Mr. Speaker, I shall-now briefly—for the time 
allotted to me will not admit of extended discus- 
Sion—referto the measures of adjustment reported 
by the committec of thirty-three. These propo- 
sitions, or at least several of them, have been re- 
sponded to by the country, and I believe will be 
sustained by a majority of this House, as most 
equitable and reasonable in themselves. Amoncy 
the resolutions reported, is one in relation to perr- 
sonal liberty bills, so called. It is said that some 
northern States have adopted measures for the 
purpose of preventing the arrest and surrender of 
fugitives from labor. Although this objection is 
a mere pretext for disorder in the GGlf States, 
inasmuch as they seldom or never lose a fugitive 
by reason of obstructive legislation, yet good 
faith requires that any enactment of the character 
indicated should be promptly repealed; not be- 
cause anybody denu:.tnds it, but because it is right 
in itself. 'The committee have reported a resolu- 
tion for that purpose, and I trust it will be adopted. 
They have also reported an amended fugitive 
slave law, which, inasmuch as it gives a right. of 
trial by jury, under certain circumstances, to the 
alleged tugitive; and provides for his return to the 
place from which it is claimed he escaped, as well 
ns other wholesome provisions, is an improve- 
ment on the present law, and well worthy of con- 
sidefation. 
The disposition of the territory of the United 
States south of' 360 30' '•,vas and is the main sub* 
ject of difiiculty. But I will say to you, gentle- 
men of the border States, and you, gentlemen of 
the Democratic party, that you have it in your 
power to quiet ail this agitation; and I beseech 
you to come forward and do it. Abandon extreme 
views; (Five up the Crittenden and other irnpossi- 
bilit,ics; und let us unite our strength on the New 
l\fexico measure reported from the committce of 
thirty-three, in the spirit in which it was offered 
by the distinguished gentleman from Massachu- 
sects, [Mr. Ann Ms.] This Territory, except a 
small portion embraced in Indian treaties, and 
which cannot be included in any State, is all that 
remains to the United States south of 360 30' 
The moment. we. exclude the idea of future acqui- 
sition , or fillibustcrism," this New Mexico pos- 
constitution -may pregctibe at the time of their admission. 
— United States Statutes at Large, Thirty-First Congress, 
1850, p. 447. 
Gentlemen of the South , you were parties to the 
compromise of 1850. Will you execute the con- 
tract we then rnade in good faith, and by the pas- 
sage of the enabling act, reported by the gentle- 
man from Ohio, [Mr. CORWIN,] permit the people 
of New Mexico to make their constitution in their 
own way? YVe gave this conffrcssional pledge to 
the people who -went into that Territory. Shall 
we not redeem the faith of the Government? 
Gentlemen of the Republican party, WI'IO pro- 
pose to " execute the laws, " cannot refuse to exe- 
cute the organic law of this Territory. On an- 
other occasion they submitted the same question 
to the people ofa Territory, north of 360 30', and 
have had no occasion to repent the submission. 
New Mexico is said to have a population of one 
hundred and five thousand inhabitants. 
admit it as a State, then this whole question of 
slavery will be taken from Congress, and the aeri- 
tation will cease. This measure, then, with such 
modifications as may be just and reasonable, am 
ready to sustain. If it shall not be adopted, in 
my judgment the best plan would hereafter be, 
to refer the whole subject to a convention of all 
the States. The people made this Government, 
and I know their ability to take care of it. 
My own State will stand by the Union to the 
last. She looks to no other future, and desires 
none. Moderate in their views, as her people are 
known to be, deeply anxious as they are to arrange 
all pending difficulties in thc spirit of fraternal 
affection, yet her lot is cast with the Union. She 
will assist in upholding and maintainitw it to the 
last of her sons and her treasure. God grant that 
the Union may be perpetual. 
Mr. VANDEVER obtained the floor. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the gentleman to 
yield to me in behalf of the public business. 
Mr. VANDEVER. Certainly. 1 yield for 
that purpose. 
ENROLLED BILL. 
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Enrolled 
Bills, reported that they had examined and found 
truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 547) for the relief of 
the parish of St. Matthew's church in the city 
of Washington; when the Speaker signed the 
same. 
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the special 
order be postponed until next Tuesday after the 
morning hour, with a view to go into the Com- 
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to 
take up the Post Office appropriation bill. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. object. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 yield to the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Idemand the previous 
tion on the motion to postpone the further con- 
sideration of the s ecial order. 
Mr. CAMPBEEL. 1 hope the gentleman from 
Maryland [Mr. WEBSTER] will be allowed to 
occupy the attention of the House for a föw mo- 
ments. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand the yeas and nays 
on the motion to postpone. 
Mr. BURNETT. hope that the gentleman 
from Ohio will not only withdraw his demand for 
tho previous quesuion, but that he will also with- 
draw his motion to postpone. I trust that he will 
hear my reason for It. 
If' he does not desire to 
continue this discussion, we are ready to vote; but 
if he intends that there shall be any more debate, 
then let it mow go on. We desire to discuss the 
special order on -this side. Gentlemen on the 
other side of the House have been heard, accord- 
incr to my recollection, as four to one on this side. 
Gentlemen on the other side have been heard in 
I the day, while gentleman on this side have been 
session is the sole bone of contention—the only 
compelled to speak at night, to empty benches. 
su bject of difficulty among the people of the coun- 
The SPEAKER pro tcjnpo,re, (Mr. KELLOGG, 
sented to the Constitution for such partial care—I ii try. I claim that no further " compromise" or 
procped to question the right to make an amend- 
of Illinois, in the chair.) Debate is not in order 
co ncession is necessary in regard to this Territory. 
ment which, 'vvhen made, Wii! be in direct conflict We adjusted the whole subject in 1850, after care- 
during the call for the previous question. 
with the insn•urnent itself. and destructive, to its fu] and solemn deliberation, and with the approval Mr. BURNETT. I have only a few words to 
spirit, meaning, balance, and equality. The res- i of the leading statesmen of both sections. This I sab 
r. BABBITT. 1 call the gentleman to order. 
clutions say that certain of them, and a certain por- 
deliberate adjustment was made the law of the 
oon of the Constitution, shali never be amended. land, and remains upon the statute-book to this MI". BURNETT. If the gentleman from Ohio 
The Constitution says that afi its articles Inaybe day. It is as follows: 
wants to stop debate, and have vote on the spe- 
amended. Did it. contemplate the introduction of 
Cial order, then we will go with him. If not, then 
PT0Üided., 'I'hat when admitted as a State, the said Ter% 
let the debate go on. 
auy amendment to destroy the power to amend ? 
ritory, [New Mexico,] or any portion of thé sanie, shall be 
_ , all the articles may received into the Union with or without Blavery; as their Mr. SHERMAN. only say that I do not 
Shali the C,on.stituüon read. ' 
