1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE: 
Hicks, who is •not here It-o defend himself. I 
.object to •my colleagåe farming out the floor. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. point of order. 
I 
only yielded the floor to the gentleman from 
Michigan to enable' him to make a report; and I 
insist that the gentleman from Maryland has no 
right to -take the floor under those circumstances. 
The SPEAKER tempore. 'rhe Chair over- 
rules the point of order. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I appeal from the decision 
of the Chair. 
Mr. SICKLES. I move to lay the appeal on 
the table. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. call for tellers upon that 
motion. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. TRAIN, and 
CRAIG of Missouri, were appointed. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes 42, noes 71; no quorum votino'. 
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do 
now adjourn. 
Mr. 'JOHN COCHRANE. 1 am upon the 
floor, and no gentleman can take it from me to 
make that motion. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The gentleman 
from New York has not the floor now, as the 
House is dividing on a question of appeal from 
the decision of' the Chair. 
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order . 
There being no quorum, as appears by a countof 
the tellers, no business is in-order. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I ask for a 
recount. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 desire that a .quorum 
shall be present when grave questions likc this 
are under discussion; and I intend, so far asi am 
concerned, that there shall be a quorum present. 
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. i call for a recount. 
The SPEAKER pro tunpore. The Chair will 
order a recount. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust, as there seems to 
be some confusion in the I-louse, that we will go 
into the Committee of the and do a, good 
act by passing the Post Offc.e bill. 
Mr. BRANCH. can end this whole matter 
if the House will hear me a moment. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the rules be 
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into 
the Comrnittee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union. 
Mr. WINSLOW. The House is dividing, and 
that motion is out of order. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 insiston myright 
to the floor. 
The SPEAKER The Chair has 
ordered a recount. 
The tellers resumed their places; the House 
again divided; and the tellers reported—ayes 42, 
noes 89. 
So the House refused to lay the appeal upon 
the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tmnpore. The question 
now is: " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as 
the judo•mont of the House 
A1-r. Ni'VEBSTER (amid great confusion, and 
repeated cries of order) said: I hope the gentle- 
man from Illinois will withdraw his appeal, and 
allow my colleague to proceed; and then give me 
an opportunity to reply. I will only say now, in 
regard to Governor Hicks's course cencrally, that 
I 'believe he has been actuated by patriotic mo- 
tives, and that his conduct has been prudent, and 
vv'il! be approved by two thirds of the people of i 
my State. 
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Speaker— 
[Cries of" Question ! ' ' Question . 
The SPEAKER tempore. The first thing 
' Shall the decision of 
in order is the question, 
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House 
T hc question was put; and it was decided in 
the negative. 
the author of the resolution was summonedbefore 
the committee. 
Haying now concluded my remarks, I •nove to 
lay the resolution on the table. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Upon that 
motion I demand the yeas and nåys. 
Mr. TAPPAN. 1 appeal to tlicgenflemanfrom 
New York to allow me to offer what I send to the 
Clerk's desk, as an amendment to his motion to 
lay upon the, table. 
Mr. HUGHES. I appeal to the courtesy of the 
gentleman from New York [cries of Order ! " 
" Order!" from the Republican side] to -yield to 
me fora moment. ["0bject!" "Object!" 
] Idesire 
to say that the question before the House is emi- 
nently a Maryland affair, involving the honor of 
its people. [Deafening cries of " Order ! ' ' Or- 
cr!"] I, have wished to House on 
this matter; but as -it will not :listcn to my col- 
league, [Mr. RUNKEL,] I will not at present make 
the attempt, further than to say, that if the House 
will assign any time, and give us fair ring, I 
Shull be ready to enter the arena for a full discus- 
Sion of Maryland politics, no doubt to the great 
edification of the House and the country. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The question is 
upon the motion to lay upon the table. 
I desire the attention of the 
Mr. BRANCH. 
House for a moment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there any ob- 
jection to hearing the gentleman from North Car- 
otina? [Cries of" Object ! ' ' Object ! ' ' 
Mr. MALLORY. 1 rise to a point of order. 
It is, that if what we have just witnessed shall be 
repeated in the galleries, the galleries be cleared. 
[Laughter.] 
The SPEAKER The Chair would 
sucyrrest that it is impossible for him to distinguish 
between the commotion in the I-louse and the 
commotion in the galleries. [Laughter.] 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the gen- 
Norn North Carolina— 
[Cries of" Call the roll P' " Call the roll all 
over the House.] 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Iwantto pro- 
pose amendment; and I ask that it be read. 
[Loud cries of " Call the roll !" and " Object ! 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. order' must be 
preserved. No business will be transacted until 
quiet is restored. 
Mr.MORRlS,0fPonnsylvania. Mr. Speaker, 
[cries of Order!" " Order!" ] I presume thcgen- 
Neman from North Carolina will not objectto hear 
my amendment read. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, and others, 
called the gentleman to order. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, (amid great 
said: I 
confusion and dcafOninD' cries to order,) 
desire to offer this amendment: that the troops 
shall be removed fron•i this city when the forts and 
arsenals of the Federal Government, seized and 
held possession of by South Carolina, Louisiana, 
Alabama, Mississippi, and Gcorgia, are restored 
to the Federal aut.horities. 
The question was then taken; and it was de- 
cided in the affrmative—yeas 124, nays 35; as 
follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Ada;ns, Grecn Adams, Ald- 
rich, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, 
Bingh:un, Blair, Blake, Brayton, .Briggs5 Bristow, 
Buihn•ton, Burlinga:uc, Butt.crliel(!, Carnpbcll', Carter, Case, 
Horace F. Clark, Coburn, John Cochrane-, Coliäx, Conk* 
ling, C01\way, C,ovode, Curtis, H. Wintcr- l)avis, John 
G. Davis, Due li, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, my, 
idtre, Farnsworth, Fcnton, Ferry, Foster. Fouke, Frank, 
French. Gn tuer, Goocb, Grahaln, Grow, Hare, I-ia]l, Haskin, 
Ilatton. Hehnic\,-, Hoard, Williank A. Howard, Hun'iphrey 
Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, VVilliam 
Hutchins, 
Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Lart•abee, I)eWitt 
. L,eaeh 
Lee, Logar), Longnecker, Looiiiis, Lovejoy, Mallory. Mars. 
ton, McClernand, McKean , Me Kenty, McKnight, McPher- 
son, M illson, Laban Moore„ Moorhead, Morrill, ICdward 
Isaac N. iMorris, Morse, Nelson, Niblaek, 
Joy Morris, 
Nixon, Palmer, Perry, Porter, Potter, Pottlc Edwin R, 
Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson, 
So the decision of the Chair was not sustained, Royce. Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles. Spaulding, 
Spinner. Stevens, VVilfiazn Stewart, Stokes, Stratton, Tap- 
and Mr. KUNKEL was ruled off the floor. 
Yl'rain, Vandever, Vau Wyck, 
IM r. JO 121 N COCHRANE. I shall proceed pan, 'I'fieaker, Tmupkin•, 
Wade, Waldron, V'Valt011, Cad waiader C. W'aslhburn, Ellihu 
only for the purpose of courteously answering the 
B. Washburne, Webster, VVei\s, Wilson, and Woodrufi2- 
the question put to me by the gentleman from 
124. 
do not know that the rules of 
NAYS—Messrs. Avery, Barr, Barret, Bocock, Boteler, 
North Carolina. 
the I-louse will allow me a specific answer re- Bouljgny, Brabson, Branch, Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark, 
Burton Craige, Dc Jarnette, English, Fiorence, Garnett, 
speeting: what occurred in the committee; but I 
may satisfactorilv answer him in a parliamentary II S. Martin, Maynard, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Quar}es, 
l! Rust, Scott, i,Viiiiatn N. H. Smith, Stevenson, Thomas, 
manner, bv referrinet() the files of evidence taken 
IVhitele.y, Winslow. and 
before the committee, and now upon the Clerk's 
desk. By that evidence, it does not appear that i i So tbc resolu was laid on the Xtable. 
During the:cal/, 
Mr. DEJARVNETTEI 
was confined to his room 
•Mr. WELLS staged,thaiMr. 
pelled to leave the, Hall by iiidisposivioi.: 
BINGHAM8tated Mr. 
absent on account of ,iilness. 
Mr. MOORE, of.' Kentucky,- -stated* *that 
VANCE.was detained at home by 
Mr. FOUKE (amid repeated cries to. Order) 
said: I voted against laying the the 
table with the hope of having an, opportunity 
to offer a substitute. The President dfithe tJQiied 
States being commanderYin-chief of the ...Army: of 
the United States, has a righvto quarter troops 
wheresoever he may deem the necessity 
But -I do not believe they are necessary in thé'bis- 
.trict of Columbia. at this time, to protect either 
person or, . roperty. .1 *vote ay." 
Mr. PRELPS (amid cries 
desire to see the troops removed* from-this- city; 
for I believe there- is no more necessity. for ,'their 
being here than for their being in my own town. 
I vote 6' no." 
Mr. HINDMAN. I desire. 
why I have not voted to lay the resolution on the 
table. [Cries of " Order!" " OÉdcr!" 
cause am not entitled to, vote, [laughter, and 
cries of" Order!" boing outside of the bar when 
.my name was eal ed. 
Mr. HINDMAN subsequently obtained leave 
to vote, and voted in the negative. 
The result was announced, as above recorded. 
Mr. I)AWES moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the resolution was laid on.thé table; and 
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
Mr.vHOWARDi of Michigan. 1 offer the 
lowing resolution for reference to the Joini Com- 
mittee on Printin«y: 
Resolved, That there.be printed for the use Of this House, 
five thousand extra copies of the fepött and eviden•eé-åub- 
mitted by the committee:of five•oil the -subject,of -a-secret 
hostile organization. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 would say to the gentle- 
man that this is the first document that has been 
submitted here since I have been a member of 
Congress that. I really believe ought to. be pub- 
lished, and I hope he will increase Jhe number ,o.f 
extra copies to twenty thousand. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. The 
must go to. the Committee qn Printing. 
Mr. PHELPS. I hope that by unanimous 
consent the resolution will be adopted now. 
Mr. »IASHBURNE, of Illinms. That can. 
I not be done. The law requires that the resolution 
shall go to the Committee on Printing. 
The resolution was, as the law requires, re- 
ferred to the Committee on Printing. 
And then, on motion of Mr. THOMAS* (at 
four o'clock and twenty-three minutes, p. 
the House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
FRIDAY, February 15, 1861. 
TheJournal of yesterday was read and approved. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid bcfore the sen- 
ate a report of the Secretary of War, comrhuhi- 
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the 
Senate, Lieutenant Michler?s report of'his survey 
for an inter-oceanic silip canal near the Isthmus 
of Daa•ien•, which was ordered to lie on the table; 
and a motion by Mr. GREEN to print the report 
was referred to the Committee on Printing. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. WADE presented a petit.ion of citizens of 
Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the Consti- 
tution as it is, and the enforcement of all the 'la•s; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f Mt. THOMSON presented a memofial ofciti- 
zens of Caldwell, Essex county, Jersey, 
praying the adoption ot the proposition oof the 
Representatives of the border States for the ad- 
I justmentofthe present sectional diffcuities; which 
was ordered to lie on the table: 
Mr. SAULSBURY presented a Vetition of • 
Williain Thorn * •praying-to be allowed his.wages 
and expenses dunng the time he 'evas absent from 
k, his employment in the navy-yard at Washington 
