918 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 15, 
on accountof an injury received while in the dis- 
Cha:rge' of his duty; which was referred to the 
Committee on Claims. 
Mr. 'TEN EYCK presented petition of citi- 
zens of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the 
Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of all 
the laws; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of one 
hundred •legat voters of Chicago, Illinois, ex- 
pressing their attachment to the Constitution and 
laws; and their opposition to compromises, and 
asking Congress to adopt such measures as may 
be necesSary to -preserve the public property-, 
maintain the honor of the flag; and the integrity 
of the Union; Which' was ordered to lie on the 
table. 
Mr. RICE. 'I have a memorial similar to the 
one that presented yesterday, praying that the 
present diffculties may be adjusted upon the plan 
shbmitted by the honorable Senator from Ken- 
tucky, [Mr. CRITTENDEN,] or some similar plan. 
I will state to the Senate that this memorial is 
somewhatsignificant. Itissigned by Rev. Thomas 
L. Grace, bishop of St. Paul, a man well known 
not only in Minnesota, butin other parts of the 
country, and highly esteemed for his intelligence 
and piety. It is also signed by the vicar general, 
and by the priests of the Catholic church, and by 
some two hundred Vöters of the city of St. Paul, 
all prominent and highly respectable citizens. 
ask that the memorial lie on the table. 
It was so ordered. 
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 
Mr. the Committee on Claims, 
to; whom was referred the memorial of Alexander 
Wilson, prayino• remuneration for expenses in- 
curred, and compensation for his services, while 
United States attorney for the 'Territory of Utah, 
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered 
to be printed. 
He also, from the same committee, to whom 
was referred the petition oc B. F. Rittenhouse, a 
clerk in the offce of the Register of the Treasury, 
praying compensation for extra services, submit- 
ted an adverse report; which was ordered to be 
printed. 
WILLIAM COWING. 
Mr. BRAGG. The Committee on Claims, to 
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 623 for 
the relief of William Cowing, have instructe me 
to report it back, with a recommendation that 
it pugs; and also, to ask that the bill be put on 
its passage now. I will state that it passed the 
committee unanimously. It is a little claim for 
#126, for some meritorious -extra services that 
were performed in one of the Departments, which 
It has passed the other 
ought to be allowed. 
House, and I hope it will pass the Senate at 
once. 
Therc being no objcction, the bill (H. R. No. 
623) for the relief of' William Cowino• was con- 
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. 
poses 10 direct thc Secretary o? thc Treasury to 
$126, in full for additional 
pay to William Cowincr 
allowance as clerk, under the provisions of the 
second section of the Act making appropriations 
for t-l-te civil and diplomatic expel').ses of the Gov- 
ernment," approved August 31, 1852. 
"I'he bill was reported to the Scnate, ordered to 
a third reading, read the third time, and passed. 
COMMITTEE SERVICE. 
Mr. THOMSON. 1 ask to be excused from 
further service upon the Committee on Naval 
Affairs. 
Mr. GRIMES. -What is that for? 
Mr. THOMSON. 1 am tired of it. 
The motion was agreed to. 
INDIAN AFFAIRS. 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 ask the Senate to take up 
Senate bill No. 459 for consideration. It is a pri- 
vote bill. 
Mr. LANE. I shall not object to taking it up. 
I only ask the Senator to allow me to introduce a 
tricable Confusion by one Senator getting the floor 
and handing it around to other Senators for spe- 
ciEd purposes. By general consent, the resolution 
of the Senator from Oregon will be read. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in- 
structed to inquire into the necessity and expediency of ad- 
ditional appropriations for the fiscal year ending June 30, 
1861, to carry into effect existing treaty stipulations, to pro- 
vide for contingencies which have arisen since the passage 
of the usual appropriation bills, and to maintain the peace 
of the Indian country, in the State of Oregon and tbc Ter- 
ritory ot• Washington ; and to report by bill or otherwise. 
The resolution v,ras considered by unanimous 
consent, and agreed go. 
TIIOMAS J. PAGE. 
Mr. GRIMES. I now move to take•up the bill 
(S. No. 459) for the relief of Commander Thomas 
J. Page, United States Navy. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 thought re- 
ports were in order. 
Mr. GRIMES. This will take buta moment. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions and re- 
ports are in order; but the motion of the Senator 
from Iowa is in order. 
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No. 
459) for the relief of Commander J. Page, United 
States Navy, was considered as in Committee of 
It proposes to direct the proper ac- 
the Whole. 
counting offcers of the Treasury to allow to Com- 
mander Thomas J. Page, in the adjustment of his 
accounts as purser of the United States steamer 
Water Witch, crcdit for certain suspended items, 
not to exceed $354 46. 
The bill •„vas reported to the Senate, ordered to 
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third 
time, and passed. 
MRS. E. A. LINN. 
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. The Commit- 
tec to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses 
of the Senate havc had under consideration a 
resolution inttoduced by the Senator from New 
Hampshire, [Mr. HALE,] relative to the order of 
the Senate directing the payment of certain money 
to Mrs. E. A. Linn, and have instructed me to 
make a report, which I hope will be read. It is 
a very short one. 
The Secretary read the report, as follows: 
The Comntittee to Audit and Control the Contingent 
Expenses of the Senate, to which was referred a resolu- 
tion of thc Senate of 2d February, 1861, as follows: 
Resolved, r.i'hat the reasons assigned by the Secretary 
of thc Senate his neglect to obey the order of the Sen- 
ate rnade on the 20th of March last in favor of Mrs. E. A. 
and that he be 
Linn are insufficient and unsatisfactory ; 
instructed fOrLhwit,11 to executc the smnc," report : 
'I'hat the committee, after careful c.xmnination of the sub- 
jecL, is or the opinion that tbc reasons by the Secre- 
tary of the Senate, in his letter of the 29th January, 3861. 
for not Inakiug the. payment directed by the resolution of 
the Senate, are sufficient and satisfactory; hut that. the 
Senato having passed the said order, the chairman of the 
connnit.tee bc directed to ask for an appropriation to enable 
the Secretary of the Senatc to make the payment. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The commit- 
tee have instructed me to offer, in the first appro- 
priation bill that comes up, an amendment appro- 
priating the amount necessary to fulfill the order 
of the Senate. There is no money out of which 
nessee; and if there were an order of the Senate 
to pay a specific sum, I think perhaps the Secre- 
tary would pay it without question, as there are 
manv precedents for such payments. 
2vfr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The commit- 
tee, on an examination of the law, did not con- 
sider that the Secretary was authorized to pay it 
out of the contingent fund. Therefore, they sus- 
tain him in his report giving the reasons for not 
paying it; but they also authorized the chairman 
to propose an amendment to an appropriation 
bill, so as to authorizé the Secretary to pay the 
amount, which will be done on the first appro- 
priation bill that comes up. 
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN CALIFORNIA. 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 moveto take up House bill 
No. 299. It is a bill that I obtained the floor once 
to take up, and gave way for the presentation of 
I will state that Ido not wish to put 
memorials. 
it on its passage now, but to fix a day for its con- 
sideration. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
California moves to take up House bilk No. 299, 
for the payment of expenses incurred in the sup- 
pression of Indian hostilities in the State of Cai- 
ifornia. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. LATHAM. I move to set it down for 
next Tuesday, at one o'clock. 
Mr. G WIN. I will say to my colleague that 
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. WILSON] 
asked, yesterday, that that day should be set apart 
for him. He has been postponed five or six times. 
Mr. LATHAM. Then 1 move to make it the 
special order for Wednesday next, at one o'clock. 
The motion was agreed to. 
MESSAGE FROM HOUSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. F0RNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
I-louse had passed a bill (No. 655) for the relief 
of Prentis Champlain; in which the concurrence 
of the Senate was requested. 
The message further announced that the House 
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 551) for 
the relief of Hockaday & Ligget. 
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL. 
The message further announced that the House 
insists upon ils disagreement to the amendment 
of the Senate to bill (H. R. No. 864) making ap- 
propriations for the consular and diDlomatic ex- 
penses of the Government for the year ending 
June 30, 1862, insisted on by the Snate, and 
upon its amendment to the seventh amendment 
of the Senate to the said bill, disagreed to by the 
Senate; agrees to the conference asked by the Sen- 
ate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses 
thereon; and has appointed Mr. THOMAS CORWIN 
of Ohio, Mr. JOHN S. MILLSON of Virginia, and 
Mr. E.' Joy MORRIS of Pennsvlvania, manacrers 
the same on the part of the House. 
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., BILL. 
The message further announced that the House 
insists upon its disagreement to the amendments 
of Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 892) making 
it can be paid, and the chairman is authorized by l, appropriations for the legislative, executive, and 
the committee to propose an amendment to the 
judicial expenses of the Government for the year 
resolution for reference. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will 
state now that the order of business must be main- 
tained. If the Senator from Iowa gives way he 
may not obtain the floor again. 
Mr. LANE. i would not take the floor from 
The VICE PRESIDENT. we fall into inex- I 
first appropriation bill that comes up, appropriat- 
ing the amount. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 wish to say a word; 
and I desire the ear of the Sehator from Tennes- 
see. The former order was indefinite as to the 
amount to be paid. If it be, as the Senate un- 
doubtedly intended it should be, the amount of 
constructive mileage due to Senator Linn, then it 
amounts, according to the Secretary's estimate, 
to but twenty-six hundred and odd dollars. 
propose, therefore, that, instead of what the Sen- 
ator proposes, the Senate make an order to pay 
to Mrs. Linn $2,600. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. There must be a law 
for it. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Iwas add, that I. 
there are on our records instances on instances of I 
such payments being directed out of the contin- 
gent fund. The contingent fund has been applied 
to such purposes over and over ,vain. An appro- 
priation by law is not necessary. Money is ap- 
propri.ated to our use as a contingent fund. sve 
have a right to dispose of it as such, and we have 
done so in numerous cases. merely intended I 
to make this suggestion to the Senator from Ten- 
ending the 30th of Jane, 1862, insisted on by the 
Senate; agrees to the conference asked by the 
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the tW(0 Houses 
thereon; and has appointed Mr. J0HN SHERMAN 
ot• Ohio, Mr. THADDEUS STEVENS of Pennsylva- 
nia, and Mr. Jonu C. PURCI-I of California, man- 
acmers at the same on the part of the House. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. 
The message further announced that the Speaker 
had signed the following cnrolled bill and joint 
resolution; which thereupon received the signa- 
ture of the Vice President: 
A bilt (S. No. 547) for the relief of the parish 
of St. Matthew's church, of the city of Washing- 
ton; and 
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) directing the 
accounting omcers of the Treasury to settle the 
accounts of the late Robert Stockton, quarter- 
master, 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
The message further announced that the House 
had ordered, on the 14th instant,a.t t,welvc o'ciock 
and eleven minutes, the printing of a letter from 
