1861. 
Mr. WADE. Yes, we'shall. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The question 
is on the motion to postpone the special order, 
for the purpose of continuing the discussion on 
this bill. 
Mr. Mr. WIGFALL. Voting on it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate can 
vote to continue the bill; but they cannot order 
the vote to be taken if any Senator wishes to dis- 
cuss it. It is moved and seeonded that the special 
order of the day, being the tariff bill, bepostponed 
in order to continue the joint resolution before the 
Senate. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 understood there was a 
proposition to let the special order lie over in- 
formally by unanimous consent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un- 
derstood that to be objected to, inasmuch as other 
motions were interposed. 
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator from New York 
moved to lay the joint resolution on the table, and 
we have two or three motions. I' hope we shall 
go on with the special order. 
Mr. CAMERON. I hope our friends here x.vill 
not postpone so important a bill as the tariff bill, 
for the purpose of discussing this doubtful ques- 
tion. The motion may postpone the tariff bill for 
the who}c day. It loses its place by this vote, and 
will require another motion to get it up. hope 
the Senator from Ohio will not put us in this po- 
sition. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope •sve may have fifteen 
minu tes. Suppose, by general consent, we post- 
pone the tariff bill for fifteen minutes. 
If we are 
not done with this matter, then that can come up. 
Mr. CAMERON. What (10 we gain by that? 
Mr. CLINGMAN. we may get this out of 
the way. 
Mr. CAMERON. There is no haste with it. 
It can wait until to-morrcr,v. 
Mr. BIGLER. Let us have the yeas and nays 
on the motion to postpone. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
MI'. WADE. I am as much in favor of the 
tariff as the Senator from Pennsylvania; but when 
a thing has been discussed and taken the whole 
morning hour, and when I know that if I call it 
up again we shall have to go through the same 
discussion again, I think, when we are so near 
the vote on it. we ought to take it. I think it will 
forward business and forward your tariff bill also. 
Now, one word about this joint resolution. Gen- 
tlemen say I cannot t.oll_ how much is due. 
not pretend to do so; but the bill is guarded at 
every point. These men have performed certain 
services, and the Postmaster General has all the 
vouchers to show exactly how much is due. 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The Chairwill 
suggest to the Senator that the question is on the 
motion to postpone, which does not involve the 
merits of either of the bills. 
Mr. WADE. I wish for but one moment to 
say that -I do not think there can be any doubt that 
a just conclusion can be come to on this bill, pro- 
vided your executive offcers are honest. If they 
are not, I cannot warrant you anything, and you 
cannot do business then. If they will magnify a 
$16,000 claim to $130,000, it only shows that they 
do not act properly. 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like if we are 
going into a discussion on this motion. If so, I 
shall follow the Senator from Ohio. 
Mr. WADE. I am not going into it; but the 
Senator from New Hampshirc [Mr. CLARK] said 
1 could not tell how much was due. -I admit that; 
because there is a contract for t.his service, and 
the bill leaves it to the Department to pay accord- 
ing to the contract for the service actually ren- 
dercd, and they have all the vouchers before them 
to show what that was, and I dare trust them with 
that. That is all. 
Mr. 'I'RUMBULL. I want to say one word 
as to the considerations i.vhicll will control my 
vote in this matter, without expressing any opin- 
ion as to the Giddings claim; whether I shall 
vote for or against it. My experience in the Sen- 
ate since I have been here is, that we have lost a 
great deal more time in these disputes about 
which bill should have the precedence, than has 
table That is a test vote; you cannot discuss•it; 
you are bound to come directly to a vote. -I?we 
proceed with this bill, We shall have a vote at 
once; and 'it w•ould have taken place •long ago if 
the Senator from PennsylVania had not interposed 
with his tariff. I think ho •will never get tariff 
bill through by such a courge of policy as that. 
There was nothing to do but take -the yeas and 
nays, when he began protesting here in regard to 
the tariff. No debate was in order; the motion 
was to lay this joint resolution on the table. 
It 
would have been a test vote, and decided- very 
soon. Nosv, it is not because am opposed to 
the measure of which the Senator from Rhode 
Island has charge, hut because I think itthe better 
way to dispatch the business of the Senate to 
hold on to a mcasure when you have- got it in a 
position where you are ready to vote-upon it; and 
I t.l'link we shall find the tariff bill will sooner 
pass if we adopt that course, and hold on to it; 
for I shall vote with the Senator from Pennsyl- 
vania to hold on to it When we have it•under con- 
sideration; butl think we had better get rid of this 
joint resolution now, and not take upto-morrow 
with it. 
Mr. CAMERON. I am always willing to be 
lectured by my friends; and, as the gentleman is 
with me on the tariff, I am willing that he should 
say what he has said; but I think it was not in 
very good taste, notwithstanding it came from 
hirn. This bill occupied the time allotted by the 
rules for its consideration. The time came by the 
clock v.rhen the tariff bill was in order, and, by 
the proper rules of the Senate, that moment the 
hammer should have come down and the tariff 
bill should have been talccn up. The true course, 
in my view, different frotn that of the Senator 
from Illinois, is, to take everything in order. 
When you fix a particular bill for a particular 
hour on a certain day, when that time comes, take 
it up and dispose of it. One good rule in business 
is, to do one thing at a time; and if we had fol- 
lowed that rule in this case, fThen we occupied all 
the time allotted to this bill, we should have stopped 
and gone to the other. Besides that, tho motion 
of the Senator from Ohio is to postpone the tariff 
bill for the purpose of disposing of this. That 
postponement puts it out of the way, and puts it 
beyond the reach of its order. 
If It was a mere 
motion to let it go by common consent and takc 
this up, I should have made no objection, but 
when there is danger of losing this important bill, 
I cannot stand here quiet, notwithstanding the 
gentleman says he is going to vote with me. I 
have no great objection to his giving me a lecture. 
The lecture I take in good part; but I do not ap- 
prove of the reasons. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'Thequestion is 
on postponing the order of the day for the purpose 
of continuing the House joint resolution No. 62. 
The question being taken by ycas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 27, nays 20; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Bayard, Bright„ Clingman, Crit- 
tendon, Dixon, l)ouglas, Darkec, Fitch, Green, Gwin, Halc, 
H Phil l, J Oh ns•on oC'Pcn ncssee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, 
Pofk, Powell, Rice, Saulsbury, Thomson, 
N icholson. 
'Prumbull, WVadc, WVi!lfaål, and Wilkinson—27. 
NAYS—Mcssrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bingharn, Bragg, Cam- 
Griznes, King, Morrill, Pearce, Seward, Simmons, Sum- 
ner, 'Peu Eyck, and Wilson—20. 
So the motion was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
bofi.n•e the Senate is the amendment of the Senator 
fi•orn Pennsylvania to the amendment of the Sen- 
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mr. KING. Thcre was a motion to lay on the 
table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved 
and seconded that the joint resolution be laid on 
the table. 
LV.1r. LATHAM called for the yeas and nays, 
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted 
—yeas nays 25; as follows: 
YEAS- Messrs. Anthony, Binghan}, Bragg, Cameron, 
Clark, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot Foster, arirnos, I-larlan, 
king, Morrill, Pearce, Seward, Sitnmons, Sumner, 'I'en 
i Evc'k, Trumbull, Wilkinson, and VV ilson—21. 
"NAYS—Messrs•. Baker, Bigler, Bright, Chandlcr, Cling- 
I)i.xon, I)öw-rias, Fitch, Green, Gs.vin, 
nian, Crittenden, 
Hale, I-lcmphiål, Johnson of 'Itcnnessce, Kennedy, Lane, 
evei• been gained for any particular bill; and I Latham, Nicholson, Polk. Powell, Rice, Saulsbury, Th(nn- 
think that the true course to economize time is, 
when you have got a bill up to adhere to it till The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
now is on the amcndnqent of the Senator from 
you finish it, especially when it is a bill like this, 
-from New •Hampshire;rto seventy, ' 
and"inseri 'forty?' 
Mr. GRIMES. - Oal,léd; 
•on that propositiöh, before ?lgdo ago 
some information from the Post Offce Committee. 
I find that- the committee:, havae,zonade'., W.' report, 
ivhich accompanies ethis bill; .an&whiOh •upon 
our. tabl.es.• They' h'ä.ve -laid dbwn,in Ith'eirlai•gu- 
ment in advocaey• of it; today 
very correct one„l -think, for: ourßgovernmentas 
Senators here—that We , sh'ouldi 
amount that is asked for, but alWays -pay;par- 
•ticular attention to the equity. and justice of, the 
claim. -Idesirre to do So if-Eknowwh8t jugfide•.is; 
but I want to do iustice not only to:the individuals • 
for whose beneft a claim is sought to -be IjGsed 
through Congress;'but justice toethe Government 
and to the påoplé whom I represent. 
I firid-by 
the repört which is submitted bys the •Committee 
on the Post'Offce aml •PosiRoads, 'that they ag- 
certain , according to the principles stated by: thém , 
that the amount of the claim 
has against the'Goveinment 60.0 
Mr. WIGFALL. -Will the 
a moment to maké a•n.expianatiön? As hasalreådy 
been two or three times certainly explaihed, the 
repört and the bill do not correspond. The: réport 
is for damages. The bill or jcj•mt resölutiori ex- 
cludes damages. Therrcport goes on—Zl dd not 
it is from the other Housé— 
know who wrote it; 
and states the facts and the damages that would 
arise; and then, ignoring their reasoning, 'they 
report a joint resolution excluding damages tind 
asking only for pay for the actual service done. 
Mr. GRIMES. Ifthe Senator from Texas had 
read this report more critically than he seem' to 
have read it, he would have discovefed is 
mistaken. I will read the concluding •clauké of 
the report; 
From July 1, 1860', to January I, '1861,' the 
-would be the memoi•ialist has receiVed 
$35,000, leaving due to him ft)r the 'past six-months$63;224, 
making an aggregate:of $159,530.- 60,whiC11 Wöuld Seeni to 
be necessary to repair the violations of this contract. , This 
estimate, it will be perceived, 'leaves out of the calculation 
all qucstions of consequentiål damagej-of which testimony 
has been produced that the surn is very large. 
The Senator, therefore, wili perceive that he is 
It is $159,530 60," agcording to ihe 
mistaken. 
rcport of the comff)ittee upon whose recommend- 
anon we are asked to act here, loa+irp out ihc•se 
consequential' damages to which-the Senator frÖm 
Texas has referred. Now, the question 'I wint 
to propound to this committee is this: after giving 
us this report, and saying that there is due to Mr. 
Giddings from this Government directly , and with- 
out rcgard to consequential damages, $159 ,530 60, 
and acting upon the principle whicb they have 
attempted to enforce upon us here to-day, that we 
should regard the justice and equitH)flEie claim 
solely, and not its amount,'how iS it that they •mw 
come in and- proposc to pay Mr. Giddings Only 
$70,000? Why do they ignore this amount ot 
$100,000 which they say is justly •düé to him, and 
yet they are unwilling to pay it? 
Mr. HEMPHILL. -1 move to amend the 
amendment b inserting the words— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairwill 
state to the Senator that a motion to amend can- 
not now be entertained, as the question is on an 
amendment to an amendment. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. I will state the a'mcndment 
I intend to offer. It will be to this effect. The 
joint resolution now reads: '6 That George I-I. 
Giddings be paid for services on route 8076.'5 The 
amendment that I vv'ill offer will make it read: 
" That George H. Giddings be paid for services on 
that portion of route 8076 which lies between El 
Paso and San Antonio, in Texas." That would 
leave out all this other matter. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment to the amendment. 
The amendment to the amendment w'Us rejected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
now is on the amendment offered by the Senator 
from New Hampshire to inscrt the words:- ' ' 'iot 
oxcecding in amount $70,000." 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. BRAGG. It seems to-me that, with that 
amendment, the resolution bears a contradiction 
upon its face. The joint resolution provides— 
That George II, Giddings be paid for services on route 
8026, in accordance with the order of Postmaster Generat 
A. V. Brown, of ()ptöljer 23, 1858, after deducti what- 
where there IS a motion madc to lay it on the Pennsylvania to the amendment of' the Senator ik ever has been received thereon up to June 90. 18611 
