1861. 
Mr. GREEN. -1, beg the Senator to allow me 
to postpone that bill for t'•.vo minutes. 
poned one minute to consider the resolution just 
passed, and it took an hour; and if it is now post- 
poned two minuteS for another subject, I suppose 
It will take hours. 
I would give way with great 
pleasure if I could do so, but really cannot. 
Mr. GREEN. I will state my purpose, and 
then the Senator will understand it. It is to take 
up two territorial bills and make them the special 
order for to-morrow at one o'clock. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly; I will yield to that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will 
be laid aside informally, by common consent, for 
that purpose. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Merely to refer the bills. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. not to refer. 
to make them the special order for to-morrow. 
I will not acrree to it. 
I hope the Senator will 
not give way to it. We have appropriation bills 
on the table that ought to be considered then. 
Mr. GREEN. I desire t08tate that the chair- 
man of the Committee on Territories, in the other 
House, told me it was important that we should 
pass these bills this week. We shall have no 
debate upon them. 
Mr. SEWARD. Make them the special order 
for to-morrow, at half past twelve o'clock. 
Mr. GREEN. very well; 1 agree. to that. It 
is after a conference with the chairman of the Tcr- 
ritorial Committee in the House that I make the 
motion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill now 
before the Senate will be laid aside by common 
consent. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 move to take up those bills, 
arid make them the special order for to-morrow, 
at half past twelve o'clock. 
Mr. SEWARD. That can be done by common 
consent. 
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 562) 
to provide a temporary government for the Ter- 
ritory•of Dakota. and to create the offce of sur- 
veyor genei•al therein, and the bill (S. No. 563) 
to orffanize the Territory of Nevada, were sev- 
erally taken up, and postponed to, and made the 
special order of the day for, to-morrow at half 
past twelve o'clock. 
TARIFF. 
The Senate, as in Committee of t.he "Whole, 
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 
338) to provide for the payment of outstanding 
Treasury notes, to authomze a loan, to fix the 
duties on imports, and for other purposes. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 hope we shall commence 
at the fifth section, and proceed with the amend- 
ments reported from the sclect committee. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. POLK in 
the chair.) That course will be pursued, if there 
be no objection. 
Mr. GREEN. I suggest to the Senator that 
this is a very important bill, and I do not want any 
private matter to interfere with it; but ask him 
to permit me 
Mr. SIMMONS. We are ready to go on with 
the bill, if the Senator is ready. 
Mr. GREEN. Of course Iwiil go on with it; 
but I ask him to permit a private bill to come up 
and pass for the relief of Haym Salomon. There 
If there is a discus- 
will be no discussion on it. 
sion, I will not press it. 
Mr. GRIMES. There will be. 
Mr. GREEN. well, if there be, 1 will 
not press it. Will there be any discussion ? 
Mr. WILSON. It will take a week-. 
Mr. GREEN. from Wisconsin [Mr. 
DüRKED] has charge of the bill; but if he will not 
! "] I wilt not urge it. 
press it, I will. 
rrhc PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary 
will read the first amendment to the fifth section 
of the tariff bill. 
The Secretary read it, in the second line of the 
fifth section, to strike out " October next" and 
so as to make the 
insert April, A. D. 1861," 
rates of duties fixed by the bill take effect from 
and after the 1st day of April, A. D. 1861." 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in line fifteen of the 
" not above number 
fifth section, to strike out 
twelve, Dutch standard, by claying, boiling, clar- 
so as to make the clause 
ifying, or other process;" 
read: "on '.vhite and clayed sugarS, when ad- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
vanced beyond the raw state and not yet refined, 
1 cent per pound." 
The next amendment was in the -seventeenth 
line of the fifth sec.tion, to insert c' and one fourth 
so as to make the duty on white and 
of one;" 
clayed sugars, advanced beyond the raw state and 
not refined, of I cent per pound. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in the fifth section, 
to strike out, in the classification of the duties on 
sugars, in lines seventeen, eighteen, and nineteen, 
these words: " advanced above number twelve, 
Dutch standard, and not yet refined, 1} cent per 
pound." 
Mr. WILSON. I hope that Dutch standard 
will not bc stricken out of the bill. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
ment is withdrawn. 
The next amendment was to strike out the 
following proviso, at the end of the fifth section: 
"Provided, That a)! syrups of sugar, -or of sugar cane, 
concentrated molasses, or concentrated inelado, entered 
under the dencnnination of molasses, or any other appella. 
tion than syrup of sugar or of' sugar canes concentrated mo- 
lasses, or concentrated melado, shall be liablc to forftiture 
to the United States : Provided, That an inspection, under 
such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may pre- 
scribe, shall be made of ali sugars and molasses imported 
from foreign countries, in order to prevent frauds, and the 
introduction of sugars, syrup of sugar, syrup of cane, con- 
centrated rnolasses, or concentrated mclado, or bottling 
syrup, under the title of molasses, or in any other manner." 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in line sixteen of the 
sixth section, to strikc out thc word and before 
nort., and ih- linc seventeen, to inscrt cham- 
pagne and sparkling wines, Burgundy , and hock ; 
so as to make the clause read: 
On Madeira, sherry, port wines, champagne, and spark- 
ling wines, Burgundy, and hock, in casks or bottles, sev- 
enty-five cents per gallon. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to inquire of my 
friend from Rhode Island, who has charge of this 
bill, whether there" is anything in that provision 
of this bill in conflict with our treaty with Por- 
tug-ai. 
Mr. BIGLER. The object of it is to obviate 
that diffculty. 
Mr. SIMMONS. It was precisely to obviate 
that objection to the original bill that this amend- 
ment was introduced. 
The amcndment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was to strike out in sec- 
tion six, lines eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty- 
one, and twenty-two, the followin& svords: 
On champaøne, and sparkling wines, nurgundy, and 
hock, in bottles, $1 per gallon, in casks, 50 cents per gallon ; 
on claret, Marsci\les, 'I'eneriflö, Sicily, Canary, and Malaga 
wines, in casks or bottles, 30 cents per gallon." 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in section six, line 
" three and onc third " 
twenty-three, to insert, 
" thirty;" so as to make the clause read: 
after 
On all other wincs not enumerated, 33} per centum ad 
calorem. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in line thirty-one of 
section six, to strikeout " six " and insert " one 
so as to make the proviso read : 
before " dozen;" 
Procidcdfu.Tthcr, That brandies or otller liquors 
:nay be ilnported in bottles. when the package shall contain 
not less than one dozen; aid all bottles shall pay a separate 
duty, 
'l'he amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment, was in section six, lines 
thirty-seven and thirty-eight, to insert, 
" three 
so as to make the 
and one third " after " thirty, 
clause r.ead: 
On all spirituous liquors not enumerated, 33} per centum 
ad ea,lorc7n. 
The amendment x.vas agreed to. 
The next amendment was in section six, line 
thirty-nine, to strike out " 50 cents per pound," 
and insert, valued at $5 or under per thousand, 
makes r in the agates? -is ithd. •preSenV:rate 
now fixed? Is this amendment calculated?toæ.ro- 
ican manufacturer, to some extent, in- 
the light cigars. On the' high-prided Havana 
cigars, we put a high duty; for the pürpqée of 
putting tax upon luxuries. In -relatiön to the 
cheap cigars, thé German cigars; it •was a 
measure to protect American 'manufacturers; for 
they are made of American.tobacco. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1: desire sen- 
ator from Vermont if I correctly understahd?him 
that-he regards cigars as L have 
come to regard them as a necessary of life. [Laugh- 
ter 
r. COLLAMER. We tax them on that 
ground. 
The amendment- was agreed-to. 
The next amendment wa•s, ip section seven. to 
strike out " six" and insert •'6 seven;" in line six, 
to strike out " one inch and a half," in, seven, 
and insert two, inches;" 
to strike ;oüt five 
eights Of one," in line eight, and insert*' one half 
an;" to strike out 's three," in line nine, and in- 
sert " four;" to strike out," five eighths of one," 
in line ten, and insert " one half an:" to strike 
out three," in line eleven, and insert four;" 
go*ls to make the section read: 
SEC. 7. and be it further enacted,_ That from and after 
the day and year aforesaid, there sliail be levied, collected, 
and paid, on the importation of the articles liéieinafter men- 
tioned, the following duti-os, that is to -säy: First, on bar 
iron, rolled or hammered, comprising flats, not less tmn 
one inch or morc than seven inche*-wide, nor less than one 
quarter of an inch or more than two inebes thick ; round8, 
not than one half an inch or moye than four incheSin 
diameter; and squares, not less than one half-an inch or 
more than four inches square, fifteen dollars per ton. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment •was, to insert in -fine fif- 
teen of the Seventh section: 
,nnd provided further, That- none of the above iron shall 
pay less rate of duty that 20 per centum ad valorem. 
The amendment •was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in .1ine twenty-tw•o 
of the sevcnth section, to insert " drawn and fin- 
ished;" 
so as to make the clause read: 
On iron wire, drawn and finished, not more. -than one 
fourth of one inch ih diameter, nor less than No .16 wire 
gauge, 75 cents per one hundred pounds, and15 per eöntum 
ad vatorcm. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in line thirty-one, to 
insert before thc word " on," the words 'f on tire 
for locomotives, or parts thereof, and;" so as to 
make the clause read: 
On tire for locotnotives, or parts thereof, and on all other 
descriptions of rollcd or hammered iron, not otherwise 
provided tör, $20 per ton. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The riext amendment was in •line forty-eight, to 
insert after the word thereof," the words and 
anvils;" so as to make the clause read: 
On iron cables or chains, or parts thereof, and anvils 
81 25 per one hundred poundk. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to suggest an amend- 
ment in line forty-five of that section, to strike 
out the words " for nails, nuts, and horse-shoes;" 
so that it will be simply for slit rods, without 
stating tho object for which they are to be used. 
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to the Senator 
from Rhode Island, before he passes upon that 
subject, that he has got two duties on anvils. 
in the fiftieth line of the 
The word anvils," 
amcndcd bill, ought to bo stricken out. 
introduced in the forty-eighth line, it ought to be 
stficken out in the fiftieth. 
Mr. BIGLER. That was intended to be in. 
cluded in the amendment. 
Mr. SIMMONS. we have not got down to 
that line yet. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on striking out the words mentioned by the 
Senator from Rhode Island, in linc forty-five, after 
20 cents per pound; over $5 and not over $10' the word " rods," 
to strike out the words for 
40 cents per pound; and over $10, 60 cents per 
so as to make it read: 
pound;" 
On cigars of all kinds, valued at $5 or under per thou- 
sand, 20 cents per pound; over $5 and not over $10, 40 cents 
per pound; and over $f0, 60 cents per pound; and in addi- 
tion thereto 10 per centunl ad valorem. 
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquirc of some 
member of the committee what difference this 
nails, nuts, and horse shoes; V so that it will read: 
Fourth. On band and hoop iron, and slit rods, not Other- 
wise provided fbr, $20 per ton. 
The amendment was agpeed to, 
Mr. SIMMONS. I move, in the forty-ninth 
and fiftieth lines, to strike out the words and 
anvils. They have been provided for above. 
