924 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 15, 
*Mr. •BIGLER. I was about to make the same 
motion. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in line fifty-two of 
section seven, to insert the word and" after 
screws;" so as to read: 
Oh bed screws and wrought hinges, 1} cent per pound. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The- next amendment was in. lines sixty-six 
and sixty-seven of2the- seventh section, to strike 
out " $1 25 cents per hundred pounds, ' 'and insert 
'Sand on- wrought iron nuts and washers, ready 
. punched, $25 per. ton;' so as make the item 
read, 
On wrought iron railroad chairs, and on wrought iron 
•nuts and wishers, ready punched, $25 per ton. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in that portion of the 
seventh section relating to the duties on steel. The 
section, as it originally stood in that respect, was 
as foll-&ivs: 
On all steel in ingots, bars, sheets, or wire, not less than 
one fourth'of one inch in diamcter, valued at 7 cents pcr 
pound, or less, cent per pound ; valued at above 7 cents 
per pound, and not above 11 cents per pound, 2 cents per 
pound ; and valued at above 11 cents per pound, 2å cents 
per pound: Provided, That no steel in any forzn shall pay 
a duty of less than 20 per centum ad oglorem. 
The amendment '•.vas to strike out all after 2 
cents per pound," and insert "-steel in any form, 
not otherwise -provided for, shall pay a duty of 
20 Pér centum ad 'balor.em. 
The amendment was agreed. to. 
Mr.- HUNTER. The. Secretary -has passed 
over: an. amendment in linc .eighty-four, to strike 
out the words " two inches and" in the clause 
relating to screws. 
Mr. SIMMONS. That a mistake. There 
was no amendment proposed to that clause. 
Those words should not have becn put in italics. 
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 wish to make an ex- 
If I were to re- 
plaoation in regard to my vote. 
main here, I should vote a•ainst this tariff bill; 
but I have acrreed to pair off with the Senator from 
New Jersey, [Mr. THOMSON] who is in favor or 
the bill. 
The next amendment was in line one hundred 
and four of the seventh section, to insert: 
On cross-cut saws 8 cents per lineal foot. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment of the select committee 
was in section nine, line seventeen, to strike ont 
of seven and a half pounds," after the word 
gallon" in the following item: 
On linseed, flaxseed, hempseed2 and rapeseed oil, •16 
cents per gallon of seven and a half pounds. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next was in the tenth section, to strike out 
'c on rice or paddy, 50 cents per hundred pounds, " 
and in lieu of these words to insert: 
On cleaned rice, 1 cent per pouncl ; on unclcaned rice or 
paddy, 50 cents per hundred pounds. 
The amendment. was agreed to. 
The next, amendment was in line six of the 
eleventh section, to strike out " two" and insert 
so as to make the duty on cloves 4 cents 
per pound. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next was in the thirteenth line of the elev- 
two," and insert 
enth section, to strike out 
so as to make the duty on figs 3 cents 
„ threc;" 
per pound. 
The amendrnent was agreed to. 
The next x,vas to insert Brussels carpet, 
wrought by the Jacquard machine," in the sixth 
line of section thirteen; so as to make the section 
read : 
SEC. 13. and be it further enacted, That from and after 
the day and year afOresaid there shall be levied, collected, 
and paid, on the irnportation of the articles hereinafter i 
ment.ioned, the following duties, that ie to say : First, on 
Wilton, Saxony, and Aubusson patent velvet, Tournay 
velvet, and tapestry velvet carpets and carpetiug„ Brussels 
carpets wrought b)' the Jacquard InaciEine, and all meddl- 
lion or whole carpet.s, valued at .31 25 or under per square 
yard, 40 cents per square yard ; 
valued at over $1 25 per 
squarc yara, 50 cents per square yard. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
That is to Cover thc very costly carpets that 
cost $4 or $5 a square yard. 
Mr. SEWARD, Will that include rugs? 
Mr. SIMMONS. No; only.the above specified 
carpets. 
Mr. SEWARD. Why should it not include 
ru s also? 
k/lr. SIMMONS. I am perfectly willing to have 
( it in if the rugs are of that costly -description. 
Mr. SEWARD. The rugs want protection 
more than the other. 
Mr. SIMMONS. It is necessary to put in my 
amendment hcrc; and if you want an amendment 
for other goods, you can do it when you come to 
them. 
Mr. SEWARD. Why not add "or rugs " 
Mr. SIMMONS. Very well. Put in " no car- 
pets or rugs. " 
The Secretary read the amendment as modified , 
to insert after the word " yard," in .1ine eleven, 
of section thirteen: 
Provided, That no carpets or rugs of the above descrip- 
tion shall pay a duty of less than 2.5 per centum ad pato- 
rem. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment of the select committee 
was in line twelve of section thirteen, after the 
word " carpeting, " to insert, " printed on the warp 
orotherwise;" so as to make the clause read: 
On Brussels and tapestry, Brussels carpet and carpeting, 
printed on the warp or otherwise, 30 cents per square yard. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next was in line thirty-five of section thir- 
teen , to strikeout " sixteen "and insert" twelve. " 
Mr. SIMMONS. 
Mr. BIGLER. I-would suggest to the Seriator 
from Rhode Island, as there are several changes 
in this section from 16 to 12 cents, we take one 
vote on all those amendments. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I was going to propose an 
amendment to this whole complication about 
square yards, at the suggestion of the Chamber 
ot Commerce of the city of New York, which I 
I move to strike out all after 
agreed to accept. 
the word " second," in the twenty-sixth line of 
the thirteenth section, down to the words " ad 
tal,oreln," in the sixty-third line, covering about 
two pages of the bill— 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 should be glad ifthe Sen- 
ator would raise his voice a little. We cannot 
hear him l)ere. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I will raise it as loud as 1 
I say that, in order to avoid the complica- 
can. 
tions of this square yard measurement, and so 
many schedules as there are now in this section 
about woolen goods, at the suggestion of a com- 
mittee from the New York Chamber of Com- 
merce, I have agreed to make this amendment: 
I propose to strike out from the word " second," 
in the twenty-sixth line of the thirteenth section, 
to " ad tatorem, " in the sixty-third line; and also 
to strike out after " ad valorcm," in the ninety- 
fourth linc, to the word " third," in thc ninety- 
eighth line; and in lieu of the matter thus stricken 
out, to insert: 
On woolen cloths, woolen shawls, and a!! manufactures 
of wool of every description, made wholly oc in part of 
wool, not otherwise provided for, a duty of 12 cents per 
pound, and in addition thereto 25 centum ad valorem. 
endless bales för papgt. and blanketing for printing 
rnachines, 2.5 per centulll ad nalorcm. 
The portions of the thirteenth section proposed 
to bc stricken out are from fine twenty-six to line 
sixty-three, as ft)llows: 
On all wooien cloths, or cloths of which wool shall bc 
the chict• component material, fullcd or milled, kerseys and 
plains, valued at 23 cents per square yard and under, a dnty 
of 20 per centum ad ; on all cloths, casshneres, ker- 
seys, buckskins. doeskins, 'nixed sackings, pelisse cloths, 
habit cloths, ladies' eloakings, fancies, twccds. plains, and 
fOlts, or goods of a similar cbaracter. valued at 25 cents and 
not exceeding 75 cents per square yard, a dnty 01' 16 cents 
per pound, and in addition thereto 20 per centum ad 'Balo- 
rem: Provided, That all goods or cloths of the fOregoinø 
description, weighing not tnorc than ten ounces per square 
yard, shall pay a-duty of 16 cents per pound, and in add ition 
thereto 25 per centtnn ad ; valued at over 75 cents 
per square yard, a duty of 16 cents per pound, and in addi- 
tion thcret025 per centtun ad •valorem; on all beaver cloths, 
Dutfil cloths. pilot cloths, petershams, {Olt cloths, or similar 
cloths, suitable for overcoats or blankets, and valued at $1 or 
less per square yard, a duty of 16 cents per pound, and in 
square yard, a duty of 16 •cents per pound, and in addition 
thereto 15 per centum ad •valorem; above $1 and not above 
$2 per square yard, 16 cents per pound, -and in addition 
thereto 20 per centum ad eal,örem; valued above per 
square yard, a duty of 16 cents per pound, and in addition 
•thereto 25 per centutn ad vatotrcm. 
And also from lines ninety-four to ninety-eight, 
in the followirp words: 
On woolen shawls, or shawls of which wool -shall-be the 
chief component material, a duty of 16 cents per pound, 
and in addition thereto, 20 per centmn ad valorem. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment of the select committee 
was, in section thirteen, line sixty-nine, to strike 
out " or," " and not;" and after the 
to insert " one dollar;" 
and to 
word " over," 
strike out " sixteen," and insert " twelve;" 
so as 
to make the clause' read: 
On woolen and worsted yarn, valued at 50-cents and not 
over $1 per pound, 12 ceiKs per pound, and in addition 
thereto 15 per contum ad valorem. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was, after the clause last 
amended, to insert in section thirteen, line sev- 
enty-one : 
On woolcn and worsted yarn, valued at over $1 per pound, 
12 cents per pound, and in addition thereto 25 per centum 
ad valorem. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The- next was, in line eighty-one of section 
thirteen, to strike out 
" sixteen," 
and insert 
so as to make the clause read: 
On clothing, ready made, and wearing apparel of- every 
description, composed wholly or in part of wool, made up 
or manufactured wholly or in part by the tailor, •searnstress, 
or manufacturer, 12 cents per pound, and in addition there- 
to 25 per centum ad calorem. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next was, in line eighty-five of section 
thirteen, to strike out " 10 cents each," and in- 
sert " 6 cents per pound, and in addition thereto 
10 per centum ad valoretn," as the duty on blank- 
ets valued at not over 75 cents each, and of di- 
mensions not less than seventy-two by fifty-two 
inches. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Now 1 want to offer an 
amendment to cover all this blanket business. 
1 
have got information from the same comrnittee 
that these blankets are all purchased by the pound 
weight, instead of by the square yard; and I have 
drawn up an amendment to suit them. I move 
to strike out all after the word " valorem," in line 
eighty-two of page 21, to the word in," in line 
ninety-four, and insert, in lieu of the vv'ords 
stricken out: 
On blankets of all kinds, made wholly or in patt of wool, 
valued at not exceeding 28 cents per pound, thcre shall be 
charged a duty of 6 cents per pound, and in addition thereto, 
10 per centum ad vatore•m. On ali valued above 28 cents 
per pound and not exceeding40 cents per pound, there shall 
be charged a duty of 6 cents per pound, and in addition 
thereto 25 per centum ad •uaiorcm. On all valued above 40 
cents per ppund, there shali be charged a duty of 12 cents 
per pounds and ilk addition thereto 20 per centu:n ad valo- 
rem. 
I 'will briefly explain what the intention of this 
is. There are tv.,ro classes of these blankets—one 
made from coarse wool, thatcosts 3 cents a pound. 
We put them at 6 cents a pound; and when we 
get to the finer blankets, costing over 40 cents a 
pound, we make them pay a duty of 12 cents. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The words stricken out of the bill by this 
amendinent are: 
()n l)lankets valued at not over 75 cents each, and of 
the dijneusions not less than seventy-two by fifty-two 
. inches, duty of 10 eent* each; on all other blankets 
colnprising VVitney, Rose, Bath, Duliil, point, cradle, crib, 
Mackinaw, and horse blankets, cmnposed wholly or in part 
o? wool, and not cxcccding in value the sum of $2 each, 16 
cent* per pound, and in addition thereto 15 per centtnn ad 
ralorem; valued at over $2 each, 16 cents per pound, and 
in addition thereto 20 per centum ad valorem. 
The next amendment of the select committee 
was in section thirteen, line one hundred, after the 
word wool," 
to insert " gray or uncolored;" 
after and" to insert " on;" and after " all," to 
insert other"' 
so as to make the clause read: 
On all delaines, cashmere delaines, muslin delaines, 
I barege delaines. composed wholly or in part of wool, gray 
or uncolored, and on all other gray and uncolored goods of 
similar description, 25 per centum ad oatorem. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next was in the same section, line one hun- 
Mr. SIMMONS. I Dropose, after the words addition thereto 15 per centutn ad valorem; valued above 
square yard," in the cleventh line, to insert this Sl and not above $2 persquare yard, of 16 cents.per dred and two, after the word " all," 
to insert 
pound, and in addition thereto 20 per centum ad valorem; 
stained, colored, or printed, and on all other;" 
proviso: 
valued above $2 pcr square yard, a duty of 16 cents per 
so as to rnake the clause read: 
Provided, no carpets shali pay a less duty than pound, and in addition thereto 25 per ceat'.un ad calorem; 
25 pcr centu:n ud vatorem.. 
on ail broadcloths, twilled or plain, valued at or less per J . And on all staincd, colored, or printed, and on all other 
