1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
927 
erto, I will read the provision in the act of 1842, 
in reference to glass; and the Senator will see hovy' 
much the duties were there put up in consequence 
of the increase of the size merely: 
On cylinder or broad window glass, not exceeding eight 
by ten inches, 2 cents per square foot; above that, and not 
above that, and not Qxceeding fourteen by ten inches, 
cents per square foot." 
Now, S,ve agreed at first to put cent on glass 
ten by fifteen inches—bigger than that which paid 
cents a square foot under the act of 1842; but 
when I came to look at the valuation I had in 
another bill, I x,vas satisfied there never was a 
tariff which, if it was fairly administered, put so 
low a rate of duty on glass as this. 
Mr. G WIN. The greatest failure of a tariff 
that ever was enacted in this country, was the 
tariff of 1842. It was a tariff that very soon 
brou&ht the Government to such a condition that 
it haä to be modified; and Congress substituted 
for it a tariff the most eminently successful that 
we ever had ; and that was the tariff of 1846, which 
I am sorry was changed. The duties under the 
tariff of 1842 would be prohibitory now. The 
specific duty exacted under that tariff on many 
articles would be now absolutely prohibitory. 
My only object in the amendment I propose, is to 
bring revenue into the 'Treasury. I have offered 
precisely the very amendment that the Senator 
from Rhode Island himself offered in the select 
committee, in the very same words; I have not 
changed it a particle. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Have 1 not said half a dozen 
times that I was mistaken in that? did it at 
the suggestion of the Senator from California. I 
hold myself at liberty, when I make a mistake, 
to correct it. I have stated that three or four times. 
Mr. G WIN. I have never heard the Senator 
say it beiöre. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I have said it three or four 
tillies. 
Mr. GWIN. Then how did the bill happen 
to be reported in u different manner from that in 
which the select committee acyreed to it? 
Mr. SIMMONS. In a subsequent meeting of 
the committee, we changed this duty to cent a 
pound. 
Mr. G WIN. I never heard of such a meeting. 
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator was notified 
every time the committee met; and whenever we 
wanted a vote, I had to go into another commit- 
tee-room to get him. 
Mr. G WIN. No such notification was ever 
given me of any subsequent meeting when that 
x,vas changed. never knew anything of it until 
it wag brought to my notice by a gentleman in 
New York, who informed me that the nmend- 
ment agreed upon in committee had been changed 
in the bill as printed. 
Mr. SIMMONS. It was changed by the com- 
mittee. 
Mr. BIGLER. It was. I ask the Senator from 
California if he says the committee agreed upon 
cent, with the facts before them? 
Mr. (hVIN. I do not pretend to say that we 
had agreed upon it in committee with all the facts 
ufactories in the United States; and I think there 
are not many more manufactories in -the Unitcd 
States than that number. All that will come of 
this will be, that we shall get. cheaper glass and 
more revenue; we shall bring the glass-makers of 
Belgium, of France, and of Siberia, into competi- 
tion with the French and the English; and per- 
haps do a little something towards lifting up our 
own manufacturers in the competition. 
Mr. G WIN. I ask that the amendment be 
read just exactly as it is, go that- we may under- 
stand it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary 
will again read the amendment of the Senatorfr.om 
Rhode Island to the seventeenth section. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
page 27, line eight, after the word exceeding," strike 
out twelve" and insert sixteen and strike out eigh- 
teen" and insert t.wenty-four and in line nine, after the 
word inches," strike out two" and insert one and a 
half;" so as to make the clause read: 
Above that, and not exceeding sixteen by twenty-four 
inches, cent per square toot. 
Mr. G WIN. I have no objection to that. 
thought the amendment was In the item above 
that, fo raise the duty from to I cent a square 
foot. 
Mr. SIMMONS. That is it. 
Mr. BIGLER. The question pending, I think, 
is on the motion of the Senator from Rhode Isl- 
and, to strikeout cent* and insert I cent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That 
ment was agreed to. 
Mr. GWIN. No, sir; that was the one I op- 
posed. 1 have no recollection, at. least, of its being 
agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. F00T.) 
The recollection of the Chair is confirmed by the 
Secretary. r I'he Chair's recollection is distinct 
upon it. Any Senator, however, can have the 
question raised again by moving a reconsidera- 
tlon. The question now is on the amendment of 
the Senator from Rhode Island, which has just 
been read. 
Mr. G WIN. I hope the amendment, raising 
the duty from ccnt to I cent, will be reconsid- 
ered. That is the very amendment I am oppos- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeasand 
nays have been called for and ordered on the 
amendment which has just been read. 
Mr. HUNTER. Asi understand it,theamend 
ment which has just been read reduces the duty 
imposed in the original bill. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly it does. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 am in favor of that. 
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from California 
will not vote against that. WI-iat he wants to do, 
is to get a chance to try his amendment; and I 
think we ought to reconsider the vote that has 
been given, in order to enable him to move that 
as an amendment to the amendment of the com- 
midee. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amcnd- 
ment of the Senator from California cannot be 
reached until all the amendments that shall be of- 
fercd to modify the seventeenth section shall be 
disposed of, as the amendment of the Senator 
before us. Not knowing •hat effect it would 
from California is to strike out the seventeenth 
have, I consulted the parties themsel ves, and they 
said that it was satisfactory; that though the rate 
proposed was much higher than the present one, 
they were willing to pay it, but the rate in the 
original bill was prohibitory. 
Mr. BIGLER. I have no doubt that this is 
below the average rate. It is less than 20 per cent. 
My calculation is, that it is about 18 per cent. It 
is less than the averacre rate of ad duties. 
Mr. GWIN. Those who deal in the article II 
say it is a prohibitory duty. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. F00T.) 
The question is on the amendment offered by the 
Senator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. (H'VIN. I ask for the yeas and nays, to 
gee whether this is to go by default or not. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 hope this amendment will 
be accepted. I have listened with very great in- 
terest to the debate; and I am satisfied that, when 
the subject shall have been arranged as is pro- 
posed by the Senator from Rhode Island, there 
will be no effectual prohibition of the manufacture 
I believe I have been in 
of any kind of glass. 
manufacturing establishments of glass—in a siri- 
gle manufactorv in England—in which rnore glass 
manufactured than in any twenty or thirty man- 
section and insert other matter. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 ask, will it be in order, 
we have agreed to these amendments, then to 
strike out the section, and insert the amendment 
of the Senator from Culifornia? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it will 
be in order, and not till thcn. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 withdraw the call for the yeas 
and nays, for T am in favor of this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common 
consent, the order for thc ycas and nays will be 
recalled. The Chair hears no objection. The 
question is on the amendment which has been 
read. 
Mr. POLK. As this bill stands before us, and 
as I understand it, the bill, as printed, contains 
ari amendment proposed by the select committee, 
which is, to insert three quarters of" before 
one cent.' 
Mr. SIMMONS. That has been passed upon, 
The three quarters were stricken out, a'nd it now 
stands at 1 cent a pound. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment of the committee, was in 
line eleven of the seventeenth section, to strikc 
so as to make 
three," and insert 
out 
the duty on rough plate; broad win- 
dow glass over sixteen •by 'twenty;föutäbehes', 
and not 6xceeding twenty-foui' by. thirtyinches•, 
2 cents per square foot. 
The amendment was agreed •to. 
The. next was in linc eleven of the seventeenth 
section, to strike outg four; and insert:-t G'•and• not 
exceeding in weight onepOüfid-per- squaÉe, foot' 
three;" 
so as to make the düty on tough 
cylinder, or broad window glass abovetwéhty- 
four- by thirty inches, and notexceeding in weight 
one pound per square foot, 3:cents pet square foot. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next was in line sixteen of the seventeenth 
section, to insert " rough plate" before" Cylin- 
der,-" 
and to strike out " plate, roågh plate, 
crown, after: Cylinder;" and in line mneteen' to 
stfike out at •the' Same rates ad herein imposed," 
and insert of 9 cents pet pound." 
Mr. SIMMONS. The lattér branch of th*t 
amendment should be votéd döwn, and let. it go: 
over these different sizes precisely? in proportiön 
to the duties on them. We- do not Wantto stil'ke 
out that clausé. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ' Will the serf- 
ator indicate What he want* Stricken out? 
Mr. SIMMONS. It iS all except 
the last item, which ought not to; be stnoken oub 
It should read: That all rough' plate; cylinder, 
or broad glass weighing over one hundréd pounds 
per one hundred square feet, shall pay an addi'- 
i tional duty on the excess at the same rates as 
herein imposed." 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Rhode Island proposes, as -the Chair under- 
stands him, that the portion of thé -o*iginal bill 
which this amendment of the committee proposes 
to strike out, shall stand. 
Mr. SEWARD. like to hear it read. 
I want to know it will stand. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 will read it. The 
ion should read thus: " Thatal} rough plate, cyl- 
inder, or broad glass weighing over one hundred 
pounds per one hundred square feet, shall pay an 
additional duty on the excess at the same rates 
as herein imposed." 
I want those words to stand, and to strike out 
" 3 cents pcr pound," which the conimittee prou 
posed to msert; so that this glass will . pass ac- 
cording to the differentsizes by beingdouble thick, 
as they call it. 
Mr. SEWARD. That is right. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode 
Island to the amendment of the committee. 
The amendment to the amendment was agreed 
to; and the amendment as amended was 
The next amendment of the committee was. to 
insert in section seventeen, line twenty: 
On crown, prate, or polished, and on :all other window 
glass not exceeding ten by fifteen inches, cent per square. 
foot; above that, and not exceeding sixteen twenty-lour 
inches, 2;} cents per square foot; 'Aböve that, and- not ex- 
ceeding twenty-löur by thirty inches, 4 cents per square 
foot; all above. that, 5 cents per square foot; Provided, that 
all erown, plate, or polished, and all othcr window glass 
weighing over one hundred and fifty pounds per one hun- 
dred square feet, shall pay an additional duty on such ex- 
of 4 cents per pound. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. G WIN. Is it time for my amendment 
now ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate 
having passed through the amendments offered to 
the seventeenth section, the question wili now be 
on the amendment of the Senator from California, 
to strike out the whole section as modified, and 
to insert what he has forwarded to the Secretary 
and had read. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 should like to have it read 
again. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The matter 
proposed to be inserted wili be vain read. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
That frorn and after f.he day and year aforesaid, there shall 
be levied, collected, and paid, on the importation Of the 
articles hereinafter Inentioned, the fOli0Wing dütleS,-that is 
to say: first, -on rough plate. cylinder, qr broad •window 
glass, not exceeding ten by fifieen inches,} cent per square 
toot; above that, and not exceeding sixteen by twenty- 
four inches, cent per square foot; above that, and not ex- 
ceeding twenty-I-bur by thiÉty inéheg, 2 cents pet' square 
foot; all above that, 3 cents per square foot. On crown, 
plate, or polished, and all other window gtass, not exceed- 
that. and not exceeding -sixteen by twenty-four inches, 
cents per square foot; above that, and notexceeding twen- 
