928 
me. VVhy, sir, when I went before the commit- II was in the committee. I do not propose to strike 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 15, 
tytfour by thirty inches, 4 cents per« square foot; ail above 
that. 5 cents per foot ; Provided, That,all glass imported in 
sheets or tables, without reference to size or form, shall 
pay •the highest duty herein imposed : and prot,'ided further, 
That ail rough plate, cylinder, or broad glass, weighing over 
one hundred pounds per one hundred square feet, shall pay 
an additional duty on the excess at the same rate* as Iferein 
impösed and ail Orown, plate, or polished, and all other 
window- glass weighing Over one• hundred pounds per one 
hundred square feet, shall pay an additional duty propor- 
to that herein provided for glass of that weight. 
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask if the con- 
Bideration like that at this time 
is nota departure fi•om the-practice of the. Senate? 
I tho'ught it wag oqp rule to go through with all 
the- amendments.of the committee before we took 
up amendments propösed by individual Senators. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
state that this-is simply an amendment to an 
amendment offered by the committee, and is in 
order in pu'rsuance of the practice. 
Mr. SUMNER. As 1 understand it, it is a 
proposition to strike out a whole section. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes; and to 
insert other m*atter. 
IVIr. SUMNER. 1 submit to the Chair that 
this is not an amendment to an amendment of the 
committee, but, it is an' amendment to the bill. 
Mr. BIGLER. The whole bill is before the 
Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit- 
tee moved a votiety of-amendments to the seven- 
teenth section; and it is now moved further to 
amend that sectiön by striking out the whole of 
it, and inserting what has been reåd•, and it is 
etrictiy in. order, and in pursuance of common 
practice. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 wish to make asingle 
inquiry. It is impossible that we should all be 
ablo to enter into the details of such a bill as this. 
I desire to know of my friend from Rhode Island, 
what rate of increase he has imposed upon the 
present tariff, and what rate ot percentage of 
diminution is proposed by the amendment of the 
Senator from California ? 
Mr. SIMMONS. i will answer the Senator 
from Kentucky. As I stated the other day, we 
intended that this bill should levy art averarre rate 
of duty of 20 por cent. , and we expected it to yield 
that on the whole importations. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Not by duties? 
Mr. SIMMONS. Some of it by preventing 
frauds; somc of it by raising the rates of duty. 
By these means we expected to bring the overture 
up from 15 to betsveen 19 and 20 per cent. , which 
would give the required revenue, in our judgment. 
Now, wish to say one word about this partic- 
ular arnendment . 
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to suggest that 
the Senator fi•orn Kentucky wanted to know how 
much it was pfoposed to increase the duties over 
the present. rate. That has not been answered. 
Mr. SIMLMONS. Does he mean on this par- 
glass ? 
Mr. COLLAMER. The whole bill, 1 
stood. 
M.r. CRITTENDEN. No, this section on 
glass. 
Mr. SIMMONS. In sorne cases it reduces the 
present duty, and in increases it; but I 
wish to cali the att.ont.ion of the Senator from Cal- 
ifornia to this fact, that bo is striking out a variety 
of articles here that he hag never read, and t.hat 
he leaves no provision what'ever for. The truth 
is, he has got a kink about him as to this little 
window glass, and he will strike out all thc rest 
of the tariff, to get in an alteration in the size of 
window glass. That is all he proposes. 
Mr. BIGLERV 1 will say to the Senator from 
Kentucky that I have in my hands a table which 
I have made out, in reference to the leading ar- 
tic}cs, which shows the rates charged in the tariff 
of 1842, the tariff of 1846, and the tariff of 1857, 
and those proposed in this bill. 
i have these 
tables in reference to alt the loading articles. 
to glass, under tile tarifF of 1842 the rate 
was from to 6 cents per square foot; under the 
tariff of .184G, 20 per cent. ; under the present law, 
the act d' 1857, the rate is 15 per cent. ; and under 
it will range from 18 to 20 per 
the proposed bill, 
cent. , as I: can estimate the ad calorenL 
rule. Our object was to make the dutiés of 1846 
the basis. 
Me. GWIN. The Senator from Rhode Island 
says that there is nonsense in the amendment that 
am not at surprised, for 
f have proposed. 
Igot it from him. (Laughter,] He drew every tion against the estimates that are brought for- 
line of it, or his clerk did; every solitary word in ward now, when the Same ratio was shown a 
my amendment. He is the man that handed me year ago, when depression was not spoken of? 
that as the action of the committee. He says that I The amendment that have proposed is pre- 
cisely what the committee agreed 
upon when I 
it was agreed to upon representations made by 
tee with the facts that I had, wishing this altera- 
tion, he had already altered the bill in that way, 
and read it to me, and asked if that did not an- 
swer the purpose. It asked him for. a copy, in 
order that'l might send it to those with whom I 
was in correspondence on the subject, to ascertain 
if it met their. views. He and the original author 
of the bill, Mr. MORRILL, had been together, as 
I understood, revising it, and he said to me, 
" Here are the amendments that I propose." 
" Well," said 1,. " give mc a copy; I am in favor 
of it anyhow, as it is a reduction; but, if itmeets 
the views of those whom I represent, the import- 
ing merchants of my State, then I shall be saved 
the necessity of moving amendments to it." 
was in favor of it, of course, in preference to the 
original bill. 
I got the very words from the Senator himself. 
He gave me a copy to send to my correspondents, , 
to ascertain if their views were met by the amend- 
ment—not that I proposed it. I had propositions I 
there; but I found the Senator with his bill pre- 
out one word that ought to remain in the section. 
If diere is Inore matter there than my amendment 
covers, of I do not propose to strike out 
1 have just precisely got the 
the whole section. 
words the Senator gave me, and I have, offered 
them because preferred them to the original bill. 
I do not want to mutilate the bill in any way 'What- 
ever. If it is nonsense, it is the Senator's fault, 
not mine. 
Mr. SIMMONS. One word in reply. I am not 
going to prolong this debate. The remark I made 
was, that the Senator had proposed to strike out 
the whole section. So I understood the Chair to 
state the question; and I understood him to move 
to strike out the seventeenth section and insert 
this instead of it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the 
questi on . 
Mr. SIMMONS. Then, 1 say, he out 
the duties on other wares, and if he had read the 
section through he would not have proposed it; 
and now he says he has put in just what I pro- 
pared much better than it was as it came from the il posed. I never proposed to strike out this sec- 
House of Representatives, and I accepted what he tion. We had an informal meeting with the gen- 
had done. r got them to write down the words; 
! tleman who reported this bill in the House o? 
I have them as written down; and that is precisely Representatives, and we enlarged these sizes; and 
the amendment which I have now proposed, and when the Senator from California came in there 
we had not passed upon them, I believe; but at 
nothing else. It is no amendment of mine; it is 
any rate, I intended to propose them to the com- 
his own. 
The Senator from Pennsylvania stated just now mittee when we had a formal meeting, and all were 
that the duties were at so low a rate that they present. 
I stated to him what that gentleman 
would not amount to 15 or 20 per cent. Here is [Mr. may as well call his name— 
an estimate of the duties; they tu•e 28, 53, and 62 
per cent. Here are the estimates made out: 
00 
Cost price. 
Present duty. 
Proposed duty. 
Per cent. ad 
calorcrn. 
Cost price. 
Present duty. 
Proposed duty. 
Per cent. ad 
t•alorcm. 
Cost price. 
Present duty. 
Proposed duty. 
Per cent. ad 
valoreqn. 
II 
0 
Mr. BIGLER. I do not take those estimates. 
Will t.he Smoator tell Ine- on what they are based? 
Mr. GWIN. They are made out by the 
Mr. BIGLER. They are madc on the present 
depressed prices, not on the averacre. 
Mr. G WIN. Did not the Senator ftom Vir- 
oinia read yesterday the estimates that were Inade 
a year ago, und those made now, with scarcely 
an alteration in the figures, except so fat as the 
amendments of the committee make the bill better 
had suggested, and he sent to a committee-room, 
somewhere, to get a clerk. I do not want it to be 
understood that I have had one since I havc been 
on this business. There are a good many smart 
ones about here, as I discover. [Laughter.] He 
got a clerk to copy this proposition before it had 
been formally acted upon. 
I believe we all said 
we should go for it; I intended to go for it; but 
when I carne to have the information which I 
ought to have ha(l before I suggested it, found 
that it was ruinous both to the revenue and the 
business of the country. It is not an adequate 
duty, at all. The duty that I have now got in 
the bill, of I cent a square foot, is the only one 
that has been altered from the printed bili; and 
, there are but two items in the Senator's amend- 
• rnent varying from mine. W lien we came to put 
this up, and see the difference in sizes, I was as- 
tonished at the form of the bili as presented in 
this new shape. On glass, sixteen by twenty- 
four inches, we have 00t the duty down to 
I kept. that there; and when we 
cent a foot. 
came, to the cent duty, we put it at 1 cerit. fl'he 
two species of glass w•ere double before, and we 
kept the rates double—one quality at cent, 
and the other at I} cent. This low duty is that 
which affects the coun.try on all glass fron'l ten to 
fifteen inches. I think it ought to be 1 cent. I 
do not think it is cent on the fair value. I 
could read papers—I have had u peck of sent 
—and going into the calculations, you would 
to mo 
not find one of the duties fixed in this bill, 
stated the other day, that was 20 per cent. on the 
fair market vaiue of the article. 
Mr. (HVIN. I am not going to detain the Sen- 
ate about this matter. The Senator now states 
the fact of the case; and that is, that I never pro- 
posed one amendment about glass. He said, 
awhile ago, that 1 had deceived him. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not say any such 
Mr. GWIN. That 1 had madc representations 
there, and that they changed the amendment be- 
cause they found out that Iny representations 
I have rnoved this amend:nent 
were not correct. 
precisely as it was handed to me in manuscript 
by the Senator and the original aut.hor of the bill. 
He read it to me when I went there, intending to 
, ask for these alterations; and I told him that it 
seemed to me that probably that met the case as 
than it was sent from the House of Representa- 
it was presented to mc, and I asked him 
tivcs? -Why does the Senator bring this objec- 
il copy. The Senator talks about rny clerk x-nakit'lg 
a copy. 'Ithe Senator from Pennsylvania stated 
* The last named sizes from five to ten pounds more i 
that he had a clerk to his committee, and i said 
than onc hundred pounds per one hundred which will 
I had one. I did not want the Senator from Rhode 
Encreos-e the duty fE0in 5 to 25 per cont. additional to 62 per 
Island to have the labor of copying these matters, 
cent. 
