THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D, C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
and the clerk of the Senator from Pennsylvania 
copied this and handed it to me under the cyc of 
the Senator from Rhode Island. I wanted to ascer- 
taimvhether the alteration which he and the ori- 
ginal author of the bill made, met the case. My 
correspondent said it did meet the case, though it 
was a larger duty than that now paid; but they 
were willing to pay it. The alteration now made 
is one that is injurious to the;revenue, and to their 
business, paying a large revenue to the Govern- 
want to restore the original action of 
ment. 
the committee. We all agreed to the first altera- 
tion; and the subsequent alteration I did not kl')0W 
of until my attention was called to it by those 
interested. 
My amendment is precisely in the words read 
by the Secretary; but there is a portion of the 
section that should remain. 
I take it for granted 
that the Senate is going to vote my amendment 
down, and therefore I should like to have it pre- 
cisely in the form 1 intended; and that is the form 
in which the Senator himself handed it to me, and 
I have never changed a single word in it.. It was 
not intended to mutilate the section at all. There 
is a certain portion of the section that should be 
retaified. 'That portion I wish to retain, and I 
wish to give symmetry to it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen- 
ator from California indicate the portion of the 
section he proposes to strike out? 
Mr. G W i N. move to strike out all of the 
seventeenth section down to the word " pound," 
in line twenty-riine, being all that relates to win- 
dow-glass, and to insert what I have sent to the 
Chair, which has been read twice. 
MI'. SIMMONS. I merely wish to make one 
explanation, as the Senator from California seems 
to speak a øreat. deal of this being in no y own 
handwriting. That does 110t happen to be so; 
but I would as liefit had been so as not; for if I 
had drawn it at a fu!l meeting of the committee, 
I should vote against it now. The Senator had 
some papers tha-t he wanted to call our attention 
to; and I called him up to the table and showed 
what the mover of this bill in the other House 
had suggested as an improvement of it, and he 
said he would take a copy of it and write to this 
I found, on exaniination into the sub- 
importer. 
ject, and I am not ashamed to tell it here, that we 
were entirely mistaken, and that the duties we 
proposed were entirely inadequate either for rev- 
I wanted them alt.ered, 
enue or for protection. 
and the committee did alter them on account of 
the mistake we had made; and now the Senator 
wants to have that provision in which I was mis- 
taken put into Chis bill in order to perfect it. 
Mr. GWIN. Who deceived the 
about it? I did not. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Nobody deceived mc. 1 did 
I was mis- 
not say that anybody deceived rne. 
taken. i did not have the inforznation I ought to 
havc had; and when I get it, I always calculate 
to correct a mistake. Now, the Senator wants to 
point his finger to me, and nwtke the Senate hold 
on to a mistake. That is the difference between 
US. 
Mr. CH•VIN called for the yeas and nays, and 
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted— 
ycas 14, nays 27; as follows: 
Bragg. Clingrnan, Gwin. Hemphill, 
VEAS—Messrs. 
Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Latham. Mason, 
Nicholson. L 
NAYS—IM essrs. -Anthony, Bigler, Chandler, 
Clark. Co\huner, Crittenden, Dixon, DQöittle, Douglas, 
Harlan, 
Durkee. Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grixnes 
Morrjll, Seward, Simmons, Sumner. Teu Eyck, 
Trutnbuil, Wade, IVilkiuson, and 'vVilson—07 
So the amernlment. was reiected. 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The Secretary 
will read the next amendment reported by the 
select committee. 
The Secretary read the next amendment of the 
committee, wh ich was in the nineteenth section, 
which imposes a duty of ten per centum on the 
articles enumerated in it, to strike out " bananas. 
The amendment was affreed to, 
should 
' Bronze powder " 
Mr. SIMMONS. 
59 
SA•TURDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1861. 
be sh•icken out of the nineteenth section; and I 
move that amendment. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment of the committee was to 
strike out of the nineteenth section caustic 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was to strike out of thc 
nineteenth section " diamonds, cameos, mosaics, 
gems, pearls, rubies, and other precious stones, 
imitations thereof, not set." 
The amendment was agreed to 
The next was in line forty-seven of the nine- 
teenth section, to strike out un " after "or," 
so as to make the item read: Grindstones, 
x,vrought or finished." 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in the nineteenth sec- 
tion, to strike out, in line seventy-eight, " pine- 
apples;" in line seventy-nine, " plantains;" and 
in line eighty-one, " pumpkins." 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in the twentieth sec- 
tion, imposing a duty of 20 per centum, to insert 
after the item, " leather, upper, of all kinds," the 
words " except tanned calf-skin, which shall pay 
pay 25 per centum ad 
The amendment was agrccd to. 
The next m.vas to strike out of the twentieth sec- 
tion the following items: 
Velvet, in the piece, composed wholly of cotton ; vcl- 
vet, in the piece, composed of cotton and silk, but of which 
cotton is the component material of chief value." 
The amendment was agreed to. 
'The next amendment was on page 38, after line 
one hundred and twenty-eight, to insert, asa new 
section, the followin«.• 
SEC. 21. and be it further enacted, That., fi•onl and after 
the day and year afoiesaid, there shall be levied, collected, 
and paid, on dimnonds, cameos, mosaics, gems, pearls, ru- 
bios, and other precious stones, "-'herk noi set, a duty o!' 5 
per centum ad calorem; on the sanie when set in gold. 
silver, or other mctal, and on imitations thereof, and {II 
other jewelry, 25 per centum ad calorem. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. As that is an additional 
tion proposing to lay a duty of 25 per cent. , I 
wish to add, at the end of it, the 
On hair-cloths and hair-seatings, and all other rnanuf'ac- 
tures of hair not other"' ise provided it)r, 25 per centilili ad 
tatorem. 
I shall move to strike out these things from a 
former part of the bill. 
Mr. BIGLER. This is merely a transfer from 
onc schedule to another. 
The ameridment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Now, 1 move to strike out 
of the forty-fourth line of the twentieth section, 
which we have passed, the followiw words: 
Hair cloth, hair seatings, and other manufactures of hair 
not otherwise provided for." 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 think the Senator from Rhode 
i Island passed over an amendment on page 32, 
which it was intended to make. That is in the 
10 per cent. schedule, and in it •he will find sad- 
dlery, coach, and harness hardware, common 
tinned, burnished, or Japanned." It was intended 
to transfer them to the 20 per cent. schedule. The 
duty is now 15 per cent. As the bill came ori- 
ginaily from the House, it reduced it to 10 per 
I propose to transfer that clause to the 
cent. 
ninety-sixth line, page 37, after the word cov- 
ered." The Senator will recollect that this is an 
amendment we agreed upon in committee. 
Mr. SIMMONS. That is right. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques- 
tion will be on striking out those words on page 
32, lines eighty-six and eighiy-scven. 
I The amendineut •was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
in 
now is on inserting after the word " covered,' 
the ninety-sixth line, page 37, the words " sad- 
dlery, coach, and harness hardware, cornmon 
tinned, burnished, or Japanned.' 
NEW SERIES.....NO. 59 
Mr. FOSTER. 1 to the Senator from 
Pennsylvania that the articles that alre stricken 
out from the place where he has stricken- them 
out, should go into the 30 per cent. schedule, or 
else those in the 30 per cent. schedule should cer- 
tainly be altered; for there are now ai•ticles in the 
30 per cent. schedule precisely like this. 
Mr. BIGLER. Oh, no; they are very different. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in section twenty- 
two, imposing a duty of 30 per cent. , to strike out 
the following: 
Cameos, real and imitation, and mosaics, real and im. 
itation, when set in gold, silver, or other metal," 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in the same section, 
to strike out from lines sixty-four and sixty-six 
inclusive, in the following words: 
Diamonds, gems, pearls, rubies, and other precious 
stones, and imitations of precious stones, when set in gold, 
silver, or other metal." 
The amendment vas agreed to 
The next amendment was in the same section, 
line ninety-two, to strike out the words: 
Jewelry, real or imitation." 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in section twenty- 
three, containing the free list, in line nineteen, 
after the word incorporated," to strike out the 
word and"; and after the word philosophical," 
to strike out the word " or;" and to insert after 
the word " literary" the words or religious;" so 
that the clause will read: 
All hooks, maps, charts, mathematical or nautical instru- 
rne.nts, philosophiéal apparatus, and all other articles what- 
evcr, irnported för thc use of the United States, all philo- 
sopliical apparatus, instruments, books, maps, and charts, 
statues, statuary, busts and casts of marble, bronze, ala- 
haster or plaster of' Paris; paintings and drawings, etchings, 
specimens of sculpture, cabinets of coins, medals, and gems, 
and ali collections of antiquities: Provided, The same be 
specially imported, in good fåith, tar the use of any society 
incorporated or established for philosophical, literary, or 
religious purposes, or established for the encouragement of 
the *fine, arts, or tor the use or by the order of any college, 
academy, school, or seminary of learning in tine United 
States. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in the same section, 
in the following clause: Barilla, and soda ash, 
not containing over 85 per centum of carbonate of 
' not containing 
t.o strike out the words 
soda, 
over 85 per centum of carbonate of soda. " 
Tl'he amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in the same section, 
line two hundred and fourteen, to insert the fol- 
lowinø: 
Staves for pipes, hogsheads, or other casks. 
The amendmcnt was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in the same section, 
line two hundred and eighteen, to strike out the 
words " sulphate of ammonia.' 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 desire, at the end of the 
two hundred and eleventh line, on page 24, to 
insert, " and silk cocoons and silk waste;" so as 
to make them free. The clause will then read: 
Silk, raw, or as reeled frmn the cocoon, not being dou- 
bled, twisted, or advanced in manufacture any way ; and 
silk cocoons and silk waste. 
The amendment was agreed to 
Mr. WILSON. Before we pass over that sec, 
tion, if the Senator from Rhode Island is willing, 
I should dike to propose a small amendment: to 
add, after line one hundred and seventy-fivc, on 
page 52, the words old type of American man- 
ufacture.' 
Mr. COLLAMER. How can they tell whether 
they are Americall manufacture or not ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Chair will 
suggest to the Senator from Massachusetts that 
the Senate proceed to -the consideration of the 
committee amendments, and modification of those 
E amendrnenls, before receiving amendments from 
individual Senators, according to the usual prac- 
tice. 
