930 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 15, 
Mr. MASON. I think it is high time to ad- 
journ. Oh, no ! I move that the Senate 
do now adjourn. 
Mr.FESSENDEN. lhopeweshallgo through 
the amendments of the committee. 
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on 
a division—ayes eleven; noes not counted. 
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, perhaps it may 
not be in order, but I hope the Senate will give 
its permission to order to be printed, that we 
may have it to-morrow, an amendment which I 
propose-to offer to this bill as a substitute for it. 
I ask that an order be made for its printing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no 
objection, the Chair will receive the motion of-the 
Senator from Oregon; and the question is on 
printing the proposed amendment which he of- 
The motion was agreed to 
The next amendment was to strike out the 
thirtieth section of the bill, which the Secretary 
proceeded to read. 
Mr. SEWARD. As we are reaching an im- 
portant question, and it is aver y late hour of the 
day, I move that the Senate adjourn. 
Mr. CAMERON. I shall ask for the yeas and 
na s. 
PRESI'DING OFFICER. This motion 
is not a debatable one. 
The motion *was not agreed to; there being on 
a division—ayes 12, noes 26. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary 
would realize if the term was only one month or 
Mr. BIGLER. If the Senator from New York 
ninety days. It is only a delay. The favor of 
desires to offer an amendment, he should offer it 
the Government, or the forbearance of the Gov- 
now; for, if the Senate strike out and insert, it is 
ernment, will increase the revenue by increasing 
not amendable, if the Senate agree to it in that 
the amount of importations. Therefore it is that 
form. 
I must stand on the amendment which I have 
Mr. SEWARD. Let the question first be taken 
proposed to insert two years in lieu of ninety 
on striking out; that will answer my purpose. 
da s. 
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator a division? 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir. 
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from 
Mr. BIGLER. He that. The only 
New York to the amendment. 
way is to erfect the text. 
Mr. SEWARD. I will move to amend the 
Mr. WILSON. Is it in order to move to amend 
that? 
amendment proposed by the committee in the thir- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not. 
ty-second line, page 59: by striking out ninety 
is an amendment to an amendment. It is now in 
days, and inserting in lieu thereof two years. 
the third degree, and cannot be amended. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suppose the Senator in- 
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, 1 to 
two years" wherever the words 
tends to insert " 
say a word in relation to this provision in the bill. 
6' ninety days" occur? 
If the amendment of the committee is adopted, 
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir. 
the constituency I represent will be greater suf- 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is a very important 
ferers than probably any other portion of this 
amendment, and upon it suppose we shali hear 
the views of Senators; but it is late in the day. I 
country; and for this reason: we are so far from 
the place of exportation that merchants there can 
am willing, if Senators desire it, that the other 
amendments from the committee be passed upon; 
never regulate, by any conceivable calculation, 
I but as this is an amendment which involves the 
the questions of supply and demand. Under the 
whole warehousing system, I suppose it will 
present warehousincr system, the merchant may 
lead to some discussion, and we shall hardly get 
i send on his bill for goods to Europe; he may get 
I thegoods; and when they arrive, if, in consequence 
through with it this evening; and therefore I rose 
of the plethoric state of the market, he is unable 
I suppose this will 
I to propose an adjournment. 
to sell, he has the privilege of putting them into 
not be pressed to a vote to-night. 
the warehouses, and can take them out, and pay 
I Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest to my 
duties on them according to demand. If you 
friend and to others that we are now within a 
compel the merchants of California to pay the 
a great deal of important matter to be acted upon— I duties at the expiration of ninety days, it wiil 
operate hard in both ways, If there is no de- 
mand for the goods, and there is no opportunity 
of exportation, then the merchant, of course, has 
to pay the duties, and lay out of his money, and 
have the goods on his hands. If he tries to reg- 
ulate, on the other hand, the question of supply 
and demand, directly we will find that there will 
not be a suffcient quantity of goods m market to 
suit the demands of the people; and the consumers 
themselves will be the sufferers; so that it is a 
will proceed with the reading of the amendment fortnight of the time of adjournment, and we have 
of the committee. 
Mr. LATHAM. I will suggest that the Clerk some of the appropriation bills and other import- 
ant bills; and if we are to adjourn while this sub- 
merely read the amendment of the committee, 
ject is under consideration, the moment a ques- 
and not the portion proposed to be stricken out. 
tion comes up that will lead to debate at half past 
The bill is before every Senator, and he can see 
four o'clock, we shall not finish business that 
it for himself 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading must be done at this session, and gentlemen may 
of the amendment, so fat as it proposes to strike II make up their minds to it. 
Mr. WILSON. I understand the Senator from 
out a certain section, will be dispensed with by 
New York has moved to amend the bill by strik- 
unanimous consent. 
ing out " ninety days," in the thirty-second line, 
Mr. HALE. want to hear it read. 
I doubt very much disadvantage to the merchants on one side of the 
and inserting " two years.' 
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike 
out all after the enacting clause of the thirtieth whether we had better touch this warehousinø . case, and to the consumer upon the other. 
system at all; but if we do, I think we ought to be Senators will recollect that it takes six months 
section. in the following words: 
very liberal in regard to it. The committee have for us to get goods from Bordeaux, Liverpool, 
and all goods, wares, or merchandise imported from any proposed ninety days. i am willing to agree to Havre, and other places of exportation; and it 
an amendment to this effect: to give one mstead i; takes from ninety days to four months to get 
foreion countries, and entered for warehousin«y, or depos- 
ited in tile public stores in consequence of the duties not of two years for paying the duties; and in regard goods comincr even from New York around the 
being paid, shall be so entered or deposited, subject to the 
I have no hesitation, therefore, in saying 
-to the time goods stay in the warehouse, to Horn. 
following conditions. to wit : That the saine shall be with- f 
drawn from the warehouse or public stores within thirty strike out six months and insert two years; so that, if this bill passes, compelling the merchants 
days fronl the time and date of the entry, for domestic con- that the duties would have to be paid in one year, to withdraw the goods in ninety days, or pay the 
sumptioo, and the duties thereon shall be duly paid in caeh and the goods might remain in the warehouse two duties, it will be of inconceivable injury to all the 
at the time of such withdrawal, or be thereafter prohibited 
from being withdrawn, except for the purpose of exporta- Y ears' and be reéxported if they chose after one trade, and all the commerce of California; and be 
'ion beyond tbe limits of the United States; and in nocase II year, and the duties be paid to them, less I per so oppressive, that there will be one general cry 
I think that from aH the merchants of that country for its im- 
sholl any goods, wares, or merchandise, as aforesaid, so cent. , as is proposed by this bill. 
imported and entered and deposited for warehousing, be II would be liberal enotvh. Hovzever, I shall vote mediate repeal. 
I trust that the friends of this 
entitled or permitted to be entered Cor domestic consump- to strike it all out, if it is necessary to do it. 
li measure will let the warehousing system stand as 
Mr. SEWARD. If i should succeed in get- 
it is—speaking, as I do, for those who, as I have 
time heretotöre mentionea: Proeided. rl'hat goods, wares. j, 
or merchandise which shall bave been withdrawn as afore: ting this amendment of the committee amended, stated, will be the greatest sufferers by any charve. 
said and which shall have been exported and lauded be- 
I shall still be against the amendment itself, and Mr. CAMERON. My rule in life is never to 
yond the jilliits of the United States, may be frotn thence 
in favor of retaining the warehousing system just 
If the Senator 
take advice from my opponents. 
duly reimported in the saine rnanner provided for in the ; i 
If I should fail in that, I will offer this from California intended to vote for this bill, I 
first instance: Provided also, 'I'hat this scetion Shail not as It is. 
apply to goods, wares, and merchandise imported from be- 
amendment to modify this provision as favorably might be inclined to listen to him; but be is going 
yond the Cape of Good Ilope or Cape Horn until the 1st of I} 
as possible. The whole value, the whole utility to oppose it, no matter what condition the bill 
Januarv, 1861: Provided further, 'llhat all acts or parts of 
may be in, and therefore I think all he says in 
acts relating to the subject-matter herein enlbraced, and Of the warehousincr system, consists in the priv- • 
inconsistent therewith, are hereby repealed." 
And to insert in lieu thereof: 
i' ilege of importin5 goods and storing them for a relation to the bill is wrong. Gentlemen on the 
considerable period of time, so that a merchant other side of the House are continually talking 
may take advantage of the condition of trade in against protection. This warehousing system is 
That on all ('0003, wares, and merchandise remaininaon 
deposit in warehouse or public stores on the 1st day of different parts of the country and different parts protection for the merchants, and especially for 
July, A. D. 1861, the dunes shall be paid within ninety of the world, and having his goods in store, may, the foreign merchants. I will make no speech on 
days thereafter, and on afl deposited after the said 1st day at any time within one, two, or three years, draw the subject now, but I will mention this simple 
of' July, the duties shall be paid within ninety days from 
the time of deposit. The said goods on which the duties them out on paying the duties to the Government, fact: that if the duty was paid to-day on the goöds 
It is no priv- now in bondin the different warehouses of the Uni- 
have been paid may be, at any time, withdrawn for con. and then send them into market. 
sumption, and tnay be taken out för exportation beyond ilege to be able to keep the goods in store when ted States, we should have in our Treasury about 
the limits of the United States, at any time within six 
the duties have been paid. Whenever the mer- $10,000,000. Those would relieve us 
months from the titne of the payment of duties thereon; ii 
from all trouble. We are now paying 12 or 14 
chant has paid his duties on the goods, he wants . 
to draw them out in order to sell. Therefore it i per cent. for the use of money which is justly due 
and, on being so exported, the dnties thereon shall be re- 
funded, deducting I per centutn ; but no duties shall be 
refunded on goods, wares, or merchandise withdrawn more 
— to us from these goods. Senators talk against 
is that I do not consider what is offered here 
Khan six Inonths alter the tinie the duties were 4id thereon. i 
ninety days—as any valuable extension of the giving protection to the manuthcturer and the la- 
iMr. SEWARD. Is the question on striking privilege of the occupation of the warehouse, and borer; but when we come to this protection to 
out or insertin•? 
that nothing else than 8 period of two years will 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. is a single be adequate to the objects has 
proposition to strike out and insert. The Chair in view. I can see but one objection to permit- 
ting these goods to remain, and the duties unpaid 
will further state that the original matter pro- 
posed to be stricken out is first open to amend- II for so long atime;fnd that is, that when this sys- 
ment, if any member desires to amend it; and 
also the matter to be inserted is open to modifi- 
cation . 
Mr. SEWARD. Let the question bé taken 
on striking out. 
Mr. HALE. It is not divisible. 
tem first comes into operation, there will not be a 
realization of the duties, so that the Treasury will 
lose the advantage of an immediate supply; but 
the bill goes into operation as a system, and after 
the expiration of one or two years, the Govern- 
ment realizes all the revenues from the bill that it 
the merchant, nothing is said about it. My im- 
pression is, that this thing is more to the advant- 
age of the owners of the warehouses in New York 
than it is to any Otlvr people. Certainly the 
legitimate merchants of New York, the men born, 
raised, and educated here, whose capital belongs 
to this country, have no benefit from it; but it 
the foreign merchant, or the agent of the foreign 
manufacturer, who is benefited by it. That is 
the whole history of the warehouses. 
Senators talk about other countries protecting 
