1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
039 
within the rules under which a court of chancery 
would •allow the application for a rehearing. 
EThe SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten- 
nessee will observe that on this cali he basa right 
to have his proposition considered, if it makes no 
appropriation. 
Mr. MAYNARD. It makes no appropriation. 
'Thé SPEAKER. Then it is in order. 
Mr. THOMAS. I understood that this was a 
mere call for réference. 
The SPEAKER. No; it is the regular call. 
Mr. THOMAS. Then I hope my colleague 
will give me an opportunity of being heard for a 
few minutes on thYs subject. 
Mr. MAYNARD. willingly yield the Aoor to 
my colleague to present his views. I do not want 
to take any advantage of him, or any other n•uetn- 
ber of the House; but 1 think that justice to this 
claimant requires the adoption of the resolution. 
Mr. THOMAS. had occasion, when I was 
a member of the Committee of Claims, some ten 
or twelve years ago, to spend some two weeks in 
the examination of tlus claim, and therefore am 
pretty familiar with the character of the case, 
although many of the facts Pare not now fresh in 
my memory. The case has undergone the ex- 
amination of comrnittee after committee, and Con- 
gress after Congress, and it has been uniformly, 
after full and el*orate investi«yation, rejected. It 
has also been before the Court of Claims, and 
there rejected. This claim has been hanging about 
the lobbies of the House of Representatives, to 
my own personal knowledge for twelve years, 
and from history nearly thirty years. After the 
parties had had over twenty years to prepare their 
case, it was thoroughly examined iii the House 
of Representatives, and was voted down by a very 
large majority It is now proposed, after the 
Court of ClQims has given the matter a careful 
examination, where both parties were represented 
by counsel, to -vefer it back 'o that court, and to 
ask the court to devote another week or month 
to its investigation. 
If my memory were clea 
me to state all the facts, I h e 
no douMhat this resolution would bev ted wn 
by more than two thirds majority. 
According to my recollection, Mr. Speaker, this 
claim originated for breadstuffs furnished to the 
Spanish nation during the war of 1812-14. It will 
be recollected that during that period the United 
States were at war with Great Britain, and that 
Great Britain was at war with France. Spain was 
the ally of our enemy, Great Britain. Mr. Meade, 
who was an American citizen, had gone to Spain 
soille years before, and had so far become a sub- 
ject of that Government that he was actually an 
omce-hölder in the city of Madrid. He was a I 
dealer in produce; and, as such, furnished the 
Spanish arrny with their breadstuffs during that 
war. When peace was restored, after the battle of 
Waterloo, this Mr. Meade had a settlernent with 
the King of Spain, which showed the Spanish 
Govermnent, to be in his debt to the amount of 
some $600,000, and an acknowledgment of that 
debt was duly executed. All this time the United 
States were ignorant that such a man as Meade I 
lived. The first in•formation that we had of him 
or his claim was when friendly relations were re- 
stored, and when our minister went to Madrid. 
Our ruinister there received a written communica- 
tion from Mr. Meade, who had quarreled with I 
the King of Spain, and had been irnprisoned. He 
applied to the American minister to have his rights 
adjusted. Our minister interfered so far as to have 
Mr. Meade released from prison. He was re- 
leased and returned to the United States. After I 
the treaty for the cession of Florida, Mr. Meade 
requested our Government to send an agent to the 
Court of Spain to get the evidence of the indebt- . 
edness of that kingdom to him, in order to lay ft 
before the commissioners, who were required to 
make a settlement of the money to be paid by our 
Government to Spain for the benefit of United i 
States claimants. Our Government, not feeling it I 
rrhe i 
I to the Court of Claims, where they hdd the beh- 
efit of counsel, and the benefit of thirty -years' ac- 
cumuiation of testimony , and it-was there rejected. 
am sorry, sir, that my colleague, for whom 
I entertain so high a regard, should be again at- 
tempting to embarrass this Government with a 
further investigation of this claim. I had n.o-idea 
that it was ever to come here again. I have stated 
the facts from recollection; but I believe that I 
have stated them accurately, at least in substance. 
am satisfied that it is a claim in regard to which 
this Government should not be furt'her troubled. 
I therefore, move to lay the resolution the table, 
unless my friend should desire to say something 
in regard to it. 
Mr. MAYNARD. My colleague will recol- 
lect that I have the floor, and that he only held it 
by my courtesy. Iam not surprised, Mr. Speaker, 
from the statement which my friend and colleague 
has made of what he supposes to be the facts in 
connection with the claim, that his mind should 
incline vainst it. 
I hold in my hand the opinion 
of the majority of the Court of Claims, and it is 
enough to say that they based their action on no 
such ground. will state in a few words what 
are the main, leading facts in the case, and which 
have induced the Committee of Claims to recom- 
mend the case to be referred back for a rehear- 
Ing. 
Richard W. Meade had, in his lifetime, a claim 
arising out of a contract, and out of personal in- 
jury, against the Government of Spain. Fl'hat 
claim was recognized by that Government, and 
by a board of commissioners was certified as a 
claim affainst the Government to an amount some- 
thing less than my colleague has 
thing over three hundred thousand dollars. Ti'hat 
was prior to the treaty of 1819 Wilh Spain. By 
the tcrms of that treaty, under which we acquired 
the now' recusant State of Florida, the United 
States undertook and assumed to pay all the 
claims which her own citizbns had against the 
Spanish Government, including, of course, this 
clai . 
After the ratification of that treaty, Congress 
appointed a board of commissioners to pass upon 
such claims as we had assumed by virtue of that 
treaty. Mr. Meade presented his claims us fall- 
ing within the terms of that treaty, and in support 
of it presented the certificate of the Spanish Gov- 
ernment, liquidatin(Y and adjusting it, and fixing 
the arnount. The commission recognized the 
claim as falling within the purview of the treaty, 
and liable to be satified by this Government, m 
pursuanceofit; butsuspended iton the ground that 
they would not admit it upon the certificate of the 
Spanish Government of its liquidation and adjust- 
ment, and required Mr. Meade to produce his 
original vouchers upon which the liquidation of 
the Spanish Government took place, and which 
were delivered up to the custody of that Govern- 
ment and distributed throngh its various depart- 
ments. This, .Mr. Meade was unable to do. He 
was not able to obtain them from the custody of 
the Spanish Government, and produce them be- 
fore the commission until the commission had ex- 
pired, under the act by which it was appointed. 
r I'he consequence was, that the claim was lost. It 
had been assumed by this Government, as be- 
tween the Spanish Government and the claimants. 
The commission had required evidence of the char- 
acter which I have rnentioned, and which it was 
Impossible for him to produce, pending the ex- 
istence of the commission; the result was, that 
the claim was not allowed. 
It is true that the claim came before Congress, 
and that it has been examined and passed on, by 
one House or the other, again and again. It went 
to the Court of Claims, and it was therc considered 
and was decided by the inaiority adversely, the 
minority of the court presenting at the same time 
in favor of the claim. The decision of the major- 
ity of the court was placed upon the ground that 
Mr. Meade, having once had a day in court, and 
having failed to establish his claim before the com- 
their duty, did not make the application. 
commissioners held their sessions for two years mission, in accordance with their requirements, 
had lost it by laches. 
in this city. They made their awards, and dis- 
'l*he Committee of Claims thought that, to say 
tributed the $5,000,000 pro rata among the claim- 
ants whodid present their claims. But Mr. Meade, the least, the rejection of the claim was made upon 
u p o nan 
that the G6Terimentdf.th•e 
claims .ofcitizens of' the United States:-agå'ingt 
the Government of Spain-.. 
said, was, .l-ostm before -the 
queneeof the requirement to which. i have. refii*ed'; 
The •Court. of, Claims •upöri'tbß 
technical ground -I have •named, the 
tee of Claims believed it was. but-justice, to-- 
claimant-that •he should have' 
other decision; upon :thé 
ticed upon in the courts, 
land , upon such a 
tate a moment to grant a rehearing; and:a -revision 
of his opinion once pronounced the 
claim. 
Mr. THOMAS. I desire to ask my colleague 
whether there has been -a'ny new 'testLmöny.Qdia• 
covered ih thé case Other- than ,bas -been béfdre 
Congress fO.r . ears 
Mr. MAYNARD. Not that of. 
M r. THOMAS'. Then I deéiFé to aske nylcol- 
league whether he understands it töUe:thérulddf 
any court in this country to:grant acrehéäi•ihg -i'ib 
such a case, when no new testimony -is alleged?-tö 
have been discoVéred ? 
Mr. MAYNARD. Undoubtedly. 
Mr. THOMAS. If no error is .alleged,' då'l 
understand a rehearing maj be gt•antéd the 
facts ? 
Mr. MAYNARD. I say .it is the evei•y'day 
practice to grant a rehearingwhen the}e is a-plau- 
Sible argument presented to the the court 
that it is possible that, in the first examintxti•on; the 
facts may have been misapprehehded. Ihave•many 
times known a judge to reverse his own deci9i•ot1 
upon such a state of facts. It iS an 'evéry'dåy 
practice. 
Mr. THOMAS. I wish to ask any friend-if he 
knows how often this case has beeh 'by 
Congress? I rcmcmber that it was once rejected 
upon the argumentof Silas Wright in the Senate. 
I remember that it Wits rejected in thisHouse once 
upon the argumentöf Joshua R. Giddiigs against 
it. I remember that it was', on another occasion, 
rejected upon the argument of a gentleman whose 
nåme I do not now call to mind.* I know that this 
case has undergone the thorough- inve.>tigationrof 
men of all sections and of' all parties. 11t has been 
rejected by the Court o? Claims after a full -ahd 
thorough investigåtion; and now, if my. friend 
from 'I'ennessee. dan present {iny fact X.vliioh Witl 
throw any additional light on the subject, I am 
willing that it shall again be considered, but not 
otherwise. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 have not examined the 
congressional history of this claim; but my im- 
pression is, that it has at various times received 
the favorable action of committees of both Houses 
of Congress. The Committee of Claims, how- 
ever, examined the case upon the •record presented 
by the Court of Claims, and they have reported 
thi* resolu tion in accordance with what'they con- 
sidered to be- well settled principles of legal piiae* 
I move the previous question upon the 
tice. 
I engrossment and third reading of the joint res- 
olution 
Mr. THOMAS. I move to Jay the resolution 
on the table. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 think there should be an 
I hope the resolution will be 
end of all things. 
laid on the table. 
IVI:•. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the 
gentleman from Tcnnessee allow me to ask him 
why he has inserted into the resolution the pro. 
vision that there is to be a rehearing upon the 
merits of the case? 
Mr. MAYNARD. I can assure the gentleman 
that those ".vords were not put there to cover up 
or conceal anything more than appears in the 
If there is any objection to that phrase, 
report. 
ology, I am perfectly willing that those words 
shall be stricken out. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 
the gentleman 's attention to the phraséology be• 
cause I knew that it has been generaliy construed 
to give the auditing offcers a sort of licentious 
discretion for any report they may make, 
Mr. MAYNARD. perhaps should have had 
very highly technical ground; because it will be read the report of the committee which accom- 
who did not apply for any portion of it, has since 
seen that, upon the investigation of the c}aim, the i panies the resolution. It will be seen by that 
come up and besieged Congress; and since his 
death, his representatives have been pressing the mcrits of it had not been inquired into. It wasa port that the committee expressly forbore to 
claim till it was rejected so overwhelmingly that case in which the obligation of Spain to pay had express any opinion upon the, merits Of the case. 
they lost all hope in the House. They then went been fully recognized that Government; and They recommend a rehearing of the case in con- 
