936 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 15, 
the question of reduction ofcompensation , as sug- 
gested by. the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr'. STAN, 
TON'] -If the gentleman desires, just at this partic- 
ular time, to reduce the compensation of all the 
officers in the er4ployment- of •the Government 
throughout the country, am sure it will not make 
any difference to any friends of mine, forl suppose 
I shall receive. very little consideration in relation 
to such matters aftera few days; butl tell the gen- 
tleman candidly, that I would not vote for any 
such, reduction. 1 agree with the gentleman from 
Maryland, that in order to- secure the necessary 
talent and ability,- the. Government must pay fur 
compensation to its offcers; and I have always 
pursued that policy here, and- I have been sus- 
taincd for a long time by _ my constituents in so 
doing. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 would to 
vote for the amendment of.my friendi but his re- 
marks have left me somewhat in doubt. He 
declares that he apprehends great danger to his 
friends. I would recompense his friends on ac- 
count of any danger they are in; but I do notknow 
the precise nature of it. 
Me also remarks that these gentlemen are em- 
played every night for seven days in the week. 
Now, if my friend intends, and I believe he does, 
-to express that they arc employed both day and 
night, then the more willingly will I vote for his 
amendment. I ask him whether Iam justified in 
drqwing that conclusion? 
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from New 
York had started on a proper foundation, I might 
be to answer all his questions; but the gen- 
tleman cannot have criven attention to the business 
in hand, or he would not have credited to me the 
inauguration of a suggestion which was made by 
the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr. WHITELEY.] 
I was-merely the first lieutenant, merely training 
in the company of that gentleman. I was only 
aiding him in effectinga just purpose. The gen- 
tleman remarks about me saying that these men 
worked every night in the week. I did not say so. 
I said that they were employed day and night for 
seven days in the week. [Laughter.] 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 am perfectly sat- 
isfied. I shall vote for this amendment. [Laughter.] 
The amendment was not agreed to 
Mr. COLFAX. I am requested by the Post 
Offce Department, and authorized by the Post 
Offce Committee to offer the followirp amend- 
ment: 
*Rnd be it further enactcd, That the third section of the 
act making provision for the postal service in Calitörnia, 
Oregon, and Washington, approved July 27, 1854, be, and 
the is hereby, repealed, and that all-dead letters which 
may accumulate in the post offices in said States and 'Iter- 
ritory; after the 30th of June next, -shall be returned to the 
General Post Otfiee at Washington, under such regulations 
as die Postmaster General *nay (lirect. 
By the present law, the dead Ictters which ac- 
cumulate on the Pacific coast are sent to San Fran- 
Cisco, where they are opened in a dead-letter 
branch offe.e, and the money letters are returned 
to the persons that sent thcnl. It has been found 
by experience that that is a rather poorly-paying 
experiment. A letter from the Postmaster Gen- 
eral which have here, states that it costs #3,000 
a year to perform that service, and that only sev- 
enty-three valuable letters per quarter are re- 
turned. He therefore asks that that section of the 
law be repealed, and that the dead letters of the 
Pacific coast be sent here just as all other dead 
letters are. 
The letter from the Postmaster General is as 
follows: 
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT, February 4, 1861. 
SIR : My attention has just been called to the operation 
of the dead letter office in San Francisco, California, tor 
the last quarter—ended 31st December : 
The whole number of letters received there was.. .. 
20,299 
Foreign letters returned to Washington unopened... 
964 
Whole number opened 
.........19,335 
Of the number, onc hundred and fifty-nine were preserved 
as valuable, and eighty-Si'f returned to Washington, leav- 
ing only seventy-three returned to writers on the Pacific 
coast. 
The expenses of the offce for the quarter were $675. 
There seems to no good reason why these dead letters 
should not. now be returned to this Department, saving near 
vantage in having them opened in San Francisco, is in 
returning somewhat sooner to the writers the very small 
number of valuable letters (only seventy-three last quarter) 
originally mailed on the Pacific coast. 
Under existing regulations, the letters from the larger 
otices would be returned regularly three months after the 
date of advertising, (or two months, if the law be changed, 
as not all be allowed to accumulate to the 
end of a post- office quarter ; so that but little, comparative- 
Iy, would be added to the weight of' the 'nails each trip. 
I submit a section repealing the law of 1854, and provid- 
ing för the return of all dead letters to this Department, 
which, if approved, you will please add to the pending bill 
No. 714. 
i have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours, &c., 
HORATIO KING, 
*Acting Postmaster General. 
Hon. SCHUYLER COLFAX, Chairman Committee Post Offce 
and Post Roads, House of Representatives. 
The question was taken; and the amendment 
was agreed to. 
I desire to 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
offer an amendment to the first section, to come 
in at the end of the tenth line, merely directing 
the Postmaster General to reexamine the causes 
of the discontinuance of mail routes. 
Mr. QUARLES. Have we not passed from 
that section; and is it not too late to offer- this 
amendment? 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from 
nois was deprived of the opportunity of present- 
ing his amendment, and therefore itmay be offered 
now. 
Mr. SHERMAN I do not waive the point of 
pertinency. I shall raise the point that the amend- 
ment of the gentleman from Illinois is not in 
order. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On what 
grounds ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. On the ground that it 
changes existing law. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not at all. 
Let the amendment be read. 
Mr. GROW. I suppose the gentleman from 
Illinois is not particular to have his amendment 
offered at this point of the bill, and would as lief 
bring it in at the end of the bill. 
M-r. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That will be 
satisfactorv. 
The Clei•k read the next section of the bill, as 
follows: 
SEC. 2. .Rnd be it further enacted, That if the revenues 
of the Post Office Department shall be insufficient to meet 
the appropriations ofthis act, then the surn of $5,391 ,350 63, 
or so much thereof as may bc necessary, be, and the same 
is hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any money in the 
'I'reasury not otherwise appropriated, to supply deficiencies 
in the revenue of the Post Office Department for the year 
ending the 30th of June, 1862. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 offer the follow- 
ing amendment as an additional section: 
SEC. — 
and be it further enacted, That the Postmaster 
General be, and is h'ereby, authorized and empowered to 
advertise for and to receive proposals, specifying for what 
con)pensation the round trip, and in what description of 
steam vessels, as to structure, speed, and dimensions, a 
United States mail to and fronl San Francisco, in Califor- 
nia, and Shanghae, in China, monthly, is otlbred to bc car- 
ried and delivered. The•tivne for receiving such proposaks 
to be limited, at the discretion of the Postmaster General, 
and to be advertised in such public newspaøers as he shall 
designate. Such proposals to be opened by the Postmaster 
General, and to be by him, together with his report on the 
saunc, transrnitted to the next Congress, at the opening 
tl)ereof. 
Mr. COLFAX. I must reluctantly raise a 
point of order on the amendment offered by my 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 am alittle uncer- 
tain, myself, as to whether the amendment is in 
order; but it is of so beneficial a character that I 
presume it will be admitted. 
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is notin 
order. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I offer the 
following amendment: 
And the Postmaster is hereby directed to reöxamine the 
causes för the discontinuance or curtailment of postal ser- 
vice on inland routes since the 4th of March, 1859; and to 
restore all such parts of said service as can be restored with 
due regard to tile public interest, and the circumstances 
of each case where such discontinuance or curtailment 
was on contracts yet in force, or have taken effect on the 
making of new contracts: Protided, however. That the res- 
toration or increase of service hereby contcinplated shall 
be with the assent of the contractor in each case, in pur- 
suance of his contract. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 raise the point of order 
that this changes existing law. Besides, know 
that if the amendment were adopted by the House, 
it would robably defeat the Post Office bill. 
Mr. VASHBURNE, of Illinois. like 
to have the gentleman from Ohio state in what 
respect the amendment changes existing law, and 
why its adoption should defeat this bill. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 suppose it changes exist- 
ing law; otherwise the gentleman from Illinois 
would not desire to offer it 
Mr. GROW By the law, as it stands now, 
the Postmaster General can reexamine this mat- 
ter, and restore the increased service. The amend- 
ment, therefore, does not propose to change the 
law. It simply requires the Postrnaster General 
to go over the matter again; and if, in his judg- 
ment, the increased service ought'to be restored, 
to restore it. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the 
point of order is well taken. 
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 will mod- 
ify my amendment, so as to make it in order. 
offer It as a proviso, as follows: 
Provided, This appropriation is hereby made on condi- 
tion that the Postmaster General shall reexamine the causes 
for discontinuance, Ec. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 submit that that change 
does not vary the matter, and that the amendment 
is not in order 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 would like 
to ask the gentleman from Ohio What was the 
position which he took in regard to the proviso 
to the Army bill in the Thirty-Fourth Congress ? 
Mr. SHERMAN 1 in favor of that pro- 
viso, and am yét•, but am not in favor of this pro- 
viso. 
Mr. They occupy 
precisel the same ground. 
Mr. dROW. one thing, 1 think, is that 
the body which appropriates nioney can put a 
limit on that appropriation. There is no question 
in my mind but that this is clearly in order. 
Whether the House ought to pass it or not, is for 
its own judgment. Whether the limitation is a 
proper one or not, is a matter which goes to the 
discret.ion of the body that appropriates money 
It is not a matter for a point of order. 
The ob. 
ject of this amendment is, that the money appro- 
priated shall be expended in a particular way: 
otherwise, it shall not be appropriated at all. 
Therefore, a condition of this kind is always in 
order. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 to say that, in 1854, 
in the instance to which the gentleman refers, the 
amendment was ruled out of order, but the de- 
cision was overruled by the House. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Did not the 
gehlleman from Ohio vote for overruling the de- 
cision of the Chair? 
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly. 
Mr. GROW. I think the gentleman from Ohio 
is mistaken. I think the amendment was first 
ruled to be in order, but that afterwards, when 
Mr. HOUSTON was in the chair, it was decided 
by him to be out of order. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. The amend- 
ment was first ruled out of order by Mr. Leiter, 
when in the chair, and overruled by the House. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion 
that, in its present shape, the amendment cuts 
pretty close; but he will decide it to be in order 
r he question is upon the amendment. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the amendment will 
not be adopted ; for it may just as well be under- 
stood now, that its passage by this House will 
bring on again the same quarrel with the Senate 
which nearly defeated the Post Office appropria- 
tion bill in the last session of Congress. 
I have 
no doubt that the Senate will insist upon the de- 
feat of the amendment, if it is adopted by the 
House, to the defeat of the bill itself. I trust, 
therefore, that, without regard to the merit of the 
amendment, at this late period of the session the 
House will not insist upon entering upon this 
contest with the Senate; which, in my judgment, 
will, as I have said, possibly defeat the bill alto- 
gether, but that the amendment will be voted 
down. 
WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle- 
man from Ohio can certainly have no conception 
of what tha amendment really is. 
It is not an 
amendment directing the Postmaster General to 
restore this service, but it is merely a proposition 
to direct him to reexamine all these cases, and act 
upon his own discretion as to what routes the 
public interest requires the service to be restored 
Now, sir, I do not know by what authority 
the gentleman from Ohio speaks, when he says 
that this amendment, which is just in itself, in 
which his constituents and the constituents of 
every member of this House are interested—I say 
I do not know upon what authority the gentleman 
says this amendment, if adopted, will haye the 
