038 
man, I will, detain the committee for a moment 
only. I understand the argument of my friend 
from Ohio."' He is opposed, as he was at the last 
session of Congress, in every possible shape, to 
the people getting their mails. 
The objection that the amendment is a censure 
upon the incoming Administration has no founda- 
tion. The amendment notifies the Postmaster 
General that we desire hillb as an executive om- 
cer of this Government, to reexamine certain eases 
in his Department, and to act according to his dis- 
eretion. The idea that it is any reflection or any 
censure upon the incoming Administration is cer- 
tainly unworthy of the distinguished gentleman 
from Ohio. 
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Chairman, 1 differ with 
my friend from Illinois in regard to one portion 
of his remarks. He is right in saying that where 
one Pogtmaster General has decided upon a mat- 
tor of damages, his successor in the Department 
cannot reopen it except by authority of a new 
law; but he is wrong in regard to the practice in 
cases for the extension or restriction of postal 
service in the country. At the -last session of 
Congress, I coöperated with my friend from Illi- 
nois, deeming that the conductofPostmasterGen- 
eral Holt had bcen unwise, although I have al- 
ways insisted that he acted with the very best 
motives. Whether he had the right, under the 
strict letter of the law of 1836, to cut down this 
service or not—and the uniform practice of the 
Department for over twenty years has author- 
ized it—his wide-spread razeeing of the postal 
service deprived many communities of long-en- 
joyed- postal facilities while it bankrupted many 
worthy and effcient contractors. 
say here now, so that the committee of which 
I am chairman shall not be subjected to censure, 
that wherever a contractor has •laid before us evi- 
dence that by this act, unexpected as it was—and 
I say it without any offense—somewhat arbitrary 
in its character, they had been bankrupted, (for 
they have generally proposed to carry the mails 
and wait for their ay until Congress should make 
an appropriation, we have felt it our duty to rec- 
ommend to Congress an approprit}tion to such 
contractors You have passed one such bill to- 
day for the relief of Hockaday & Ligget; and I 
think, when you sum up the amounts saved to 
the Department by the curtailment of the postal 
service , and place in the opposite scale the amount 
paid to contractors who have been bankrupted by 
this restriction, and the amount you ought to pay 
them—for many of them have not come here and 
presented their claims—you will find that it was 
a losing experiment. I believe that a large portion 
of that service could have been dispensed with, 
but the action was too sweeping. 
I believe that 
any Postmaster General 5 without instruction from 
this House, ought to revise all the'" decisions, 
and where the necessities of the country require, 
the restoration of the service in whole or in part 
it should be given to them; and I have no hesita- 
tion in saying so by this amendment, though I 
think it needless. But I tell the gentleman from 
Illinois, if he apprehends that under this instruc- 
tion a large portion of the service will be restored, 
he will have to put his amendment in the shapc 
it was last session—containing an additional ap- 
propriation, because this deficiency of $5,391,350, 
contained in the second section of this bill, is de- 
signed to cover only the present service. You 
may direct the Postmaster General to increase the 
service as much as you choose; yet you must, in 
the same bill, give hhn the means to do so. He 
cannot go to any material amount beyond the ap- 
propriations contained in thc bill, as the gentle- 
man must be aware. 
The CHAIRMAN appointed Mr. BARR and 
Mr. ELY as tellers. 
The committee divided; and the tellers reported 
—-ayes sixty-six. 
Mr. SHERMAN I propose that thc count by 
tellers be discontinued, with the understanding 
that we shall have a vote upon this amendment, in 
the House. 
No objection being made, the count was dis- 
continued. 
Mr. COLFAX. Upon the recommendation of 
the Postmaster General, in his annual reports, I 
offer the following amendment: 
and be it further enacted, That the amounts foUnd due 
upon contracts for overland mails, authorized by Congress, 
shan hereafter be paid from the Treasury of the United 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 15, 
States, out of any money therein not otherwise appropri- 
ated, instead of the revenue of the Post OMce Department, 
upon the certificate of the Postmaster General ; and the 
Postmaster General shall report the amount thereof at the 
opening of the next session of Congress. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 
upon that amendment. It changes the existing 
law. 
Mr. COLFAX. Before that pointisdecided,l 
desire to state that the amendment merely changes , 
in accordance with the views of the Postmaster 
General, the fund from which the money shall be 
paid. The Postmaster General has said, and very 
properly, as our. postal service to California IS 
over a large intervening desert, and we do not 
derive much way revenue therefrom, it cannot be 
expected that it shall be self-sustaining, and there- 
fore the expense ought to be paid out of the Treas- 
ury, instead of out of the revenues of the Post 
Ofiice Department. The amendment does no more 
than to change the place where the money shall 
be paid. In the end, it comes out of the Treas- 
ury. The amendment accords with the desire, 
expressed over and over again, in the Postmaster 
General 's report, that the California service should 
be paid out of the Treasury of the United States, 
it being only a burden upon the Post Ofhce De- 
partment. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think the amendment is 
out of order. We ought. to be able to tell what 
our post oflice service cost. 
Mr. COLFAX. Does the Chair rule the amend- 
ment out of order ? 
The CHAIRMAN 1-10 does. 
Mr. COLFAX 1 must an appeal from 
that decision. 
The question was put, Shall the decision Of the 
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee ? " 
and it was decided m the affrmative. 
Mr. COLFAX. I will state to the Chair con- 
fidentially that I think the noes had it, by the 
sound; but rather than risk breaking up the com- 
mittee for lack of.a quorum, I will not msist on a 
division. 
I am also instructed by the Committee on the 
Post Office and Post Roads to offer the following 
amendment: 
and bc it further enacted. That the provisions of the third 
section of the act entitled "An act amendatory to an act 
regulatiug the Post Office Department" approved March 2, 
1827, be, and the same arc hereby, applicd to all post routes 
which have been, or may hereafter be, established in any 
town or city by the Postmaster General, by virtue of the 
tenth section ot- an act cntitled "An act to reduce and mod- 
ify the rates of postage in the United States, and for other 
purposes," approved February 27, 1851. 
I ask the clerk to read a letter from the Post- 
master General, which I send up. 
The letter was read, as follows: 
PosT ()FFICE DEPARTMENT, 
APPOINTMENT OFFICE, January 14, 1861. 
SIR : By direction of the Postmaster General, I have the 
honor to transmit the inclosed draft of additional section 
to the present laws of the Department, and to request your 
cooperation in advancin«r its passage by Congress. 
Very rcspcctt-ully, your obedient servant 
110RA'i10 KING, 
First asststattt Postmaster General. 
Ilon. SC.IICYI,ER COLFAX, Chairman Committee on the Post 
Office and Post Roads, I-louse of Representatives. 
Mr. COLFAX. By the law of March 2, 1827, 
it is declared that no person other than the Post- 
master General, or his authorized agent, shall set 
up any foot or horse post for the conveyance of 
letters and packets upon any post road which is 
or may be established as such by law; and that 
every person who shall offend, shall incur a pen- 
By the act of March 3, 1851, the Post- 
master General is authorized to establish post 
routes within all cities and towns where the post- 
masters arc appointed by tho President and Sen- 
ate. In accordance with that law, the Postmaster 
General has declared the streets and alleys in 
various cities of the Union post routes. This act 
of the Postmaster General has been resisted in 
Philadelphia, but has been acquiesced in by the 
private letter expresses in New York, Boston, and 
other cities. The only question is, whether the 
lav.,r of 1827 shall be carried out, and authorize the 
Postmaster General to establish those post routes, 
and to prevent persons carrying letters over those 
routes, unless authorized by him, so that the Gov- 
ernment can have the letter-carrying in these cities 
in their own hands, as they should have. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. PERRY offered the following amendment: 
And whenever serviee has been actually performed by 
the contractor upon any curtailed route since the 4th day 
of March, 1859, notwithstanding the order of curtailment, 
the Postmaster General shall pay for the same as if no such 
order had been made, deducting from such payment any 
allowance the contractor may have received on account of 
the curtailment ofthe service under his contract : Provided 
however, That the Postmaster General shall be satisfied 
from the testimony before him that the service for which 
compensation is above provided, was performed in good 
faith, and in the advancement of the public interest. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise a point of order upon 
that amendment. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the 
point of order, and rules the amendment out of 
order. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the committee 
rise and report the bill to the House. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having 
resumed the chair, Mr. WINSLOW reported that 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union had, according to order, had the bill (H. 
R. No. 971) making appropriations for the service 
of the Post Offce Department for the year ending 
the 30th June, 1862, under consideration, and had 
directed him to report it back to the House with 
sundry amendments, with a recommendation that 
it do pass. 
Mr. SHERMAN called the previous question 
upon the amendments. 
The prevrous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered to be put. 
The first amendment, being the amendment of- 
fered by Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, in the com- 
mittee, was then read. 
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays 
upon the amendment. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was put; and it was decided in the 
amrmative—yeas 104, nays 51; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain Aldrich, Allen, Thomas L. An- 
derson, Beale, Bingham, 'Blair, Blake, Bocock, Brabson, 
Brayton, Briggs, Brown, Buffrnton, Burch, Burlingame, 
Burnett, Campbell, Carter, Case, John B. Clark, Coburn, 
John Cochrane, Colfax, Conway, Covode, Cox, James 
Craig, Dawes, De Jarnette, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edger- 
ton, Edwards, Eliot, Etheridge, Farnsworth, Fenton, Fior- 
ence, Fouke, Frank, French, Gilmer, Grow, Gurley, Hale, 
Hall, John T. Harris, Haskin, Helmick Hindman, 1101- 
man, I-lutnphrey, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, Wil- 
liam Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, James M. Leach, Lee, 
Logan, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maclay, Marston, McClernan(i, 
McKean, Montgornery, Morrill. Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, 
Noel), Pahncr, Perry, Peyton, Porter, Potter, Prycr, 
Quarles, Edwin R. Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson 
Royce, Scott, Sedgwick, Sickles, Somes, Spaulding, Spin- 
ner, Stokes, Stout, Stratton, Tappan, Theaker, Vandever, 
Van Wyek, Wade, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburn, 
Ellihu B. Washburne, VVoodruff, and VVoodson—104. 
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Alley, William C 
Anderson, Avery, Babbitt, Barr, Branch, Bristow, Durn- 
ham, Butterfield, Horace F. Clark, Conkling, Burton Craige, 
H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Ely, Hatton, Hoard, 
William A. Howard, Hutchins, Killinger, DeWitt C.Leach, 
Leake, Longnccker, Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, 
McKenty, McPherson, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, 
ward Joy Morris, Phelps, Pottie Riaas James C. Robinson, 
Rust, Sherman, WV illiarn N. H Smith, Stanton, Willia:n 
Stewart, Thayer, Thomas, Tompkins, Trimble, Waltea, 
I VVebster, VVells, Winslow, Wood, and Wright—51. 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
During the. call, 
Mr. EDGERTON stated that Mr. CAREY was 
confined to his room by sickness. 
Mr. FOSTER stated, that in order thathe might 
attend the peace convention, he had paired off 
with Mr. that hc declined to vote, be- 
cause Mr. TV HITELEY was n*within the Hall. 
Mr. HUTCH11Xxs stated Mr. ASHLEY was 
confined to his room by indisposition, and wag 
paired off with Mr. SIMMS. 
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, announced that 
Mr. NELSON was detained at home by indisposi- 
tion. 
Mr. WELLS stated that M PETTIT had been 
compelled to leave the Hall, in consequence of in- 
disposition . 
Mr. ALDRICH stated that Mr. 
detained at home by sickness in his family 
I Mr. ALLEN stated that Mr. HOWARD, of 
Ohio, was confined at home by sickness. 
The vote was theu announced, as above rc- 
t corded. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to 
consider the vote by which the amendment was 
adopted; and also moved to lay t.ho motion to re- 
consider upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
The remaining amendments made in Committee 
of the Whole on the state of the Union svcre 
agreed to. 
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and 
