940 
TIID CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 15, 
a multitude, will look Sumter-like defiance in the 
ftce of their opponents, and die, if-need be, with 
the last vestige of the American Union. 
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow 
me to ask him a question ? 
ME. ALDRICH. 1 object to these intcr- 
ruptions. There is but one gentleman who has 
a Érescriptive right to interrupt- and ask ques- 
tions, and that is the gentleman from Arkansas, 
[Mr. HINDMAN.] I will permit him -to do ii. 
ILaughter,] 
Mr. HINDMAN. have a few questions to 
propound to the gentleman. 
Mr. VANDEVER. Now, Mr. Speaker, in 
respect to the propositions made to amend the 
Federal Constitution so as to afford new guaran- 
tecs and Trotection to the peculiar institu tion of 
the South, I cannot, as they are made under these 
circumstances, vote for any of them. Sir, under 
these circumstances, compromise is out of the 
question with me. If, at a future time, a conven- 
tEon should assemble upon the 8.pplication of the 
States of this Union, as prescribed by the Con- 
stitution, in that convention, for my part, I would 
meet our brethren from the slaveholding. States in 
a spirit of mutual forbearance ond conciliation, 
and, if possible, forever quiet this slavery con- 
.troversy. But, at this particular period of time, 
when the public mind is excited, in the last expir- 
i.nø-aøonies of this Congress, the alternative is pre- 
sented by a minority, smarting under the sting of 
defea% of-concession or a dissolution of the Union 
and a hopeless bankruptcy of the national Treas- 
ury. Under such constraints, I will. not .consent 
to compromise 
Mr. NIAYNARD. 1 to ask the gentle- 
man th is one question , wi th his permission : wheth- 
er the statement he has presented has been. one 
that was quite fair and candid towards us of the 
border States #vho, during the last summer, bore 
the burden of the conflict against the men who 
supported Breckinridge, and who did more to 
overpoxrver him, in the Stutcs where he was the 
strongest, than any others? I ask him whet.her 
it was necessary, in the statement he has madc for 
his constituents and the country, to place us in 
the condition he hasJ.lone? I appeal to his fair- 
ness and candor to say whether he . has done us 
justice. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 say, in replyto the gen- 
tleman from rrennessee, that truth no respecter 
of persons. 
I have no desire to do injustice to 
him or his political friends in the border States, 
for I am ready to say that whatever may be the 
judgment of posterity upon the acts of those of 
us who have been participators in the scenes of 
this day, the names of those who, upon this floor 
and at home among their constituents in the 
slaveholding States, have heroically fought the 
battle of the Union and Constitution aøamst fa- 
naticism and treason in their own section—these 
names, say, will be cherished in grateful re- 
men) brance, whether the Union endures or not. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I concur with the gentle- 
man, that truth is no respecter of persons; but 
persons ought to be respecters of truth; and it is 
for that reason that I put the question, whether 
the gentleman from Iowa had done justice to us 
Union znen of the South in respect to the propo- 
sition submitted by the distinguished Senator 
from Kentucky ? 
Mr. VANDEVER. I am endeavoring to serve 
the cause of truth when I show that for good 
jectionable in.form- than either of the others; but 
it goes to the same extent in effect. 
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Iowa 
will- remember that the Crittenden proposition 
comes not from the supporters of Breckinridge, 
but from the Union men of the South. Now I 
him, whether it is quite fair to impute to the 
Union men of the South the responsibility for the 
sentiments of Breckinridge and his supporters ? 
Mr. VANDEVER. The gentleman and his 
friends, some of them, in this emergency, have 
regarded it as their duty to support principles 
•which they have heretofore repudiated, establish- 
ing new •uarantees for the protection of slavery in 
the Territories south of 360 30'. Now, sir, for my- 
self, I say that there is a principle in this matter, 
and that I will never yield one iota in guaranty- 
ing the protection of this Government for slavery 
anywhere. That is the difference between the 
gentleman and myseff. 
But, Mr. Speaker, I desire to offer another con- 
sideration in respect to the report of the commit- 
tee of thirty-three, though, by the way, there is 
another peculiarity both in the Crittenden and in 
the border-States proposition to which wish to 
allude. 
I mean that portion of the plan *Which 
proposes to protect the domcstic slave trade. I 
do not recc!lcct the precise tcrms in svhich it is 
expressed. I shall not, on this occasion, under- 
take to inquire into, or discuss, the power of this 
Government over the inter-State slave trade. 
I 
shall not, on this occasion, ask whether. there is 
any power in the Congress of the United States, 
or anywhere in this Government, to abolish that 
slave trade. But, sir, in the Crittenden proposi- 
tion is a distinct recognicion of the right of transit 
with slaves from one slave State to anothei•, and 
what I fear is, that when it shali once be adopted, 
whcn that proposition shall once be incorporated 
into the Constitution, the claim will be Spt up and 
maintained that the slave trader has the riffht to 
carry his slaves from Virginia, or any other border 
State, to Texas, or any one of the cotton States, 
by way of New York, or somc port of the North, 
for shipment. And further, I think there is rea- 
son to fear that when that provision shall become 
a part of the organic law of the land, it will give 
the slave trader the right to traffic in his property 
I wherever hc shall see proper; 
that it will reéstab- 
1ish the slave pens in this city, which were abol- 
ished as an abomination by the compromise legis- 
lation of 1850; or, perhaps, what worse yet, 
transfor them to New York and other northern 
ports to first outrage and then debauch and de- 
moralize public sentiment, and vastly inflame the 
slavery agitation under which wc now groan. 
But, in regard to the report' of the committee of 
thirty-three, I must conföss that I approach the 
subject with a great reluctance. Certåinly, no 11)un 
upön this floor entertains a higher opinion of the 
patriotic services o?the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. 
CORWIN,] chairman of the select committee, than 
I do. None will more sincerely accord to him 
the full meed of praise for his anxious desire to 
allay tbc existing exc_itement in the country, and 
to restore peace and harmony once more in all 
sections throughout the length and breadth of the 
land. But, sir, I submit that the committee have 
fallen into a grave error in the resolutions which 
they offer. These pcsolutions recognize the ex- 
istcnce of personal liberty laws upon the statute- 
books of tho North, which are Supposed to in- 
fringe the Constitution of the United States. 
reasons, under the circumstances now existing, I These resolutions denounce the invasion of one 
cannot concur in the proposition of the Senator 
from Kentucky, which provides for the protec- 
tion and guarantee of slavery in the Territocies 
of the Union, or in any proposition which shall, 
in effect, set aside the verdict pronounced in the 
late election. 
Mr. MAYNARD. still the gentleman does 
not answer my question. 
Mr. VANDEVER. Now, Mr. Speaker, the 
Crittenden proposition recognizes and protects 
slavery south of the line of 360 30' , in all the Ter- 
ritories of the Union. The border-State propo- 
Bition does the same thing; not in such definite or 
specific language, but it just as effectually protects 
and maintains slavery sot-uh of that line, by saying 
that there shall •be no power in Congress, or in 
the Territorial Legislature, or in the people of a 
Territory, however much they may desire it, to 
prohibit slavery in such Territory. The propo- 
sition of the committee of thirty-three is less ob- 
State by the citizens of another State with a hos- 
tile intent; they deplore the practice so prevalent 
in some States of failing to protect the citizens of 
other States traveling or temporarily sojournin& 
therein. All such evils are to be deplored by good 
citizens of whatever section. The committee, 
however, propose nothing to remedy the evil. 
The resolutions propose to neither prohibit nor 
command anything in reference to the personal 
liberty laws or other evils complained of. The 
report only advises the States to revise their legis- 
lation in these particulars. 
In my humble judgment, Mr. Speaker, at this 
particular juncture, what we most want is a dis- 
tinct and prompt recognition of the authority of 
the Constitution, and the laws enacted in pursu- 
ance thereof, as supreme and paramount to any 
State legislation. If that be readily and fully ac- 
knowledged, the remedy will soon be found' for 
the unauthorized and illegal action of States— 
whether it be secession ordinances or personal lib- 
erty laws. Nullification, in whatevei• form, must 
be met and overthrown. These personal libefty 
laws, passed by the northern States, wre never 
désigned to conflict with the Constitution of the 
United States, or to nullify-•an act of Congress, 
pursuance of the Constitution. They 
passe 
signed, sir, to •protect -their: own citizens 
were 
from being kidnapped, and to guard against vio- 
lent seizures. If the States which have personal 
liberty bills upon their statute-books. have vin- 
fringed the Constitutiori of the United-States; or 
nullified any legislation of Congress upderit,• then 
the courts can correct the error. I ncvei• heaed-of 
an instance in which any citizen, or considerable 
number of citizens, of the North have claimed.t-hat 
the courts could not declare upon-the constitution- 
ality of personal liberty bills: They in 
the North that it is the_ right aid the«lutly: ö$Lhé 
States to obey the duly renderéd _judgmeh_tg of.ihé 
courts. runderstand that they haye always been 
willing to submit their laws to the adjudication of 
the courts. 
But history furnishes a memorable instance in 
which one of the States of the Union, upon the 
application of the people of another Staté,-rcfu$d 
to test the validity or constitutionality Of-theit 
own laws in their own courts. lillude, sir, to-.@be 
case of South Carölina; when Mr. Hoar , WAS Seit 
there as a commissioner on „thé part of Massa- 
chusetts, to test the constitutionality of a låw 'of 
South Carolina; she refused to submit to the orbit- 
rament of the courts, and dröiie Mr. Hoar from 
her limits. I repeat, then, what I have said, that 
the Constitution and- the -laws passed in pursu- 
ance thereof must be recognized as paramount 
and supreme to State laws béfore We can arrive 
at any full settlement of Our present diffculties; 
and this the committee, irfa great meaSure, seem 
to have lost 9ight' Of. 
The committee which upol_l 
us. The President- of-'the Üni'téd Stdfés, lin a 
recent message, -depl'oh•ed the •secession of Std't'es 
as a great evil. Hts argument Avas an able ohe 
against the right of secessiön•, but-he proposed no 
remedy for it—he acknowledges no remedy for it. 
And like the President—I say it witli great re- 
spect—the committee, while deploring unauthor- 
ized acts, assert no power in the Government to 
repress such acts, but only request the States to 
desist. All I have to say is, that any pian of com- 
promise or settlement which doe* 'not recognize 
the paramount po\.vér Of the Constitutiön and 
laws, will not feach the' evils, so much complained 
of. Without a fundamental recognition of the 
superior authority of the Federal Constitution, 
this Union becomes a mere myth, and the Gov- 
ernmerft a sham. 
I regard the slavery question as secondary in 
importance to the pretended right of peaceable 
secession ctaimcd by States now in open rebellion 
against the. Government, and actively at work in- 
citing other States to like treasonable practices 
It is no time to staunch the blood from a 
wound caused by the slavery agitation, while this 
assassin of seceSsion -and rebellion' Stands with 
drawn dagger and uplifted arm to inflict a yet 
more fatal blow at the very Government itself. 
Make concessions now, in order to preserve this 
Government! Four years hence, when we come 
to inaugurate another President, new concessions 
may be demanded. Thus, a black mail or ran- 
som may be regularly lovicd by one section on 
another at each recurring presidential election, if 
not oftener, as the price of the Union. It is all 
folly, then, to think of compromises and conces- 
sions at this time. Nothing less than the life of 
the Union is demanded; and every instinct of 
self-preservation requires that the terms should 
be rejected, and the Government sustained. 
I say that the question, of all other questions, 
which has now to be settled, is the right of seces- 
sion. I appeal to gentlemen who favor a southern 
confederacy, whether any Government eredted 
upon such a foundation could endure. It requires 
no prophet's ken to foretell the speedy downfall 
of a confederacy formed upon the specifie recog- 
nition of the right of secession. It would pass 
away with the breath of any State, -however small, 
that might for any cause,-howevef trivial, declare 
that it severed its connection. Such a confederacy 
would be hourly and daily in imminent danger O'f 
being broken into a thousand fragments. In such 
a confederacy, selfishness will be the overruling 
