1861, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
motive of all the States. If Louisiana, or Florida, 
or any other State, finds-it. io be her interest to 
remain, then she will do.so; and if not, she 'will 
secede. Any factious community, under the ad- 
mitted right of secession, might withhold from all 
the other States the enjoyment of the advantages 
ofa unyotr, because she was unwilling to accept 
them herself. It seems to n•ne that, superadded 
to ail the pelicans, crocodiles, snakes, and other 
descriptions of reptiles adopted as the insignia of 
such a dissolving-view confrderacy, there should 
be a portrayal of the dog in the manger of the old 
fable. 
I know that it is objected by our friends on the 
other side of the House that, in the position we 
assume, we do not recognize the sovereignty of 
the States. Now, sir, I desire to make a distinct 
declaration that there is no Slate in this Union 
that ever did, in the whole period of her past his- 
tory, possess one single particle of distinct sov- 
ereignty or distinct nationality. 'There is no sep- 
arate sovereiguty. All the sovereign ty that any 
State of this Union, excepting, it may be, the State 
of Texas, ever had, it derived from and through 
the Union. We know very well that even after 
the annexation of the State of Texas, her sover- 
eignty had to be vindicated in a long and bloody 
war between the United States and Mexico. 
Let us, fora moment, appeal to history. What 
were the thirteen States originally? Nothing 
mote than colonial dependencies of Great Britain. 
Every one. must admit that. But the oppressions 
of the mother country became intolerable, and the 
people of these thirteen colonies formed a Union. 
Unitedly they resisted the a•oressions of the 
mother country; unitedly they declared their in- 
dependence, 
that of right they were free and 
independent;" and united, they waged a long and 
fierce war against Great Britain, which was finally 
closed by a recognition of that independence which 
has ever since been the pride and boast of the 
American people. 
Mr. HIN DIV.'IAN. Will t.he gentleman permit 
me to call his attention to a fact that he seems to 
forget. The treaty between Great Britain and the 
colonies merely recognized the independence of 
each one of the thirteen colonies by name. It did 
not recocrnize our independence as a nation or a 
league. 
Mr. VANDERVER. These United States did 
not separately negotiate with the mother country. 
Unitedly they declared their independence, and 
unitedly they negotiated the terms of the treaty. 
The same authority that commissioned George 
Washington to lead the armies of the United Col- 
onies, authorized the commissioners to treat with 
the mother country for the independence of the 
United States of America; and when in the treaty 
of peace the colonies were enumerated, it was for 
the purpose of recoo•nizing and acknowledging 
their united independence, and not their separate 
national existences. The allegiance the colonies 
owed to Great Britain, was thus transferred to the 
United States of America. 
Now, sir, what was the next step? After the 
acknmvledgrnent of our independence, for the pur- 
pose of forming a more perfect Union, the Con- 
stitution of the United States '*vas ordained. By 
whom? It was ordained in the name of the peo- 
ple of the United States. The very mcn who had 
put their hands to the •Declaration of our Inde- 
pendence a fin•v years before, pledging their lives 
and their sacred honor to mai\ltain it; the men 
who, by their heroic deeds in battle, and their 
moderation and firmness in council, had achieved 
our liberties and our right to a separate and in- 
dependcnt nation, then gathered themselves in 
council again, and framed a Constitution which 
X,vas ordained in the name of the people of the Uni- 
ted States. I say, then, that every particle of sov- 
ereiznty which any one of those thirteen original 
States has to-day was derived through the Union, 
and from no source whatever. The alle- 
giance which they once owed to the mother coun- 
try was transferred to the United States; and 
they owe their allegiance to-day to the United 
States. 
Now, I submit, if we shall consent to this dis- 
memberment, and acknowledge their independ- 
ence of this United States Government, how know 
but that England may claim to have some 
irnerest in these absconding States? Why, sir, 
one of the conditions of the treaty which acknowl- 
edged our independence was that the navigation 
of the Mississippi river should forever remain 
free. How know we, if the independence of the 
States which have gone out shall be acknowl- 
edged, but that France or Spain may have some- 
thing to say in reference to that' matter, because 
they, too, have an interest in the navigation of the 
Mississippi river? They may claim that their 
sovereignty reattaches, because their cession v..ras 
made to the United States of- America. Think 
you that England is going to consent to any se- 
rious interruption of her trade and commerce with 
the people living upon the headwaters of that 
great stream? Wili she consent that a colony of 
freebooters, to call them by no more opprobrious 
term, shall exercise control over the mouth of 
that river, even should the United States relin- 
quish its jurisdiction? I commend these- con- 
siderations to the attention of all whom it may 
concern. 
Now, what is the pretext for this crusade against 
, the Union, which, i must be permitted to say, is 
one of the most treasonable and wicked under- 
takings ever projected against this or any other 
Government, and which I honestly believe de- 
serves, and will receive, the just judgment of Hea- 
ven upon the heads of its guilty authors? What 
is the pretext? That -a party has succeeded in 
electing a President of the Umted States—a party 
that believes in the ancient policy of restricting 
slavery in territories. There is no claim of a 
right to interföre with or attack slavery in the 
States. Such design is expressly disclaimed and 
condemned by all parties. But in reference to 
the common domain, we are in favor of the an- 
cient policy. Our opponents ask us to consent to 
incorporate into the Constitution new guarantees 
which shall reverse the past action of the Gov- 
ernment, and if we do not, they threaten to break 
up the Government. 
Let me call the attention of gentlemen to the 
condition of the Territories when we formed this 
Constitution. From the Northwestern Territory, 
out of which has been carved so many States, 
slavery was excluded by the act of the Govern- 
ment. That restrictive policy was adopted before 
the Constitution. Who consented to it? The 
people of Virginia. The statesmen of Virginia 
of that day sanctioned that policy. If at that day 
they saw no good reason for not consentino to the 
ratification of the Constitution merely because 
slavery was not protected or guarantied in the 
Territorics of the United States, why should such 
cruarantee and protection be made a condition for 
the continuance of the TJnion now? The ordi- 
nance of 1787 excluded slavery from the North- 
west. The new Constitution did not remove the 
restriction, and nobody then thought that it 
should. A Constitution guarantying the right 
to extend slavery into Territories would then 
have been rejected by men of ali parties. 
no good reason for changing that policy. 
Virginia ceded the Northwest Territory to the 
Un ited States, and she had a special reason for 
agreeino• to the exclusion of slavery therefrom. 
We hai just emerged from that revolutionary 
struggle in which she had made great sacrifices. 
She had become impoverished by the sacrifices 
made to achieve our liberties. Many old Virginia 
families, with a numerous progeny growing up 
around them, impoverished by the burdens of the 
Revolution, looked to the Northwest as a field 
for enterprise upon which their offspring, reared 
in refinement, might retrieve their broken for- 
tunes. At home, " labor was despised because 
as Mr. Mason expressed 
performed slaves," 
it; and with the yearning tenderness ofa mother, 
Virginia determined to redeem that territory from 
the bliaht of slave labor, regarding it as the heri- 
tage OF her own children. 
It is such a policy and such an example which 
the Republican party of to-day propose 10 emu- 
late and follow. 
Mr. HAMMOND said truthfully in an address to 
his constituents, made at Beeéh Island, in 1858, 
that— 
All the measures of which the South coinplains she 
herself inaugurated. In the Inatter of slavery, Washington 
and Jefferson sct the evil e.xunple—the North have bor- 
it fro-m them." 
Now, passing from that period of our history, 
and cormng down to 1820, there is another signal 
instance in which the power of Congress to ex- 
clude this institution from the Territories was 
asSerted, and the people of the South themselves 
acquiesced in -the exercise,of' that power; 
that was, the act of. the.South. 
Passing from that time and 
ter.vening,'we come down •to 1845, when .we;atö 
quired Texas. One off the very: conditions,upon 
which she was annexed to this Union and 
one of the- States , is found in these 
And in such State or States aS-shall be formtd, outbf 
said territory north ott said Missöuri comptorniseliliej-sla- 
very,' or involuntary servitude, (except fbr grime,) 4han:be, 
prohibited." 
That was a southern measure , indorsed by Cal- 
houn in 1845, and the greaemeasure Xitthe Dem-. 
ocratic party. Texas came into the' Union upen 
an express recognition of a power in Con- 
gress of the United States to exclude this institu- 
tion, not only from the Territories, but from her 
o.wn limits; and not a voice-was raised against it. 
It was a southern measure; and the resolution was 
framed by southern man. 
Passing from that period, we come, down to 
1850, when we were again called upon to compro- 
mise this question; and this condition upon-which 
Texas was admitted was again expressly- reaf- 
firmed. Congress then passed a series of com- 
promise measures, one of which gave 
to Texas, to reconcile her to a change of bound- 
aries. 
It was expressly into that 
act, that it should not interfere with the.condiLiöns 
upon which Texas was originally annexed to the 
United States. was in the na- 
ture of a ransom for the recognition of this great 
privilege of the Government to exclude this inni- 
tution from the Territories of the UnitedStates, 
and was a part of the compromise measureS of 
1850. 
Then we come down to 1852, when thæ two 
great parties of the country, in their con- 
ventions, mutually pledged themselves to abide 
and stand by those compromises as a finality. 
Who, let me ask, has receded from these com- 
promises and agreements thus solernnly made ? 
You, gentlemen, I answer, on that side of the 
Hall—the South herself. A gentleman from North 
Carolina, [Mr. WINSLOW,] the other day, while 
commen ting upon the alleged wrongs of the South , 
spoke of, the action of tlue North, and character- 
ized it by the term " punic fait.h. " 
I respectfu}ly 
submit that like examples of punic faith can be 
found upon -the part of no people of any section 
of this country, or of any country, as are found 
in the memorable cases to which have alluded. 
Sir, if this Union is to be broken up, and this 
'•,'vrar is to be waged, I can only say, in theeloquent 
words of Henry Clay, whose ashes sleep in t.he 
district of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr 
SIMMS,] who addressed the House the other day, 
that " it will be a war in which you will have no 
sympathy, for all mankind will be against you." 
But, sir, some gentlemen say that the cause of 
our present troubles is not so much the attempt 
to exclude slavery from the Territories of the 
United States, and the failure to execute the fugi- 
tive slave law, as it is this everlasting discussion 
of the slavery question among the people of the 
North; and I call attention to that remarkable 
declaration to be found in the President's last an- 
nual message—a declaration unparalleled by any 
expression, in any American State •paoer, that. I 
have ever seen—that the agitation of the slavery 
question has at length, as he says produced its 
malign Influence on the mind of the slave, inspir- 
ing in his bosom the hope of freedom." He makes 
that charge upon the Republican party. Now, 
sir, that charge is as old as the Government itself. 
It was made against the very system inaugurated 
by the founders of our Government: that they had 
avowed heresies in the Declaration- of Independ- 
once calculated to inspire in the hear_Ls of the 
oppressed of every nation this hope of freedom; 
such is the complaint of every despot on the face 
of the earth this day. I reply, in the language of 
McDowell, of Virginia: This hope of freedom 
is a lamp lit up in the soul of the slave by the 
hand of the Deity; it is allied to his hope of im- 
mortality, and can never be extinguished." 
i a species of atheism to attempt to extinguish it. 
Now, I'vlr. Speaker, I have a word or two to 
say in conclusion, for I perceive that my hour has 
nearly expired. In my humble judgment, all the 
wrongs of which the South complains to-day can 
be redressed in the Union. Let them recognize 
t the power and authority of this General Govern- 
II 
ment. Let them resort to the constitutional guar- 
