946 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 16, 
DEFICIENCY BILL. 
II 
to recede from their disagreement to that amend- 
strikeout the words "$12,857 92," and-in lieu thereof in• 
sert, "'$10.533;" and, at the end of the amendment, add : 
Provideå, 'That no payment shall-be made under the terms 
tuaåly paid by thc several receivers and registers, such 
vouchers to be verified by the affdavits both Dfthe registers 
aud receivers, and the parties to whom the payments have 
isfied of the faiiness of the prices allowed : und provided 
fur$her, the sevm,nh section of the act of the 18th of 
Auaust, 1856, inaking appropriations tar certain etvil ex: 
penses of the Government tor the year ending the -30th Of 
June, 1857;" be, and the same is hereby, repealed. 
That the Senale recede from their third amendment. 
J. A. PEARCE, 
DANIEL CLARK, 
WILLIAM BIGLER, 
Managers on the part of the Senate. 
D.iF,. SICKLES, 
JAMES 11.' CAMPBELL, 
CYRUS ALDRICH, 
Managers on thå part of the House of Representatices. 
Mr. PEARCE. I propose now very briefly to 
explain to the Senate the operation of this report. 
It is proposed that the Senate recede from their 
disagreement to the amendment of the House of 
Representatives to the second amendment of the 
Senate. Thc second amendment of the Senate 
appropriateS $3,000 for miscelianeous items, in the 
contingent expenses of the Senate. The House 
add to that appropriation these items: 
For additional police for the Capitol, payable by the Sen- 
ate, ,096 97; and for additional pojiee för the Capitol, 
payable by the House of-Representaüves, $1 ,096 97. 
To supply deficiencies in the appropriation {Or taking the 
eighth census, $437,000. 
For expenses of select committee appointed under the 
resolution of I-louse of Representatives of 24th December, 
1860, $5;000 and iör expenses of select committee Inade 
by order the Mouse of Representatives of the 9th of Jan- 
utyy, 1861, $3,000, making $8,000; and that the said sum 
shall be added to the rniscellaneous itenl of the contingent 
fund of the House. 
For expenses of removing the office of the Fourth Au. 
ditor of Llle 'Itreasury. to the apartments assigned in Wind- 
er's building, und Ibr cleansing, repairing, and furnishing the 
same, $3,508 55. 
The House concur in the Senate's fifth amend- 
ment, with an amendment. This amendment 
relatcs to the Kickapoo land office. The appro- 
priation was for the sum of $12,857 92, for the 
paytuent of' extraordinary exl.)enses, clerk hire, 
offce rent, fuel, &c., allowed under the act of 
1856, by the. Interior Department, but subject 
to the approval of Congress. The effect of the 
amendment of the committee of conference is to 
reduce the amount by so much as is asked for 
offce rent, fuel, &c. The object of the law of 1856 
was to the Secretary of the Interior to au- 
thorize. certain extraordinary expenses. The com- 
mittee did not consider office rent and fuel as 
extraordinary expenses, but ordinary and ncccs- 
sar_y., to be provided for as in other cases; that 
is, by the registers at their own expense. T lint 
was therefore stricken out. Then they provide 
that the charges for tho extra clerk hire Shull be 
there being proof before the committee 
allowed, 
o? the cxtraoédinary amount of work performed 
As there was sorne difficulty 
at that land office. 
arising in regard to the amount of compensation 
allowed these clerks, it is provided that the Sec- 
retary of the Interior shall determine upo\'i the 
fairness of the charge; and then it was thought 
the repeal of the 
advisable to recommend, also, 
seventh section of the act of 1856, which, for thc 
first time, allot.ved the Departmentof the Interior 
to estimate for and conditionally to sanction these 
extra allowances for clerk hire. It was thought 
that that act tended very mucb to induce persons 
holding offices of this sort, to run up expendi- 
tures of this kind. There are various ways in 
which it could be perceived that it was to the in- 
terest of the registers and receivers to employ 
extra clerks and claim these extra allowances.' It 
was lhought best, therefore, to repeal it, especially 
as it was understood thal the law had Ylevu• been 
recommended by the Department of the Interior 
or the Land Office, but had, by some inadvert- 
ence, crept into the appropriation bill of that 
'I'he sixth amendment relates to compensation 
for carrving the mail by way of Panama, to Mr. 
Vanderbilt, under a cortract made with the Post- 
master Genera], which no doubt the Senate recol- 
lect. The effect of the amendment of the House Of 
Represéntatives was to strike out the last para- 
graph of that amendment, which, in fact, by some 
oversight, was a mere duplication of the former 
part, and allowed pav for the same service twice. 
We agreed, therefore, to recommend to the Senate 
ment on the part of the House. 
The last was the itcm which appropriated 
$300 ,000 for carrying out the conditional contract 
made between the Navy Department and Ambrose 
W. Thompson and the Chiriqui Improvement 
Company. This subject has been much discussed 
before the committee. We have been debating it 
for three days. There were various considera- 
tions, all of which it is not necessary to mention. 
Two, however, I will mention. The House of 
Representatives seemed to be inflexibly opposed 
to It; first, upon the ground that the state of the 
Treasury absolutely forbade their making any ap- 
propriation for this object at this time; and then 
there seemed to be a doubt whether it was not 
absolutely necessary, in order to secure the Uni- 
ted States fully in the advantages intended to be 
The message further announced that the House 
had aereed to the report of the committee of con- 
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses 
on the bill (H. R. No. 866) to supply deficiencies 
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal 
year ending June 30, 1861. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. 
The message furtherannounced that the S . eaker 
had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 84 ) mak- 
ing further provision in relation to con olidated 
land omces. 
TERRITORY OF DAKOTA. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of 
half past twelve o'clock having arrived, it is in- 
cumbent on the Chair to call up the special order 
for this hour, which is the bill (S. No. 502) to 
acquired by that contract, that the assent of the provide a temporary government for the Territory 
New,' Granadian Government should be given to of Dakota, and to create the offce of surveyor 
it. 'I'liere have been somc indications in an opin- •eneral therein. The bill is before the Senate as 
ion of the suprcrne court of New Granada, that in Committee of the -Whole. 
the assent of that Government ought to be bad. Mr. G WIN. ask the consent of the Senator 
It wag thought advisable that this should be ob- from Missouri to allow me to make a report from 
tained in order to make secure the privileges in- the Committee on the Post Offcc and. Post Roads, 
tended to be acquired by this contract. It appeared i I as I want to have it printed, for early considera- 
very certain that the harbors to which this con- II tion. 
tract relates were excecdingly fine harbors, easy 
of access, of great depth of water, and with gen- 
erally bold shores; that there was coal imme- 
diately on their border, and within a very short 
distance quite accessible; and that this coal would 
be valuable for the purposes of our steam marine 
in the-Gulf of Mexico and in the Caribbean sea. 
It s.•vas therefore admitted by the committee gen- 
era\ly, that it was desirable the United States 
should obtain these privileges, if it could be done 
wit_h perfect prudence; but the objections which I 
have mentioned svere all-powerful with the com- 
mittee of the House of Representatives, and the 
Senate committee felt that they were not justified 
in insisting upon a measure of this sort, as an 
amendment to the deficiency bill, which might 
jeopard the bill, as we were assured it would ccr- 
tainly do. We thought that, upon an independent 
Incasure inserted in an appropriation bill, we had 
not right to sacrifice the bill in order to force 
the other I-lousc to a compliance with that amend- 
ment. We tl'longht, too, that the contract would 
not be destroyed by the refusa\ to appropriate the 
money at this time; aud that, when the additional 
security contemplated h v the objcction of the com- 
mittee could be had, it would Ge quite competent 
to Congress at the ilext session to ratify this con- 
tract, and secure the privileges intended to be 
obtained by it. 
Mr. GREEN. I call for the special order of 
the day. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us take this vote. 
this cannot be voted 
Mr. GREEN. No, sir; 
on until it is thoroughly ventilated. 
MESSAGE FROM HOUSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 1'25) 
the relief of John Peebles. 
The message further announced that the House 
had passed the following bills; in which the con- 
currence of t hc Senate was requested: 
A bill (No. 971) making appropriations for the 
service of the Post. Of)icc Departtnent during the 
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1862; 
A bill' (No. 997) for the relief of Greenbury M. 
Watkins, of Montgomery county, IMaryland; 
A bill (No. 653) granting a pension to Herman 
J. Ehle; 
Mr. GREEN. This business will consume 
verv few minutes. It is formal, and I want to get 
it through; because the chairman of the commit- 
tee in the other House says iL is very necessary 
to have the bills sent over to-day. 
PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk 
will proceed to read the bill. 
Mr. GREEN. The reading of the bill can be 
dispensed with; and I will point out— 
Mr. G WIN. I hope the Senator from Mis- 
souri will allow me 
The PRESIDENT The Senator 
from Missouri refuses to yield the flooc. He 
asks the Senate to dispense with the reading of 
It requires unanimous consent, 
the bill. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think we ought to have it 
I should like to hear it. 
read . 
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill. The 
Territory to be orcanized is within the following 
limits: commencing nt a point in the main chan- 
nel of the Red River of the North, where the forty- 
ninth degree of north latitude crosses it; thence 
up the main channel of that river, and along the 
boundary of the State of Minnesota, to Big Stone 
thence along the boundary line of the State 
lake; 
of Minnesota to the Iowa line; thence along the 
boundary line of the State of Iowa to the point of 
intersection between the Big Sioux and the Mis- 
souri rivers; thence up the Missouri river, and 
along the boundary line of the Territory of Ne- 
braska, to the mouth of the Niobrara or Running 
Water river; thence followina np that river, in 
the middle of the main channel, to the mouth of 
the Keha Paha or Turtle Hill river; thence up 
that river to the forty-third parallel of north lati- 
tude; thence due west to the present boundaryof 
the State of Oregon; thence along the boundary 
line of the State of Oregon and Ter- 
ritory to the forty-ninth degree of north latitude; 
thence east, along the forty-ninth degree of' north 
latitude, to the place of beginning. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. would that the 
reading of this long bill be dispenscd with, ctniess 
some one desires it. 
If it. is a copy of the terri- 
torial bill which we passed the other day, we all 
understand it. 
Mr. GREEN. Certainly it is. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Do I understand that it is 
preciselv a copy? 
I'vlr. GREEN. I will name every variation. 
A bill (No. 778) the of Mr. TRUMBULL. The boundaries,ofcourse, 
Elizabeth Yancey, widow of John Yancev•, and differ• 
A bill (No. 925) grunting a pension to M. Mr. DOUGLAS. There is an oversight dis- 
closed in the boundary which has been read that 
Plympton. 
requires chan&ino. 
The message further announced that the I-louse 
had concurred in the amendments of the Senate to Mr. GREEN. I have already got that marked 
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 62) for the benefit to change it. 
I move, in the nineteenth line of 
of George H. Giddings. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
the first section, to strike out the words " State 
of Oregon," and insert " ' rcrritory of Washing- 
ton;' • and in the twentieth line, to strike out the 
The message fl.u•ther announced that the House 
State ofOrégon and. 
I will explain why that. is. 
had ordered, on the 15th instant, at twelve o'clock This was drawn from an old model furnished to 
i and fifty-five minutes, the peint.ing ofa memorial me by my predecessor, when Oregon carne up to 
I of the Legislature of the 'Iterritory of Karlsas, the sumrnit of the Rocky N'lountuins; l)üt since 
asking an appropriation of money for the payment Oregon was admitted as a State, the remainder of 
of claims awarded to citizens of Kansas by the Oregon Territory was attached to the Territory 
claim commissioners. 
of Washington, and it is therefore necessary for 
