1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
us to say " Washington, '-' instead of Oregon," 
in. fixing the boundary. 
The amendment •,vas agreed to . 
Mr. KING. 'The usual practice of the Senate 
has been to present petitions as the first thing in 
order in the morning hour, and I move to post- 
pone this bill for a few minutes for that purpose; 
or,- if-there be no objection, I will present my peti- 
tions without making that motion. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 have objection. 
I want to 
get through with this bill. 
Mr. KING. I move to postpone the present 
order of business until an opportunity can be had 
for the presentation of petitions, memorials, and 
reports. 
Mr. GREEN. we a special order yes- 
terday, and I think we can get through with it in 
I hope, therefore, the Senate will 
half an hour. 
vote down the motion of the Senator from New 
York. 
Mr. KING. we ought to have this little cour- 
tegy of being allowed to present these papers. 
We do not x,Vant to bring them here morning after 
morning, to be presented. The usual practice 
has been to allow petitions to be presented as the 
It is first in order. I do not want to 
first thing. 
postpone the bill if I can help it; but as the pre- 
sentation of petitions is objected to, 1 must make 
the motion. 
Mr. LATHAM. I call for tho yeas and nays. 
T ho yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. GREEN. I want to know who will kill 
the territorial bills, for I shall never call them up 
agam. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 desire simply to say one 
word. I dislike very much to disagree with my 
friend from New York, but we havc this strug- 
gle almost daily, and waste away the morning 
hour. It will take ten or fifteen minutes to debate 
the question and take the yeas and nays. W c 
have the territorial bills up. They are important. 
They were assigned for this hour. We are in the 
midst of them. Now comes in a motion to post- 
pone thern, and to bring in other things. If the 
Senator from New York had had the floor upon 
a bill, I should have insisted on his retaining it 
until he was through. We lose much time by 
this course, and I hope he Will not persist. 
Mr. KING. It will be necessary to have some 
more definite rule, such as they have in tho House 
of Representatives, if thc practice which-we have 
been falling into lately be persisted in by-the Sen- 
ate. T herc is a scramble for the floor in the 
morning which we ought not to have here. MT e 
should do business a great deal better by going 
on in regular order. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair re- 
quests Senators to refrain from loud conversa- 
tion, which so seriously interrupts the body in its 
business. 
Mr. KING. 1 think it much better we 
Mr. GREEN. In the ninth section, sixty- 
sixth line, I move to strike out " Oregon" and 
In the tenth section, four- 
insert Nebraska." 
teenth line, to strike out Oregon" and insert 
Nebraska." This is in relation- to the fees of 
the clerk and marshal, so that they shall receive 
the same as offcers in Nebraska Terrttory. 
The amendment was agrced to. 
Mr. GREEN. On consultation with the chair- 
man of the committee in the House of Represent- 
atives, have agreed to move to strike out, in the 
the words, in the forty-fifth line, 
ninth section, 
after the word " dollars," down to the fiftieth line, 
I will read the words to be 
to the word '6 and." 
stricken out: 
Except that a writ of error or appeal shall be allowed to 
the Supre.mc Court of the United States from the decision 
of tho said supreme court created by this act. or of any , 
judge thereof; or of the district courts created by this act, 
or of any judge thereof, upon any writ of habeas corpus 
involving the question of personal freedom." 
The existing law covers the entire case any- 
how, and therefore there is no necessity for this 
clause. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 should be obliged to the 
Senator from Missouri if he x.vould point my at- 
tention to what existing law there is that covers 
that provision, if it be stricken out. 
Mr. GREEN. The remainder of the same 
section is: 
And cackl of the said district courts *hall have and exer- 
cise the, same jurisdiction in ail cases arising under tbe 
Constitution and laws of the United States as is vested in 
i the circuit and district courts of the United States ; and the 
paid supremo an(l district courts of the said 'Yerritory, and 
the respective judges thereof, shall and inn y grant writs of 
habeas corpus in ail cases in which the same are grantable 
I by the judges of the United States inn the District of Co- 
lumbia. 
That covers the same thing precisely. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am nol satisfied that that 
does cover it. The one provides for an appeal 
to the Supreme Court in the case of an issue in- 
vol ving personal freedom. The other provides for 
of habeas corpus. Onc is a matter 
of habea*' corpus, and the other a matter of appeal. 
They are entirely diffCnrent matters. This pro- 
vision of the bill has a history. During the 
pendency of the compromise measures of ]850, 
It was suggested that unless this provision was 
inserted in the territorial bills, if a person was 
mistaken.' thereau:y necessitytor- ihat•appeal 
in case of habeas: fib, 
of the same section-At says -that corpus 
shall be tried in a-II cases, and: the. rightofrappeal 
shall •exist. in all cases, as •it now. •exists inr„täht, 
District of Columbia, Is not that satisfactory? 
That, is the reason that -1 -made this;motion. 
thought the bill, as it stood,ilooked -like. a sort 
of. multiplication . of unnecessary wordS. rl"liig 
amendment involves •.no -quesoon between the 
northern and southern States, between, the slavery 
and the -anti-Slavery sentiment. 
I-t is simply for 
the purpose of simplifying- the bill, and bringing 
it down, so that we can comprehend it; with legs 
tautology than has heretofore. been found in ter- 
ritorial bills. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I only desire the Senate -to 
understand •preciSely what- they are asked to do. 
I shall not' argue its but simply to it' the 
I do not think that I am 
attention of the Senate. 
mistaken as to the effect Of •it. The amendment 
is to strike out these words: 
Except that a writ of error-or appeal shalFbe allowed, to 
the Supreme Court of the United States from 
of the said supreme court created by this act., or of any judge 
thereof, or of the district courts created by'.this act, or of 
any judge thereof, upon any writ of habeas corpus— 
What else ? 
involving the question of personal freedpm. 
It is where there is a case of habeas corpus in- 
valving personal freedom, that the appeal is aim 
lowed by the original bill. The objection used 
to be that, inasmuch as an appeal could not be 
takcn to the Supreme Court of the United States 
except where the amount in controversy was 
$1,000, and the slave might•not be worth 
If the local court decided against his freedom when 
it came up on a writ,' of-habeas corpus, tliequestion 
could not come before the Supteme Court 'Of the 
United States. Toobviate;that; we provided thut 
the slave might appeal to the Supreme Court of 
the United States, and try the question of freedom 
there. Now, •this is a proposition to repeal so 
much of the law as gives the alleged slave the 
right of appeal when the decision is madc against 
If tho other sided' the 
him in the local court. 
Chamber, or this side, desire to deny that right 
of appeal, a right that has existed since 
the clause was inserted then for the express pur- 
pose of giving it—all I have to do is to ask- for the 
arrested as a slave who claimed his freedom, he 
yeas and nays on the adoption of this amendment. 
could not get an appeal to thc Supreme Court of 
I repeat, the next clause does not covsr the ques- 
the United States to have thc qucstion tried, for 
tion; the next clause relates merely "to th(yright 
the reason that the value of the slave might not 
to issue writs of habeas-corpus, and does not give 
be $1,000, and hence he could not avail himself 
the right of appeal when the decision is fwainst 
In order to enable a 
of the benefit of the right. 
the person claiming his freedom. The simple 
person claimed as a slave, but who claimed toe 
be free, to bring his suit for personal freedom and II question in in åis amendment is whether 
to have an appeal to the Supreme Court of the ii you deny tn the alleged slave claiming his 
freedom, the right to appeal, or not. I ask for the 
I yeas and nays on the amendment. 
United States, this provision was inscrtcd. 
i presume the Senators who wrere mombers of the 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
I body at that day will recollect the aroument upon Mr. GREEN. I merely wish to make this 
It was adopted, according to my recollection, 
should take this business in its order. It will take it. 
remark: am .sa•tisfiedexwi€h it in or with; -it out. 
but a few moments, probably, to dispose Of the unanimously, after the necessities of it had been 
do not see the object of the arnend„ I have moved the amendment at the instance of 
petitions and reports, and then this bill connes up as 
pointed out. 
the chairman of the Committee on Territories of 
a matter of course. Petitions and other business I ment striking it out. 
Is it to deny to a person 
I know it will not amount to 
the other House. 
I am disposed to let the who is claimed as a slave, but who claims that he 
have been crowded out. 
is free, the privilege of appeal if the local court a feather cither way, for the law covers' the- case 
Senato decide the question; but, in my judgment, 
it expedites the business to do things in their decides against his freedom? That seems to be II a 
the Senator thinks a slave ought to have this priv- 
I the cffcct; cannot see any other, unless some i 
ilege of appeal, do not think so. If one is 
order. 
Mr. G T,'VIN. Before this vote is taken I will reason for striking out be given. As it now is, 
wrongfully held in slavery, and wants to claim the 
state that I am as anxious as any member Of this I a person claimed as n slave has a right to brirw 
b right to appeal to the court, he ought to have it; 
body to pass the territorial bills; but I have a his suit for freedorn, and if the local court decides 
but not so with onc ivho- is rightfully held in sla- 
against him he has the right of appeal. This 
report from the Committee on the Post Office 
very. However, I am perfecily willing for it to 
and Post Roads to make, on a question Of amendment takes away thc right of appeal in the 
be strickcn outs or perfectly willing for. it to be 
consequence to my State, and to a portion of these event of the local court deciding aoainst him. 
Territories, at least; and that is in regafd to the Why should that appeal be taken away? We ! j retained. The law covers the case already, if 
assage through Congress of a systen-l of over- 
inserted it ten yoars ago for the express purpose 
tology; and therefore I am content in either 
and mails. - All I want is to make my report, and of giving the right of appeal in such cases. 
case. 
have it printed, so that it can come up for consid- i I 
should certainly like to know some reason for 
Mr. DOUGLAS. One word more. .1t cannot 
eration. i consider it due to the committee that striking it out of this bill. 
be allowed to go off on the ground that i am 
they should have it broughtup and considered at Mr. GREEN. The Senator is a little mistaken. 
wishing to give a slave, and not a free man, the 
The clause that I propose to strike out, is not the 
right of appeal. This is a case where a •person 
an early day. 
clause that gives a right of appeal where personal 
The question being taken on Mr. KING'S mo- 
is claimed as a slave, who claims that he is free, 
tion by ycas and nays, resulted—yeas 11, nays I freedom is Involved; and if hc will read it over 
and the question to be tried is, whether is entitled 
again, he will discover his mistake. It is the right 
to his freedom or not; and the Senatorfrom Mis- 
30; as follows: 
, of appeal in cases arising on habeas corpus, and 
souri pronoses to deprive him of the right of ap- 
YEAS— Messr.*. Bingharn, Crittenden, Douglas, Gwin 
I iViil read it again: 
peal in a casc which involves the. questiOn of his 
Ileinphiil, Kennedy, King, Nicholson, Sebastian, Si,mmong, 
nothing else. 
I propose to let -him have an appeal to 
NAYS—NTessrs. Baker, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Chandler, That a writ 0? error or appeal *hali be ailowed to the, 
and 
freedom. 
Supreine Court of the United States from the decision of 
ascertain whether he is a slave or freeman. 
Clark, Dixon, Doolitlle. Dtu•kee, Fesscnden, Fitch. Foot, 
the s:üd suprelue court created by act. or of' any .judue, 
Mr. TRUN'IBULL. This provision operates 
I!tunter, Johnson of rrennessee, 
thereof; or of tl:e district courts created by this act. or of 
Fost0f, Green. 
Lane. Mason, Poik, Powell, Rice. Ten 
any judge thereof, upon any writ of habeas corpus involving il both ways, and not one way, as my colleague 
Evck, Trumbul}, VVade, VVigfalI, Wilkinson, and the question of personal freed01n. 
supposes. As it stands h6re, it involves the right 
430. 
So the motion was not agreed to. 
it is no other case; and the Senator is entirely of appeal in a case where the decision is in favor 
