948 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 16, 
o.fthe slave, (if you please to call him BO , ) as well as 
where it is against him. Suppose . the court in 
the Territory decides that the man is free: then 
the person claiming to hold him as a slave may 
take an appeal, just as a person who should be 
decided to be a slave m•lght take an appeal, the 
decision being against him. Now, the object of 
striking out these words is to take away the right 
of appeal, as understand it, in both cases. It is 
not allowed in other cases in the United States. 
An appeal- is not allowed from the decision of a 
United States judge in, the State of Illinois, on 
questioninvolVing personal freedom, either by the 
person who claims to hold the slave, or by the 
slave himself, -to the Supreme Court of the United 
States. Tl'his is an innovation upon the general 
I was not in the 
law. The object is evident. 
committee, but it is apparent that the object of 
striking out the clause is to leave that class of 
cases just where they are left in all the States. 
There was another clause of the Kansas-Nebraska 
bill, which is not in this bill that my colleague has 
alluded to, and I think he has confounded ihe two 
together. There was a clause in that bill which al- 
lowed an appeal to the Supreme Court of the United 
States in all cases, without regard to the value in 
controversy, where the title to slaves was involved. 
That clause is notin this bill at all, and that clause 
has nothing to do with the one which we are now 
considering. It is not necessary for me to imaøine 
what the reasons were for striking it out; but that 
is an entirely distinct matter. The matter in con- 
tröversy here has nothing to do with that case, for 
it is simply giving appeals to the Supreme Court 
of the United States in habeas corpus cases, That 
ig not done anywhere else, and there is just as 
much necessity for it in the States as there svould 
I merely wish to have the 
be in the Territories. 
mattcr understood. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. My colleague has shown the 
propriety of having the bill read, and I shall now 
be under the necessity of calling for the reading 
of the entire bill, He discloses the fact that an- 
other important provision v,/hich has been usual 
in "I'erritorial bills, and uniformly inserted from 
1850 down, is omitted in this one. These tsvo 
provisions—the one he has last called attention to 
m regard. to the tillc to slave property, and tl'KXt 
in regard to questions of personal freedom—were 
both inserted in 1850, after full debate, upon the 
ground that if the master of a slave brought a suit 
in the Territories for the recovery of his slave, 
and the decision of the local court should be 
wrainst him, he might appeal; and if, on the con- 
trary, the person who was alleged to be a slave 
brought his suit for personal freedom, he might 
appeal. It was to give Supreme Court the 
right to hear the decisions of the local courts upon 
th'at point. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will my colleague 
me, right Ihare? I suppose 
The PRESIDENT pro The Senators 
will suspend their remarks. The hour of one 
o'clock having arrived, it is incumbent on the 
Chair, under the rules of the Senate, to call up 
for consideration the unfinished business of yes- 
terday, which is the tariff bill. 
Mr. GREEN. i would suggest to the Senator 
from New York, [Mr. KING,] that it will be in 
order for him to move to postpone this bill, in 
order to present his petitions. 
MESSAGIF, FROM HOUSE. 
A message from thc House of Representatives, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 154) 
for the relief of Randall Pegg. 
The message farther announced that the House 
had concurred in the amendments of the Senate 
to the bill (H. R. No.554) to extend the right of 
appeal from decisions of circuit courts to the Su- 
preme Court of the United States. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
had signed the following enrolled bills and joint 
resold tion: 
A bill (S. No. 125) for the relief of John Pee- 
bles; 
A bill (S. No. 274) for tho relief of Townsend 
Harris, or his heirs or legal representatives; 
A bill (H. R. No. 623) for the relief of Wil- 
liam Cowino•, 
A bill R. No. 554) to extend the right of 
appeal from decisions of the circuit courts to the 
Supreme Court Of the United States; and 
A joint resolution (I-I. R. No. 62) for the ben- 
efit df George H. Giddings. 
PATENT LAWS. 
The message further announced that the House 
of Representatives insists on itsm-nendments to 
the bill of the Senate (No. 10) in addition to "An 
act to promote the progress of the useful arts," 
disagreed to by the Senate; d isagrees to the arnend- 
ments of the Senate to certain other amendments 
of the House of Representatives to the said bill; 
asks a. conference on the disagreeing votes of the 
two Houses thereon; and hasappointed Mr. WIL- 
LIAM E. NIBLACK of Indiana, Mr. CHARLES B. 
HOARD of New York, and Mr. E. B. WASH- 
BURNE of Illinois, the committee on the part of 
the House. 
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, the Senate pro- 
ceeded to consider the amendments of the House 
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 10) in addi- 
tion to "An act to promote the progress of the use- 
ful arts," and the amendments of the Senate to 
other amendments of the House thereto. 
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was 
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its disagreement 
to the amendments of the House of. Representatives to the 
said bill insisted on by the House, and upon its amendments 
to other amendments of the House, aud that it agree to the 
conference asked bv the House of Representatives on the 
disagreeing votes or the two Houses thereon. 
on motion of Mt. BIGLER, the Preside 
tempore was authorized to appoint the com ittee 
on the part of the Senate. 
THE TARIFF BILL. 
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, 
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 
338) to provide for the payment of outstanding 
Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate 
and fix the duties on imports, and for other pur- 
poses. The select committee had reported an 
amendment to strike out all after the enactinff 
clause of section thirty, in the following words: 
'I'hat froin and after the day and year aforesaid, any and 
all goods, wares, or merchandise from any töreign 
countries, and entered warehousing or deposited in the 
public stores in consequence or the duties not being paid, 
Shall bc so entered or deposited, subject to the followimr 
conditions, to wit: that the saine shall be withdrawn from 
the warehouse or public. stores within thirty days from the 
tit•ne and date ot- tae cntry, for domcsüc consumption, and 
the diities thereon shall be duly paid in cash at the tilne of 
such withdrawal, or be thereafter prohibited from being 
withdrawn, except iör the purpose of exportation beyond 
the Iftnits the United States ; and in no case shall any 
goods, wares, or rnerehandise, as aforesaid, so inmorted 
and entered and deposited fi)t• warehousing, be entitled or 
permitted to be entered tor (ionicstic consumption, unless 
the same has been so withdrawn within the time heretoföre 
mentioned : Proeid.cd, 'l'hat goods, wares, or Inerchandise 
which shall have been withdrawn as aforesaid, and which 
shall have been exported and lauded beyond the lirnits of 
the United States, may be from thence duly reimported in 
the, saine manner provided for in the first instance: Pro- 
•vided also, 'I'hat this section shall not apply to goods, wares, 
aud tncrchandise irnportcd frorn beyond the Capc of Good 
or Cape I-Torn nnti\ the 1st of January, 1861 : Pro- 
vided further, 'I'hat all acts or parts o? acts relating to the 
subject-matter herein embraced, and inconsistent there- 
, arc hercby repealcd.P 
And to insert in lieu thereof, the followincr: 
That on all goods, wares, and merchandise, rcmaining 
deposit in warehouse or pubiic stores, on the 1st day of 
July, A. D. 1831, the duties shao be paid within ninety 
days thereafter, and on ail deposited after the said 1st day 
ot• July, the duties shall be paid Ivithin ninety days frotn 
the tune of deposit. 'I'he said goods on which the duties 
have been paid Inay bc ut any time withdrawn iör con- 
surnption, and fnay be t.afr.en out fin-exportation beyond the 
limits of the United States, any t.imc within six months 
from the time of the payment of duties thereon; and on 
so exported, 
have not been presented to the Senate. This bill 
itself, as a whole, is a very great change of the 
present mode of conducting much in the business 
of the country dependent upon the revenue law, 
and great changes in business are undesirable. I 
remember very well when this Narehousinm sys- 
tern was adopted. It was a subject of very grave 
and serious discussion and debate some years 
It has operated '•,vell for 
before it was adopted. 
the mercantile classes. This bill, in all its pro- 
visions, bears upon the commerce of the country; 
and, in my judgment, it-would be well, in levying 
the increased duties which we are compelled to 
do for revenue, if vy'e should relieve that class 
from what they may consider a very great injury 
to their business, by leaving them the warehouse 
system as it is. Let it alone; and leave it to them 
so as not to interrupt in that vv'ay their business. 
I They have been in the habit of imporling a large 
amount of goods, and storing them in the ware- 
houses; which, whenever they are wanted by the 
country, arc taken from the warehouses, and the 
duty paid. If they are to be reéxported, of course 
the revenues of the country, and the interests of 
this country particularly, are not effected, except 
that our own people have had the carriace over 
the sea and the transportation of them, and the 
increase which that has given to their commerce. 
I hope, therefore, that the warehousing system 
will be left undisturbed. I have no disposition, 
however, to extend the discussion on this matter 
unnecessarily. I believe it is pretty well under- 
stood by the Senate; and I hope thc amendment 
of my colleague will prevail. 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like to have the Sen- 
ator inform us what is the character of the goods 
that are generally left in the warel)ouses over the 
period of one year? For whose benefit, or for 
what particular branch of trade, is this warehous- 
ing to be used? I understand from the Senator 
from Rhode Island that almost the whole amount 
of goods that are kept in warehouse over twelve 
months arc liquors. 
Mr. SEWARD. Oh, no. 
Mr. GRIMES. I understood him to say so. 
Mr. KING. They remain with other goods, 
undoubtedly; but there are all sorts of goods 
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Rhode Island 
said they were nearly all liquors that remain there 
over a year. 
Mr. SIMMONS. desire to say a word on 
I am notgoing to detain the Senate, 
this subject. 
The Senator from New York yesterday stated that 
this warehousing system was a great advantage to 
the commerce of the country; that a large amount 
of these goods in the warehouse were reshipped, 
and thus added a great deal to the carrying trade. 
I took the pains this morning to find out what 
proportion of the foreign goods were réexported. 
i find that, from 1821 to 1826, the importation of 
foreign merchandize bore a proportion of twenty- 
I two per cent. to the whole imports. 
Mr. SUMNER. During what time? 
Mr. SIMMONS. From 1821 to -1826 twenty- 
two per cent. of the foreign goods ',vas reshipped 
in our own vessels. From i827 to 1837, thirteen 
i and a half per cent. were reshipped. From 1837 
to 1841, there werc cight pot cent. reshipped; and, 
since this warehousino• system has come into op- 
eration, there were but five and three fourths per 
cent. The amount reshipped is not one quarter 
what it was before we had this system. 
merely a plan to get credit on duties—nothing 
Mr. GRIMES. What was the character of the 
goods ? 
Mr. SIMMONS. In 1857, the first year I took, 
there were $56,487,000 in warehouse, as I stated 
yesterday, the duties on which would amount to 
i There x.vas but one schedule of 30 
per cent. , and that was on wines, brandies, and 
I liquors; and there were not enough of those 
the warehouses, at 30 per cent. , to make out the 
the duties thereon Shakl be retUnded' E duties by #10,000. I tl'kink it is a kind of place 
The message further announced that the House deducting onc per centum but no duties shall be refunded 
had ordered to-day, at twelve o'clock and sixteen on goods, wares, or merchandise withdrawn morc than six 
months after the time the duties were paid thereon. 
minutes, the printing of letter from the Secre- 
Mr. SENNA RD had moved to amend the amend- 
tarv of War, in answer to a resolution of the 
House, calling for a copy of the official letter of ment by striking out " ninety days," and insert- 
George P. Ihrie, late first lieutenant of the third ing three years;" and the pending question was 
on this arnendment to the amendment. 
regiment of United States artillery. 
Mr. KING. This proposition, Mr. President, 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. 
was the subject of some debate yesterday; but 
Themesage fuFthevannounced that the Speaker there are considerations connected with it which 
where [hey quarter this corruption fund. They 
can take it out and change the liquors as they 
II have a mind to. 
I 'yvant to see it stopped. I do 
II 
not desire to embarrass commerce. I am 
willing to crive as Inucll time as an v reasonable 
man thinks we can afford to rive credit; for this 
i, is sirnply a plan to give credu 011 the duties. 
1 
i am willing to give it for three months, or five 
have no particular so- 
i months, or six months. 
