1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE: 
licitude about it. 
1 do not want to hurt com- 
mcrce; but i do not think this Government is in 
a condition to give three years' credit on duties, 
and hire money at 12 per cent. ourselves. That 
is the only objection I ' have to it. 
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, 1 did nothear, 
and if I had, I should not, perhaps, have the facts 
with which to enable me to answer, the statement 
of the honorable Senator from Rhode Island, about 
the relative amount of the goods that are reshipped 
after being kept in the public warehousv. I sup- 
pose that depends on the. fluctuations m trade, 
owing to the peculiar circumstances and condition 
of t.he country. Bat rise to rnake another point; 
and that is, that the credit which is given is nota 
credit; because, if there were no such privilege 
allowed as receiving these goods into thc store- 
houses to be kept, there would be only the quan- 
tity of goods imported into the country at any 
one time which the of the market at 
that time should require, and it would be an im- 
portation into different ports, instead of into two 
or three prominent ports wh ich are the great entre- 
pots of foreion commerce—such as New York, 
New Orleans, and San Francisco. The goods are 
brought here and deposited in these warehouses, 
chiefly for the purpose of beinrr reéxported to for- 
eign countries without paying any duty, or being 
sent coastwise to other ports iii the United States. 
There is, on the part of the merchant, every 
burden necessary; and every indi.lcement is of- 
fer•ed to him to pay the duties as soon as hc can 
advantageously seik the goods, either in out own 
markets or in foreign countries; for, in the first 
place, he has to lay out of all the interest on the 
capital which is in vested i*the goods; in the next 
place, he has to pay insurancc upon the goods; 
he has to take the risk of the market; and he has, 
besides that, to bear the loss in the deterioration, 
the depreciation of the goods. Since stress has 
been laid upon the fact that a considera ble amount 
of foreign goods which arc imported aud deposited 
in these warehouses are wines and liquors, it is 
proper to state that he has to suffer a loss of not 
less than 5 per cent. per annum upon an averacre 
of all the liquors which he has in store, by waste 
from evaporation and deterioration of the article. 
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, r gather from 
the character of this bill and the tenor of the de- 
bate of its advoc•ates, that it is avowedly now a 
tariff for protection; for revenue as incidental, but 
for protection primarily. I am very little convers- 
ant with mercantile matters, the arcana of trade— 
and there are arcana about it; but I am at some 
loss to know in what way this great end of pro- 
tcctior-i is to be attained by abolishing the ware- 
house system. It is to be attained in some way, 
I do not doubt, incidentally; it is to be attained 
at the expense of the great importing mercantile 
the protection of the laws, after he come-s here 
finds it desirable .to bring any portion of his prop- 
erty with him, he should do it, and do it v,'ithout 
let or hindrance. But this Government obtains a 
portion of its revenue upon importations, which 
It has a right to do. The policy of that law goes 
no further than this: if property of any kind iS 
brought into this country, either to be enjoyed 
here, or still more, to be sold here, the Govern- 
meat makes an exaction upon it. That is the 
whole policy of the revenue laws fairly adminis- 
tered and fairly expounded. If it is the purpose 
of the importer to sell it, or to enjoy it here as 
property, then the Government imposes an exac- 
tion in the form ofa duty; but if it is not brought 
here for that purpose, or, if being brou@ht here, 
it is not used for that purpose, then demand upon 
what principle of morals or political ethics can the 
Government exact a duty merely becausc it is 
brought in? Nor is such the policy of the laws, 
as I understand them. The Government, in other 
words, is only interested in taking care that its 
revenue laws shall not be evaded. but shall be 
complied with. 
Now, what are its revenue laws? what is its 
revenue policy? The revenue policy only is, that 
if property is brought here from abroad, either for 
sale or consumption in this country, the duty shall 
I deny, then, absolutely that the 
be imposed. 
mere fact ofbringing property here gives the Gov- 
ernment thc right to exact a duty, when, under 
the existing laws, if I understand them correctly, 
after the duty is paid, if the merchandise is reéx- 
ported, there i* a drawback, the whole policy of 
the Government being not to exact the duty unless 
the merchandise is sold consumed here. 
Now, what is the policy of the warehousing 
system? 'l"he merchants understand their interest 
and their occupation in life far better than 
understand it and regulate it for their benefit by 
legislation. As vvas said by the Senator from 
New York, abolish the warehousing system and 
tbc result will be that vou restrict trade to this 
extent: nothing will be brought in that is not 
brought into an exacted market where there is a 
sale for it; because otherwise the merchant would 
not only be losing thc benefit of so Inuch capital 
as was used in paying the duty, but, at the same 
time, he would be losincr the fruit of the dcad cap- 
ital upon his hands in form of merchandise. 
Then, I should say this is for the. benefit of trade. 
We ace all interested in that. We are all inter- 
ested in having what the political economists call 
emphatically a market—some place where any 
trader can co with a knowledge that he can buy 
there, at any moment, anythinff that is for sale in 
any part of the world. That the character of 
London, as I understand it. 'I'hat makes London 
II the great market of the world, built up by this very 
interests of the country. The reasons that have system of deposi' called warehousing. A man 
been assigned by honorable Senators on the other 
side for abolishing this system are not only not 
satisfactory to my m:nd, but (without intending 
any offense, which I do not) those reasons seem 
to me evasions. 
The honorable Senator from Rhode Island, who 
has charge -of this bill chiefly, [Mr. SIMMONS,] 
spoke of it as giving a credit for the goods thus 
warehoused, and that. that credit should not be 
too extensive. The Senator from Pennsylvania 
[Mr. CAMERON] spoke of it as a right to exact 
the payment of duties, å debt; and to illustrate it, 
he said that if this right of the United States werc 
enforced by law now, we could exact at once the 
ordinary customs upon the whole amount of im- 
I take issue with 
portations now in warehouse. 
I say there is no debt, no due, no 
him at once. 
can go to London witli tbc knowledge that he can 
I buy in London any kind of merchandise which 
can be found in any part of the world. That can 
only bc by the merchants being allowed to bring 
mcrchandise into the port in advance of any de- 
mand in the market. 
So it has been, as I understand, in New York. 
It is done at great cost, to the importer; for he not 
only loses the outlay for the freight and the insur- 
ance, but he loses the outlay, as was well said 
here, of the interest upon the capital that is in- 
vcsted. But yet they do it; and they do it because 
the trade authorizes and calls for it. However, 
for some hidden reconditc schcmc of protection, 
that is to be taken away. Commerce is to be taxed 
in some way, for some cause yet undisclosed, and 
i restricted and embarrassed in its operation, for 
I the purpose, in some mode, of benefiting the tnan- 
right, either in fair political ethics or in the exist- 
ing law, making provision for the payment of I ufacturer. 
I cån view it in no other light; and I 
duties; none whatever. Certainly, in political can see no propriety in the world in denying to 
the merchants the liberty of making a deposit on 
quantity. .thereany objection:to its 
posited in the. country on that-aceount?- If there 
be a policy to prohibit it,let it be done;- -butkif i4 
beallowed to,come, I cannot, in the range. of my 
comprehension, see why it should not be allowed 
to remain on deposit here as well as abroad. 
will it diminish the revenue. i cannot appreciate 
at. all th«nuggestions of.honorable Senators, t.htü. 
the Government i8 delayed -in the cpliecLion pf i*.e 
revenue. No revenue attaches, no revehue ought 
to attach, until it is used in the. couritryfor sale 
or consumption; and, until then, it is a bare. de-, 
1 deny, therefore, that -the revenue is 
posit. 
affected by itin the slightest degree. 
If there be 
any reason why this burden should be thrown 
upon the importing Interest„ the commercial in, 
terest, for the benefit of the manufacturer, let it 
be disclosed; for. it has not been disclosed so far, 
as understand it. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Presidents as: 1 un- 
derstand- the advantage of this warehousing sys- 
tem, it is to prevent Injury. from extreme priced, 
If you do not have it, a'nd goods are very low, the 
importers may be ruined; they get no remuneray 
tion. If, on the other hand, goods.should be highs 
the consumers suffer. •By taking a poktion, of the 
goods, therefore, that come in at plentiful time» 
and depositing them in warehouse, the result is, 
that before prices get very high, they.are with- 
drawn. It prevents theextreme vibrationsoftradg, 
either high or low. It is upon the same principle 
that you have a reservoir of water: by takingouta 
portion of the water when it is plenty, you get 
It on deposit as it were, and it can be distributed 
when you want a large quantity in time of fil',c. 
This is a sort of balance wheel, which prevents 
the extreme vibrations of trade from high to low, 
and therefore is advantage to the communi_ty. 
If you destroy it, the consumers are liable to 
suffer. When there is a gFeat scarcity in the 
market, of course the consumers suffer, and that 
benefits the manufacturers. 
back upon commerce, för, by having the ware- 
housing system, goods are imported and depose 
ited, and they are sold at such times as -the com- 
munity need them. If you destroy that system, 
of course you discourage importation; you throw 
the consumers upon the hands or at the mercy of 
the home manufacturers in high priges. 
very well understand, therefore, that\ the protec- 
lionist, or rather the prohibitionist, ,the men who 
want to prevent foreign trade, desire- to break 
down this-warehousing system ; but it is obviously 
for the benefit of the consumer. It enables the 
consumer to get goods on cheaper terms, and at 
the same time protects the merchant from ruin- 
I hope, therefore, we shall 
ously low prices. 
have no change in the system. 
Mr. B[GLER. i do not rise for the purpose of 
discussing the merits of this question, or tracing 
its particular operation. I desire to remind Sen- 
ators, however, that, prior to 1854, the- time al- 
lowed for storing goods . was one year. The 
law of March, 1854, extended it to two years 
have 
longer; making altogether three years. 
been under the impression that the original law 
was suffcient for the protection of commerce; and 
I am quite disposed to reinstate the original law, 
and to go back to the original policy on this sub- 
ject. While I shall not vote for the amendment 
of the Senator from New York, I desire to say 
that I will vote for the amendment intended to be 
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts, which 
limits the time to one year, and brings us back to 
the originai warehousmg system. 
Mr. G WIN. Mr. President, the reason the 
time was extended in 1854 was because expe- 
rie.nce proved that it would be beneficial to the 
country, and beneficial to the revenue of the coun- 
try, to extend the term under this warehousin«y 
system. It was a new experiment in this coun- 
morals, the property in the country brought here 
by the importer is as much his absolute property 
after it arrives here as it was before it came here, 
entirely free from any duty qualifying the condi- 
What is there in the policy of the world, in the 
policy of any fair nation in its Intercourse with 
the world, to prohibit or to impose conditions 
upon the bringing into the country of property 
International cour 
erty is? There is nothing. 
tesy, the civilization of the age, the duty between 
man and man, would require that if a foreigner, 
who is allowed to come into this country and has 
our shores, and keeping that deposit there as long try. The law establishing it passed in 1846, and 
is said that those up to 1854 it had been found to be eminently suc- 
as their interests justify it. 
I-low the fact may i 
deposits consist of liquors. 
be, I do not know. I do not know, sir, how far the 
deposit of liquor, of various kinds, may exceed i 
in amount the deposit of other merchandisa, al- 
, though I think it highly probable thatitdoesexceed 
them, for the simple reason that mostof the mer- 
from another country, no matter what the. prop- II cliandise remaining on deposit would be subject 
- to annual decay or loss, while the very loss of the 
liquor improves it in value. We .ali know that 
very great additional value is commonly given to 
it by that very evaporation which diminishes the 
ccssful; but not so successful as it was thought it 
would be by extending the time. 
The Senator from Rhode Island has stated that 
the exportation was only 5 per cent. of the ware. 
I will state that the reéxportation 
house goods. 
of articles imported into the United States has in- 
creased ahnost double, under that system, to what 
It has proved a great benefit to 
it was before. 
the shipping interestofthe country. It has proved 
a great benefit to the cities -where the goods are 
stored. The Senator has frequently alluded to 
