950 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 16, 
the amount of liquors in store. What objection 
is there to that? • Y/ hen they are in store, they 
pay storage; and we know the longer they re- 
main in store, the better they are. They pay 
duty upon what. they put in storehouse, and not 
on the quantity they take out, while in England 
they only -pay duties on what they take out. 
They are enhanced in value by the time they re- 
main in store, and our merchants get the benefit 
of the störage. Altogether, there never has been 
a system that has proved so beneficial to the com- 
mercial interests of the country. 
As far as my own State is concerned, nothing 
could be -more fatal toits prosperity than the de- 
stulction of this warehousiDgzsystem. It is just 
laying the foundation of an extensive trade along 
the whole of the Pacific coast of North and South 
America, and we shall soon extend our trade to 
Asia. The hundreds of millions of inhabitants 
who surround the Pacific ocean will be supplied 
more or less from San Francisco in time. That 
trade would be greatly promoted by this ware- 
housing system. San Francisco will become the 
depot vv'here goods may be stored, and from which 
they will be taken to the thousand islands of the 
Pacific ocean, and the hundreds of millions of 
inhabitants in Asia and the whole of the countries 
north and south of us in North and South Amer- 
ica. i look upon the dcstruction of thc Warc- 
house system as one of the most fatal blows that 
could be struck at the prosperity of California. I 
certainly feel greatly obliged to the Senator from 
Rhode island for extending the time now in the 
bill of the House; but I am utterly opposed to 
disturbing the present system, under which our 
commerce has so prospered, at all. 
The merchant princes of this country, -the sails 
of whose ships whiten every sea and every ocean, 
and whose ships co»ld not have carried the com- 
merce of our country through those occans and 
those seas but for the benefit of this law, were 
characterized yesterday by the Senator from 
Rhode Island as German Jews. I think the Sen- 
ator has done them great injustice. I believe those 
merchant princes, who are carrying our commerce 
everywhere, are as necessary to civilization almost 
as Christianity itself. The Senator from Virginia 
said the other day, that the destruction of this 
warehousing system would be almost as bad to the 
city of New York as the shelling of it by a foreign 
enemy. I may add, it would bc more fatal in its 
effects; because from war you can recover; but 
when commerce is oncestri.cken down, you cannot 
renovate it. 
I believe we are now the first com- 
mercial nation in the world in point of tonnaae•, 
q•nd it is attributable in a great-degree to the ware- 
housing system. If we should retrograde at all, 
others, our competitors, will take our place, and 
we shall never overtake them again. 
I believe 
our failure to have steam connection, and lines of 
steamships conveying our mails along the Gulf 
of Mexico, and the whole coast of South America 
on the Pacific and Atlantic, has given Great Brit- 
ain a great advantao•e over us there in the trade 
with Central America and South America, owing 
to her policy of accommodating trade and sending 
steamships conveying the mails, and thus in- 
creasing her commercial relations with that sec- 
lion of Ehe country. I firmly believe that nothing 
can be more beneficial to the commerce of the 
country than the retaining of this warehousincy 
It is of great importance to my own 
system. 
section of the country. 
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, nothing is 
more oasy than to deal in generaiitics. 
easy to talk about merchant princes, and hun- 
dreds of millions of people, and an immense com. I 
merce; but. when you come to the facts, these 
words are very easily changed. This warehous- 
ing system has added but very little to the com- 
merce of the country. The whole amount of 
foreign goods exported during the last year from 
warehouses was but a Inere trifle, 
benefited by giving thern a reasonable time tol Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; I x,vill make no mo- 
keep their goods in bond; and after that reason- 
able time; let them go out. This is a bill for rev- 
enue; its whole operations are based upon rev- 
enue; the country is now in need of money; and 
you must' pass this bill, or something very much 
like it, or your country will be bankrupt. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 believe the amendment is 
to insert three years. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend- 
ment is to insert three years, in place of ninety 
Mr. POWELL. If I understood the Senator 
from Rhode Island arightamomentago, he stated 
that a large proportion of the goods now in store 
in the •Arehonse was liquors. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 did not saythegoods now 
in warehouse, bccause I do not know what they 
I said that of the goods there on the 1st of 
are. 
July, 1857, they must have been nearly all liquors, 
because they could not amount to the duties on 
them without they were in the 30 per cent. sched- 
ule. 
Mr. POWELL. I will state to Te Senator 
that, on a little investigation of the statistics of this 
matter, I think there are more goods now in store 
in the warehouses in the city of New York than 
the value of the wines, brandies, and liquors of 
every kind imported for the last three years. 
We import annually about $10,000,000 value of 
liquors of all kinds. There is now, at this mo- 
ment, in store in the warehouses in New York, 
#30,000,000 of merchandise. 
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr.\DOUGLAS (when' his name was called) 
said: I desire to say that i would prefer a little 
shorter time; but I prefer this amendment to tak- 
ing the short time specified in the bill, and there- 
fore I vote " yea. 
'1" hc result was thon announced—yeas 26, nays 
19; as follow's: 
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Bayard, Bragg, Bright, Clingman, 
Doolittle, Douglas, Durkee, Fitch, Green, Gwin, I-leznphiil, 
Huut.cr, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Lanc, Latham, Ma- 
son, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Sebastian, Seward, 
Surnner, and Thomson—26. 
NAYS—Mcssrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bingham, Cameron, 
Chandler, Clark, Crittenden, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Eosi 
tee, Grimes, Harlan, Silnmons, 'I'en Eyck, 'I'rumbull, Wade, 
Wilkinson, and Wilson—19. 
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDENT The question 
recurs on the amendment of -the committee as 
modified, which is, to strike out the section which 
has been read, and insert the matter which also 
has becn read, as modified on motion of the Sen- 
ator from New York. 
Mr. SEWARD. I movcafurthcr amendment, 
to strike out, in the thirty-seventh line, the words 
six months," and to insert threo years.' 
is on the same principle as the' last amendment. 
The Secretary read tho amendment; to strike 
out, in the thirty-seventh line, the words 
six 
months,' 
and to insert 
three years;" 
so that 
the clause will read: 
The said goods. on which the duties have been paid, 
be at any titne withdrawn {Or consumption, and jnav 
be taken out tor exportation beyond the limits of the United 
States at any tirnc within three years frcnn tbc time of the 
pay Inent ot- duties thereon. 
The amendment to the amendment was agreed 
to. 
Mr. SEYVARD. In linc forty-one, I move to 
strike out 
'six months," 
and insert 
years. 
tion about it until I see how it reads as amended. 
I I think it is very bad, I will not offer any amend- 
ment until the bill is printed as it has been amended, 
so that I shall see how it then reads. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 do not care about it; but 1 
would like to bring the bill back by striking out 
all that refers to the warehousing system. If the 
Senator will indicate those portions of the bill, I 
will move to strike out all that relates to the ware- 
housing, so as to leave the warehousing system 
believe it is section thirty. 
just as it is. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator 
from New York moves to amend the bill by strik- 
ing out all that part which relates to the ware- 
housinff system, understood to be section thirty. 
Mr. SEWARD. It the present law in 
force. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment of thc sclcct committee 
was to insert, at the end of the bill as an addi- 
tional sect.ion, the following: 
SEC. 33. -Rnd be it further enacted, That when merchan- 
dice of the same Inaterial or description, but Gf different 
values, are invoiced at an average price, and not otherwise 
provided for, the duty shali be assessed upon the t.vnole 
invoice, at the rate the highest valued goods in such invoice 
are subject to, under this act. The. word vaiued, where 
used in this act, shall be construed and understood as mean- 
ing invoiced or appraised. 
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to this amendment, 
I will suggest to the Senator from Rhode Island, 
that there is an ambiguity in this amendment— 
" meaning invoiced or appraised. 
It rnay be 
invoiced at one price and appraised at another. 
The appraisers sometimes raise the price. It ought 
to be one or the other;to accomplish his object. It 
seems to me it v„rould be better to use the words 
" value, where used in this act, shall be construed 
the foreign value as now ascertained by existing 
laws." 1 suppose that is what he wants: the for- 
ei(yn value as now ascertained by existing law. 
As it stands, there is an ambiguity. The invoiced 
price may be one thing and the appraised price 
another. 
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator has got at what 
we mean. We think that an invoice is the value, 
unless it is undervalued, and the appraisers put it 
up. Then, it is appraised, and that is the value. 
It means tho value in the invoice, or what the ap- 
praisers make it, if they raise rt. That is what 
it means now; but if you can put the meanino in 
a better form of words, I have no objection. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 do not think it means that 
nosv. As to the meaning it will have, it will de- 
pcncl on the Treasury construction whether it 
shall be one thing or the other; but the two things 
are different. Appraisers put the value up very 
often. 
Mr. BIGLER. On that point I will state, that 
seeing the ambiguity of the term " valued," as 
used in the original bill, I went to the Tt•easury 
Department and consulted Mr. Guthrie, the agent 
of the Treasury Department, and he told me the 
term invoiced or appraised" •would meet the 
case, and be understood by the Department to be 
• the foreio•n value, or the foreio•n invoice, at least; 
that they regarded that as correct, and the an 
praised value where the appraisers the 
invoice wras not correct. That is the way I un- 
derstood it, sir. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment •of the select committee 
was to insert, as a new section, at the end of the 
'I'he amendment to the amendment was agreed 
SEC. 34. .flnd be enacted, That all goods, wares, 
to. 
. I aud Inerchandise actuallv shipboard and bound to the. 
Mr. SEWARD. I move, in line thirty-three, United States, within fificcn days after the passage of this 
to strike, out " 
ninety days," and insert 
three act, and all good*, wares, and Inerchandise in (reposit in 
warehouse or public store on the 1st day of Aprii. 1861, 
shall be subject pay such duties as provided by law beföre 
The amendment to the amendment was agreed 'l 
i and at the. timo of the passage of this act ; and all good* in 
to. 
warehouse at the time this act takes effect, on which -the 
The PRESIDENT tempore. The question lessened its provisions, may be on 
recurs on the amendment of the committee as li payment of the duties herein provided. 
The amend ment was agreed to. 
nothing in comparison with the commerce of our amended' 
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to. 
coast. The truth is, the whole benefit of this 
The PRESIDENT pro tonpm•e. The amend- 
warehousing system has been to promote the in- 
Mr. SIMMONS. I was going to move to strike 
menis reported from the select committee have 
terests of the foreign manufacturer, and not to the out the entire section in reference to the ware- now been disposed of. 
commerce of this country. I shall not distress 
you with a speech, because I think in cases of 
this kind, with a decided majority in favor of a 
bili, the cause is always injured by speaking; and I 
1 only rose to mcntion that singlc fact.- The com- 
merce of t.he country is not. goibg to be injured 
by this at all. On the contrary, I thiuk it will be 
houses. It is a mere incumbrance to the bill, and Mr. MASON. I wish to offer an amendment. 
it is a great deal worse than the present law, as I Mr. SIMMONS. If the Senator from Virginia 
expected it would be, if amended and changed. 
! I will yield, the committee l')ave afesv more amend- 
Mr. SEWARD. I now move to strike out from ments to suggest. 
the bill secti0Q thirty. 
Mr. MASON. Certainly. I thought you were 
The PRESIDENT pro The Senator 
from Rhode Island moves to amend the bill— 
The PRESIDENT tempore. The Chair 
