1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
begs leave to suggest, as a matter of practical con- 
venience, that the amendments be made in the 
ordec of the sections. 
Mr. LANE. I desirc to inquire whether this . 
is the proper time to offer my amendrnent to the ! 
The PRESIDENT tetnpore. Does the Sen- 
ator propose a substitute for the whole bill? 
Mr. LANE. Yes, sir. 
The PRESIDENT That question 
will not come. up in order until the origmal bill 
shall have been perfected. If there are other 
amendments to the original bill, they will be first 
in order. 
Mr. LANE. At any rate, my amendment may 
as well be sent up and read. 
The PRESIDENT tentpore. The. amend- 
ment will be received and read for information; 
but it will not be considered in order until after 
the original bill shall have been perfected. 
The Secretary read Mr. LANE'S amendment 
as follows: Strike outall after the enacting clause 
of the, bill, and insert: 
That on all such goods, wares, merchandise, or other arti- 
cles imported from foreign countries, as are lnentioned in 
scheduEes A, B. and C, of an act entitled An act reducincy 
the duty on imborts, and for other purposes," approved the 
30th day of' July, in the year 1846, there shall be levied, 
coliectcd, and paid a duty of 30 pcr centum ad ; 
and that the said act, approved the 30th day of July, in the 
The Secretary read the amendment; and it N,vas Mr. TEN EYCK* Is it too late to. iave.. the 
ayes and noes on thathst.a-mendme'n€? •.ThC:qued- 
agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. In the eleventh line of the tion was put while I Was endeavoriigto gei the 
same section, I propose 10 insert, after " Paris 
and pipe clay;" so as to 
the words, 
white," 
make the clause read: 
On Paris white, and pipe clay, and ochres, or ochery 
earths, not otherwise provided for, when dry, 35 cents per 
one hundred pounds. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 propose now, in the thir- 
tieth line of the ninth section, on page 14, to strike 
. out the words, " and 25 cents;" so as to make the 
duty on opium $1 a pound, in lieu of $1 25. It is 
a pretty high duty. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. In the next line, the duty 
on morphine and its salts is put at $1 25 per 
I move to strike out the words and 25 
ounce. 
cents;" so as to leave it $1 per ounce. 
Mr. HUNTER. A near me suggests 
that the Senator from Rhode Island moved to add 
to the duty on iron—raising the ad valorem from 
Is be mistaken, 01' is be not? 
25 to 30 per cent. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Not on iron, but on manu- 
factures of iron. 
Mr. H ULVIIER. Did the Senator move that 
as an amendinent from the committee ? 
Mr. SIMMONS. I moved it as an amendment 
year 1846, be, and the saine is hereby, rcvivcd (except as 
hereinbefore excnpted) in every schedule, section, orclause ft•on-l a portion of thern. On thinking this rnattet• 
thereof, saving, nevertheless, the full eff'ct and operation I over, as we had raised the duty on the raw matc- 
of the act entitled An act to cstabli$h a warehousing 
rial, we thought we ought to put up the manu- 
system, and to amend an act entitled An act to provide 
factured article. 
revenue trolli in) poi'ts, and to char)ge and rnodify existing 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am not asking the Senator 
laws imposing duties on imports, and for other purposes,' 
approved the 6th day of August, in the year 1846, and the for the reason, but for the fact. Did he report 
floor to read a letter which I have received on that 
subject. 
The PRESIDENT pro -tempore. Chair 
will receive a demand a divrsion„ The-Chair 
is uhwilling that the Senate should féel itself.bouid 
by any prematUre decision, of tho Chair;, The 
Chair will receive the call for a divisipn on the 
amendment. 
Mr. WADE. Before the question is put, as 
the vote is to be tak6n over again„l will saya few 
words- on my amendment. do not wish to de- 
lay the Senate by making a speech op this subject; 
but I will barely say that the culture of flaxseed 
is a great and growing interest in many parts of 
our western country; and, in the Slate of- Ohio, 
my constituents are very deeply interested in it. 
I do not ask for the amount of protection t.hat was 
formerly given this article i_n previous tariff bills. 
Under the tariff of 1842, the duty. Was 20, cepts a 
bushel. Under the tariff of 1846,; it per 
cent. ad oatorem. Under the tariff of 1857, by •a 
bare mistake, it came in free. It was not intended 
to be so. It is about the only thing that our 
farmers in the West -have any protection on. at 
all. There is a large importation pf flaxseed that 
could better be raised in our country; and it ought 
to be raised here. This amount of duty, in. my 
judgment, ought to be put on. It is no more than 
it should be; and I think it will only make a fair 
competition between our country and foreign 
countries. The importation is very large. 
i know there is u little difference in interest be- 
tween the manufacturers in this part of the coun- 
several acts amendatory or supplementary to the smne. 
that as coming from the committee ? 
try, the makers of oil along the Atlantic,coast, 
SEC. 2. und bc it further cnactcd, 'Ithat the aet entitled 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 did not; but three of the 
and the producers of flaxseed. The manufac- 
An act reducing the duty on ilnports, and other pur- 
, comr•nittce agreed to it. said to the Senator that, i 
turers want it to come in free, probably, so as to 
approved the 3d day of March, in the year 1857 
PI)SCS, 
except the filth section thereof', be, and the same is hereby, if he objected that these amendments were not 
repealed. 
SEC. 3. and be it further enacted, That this act shall takc I 
effect on ttle 1st day of July next.: Provided, 'I'hat no higher 
duty shall be charged on goods, wares, merchandise, or 
other articles in store on that day, than were chargeable at 
the time. of their importation. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I propose, on page 11, in 
section seven , line eighty-eigh t, to strike out " 25 " 
and insert 30;" so as to make the clause read: 
On all manufactures of iron, not otherwise provided for, 
30 per centum, ad calorem. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. In section nine, line five, , 
after the word lead," where it first occurs, I 
move to insert, and oxide of zinc;' 
so as to 
read: 
On white lead, oxide of zinc, dry or ground in oil, red 
lead, and litharge, ceru per pound. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. In the seventh line of that 
sectioh, after the word lead," I move to insert, 
t' chron-tate and bi-chromate of potash," and to 
strike out those words in the next line. 
Mr. HUNTER. Do the Senator 
from Rhode Island to say that these are amend- 
ments of the committee which ho is offerin«r now ? 
not of the entire 
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; 
I am merely transposincy some of 
committee. 
these things to a specific duty where they were 
left undct• an ad valore•nL one. 
Mr. HUNTER. Did 1 understand the Senator 
agreed to in a full meeting, I would offer them as 
little suggestions of my own. 
Mr. HUNTER. I thought it wasa commit- 
tee of five, but it seems it is only onc of three. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 told you that, if you pre- 
ferred to take the amendments from me person- 
ally, I would offer them us my amendments. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
amendment, offered bv the Senator from R.hode 
Island, is to strike out the words " and 25 cents, 
in lines thirty-onc and thirty-two of page 14; so 
that the clause will read: 
On morphine and its saits, $1 pcr ounce. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. In the thirty-second line of 
the same section, I move to insert, after ' 
ice paste," the words f' or juice.' 
1 find the ar- 
I ticle is sometimes imported as juice. 
The amend nunt was agreed to. 
Mr. WADE. I have an amcndment to pro- 
pose. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 shall get along as fast as 
Mr. -WADE. Let me offer my amendment I 
while you are looking for yours. 
Mr. SIMMONS. very well. 
Mr. WADE. On page fifteen, line twenty- 
six, of section ten, I move to strike out " ten," 
go that the clause will. 
and insert " sixteen;" 
read : 
On flaxseed and linseed, 16 cents per bushel of fifty-two 
to say that they were amendments of the com- 
i pounds. 
mittee? 
Mr. SIMMONS. Amendments that two or I Mr. SIXT MONS. I believe th9s tirticle is now 
I free, and the duty imposcd in the bill is a pretty 
threc of (he committee have scen and agreed to, 
If this were an original question, ] I 
Mr. HUNTER. heard of them. 
arge one. 
Mr. SIMMONS. doubt you will object to should agree to the duty suggested by the Senator; 
but as it passed the I-louse of Representatives at 
them. 
IVh•. HUNTER. I think we ought to have 10 cents, and as this article constitutes the return 
carao of most of the ships that go to California 9 
been consulted. The committee ought to have 
and then across to India, f suggest whether one 
been summoned in regard to them. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I move them, then, on my jump to 10 cents a bushel is not about enough to 
own account, as having been to me to carry it to now. I am disposed to meet the gen- 
eral views of the Senator from Ohio, to do every- 
perfect the bill. This amendment does not change 
the duties at all on these articles, but only makes thing we can to encourage the raising of flaxseed 
them specific. f am only proposing to insert in this country; but this is a pretty high move all 
some things that were omitted in the bill. The at once. 
present amendment is to put chromate and bi- i I Mr. WADE. I would inquire of the Senator 
chromate of potash at 3 cents a pound, instead of whether there is any difference between flaxseed 
15 per cent. , which is just what the percentage and linseed? 
Mr. SIMMONS. There is none. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 should like to hear that The PRESIDENT put the ques- 
amendment read. The Senator makes what tion, and announced that the amendment was 
i, agreed to. 
amendments he pleases, it seems. 
manufacture oil cheaply; but we, being the pro- 
ducers, are interested in having a duty upon the 
raw material. There is hardly aoything in the 
whole West that can, in the nature of things, re- 
ceive much protection; and this article being one 
on which we can have an advantage, I think it is 
no more than right that we should have it. 
not ask to put on it as great an amount of duty as 
was formerly given. In the tariff of 1857, linseed 
and flaxseed were supposed to mean different 
things, and this led to a construction at the Treas- 
It was a 
ury which brought flaxseed in free. 
It was not intended. Under the tariff 
mistake. 
I have 
Of 1842, the duty was 20 cents a bushel'. 
inquired of gentlemen representing the West, and 
they say that they will be satisfied with 16 cents 
a bushel, although they believe that it really 
ought to be 20. I hope the amendment will be 
agreed to, fixinz the duty at 16 cents. 
i Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 regret to be called upon 
to take any position antagonistic to the position 
assumed by my friend from Ohio; but in different 
sections of the Union there are different interests. 
I do not mean to prolong this discussion, because 
I am not perfectly familiar with the subject; but 
I beg leave to call the attention of the Senate Lo 
an extract or two from a letter which received 
from a very respectable house—the house of J. & 
C. Moore & Co., of Jersey city, on this subject. 
These persons are engaged in the manufacture of 
oil, and in the manufacture of this seed in one 
way or another; and in a letter recently received 
by Ille, and which I wras in search of when the 
Chair put the question before, they say tbat they 
would be satisfied with duty of 10 cents per 
bushel on linseed; that that would be satisfac- 
tory both to the manufacturers and dealers;" but 
to raise the duty to 16 per cent. would destrov 
their business and greatly diminish the revenue. 
This letter was written by a gentleman with whom 
I am familiar, William M. Force, one of the mem- 
bers of the firm, a reliable man, fully acquainted 
with his business, and a gentleman who would 
not say anything that was not strictly in accord* 
ance with the truth. I believe that the raising of 
this duty in the mode proposed now by the Sen- 
ator from Ohio, will have the effect of prejudicing 
this business, and decreasing the revenue which 
we desire to raise for the support of the Govern- 
ment. 
Mr. HARLAN, I desire io call the attention 
of the Senate to one Or two facts, in addition to 
those stated by the Senator from Ohio. I have 
a little abstract before me of the revenue received 
on linseed and flaxseed for the last eight or nine 
