952 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 16, 
years,from which it will that the amount 
received in 1847—8 was $21,238. This gradually 
.increased, until in 1857—8 the revenue derived 
Was $600,764; but, in consequence of the -inad- 
vertence of which the Senator from Ohio spoke, 
the revenue under the present tariff on this article 
has run down to- $67 a year. Sixty-seven dollars 
and thirty-five cents was the total amount received 
in 1859—60.' wc imported in 1858—59, flaxseed to 
the value of in 1859-60, 
thus showing that the present tariff on this article 
amöun_ts to nothing as the 'law now stands. 
It appears that in 1855—56 the 
One other fact. 
amount of flaxseed imported Was 1,102,545 bush- 
•els, the valuation of which was $1,009,381. 
1856—57 the amount imported•was 1,696,294 bush- 
us, and the valuation $1,741,260. This shows 
that the valuation has been in the neighborhood 
of about $1 per bushel. At 20 per cent. , then, thc 
duty would be 20 cents per bushel. The Senator 
from Ohio proposes to make it 16 cents on the 
bushel, or about 16 per cent. ; being 20 per cent. 
less under the proposition than it was hitherto, 
previous to the committal of the mistake to which 
he has alluded. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I agree most fully with the 
Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Iowa, 
that this is a proper subject of taxation, and that 
we should get revenue from it; and that is the ob- 
ject we had in fixing it at 10 cents a bushel. The 
mapufacturers have been for four years 
in importing this article without any duty; the 
trade is very large; and it is a mere question of 
how far we shall go. I do not hesitate to say 
that •the proposition of the Senator from Ohio is 
not an extravagant. duty on this article. Some- 
times it will be rather high, sometimes low, ac- 
cording to the market price; but at the same time 
there is an immense amount of this trade. I have 
the returns of last vear, showing that there were 
imported bushels; and we did not raise 
more, than about 500,000 bushels in this country. 
You cannot expect to supply this country with 
2,000,000 bushels in a short time. There were 
1,500,000 gallons of oil imported last year. Tillere 
is a duty on t.hat oil of 16 cents, by this bill. That, 
I think, will help you. That is a good duty on 
the oil, and if the Senator had offered this amend- 
ment for 15 centsa bushel on the flaxseed, I should 
voted with him; but as he and I are so much in 
favor of compromise, perhaps we can affree to it 
in that way. 
Mr. WILSON. lhope the Senator from Ohio 
will not press this amendment. This kind of seed 
has come into the country free for some years. 
A large business bas grown up under it. That 
business has -to meet the rival"y of other nations. 
Now the bill proposes a duty of 10 cents per 
bushel. That, I think, is enough. At any rate, 
I hope we shall start on that; but I candidly be- 
licve that if this amendment be adopted, the im- 
portations will be diminished to a great extent. 
As has been shown plainly and clearly; , the amount 
produced in this country now is utterly insignif- 
Icant; and I think that to start at this time with 
the large duty proposed by the Senator from Ohio, 
would be injurious to the interests of the country. 
So far as my own State is concerned, I know it 
would be Inrgely so. 
Mr. WADE. I am not going to prolong this 
discussion; but I would admonish gel)tlemen that, 
in making up this tariff bill, we ought to endeavor 
to be as liberal as wye can. The State of the Sen- 
ator from Massachusetts gets something out of it; 
I do not place it on any such 
so do other States. 
local basis at all. 
say the duty which I pro- 
pose on this article of flaxseed is less than is im- 
posed upon almost any other article in thc bill. 
It will not amount, under my amendment, to morc 
than 16 per cent. , hardly that, as a general rule, 
and it is an interest that can be promoted; the 
article can be produced in the West to any amount 
whatever; and if there is any home production 
that ought to be encouraged, it is this. The Sen- 
ator from Rhode Island admits all that. 
I know 
very well that in consequence of the. mistake which 
was committed in the tariff of 18573 by which this 
article came in entirely free of duty, there, have 
been large importations here, and manufactories 
have sprung up along the Atlantic coast which are 
now interested in keeping it free, and keeping us 
down in its production, as has been done; but it 
is altogether wrong, urüust, and unequal. 
I hope 
my amendment will prevail. 
Mr. GRIMES called for the. yeas and nays; 
and they were ordered. 
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll on the 
adoption of the amendment. 
Mr. RICE, when his name was called, said: 
I have paired off with the Senator frorm Maine 
(Mr. MORRILL] on this question. 
The result l,vas announced—yeas 29, nays 9; 
as follows: 
Y.EAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bigler, Bingham, 
Bragg, Bright, Chandler, Clark, Clingman, Doolittle, Doug- 
las, Fessenden, Green, Gtiines, Gwin, Hale, Harlan, Hemp- 
bilb Hunter, Johnson ot' 'I'ennessee, Mason, Nichoison, 
Polk, Powell. Seward, Simmons, Trtunbull, Wade, and 
Wilkinson—ig 
NAYS—Messrs. Durkee, Foot., Foster, King, Latham, 
Pearce, Surnner, Ten Eyck, and Wilson—9. 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 move to amend the bill by 
striking out ail after thc word unmanufactured , 
in the sixth line of the twelfth section, to the word 
provided " in the thirty-fourth line, and insert: 
Shali be subject to a duty of 20 per cent. ad valorem. 
The section as it stands admits free of duty all 
coarse wool, and subjects to taxation that alone 
If this bill should pass, 
of the finer qualities. 
which I very much fear, I think our marlufactur- 
ing friends will have the advantage of us. They 
manufacture this coarse wool; and hence, I sup- 
Pr0hSeet'e 
the Mississippi, or in this Union, but grows 
if it is the ob- 
more or less of this coarse wool. 
ject of gentlemet'l to protect the great laboring 
interests of the country, svhile they are taxing it 
for the benefit of other interests, I hope 
amendment will prevail, to place a t.ax of 20 per 
centum. ad on all wool. As the bill 
stands, it is only the finer wool which is taxed— 
wool that is consumed but little by the manufac- 
turing interests of this country; for I believe that 
the higher descri ptions of cloths are manufactured 
to a very limited-extent in this country. I think 
the farmers of the country who raise coarse wool 
should have this protection against the coarse 
wools of South America. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BRIGHT 
in the Chair.) Will the Senator state his amend- 
ment again ? 
Mr. POWELL. Thetwelfth section now reads: 
On all wool unnianufactured, and ail hair of the alpaca, 
goat, and other like aninnals, unrnanufaetured, the value 
whereof at the last port or place fron: whence exported to 
the United States shall exceed 18 cents per pound and shall 
not exceed 24 cents per pound, there shall be levied, 
lected, and paid, a duty of 3 cents per pound ; exceeding 24 
cents per pound, there shall be levied, collcctcd,and paid, 
a duty of 9 cents per pound : Provided, 'I'hat any wool of 
the sheep, or hair of the alpaca, the goat, and other like 
anilnals which shall be imported in any other than the ordi- 
nary condition, as now and hereto!öre practiced, or which 
shall be changed in its charactcr or condition för the pur- 
pose of evading the duty, or which shall be reduccd in value 
by the adrni.xture of dirt or any foreign sub*tance to 18 
cent* per pound, or less, shall he. subject to pay a duty of 9 
cents per pound, anything in this act to the contrary not- 
withstanding: Provided also, That when wool of different 
qualities is imported in the stunc baic, bag, or package, and 
the agzregate valuc ot• the contents of the bale, bag, or pack- 
age shall be appraised by the appraisers at a rate exceeding 
24 cents per pound, it.shali be charged with a duty of 9 cents 
per pound : Proeidedfurthe.r, 'i'hat if bales of different qual- 
ities are embraced in the same invoice, at the saine price, 
whereby the, averatre, price shall be lessened more than 10 
per cent.tun, the value, ot• t.he wholc shaU be appraised ac- 
cording to the valno of' the hale or the best, qnality, and no 
bale or bales shan be liabfe to a less rate of duty in conse- 
quence of being invoiced with wooi of lower value. 
1 propose te strike out all this complication, 
and makc it read simply— 
All wool unmanufactured, and all hair of the alpaca, 
u runanut•actured, shall be 
goat, and otller like animals, 
subject to a duty of 20 per cent.illn ad calorejn. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 
I suppose an amendment 
to that amendment, is in order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir. 
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend by strik- 
ing out in the eighth linc of the twelfth section, 
quently enters free under the present tariff. J have 
sent to the Treasury and got a statement of the 
quantity of wool imported for the last three years. 
For thc year ending June 30, 1859, there was im- 
ported free wool to the value of • $4,363,121; and 
for the year ending June 30, 1860, wool to the 
value of #4,450,658 free. Rating that wool at 20 
cents a pound, the importations of free wool un- 
der the present tariff amount to over 22,000,000 
pounds for those two years. At the same time the 
quantity introduced which paid- duty, amounted 
only,for the entire two years, to 1,788,299 pounds. 
The duty altogether collected, in the year ending 
June •30, 1859, was $19,639 92; and for the y car 
ending June 30, 1860, $93,958 56. Thus it is 
seen that of the vast amount of wool which is im- 
ported into the country, nearly the whole of it 
comes free under this system of •valuation, which 
introduces the wool in the dirt into this conn- 
try. The Australian wool, most of it very fine, 
which comes directly in competition with the wool 
produced in this country, after- it is cleansed, 
IS received by the manufacturer entirely free of 
Now, sir, the capacity of this country to pro- 
duce wool, as the Senator from Kentucky says, 
is perfectly unlimited. The great western coun- 
try, and portions even of the southern country, 
the mountainous districts of Virginia and Tl'en- 
nessee- and Kentucky, and especially the great 
prairies of Iowa and Illinois and Texas and Mis- 
souri, have unlimited capacity for -the production 
of wool; and if you are going to protect anything, 
if you lay a heavy duty on the woolen goods that 
are produced in•this country—and I believe this 
tariff increases the duty on woolen goods—way 
not do little something for the benefit of the agli- 
culturist, the man that consumes the goods and 
pays the duty? This, together with the article of 
flaxseed, is about the only thing that the farmers 
of this country are to be protected in at all. The 
present system of introducing this wool free of 
duty in the dirt, and then cleaning it, and bringing 
it into competition with the wool of this 
country, of course is opposed to the production 
If this country could not produce 
of wool here. 
wool enough to supply ail the manufacturers, and 
I have a large quantity for export besides, there 
might be a necessity for introducing it free; but 
that is not the case. Even in Michigan, now, it 
is the second article of our production. Next to 
wheat is wool; and in Wisconsin, Illinois, Iowa, 
and all those great States of the West, an unlim- 
ited quantity of wool can be produced. And the 
coarser wools, the common wools, the Leicesters, 
and the South Downs, come directly into com- 
petition with this free wool. 
I have no objection to paying a duty to help to 
protect the manufacturer; but while that is done, 
give us a little protection for the wool 
. . lama 
wook-producer; I am a wroo\-raiser myself; and i 
am willing to go into competition with all the 
world in the raising of wool, if you will give me 
the privilege of going where I please to buy my 
cloth; but if you tax the cloth in this country, 
and make our farmers pay a high price for it, give 
them a little benefit in an inducement to raise 
wool. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
ment offered by the Senator from Michigan is first 
in order, that being to perfect the section before 
the question shall be taken on striking out. 
Mr. SiMMONS. I concur in most of what has 
been said in reference to encouraging the growth 
of wool, and the growth of flaxseed. I do not 
keep many sheep, but I would like to encourago 
farming as much as I can: This bill was framed 
in the House of Representatives, after a great (leal 
of intercourse and arrantrement between those 
who used wool and those who raised it; and there 
was a great deal of irritation there in regard to it- 
They finally quieted down on all sides, "i believe, 
shall exceed 18 centé per pound wibh this arrangcmpnt. 
the words G' 
It puts wool valued at 
and;" and I wish to call the attention of the Sen- 
ator from Kentucky to that. That would leave 
the duty on all wool valued under 24 cents a 
pound, at 3 cents a pound. He proposes to levy 
an ad •valorun duty. I object to that, bccau..;e 
there is more deception, more fraud, in the im- 
portation of wool than of any other article. T hc 
wool that comes to this country is brought, from 
Australia and Buenos Ayres, and from other for- 
eign countries, in the dirt, and nearly the whole 
of it is valued under 18centsa pound; and conse- 
between 18and 24 cents a pound at 3 cents a pound 
duty, and that above 24 at 9 cents. 
If I were n 
wool-grower, I would rather have a high •d nty on 
the fine article. A sheep that grows wool worth 
on] y 18 cents a pound, is not fit to be kept in the 
United States. I would not have such sheep. We 
put 9 cent.s a pound duty on wool worth from 24 
cents up to whatcver amount it may go, but such 
wool, it is well enough known, is from 35 to 60 
cents a pound in this country, and we want to 
courage the growing of that woo}. This coarse, 
