1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
955 
a bill as this. I want that Senator to understand 
that I am a farmer myself, and raised wool before 
he wras born. He thinks it a fine business to get 
up here and arraign people that are making tar- 
iffs and accuse them of being leagued with great 
capitalists in the central cities, and against labor. 
Sir, I have labored quiteas many years as he has; 
and when "'he finds Inc leaguinm tvainst labor•and 
in favor of capital, it will be time enough for him 
to accuse me of it. 
I said this duty was agreed 
to by delegations of farmers, or the men repre- 
senting them, and manufacturers, and members 
of the committee. They had the subject up over 
and over again, and finally agreed upon this;and 
they agreed to bc satisfied with it last year. 
could see any way in the world to benefit any 
leading interest in this country, I would do it in- 
stanter; but I will tell that Senator, loud as he 
naay talk about the interest of farmers, the prop- 
osition he makes would be ruinous, ten times as 
bad as this bill. He proposes a duty of 20 per 
It would be invoiced 
cent. ad t'atorem on wool. 
so that you would not get 2 Cents a pound on it. 
W c put a duty of 9 cents on this wool that we 
think comes mostly in competition with the wool 
of the United States, As to those vvyools that do 
not come in competition, but enable our coarse 
woolen manufacturers to make descriptions of 
blankets and coarse goods that they could not 
otherwise make, we let them in free. If there is 
anything wrono• in it, I svould go as far as any- 
body to try to avoid it. But for these manufac- 
tapers, there would be no demand for that wool 
at all in this country, and I can tell Senators we 
make the best wool of any country in the world 
to make warps of. Pennsylvania and Obio raise 
the best woot of any part of the world to make a 
warp for goods—better than is raised anywhere 
in Europe; but they make better wool in Europe 
to make filling of; it will fell better than ours. 1 
have known woot-growers to ship wool to Liv- 
crpool to sell to English manufacturers for warps, 
while we were importing wool to make filling of. 
I will not enlarge upon this subject; but I be- 
lieve my friend from Michigan, who desires to 
guard this bill against frauds, will reach his pur- 
pose by leaving it as it is. 
If you should stop 
this importation of coarse wool, which is now let 
in free, you would kill all the mills, because it 
is let in free all over the world. We have only 
put a duty of 10 per cent. on blankets, above the 
duty on the 6 cents a p%lnd. T herc are a 
good many things that get in, in order to make 
these coarse articles which you cannot touch. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate 
ready for the question on the proposed amend- 
ment? 
Nir. GWIN. 1 should like to hear it read. 
in line eight of section 
The Secretary read it; 
twelve, to strike out the words " shall exceed 18 
from Kentucky; inasmuch as that is to strikeout have under provisions or this bill. 
-If Sepa- 
the section, and the Senator from Ohio proposes tors want tode»troy what 
an amendment to perfi)ct it. The amendment have,undertalcento give the growing 
proposed by the Senator from Ohio will be read. 
'The Secretary read the amendment, on page 
19, to strike out the first proviso, in the following 
words: 
Provided, That any wool of the sheep, or hair of the 
alpaca, the, goat, and other like animals whicheshail be im- 
ported in any other than the ordinary condition, as now and 
her«tofore practiced, or which sball be changed in its char- 
acter or condition for the purpose of evading the duty, or 
which Shail be reduced in value by thc admixture of dirt or 
any foreign substance to 18 cents per pound, or less, shall be 
subject to pay a duty of 9 cenos per pound, anything in this 
act to the contrary notwithstanding." 
And to insert, in lieu thereof: 
That all imported wool, which shall contain a larger ad- 
mixture of dirt, burrs, yo}k, grease, or other substance otller 
than fine wool—than good mcrchantable wool ofa similar 
quality aud fineness, the growth and producc of the United 
States—shall be reduced in weight. to the extent of such 
excess ; and duty shall be levied on such imported wool, 
according t' its value per pound, when so reduced in 
weight. 
Mr. WADE. I believe that better effects the 
object that wus intended by the committee than 
their own provision. I do not want to alter svhat 
they intend to cffect; but it seems to me, this 
amendment would be better At any rate, let us 
have a vote upon it. 
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, 1 consider 
this the most important amendment that has becn 
offered. I know something about this imported 
I have seen wool importcd free, valued 
I wool. 
under 18 cents a pound, that was actually worth 
60 cents a pound after it was cleansed; and a very 
large proportion of the wool that is imported free, 
under 18 cents a pound, is actually wool that comes 
I in competition with our best grades of western 
wool. Now, sir, this proviso of the committee 
does not reach the case. You cannot prove that 
they intended fraud. The wool is imported in the 
dirt, and it is very dirty; it is mixed, and it is 
wonderfully mixed; but there is every grade, and 
there is every grade of dirt. Let the wool be re- 
duced to its proper weight when cleaned, and you 
will have an absolute bardo fraud. -Without that, 
you have no bar. I hope this amendment will be 
adopted. I hope that cvcry friend of the bill will 
vote for it; for it is the only safeguard that has 
yet been offered against. fraud. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 will not detain the Senate 
long; but I desire to correct a little misapprehen- 
Sion on the part of the Senator from Michigan. 
The committee did not insert this proviso in the 
bill. It was in the bill as it came from the House; 
but should vote acrainst altering it. This taking 
the wool in the custom-house and cleaning the 
yolk and the dirt out of it to find how much per- 
I hope friends of the :woole 
can vote for, it. 
growers will vote agamst it. 
Mr.' POWELL. The' Senator 
Island seems to be the cham.pion of -the fai•ming 
have rio idea that. the amend;nent 
interest here. 
I propose will rsatisfy the manufacturing interest, 
but I do• think it will satiéfy ihe fatmérs\. -Vlioße 
it will be adopted. 
Mr. CHANDLER. Letr the, amendment be 
again reported. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. be read 
Mr. GREEN. 1 object to the reading, 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be- 
ing made to the reading of the amendment, it hav- 
ing been. repeatcdly read, it can only-be readdjy 
a vote of the Senate. The question is: Shall the 
amendment be-rea'd 
The call for the reading of the amendment was 
neoatived. 
'i'he question being taken by yeas and nays,on 
Mr. POWELL'S amendment, 
nays 22; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, -Bingham, Bragg; Bright, Cling- 
Inan, Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of 'I'enncs- 
sec, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,' Mason, Nithokon, Péårce, 
Polk, Powell, Sebastiäh, and Trumbull—20. 
NAYS=Messrs. Anthony 5 Bigler, Cameron, Chandler, 
Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Fessenden, Foot„Foster, 
Grimes, Hale, Uarian, King, Seward, Siintnons, Sumner, 
Ten Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—22, 
80 the amendment was rejected. 
Mr. POWELL. Ipropose to amend the twelfth 
section by insertingA1fter the word " pound," 
in the ninth line, these words: " shall be subject 
to a duty of 20 per centum ad •valorem. That 
will make the 20 per cent. duty apply only to 
coarse wools. 
The Secretary read the amendment, in the ninth 
line of the twelfth section, to insert, after the word 
the words shall be subject to a duty 
of20 per cent. ad valorem,• " so that the clause ••.v.ill 
read : 
First. All wool unmanufactured, and all hair- of the 
alpaca, goat, and other like animais, the 
value whereof at the last port or place from whence ex- 
ported to the Unit.ed States shall exceed 18 cents per pound, 
and shall not exceed 24 cents per pound, shall be subject 
to a duty of 20 per cent. ad calorem. 
Mr. POWELL. I desire to modify that amend- 
shall exceed 
ment by striking out the words 
18 cents per pound, and." 
Mr. BINGHAM. That is exactly the amend- 
ment I offered. 
Mr. POWELL. Then the clause will read: 
i Ali wool unmanufactured, and all hair of the alpaca, 
goat, and other like animals, umnannfacturcd, the value 
whereof at the last port or place from whence exported to 
centao•e it should pay, would be a verv unsafe II the United States shall not exceed 24 cents per pound, shall 
if this provision is retained, a-nd there II be to a duty of 20 percent. ad 
process. 
danger about its beingembarrassed by the words Mr. BIGLER. As I understand the Senator 
cents per pound, and," so that the section will 
" for the purpose of avoiding duty," will move 
read : 
II to strike them out; so that, if it comes in in a state 
First, on all wool unmanufactured, and all hair of the 
alpaca, goat, and other like annnals, unnmnufaetured, the other than the ordinary state, it shall pay the high- 
est duty; and then, whether they intend to cheat 
vaine whercot' at the last port or place from whence ex- 
ported the United States, shai\ not exceed 24 cents per 
or not, if it is not imported in the ordinary way 
pound, there shall be levied, collected, and paid, a duty of I 
I let them pay 9 cents upon it. 
3 cents per pound. 
Mr. G WIN. I think that is the best amend- 
ment that has been proposed to this bill, and I 
hope it will be adopted. I shall vote for it. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 ask for the yeas and nays 
on thc amendment. 
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 20; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bingham, Bragg, Bright, Chand- 
II unter, Johnson 
I-lernphill, 
ler. Clingman, Green, Gwin, 
of 'Peunessee, Kenncdy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nichol- 
son, Polk, and 
NAYS—Mes.srs. Anthony, Bigler, Cmneron, Clark, Dix- 
on. Doolittle, Douglas, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Gritnes. 
Ilarlan, King, Seward, Simtnons, Sumner, 'llen Eyck, Wia- 
fall, Wilkinson, and VViEs0K! 
So the amendinent was not agreed to 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
recurs on the amendment proposed by the Sena- 
tor from Kentucky. 
Mr. WADE. I move to amend by striking 
out the whole of the first proviso, on page 17, and 
inserting what I send to the Chair. 
Mr. BIGLER. we have a right to do that 
now, as the Senator from Ohio proposes to strike 
out the wbolc clause. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I say if the provision is not 
stricken out, and it is deemed necessary, I will 
move that amendment. 
Mr. BIGLER. But 'vvc can do it now, if it is 
M desired, before the motion to strikc out is put. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 cannot offer the 
ment until tbc present one is disposed of. 
i Mr. GRIM ES. I ask that the amendment be 
acrain reported. 
T hc Secretary read it. 
Mr. CHANDLER 1 call for the yeas and 
nays on the amendment. 
The yeas and n a y s vccn•p not ordered. 
The amendment was rejected. 
from Kentucky, he is fact offering the same 
amendment which has been voted down. 
Mr. POWELL. No, sir. 
I Mr. BIGLER. It is substant.ially the same. 
Mr. POWELL. Certainly, not. 
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Pennsyl- 
vania is mistaken. The other proposed a duty of 
3 cents, and this 20 per cent. 
I Mr. BIGLER. The Senator moves to make 
the duty 20 per cent. cd calorem, and that was 
voted down. 
Mr. HUNTER. Oh, no. The proposition 
voted down was to impose a duty of 3 cents a 
Mr. POWELL. This is an ad duty 
that I propose; and it is to extend only to coarse 
wools. 
Mr. CAMERON. I have a word to say to the 
friends of the bill. Some of these amendments 
li are in substance the same as the provisions in the 
If they de- 
bill. Then W' h y are lhey necessary? 
sire t.o carry the bill, I hope they will vote against 
all the amendments. 
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand the proposi- 
i The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
recurs on the amendment offered by the Senator tion of the Senator from Kentucky is to levy a 
II duty of 20 per cent. on wool valued at less than 
, from Kentucky. 
Mr. POWELL. On that question I call for 'i 24 cents a pound. That isa higher rate of duty 
tk;an proposition to lay a duty of 3 cents a 
Mr. POYVELL. The amendment that I offered the yeas and nays. 
pound on it, which would bc from 12 to 15 per 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
to the twelft.h section has not been disposed of. 
I should prefer a lower. rate, because I do 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The IVIr. SIMMONS. 1 wish to say one word. li cent. 
not v,rant to do anything to injure the manufac- 
Here is a proposition to reduce the duty on this 
the Senator from Ohio is to amend that twelfth 
section, which will bc in order before the question It fine wool 20 per cent. , which is not near us much turers•, but f shall vote for this amendment now 
is taken on the amendment offered by the Senator protection, in my deliberate judgment, as they as the best L can dop 
