958 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 16, 
of then,ralue ofa cigar occasioned by the difference 
do not suppose, in any case, it would 
exceed $60 or $70 a thousand at the outside, and 
doubtxhether it would ever go over $60. 
Apart from that, there is a principle involved 
in this matter. Though it is true that tobacco 
has. become an artificial want, and therefore, in 
that sense, a necessity, as 1 admit, to the country 
at almost all classes smoke—thatis not 
a reason -why (when you are imposing a duty for 
the purpose of revenue) if you find that spurious 
articles have been introduced- into the country, 
which are not tobacco, and may be more injuri- 
ous, you should not in your 'legislation lay a 
heavier duty on the spurious articles than upon 
those which are really and intrinsically what they 
are represented to •be. Now mv impression is, 
that the vast amount of these cigai•s that are called 
German cigars are anything but tobacco. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
IS on the amendment ofthe Senator from Virginia. 
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. MASON. shall take the vote on this 
amendment as testing the purpose of the Senate 
to interfere with this graduation of duties; and if 
it be rejected, I shall -not press it further. 
The question being taken by yeas and nays; 
resulted—yeas II, nays 25; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg; Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, John- 
son o?'i'énnessee, Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, 
and Rice—II. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigier, Bingham, Cameron. 
Chandler, Clark, Dixon, 'Doolittle, Durkee, FeSsenden, 
Foot, Poster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan,' King, Latham, Mor- 
rill, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, 
Wade, and Wilson—25. 
So the amendrnent was rejected. 
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent 
of the Senate to introduce a resolution in regard 
to the hour of meeting. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER.) 
The resolution will be read for information. 
The Secretary read it, as f'ollows: 
Resolved, That on and after Monday next the daily hour 
of meetil'lg of the •Senate- shall be eleven o'clock, until 
otherwise ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution 
can now bc received only by unanimous consent. 
The Chair hears no objcction. 
Mr. BAYARD. Is •it in order to consider the 
resolution now, if it be objected to? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not. 
Mr. BAYARD. Then 1 must object to it. 
Mr. WILSON. I submit an amendment to the 
bill.as an additional section. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I have a good many amcnd- 
ments to offer. 
Mr. WILSON. I thought you were through. 
SIMMONS. When we to the sec. 
tion which the Senator from Kentucky wanted to 
amend, as that was regularly in order, I waived 
making some little verbal alterations until he got 
I t is very late; and a strong ap- 
through with it. 
peal has been made to me not to press this bill 
furt.hct• to-day. If it can go over now, and be the 
first business in order on Monday, I am willing, 
as this is Saturday night, to go home. 
MI'. FESSEN DEN. How many more. days 
does the Senator expect to continue with this bill, 
and adjourn at this early hour? 
Mr. 'SIMMONS. If we go on in the way we 
have, done this afternoon, we shall take some con- 
siderable time vet. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. we have only twelve 
days left', and there is a great deal to do. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 will it up as fast as 
Iam able. 
Mr. WILSON. Then let us lay the bill over, 
and take up the question about the hour of meet- 
SIMMONS. very well. 
Mr. WILSON. Let the bill be laid over, 
for t.he purpose of taking up the proposition fixing 
the hour of meeting at eleven o'clock. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'That resolu- 
tion having been objected to, it lies over, under 
the rules, until to-morrow, and it cannot be con- 
sidered to-day. 
AMY. BAYARD. 1 object. 
Mr. CAMERON, I hope our friends will not 
think of adjourning until we have taken this bill 
out of committee. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There. is no 
motion to adjourn before the Senate. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 move that the Senate do 
now adjourn. 
The motion was not agreed to; thcre being, on 
a division—ayes 16, noes 22. 
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President— 
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the Senator will allow 
me now to go on with the amendments, princi- 
pally verbal alterations, that I- was on when he 
commenced with the wool business. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 yield to the Senator with 
pleasure; but I notify lum that I haveother amend- 
ments to the twelfth section. 
Mr. SIMMONS. After we prepare the bill as 
well as we can, we shall expect to meet all amend- 
ments that come. I should like to inquire how 
far we got along when this interruption took 
place. On what page were we ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is 
informed that progress was made to page 7 of the 
bill. The last amendment proposed wason page 7. 
Mr. SIMMONS. That was the proposition of 
the Senator from Virginia. We were further 
ahead than that, I think. 
Mi•. CLARK. We were on pago 13. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I recolTecl moving to insert 
" chromate and bichromate of potash , ' ' at 3 cents 
a pound duty, in page 11. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was in 
the ninth section. 
Mr. SIMMONS. As we have raised the.duty 
on flaxseed, I propose, in the seventeenth line 
of the ninth section, to strike out " 16 " and in- 
sert "20," on the oils, so as to make that duty 
20 cents per gallon. The clause will then read: 
On linseed, flaxseed, hempseed, and rapeseed oil, 20 
cents per gallon. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. On page 26, after the word 
ad talorem, in the twentieth line, I propose to in- 
sert the words on jute goods 15 per cent. ad ta- 
This is a description of the cheaper kind 
of goods made of jute; and I wish to put those 
goods at 15 per cent. 
The amendment ivas agreed to. 
Mr. SIMNTONS. I give noticc that I intend on 
Monday-—it is so dark now that I cannot see my 
own writing 
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 desire to give notice of 
what I intend to do on Monday. 
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the motion to enable 
the Senator to give that notice. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I shall then move to amend 
the first section of the bill in reference to the loan. 
I shall also move to arnel}d the fifth section, in ref- 
erence to the duties on sugar, &c., and propose a 
small duty of 1}, cent on coffee, and 3 cents on 
tea. I have got to rewrite the amendments be- 
fore I can make thenv, but I desire to give notice, 
so that Senators may be thinking about the sub- 
I cannot see 
ject., and not be taken by surprise. 
todo it now. 
Mr. HALE. I now renew the motion to ad- 
journ. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 ask for the yeas and 
nays on the motion. 
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 14, as follows: 
Bayard, Bigler, Bingham, 
-Anthooy, 
Clark, I)ixon, noofittie, nalo, Hemphill, Johnson ot• Ten- 
nessee, Pearce. Powell, Sinnnons, Sumner, and 
Wilson—iti. 
NAYS—Mcssrs. Cameron, Chandler, Fessendcn, Foot, 
Foster, Grilnes, Harlan, King, Lane, Morrill, Seward, Ten 
and Wadc—14. 
Eyck, 'rrtunbun, 
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
SATURDAY, February 16, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o 'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. TH0MAs Fl. STOCKTON. 
'Che J ournal of yesterday was Bead and approved. 
CORRESPONDENCE OF LIEUTENANT 111RIE. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com- 
munication from the Secretary of War, declinin& 
to furnish certain correspondence of George Ihrie, 
late lieutenant in the Army, with the WaräDepart- 
mcnt; which was laid on the table, and ordered 
to be printed. 
ELIZABETH YANCEY. 
Mr. STOKES. I ask unanimous consent of the 
House that the Committee of the Whole. House 
be discharged from the further consideration of 
House bill NO. 778, for the relief of the children 
of Elizabeth Yancey, widow of John Yancey. 
There being no objection, the Committee of the 
Whole House was discharged from the further 
consideration of the bill , and the House proceeded 
to consider it. The bill directs the Secretary of 
the Interior to pay to Jane C. Smith and Mary 
Franklin, heirs of Elizabeth Yancey, tho amount 
of pension to which she would have been enti- 
tled, at the rale of eighty dollars per annum, from 
December 11, 1839, to Deccmbcr 19, 1848. 
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 call for the reading of the 
report. 
The report was read. It appears therefrom that 
Elizabeth was the wi40w of John Yancey, and 
was married to him in December, 1777; that said 
I Yancey served in the war of the Revolution not 
i less than three years; apart of this time as a pri- 
vate, and a part as a quartermaster. It is impos„ 
Sible to say how long he served in each capacity; 
and it is somewhat doubtful that he ever acted as 
quartermaster, though there is evidence that a man 
of the same name did so serve. The widow ap- 
plied for a pension, under the act of 1836, as early 
as 1839; but from the doubt as to his services as 
quartermaster, the Pension Office suspended the 
decision of the case. The committee allow a pen- 
Sion to the widow of eighty dollars per annum 
since the 11th of December, 1839, to the period of 
her decease, to wit, the 19th of December, 1848, 
I amounting to $720, and that this sum be paid to 
{earnafi Crgpresentatives of said 3 Elizabeth Yancey, 
deceased, she having, until her decease, remained 
the widow of said John Yancey, the revolution- 
ary soldier. 
The bill was ordered to be enærossed, and reåd 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read t.he third time, and passed. 
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
ELIZA M. PLYMPTON. 
Mr. BRABSON. I ask the unanimous con- 
I sent of the House to discharge the Committee of 
thc W 1101e. House from the further consideration 
of House bill No 923, granting a pension to Eliza 
M. Plympton. 
There being no objection, the Committee of the 
Whole House was discharged from the further 
consideration of the bill, and the House proceeded 
to consider it. 
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to 
place the name of Eliza M. Plympton, widow of 
the late Colonel Joseph Plympton, of the United 
States Army, on the pension roll, at tbe rate o? 
fifty dollars a month, from June 5, 1860, for and 
during her natural life. 
The bill was ordered to be en•rossed, and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. BRABSON moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved 
tb lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
HERMAN J. EIILE. 
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. 1 ask the 
unanimous consent of the House to discharge {he 
Cominittee of the Whole House from the further 
consideration of House bill No. 653, grantinff a 
pension to Herman J. Ehlc. 
There being no objection, the Committee of 
the SVholc House was discharged from the fur- 
ther consideration of the bill, and the House PR0- 
ceeded to consider it. 
The bill directs the Secretarv of the Interior to 
place the name of Herman J. Ehle on the invalid 
pension rolls of the United States, at the rate of 
fifteen dollars per month, to cormnence on the 
5th of March, 1860, and continue during his nat- 
uraL life. 
Mr. SIMMS. Is this the report ofa cornmit- 
tee? 
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. It is 
imous report from the Committee on Invalid Pen- 
sions, and is very meritorious case. 
N'lr. SIMMS. Let tho report be read for in- 
formation. 
The report was read; from which it appears 
that Herman J. Ehle, now aged sixty-five years, 
I served as first lieutenant in the company Qi' rifle- 
