1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
men commanded by Captain 'William Jenkins, in 
the one hundred and thirty-eighth regiment and 
eleventh brigade of the militia of the State of New 
York , commanded by Lieutenant Colonel George 
H. Nellis, in the war with Great Britain in 1812. 
He was ordered into the service of the United 
States and joined his company of riflemen on the 
7th-day ofSeptember,1814, and marched with said 
company to Sackett's Harbor, and continued in 
actual service of the United States until the 29th 
of September, 1814; that while in camp, in the 
discharge of his duty, being exposed to the cold 
and wet, he was, on or about the 20th of Septem- 
ber, 1814, taken sick with dysentery and the piles 
so severely that his life was despaired of. That 
on or about the 29th of Septennber, 1814, the sur- 
geon of the re(riment, Dr. Joshua Webster, or- 
dered petitioner to be sent some, and he was ac- 
cordingly discharged, sick and disabled, and sent 
home in covered wacron. Petitioner wasa well 
man previous to said sickness; that the said sick- 
ness was not the effect of any vicious conduct on 
his part, and arose solely from great exposure. 
Since that time, his health has been constantly 
impaired; he is wholly ihcapable of performincr 
manual labor, and is greatly afflicted with fre- 
quent attacks of the satne disease. Ehle has re- 
ceived a bounty land warrant from the Depart- 
ment; the reason hc did not apply sooner was, 
that he did not know until recently of the act of' 
Congress eranting pensions to the milit.ia, passed 
April 24, i816. He petitions to receive the bene- 
fit of the act passed April 24, 1816, and to be 
placed om the, pension rolls at the pay of a first 
lieutenant. His application to the Pension Office 
for a pension was rejected on the.ground " that 
the muster-roll of his company, upon which his 
narne is found , furnishes no evidence of disability 
alleged to have been incurred while in the ser- 
vice. 
Mr. SIMMS. What is the amount of pen- 
Sion ? 
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Only per 
month; to commence last March. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read 
a third time; and being enmrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr CLARK B. COCHRANE moved to re- 
consider the vote by which the bill was passed; 
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on 
the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
WASHINGTON CITY POLICE. 
Mr. KILGORE. 1 ask to take up House bill 
No. 900, to organize metropolitan police. 
Mr. THOMAS. I want the bill read for in- 
formation. 
The SPEAKER. It is a very voluminous bill. 
Mr. THOMAS. Then I object, if we cannot 
have it read. 
VAN CAMP, CIIAPIN, AND OTHERS. 
Mr. FOUKE. I ask unanimous consent to have 
the Committee of the Whole House discharged 
from the furthcr consideration of House bill No. 
772, for the relief of Van Camp, Chapin, and 
others. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of VVisconsin. Is it pro- 
posed to put this bill on its passage now? 
The SPEAKER. is. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Then 1 
PRIVATE BUSINESS. 
Mr. TAPPAN. I desire to make a suggestion 
to the House. This, it will be observed, is pri- 
vate bill day. We have not, as yet, this session, 
had a single day devoted to private business. 
now ask unanimous conscntofthe House to make 
Mr. COX. This which-has 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON LIBRARY. 
both Houses; giving -the right of appeal from the 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 offer the following 
lution: 
Resolved, That the special committee of three, appointed 
under the resolution of the 14th instant, bc allowed to sit 
during tbc sessions of the House, and that they have leave 
to employ a reporter to act as clerk, at a rate of compensa- 
tion not exceeding the rate usually paid for similar servieeg. 
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 object. 
Mr. MAYNARD. make the point of order 
that the committee is privileged, by the resolution ! 
originating it, to report at any time. This is a 
report from that committee, and an objection does 
not lie. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point 
of order well taken. 
The question was taken on the resolution; and 
it Was agreed to. 
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconSider the vote 
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
PEACE PROPOSITIONS. 
I desire to pre- 
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 
sent remonstrances from about two hundred citi- 
zens of the district which I represent, against the 
adoption of the propositions which I presented to 
the House a few days since. 
r I'he remonstrances were laid on the table. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask leave to pre- 
sent the proceedings of a Democratic convention 
of thc State of New York, regarding the Critten- 
den compromise. They are signed by six hun- 
dred and fifty delegates. 
Mr. TOMPKINS. 1 must object. This is the 
first day we have had this session for private 
business. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 cannot present it 
If I could, I would not ask to 
under the rules. 
present it in open House. 
Mr. STEVENS,0fPennsylvania. Is there any 
absolute necessity that it should be presented ? 
[Laughter.] 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Oh, yes; it is very 
1 believe the objection 
important. [Laugh ter.] 
is withdrawn. This Will hurt nobody. 
There being no objection, the proceedings were 
laid on the table. 
PRIVATE BUSINESS. 
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 ask leave to have Sen- 
ate bill for the relief of a lady constituent of mine 
taken up and passed. 
Mr. BABBITT. 1 call for the regular order of 
business. 
Mr. TAPPAN. I understand the regular order 
of business to be the arrancretnent made by the 
House to take up and consider the Private Cal- 
endar. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that 
that means in a Committee of the Whole, after 
the morning hour. 
Mr. TAPPAN. The idea was that the Senate 
bills on the Speaker's table should be first dis- 
posed of. I shalt then move to go into a Com- 
mittee of the Whole House. 
The SPEAKER. That course will be taken. 
ENROLLED BILL. 
Mr. RIGGS, from the Committee on Enrolled 
Bills, reported that the committee had examined 
and found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No. — ) 
maki ng further provision in relation to consolidated 
land offices; when the Speaker signed the same. 
COPYRIGHT LAW. 
Mr. COX. I will inquire whether the order of I 
business includes Senate bills other than those of 
this objection day, for the purnose of considering a private nature? There isa bili on the Speaker's 
circuit to the Supreme COurt3 in cöpyi•ighti- and 
patent cases. There can be no objecuon twit: 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Thié is veryim-, 
portant case. It is a public-bill Of a private naturer? 
think there.will be no objectiön to it. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. -better 
carry out thearrapgement which has been. made, 
If it be in order, I will move to go intron-Com- 
mittee ot• t.he Whole House on the Privpte Cal- 
endar. 
Mr. GROW. I think it was then understand- 
ing that we should first take up and dispose-of the 
prviate bills from the Senate, before going into 
committee. 
Mr. TAPPAN. That Was the understanding. 
The SPEAKER. That course will be taken. 
GEORGE GIDDINGS. 
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 62) for-the, benefit 
of George H. Giddings was takea from the 
Speakeé's table; the question bcingon concurritp 
in the amendments of the Senate. 
Mr. GROW. The amendments of the Senate 
are unirnportant, and I will move the previous 
question upon concurring ih them by the I-louse. 
The previous quest.ion. was seconded; and the 
main question ordered to be put. 
The amendments were severally read and con- 
cun•ed in. 
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the amendments weré concurred in;' and 
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
JOHN H. WIIEELER. 
Senate bill No. 270, for the relief of John H: 
Wheeler, Was taken from the Speaker's table, 
and read a first and second time. 
'l'he' bill was read at lenTth. 
Mr. BURNETT. That bill, 1 suppose, making 
an appropriation, must go to a Committee of the 
Whole House. 
The SPEAKER. Itmust,ifobjection be made. 
Mr. BURNETT. lthink it had better go there. 
The bill was accordingly referred to a Com- 
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the report, 
ordered to be printed. 
E. A. ÆI. ADAMS AND-OTHERS. 
Joint resolution (S. No, 63) for the relief of 
Mrs. E. A. H. Adams, Green Thompson, and 
Thomas H. Green, was taken from the Speaker's 
table, road a first and sccond time, and referred 
to the Committee of Claims. 
DEXTER R. CROCKER. 
An act (S. No. 546) for the relief of Dexter R. 
Crocker, was taken from the Speaker's table, and 
read the first and second time. 
Mr. STOUT. 1 would like to- have that bill 
put on its passage. 
The bill was read at length. 
Mr. STOUT. With the consent0ftheHouse, 
I will make a single explanation in reference to 
It provides for paying Mr. Crocker for 
the bill. 
transporting the mail on a route over which' •the 
Department had contracted with a man by the 
name of Chapman to carry the mail; but in con- 
sequence of Indian diffculties, Chapman s,vas un- 
able to carry out his contract. Mr. Crocker was, 
however, so situatcd that he coald carry the mail, 
I-Ie has the certificates the 
and he did carry it. 
postmasters on the route, of the performance of •the 
service. A letter is also presented frorn Chap- 
man, showing that Crocker performed the service. 
The reason why the claim was not paid by the 
Department was, that the contract was made-with 
Cha man. Mr. Crocker now asks that he shall 
table making an amendment in the copyright law 
' be p, id for carrying thiS mail. 
Senate bills to which there shall be no objec- 
I hope the bill will 
which has passed both Houses, and comes up be passed. 
tion. 
with a few verbal, unimportant amendments. I Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I think that bill had 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope we will pursue the 
usual course, and take up all bills of a private i 
character, 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from 
Illinois object to the proposition of the gentleman 
from New Hampshire? 
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir. 
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will consider 
that as the order of the day. 
Mr. GROW. There are some House bills on 
the Speaker's table with Senate amendment* to I 
them. - Let us take them first. 
ask that it may be taken up, and these amend- better be inquired into. 
move to refer it to the 
ments disposed of. 
Committee on the Post Offce and post Roads. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that The motion was agreed to. 
the order of business for to-day relates only to 
JOHN 11. WHEELER—AGAIN. 
private business. 
Mr. BURNETT. The bill forthe 
1Mr. WINSLOW. 'i'heamendmentsare merely 
I hope the Senate amendments will be H. Wheeler was, on my motion, referred to, a. 
verbal. 
I understand 
Committee of the Whole* House. 
taken up, and concurred in. 
that that bill has undergone the thorough investi- 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 think we 
had better go on with the arran&ement the House i gation of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and 
that they think it is just•and proper. The bill 
has just assented to in relation to private bills. 
