THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
THE OFFICIAL PtOCFÆDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. O. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 20 SESSION. 
the Government for the year ending the 30th of June, 1857 
be, and the same is hereby, repealed. 
'I'hat the Senate recede from their third amendment. 
D. E. SICKLES, 
JAMES H. CAMPBELL, 
ALDRICH, 
Managers on the part of the House of Representatives. 
J. A. PEARCE, 
DANIEL CLARK, 
WILLIAM BIGLF,R, 
Managers on the part of the Senate. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f111inois. I-louse 
does not understand what has been done by the 
statement only of the numbers of the amendrnents, 
I hope the gentleman from New York will explain 
the action of the committee of confcrcncc. 
Mr. SICKLIiS. Mr. Speaker, the result of 
the report is, that the Senate recedes from so much 
of its amendment in reference to the postal ser- 
vice appropriation as was disagreed to by the 
House. 
It does not affect the substance of thc 
proposition at all, because thc additional clause 
of the Senate was deemed redundant. 
In reference to the land offce appropriation in 
Kansas, we have modified the ainendment of the 
Senate so as to take away that which was appro- 
priated for omce rent, fuel, &c., and restricting the 
sum to what was found to be. due for clerk hire; 
and we have added to that. a clause repealino• the 
act of 1855—56, under which such allowance was 
made, so as to prevent the allowance of this. sum 
operating as a precedent for future claims of 
similar character. 
In reference to the amendment of the Senate• 
appropriating $300,000 to carry out the contract 
made by [lie. Secretary of the Navy, with which 
the House is familiar, the Senate recedes from its 
amendment. 
It is in that shape, Mr. Speaker, the bill comes 
before the House: without the Chiriqui appro- 
priation; with the Kansas land office appropria- 
tion, modified in the sense have stated; and with 
appropriation for mail service to California, in- 
tact, as it was adopted by the House. 
I demand 
the previous question on the adoption of the 
report. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered; and under the operation 
?.hereof, the report was adopted. 
Mr. SICKLES moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the report was adopted; and also moved 
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the 
•able. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now move House 
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole 
House. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 must insist upon thereg- 
ular order of business. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the spe- 
Cial order, bcincy the report of the committee of 
thirty-three, is the first thing in order at the pres- 
ent timc. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 appealed to the commit- 
tee to rise informally, simply for the purpose of 
considering the report of the committee of con- 
ference on the deficiency bill. That was assented 
I did not wish to 
to on all sides of the House. 
interfere with the order of the House. 
Ellhe motion was agreed to. 
PRIVATE CALENDAR. 
The House accordingly resolved itself into a 
Committee of the Whole I-louse, (Mr. TYVASH- 
BURNE, of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the 
consideration of the bills upon the Private Calen- 
dar. 
SAMUEL N. ELLIOTT. 
A bill (H. R. No. 588) for relief of Samuel 
N. Elliott and others, children of Arthur Elliott. 
IVIr. TOMPKI NS objected. 
Mr. BURNETT. Ifit is purpose of the 
gentleman from Ohio to objectifidiscriminate]y to 
every bill upon the Calendar, as i understand the 
gentleman has announced that he will, without 
reference to their merits, the committee had cer- 
I ask the gentleman if that is 
tainly better rise. 
his purpose? 
61 
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1861. 
Mr. TOMPKINS. 1 do not propose to object 
to every bill indiscriminately. This bill proposes 
to pay money to a man in Georgia. I understand 
that Georgiadoes notconsiderherselfin the Union 
now, and therefore I objected. 
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. 1 move that 
the committee rise. 
The motion •svas not agreed to. • 
REBECCA DAVIS. 
A bill (H. R. No. 589) for the relief0fRebecca 
Davis, widow of Jesse Davis. 
Mr. HOARD. I think there is too muéh doubt 
about that case, and therefore I object. 
Mr. BURNETT. I do not khow anything 
about tl)is claim, but if the party is entitled to 
anything, she is entitled to $560. 
Mr. HOARD. It goes back twenty years. 
WILLIAhL HUMPHREY. 
A bill (H. R. No. 590) for the relief of the 
children of William Humphrey, a soldier of the 
Revolution. 
Mr. HOLMAN. There is pending before Con- 
gress a generat bill which embraces au cases of 
this kind, and therefore I object. 
At a sn bsequent. period, 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, appealed to the 
gentleman from Indiana to withdraw his objec- 
lions. 
HOLMAN. 1 will withdraw my objec- 
tion. 
The CHAIRMAN. By unanimous consent 
that can l.)e done. 
Mr. HOLMAN. My objection was based upon 
the fact Lhat a general bill is pending covering all 
such cases; but I withdraw it. 
The bill requires the Secretary of the Treas- 
ury to pay to the surviving legitimate children of 
Wiliinm Humphrey, deceased, a revolutionary 
soldier, late of Virginia, out of any money in tbc 
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of 
four dollars per month, to commence from the 4th 
of March , 1831, to the 22d of March, 1850, the day 
of his death. 
It appears from the report, which was read, 
that the evidence sufficiently establishes the fact 
that Humphrey 'wvas a soldier of the Revolution, 
and served asa private in the American Army at 
the sieo•e ot• Yorktown, and continued in such 
service til\ after [hc surrender of the Bri tish arrnv ; 
that the length of time he served in the said Army 
does not appear, except from his own affidavit, 
which states it at seventeen It also ap- 
pears that said Elumphrey, in his lifetime, to Wit, 
August 23, 1833, made application, in due form, for 
a pension under the act of the 7th of April, 1832, 
the granting of which, through no fault or neglect 
on his part, was delayed till his decease, which 
was in March, 1850; that he left surviving chit- 
dren, the petitioners, hut no widow; that said chil- 
dren have been diligent in presenting their claim 
for the arrears of pension due their deceased father 
at the time of his death. 
The bill laid aside, to bc reported to the 
House with a recommendation that it do pass. 
ARCHIBALD MERRIMAN. 
A bill (H. R. No. 59) granting a pension to 
Archibald Merriman. 
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to 
place the name of Archibald Merriman on the 
Invalid pension rolls of the United States, at the 
dollars per month, to commence on 
rate of 
the 13th of Decenlber, 1858, and continue during 
his natural life. 
From the report, which '*vas read, it appears 
that the petitioner enlisted as a private in May, 
1813, under Captain Amberson, a recruiting offi- 
, in Stoystown, Somerset county, Pennsylva- 
nia. He marched to 'Pittsburg, and from t.bence, 
under Colonel Hugh Brady, marched to Fort 
George, in Canada; thence down the St. Law- 
rence to French A:liils, under General Wilkinson; 
from thence marched to Plattsburg; from Platts- 
burg they went to Burlington, Vermont; after- 
wards joined General Brown's army at Black 
Rock; was in the battle of Chippewa, July, 1814; 
NEW SERIES... ...NO, 61m 
was also in the battie of Lundy's Lape,on the 
25th of the same month,and was woundéd;mught 
bravely, and was in the charge made by Lieu- 
tenant. Sturgis on -the enemy's canncn$, in which 
Sturgis was killed; afterwards -was at Fort Erie 
when. it was blown up, in AnéuÅt,.1814, md was 
theré again wounded the 'leg; and iti conse- 
qucnce of which he has been unable, for sixteen 
years past, to perform manual labor. 
Mr. FENTON. -1 that the blank be filled 
eicht.." 
The motion was agreed to. 
The bill was laid aside, to ,bé' reporqed to-the 
House with a recommendaiion that it do pass. 
CAROLINE CLARK. 
A bill (H. R. No. 592) for the relief of Caro- 
line E. Clark. 
Mr. CONKLING objected. 
HENRY SANFORD. 
A bill (H. R. No. 593) for the relief of Henry 
Sanford. 
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interioi• to 
put the name of Henry Så'nford, of Freeddnh, 
Maine, on the invalid pension list, at the rate of 
eight dollars per month, to commence on the 1st 
of December, 1855, and continue during his nat- 
•ural life. 
The report, which was read, states that. the evi- 
dence in this case shows that the said Henry San- 
ford enlisted in Dece.mber, 1812, in a company of 
volunteers commanded by Captain John Com- 
mins, and marched to the eastern frontier of the 
then district of Maine; that- he was frequently on 
duty during the night time, and through the'win- 
ter, watching fin• smugglers. Near the close of 
the winter he was taken sick while in the service; 
was very sick for about tsvo months, after which 
he partially recovered so as to occasionally be on 
duty and attend roll-call, and was discharged at 
Eastport in December, 1813. It further appears 
tl)atsoon after his return home he was taken down 
sick again by a disorder in the back and kidneys; 
and after about six tnonths he measurably recov- 
cred so as to in part attend to his business as a 
fanner for a time, but for the last twenty years 
has been. entirely prostrated, and for more than 
sixteen years has been unable to stand upon his 
feet. These facts are substantiated by the affda- 
vits of two of his fellow-soldiers who were with 
hirn in the United States service in 1812 and 1813, 
and have been well acquainted with him since, 
now reside near him, and have frequently visited 
him during his confinement; and his family phy- 
sician also testifies that he has frequently visited 
him professionally during thirty-nine years last 
past, and that said Sanford has,been entirely pros- 
trated, has had n runnincy sore on his back for 
twenty years, and that he has no doubt his pros- 
tration is in consequence of his exposure as afore- 
said. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 move to amend the biki, 
so that the pension shall commence from the time 
when the bill passes. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The bill, as amended, -was laid aside, to be re- 
ported to the House with a recommendation that 
it do pass. 
MOSES GROOMS. 
A bill (H. R. N. 594) for the relief of Moses 
Grooms. 
I Mr. TOMPKINS. 1 object to that bill. 
Mr. BURNETT. Does tl]e gentleman object 
becauSe the claimant resides in a State which has 
seceded ? 
Mr. TOMPKINS. Yes, sir. 
JCDITII NOTT. 
A bill (H. R. No. 595) for the relief0fJudith 
Nott, widow of John Nott, late- of the United 
States Army. 
The Ifill and reporo were read. 
Mr. QU ARLES. I desire to know when the 
pension in this case commences? The bill does 
not state. 
The CHAIRMAN. The bill states from the 
date of the disability incurred." 
