962 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 16, 
F. BOWERS. 
Mr. QU ARLES. That may be twenty years 
aro. 
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know of the gen- 
deman who reported this bili whether this is one 
of the same family of Notts for which we passed 
two bills last winter? 
The CHAIRMAN.- The gentleman who re- 
ported the bill [Mr. FOSTER] is not in his seat. 
Mr. BURNETT. My recollection is that this 
ig the very same person for whose relief we passed 
a biil last winter; and if so, I object. 
JAMES VAN PELT. 
A bill (H. R. No. 596) for the relief of James 
Van Pelt. 
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to 
place the name of James Van Pelt on the roll of 
invalid pensions, and to pay him a pension at the 
rate of eight dollars per month, commencing on 
the 4th of March, 1859. 
The report, which was read, shox.vs that James 
Van Pelt was a corporal in the company of New 
York militia commanded bv Captain Abner 
Woodworth; and it also show's that after he so 
entered the service he became sick from extraor- 
dinary exposure to the weather and cold while 
on the march westward and in the line of his 
duty, which resulted in partial paralysis, that has 
incapacitated him from labor. 
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the 
House with a recommendation that it do pass. 
WILLIAM W. DIEHL. 
A bill (H. R. No. 597) to increase the pensien 
of William W. Diehl. 
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to 
place the . name of William W. Diehl on the roll 
of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eimht dollars 
per month, in lieu of the pension that he now re- 
ceives, and that the same commence on the 4th of 
March, 1860. 
The report, which was read, states that the peti- 
tioner was a soldier in the war with Mexico, and 
received a wound in the elbow by a musket ball. 
He was honorably discharged as wounded, and 
subsequently obtained a pension for partial inabil- 
ity to perform his manual labor. Since then he 
has totally lost the use of his arm, as certified by 
the United States surgeon. The petitioner asks 
an increase from $5 33 to eight dollars per month. 
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the 
House with a recommendation that it do pass. 
DANIEL LUCAS. 
A bill (H. R. No. 598) granting a pension to 
Daniel Lucas. 
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to 
place the name of Daniel Lucas upon the roll of 
Invalid pensions, at the rate of eight dollars per 
month, and that he receive pay from the 4th of 
March, 1859. 
From the report, which was read, it appears I 
that I)aniel Lucas enlisted in the United States 
Army, and was attached to cornpany E, third 
United States infantry, then under ccnnma nd of I 
Captain Van Horne, which was ordered to New 
Mexico. It appears from the proof that while in 
garrison, he, with others, was ordered by Captain 
Van Horne to haul water from the Rio Grande I 
river for the use of the troops; that while in the 
execution of these orders, and during the progress I 
of loading the wagons with hauls of water, he I 
overstrained himself, and was seen suddenly to 
fall, and hiscomradesgoing to hisassistance found 
he had been severely ruptured and powerless. 
The Army surgeons certity he has hernia, and 
in consequence he was discharged from the ser- i 
vice for disability, as unfit for the service. There I 
seems to be no doubt but this hernia is fixed and 
incurable. The petitioner applied to the Pension 
OMce for a pension, but the regulations requiring 
the proof of disability to be made by. an offcer in 
command, and Captain Van Horne being dead, 
and the other offcers on distant posts on duty, 
MARY ANN HENRY. 
Mr. JUNK IN. ask the unanimous consent 
of the committee to go back and take up the bill 
(H. R. No, 311) for the relief of Mrs. Mary Ann 
Henry. 
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 am very willing to go 
back to the beginning of the Calendar. 
Mr. JUN K IN. I desired to do so, but it was 
not agreed to. I voted for the motion to go back 
to the beginning of the Calendar. 
Mr. WINSLOW. Make motion now, and 
let us try it again. 
Mr. JUNK IN. I move that the committee go 
back to the cojnmencement of the Calendar. 
Mr. HOARD. It will be seen that the last part 
of the Calcndar will never be reached if we pursue 
that course. 
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by 
unanimous consent. 
Mr. HOARD. I object to going back. 
Mr. JUNKIN. 1 ask the gentleman from 
North Carolina to withdraw his objection to taking 
up that bill. 
Mr. svVINSLOW. If the House will extend 
to me the same privilege, I will withdraw my 
objection. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair objec- 
tion. 
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Do 1 
stand that any gentleman has the right to go back 
and call up a bill after it has been passed ? 
The CHAIRMAN. only by unanimous con- 
sent. 
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. 1 shall object 
hereafter. 
The bill, which was read, directs the Commis- 
sioner of Pensions to place the name of Mrs. 
Mary Ann Henry, of Pennsylvania, widow of 
the late Captain Henry Henry, of the United 
States Navy, on the naval pension roll, at the rate 
allowed by law to the widows of captains in the 
Navy, to commence from the 1st January, 1858, 
A bill (H. R. Nc» 602) granting an invalid pen- 
Sion to Henry F. Bowers. 
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to 
I place the name of Henry F. Bowers on the list 
Of invalid pensioners, and pay him a pension at 
the rate of eight dollars per month, from the 25th 
of January, 1858, and. continue during his natu- 
ral life. 
It appears from the report, that Bowers was a 
private of marines, and enlisted on the 22d of 
January, 1853, and was discharged by surgeon's 
certificate on the 20th April, 1855; that his disa- 
bility was caused by inflammation of the eyes, 
produced by standing guard while on board the 
receiving-ship Union, at the Philadelphia navy- 
yard. Since his discharge, as aforesaid, he has 
become blind. 
Mr HOARD. i do not see why the pension 
should date back in that case. 
Mr. FLORENCE. The case has been here 
ever since the time to which it dates back. 'I'he 
bill is two yearsold; but it has never been reached 
on the Calendar. The man is totally blind, and 
the bill only gives him eight dollars a month. 
Mr. HOARD. The certificate accompanying 
the report does not state that the man is blind. 
Mr. FLORENCE. The practice of the Pen- 
Sion Offce is to make the pension commence from 
the date of proof; and we had the proof here two 
years ago. 
I'lr'lr. HOARD. I move to amend the bill so as 
to make the pension commence from the date of 
its passacye. 
'I'he ainendment was agreed to ; and the bill wag 
then aside, to be reported to the House. 
IIULL AND COZZENS, AND NAYLOR AND CO. 
A bill (H. R. No. 624) for the relief of Hull & 
Cozzens, and John Naylor Co. 
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury 
to audit 'Ind settle the accounts of Hull & Coz- 
p; zens, under a contract with Mark W. Izzard, 
the date of her application, and to continue durino 
her life, unless she shall again marry, in which Governor of the Territory of Nebraska, dated the 
case the pension cease from the date of said mar- 
riage . 
Mr. HOARD. I would inquire of the gentle- 
man from Pennsylvania what pension is allowed 
in this case? 
Mr. JUNKIN. 1 cannot state exactly. 
Mr. HOARD. I desire to know how much it 
is, or I must obiect. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 reported this case dur- 
ing the last Congress; and then inquired of the 
Commissioner of Pensions what this bill would 
give, aud he told me fifty dollars a month. 
Mr. HOARD. understand that the gentle- 
man from Pennsvlvania is willing that the bill 
shall be amended so as to reduc.e the amount to 
twenty dollars a month. 
Mr. JUN KILN. I move to reduce it to twenty- 
five dollars a month. 
Mr. FLORENCE. That is not just. The 
amount ought to be thirty dollars. 
Mr. JUNKIN. She will be dead before sixty 
days pass. She is now upon her death bed. 
Mr. FLORENCE. still, justice ought to be 
done. 
Mr. HOARD. The bill gives her two years' 
back pay. 
The amendment wag agreed to; and the bill 
was then laid aside, to be reported to the House. 
Mr. McKENTY. I ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the committee to go back upon the Cal- 
endar, and take up House bill No. 437. 
Mr. WINSLOW. I cannot consent to going 
back upon the Calendar'. A similar request was 
refused to me; and I only agreed to it, in a single 
instance, out of courtesy to the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania, [Mr. JUNKIN.] 
LEOPOLD SCHNEIDER. 
A bill (H. R. No. 599) grantinff a pension to 
the petitioner has been unable to supply this de- Leopold Schneider. [Objected to By Mr. BARR.] 
ROBERT PURC11ASn. 
sitions and proof from the subordinate offcers 
would preclude the petitionerfi•om complying with A bill (H. R. No. 601) granting a pension to 
the offce requirements. Two of the persons who Robert Purchase, a soldier of the revolutionary 
were present at the time of the occurrence and war. 
saw it, testify as to the fact, and their testimony The bill was read . 
is corroborated by the snrrreon 's certificate, and Mr. BURNETT. It is unnecessary to read the 
his discharge from the service for disability. 
report in that case. The bilk proposes to go back 
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the I to 1831, and that I regard as outrageous. I ob- 
House with a recommendation that it do pass. 
ject to the bill. 
28th of November, 1855; and the accounts of John 
Nziylor & Co., undera similar contract, dated the 
1 25th of February, 1856, for furnishing materials 
for the capitol buildings at Omaha City, in Ne- 
bl aska Territory; and to pay to the said Hull & 
Cczzens, and to the said John Naylor & Co., out 
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap- 
propriated, any balance which may be found due 
them on their said contracts. 
I The report having been read, and there being 
no objection to the bill, it was laid aside, to be re- 
portcd to the House with a recommendation that 
it do pass. 
BENJAMIN TYSON. 
Mr. McKENTY. 1 now ask the consent of 
the House to take up House bill No. 437, for the 
réiief of Benjamin Tyson, 
understand that the 
gentleman from North Carolina is wiliiry«r to Wibh- 
draw his objection. 
Mr. WINSLOW. Yes, sir; 1 it. 
The bill was read. It provides that there be 
paid, out of any inoney in the Treasury not other- 
wise appropriated, to Benjamin Tyson, the sum of 
*6,060, with interest from December .31, 1857, it 
being the balance of commissions due him as agent 
of the Navy Dapartment for the purchase of an- 
thracite coat. 
Mr. T 1-10M AS. I obiect to that bill'. 
Mr. WINSLOW. Where does that bill stand 
upon the Calendar? 
ThcCHAIRMAN. The Chair does not know. 
Thebill was sent up by the gentleman from Pena- 
sylvania. 
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a question of order.. 
This bill has once before been objected to; 
under the new rules, it requires the objection to 
be made now by five members to be avaüablo. 
Mr. THOMAS. This bill has not been reached 
therefore the point of order does not apply to it. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the 
rule upon the subject; and then the Chair will 
decide the question of order. 
The Clerk read the 129th rule, ns follows: 
tille first and fourth Friday and Saturday of' each 
i month the Calendar of private bills be called aver, 
(the chairman of the Corunittec the W bole [louse 
Incncing the call where he keft oii' the 
previous d'dY,) and 
the bii\s to the passage of wilieh no objection shall t 
inade shali be fli*t considered and disposed But vvhen 
