964 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 16. 
From tbe other claim, a deduction of $301 is 'The Committee on Commerce recommended 
insisted on by the Department; which sum is 
the following amendment: 
alleged to have been improperly paid to the peti- 
Add to the bill : 
tioner upon a former settlement, for boat and and provided further, That the intent and meaning of 
hand hire incurred by him in weighing. This this act shall in no case be construed inro a release of the 
said Simon de Viscer and José-Villarubäa of or from any 
expense, according to the view of the case taken 
duties justly chargeable upon the goods and Inerchandise 
properly belonged to the offce of weigher, and 
entered in their behalf by the said Charles Météyé, in the 
should have been paid out of his fees. 
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the 
House with a recommendation that it do pass. 
RICHARD CIIENDRY. 
A bill (S. No. 77) for the relief of Richard 
Chevery. The bill directs the commissioner of 
customs to settle the account of Richard Chenery, 
assignee of Horace P. Russ, for the construction 
by the latter of the granite pavmnent on Battery 
street, in front of the United States custom-house, 
at San Francisco, and to pay him such sum as 
may be shown to be legally and equitably due, 
with interest at six per centum per annum, from 
the completion of the work, out of any moneys 
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, pro- 
vided the said sum shall not exceed $3,890. 
The committee recom mend the follo wing amend- 
ment: 
Strike out all after the words equitably due," and in- 
sert, ill lieu thereof, the foEiowing : 
Proeided, That the whole amount shall not excced the 
whole eöst of laying a comxnon cobb)e-stone pavement 
thereat. 
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. If the com- 
mittee will allow me, I will make a brief expla- 
nation of the bill. This claim is brought. against 
theGovernme.nt for half the cost of work done in 
paving one of the streets of San Francisco. It 
was originally done under a contract made be- 
tween the owner of the opposite side of the street 
and the assicnor of the present claimant. The 
municipal law of San Francisco requires that pri- 
vate individuals shall, at their joint expense, keep 
in repair the various streetson either side of which 
they own property. This street was, as the evi- 
dence shows, iri an almost impassable condition, 
although it was one of the greatest thoroughfares 
of the city. The United States court was held on 
one side of it, and the custom-house on the other. 
The owner of the United States court-house build- 
ing entered into this contract with Mr. Russ. He 
endeavored to obtain the sanction of the United 
States authorities; but there was no authority in 
any one there to give that consent. The col- 
lector, district judge, and other Government of- 
ficers, gave the matter their privat.e approbation, 
though they had no authority to enter mto a con- 
tract that would be binding on the Federal Gov- 
ernment. The work was done; and an applica- 
tion was then made by the assignee to be paid an 
equal sum with that paid by the original contractor 
for his half. The claim, as it originally passed 
the Senate, was for a pavement of [he Russ kind; 
but it has been reduced to the unere cost of a cob- 
ble-stone pavement—about. thirteen hand red dol- 
absence of any fraud attempted or committed in their entry 
by the• said Météyé. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the committee 
will listen to me a moment, I think I can explain 
this bill satisfactorily. 
Mr. CAREY. 1 object. 
Mr. GROW. It seems to me there is a suit 
pending in court of justice, in this case. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There is. 
Mr. GROW. Then, 1 must object to the bill. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 think 1 can ex- 
plain it to the satisfaction of the House. 
Mr. GROW. I do not object to the gentleman 's 
explanation. 
I Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 would not weary 
the committee with any statement in this case, 
were it not very important to the Treasury De- 
I partment, as well as to the claimants. I will state 
briefly what the facts au•e. There was a firm in 
New Orleans, under the style of De Visser & Vil- 
larubia, subsisting from 1851 to 1857, havincr a 
limited partner named Charles Météyé. In the 
course of three years Métöyé fraudulently intro- 
I duced, through ihe custom house of New Orleans, 
merchandise to the amount of $363,850 34. He 
was discovered in an attempt to enter two hun- 
dred and three boxesofsugar, valued at $12,210 85. 
The discovery was effected through the instru- 
mentality of special agent sent on from Wash- 
ington. 
During these three years, the negligence of the 
employös of the custom-house, from the highest 
down to the lowest offcer, was so great and cul- 
pable, that invoices were introduced by Météyé, 
of so palpably fraudulent a character that the 
most cursory observer could detect them. They I 
ties should be exempted from all penalty on con- 
dition of their pay ing the duties. But the Secretary 
of the Treasury asks that they be also obliged to 
pay, in addition to the $24,517 78, the stun of 
$10,112 85, the value ofthe two hundred and three 
boxes of sugar. 
Now, I think, with all due deference to the Sec- 
retary of the Treasury, that the Committee on 
Commerce were wise in the recommendation they 
made; but I nevertheless submit the amendment 
prepared at the Treasury Department, 
that this 
committee may determine for themselves whether 
they will adopt the recomrnendation of the Corn- 
mitteeon Commerce, or that recommended by the 
Treasury De artment. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to 
the gentleman froru New York, that when the bill 
was up beforc, the amendment of the Committee 
on Commerce was adopted. By unanimous con- 
sent, however, a vote can be taken upon the 
amendinent the gentleman from New York now 
proposes. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask the unani- 
mous consent to offer this amendment, which has 
been prepared at the Treasury Department, as a 
substitute for the bill as amended, on motion of 
the Committee on Commerce. I will repeat, how- 
ever, that, in my judgment, it will be wise for this 
committee to adhere to its decision, and pass the 
bill as it is now amended. 
No objection being made, the substitute was 
received and read. 
Mr. BOULIGNY. It is due to the House that 
I should state. that the firm of De Visser & Vil- 
larubia is one of the oldest and most respectable 
commercial houses in the city of New Orleans. I 
happen to know all the circumstances of the case. 
This Météyé was a young man, employed as a 
clerk by the house. After serving for several 
years, the firm were satisfied with him, and they 
gave him an interest in the business. Ele was 
attending to the whole. of their custom-house busi- 
ness; and the whole fraud committed by him was 
failed to detect them, or if detected, they failed to II 
I unknown to the house, as is shown by the books 
expose them. It is not contradicted that about i 
of the firrn. Those books show the whole amount 
forty-four invoices for swyar and molasses were 
written on paper entirely different in appearance 
from the foreign paper on which genuine invoices 
were written. A simple inspection of one of these 
invoices would instantly satisfy any person ac- 
quainted with business that it was a forgery; yet 
nearly forty passed unsuspected! Nay, more 
all these forgeries were in Météyé's own hand- 
writing—undisguised, well known ill the custom- 
house—yet no one detected the forgery. The 
case underwent a judicial criminal examination; 
and the certificate of the United States Commis- 
sioner is this: 
NEW ORLEANS, .np•rü 22, 1857. 
'I'he under*igned commissioner hereby certifies that, 
. after a careful examination of tbc above entitled case, he 
was satisfied that there was no ground for prosecutilig the 
defkhldant,s, the evidence sl'lowinø conclusively that the 
frauds 01) the cust0111S. perpetrated by Charles Météyé, were 
lars. seems to me that the Federal Govern t-acnt f I exclusively his own crime. The det'endants fully exoner- 
o&luties paid into the custom-house; and it is 
also shown clearly that Météyé received from t.hem 
the full amount of duties charged upon the ori- 
II gina\ invoices. The courts determined that these 
gentlemen had nothing to do with the fraud, and 
that Météyé was the only one in fault. 
And let rne state another thin= to the commit- 
It was understood, at the time, that after 
tee. 
I the officers of thc custom-house had given noticc 
that they had discovered the fraud, thev allowed 
Météyé three days to escape from Orleans 
before any attempt was made to arrest him; and 
after that + 
, ohey knew exactly where he was, bat 
did not pursue him, or make any attempt to 
his arrest. 
He has since run away, and I be- 
iieve is now, perhaps, in France. 
I think it is 
' due, under all these circumstances, that thése gen- 
tlemen should be released from the penalties for 
which they are liable under the law. 
Mr. If I understand this question 
corrcctly, the court acquitted these gentlemen 
from any complicity in the perpetration of the 
ought not to take this man 's work and refuse to 
pay him. The Government is under a moral ob- 
ligation to pay him; and I hope the Government 
will not repudiate an obligation of this descrip- 
tion, which no private individual would for a mo- 
ment hesitate to pay. 
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill, 
as amended, was laid aside, to be reported to the 
House with a recommendation that It do pass. 
DE VISSER AND VILLARUBIA. 
An act (S. 39) for the relief of Simon de Visser 
and José Villarubia, of New Orleans. 
The bill releases SimoY1 de Visser and José Vil- 
larubia, jr., merchants of New Orleans, from the 
pavment of all claims, penalties, and forfeitures 
the United States, arising out of frauds commit- 
ted in the custom-house of New Orleans by one 
Charles Météyé, they having been judicially de- 
clared to be entirely innocent of said frauds; and 
ated themselves from any suspicion of complicity with the 
said Mét6yé, and were accordingly discharged. 
ROBERT M. LUSHER, 
United States Comvnissioncr. 
A bill was passed in the Senate exonerating 
these parties entirely. It came before the Corn- 
mittee on Commerce. That committee disagreed 
with the Senate in this respect: declaring that, if 
De Visser and Villarubia had received the benefit 
of these frauds, they should take no advantage of 
the success of Météyes fraud, but should pay the i 
I just and proper duties on these goods. Thesc 
i duties amounted to #24,517 78. 
But, Mr. Chairman, I received recently from 
the Secretary of the Treasury an amendment 
which I will propose to the bill instead of the 
which may legally exist against them, in favor of arnendment reported by the Committee on Com- 
merce. Mötéyé's fraud was discovered on Sat- 
urday; he was informed of the discovery; he be- 
Mr. BOULIGNY. Entirely. 
Mr. GROW. Then, I have no objection to 
the passage of the bill. 
The question being upon the substitute offered 
by Mr. J0HN COCHRANE, it was taken; and the 
substitute was disagreed to. 
The bill, as amended, was then laid aside to be 
reported to the House with the recommendation 
that it do pass. 
JOHN W. NYE—AGAIN. 
The committee then resumed the consideration 
of bill (H. R. ND. 628) to provide for the pay- 
mentofthe claim of J. W. Nye, assignee of' Peter 
he returned to the custom-house The report was read. 
especially releases them from the penalties and on the Monday foliowing, and was permitted to . Mr. GROW. If the bill can be amended, so 
forfeitures claimed by reason of said frauds in two depart unmolested; but the petitioners v..yere kept 
trayed great altuun, lest the discovery should be Eargy, jr., and Hugh Stewart. 
communicated; 
suits now pending in the district c&urt of the Uni- in ignorance of the discovery until Mondav after- 
ted States for the eastern district of Louisiana, in ! noon, when the criminal had already esoapod, 
which the United States are plaintiffs, and said and all chance Of redress from him had been cut 
De Visser and Villarubia are defendants, provided off forever. 
that the said defendants shall pay all costs in- 
A more gross instance of negligence on the part 
curred in said suits, and that the rights of the of functionaries of the Government has never 
United States against said Charles Météyö he, and fallen under my observation. The committee rc- 
ported this amendment so that these innocent par- I 
they are hereby, expressly reserved. 
that the amount to be paid shall be limited, I have 
no objection to it. 
ME, THOMAS. 1 object. 
F. r. BROSE. 
Mr. HOARD. I ask the consent of the corn- 
mittee to go back on the Calendar and take up 
House bill No. 586, for the relief of the legal rep- 
resentatives of Frederick F Brose, deceased. It 
