1•861. 
from Kentucky withdrew his motion for that pur- 
pose. After the special order is taken up, I shall 
ask for a recess, under the previous order of the 
House. 
Mr. BURNETT. Inasmuch as the day has 
been occupied by the consideration of private bills, 
I do not think it is fair to the gentleman from 
Maryland, [Mr. xvVEBSTER,] who was entitled to 
the floor to-day, to compel him to proceed this 
evemng. 
Mr. GROW. I expressly stated, in the first 
instance, that a recess should be taken with the 
understanding that the gentleman from Maryland 
should have the floor on Monday. A number of 
other gentlemen desire to speak this evening. 
Mr. BURNETT. Then 1 have no objection. 
The SPEAKER. The special order, being 
the report of the committee of thirty-three, is be- 
fore t]'1C Elouse for considcration. 
Mr. GROW. I move to take a recess until 
seven o'clock. 
Mr. STEVENS, ofPennsylvania. 1 move that 
the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was not agreed to. 
Mr. GARNETT. Is the object of recess 
general debate upon the special order? That re- 
quires unanimous consent. 
Mr. GROW. The object is debate; 
but there is an order of the House which obliges 
I ask that it 
us to take a recess at four o'clock. 
be done now, so that we may not be obli«ed to 
remain here until four o'clock. In half an hour's 
time we shall be obliged to take a recess. 
Mr. GARNETT. Then, 1 have no objection. 
SAMUEL S. GREEN. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
967 
I will not withdraw the objection until he gets 
cool again. [Laughter,] 
Mr. MORSE. It is the only favor I ever asked 
of the House. 
Mr. HOARD. I ask the gentleman to state 
how much the fines amount to, and he gocs off 
into a rambling and excited statement from which 
no one can possibly make out anything about the 
claim. 
Mr. MORSE. I am just as cool as my friend. 
I stated that the fines amounted during the year 
to about nine thousand dollars; and the Post Offce 
Committee tell you that this is as just a bill as 
ever came before the House. 
Mr. HOARD. Then I withdraw my objection. 
The bill was then ordered to a third reading; 
and it was accordingly read the third time, and 
passed. 
Mr. MORSE moved to reconsider tbe vote by 
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay 
the motion to reconsider upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
NEW GRANADA AND COSTA RICA. 
Mr. HUMPHREY. ask the I-louse to put 
upon its passage Senate bill No. 543, to carry 
into effect conventions between the United States 
and tbc Republics of New Granada and Costa 
It is necessary that it should be passed 
Rica. 
immediately, in order to carry it.)to effect conven- 
tions with New Granada and Costa Rica for the 
payment of indemnity to our citizens for losses 
It simply provides for the ap- 
there incurred . 
pointmcntofcommissioners in pursuance of treaty 
stipulations. 
r l'here being no objection to the bill, it was 
Mr. MORSE. 1 ask the indulgence of the ordered to a and was accordingly 
read the third time, and passed. 
I have u littlc private bill that 
House a moment. 
Mr. HUMPHREY moved to reconsider the 
I desire to call up. I am going out of Congress 
on the 4th of March, and I am very anxious to I 
get this bill through before I leave. Ono of my 
constituents and agentfeman in New Orleans are 
equal\y interested in this matter, and i would like 
to have it taken up as a Union measure. [Laugh- 
ter.] I move that the Committee of the Whole 
House be discharged from the further considera- 
tion of House bill No. 514, for the relief of Sam- 
uel S. Green. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 object to 
all these Union measures. [Laugh ter.] 
T hc bill was read. It provides that tbe fines 
imposed by the Post Department. on Sam- 
uel S. Green, of New Orleans, while carrying the 
mails on route 3503, from New Orleans and other 
ports in the Gulf of Mexico, to Key West and 
back, when he failed to depart from, or arrive at 
any of said ports at precisely the schedule time, 
be remitted; and it directs the proper accountino 
officers of the Treasury to settle his accounts, und I 
allow him the amount of said fines and the balance 
due him under his contract. 
Mr. HOARD. Objection was made by the gen- I 
tleman from Pennsylvania to the consideration of I 
that bill, antl I do not know why it has been read. 
Mr. BOCOCK. I am satisfied the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania did not mean his objection to 
be entertained by the Chair. He is a man who 
He puts in objec- 
is very much misunderstood. 
tions when he does not mean them to be enter- 
tained. [Laughter.] 
Mr. MORSE. Of course he does not object. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under- 
stand the gentleman from Pennsylvania as object- 
Mr. HOARD. 1 object to the bill. 
votc by which the bill was passed; and also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to 
SAMUICL PERRY. 
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the House that the Committee of the 
Whole House be discharged from the further con- 
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 678) for the re- 
lief of Samuel Perry. It is the first bill I have 
ever asked the House to pad, and it is very 
meritorious claim. 
It directs the Secretary of 
The bill was read. 
the Treasury to pay to Samuel Perry the sum of 
$638 98, the amount improperly deducted from 
freight for transportation of Indian supplies in the 
yeai• 1837, a portion of which was lost by the 
sinking of a flat-boat. 
Thei•e being no objection, the Committee of the 
Whole. House was discharged from the further 
consideration of the bill. 
It was then ordered to be encrrossed and read a 
third time; and being en«rosscd, it was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the 
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved 
to lay the motion to reconside.r upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
Mr. KILGORE. 1 ask House to put upon 
its passage bill No. 917. 
Mr. WINSLOW. lob.iect. 1 have had 
twice to-day, and. have been taken off it by objec- 
tions. 
Mr. THOMAS. move that the House do 
now adjourn. 
Mr. GROW. If that motion is insisted on, I 
Mr. MORSE. Let me say to the gentleman, 
that this bill has been unanimously reported by shall have to call the yeas and nays upon it so as 
It only proposes to to take up the time tili four o'clock, in order that 
the Post Office Committee. 
we may have a recess till seven this eveninc. 
remit certain fines imposed upon Mr. Green, for 
Mr. THOMAS. Is any business to be done 
coming into port only a few hours after the sched- 
ule time, in consequence of fogs and storms. He after the recess—anything but speech-making? 
Several MEMBERS. No; no. 
not only got nothing for the trips, but was fined 
Mr. THOMAS. Then I withdraw the motion 
$2,000. All he asks is that those fines shall be 
to adjourn. 
remitted. 
Mr. GROS'V. I then propose that we take a 
Mr. HOARD. What do the fines amohnt to. 
recess now, until seven o'clock this evening. 
Mr. MORSE. The fines amount to about nine 
thousand dollars. They ruined the man, and you i Mr. BURNETT. I want it understood that 
want to continue to ruin him. The Government the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. WEBSTER] 
is this very day paying $76,000 to a contractor is to have the floor when the special order next 
for performing the very same service which he i comes up after to-day. 
Mr. GROW. Certainly. 1 proposed that at 
perforrned for $24,000. I call the previous ques- 
I the 
tion on the biil. 
that, by general consent. of -the 
tleman from Maryland [Mr. WEBSTER] istO have 
the fli)or on the•special or-her on Monday , or 4V4hen 
next it comes up after to-day. -C Cries Of "Amreed'!" 
and Certainly ! 
The House then, (at twenty minuteS to four 
o'clock, p. m. , ) by unanimous consent, took a 
recess until •seven o'clock this evening. 
EVENING SESSION. 
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, m., 
(Mr. ALDRICH occupying the Chair as Speaker 
pro tempore,) and immediately resumed - the c•on- 
sideraüon of the special order, being the reportof 
the committee of thirty-three on the present eon, 
dition of the country. 
Mr. SOMES. Mr. Speaker, I do not propose, 
in the brief space of time f shall occupy, to fatigue 
the House With a recital of the present diMculLies 
which seem to threaten the peace and stability 
of the nation. Thcy are already too familiar to 
every American citizen; and are but the resulb•Qf 
an attempt to override the laws of civilization, by 
endeavoring to force slavery upon enlightened 
communities where the institution never before 
existed . 
rl'he advocates of slavery have tried to harmon• 
ize the most intensified despotism on earth with 
free schools and Christianity. They have in- 
sulted the intelligence of the North by declaring 
that wron«r is right, and that allNho differ, from 
them in this conclusion should be gagged. They 
have undertaken to unite two repellant bodies, and 
because they would not fuse now threaten to break 
the crucible. Any political chemist could have 
foretold the result. 
When the fathers framed the Government, they 
weere compelled to tolerate slavery, from the ne- 
cessity of the case; but, at the same time, they 
adopted the theory of equality among men, and 
provided in the Constitution the means that were 
sure to lead to its ultimate triumph, nämely, free 
speech and a free press. They did not fear error 
so long as truth was left free. to combat it. Our 
southern friends understand the power of truth 
when uttered without restraint, as well as the first 
Napoleon did, and they fear it more, because the 
despotism of Napoleon 's sway was a democracy 
compared with the tyranny of American slavery. 
The nephew IS wiser than his uncle, or the slave- 
holder; for he meal)s, hereafter, that the golden 
and not the iron rule shall govern his people; and 
he is, therefore, begiuning to loosen the muzzle, 
He prefers intelligence 
and unfetter the press. 
to ianorance, intellectual strencrt,li to brute force, 
wealth to poverty, national greatness to an imbe- 
cite oligarchy , a personal renown , which shall keep 
up with or run before the progress of civilization, 
rather than present ease and the execrations of 
future generations. Time will verify this state- 
ment 
The slave power might lea:rn_ many a:lesson of 
political wisdom by crossing the Atlantic; but it 
chooses the Gulf. In order to coerce the North 
into compromising its principles, the South has 
inaugurated a system of terrorism that has no 
parallel in the history of the world; and when it 
understood that there is no sincerity in the 
present movement, at least with four fifths of the 
Inhabitants of the southern States, but that it is 
a mere game of it certainly seems surpris- 
ing that so many of our statesmen should be 
drawn into the snare. 
But I may be told, as a proof of their sincerity, 
that already several of the States have held con- 
ven tions and resolved themselves out ofthe Union , 
ventions are cheap, and resolutions still cheaper; 
besides, conventions and resolutions constitute no 
inconsiderable part of southern political capital. 
The southern States occasionally hold conven- 
tions, and resolve to open direct trade with for- 
eign nations, by means of lines of magnificent 
steamships a-nd fast clippers. 'Phcy, resolve great 
. cities where small towns have hardly held their 
own for many years. But i believe the world has 
wagged along about the same after as they did 
the resolutions passed; and fast clippers 
and the stupendous steamships float only in the 
imaginations of the resolvers. 
But you say they have gone beyond resolutions 
Mr. HOARD. I object; and the gentleman • Mr.-B[NGHAM. That is understood all round. in this case; they have seized the forts and ar. 
TheSPEAKER. The Chairunderstands, then, II senals, and have threatened to coerce the Govern- 
cannot call the previous question on the bill; and i, 
