968 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 1 6, 
ment into a war. I know they have, and that is 
the verv card that was required to bring Congress 
I like the bold- 
on its knees, and they knew it. 
ncss with which they play their game; thev 
' stake their all' • on a small pair, and then, with- 
out moving a muscle of the face, they look their 
opponent in the eye until he quails and lays down 
his hand. 
was in Washington most of the time for six 
weeks prior to the assembling of Congress, and 
had good reasons for- believing that a deep and 
broad scheme was laid, which has since been par- 
tially carried out, to dissolve the Republican party 
and obtain new,concessions and ptedges from- the 
free States, by threatening to dissolve the Union, 
Without the slightest desire or intention to do so. 
I had a peep behind the sceneé, and can assure 
the timid ones that it is nothing but sheet-iron 
thunder thät so startles and alarms them. The 
managers did not fully comprehend the firmness 
of tbe northern people; and have therefore been 
obliged to play their game more desperately than 
was at first intended. 
If that which was intended as a farce should 
end as a real tragedy among the actors, -the get- 
ters-up of the play will be responsible for the re- 
sults. If the true Union men will stand aloof from 
taking any part in this performance, the seces- 
sionists will, in the course of ninety days, cry for 
quarter instead of concessions. 
But, suppose we grant that the Union is now 
really in danger: what will save it? Or, if it can- 
not be saved, what is the next best thing to be 
done? The seceding States repudiate all offers of 
adjustment; it is therefore folly to svaste time or 
words on them; it is worse than folly, it is weak- 
ness and cowardice. 
In a speech before, the late State convention in 
Alabama, Mr. Yancey said: 
'S Mr. President, avow myself* as utterly, unalterably 
opposed to any and all plans of reconstructing a. Union with 
the Black Republican States of the North. No new guar- 
antees—no amendinents of the Constitution—no peaceful 
resolutions-—no repeal of ofi.•nsive laws, can offer to Ine 
any, the ieaqt, induemnent to reconstruct onr relations with 
'I'his op0'lion is not töunded 
the non-slavehol(ling States. 
on any objection to a con federation with the States north ot- 
Mason and line, on principles rnucually agreeable 
to then) ; but it is i'ouuded on the conviction that "the dis- 
ease which preys on the vitals of the Federal Union, docs 
not enmnate from any defect in the Federal Constitutioni 
but from a deeper source—rhe hearts, heads, and con- 
sciences of the northern people." 
But we are told that the border States must be 
saved, and that this can only be done by giving 
them some compromise upon which they may 
stand, and around which they can rally to resist 
the Gde of secession. 
It ispt•oposed- by gentlemen to build a platform 
out of empty compromises and meaningless prom- 
ises for Union men of the border States to stand 
upon, and with this to cheat the people back. to 
their constitutional allegiance. We may cheat 
ourselves thus, but not the people. Any com- 
promise now offered can only have the effect of 
demoralizii)ff and disorganizing the '-only power 
upon which the tranquillity of the country de- 
pends, namely, the Republican party; for these 
same disturbing elements wilk reappear whenever 
the slave power has any real or fancied grievance, 
unless all attempts at compromise are, sternly re- 
sisted by the Republican party; for all other par- 
ties are broken up, and have no political strel)gth. 
The Republican party must save the Government 
by standing firm upon its platform of principles, 
or Iosc itself in the general chaos. There are va- 
rious propositions of compromise offered *by dif- 
money permanently invested, and have retired to 
their easy chairs to doze out the balance of tbeir 
days, and are unwilling to be disturbed. They 
were once like other men, active and brisk and 
bold in their operations; but now those days are 
but dreams of the past; they have now a taste for 
everything that is old, moldy, and stationary. 
The world whirls too fast for them ; it makes them 
dizzy, and so they are anxious to stop it. If you 
could be permitted to look into their safes, you 
would find large packages of Government and 
State stocks, as well as railroad and manufactur- 
ing. You would also find bonds and mortgages 
and bank stock in abundance. They are in the 
habit of overhauling and contemplating these as 
a poct does Shakspearc or Longfellow. In a 
word, these men arc chronic fogies run to seed , 
and should be treated with consideration and re- 
spect, for we have one of them at the head of the 
Government. But there is a class of men who 
do not propose to give any further license to sla- 
very; who act from higher motives; whose con- 
trolling influence is humanity; whose åmbition is 
its growth and universal development. This class 
has secured the control of the Government iri the 
triumph of the Republican party, after a struggle 
of many years. 
There are certain strata in political history that 
mark the progress of the race with as much cer- 
tainty as do those of geology the formation of the 
earth. These are war, money, and humanity. 
The first had its day, and controlled nations with 
an iron will. Then war yielded to money, and 
capital has been for many years the barometer of 
public opinion, and the controlling influence of 
political parties and nations. 
But this is about to give up its scepter to hu- 
manity, giving a higher tone to public sentiment; 
a better political practice, as well as theory, to the 
country. War and money are to be used only as 
auxiEiary agents in the development. of this new 
power. This young giant is already inawurated 
In the North; and you might as well attempt to 
rcsist the laws that govern the seasons as to check 
his onward course. The position of the free 
States is uncompromising hostility to the expan- 
Sion of slaverv. 
In view of these facts, let us see what is the 
real condition and interest of the slave States, and 
the policy which they should pursue. The cot- 
ton states—South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, 
Mississippi, Louisiana, Florida, Arkansas, and a 
part of 'l'exas—are slave-consuming States; Vir- 
ginia, Maryland, Delaware, Kentucky, Tennes- 
see, North Carolina, and Missouri, are slave- i 
brecdinc States. The former seek extension of 
breeding territory to secure cheap neo•roes; the 
latter, if they would extend slavery at all, should 
strive. to annex more consuming territory, for the 
purpose ot enhancing the market Value of slaves. 
What, then, is the policy of the two sections of 
the South? I cheerfully admit that the bofdcr 
States are but slightly responsible for the dis- 
tu•rbed state of affairs, and that. the crime rests 
mainly upon seceding or slave-consuming States. 
Suppose, then , the consuming States really mean 
secession and an independent southern confeder- 
acy: will the border slave States go with them, and 
assist opening the African slave trade, when it is 
evident that, sooner or later, the value of slaves 
would be so reduced by fresh importations that 
it would become unprofitable to. raise them? 
In addition to this sacrifice of the interests of 
the breeding States, they will, from their geo- 
graphical position, be compelled to fight the bat- 
ferent classes of men. The first class of compro- tles of the consuming States as well as their own, 
mises are called conservative. They are the and to assist in suppressing servile insurrection , 
representatives of property, either in slaves at the as soon ds the restraints of the Federal Govcrn- 
South or merchandise at the North; they have ment are removed from those in the North who 
everything to lose and little to gain in any political 
would excite it. New and increased facilities will 
orsocialdistürbance,and are, therefore, ever ready I be offered for the escape of this property; for 
to counsel the sacrifice of principle wheneverthcre property with brains and legs would then be less 
is an appearance of witation. The second class 
reliable than stocks, or even Indian bonds; and I 
are men of passive or negative qualities, with no wish to tell southern gentlelQen now, that if they 
particular purpose, and are the subjects and tools 
succeed in breaking up this Union, and place 
of the positive men. Then there is a third class themsclvcs upon unfriendly relations with the free 
of men who, having an eye to an office or a con- States, they can never recover from northern soil 
tract, suddenly become oVerwhelmed with patri- a single slave who steals himself; for then, even 
otic emotions, and are ready to save the Union at 
nw.rshal.q and cmnmissioners, being shorn of their 
ail hazards. 
fees, will join the hosts of freedom. The policy 
There is still another class of men that should of the consurning States will be free trade and di- 
not be overlooked, fi)r they have, indirectly, a rect taxation, which must necessarily prevent the 
good deal of influence. 'I'hey are what are called development of the natural resources of the border 
retired gentlemen, or millionaires; they have their States and re(luce them to slave breeding alone. 
Such is„the condition and position of the seced- 
ing slave-consuming States, with whom it is pro- 
Dosed the border States shall ally themselves, 
unless we of the free States concede some com- 
promise upon which they can stand. 
Why should they, then, demand of the North 
concessions that will only result uftimately to their 
disadvantage and our disgrace? Suppose that we 
give you New Mexico, with astringent slave code: 
what then? I have already. shown you that it 
would only create competition with your own 
slave-breeding States; and that, while you expand 
slave territory, you contract your own income. 
Suppose vge offer you, as a compromise, the 
strongest guarantee that we will not interfere with 
slavery in the States: you have it already in the 
Constitution. And one year ago yon rung the 
changes on the Constitution and the Union, until 
the phrase became a byword. Has the Consti- 
tution changed; or why have you lost faith in it? 
The Republican party is satisfied with it as it is. 
Shall we repeal the personal liberty bills? You 
now say vou carc nothing about them. Do you 
want more guarantees for the rendition of fuTi- 
tives from labor? Can you get any better guar- 
antecs by going out of the Union than you now 
have in it? 
fl'he fugitive slave law was framed to satisfy 
the slave power, and was made so heavy that it 
crushed its northern champion—the greatest man 
of the age—and carried down a President and the 
Whig party. Are you not satisfied with such a 
feat, or have you got your eyes on another crop 
of great men and a successful party whose necks 
you wish to place under this modern guillotine, 
called compromise? Several arc already on their 
backs, looking up at thc glistening blade; but they 
are unwilling to die alone, so they beckon us on 
to share then• inglorious fate. 
It is urged by some that we should yield all the 
Territory south of 36030' to slavery, on the ground 
that slavery cannot exist there and be profitable; 
that the laws of nature forbid it. Why should 
not slave breeding be as profitable in New Mexico 
as in Virginia or Maryland? It is for breeding 
alone that they want this Territory, as I have 
endeavored to show; but, if it is worthless, why 
are you so tenacious to secure iL for slavery ? 
Y on say it is a mere abstraction for which we 
arc contending, because slavery cannot possibly 
go tberö. And yet you regard this abstraction of 
so much importance to you that you say you are 
willing to dissolve the Union and plunge the coun- 
try into civil war to secure it.- If ilis an abstrac- 
tion with us, of course it must be an abstraction 
with you. 
But you say you have gone so far in tlk seces- 
Sion scheme that it would be humiliating to be 
compelled to retract; and therefore we must do 
something, if it is only a semblance of conces- 
sion. I admire thie coolness of' lhis proposition 
more than the justice of it. You who are for dis- 
union have turned traitors to the Govcrnmcnt— 
stolen the forts and arsenals—and now you come 
to us and insist that we must get np a sham and 
a cheat in order that you may escape the gallows 
with out tarnishing your honor or humiliating your 
pride. 
It is true the North has been condescending and 
generous towards the South, and _l have no doubt 
will continue to be, so longas the Union shall last. 
It is natural for intelligent and honest communi- 
ties to be more generous than just, especially to- 
ward the weak and erring; Gut when criminals 
come to such a pcoplc and demand that their crimes 
shall be indorsed, instead of being pardoned, 
think it is rather more than they will consent to. 
And although a few members of Congress, rep- 
resenting a generous people, may be induced to 
stand god-fathers to traitors, and becomc•accesso- 
ries to treason, after the fact, I feel confident that 
their constituents will hang them higher on the 
tree of public scorn than Haman or Judas hung. 
Let ine say to gentlemen of the border slave 
States,' if you would be protected by the Federal 
Government against insurrections; if you would 
have slavery still tolerated and your firesides re- 
spected; if you would escape the torch and the 
assassin's knife; I beseech you, in all candor and 
frankness, accept the aid and coöperation of your 
best friends; ally yourselves with the North, and 
let the cotton States fight their own battles. Ac- 
knowledge the rightfulness of the doctrine of free- 
I dom, education, and elevation which now obtains 
