1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
969 
in all the free States; disenchant yourselves of the 
influence of that which, in your hearts, you would 
gladly be rid of, and the North wili assist you. 
Gentlemen may scout the idea of emancipation, 
but it is soon to come. God and humanity have 
decreed it. Empty compromises cannot prevent 
it. If the slaveholders are honest in declaring that 
they are afraid that the people of the North will 
interfere with slavery, and dest.roy it altogether, 
and that these fears are founded upon the increas- 
ing anti-s!avery sentiment and political strength 
of the North, would it not be well for them to 
treat chis northern power with consideration, and 
would it not be wise to conciliate. it. 
I know that gentlemen have reason to laugh at 
this when they look upon the past history of 
northern political parties; but can assure you 
that a new order of things has taken possession 
of the northern mind, and desire to state to gen- 
tlemen on both sides of the House that the North 
has awakened to the practical consideration of 
these issues, and if the southern States persist in 
keeping up the present warfare against ihe rights 
of citizens who are compelled from busj.ness rela- 
tions to iravel South on peaceful missions; if they 
insist that the North shall regard the Constitution 
in letter and spirit asa sacrcd instrumcnt, and yet 
they thernselves treat it as though it were but so 
much blank parchment.•, 
if they mob and hang 
men and women who are guilty of nothing but 
havin= been born in free States; if they continue 
to rob the Government to aid them in carrying 
out their treasonable designs, they will soon find 
the whole people of the North becc»ning aboli- 
tionized and consolidated in one great and power- 
ful party. I say this not in a spirit of menace; 
bui I desire to state the *truth. 'lthey have borne 
and forborne until 
forbearance ceases to bc a 
virtue. 
rl'hey have been constantly yielding to 
the demands of" the slave power for tho sake of 
peace, until neither peace nor justice, are to be 
found. And I now warn the South, that unless 
it retracts at once from its treasonable operations 
and commences a system of conciliation toward 
the North, it rnay make up its mind that slavery 
in the States will date its downfall from the day 
the first act of treason was committed, and in a 
few years it wili go out in blood. warn you not 
to take the flimsy compromises which some fex.v 
gentlemen on this side of the House would offer 
you. They do not represent the sentiment of the 
North; the North will repudiate any compromise, 
such as has been proposed, and the party that 
makes it. Let us look this question squarely in 
the face, and grapple With it as it is. Let us not 
In 
attempt to deceivc ourselves or cheat others. 
a crisis like this, we should be men, do ourduty, 
and lake the consequencee. 
VvTould you cornprotnise with a burglar who 
had entered your house, by giving him thc key of 
your safe w you had the means to put him 
out? What would vou think of an officer who 
you now have, or its full value, and gain that 
which, while slavery exists as the controlling in- 
fluence of your social and political system, you 
can never receive. I need not recount in detail the 
happy effects of the inauguration of such a sys- 
tem in the border St.at.es; they are witnessed every 
day in the growth, we?dth, enterprise, peace, pros- 
perity, and happiness of every free State in the 
country. You have the alternative before you, to 
adopt this plan or do worse. Compromising may 
stave it off for a brief period; and it may not. If 
it does, it will be like building a dam across a 
river, raising the water to the top only to fall with 
all the more noise and force, devastating the coun- 
try, when your compromisc dam shall break 
away. 
Secession, compromise, and reconstruction, is 
now the platform of the odds and ends of the latc 
Democratic party. Secession to force compro- 
mise, compromise to disrupt and destroy the Re- 
publican party, and the reconstruction of the old 
Democratic party on its ruins. This is a nev> 
platform, but is fully in keeping with all its plat- 
forms in the past. The Democratic party was 
always bold, po•sitive, and radical; its opponents 
have been conservative and timid. The Demo- 
cratic party has been tho engineer, fearlessly lot- 
on the steam, while its opponents have been 
at. the brake, ready to stop the train at the slight- 
estjostle. 
In a new country like ours, where almost every- 
thing is yet undeveloped, and where the masses 
are more or less impulsive and speculative, t 
bold and courageous are bound to succeed, while 
the timid will complainingly follow after thcm. 
It is an instinct in the human race to admire bold- 
ness and daring. Mcn will sooner follow a hero 
into the ditch, than a coward into the camp. 
Hence the people have always rallied around the 
standard Of the Democratic party, and have borne 
it on to victory time and again, although that party 
has been too often in the wrong. It was only 
when the more selfish and unscrupulous attempted 
to perpetuate and extend a wrong, by unlawful 
and unconstitutional means, that a division of the 
and consequently a loss of 
party was caused, 
It has had the shrewdness to keep its op- 
power. 
ponents always on the defensive. While I would 
commend the political sagacity and pluck of that. 
party, I would save this young champion of free- 
dom and true Democracy—the Republican party 
—from internal dissensions and dissolution. 
I would save the honor of the free States from 
a disgrace so humiliating as would be involved in 
the cowardly surrender of the great principles for 
which they have so valiantly contended and hon- 
orably won. • A nd before this scheme of barteri1V 
away a nation's hope to appease the wrath of a 
them on the auction block; to bedriVbn tothe rice 
and cotton fields, there to be worn out- in", a few 
years like things. You vote to compromise -with 
a power that regards neither 
nor the Constitution. You vote for the perpetuity 
of ignorance, and you vote for the •overthrow. Of 
the freedöm of speech and of the press. You lose 
the respect of the friends of freedom; 'Y?tl -gain 
the contempt of the slave påwer and the applause 
of hell. You say to all traitors, go on with your 
robbery and treason; hereafter -they shall 'be rea 
spectable and at a premium. Whenever you are 
beaten at the ballot-box you have only to steal the 
public property and declare war against the Gov- 
ernment, and we will makc concessions, oven to 
the sacrifice of our dearest»principles, and, break 
the power that defeated you, if you will be quiet 
and remain in the Union. 
Mr. Speaker, this is probably my.last appeal" 
on this floor. I should be willing to do•anything 
that might lead to the restoratiåh of national tran- 
quillity and social harmony which woü'ld not com- 
promise the honor and dignity of the nation; but 
1 fail to discover, in any proposition now before 
the House, anything that will' lead to those re- 
suits. And before I would leave a word (fr a vote 
on record that miffht be construed into -favor• 
ing thecxtension or perpetuity ofslavery, I would 
perish on the steps of my country's Capitol, or be 
lost in the general wreck that would follow revo- 
If I thought the preservation of the Union 
lution. 
would be the means of furnishing fetters for those 
who are yet to be born on soil now free,'l would 
be the first to break the chain that has so long 
bound us together, and let the slave States swing 
out from the protection of tho national Govern- 
ment, to contend alone awainst servile insurrec- 
tion, famine, and civil war. But, -sir, I trust and 
believe that no such calamity will befall the hope- 
ful and prosperous millions ofthe American States; 
and when this crisis shall have passed away, and 
the dark horizon shall be lighted up with the rain- 
bow. of hope, peace, new g16ries, and a happy fu- 
ture, the people will decide who were right—those 
who would strike hands with wrong, or those who 
would subdue it, and Ict universal liberty have 
free course and be glorified." Let us have lib- 
erty and Union, if we can; but liberty without 
Union rather than Union without liberty. . The 
country will occasionally receive the assaults Of 
traitors, and the shocks of political earthquakes. 
Popular outbreaks will disturb the harmony of 
society, and whirl'.vinds will plow through party 
organizations as they do through the forests of our 
vast domain, breaking down the old decayed trees 
and testing the strength of the young and vigorous. 
But when the storrns shall have cleared away, we 
shall find, instead of destroying the temple of civil 
few traitors is consummated, I would implore I liberty, they will have proved how strong is its 
I gentlemen whose talents and position necessarily II framework, and how broad and firmly laid is its 
I give them groat influence. in the nation, to reflect foundation, and that these disturbing elements 
upon the awful responsibility which rests upon were as necessary for t-hO purification of pafties 
sow the wind, you will reap the and society, and as essential for the healthful 
should make return on bis warrant that he found them. 
crrowth of our new system, as the agitation of the 
the thief whom he was ordered to arrest, but that whirlwind." You may imagine you are sowincr 
the seeds of promised peace and future hope; but atmosphere is for the health and life of man. 
said thief had declared himsejf as having seceded 
they will spring up thorns of disappointment and Mr. BURNHAM. Mr. Speaker, i had not 
from the laws, and that he should regard an ar- 
intended, until within few days, to mingle in 
civil discord. Other tnen have gained position 
rest as coercion on the part of the offcer? 
'l'he border States are between two fires; what and the affections of the people by thcir brilliant this debate; but to content myself with giving a 
talents and their eloquent and luring words of pa- silent vote on the various propositions which have 
can they do to extricate themselves from this di- 
triotism and their devotion to the great principles been, 01' may be, submitted for our consideration 
lemma? 1 repeat, conciliate the Cree States; first, 
by consenting to the abolition of slovery'in the of humanity; and when they had scaled all the I But, sir, so many and various are the propositions, 
barriers .that lay between obscurity and thc temple and so intently are the whole people watching our 
District of Columb ia, the dock-yards, and arsenals, 
of fame, this samc devil, the slave power, that is proceedings, that am not quite willing to pass 
on a basis which shall be just to the slaveh)older•, 
and, second, to a system of gradual emancipation now whispering in your ears, stealthily crept up along without indicating more fully than I can do 
in the border States, and allowing your people, behind and promised them the highest national by my simple vote the views that I entertain in 
within your own borders, the right which' the 
Constitution guaranties them, to discuss the sub- 
ject of s\avery. 
Consent to this, and the North will aid you in 
any reasonable endeavor to protect yourselves 
and your property, and the whole civilized world I 
I 
will applaud you in so humane an undertaking. 
will not advise as to the particular mode of emanci- 
pation. Free discussion among yourselves will 
lead to a peaceable and equitable solution of the 
whole subject. All the natural advantages of your 
fertile and beautiful country will at once begin to 
develop themselves. Your abundant 
will be brought into requisition. Manufacturing I 
cities will suddenly spring up, opening home mar- 
kets for the products of your soil under the in- 
vigoratino and inspiring influence of' free iabor, 
regard to them. And I do this, sir, not with the 
honors if they would fall down and worship at 
Tl'hey listened; they consented, and expectation of influencing the House in its action 
his shrine. 
upon them, but for the purpose of explaining my 
fell ; and , as they tumbled from their giddy heights, 
the whole land shook as with an eai'thquakc, and position to those to whom I am directly responsi- 
humanity cricd aloud. Youno men, you who have I ble for my action here. 
I trust, sir, I am fully sen•sible of the threaten- 
n brilliant future before you, I beseech you to pon- 
der and pray before you take the first fatal step. A ing dangers which surround us, and of the ex- 
nation 's fate is in your hands; the friends ofliberty treme peril into which our Government has fallen. 
I know that it is especially our duty to Watch 
are waiting to catch your decision; downtrodden 
humanity, that has clanked its chains for centu- over the Republic, and to see, if possible, that it 
ries, and fed its soul on the sands of the desert, is takes nothing of detriment. 
Suddenly, at the close of a presidential election, 
now turning its agonizing look to the throne of 
Heaven, and with its Cettered hands uplifted and such as has occurred every four years since the 
its heart throbbing now Wich hope and now with 'f formation of the Government; as soon as it is 
admonishes you of the importance of this 
decision. If you vote for compromise, you sow, of the people of this Confederacy, against vy'hose 
on soil now free, the seeds of whips, chains, theft, 
wishes and opinions it has been carried, compris- 
which will increase you-r wealth and importance robbery, and murder. You vote to legalize the ing in one of the States almost its entire voting 
a thousand fold. You may thus save that which II forcible separation of families, and the selling of II population,andin scveralothersapparentlyalarge 
