1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
971 
ernment, though often beaten in elections. We 
have borne this till almost, by custom, it seems 
to be our duty to suffer, and listen only to com- 
plaints from others. Is not the right of protection 
to the person as high aright as protection to prop- 
erty? "Shall this Government be destroyed be- 
cause citizens of slave States are sometimes wronff- 
fully deprived of their property by citizens of free 
States; and shall no complaint be heard when to 
us the freedom of the courts, the freedom of the 
elective franchise, the freedom of the press, the 
freedom of speech , and the freedom of conscience, 
are all stricken down, and when our own unof- 
fending citizens, of both sexes and of all ages, 
are insulted, tarred and feathered, imprisoned, 
robbed, scourged, and in many instances mur- 
dered, by lawless and irresponsiblc moVs? But, 
sir, I will not pursue this further. I say, sir, with 
the committee, let there be a faithful observance 
on the part of all the States, and of ail the citi- 
zens thereof, of all their constitutional obligations 
to each other and to the Federal Goverrrment; and 
let such necessary laws be enacted as will carry 
out that provision of tbe Constit.ution which de- 
chares that the citizens of each State shall be en- 
titled to all the privileges and immunities of citi- 
zens in the several States; and much will have 
been done towards restoring peace and harmony 
to our distracted country. 
Resolved, That it is the duty of the Federat Govern- 
ment to enforce thc Federal laws, protect the Federal prop- 
erty, and preserve the Union of these States." 
Sir, does this resolution of the. committee con- 
tain any startling proposition? Yet the support 
of any measure that looks to the enforcement of 
your laws against those who have violated and 
who defy them; or to the protection of our Fed- 
eral property, against those rebel bands that would 
seize it, is denounced as a wanton act of war; as 
high-handed oppression. A Statc revolts and de- 
fies your power; seizes your arsenals, navy-yards, 
and forts; pulls down your flag, and turns your 
own (Yuns upon your own vessel, conveying your 
own soldiers to reinforce your own fortress, and 
over whose deck wave the stars and stripes; her 
colors are lowered, and the vessel retires: ay, 
sir, that flag, which has proudly waved over so 
many victorious battle-fields; that flag under 
which your brave seamen fought on • Erie and 
Champlain, and which, wherever it has floated 
at mast-head, as your commerce has pushed itself 
into every sea, and into the remote corners of the 
ocean, has commanded respect; that flag which, 
in the presence of the hauaht.y power of Austria, 
could, in the name of the American Government, 
demand and secure protection to a humble Amer- 
ican citizen, dare not throw its fblds to thc breeze 
in the presence of the palmetto and the rattle- 
snake. Secret bands are arming: all around this 
national city, threatening to seize the very Capi 
tol in which we deliberate, and we may take no 
steps to defend it. Sir, I am for the resolution 
I will now consider the resolution of the com- 
mittee which proposes an amendment oftbe Con- 
stitution providing that no amendment shall here- 
after be made ant-horizing äny interference with 
slavery in the States, unless it shall originate in 
a slave State, and have the assent of every State 
I regret very much that the. com- 
in the Union. 
mittee felt it to be their duty to recommend this 
resolution; because, from the very fact of its being 
rejected, if such shall be its fate, I fear it will be 
inferred that we design, at some time in the future, 
t6 effect the very amendment which this would 
provide against; whereas no such expectation or 
wish exists in any quarter. No one claims that 
the Constitution, as it now is, gives any right to 
Congress, or to anybody outside, to interfere with 
slavery in the States; and no one, it seems, appre- 
hends that anv such attempt will be made by 
Congress. But-it is said to be apprehended that in 
the future, when the preponderance of free States 
by the vote of two thirds of both Houses of Con- 
gress; or Congress, upon request of the Legis- 
latures of two thirds of the States, may call a con- 
vention to propose amendments. So that, even 
to propose amendments—supposing the fiftecn 
slave States to be against any proposition of this 
kind, and the free States all for it—would require 
thirty free States. We have now nineteen, it re- 
quiring eleven more even to propose an amend- 
ment. But before any amendment can be valid 
as a part of the Constitution, it must be approved 
by three fourths of the States, either through their 
Legislatures or conventions; therefore, upon the 
same supposition, it would require forty-five free 
States—twenty-six more than we now have. 
Where are we to get them? Certainly not from 
any territory we now have, and as certainly not 
Is not, then, 
from any we are likely to acquire. 
this apprehended danger altogether too remote, 
and altogether too improbable, to be reasonable 
cause foralarm to ourslaveholding brethren? And 
is not this alleged apprehension altogether too 
frivolous to be regarded at all; and much more to 
require an amendment of the Constitution in the 
manner proposed ? 
But you say you have no fears of this your- 
selves—that you have no idea the Republican 
party proposes or will attempt now, or in the fu- 
lure, to interfere with slavery in the States, but 
Chat you cannot make your people understand it. 
Why not? Cannot your people understand so 
simple a calculation as that •ust stated? Have 
you not yourselyes created tl\is fear and appre- 
hcnsion in their minds as to the designs of your 
political opponents? And if you are now satisfied 
i that you have rnisrepresented us, can you not tell 
them so, and Ihat they are in no such danger from 
us? And will they not believe you as readily as 
11 
I think you had better try the experi- 
before ? 
ment, at least, before you demand of us to alter 
this old Constitution in order to relieve you. 
cannot consent, sir, to meddle with this sacred 
instrument in a case where there is confessedly 
no practical necessity for it, but only to quiet a 
o•roundless apprehension existii')g with a portion 
of the people. Let the danger, if it shall ever 
arise, approach nearer before you ask it. And Ict 
those whose duty it shall then be to dccide it, act 
in the nearer view. and in that day's accumulated 
light. 
I approach now, sir, that subject embraced in 
thc report, which I regard as more important than 
any other—nerhaps more than all others, and 
more diffcuft of adjustment—the disposition ot 
the 'I'erritorics as to this question of slavery. 
And I will leave for a moment the propositions 
of the. committee, and consider in this connection 
another proposition, on which we will be called 
I mean the Crittenden amendment. 
to act. 
[l as follows: 
' 'ART. I. In all the t.crritory of thc Ünit.ed St.atee now held 
nr hereafter acquired, situate north of latitude 360 30', sla- 
very or involuntary servitude, except as a punish:nent lör 
I crime, is prohibited, such territory sbatl remain ulldcr 
In all the territory south of said 
territorial govern Inent. 
line of latitude, sutvcryofthe African race is hereby recog- 
nized as existing. and shall not bc interiOre,d with by Cou- 
but shall be protectcd as property by au the depart- 
of the territorial govermnent during its cont.inuance ; 
and when any 'I'erritory, north or south ot• said 
such boundaries as Congress ilia.y prescribe, shall contain 
the population requisite for a mc»nber of' Congress, accord- 
ing to tbc then Federal ratio of representation oc the people 
of the United States, it shall, it' form of governiuent he 
republican, be adm itted into Union on an equal footin•v 
with the original States, with or ivithout slavery, as the 
constitution of such new State may provide." 
I have read, sir, only the proposition relating 
mained as such to this-dayhad it been left undie 
turbed. It was approved by the. wiseæmenof that 
day—wiser and greater men than -we- have sn_DV'. 
All the territory north. of 'the line was given -to 
freedom, to be hers forever. Those who -Were 
anxious •to promote the extension of free instaw• 
tions stood by that compromise ingood faith. But 
when slavery had gathered to itself all south, of 
the line, it reached forth to grasp that-which -was 
north. - The idea.of a geographical line 'between 
freedom and slavery was ridiculed, and th'e pro- 
hibition was denounced as unconstitutional and 
unjust to the South. And in the midst-of intense 
excitement they procured its repeal. : But,this was 
not enough. To guard against any future restora- 
tion ofthe line, they procured a decision ofthe high- 
est judicial tribunal in the land, in direct conflict 
with the whole tenor of decisions in all the courts, 
and with the opinions of the wisest statesmen 
from the foundation of the Government, confirm- 
ing their action, and declaring such prohibition to 
be unconstitutional and void. And now, having 
lost the prize at which they grasped; havinglOSt 
rather t.han gained by their bad faith; seeing that 
the new polfcy did not work to their advantage, 
and wishing now to gain some new concessions 
and guarantees as to territory south of this line, 
by seeming to grant something to freedom north, 
in prohibiting slavery in territory which is now 
free, and which will always remain free, as well 
without the prohibition as-with; and finding now 
this Supreme Court decision an obstacle In the 
way of this nice arrangement, they propose to 
relieve themselves from the diffculty in which this 
decision has brought them by an amendment of 
the Constitution. Sir, I will none of it. 
not touch that instrument for any such purpose, 
If they wish to 'have this legislation, which so 
short a time since they did not want, let them go 
and procure a reversal of that decision, as I have 
no doubt they can if they wish it. Expunge that 
bad page in our judicial records, and let the Con- 
stitution stand as our fathers made it, with the 
interpretation that our fathers put upon it. 
Butagain ; to secure all you really wish to secure 
by this legislation, you do not need this amend- 
ment. What you really wish is to secure slavery 
south of that line; you need no constitutional 
amendment for that, for you say the Constitution 
already recognizes slavery as existing in the Ter- 
ritories; and you say the Supreme Court has so 
decided, and that it bas also said Congress cannot 
interfere With it. And the only remaining thing 
you want is a congressional code protecting sla- 
very in the Territories. You need no constitu- 
tionul amendment, therefore, to accomplish this. 
'Ilbe court has not decided that Congress has no 
, power to give you a slave code. Ail you *vvant of 
the tunendment is to get around your Dred Scott 
decision, so you may extend to us the great priv- 
ilege of having slavery prohibited in the Térri- 
tories north of 360 30'. We know, and you know, 
that all the territory north of said line is free now, 
and that it will always remain so. You know 
that by the admission of Kansas as a free State, 
and with the tide of emigration pouring into Pike 's 
Peak, and with frcc California on the west,' your 
last hope of fastening slavery upon any of that 
territory is gone. And if you did not know this, 
you would not propose this amendment. How 
idle, then, to amend the Constitution for this pur- 
pose! We do not ask it. We know that free in- 
If, then, you are 
slitutions gain nothing bv it. 
to have this guarantee ana protection to slavery 
. south, let it be without any amendment of the 
to this particular subject. There are others of Constitution, granting to usa seeming equivalent, 
which amounts to nothing. I would sooner vote 
which I may speak, if time permits. 
seen that it proposes to amend the Constitution so you a con«yrcssional slave code than vote for this 
as to prohibit slavery north of the line 360 30' amendment. What you propose in this amend- 
ment as to territory south of 360 30' is, in sub- 
known as the Missouri compromise line. And 
stance, identical with the Breckinridge platform. 
in this pact it is in the same terms as the Missouri 
It recognizes slavery as existing, prohibits Con- 
prohibition. And as to all the territory we now 
hold, or may hereafter acquire, south of that line, gress from interfering with it, and commands the 
over the slave States shall be great enough, the 
Constitution will be so atnended as to give Con- which wi\l include all we may hereafter acquire territorial government to protect it, iheth.er the 
gress that power. Sir, if 1 had had any doubts I from Mexico, Central America, Cuba, in South h The 
before on this subject, the argument of the dis- America, or wherever we may extend our bound- 
tinguished chairman -of the committee, on bring- i aries, the Constitution is to recognize slavery as this policy the verdict of Ebe people in the recent 
ing his report to the attention of the House, would existing, to prohibit Congress from interferimr i election, especially in free States, was nearly 
have cntirely dissipated them; for I think it shows with it at all, and to command the territorial gov- 
also the supporters of Mr. Douglas, 
mostclearlythat any such apprehension isentirely ernments, in all their departments, to protect it as coin, 
i were full v committed against it.- How, then, can 
unfounded; t.hat no such preponderance can be property during their continuance. 
foreseen, and needs not be provided against. Let Sir, we once had a compromise line, the same you expect the representatives of the free States 
lb stood as a measure 
me repeat his calculation: II"here are fifteen slave parallel you now propose. 
Why, sn•, for years the people of the free Stales 
States. No amendment can be proposed except of peace for thirty years, and would have re- 
