the storm of battle, to secure to the people insti- 
tutions somewhat more fully recognizing their 
inalienable rights, here traitorous arms are fast 
locked around the pillars of this fairest temple, 
madly bent on its overthrow. 
Sir, I know not what the teemirw womb of the 
future may have in store for us. 
I know not 
what dire calamities may be about to be revealed 
to us from the thick cloud beyond the vail that is 
lifting. Bat if it be so that this great work of our 
fathers is to, be destroyed, and . the destruction 
thereof is to be so great that _there shall not be left 
one stone upon another that shall not be thrown 
down, let it be recorded, so that it may be read 
by all the generations of tbc comino• centuries, 
that this great calamity has been brought upon us 
because our free people would not consent to grant 
now constitutional guarantees to a system of hu- 
man bondage. 
Mr. WALDRON. Mr. Speaker, the topics of 
this discussionare novel and strange to an American 
Congress. They are such as were neverdreamedof 
by the patriots and statesmen who framed ourGov- 
ernment. They are such as their children, 
in the 
confidence which long years of peaceful security 
have imparted, believed to be impossible. But 
the delusions of the past—I might almost add, the 
hopes of the future—varlish into thin air. A Union 
established by sacrifices and hailowed by imper- 
ishable memories, trembles in the agonies of dis- 
solution. 'llhe spectacle of to-day isoneofdisloyal 
States, of revolted people, of a divided nation- 
ality. You may call this secession. call it 
conspiracy ripened into revolution. But it is not 
my purpose to quarrel about terms; nor will I 
stop to refer to the causes which have brought 
I have not risen to indulge 
these evils upon us. 
in the lancruage of crimination or cmnplaint. It is 
entirely foreign to my present purpose to inquire 
which political party is responsible for the, perils 
a 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBL 
1861. 
advance of any efforts to reconcile and compro- have closed the door of reconciliation; they de- 
979 
less by the concessions you make in the effort to 
preserve it. You incorporate into its system a 
poison which not only mars its beauty, but de- 
stroyg its vitality for good. The very principle 
on which this policy of compromise rests is, that 
the will of-a maiorit_y, constitutionally expressed, I 
shall be nullified at the pleasure of a dissatisfied 
minority; and to that principle I never will con- 
I sent. . The freemen of the Unitöd States have, 
under the forms of law, for the nineteenth time, 
elected .a President; and it is useless to disguise 
the fact that his authority is denied in advance, 
unless the defeated party is allowed to dictate the 
policy of his administration. The verdict that 
was involved in his election is to be ignored as 
the price of acquiescence on the part of the van- 
quished. In the last canvass, a portion of our 
fellow-citizens demanded, at, the hand of the Fed- 
eral Government, protection for slavery in the 
Territories of the. Republic; and the demand was 
resisted, even to the disruption of the Democratic 
party—a party which never bet-ore hesitated when 
demands were made upon it in behalf of the slave 
power. That deinand was so objectionable that 
the larger fraction of the party threw away its 
votes on a candidate x,vho had no chance for success, 
rather than indorse the doctrines of the supporters 
of Mr. Breckinridge. The issue was fåirly can- 
vassed before the people. Three million freemen, 
by voting for Mr. Lincoln or Mr. Douglas, repu- 
dialed and discarded the doctrine of congressional 
protection for slave property eight hundred thou- 
sand who voted for Mr. Breckinridge indorsed 
and now the thrcc million are asked by com- 
it; 
promise to surrender their convictions and judg- 
ment to the eight hundred thousand. Sir, if this 
Union can only be preserved by concessions of 
principle from majorites to minorities, then it is 
If we are to recoo- 
a Union not worth presecvioo•. 
nize the doctrine that a minority may demand 
amendments, or congressional legislation. A And 
where loyalty is in the market, I,'like ihe -gentle- 
man from New York, .[Mr, CONRLING„ do not, 
want the Government to be a bidder. 
oreovep,- 
we, after all, treat with the Gulf States -through 
the mediation of the border States. The Legis- 
latures of North Carolina, Virginia, , and ,'CKen- 
tuck y, declare that they must have new guaran- 
tees for slavery, for the purpose of-insuringtheir 
own allegiance, and in the hope that anovement 
will be inaugurated which- wiH bring back the 
seceded- States. Moreover, these border States 
announce to us in advance, that no- force must be: 
used by the General Government to collect Ixits 
revenue, or maintain its authority in -tho revolted 
States. When the hour comes in which the 
strength of this Government is to be tried, then • 
we are told that the common interests of the slave 
States lead to a bommon cause and a common 
destiny. 
I am asked to join in a declaration that the Re- 
publican party meditates no invasion of the rights 
•of sovereign States; and that it especially •con- 
templates no interference with the relation of mas- 
ter and slave where the relation oxists under the 
sanction of State -laws. I am told that a declara- 
tion of that nature will do much to disabuse the 
public mind in the southern States; and that it 
will be an effective agency in the work of concilia- 
tion. Sir, if an impression of that nature prevails 
in any part of the Republic, it is because.men are 
unable or unwilling to examine the creed which 
the Republican party has avowed to the world. 
If any man, to-day, labors under the delusion that 
the Republican party meditates interference with 
slavery in the States, it is because that man has 
believed the slanders of its enemies in preference 
to the statements of its friends; and it best be- 
comes the men who have circulated falsehoods 
for partisan ends now to retract them, if the wel- 
which surround us. T. be people have already terms and obtain them, as the condition of their fare of a common country is hazarded by their 
visit'bd the• sins of out' political opponents upon 
their heads, and with their verdict I am conterlt. 
Other matters press upon our attention. The fair 
fame of our Government is tarnished, its flag de- 
fied, its property desöoiied, its reputation among 
foreign nations dislh01)ored, and the enemies of 
republican progress exult in the declaration that 
" free institutions are a failure." I turn, there- 
fore, from the responsibilities of the past to the 
question of the present, and the responsibilities of 
the future. The question of the day is: I-lavc we 
a Government at au ? 
Minor issues of compromise and adjustment 
must give way to, and be swallowed up by, this 
most momentous of all questions. When am 
appealed 10 in behalf of compromises and conces- 
sions, I must first inquire, what shall save? •What 
Is the 
do I get as an equivalent for concession ? 
Union, which I am called upon to preserve by com- 
promise, ablc to outlive the demoralizing humilia- 
tion of' the sacrifices which are made in its behalf? 
• And here I take, occa.si0i1 to say, that I will go as 
far as any man in line of toleration and con- 
ciliation, where no surrender of a vital principle 
If pride of opinion is in the way, I 
is involved. 
If the prejudices of the past or the 
sacrifice it. 
passions of the present are obstacles, I forget 
It shall never be said of me that, in this 
them. 
hour, my action was controlled by dictatcs of pas- 
Sion or considerations of partisan advantage; but 
there is one thino• to be settled, here and now, in 
If this Government is a mere partner- 
nuse. 
ship, wit.h no power for its own preservation, and 
subject to dissolution at the caprice of any of its 
members, then it is utterly useless to patch it up 
loyalty, then, the sooner this Union is dissolved 
If freemen are to make humiliating 
the better. 
concessions in return for the privilege of enjoying 
what at the ballot-box they have fairly won, then 
we have a Government better suited for some 
other meridian—a Government too imbecile to 
cornmand respect, and certainly worthy of no 
sacrifices to preserve. 
It may be answered that we are not asked to 
concede to that exwult•, that we are not required to 
surrender any principle as the price for peace; but I 
I find that one idea pervades all propositions for 
compromise, and that is the surrender to slavery 
of the territory south of the line of 360 30' It is 
done either directly and openly, in express terms, 
by constitutional amendmcn t.. or it is accmnplished 
influence. The appeal should be made to our 
political opponents; because, if any misapprehen- 
Sion on this subject exists, it is the result of their 
reckless and groundless assertions in the effort to 
manufacture political capital, and they will best 
evince their anxiety for fraternal peace by humil- 
iating themselves to the work of retraction and 
confession. I commend that work to them. Let 
them, for once, be patriotic rather than -partisan. 
But, in view of the perils which surround us, 
I shall not stand on any point of punctilio eti- 
If it will bc any satisfaction to any sec- 
quette. 
tion that the Republicans of this Congress place 
on record the declaration that slavery in the Statcs 
is under the exclusivc control of State sovereicrn- 
ties, I, for one, am willing to join in it; and it was 
covertly and indirectly, bv the admission of New in that spirit, Mr. Speaker, that I voted on Mon- 
[t iniplies a recognition and ii day last for the resolutions offered by the gentle- 
Mexico as a State. 
extension of the institution of slavery; it gives it man from New York, [Mr. PALMER.] 
But, as the moments are passing away, allow 
l')ew (Ytnarantees and additional strength. If it does 
not do it, then it is useless as a measure of com- I me to say tc my constituents and associates what 
I will not do. No vote of mine shall give any 
promise; and just so far as it does it, it is a sur- 
render of a popular judgment, carefully matured additional guarantees to slavery. If guarantees are 
to be given, I claim them for freedom. The in-i 
and legally rendered. 
There are other objections, in my rnind, to a stitution of slavery has had control of • this Gov- 
It has made every 
If one is desirable, this, at any ernment for a score of years. 
compromise. 
rate, is not the time to think of it. Six States have department first sectional, then treasonable. 
l')ns debauched and demoralized political parties, 
and compelled even northern men to abjure and 
deny the faith of their fathers. It denies to-day, 
to northern men, the protection of law. It makes 
a compromise in its favor only the occasion for 
renewed aggression and additional demands. 
uses its powcr to ruin a Government when it can 
no longer rule it. To that slave powrer I yield 
no additional guarantees. 
- that it now has under the sanction of the Consti- 
I tution; but I add not to the number. For the 
Union of these States I would yield much and 
suffer much. Baptized as it was by the best blood 
ofa better day, sauctified by past memories, hal- 
lowed by past associations, and l')rized for past 
i blessings, it has with me priceless value. •Iglor-y 
in it as a Union formed " to establish justice and 
already raised the standard of rebellion; they have 
separated frotn the brotherhood, SD far as any 
acts of their own could effect a separation. They 
moreover declare the scparation to be final; 
they 
Clare, alike by word and deed, that they desire* 
none. To them the offer of compromise is, on our 
part, an unnecessary humiliation. Even if it were 
not so, the offer to treat with men who have in- 
salted our flag, aud taken possession of our prop 
by compromises. If it is so helpless that the-first 
touch of the traitor destroys it, then it is good for ert,y, would only entail disgrace and shame. A 
nothing after it is " saved;" and time spent in the change of policy at the behest of armed insur- 
is worse than thrown I «entg would demoralize and weaken any Govern- 
endeavor to 
away. For orle, I have no compromise to offer 
raent. It would be not only a confession of utter 
weakness, but it would be a premium offered to 
in behalf ofa Union which is so feeble as to ex- 
cite only contempt, and which exists at the suf- men who wear the livery of treason, aad encour- 
Butl am appealed to, 
aging others to assume it. 
ferance of men who assert the power to blast its 
secure the blessings of liberty." -When itccases 
interests at the very moment when they cease to not in behalf of the seceded States, but in behalf i' " 
of the border slave States. Sir, there are gallant to be an instrument to accomplish those ends, 
control its destinies. Bluch as we may detest the 
then it has lost with me its virtue and its charms; 
and I 
treason of the cotton States, still we cannot but men fighting the battles of the Union there, 
in destroying a i I would do mucil, and yield to strenethen it is no longer the Union of my fathers. 
contrast their encro•y and zeal 
Union, with the imbecility and helplessness ofthe their hands; but I cannot, after all, conceal from existence depends upon supporting, extending, 
and perpetuating slavery, then I yield nothing 
my eyes the fact that tbe position of a large nm- 
authorities which were sworn to preserve it. 
to prolorlg its existence. Freedom can survive 
There is, then, this objection to all thgsc proposi- jority of the people of son')e border States is one 
the dissolution of this Union; but the Union can- 
tions for comprcnni.se, that the U I'lion you propose it of contin•ent loyalty; they hold their fealty to this 
to preserve or restore is rendered perfectly worth- Union as a thing to be secured by constitutional not survive the principles of freedom, Whatever 
