THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVÉs, WASHINGTON, D. ci 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
have mistaken the spirit of those Representatives 
if they would have compromised, or cveh con- 
sented to negotiate for a compromise, had they 
elected their candidate, and we threatened to ser 
cede from them. I say, further, that our friends 
of the border States to-day stand in the position 
of negotiators for concessions from us, and point 
to the living arguments of six seceding States as 
the powerful iiRiucement for our sacrifice; and at 
the same time, not one of them, nor the Repre- 
sentatives of one of them—except the honorable 
gentleman from Maryland—will consent to unite 
with us in the enforcement of the laws, or for the 
relief of a gallant offcer, who stands. to-day in 
peril because he stands under the banner of the Re- 
public; not one of them, in case we support every 
proposition of compromise, would support us in 
any attempt to vindicate the honor of our flag, or 
rescue, or punish the lawless seizure and impris- 
onment of a civil offcer, whose offense conststed 
in obedience to the laws of the nation, and the 
discharge of his duty. But, on the contrary, 
these honorable Representatives deprecate and 
denounce all enforcements of lavv or all defense of 
Federal property as coercion and as war. And 
not a few of these Representatives conducted the 
lust canvass upon the avowed party platform of 
" the Constitution, the Union, and the enforcement 
of the taws." And further, I say that every in- 
terest of the%order States points to the propriety 
of an adherence to the Union. Let tho line of 
separate Government be. brought down to the 
northern boundaries of Mai•yland, Virginia, Ken- 
tucky and Missouri, and all security for their pe- 
culiar property would cease. 
Such, sir, are my objections to any compro- 
mise, and particularly at this juncture. 
The plans which have been submitted do not 
tend to diminish , bu t rather to increase, the strength 
of my objections. In my judgme_nt, each of them 
involves the surrender of the cardinal principles of 
the Republican party, which are those of the Con- 
stitution; and but one of them would tend, in any 
degree, to placate the slaveholding States, and that 
is the proposition of the honorable Senator from 
Kentucky. 
Indeed, several of the border Slates 
have declared that proposition to be their ultima- 
tum. I shall endeavor to review briefly these 
propositions, and state frankly my objections to 
each. 
The select cornrnättee of thirty-three propose, 
first, an amendment of the Constitution of the 
United States, as follows: 
"ART. 12. No amendment of thig Constitution, having 
for its object any interference within the States with the 
relation between their citizens and those described in sec- 
tion second of thc first article of the Constitution as 
other persons,' shall originate with any State that does not 
recognize that relation within its own limits, or shall be 
valid without the assent of every one of the States com- 
posing the Union." 
Sir, m.y objections to the proposed amendment 
are : 
I. It deprives the people of the United States, 
who ordained and established the Constitution, " 
of the rights of amendment thereto in the man- 
ner and form therein prescribeq, and substitutes 
the action of a State therefor, and ratification of 
all the States, instead of the people of three 
fourths thereof. 
2. It discriminates unjustly between the " peo- 
ple" of one class of States, or between those 
States themselves and the States which recognize 
the- relation specified in the Constitu tion, and 
which relation is interpreted to mean chattel sla- 
very. 
3. It would interfere with those powers of the 
Government, so ably discussed by m friend the 
distinguished gentleman from Ohio, Mr. BING- 
HAM,] first, to impose a capitation tax, appor- 
tioned upon the basis of representative popula- 
tion; second, to emancipate slaves in time of war, 
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1861. 
erty in a slave and other property," except that 
the former sustains no portion of the burdens of 
Government; that each is entitled to the same pro- 
tcction, and stands upon the same footing under 
our Constitution and laws, (19 How. Rep., pp. 
451, 452;) and it would furnish occasion for, re- 
newed decisions of similar character, and still' 
further carrying out the doctrine. 
5. By the so-called decision of the same court, 
in the same case, it was held, substantially, that 
free colored persons, whose ances_tors were im- 
ported into this country and sold as slaves, had 
no rights which the white man was bound to re- 
spect, " and were not citizens of the United States, 
although such. persons were born and reside 
therein; and that the " Constitution having taken 
from the States all power, by any subsequent 
legislation, to introduce as a citizen into the po- 
litical community of the United States, such or 
any other person, no matter where born or what 
his character or condition;" 
and such decision 
having been predicated in part upon the terms 
' citizens," " relations," all other persons," as 
used in the Constitution, and repeated in the pro- 
posed amendment, I am unwilling to furnish any 
additional evidences, sanction, or assurance to so 
atrocious a doctrine. And inasmuch as many of 
these persons so described, disqualified, and out- 
lawed, have been emancipated and reside in slave- 
States; and as many residing in and citi- 
zens of free States heretofore have gone, and may 
go, into slave States in business capacities, and 
as many so going, and temporarily• sojourning, 
have been arrested and imprisoned, and others 
may not only be so imprisoned, but sold into sla- 
very; and as State legislation has for some time 
been contemplated to reduce all colored persons 
in slaveholding States into actual or conditional 
slavery, or to impair their rights and interest, and 
banish them from such States; therefore, I am 
unwilling to support any such proposition as will' 
forbid an amendment of the Constitution more 
clearly defining, recognizing, or protecting the 
rights of such " persons, " or interfering with the 
" relations between " citizens," under such de- 
cision, and these persons, or as would more ef- 
fectua[ly protect the " rights of citizens of each 
I say I am unwill- 
State in the several States. " 
ing to support a proposition that no such amend- 
ment shall be made unless originating in a slave 
State, and approved by each and every one of the 
slave States, Including, of course, the one where 
those rights were violated. 
6. My further objection to this »nendment is, 
that the southern people, through their represent- 
atives in either branch of Congress, have never 
demanded it; but, by every fail' implication, have 
'They have demanded noth- 
protested against it. 
mg but what they called loyalty to the Constitu- 
tion. Such for years, here and elsewhere, has 
been the purport of their speeches and journals. 
To that cnd they have wielded the legislation of 
the country, and wrested the judicial authorities. 
Let us to-day agree with them, and in the loftiest 
sense, be unfalteringly loyal to the Constitution 
of our country as it is. 
7. Another obiection to this amendment. 
I 
have ever been taught to regard the Constitution 
of the Republic the fundamental lavvy of the land; 
as something sacred from the touch of the pro- 
fane; as permeated with the liberal spirit, and 
jeweled with the starry brightness of the intellects 
which framed it; as glorious all over with the 
patriotism of the Revolution ; as coming down, to 
us of inferior clay and of baser spirit, an emana- 
tion of better days and from better men; as bring- 
ing down to us, and through us bearing on to 
furthest posterity, the treasures of a " perfect 
assured 
Union," of " established justice," of 'c 
tranquillity," prosperity, and ' 'the blessings of 
liberty." I believé it has all these perfections this i 
day; and therefore, sir, I am *reluctant here, in 
under the war power vested in the Government. 
4. It would furnish additional evidence to sus- 
tain the propositions enunciated in the case of 
Dred Scott os. Sandford, that the Constitution of 
the United States recoo•nized the right of property 
in man, that there is no difference between prop- 
62 
this hour of madness and folly, to change, add, 
or diminish, onc line or word, one scntimcnt, or 
thought. And, sir, I am resolved that, in so far 
as I am concerned, no change shall therein be 
made which shall, in thc slightest degree, or by 
NEW SERIES..,.., Q. 
any interpretation, recognize the 
M.p. Madison depnegated, of admitting.'iw the 
Constitutiötfthe idea of proÉe!CSi'iR 
which 'shål fasten süch'f' 
try throug 
the proposition. 
The next Proposition is " an 
Sion of .New Mexico." My objections• to this 
compqomise are : 
I. As nearly as can be ascertained, the inhåbit- 
ants of New Mexico do: not desire that the TéR• 
itpry shall become a State; but, on the ContraL'}i, 
wish to retain. their present.condi.tio» . 
2. New Mexico is not fit to be:aHmiffed.as snch 
State. The insuffcient number of hefiBhabitantS, 
and their mixed and motley chdi•åcter, speak 
strongly against the impolicy hf such admistsiofi. 
3. i am illclined to agree with my friend from 
Ohio in his constitutional objection to her ådfniS- 
sion, and would, with him, apply to her the Jbf- 
fersonian rule applied to the State of Ohio. 
4. 1 never would vote.for the admission of New 
Mexico until she expunges from her t(xritorial 
statute-book her atrocious slave code, the won- 
der and the shame of the age and nation; a code, 
sir, which we repealed by a decided majority:at 
the last session of Congress, but which still lies 
upon the table of u Democratic Senate. 
5. This proposition to. admit New Mexico is 
brouaht forward as a compromise on the: part of 
the North to the South, while, abthe. same time, 
honorable gen tlemen of the Republican party pi•e, 
dict that it will come in as a free State. If so, 
the object for which it is proposed will fail, and 
the South will then have just cause of offense. If 
gentlemen offer it as a concession to slavery, while 
they believe it will not be so in reality, there is 
bad faith in the transaction. I will be •a party to 
no such contrivance. 
I will not assist to cheat, 
as I do not desire to be cheateÜ. I cannot consent 
that tho ethics of Tatersall's shall be thus in- 
grafted upon the honor of Parliament. 
6. But I am opposed to the adoption of this 
proposition, because I believe it will result in her 
admission as a slave State, and I believe that. she 
will secede from the Union within thirty days 
thereafter. 
This act is an enabling act; under it a consti- 
tution may be framed, and the State admitted by 
proclamation , without further congressional seru- 
tiny or action. Sir, I am opposed to such man- 
ner of admission without checks and limitations 
upon the exercise of the power granted to the 
people of the Territory. No such checks are con- 
tained in this act; and the people of New Mexico 
may frame a constitution as odious and despotic 
as they please, so only that it shall be republican 
in form—that is, representative; and with thatcon- 
stitution she will come into the Union withöut 
further action of Congress. There can be no 
reasonable doubt but one of the odious and des- 
potic features of that constitution will be the in- 
stitu tion of human slavery. The compromise of 
1850 was the organic act of New Mexico. Under 
its provisions a slave Territory has been organ- 
ized, atrocious slave codes passed, and a pro-sla- 
very Delegate sits upon the floor of. this Chamber. 
All this was accomplished by the exercise of the 
powers recognized and confirmed by the provis- 
Ions of this bill, and by excluding Congress from 
any jurisdiction over the subject-matter. By con- 
tinumg such exclusion, the result will be that New 
Mexico will come into the Union as a slave State. 
Looking back over the success of this policy, and 
forward to such consummation, the honorable 
Senator from Illinois, in his great justification- 
by-faith speech in the Senate, on the 16th of May 
last, said reproachfully, yet triumphantly, to the 
South : 
Now, what has been the result? My views were in- 
corporated into the cornpromise measures of 1850, and his 
I-lag the South been eicluded from all the 
were rejected. 
territory acquired from Mexico? What says the bill from 
the House of Repfcsentatives, now on your table, repeal- 
ing the slave code in New Mexico, -established by the peo- 
ple themselves? It is part of the history of tho country, 
that, under the doctrine of non-interveution—this doctrine 
that you delight to call squatter sovereignty—the people of 
New Mexico have introduced and protécted slavery in the 
