986 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB@. 
February 18, 
tories of Minnesota and Oregon for university 
purposes; which was read twice by its title, and 
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. 
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent 
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 565) 
for the relief of Lewis Warrington, paymaster 
United States Navy; which was read twice by its 
•title-, and referred to the Committee on Naval 
Affairé. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. 
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the following 
enrolled 'bills -and joint resolution, which have 
heretofore received the signature Of, the Speaker 
of the House of Representatives:• 
A bill (S; NO. 125) for the relief ofJohn Peebles ; 
A bill (S. No. 274) for the relief of Townsend 
A bill (H. R. No. 554) to extend the right of 
appear from decisions of the circuit courts to the 
Supreme Court •of the United States; 
•bili (H. R, No. 623) for the relief of William 
Cowing; 
A bill R. No. 841) making further provis- 
ion in relation to consolidated land offces; and 
A jöint No. 62) for the ben- 
efit of George H. Giddings. 
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED. 
The following bills from the House of Repre- 
and referred as indicated below: 
A bili (H. R, No. 971) making appropriations 
for the service of the Post Office Department duru 
irg, the year ending the 30th,of June, -1862—to the 
Committee on Finance. 
A bill (H. R. No. 997) for the relief of 
bury M. Watkins, of Mon tgomm•y County, Mary- 
A bili (H. R. No. 653) granting a pension to 
Herman J. Ehle—to the Committee 011 Pensions. 
A bill (H. R. No. 778) for of 
dren of Elizabeth Yanceyj widow of John Yan- 
coy—to the Committee on Pensions. 
A bill (H. R. No. 923) granting a pension to 
Eliza. rv•l. Plympton—to the Committee on Pon- 
sons. 
A bill (H. R. No. 624) for the relief of Hull & 
Cozzens, and John Naylor & Co.—to the Com- 
mittee on Claims. 
A bill (H. R. No. 602) granting an invalid pen- 
Sion to Henry F. Bowers—to the Committee on 
Pensions, 
A bili (H. R. No. 598) eranting a pension to 
Daniel Lucas—to thc Committee on Pensions. 
A bill (H. R. No. 597) to increase the pension 
of, William Deilll—to the Committee on Pensions. 
A bill (H. R Ä{o. 596) for the relief of James 
Van Peit—to the Committee on Pensions. 
A (H. R. No. 593) for relief of Henry 
Sanford—to the Committee on Pensions. 
A bill (H. R. No. 591) granting a pension to 
Archibald Merriman—to the Comt-nittee on Pen- 
A bill (H R. No. 590) for the relief of the 
children of William I-Iutnphrey, a soldier of the 
Revolution—to the Commit-tec on Pensions. 
A bill (H. R. No. 586) for the reiicfof the legal 
representatives of Frederick F. Brose, deceased 
—to the Committee on Naval Affairs. 
A bill (H. R. No. 311) for the relief of Mrs. 
Mary Ann Henry—to the Commi ttee on Pensions. 
A bill (H. R. No. 749) for the relief of Alfred 
C. Murphy and Hiram Burlingham—to the Com- 
mittee on Public Lands. 
A bill (H. R. No. 723) for the relief of Harris 
Tuesday next" will be substituted by unanimous 
consent. 
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to. 
POST ROUTE BILL. 
On motion of Mr. G WIN, the Senate proceeded 
to consider-its amendments to the bill (H. R: No. 
714) establishing certain post routes, disagreed to 
bythe Housc of Representatives, and the amend- 
merits of the House to other amendments of the 
Senate to that bill. 
Mr. G WIN. I now move that the Senate ln- 
sist on its amendmeiits, disagree to the amend- 
ments of the House of Repreéentatives, and 'ask 
for a committee of conference. 
I will state my 
reasons for making the motion. In the first place, 
I am instructed by the Committee on the Post 
unsealed circular, or other article of printed matter, not 
exceeding three ounces in weight, shall be one cent, and 
i for every additional ounce or fraction or an ounce, one cent 
additional. 
SEC. 20. and be it further enacted, That the cost of the 
service on the routes named in this act shaii be paid, atter 
annual appropriation, by the Secretary of the 'I'reasury, 
I upon the certificate of the Postmaster General; and that 
the rate of retter postage between any State. or Territory 
east of the Rocky Mountains and any State ror Territory on 
the Pacific coast, shall be ten cents per half ounce. 
Mr. LATHAM. I move, as an amendment to 
the motion of my colleague, that the Senate con- 
cur in the amendments of the House.of Repre- 
sentatives to the Senate amendments to this bill. 
I think that motion- will have priority, and I be- 
lieve it will settle the whole question. If the 
Senate disagree to it, of course a cornmittee of 
conference can be appointed. I make that motion 
Offce and Post Roads to make it. The main" i for this reason: the Senate will recollect very 
point which we wish to settle in this committee 
of conference, if' be granted by the Senate, is 
the fact whether the limitation of the compensa- 
t,ion to for a daily mail over the central 
route will enable the Department to get a contract 
to carry the entire mail on that route for that sum 
of money. The Senate imposed no limit. The 
Senate passed through the last session an amend- 
ment to this bill requiring the Postmaster General 
to establish a daily mail on that route, and to give 
the contract to-the lowest responsible bidder. The 
House of Representatives has amended it by lim- 
iting the expense to $800,000 a year. The Com- 
mittee on the Post Offce and Post Roads of the 
Senate are not satisfied that the service can be 
obtained for that surn of rnoney. In the event 
that be obtained, the mails have to be 
carried, as they are now carried, by the Isthmus 
ra•ute, and -we shall 'have no mail on the central 
overland route. Therefore, I ask that the Senate 
insist on its amendment, which . makes a daily 
mail on the central route certain, because there is 
no limitation on the amount, and ask fora com- 
mittcc of conference. 
Mr. LATHAM. Let the Secretary read the 
well the termination of this struggle over the over- 
land system at the close of the last session: a 
quarrel ensued between the two branches of Con- 
ffress as to the proper policy to be pursued rela- 
tive to the overland mails; and the consequence 
was, that no system whatever was adopted. The 
Govérnment was left entirely at the Inet•cy of the 
steamship companies as to the great bulk of mail 
matter. 
Now, sir, repreænting a constituency that have 
such a direct and vital interest in this question, I 
am unwilling to see the same state of things occur 
again, if I can possibly prevent it; and therefore I 
move that the Senate concur in the amendments 
of the House of Representatives. 
I know that 
the Committee on the Post Offce and Post Roads 
of thc House of Representatives have maturely 
deliberated on these amendments; they consid- 
all the information they could, and when finally 
they got them before. the House. of Representa- 
tives, it took two or three ureeks before the chair- 
man of that committee could get the floor 
—with 
the press of business there existing—to put them 
on their passage. They were finally adopted. 
amendment. 
Now, within twelve working days of the close of 
Mr. G MTIN. Read the original proposition, and this session, a motion is made that recommences 
the amendment proposed by the House of Rep- 
resontatives. 
The Secretary read the amendment of the Sen- 
ate, to insert the following section: 
SEC. 18. vand be itfurt.her enacted, 'I'hat the Postmaster 
General be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to ad- 
vertise for proposals for the daily transportation of the entire 
mail, overland, between St. Louis, Missouri, and San Fran- 
Cisco, CalifOruia, over the central route, in twenty. days 
time, thc bids to be rcccived until the 1st day of I)ccelnber 
next ensuing, and the service to eommenee on the 1st day 
ofJuIy, 1861 ; and the Postmaster General is hereby directed 
to award the contract to the responsible bidder. 
The House of Representttives proposed to 
strike out that section, and insert in lieu of it the 
followinff•. 
SEC. 18. wand be it further enacted, That the Postmaster 
General ts hereby authorized and directed to advertise for 
proposals för the daily transportation the entire mail, 
overland, botvveen St. Joseph, Missouri, or sotne other point 
on the Missouri river, connected by railroad vvith the East, 
which may be scleeted by the contractor, aud Placerville, 
Califörnia, over the central route, thc bids to be received rill 
the first Monday off April, 1861, and the service commence 
Juiv l, 1861, or as sooti thereafter as passible, and to terrn- 
inane .fnly l. 186.5 ; and the Postinaster General is hereby di- 
rected award the contract to the lowest responsible bidder 
furnishing ample guarantees of his ability and disposition 
to perform his contract: Pro Dided, That the 
itinount of his 
bid shall not exceed per year: Provided, That the 
contractor shall supply Denver City and Great Salt Lake 
City at least semi-weekly without c.xt.ra charge: and. pro- 
•c.idedfurther, That the letter and newspaper znail shall be 
carried through in twenty days, and the pamphlet, Inaga- 
zine. periodical, and public (locutnent Inail jn thirty-five 
But the Postmaster General knay authorize the car- 
& Hodge, of Nfissouil 
the Cornmittee on the ft of' saiii rnagazine. periot_åieal, and public 
doe (itneut portion of the by steamship route, at least 
Post Ofiice and Post Roads. 
sellit-{nontlliy, to San Francisco, it' desired by the contract- 
A bi\l (H. R. No. 678) for the relief of Samuel 
or, and if said service is performed at thc contractor s ex- 
Perry—to the Comrnittee on Claims. 
.Rnd vided further, 'l_'hat the contractor shali not 
A bill (H. R. No. 626) for the relief of Stephen 
be -requ ired, in addition to the, letter mad, to carry rnore of 
F. Willis—lo the Committee on Commerce. 
the newspaper rnail by the twenty-day scheduke than wilk 
A bill (H. R. No. 625) for the relief of' Captain 
xnake the averatre weight of the whole mail one thousand 
pounds per day, and tlie remainder, it' auy, Uf the newspa- 
Alexander -V. Frazer 
—to the Committee on 
per mail shall be carried on the thirty-five day schedule 
Claims. 
HOUR OF MEETING. 
i above provided tur. 
SEC. 19. ..and be It further enacted, the Postmaster 
General is hereby directed to extend the existing mail con- 
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro- 
tract on ronte 6076, in the State o? 'J_'exas. so that it will 
this struggle between the two branches of Con- 
I gress; and I believe that the result of it will be a 
! fäilure to reconcile conflicting ideas and diffeul- 
ties, and no law wilE be passed whatever. 
I do 
shall have to assume or share any such responsi- 
bility. If the Senate agree to these amendments 
as ingrafted on this bill by the House of Repre- 
sentatives, then we shall have got a perfect over- 
land mail system—a system as complete, m my 
judgment, us human wisdom can devise. If there 
are other amendménts to be offered, if Senators 
have other sucrgestions to carry out properly the 
policy of the Government, in curtailing the ex- 
penses, as you then have an existing law, you 
can move amendments to your Post Offce appro- 
priation bill to curtail expenses, or modify the 
service, as your judgments may dictate. But, sir, 
I first want a law perfecting this overland mail 
syst.em. 
Now, what is the argument against the amend- 
ments of the House of Representatives ? My col- 
league says that he does not believe this service 
cah be carried under tbe flouse 's amend men L. over 
the central route, and the Committee on the Post- 
Office and Post Roads' of the Senate are of his 
opinion; that they are not satisfied of this, and 
therefore they want a committee of conference of 
the two branches to be satisfied of this fact. Sir, 
I ask, how on earth is Congress ever to be satis- 
fied that it cannot be done until the effort is made 
as provided in the House amendments to this bill? 
Who are you going to consult? Not a parcel of 
speculating contractors who around your 
galleries; they are not the men who are alone to 
bc consulted in this matter. know that respons- 
ible gentlemen have stated to IY1e that the service 
can be performed, and that they will bid for i'. I 
do not take their word for it 
Mr. GWIN. Who are they? 
Mr. LATHAM. I am not here to be cate- 
chized 
ceeded to consider the resolution. sub _ expire with connecting route 12578, known as the Butter- 
I! The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
field route, provided itcan be done at an additional expense California will pause. The hour of one o'clock 
mitted by him on Saturday -last: 
Resoleed, That on and after Monday-next the daily hour i i weekly connection with tilC city of New Orleans, but the having arrived, the Chair must call up the special 
of Ineeting of the Senate shall be eleven o'e\ock, until Postrna.sterGeneral shali have the sanit) authority over this 
I order, which is the tariff' bii). 
otherwise ordered. 
route as all others; and after said (lany over}and mail 
Mr. GWIN J. hope the Senator from Rhode 
has gone into operation, the postage l)et.ween any State 01' 
Mr. G WIN. Say to-inorrow. 
. island will perlTit my to cro on, and 
The VICE PRESIDENT. 
On and after 
on the Pacific, on cach newspaper, periodical, 
shall want to somethincr in rppiv to hiln. 
