1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL 
T hc VICE PRESIDENT. Is there a motion committee to finish their amendments, he.can.pro- 
to postpone the special order? 
Mr. G WIN, 'Temporarily, to get through with 
this sul\ect. 
l\/lr. ÆSSENDEN 1 hope not.- we keep 
postponing it every day. Let us get through the 
It stands in the way of everything 
tariff bill. 
else. We can take this up again in the morning 
hour to-morrow. 
Mr. G WIN. It is only to ask- fof-a committee 
of conference. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. it makes debate. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The debate will not lastlong 
—only two or th ree hours. [Laughter.] 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Other things will come 
in after that. 
Mr. BAKER. There are other interests in the 
world besides the tariff interest; and this is one 
of them. It is now on hand, and it will save time 
i am cordially disposed 
to dispose of it at once. 
toward the tariff bill; but, I beg •leave to remind 
gentlemen that there are other things and other 
places. W c havc not had very much time for the 
Pacific coast, and I think a little would not hurt 
us now. 
Mr. GWIN I hope this subject will be dis- 
posed of. 
I'vlr. FESSENDEN. 1 am only desirous to 
have business done in its order. 
'rhe VICE PRESIDENT. If no motion be 
made, the Chair will take up the special order, 
being the tariff bill. 
Mr. G WIN. I hope it M,'ill be postponed. 
1 shall call 
Nit.. FESSENDEN. 1 hope not. 
for the yeas and nays. 
Mr. GREEN. It is proper for me to state, 
before the vote is taken, that the bill now under 
consideration '*Vill be debated at considerable 
length; I expect to participate in it at some length 
myself. 
Mr. G WIN. I hope the action of the Senate 
will not be postponed by threat to put Offa votc 
It is as irnportanta 
on this question by debate. 
question as we can take up, a' least to the country. 
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the motion will not 
i think we had better adhere to the tariff 
prevail. 
bili until we dispose of it. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is 
on the motion of the Senator from California. 
Mr. G WIN. I ask for the yeas and nays. 
Mr. BAKER. so do 1. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll. 
IVh,. RICE. 1 am paired with the Senator 
I should vote 
from Maine, [Mr. MORRILL.] 
yea," if I .were at liberty to vote. 
Mr. NICHOLSON. 1 do not vote. 
paired with the Senatör from Iowa, [MI'. GRIMES.] 
The result was announced—yeas 13, nays 25; 
as follows: 
VEAS—Messrs. Baker. Bragg, Bright, Gwin, Hunter, 
Johnson of Arkansas, J6hnson• of 'I'cnnessee, Kennedy, 
Lane. Polk, Powell, Sebastian, and Wigfall—13. 
N AMS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bingham, Carnerou, 
Chaudier, Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglås, l)urkee, Fes- 
sendcn, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Green, Hake, Harlan, Seward; 
Siunnons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trunnbulk Wade, Wilkin- 
son, and Wilson—25. 
So the motion was not agreed to. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The tariff bill is 
Mr. G MI IN. Before the Senate proceeds to 
that business, I ask that the Senate amendments 
to this bill—not the post routes that we added, 
but the other amendments in regard to the over- 
land and occan service—be printed for the use of 
the Senate. 
Mr. HALE. 1 hope that will be done by 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will 
put that motion, if there bc no objection. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. G WIN. I give notice that I shall call this 
pose his. 
Mr. POWELL. Has the Senator amendments 
to proposc from the committee ? 
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 yield. 
Mr. SIMMONS. move an amendment to the 
eighteenth section , in line four , on page 28', after the 
word books," to strike out the words" printed, 
in the English language, or of which the English 
forms the text, bound or unbound, •15'cents per. 
pound; and on all books printed in foreign. la-n- 
guages, 8 cents pet poundi" and in lieu thereof, 
to insert: 
Periodicals, pamphlets, and all printed mattef, and illus-- 
trated books and papers; and on watches and parts ot' 
watches, and watch materials, and unfihi$he_d parts of 
watches, 15 per centum ad nalorem. 
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the amend- 
•mcnt by striking out 15 per centum," and in- 
serting IO- per centum," in the first portion of 
it, which relates to books and printed literature. 
I wish to state to the Senate that if the table which 
I laid before them this morning is correct, the 
present bill, as it has been arranged, will enhance 
the duty upon books 200 per cent. That is to 
say, on the same quantity of books which now 
pay a duty of $394, there would be a (hit-y of $787 
I understand the effect of the 
under the bill. 
amendment proposed by the honorable Senator 
from Rhode Island, to ptace the duty at 15 per 
cent. , will be to enhance the duties c.olloc.ted from 
that source 100 pcr cent. The effect of my own 
amendment to his amendmcnt would be to pro- 
duce an increased revenue from that source of 
about 30 per cent. above tbc present tariff. Sup- 
posipg that 30 per cent. is quite enough to levy on 
knowledge and literature, I move to amend the 
amendment in that way. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I •am very sorry that any of 
these extravagant papers have cot on our side of 
In that paper the duty is made 300 
the Senate. 
per cent. on a duty of 15! These books are.in 
the bill at 15 cents a pound; and I suppose some- 
body has been making a calculation as to how. 
much that would amount to on some particular 
kind of paper and books. The committee now 
propose to put a duty of 15 per cent. on all kind 
of books, no matter in what language they are 
printed. T lie reason I dislikéd this section was 
because it put a different rate of duties on books 
printed in other languages than our own. 
not want to make any difference in our commer- 
Cial relations between t_hose who speak our own 
If 
and those who speak some other languaoe. 
they want to send books here, Ict them send them. 
This duty of 15 per cent cannot be tortured into 
It is 15 per 
100 pe.r cent. in any way you fix it. 
that is the whole of it. 
It is not a revenue 
cent. ; 
duty. That is as plain as A, B, C. We have got 
to have as much a.s $20,000,000 over the present 
tariff; and I have consented to put the duty on 
books as low as it was proper in the present con- 
II dition of the Treasury, and I' hope it will remain 
II 
so 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 have only to say 
I hope they will 
to the friends of this measure. 
stand by the chairman of the committee in these 
matters. He understands this whole subject. He 
has investigated it very fully. If we are to make 
987 
ter from a distinguished gentleman conoegtedwith 
thé literature- 
attention of the Senate to these words: 
A heavy tariff ou foreign. books is, 
barism against the •very decree •of' Pfovidelicb -thacv 
vhnced race and family 'becötn-e,'ihorec ånd 
Inore united in thought, religion, the; orts-. and 
law'. ..A heavy-book tariff is a sort. of;odious secession.,fyeni 
the great commonwealth: Qi' civilizatiqn.'? * 
"*oks aredaily getting de:ver. Hubdréds time$l, 
abstained-from buying a boök I.st00d•- in .1ieedÄ0f.,-.bqgause 
too dear;. and we to (increasp 
gialky, while, after all, get lesser 
ury by such -a,mcasure, people' are:yery to-treat books 
as luxuries. They are emphatically necessaries of civiliza- 
tton, -espceiailyv for annew -eotrntry -that- hid to estabnsh 
libraries—to. build those bridges over which civilization: 
travels froin country to:country, and fromgeneration to-gen-_ 
eratjon. This is acknowledged 'by fact that •public 
libraries are, allowed to import duty free. Why, every 
libraiy of a. scholar, lawyeriQminister, tis a public library. 
What does he want books Ibr? For thoughts. What are 
his thpught.s? Are they nöi for the . public, for the• com- 
I submit, Mr. President, a high duty. on 
bookk will add very little tothe Yevenae ofth!e coån- 
try, while it will {Ill upon a class of persons we, 
I think, we shou'ld' by every possible mea'nS favor. 
It will fall upon the poor scholar; the' clergymdn, 
and the lawyer. My impression is, we had 'bet- 
ter throw our dütieson something else rather than 
u pon a class so important as these, whö ifthey feel: 
the. pressure of this duty will be apt to bo against 
I, therefOré, agree With 
our whole tariff system. 
the Senator from New York in fixing ihe duty at 
the lowest point, and -if I could have my own 
way, I would have books entirclv free'. 
N'ir. SIMN:IONS. One of the- inducements I 
had to change the duty upon books from what 
I was going to put it in the bill, was in order to 
satisfy the Senator from Massachusetts: he toldk 
me that he was satisfied; , but suppose every- 
body has.a right to-change his opinibn. 
Mr. SUMNER. 1 thought Icould get a little 
more off. 
Mr. SIMMONS. You were satisfied, if you 
could not get any more. 
Mr. SUMNER.- That is it. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, sir, when am trymg 
to satisfy the friends of a measure by making 
modifications, I expect that they will hold on to 
I think a man ought to have, 
them at least an hour. 
I took 
a reasonable time to change his opinion. 
the pains this morning to sec those members of 
the committee, that I thought the I-nirdest, and 
they consented to this modification on books, 
putting them at 15 per cent. While I was read- 
Ing the section, the Senator from Massachusetts 
came and said, if I would pug it there, hc would 
be content. Now, when somebody proposes to 
put it sornewhere else, and make a change in the 
, he is in favor of changinæ it. We shali not 
I an-I willing 
get along very fast in that way. 
take the vole, ana should be •perfectly Satisfied if 
the Senate voted all the duties off. I'. merely-wish 
to do my duty and present such. provisions its I 
think are right. 
Mr. BARER. Will the Senator me to 
ask him a question? Does the increase or de- 
crease of the duty upon books affect the .pricc of 
the writing, or simply of the printing? Is it Inore 
likely to encourage the republication of foreign 
books here, or otherwi», by or , de- 
creasing the duty? 
altcrations for every person interested that comes I Mr. SIMMONS. A duty is put on books for 
here, we shall never get the bill through. We the purpose of encouraging their republication 
shali find that everybody interested. in the im- here, and the use of the material and labor in this 
country in the production of books. They are 
portation of a particular article will come here and 
complain that he is wrofiged. Let us stand by sold very much cheaper here than they are in the 
countries where they are first published; because 
this bill as it is. 
The, PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER.) they are copyrighted books, and 
they have a 
T hc question is on the amendment of the Senator : monopoly there. You get one of their magazines 
after it is reprinted in the United States, for two 
from New York to thc amendment of the Senator 
thirds of what it is sold for in England. 
from Rhode Island. 
I Mr. BINGHAM 1 to ask the Senator 
Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays; 
In the. letter which 
I frolil Rhode Island a question. 
and they were ordered. 
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts read, 
Mr. SIIMMONS. I want to call the at tention 
the referred to a high duty on books. I 
suhjcct up early morning; and I hope 
of those who intend to devise sornc revenue for 
I the Government to the fact that the proposed tariff want to kilow if the 15 per cent. that he proposes 
the Senate will stand by it. 
on these books is only 15 per cent. , and the prop- is that high duty ? 
THE TARIFF BILL. 
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re- osition is to take off a third of that. When we II Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator must know as 
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. want money, we cannot find any interest that is well as I do, that it is not near up to what we call 
338) to provide for the payment of outstanding , I willing to pay it. W e want. to get #20,000,000 | a revenue duty. We mean to get 20 per cent. on 
but when we come to put 5 per cellt. I all ituportations under this bill, if we can. 
'I'reasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate additional; 
and fix tile dulies on imports, and for other pur- on an article, sotnehody is o•oing to be ruined BING HANI. That letter, then, has no 
application to this bill. 
poses. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 to amend the 
Mr. SIMMONS. If thc Senator will aiiow the 
Mr. SIMMONS. Not at all. But it is just as 
* Mr. SUMNER. Before vote is taken, 1 
will take the libertv of reading & passtvre in a let- good as if it had. [Laughter 
