1860, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
3 
therefore thought it might be as welk to consider 
it now. But, if gentlemen wish to proceed to the 
drawing of seats now, I will give way for that 
purpose. 
MI'. PHELPS. Fi'he gentleman's motion can 
be called up to-morrow as well as to-day. Let us 
If the 
proceed in the usual course of business. 
gentleman withdraws his motion, I withdraw my 
proposition to lay upon the table. 
Mr. GROMT. i withdraw my proposition until 
after the drawing of seats. 
DRAWING OE SEATS. 
Mr. SHERMAN offered the following resolu- 
Lion; which was read, considered, and agreed to: 
Reso!.ced, Tl'hat the Clerk of the House, immediately after 
passage of this reso\ttT.iD11, piace in a box tbe name of 
each A1 mnber and Delegate ofthe House of Representatives, 
written on a separate slip of paper; that he then proceed 
in the prcscnce of the House to dra'.v from said box, one 
at a tune, the said slips of paper, and as each is drawn, he 
shall an nou ace the nanle of the Member or Delegate upon it, 
WIIO shall choose his seat for the present session: Providcd, 
'I'hat be'.öre said drawing shall comrnenee. the Speaker 
shall cause every seat to be vacated, and -shall see that 
every seat continues vacant until it is selected undcr this 
be deemed yacant if left unoccupied betOre the calling of 
the roll is finished. 
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make one suøges- 
tion. The House has just appointed a committee 
of three to wait upon the President, and propose 
that lhe rnembers of that committec may author- 
ize friend to choose seats for then-I. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let that bc 
donc by unanimous consent. 
Mr. PHELPS. very well. 
MESSAGE TO THE SENATE. 
Mr. GROW. I desire to ask if any message 
has been sent to the Senate, infortning them that 
we are orcranized, and ready to proceed to busi- 
ncs•s. 
SPEAKER. There has not. 
Mr. GROW. By general consent, I ask that 
the drawing of seats be suspended for a moment; 
and I move that the Senate be notified that the 
House is organized, and ready to proceed to busi- 
ness . 
The motion was agreed to. 
DRAWING OF SEATS. 
The order for the drawing of seats was then 
executed, according to the terms of the resolution. 
Pending the drawing, 
Mr. HILL stated that he had been requested 
to announce that Mr. BRABSON was absent on ac- 
therefore call the previous question on the motion 
to reconsider. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I under- 
stand that the Senate has adjourned, and that we 
will probablv have no message to-day. I there- 
fore move that the House do now adjöurn. 
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at 
twenty-five minutes after one o'clock, p. m.) 
the House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve 
o'clock, m. 
IN SENATE. 
TUESDAY, December 4, 1860. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
Hon. JAMES HARLAN of Iowa, Hon. ANDREW 
JOHNSON of Tennessee, Hon. J 011N R. THOM• 
SON of New jersey, Hon. WILLIAM M. G wm 
of California, Ilon. MORTON S. WILKINSON of 
Minnesota, and Hon. ALFRED IVERSON of Geor- 
gia, appeared in their seats. 
TheJournal of yesterday was read and approved. 
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED. 
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, I ask Icave to 
withdraw from the files of the Senate the papers 
of John Anderson, which were réferred to the 
Committee on Claims during the last session, but 
upon which there was no action. 
The motion was agreed to. 
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE. 
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, the committee 
appointed by the Senate, in conjunction witli a 
similar committee appointed on the part of the 
House of Representatives, to inform the Presi- 
dent of the United States that the two Houses of 
Congress had assembled and werc ready to pro- 
ceed to business, have discharged that duty, and 
the President informed them that hc would com- 
municate with the two Houses of Congress in 
writing this day at twelve o'clock. 
A. J. GLOSSARENNER, Esq., the Private Secre- 
tary of the President of the United States, ap- 
peared below the bar, and said: Mr. President, 
am directed by tho President of the United 
States to deliver to the Senate a messagc in 
writing. 
The VICE PRESIDENT, (the message hav- 
Is it -'hc 
ing been delivered into his hands.) 
pleasure of the Senate that the message be now 
read ? 
to run. They must, howevef, be cut down a! 90 
distant day. Not-drily that; but2itth'ae 
Representatives is divided tb 'Some Jittle extent; 
hour tong can it be so? •We- all kiioWxthzitONé'W 
England has presen ted an unbroken' froni for 
time past; and does any man döübi that -samé 
organization that elected Abraham *Lincoln 
make a clear majority of both braneheS•of C,öii2 
gress? The efforts of the Abolitionrsts bé 
directed to the few doubtful disiricts, and: they 
will soon be subjected to their control'. S6 
erful and steady is the current of their progress 
that it will soon overwhelm the entii•e North. In 
this way they must soon control thé Pfe$ide.iit, 
both Houses of Congress, the Supreme -Coui'_i, 
and all the offcers of the Goverriment. 
The result is that a sectionali party witl- Wield 
the entire power Uver all the departments the 
Government. Gentlemen say they are ' shQWn 
by the vote to be in a minority. That is an ag- 
gravation. Under our present Federal'systefif;it 
turns out that a little more than one third of the 
voters may control all the depm•tments åt• the 
Government, and oppress tyrannically not only 
the South but the rninority athOme.: i take it for 
granted that nobody foresaw thiststaté Of: thirfgg 
when the Constitutiori was madé'. If the Fédö*ål 
ConStitution wcrc out of the Way,-tbié mihority 
could be resisted; but under the present system— 
and it is that that alarms the South only 'thé-mOfe 
—evcrybody sees that there may 
majority which represents a minority of the peo- 
plc, that may absolutely control the whole Gof- 
ernment. I would not consent for my constituents 
to be governed absolutely even by a sectional 
majority, much less by a minority. T hc Sondh 
would bc then in the condition of Ireland, repre- 
sented nominally, but really as pdwerless as -if 
the semblance of representation was not given to 
it at all. 
But this is not the worst view of the case. We 
are not only to be governed by a sectional dom- 
ination which does not respect our rights, bytby 
one, the guiding principle of which is hostility to 
It is that, .IVIF. President, 
the southern States. 
that has alarmed the country; and it is •idle for 
•gentlemen to talk to us about this thing being 
done according to the forms of the Constitution 
A majority even might begin a revolution in-that 
way; you might totally change the whole char•• 
actor of the Government, in fact, without abolish- 
ing its forms. T hc Rornan Republic was in fact 
mes- converted into a grinding despotism by just such 
There being a oeneral acquiescence, tl 
[It will be published in Ap- a process. The most outrageous tyranny can be 
count of injuries lately received, which disabled was read. 
perpetrated undcr all the forms of law. 
pendix.] 
hin'l frmn attendance upon the Incetincrs of the 
It is said, however, that some of the States are 
I make i 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Preside 
the usual motion for printing the messaoe, and I 
inclined to be precipitat.e in their preparations for 
I-louse. 
r. I•sthe drawingofseats concluded ? 
I do not think so. I admit tha•t what 
will take this occasion to offer a suegestion or two I resistance. 
are called the cotton States lilay be precipitate as 
SPEAKER. It is. 
upon some of the points embraced in it. 
Mr. GROW. Then 1 call up the motion to 
compared with my own and some other States; 
As to the general tone of the message, Mr. 
reconsider the vote by which the bill to secure 
President, everybody will say that it is eminently I but if you compare their action with that of (for2 
h0kYIQstead.s to actual settlers on the public do- 
eign States or nations that have existed heretofore 
patriotic, and I agree with a crreat deal that is in 
main ',vas rmert•ed to the Committee of the Whole 
but I think it falls short of stating the case. yon cannot so regard them. Why, sir, I say 
on the state of the Union. 
CHANGE OF COM.u1TTEF,. 
it; 
that is now before the country. It is not, for ex- i boldly that if the occurrences which have hap- 
ample, merely that a dangerous man has been pened in this country for the last fifteen- years 
were done by a foreign nation we should have 
elected the Presidency of the United States. 
Pennsylvania will yield for a single we know that complicated system that I been involved in war. 
If the property of' an 
miaht very well occur by accident, and he be American citizen is taken by any fot:eign nation, 
nnnnent., I desire to say that, as my seat will bc 
vacant in this House from the 1st of January . powerless; but I assert that the P vesidcnt elect I and upon a demand for redress it is notgiven up, 
01' paid for, war follows; and if, instead, the for- 
next, i think it proper that the Speaker should has been elected because. he was known to be a dan- 
eign Government legislates to protect tho wroncr- 
have authority -to constitute the Committee of gcrou•s qnan. He avows the principle that is 
irrepressible. conflict." He de- doer, war is inevitable. Everybody knows that 
Ways arid Means at this time as it shall bc during known as the 
clares that il is the purpose of thc North to make if the property of a Frenchman, for example, was 
I therefore ask to bc excused from 
taken in England, and the British Government, 
the session. 
war upon section until its social system has 
servinrr on that committee. 
been destroyed, and for that he was faken up and II instead of making satisfaction, •vere to pass acts 
'Che committees are not 
e\octcd. That declaration of war is, dangerous, of Parliament to protect t.he wrong-doers, war 
Several NIEMBERS. 
because it has been indorsed by a majority of the would be inevitable. 
constituted yet. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the i 
It would bc the case if the same thing occurred 
Housc that the rule on the subject of committees votes Of the free States in the late election. 
this great, remarkable, and dangerous fact that between any other foreign States. Dat we are_'in' 
was Inodified at thc last session; and the , 
has filled nw section with alarm and dread for the a vastly worse condition than would be the peo- 
ple of any foreign State, because those States of 
mittees arc now appointed for the Congress, ex- 
I future. 
cept where a vacancv occurs, which, of COLIÜSC, 
the Union that legislatö to prevent the. recapture 
I T hc President savs that he nul.y be powerless 
'l"he, gentleman from 
of our property are doing it in perfect safety. 
will be filled bv the Chair. 
I by reason of the opposition in Congress now; 
but that is only a ten-iporary relief. Everybody II The proceedings of the old Barbary Powers svh•en 
Maine asks to bc excused from further service on 
the Cornmittee of 'Ways and Means. The ques- 
knows that the. majority which has borne him they used to send out cruisers arid capture prop- 
tion is on that motion. 
nootion was a«rreed to. 
into the Chair can control all the departments of erty on the high seas, were manly and honorable 
\Vhy, sir, five or six of our enterprises compat•ed with these proceedings', 
this Government. 
cowlservative Senntors have already to give place because they ran the risk of having their townS 
HOMESTEAD BILL—AGAIN. 
Nil'. GROW. Mr. Speaker, if' my motion to to others on the 4th of' March; and if the others botnbardcd;• and in fact, it was done- by : the 
GO not, it is simply because their terms havc not American and British and other Governments'; 
the vote bv svhich the homestead bill 
(fie Senators from Indiana and but here in perfect safuy this systcm of legisla- 
reco 
•fl.n•rcd to the Conunittec of the NV hole on i: expired. Both 
the State of the Union be adopted, I propose, if the Senator from ilkinois, [A'Ir. DOUGLAS,] and tion goes or, , and there is no redress 'nhdér our 
other i.voald be beaten by that same system; and yet, if the State of •Söåth- Carolina, 
I i majority, if it were not that their terms have time or any other, •proposes to act", she •is reflected 
it 
desire to discuss the bid, to leave 
for discussion for a reasonable time u 
