4 
upon. I: allude to her particularly because she I 
has no representatives on this floor. She does 
not need defense from me or anybody else; and 
if her representatives were here I should not have 
even said this much. 
Instead of being precipi- 
tate, she and the whole South have been wondcr- 
fully patient, No free people were, I think, ever 
so much so. 
Gentlemen say that the border States are the 
States that have most reason to complain, and 
they appeål to those South to wait longer. But, 
Mr. President, what has been the past history of 
the country in relation to this slavery question? 
We all know that in 1850, when there was a great 
strwcrle o•oinc on to cret a fair settlement 
—a set- 
tlement which would have placed the South in a 
proper positiQn with reference to the Territories, 
the border States, much to my regret, were the 
first to leave us in the struggle. They abandoned 
the zeneral cause of the South for the right to re- 
cover their fugitive slaves. 
I do not mean to say 
that all their Representatives were willing to take 
this course, 
I know that the two Senators from 
Virginia, and rnany others, resisted that inade- 
quate settlement; but the border States were re- 
sponsible mainly for it. 
'I'his fact produced dis- 
trust in the States further south, because every- 
thing scorned to have been given up for that fugi- 
tive Slave law, which is now worth nothing to 
anybody. 
Again, Mr. President, when, Inst winter, thc 
State of South Carolina sent hcu• commissioner to 
Virginia seeking a conference, we had not only 
from the. Black Republican press of thc North, 
but from the southern Union press, a ffreat• clamor 
about thc Union. Then Virgkl)ia was called upon 
not to go into " South Carolina's 
disunion 
schcmes. ' 
I thought it very unfortunate then 
that no action was taken by thc southern States 
upon the question. 
it I'D ight have been 
too late to avert the present dangers. 
'I'hat has 
passed by, and now the condition of South Car- 
olina, as compared to Virginia, is just like that 
of two individuals, both of' whom have been in- 
salted and kicked for a long w•hile, and one of 
them says, " I propose now to 'ret out of't-hc wax' • 
and the 01her replies, " If vou do, all these blows 
will fhll on me, and I want you to stand by me 
and divide the torrent of' obloquy and castigation, 
BO that In y load inay be thc lighter." 
I say, sir, that the people of the United States 
would not submit for one momcnt to the treat- 
ment from a foreign nation that t.he southern 
States have suffered at the hands of thc North. 
I have heard it sucrtrestcd that the laws to which 
have to be repealcd. 
I have no 
doubt they ought. to be. they wili be 
or not, other gentlemen can judge better than I; 
but the mere repeal of these laws, I am free to 
say, would not, in nny opinion, satisfy lhe sec- 
tion froin which I corne•, because the fugitive 
slave law is rcndercd a nullity by the action of 
mobs, indet)endently of this State legislation; and 
if, in addition, the tnarshnl.s should be Abolition- 
ists, there would be the less need of such Stale 
legislation. 
'l'he President has said that there ought to be 
new constitutional guarantees. 
I do not see how 
any southern man can make propositions. We 
have petitioned and rennonstrated for the last ten 
years, and to no purpose. 
If gentlemen on the 
other side have anything to propose ofa decisive 
and satisfactory character, I have no doubt the 
section frorn which come would be willing 
I say to those gentiemon in perfect frank- 
ness that, in my judgm-ent, not only will a num- 
ber of States secedc in the next sixty days, but 
some of the otbcr States are holding on merely to 
see if proper guarantees car) bc obtained. YVe 
have in North Carolina only two considerable I 
parties. The absolute submissionists are too 
small to be called a party; but the mass of the 
people consist of those who are for immediate 
action, and those who are waitino• for a few 
months to see whether any guarantees will be 
proposed that are sufficient to save our honor and 
Insure our safety. 
I give the opinion—gentlemen may take it for 
what it is worth—that unless something of that 
kind occurs, you will sec most of the southern 
States irr motion at an early day; and without 
undertaking to advise, I say that, unless some 
com prehensive plan of that kind be adopted, 
CONGRØSSIONAL GLOBfi. 
December 4, 
ment the wisest thing this Congress can do would 
be to divide the public property fairly, and appor- 
tion the public debt. 
I say, sir—and events in 
the cOurse of a few months will determine whether 
I aln right or not—in my judgment, unless the 
decided constitutional guarantees are obtained at 
an early day, it will be best for all sections that 
a peaceable division of the public property should 
take place. 
I know there are intimations that suffering will 
faki upon us in the South, if we secede. My 
people are not terrified by any such considera- 
tions. T hoy have been governed, not by cow- 
ardic.e, but. by a very strong attachment to the 
Union. They have no fears of the future, if 
driven to rely on themselves. The southern States 
have morc territory than all the colonies had when 
they seceded from Great Britain, and a better ter- 
ritory. Taking its position, climate, and fertility 
into consideration, there is not upon earth a body 
of territory superior to it. Everybody knows it 
would supporta population of three hundred mil- 
lion if it were as densely settled as parts of 
Europc, that from personal observation 1 know 
not to be superior to it. r i'he southern States 
have, too, at this day, four times the population 
the colonies had when they seceded from Great 
Britain. Their exports to the North and to for- 
eign countries were, last year, more than three 
hundred million dollars; and a duty of ten per 
cent. upon the same amount of imports would 
give #30,000,000 of revenue—twice as much as 
General Jackson's administration spent in its 
first year. Everybody can see, too, how the 
bringing in of $300,000,000 of imports into the 
southern ports would enliven business in our sea- 
board towns. 
I havc secn with some satisfac- 
tion, also, {VI r. President, that the war made upon 
us has benefited certain branches of industry in 
my State. There are inanufåcturin(' establish- 
rnents in North Carolina, 
the proprietors of 
which tell me that they are making fifty per cent. 
annually on their whole capital, and yet cannot 
supply one tenth of the demands for their pro- 
ductions. The result of only ton per cent. duties 
ill excluding from abroad, would givc 
life and impetus to Incchanical and manufacturin& 
industry throughout the clitirc South. Our peo- 
plc understand these things, and they are not 
aCraid of results if fin•ced to declare indoperldence. 
Indecd, 
I do not see why northern Republicans 
should wish to continuc a connection with us 
upon any terms. They say that our institutions 
are a disgrAcc to the political family, which they 
intend t*rnove. They declare African slavery 
to be a crin)e, and that it rnust be abolished. If 
'.ve arid they separate, their consciences will be 
freed from all responsibility fot' .this sin. They 
vvant high tariffs likewise. They may put on 
five hundred per cent. , if they choose, upon their 
own and nobody 011 our side will coin- 
plain. 'They Inay spend all the money they raise 
on railroads, or opening harbors, or.any thing on 
earth they desire, without interförence from us; I 
and it does seein to that if t,l'ley are sincere in 
their views, they ought to welcome a scparation. 
confess, Mr. President, that I do not know 
whether or not I understand the views of the 
exactiy on some points. There is some- 
thing said in il about collecting the revenue. 
1 
fully agree with the President that there is no 
right in this Goverrnrrent to attelnpt to 
power or 
coerce State back into the U l')ion•, but it the 
State does secede, and thus becomes a forei«rn 
State, it to mc equally clear that you have 
no right to collect t.axes in it. 
It is not pretended 
that we can collect taxes at British or other for- 
cig»n ports from commerce goinff in there. 
think it better for all pafties that it should be done 
peaceably and quietly; and as far as I havc any 
influence, it will be exerted for bringing it about 
in that way if it must come. I deo nol undertake 
to say what my own Slate will do. Even if she 
were not inclined to move, she will soon find a 
movement on her southern border; and so it is 
with Virginia, and with all the Southern States; 
and in my opinion the movement wili not stop 
until they all go. I give that opinion because 
this is an occasion of so much moment that no 
man ought to withhold his opinions. 
I may be 
wrong; but I speak on the subject frankly, just 
as i would converse with any gentleman by the 
fireside. 
My purpose was not so much to make a speech 
as to state what I think is the great diÆculty; and 
that is, that a man has been elected because he 
has been and is hostile to the South. It is this 
that alarms our people; and I am free to say, as I 
have said on the stump this summer, repeatedly, 
that if that election were not resisted, either now 
or at some day not far distant, the Abolitionists 
would succeed in abolishing slavery all over the 
South. 
Now, as to this idea of gentlemen waiting for 
overt acts. Why, sir, if the fugitive slave law had 
been repealed without these other occurrences, it 
could not have produced half the excitement in 
the country. Men would have said, W c havc 
gotten back very few negroes under it; its repeal 
merely puts us where we were ten years aff0.' 
Again, if you were to abolish slavery in this Dis- 
trict, it would be said, " 'l'here are only a few thou- 
sand slaves here; that is a small matter; are you 
going to disturb this great Union just for the sake 
of a few thousand slaves?" 
It is said, however 
by some persons, that we are to submit until rev- 
olution is more tolerable than the acts of which 
we complain. That was not the policy of our 
revolutionary fathers. Nobody supposes that 
the tca tax or the stamp tax was an oppressive 
measure in itself. They saw, however, that if' 
they were submitted to, in time oppression would 
be practiced; and they wrisely resisted at the start, 
Now, sir, 
1 take It for granted that Lincoln 
would resort to no overt acts in the first instance. 
cannot conceive that he would have the folly to 
do so. I presume he would be conservative in 
his declarations, and I should attach just as much 
weight to them as I would to the soothing words 
and manner of a rnan who wanted to mount a 
wild horse, and who would not, until he was 
safely in the saddle, apply whip or spur. 
it for granted, when he comes in, 
he will 
things as quiet as he can make. thern at first. 
presume the policy of the party would be to en- 
deavor to divide the South. They complain that 
Abolition documents are not circulated there. 
They wish to have an opportunity, by circulatin.(" 
such things as Helper's book, of arrayintr thö 
non-slaveholders and • poor men {gainst the 
wcallhy. I have no doubt that would be their 
leading policy, and they would be very qniet 
about it. They x,vant to get up that sort of" free 
debate" which has been put into practice in Texas, 
according to the Senator fronn New York, for lie 
is reported to have said in one of his speeches 
in the Northwest, alluding to recent disturbauces, 
to burnilvs and poisonings there, that Texas 'ö•as 
excited by " free. debate." 
NV ell, sir, a Sena t,or 
frorn 'l"cxas told mc the other day that a good 
Inany of those debaters were hangino• up by the 
trees in that country. I llavc no doubt, also, they 
would run off slaves faster frolll Illc border Staaes, 
and perhaps oblige the slave owners to send l.hetn 
down further South, so as to make some of those 
I f a States free States; and then, when the South svas 
State of the Union secedes, and becomes a foreign divided to some extent, the overt acts would 
State, it cannot be touched, 'The most offensive 
form of coercion which could be adopted would 
be that of levying tribute. 
1 have no doubt that 
most of the Governments of Europe would re- i 
lease their dependencies from the on them 
for protection and for postal facilities, &c., if they I 
would just pay the Government all the money 
might think proper to exact. 
I do not know, sir, 
whether I am civen to understand from the mes- 
sage that there is a purpose to continue the col- i 
lection of duties in any contingency; but if that I 
be the policy, I have no doubt some collision i 
1 deprecate it; and hope there will 
may occur. 
bc none. If therc is to be a separation either of 
come, and x,ve should have, perhaps, a hard strug- 
gle to escape destruction. 
Tl'hcrefore, I maintain that our true policy is to 
meet this issue in limine; and hope it will be 
done. 
If we can maintain our personal safety, 
let us hold on to the present Government; if not, 
we must take care of ourselves at all hazards. 
think this is the feeling that prevails in North 
Carolina, I havc spoken of there being two partics 
there, but may say to you, Mr. President, that 
that party which is for immediate action is gaul- 
ing strength rapidly. I do not believe there has 
been a meeting yet held in the State where [herc 
was a collision of opinion, that ultra resolutions 
I have not been adopted. This feeling is not con- 
