6 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 4 
referring the bill be reconsidered. Thus the matter 
will bc fairly before the House. The President's 
messa«e can then be read, If this proposition be 
not satisfactory, Ict the bill takc its course. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 ask that the 21st joint 
rule be read. 
The SPEAKER. The question is, shall t"he 
first rotiding• of the bill be postponed ? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. GROW. Is it understood that the bill 
shall be published in thc Globe to-morrow—the 
whole of it? 
General assent was expressed by the House. 
TIIF, PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE. 
The annual message of the President of the 
[11 will be 
United States was read by the Clerk 
published in the Appendix.] 
IMP. SHERMAN. 1 submit the 
tion that thc President's •message be referred to 
the Comnfittce of thc Wholc on the state of the 
Union, and ordered to be printed; also, that the 
usual nunnber of extra copies, twenty thousand, 
be printed. The latter clause will, as a maltcrof 
course, have to ('0 to [hc Committec on Printincy 
As I suppose there is no desire to debate the 
messacre to-day, I will call tho previous question 
by the general desire of the House. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. 
Mr. BOTELER. 1 hope the gentleman will 
withdraw the call for the previous question. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 had proposed 
to an amendinent to the motion of the gen- 
but I perceive that my friend 
tlerntl[l fron) Ohio, 
frcnn Virginia [Mr. BOTELER] wishes the floor, 
and I I-n•cstunc hc rises for the sarnc object as that 
which I have in view. I will, therefbre, waive 
my right to the floor foe .hn-n. 
Mr'. BO'I'ELF,R. obliged to the 
I have arisen simply 
gentleman fi•om Ne w York. 
to offer al'l amend Inel'il which will, I trust. , mect 
with the approbation of the House, and on which 
t previous question. 
NIr. SIIERN:IAIN. I tncjved the previous ques- 
be very glad to withdraw it so 
tion; but I shall 
as to bear the which the gentleman 
desires offer. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. the 
fron) Virginia has no viol) t to 
his amend- 
so, wanl t.o have the question settled 
now. 
Mr. BOTELER. 
I u Ilderstood the gentlcnnan 
the chairrnan of t-I)C Committec of 
from Oh io, 
Ways and Meat'i.s, to withdraw his calk fbr the 
previous question . 
Mr. SHERMAN. To avoid all trouble, 1 
withdraw it. 
Mr. BOTELER. Then 1 offer 
as an aunendknent, and call the previous question 
'I'hat so of' the Ptosident's Ilies•sntre as 
Resolved , 
present periious condition the country, bc 
relates to the 
rctu•rcd to a special connnittee one fro')) cach State, with 
leave to report at any tilne,. 
IVIr. McCLERNAND. With the 
of my friend fron'i Virginia, would like to Inovc 
nn an') cr)drncnt to his fid rnent, if it shali rneet 
If not, I will withdraw it. 
his approbation . 
It. will be read for 
in finnna- 
The SPEAKER. 
Mr. MCCLERNAND'S amendment was read, as 
follows: 
Rcsolve,d, That so 'nuch of the President's annual Ines- 
saue as relates to rnatters of grievance between the slave- 
holding and uon-slaveholdillg States; ta the proposal, I 
Congress. of amendenents to t.hC Constitu{ion of the United 
States, 'Or the ratilicatiou of the several states; and to the 
question of State secession Cronk the Federal Union—be re- 
ferrcd to a select ccnnrnitteo. to consist onc froin 
each State, to bc apl')0iuted by the Speaker. And tl:at said 
coinrnittee be instructed to inquft•e into, and report by bill, 
or by proposinqv an antcndliicut or am e.udntent.s to the Con- 
stitution of the United Statc 
s, or otherxvise. upon said sub- 
jcets. And particu!arly, whether any further legislation, 
or an anicnd:nent of the Constitution, is necessary to give 
certain, and full effect t.o the iast clause ot• the sec,- 
otiti section of the fourth articlc of the Constitution, con- 
cerning the return of fueritives froin scrvicc or labor. 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman 
Virginia [M r. BOTELER] accept the amendment? 
Mr. EOTELER. 1 very much that 1 
cannot. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 will not press it. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 the gentleman from 
Virginia will allow Ine to au an-tendrnent, and 
if he will accept it, I will vole for his motion with 
'l'hc plan of nominating a com- 
great pleasure. 
mittee of one from each State has never bcc.n There was no objection. 
I offer it as 
adopted in the House. The better course would 
be to provide for thc appointment of a special 
committee of fifteen, or thirty, or any other num- 
ber that may be desired. 
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 submit a question of order 
It is con- 
on the amendment of my colleague. 
trary to the rules of the House to give leave to a 
committee to report at any time; it can only be 
It is not 
done under a suspension of the rules. 
in order, under thc rules of the House, to offer a 
proposition to confer upon a committee the right 
It is a violation of the 
to report at any time. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point 
of order is well taken. If objection be made, the 
Chair thinks the motion cannot bc entertained in 
its prcsent shape. 
Mr. BOCOCK. well, 1 object. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 hope gentle- 
man frorn Virginia will waive that objection. 
Mr. I suppose the gen tleman 
from Virginia [MP. BOTELER] can aeconnpiish his 
object by omitting that part of his resolution, if 
gcntletncn ovcu• thc way do not want the commit- 
tec to have pov,ror to report at any time. 
Mr. BOTELER. The substance of it is all 
I have no objection to rnodify the mo- 
1 desire. 
The SPEAKER. Docs thc gentleman from 
Virginia [Mr. BococKl insist on the objection? 
BOCOCK. 1 withdraw it. 
Mr. CURRY. 1 renew objection. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 rise to a of order. 
I understood the gentleman from Virsxinia [Mr. 
BococK] to withdraw his objection to the propo- 
Am• I richt? 
sition of his colleague. 
SPEAKER. Yes, sir. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 renew objection. 
The SPEAKER. It has already 
by the gentlemal'l from Alabama, [Mr. CURRY.] I 
Mr. BOTELER. Then 1 insist upon my mo- 
tion, as originally submitted. 
'l'he SPEAKER. The Chair understands the 
from Virginia to modify his proposi- 
Lion by omitting that part of it wlfich authorizes 
the con*i n') ittce report at an V 
Mr. BOTELER. No, sir;" 1 no modifi- 
Mr. MORRIS, •of Illinois. 
additional resolution. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
Resolvcd by the House Of Rcprcscntütiecs, That we 
unalterably and irnmovably attached to the Union of 
an 
are 
thc 
States; that we recoønize in that union the primarv cause 
of our present and prosperity as a nation ; t 
we have yet seen nothing, cither in the election of Abra- 
ham Lincoln to the Presidency of the United States or 
fro:n any other source, to justity its dissolution ; and that 
we pled"e to each other our lives, our iOrtunes, and our 
sacred honors" to maintain it. 
Mr. JONES. 1 object to that. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I ask for a vote on 
the resolution. 
Mr. JONES. 1 object to it. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Then 1 will not 
insist on it. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 appeal to the gentleman 
from Virginia to permit me to offcr an amendment 
providing that the committee men shall be selected 
loy the delegation of each State. 
Several MEMBERS. Oh, no; that is not in order. 
Mr. BOTELER. 1 would be glad to have my 
amendment read as it now stands. 
The Clerk read tho amendment, as follows: 
That so much of the President's message as relates to 
the present perilous condition of the country be referred 
to a special cojnrnittee of onc from cach Stape. 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 would suggest to gen- 
tleman from Virginia that instead of the expres- 
the prescnt peril- 
Sion used in the amendment, 
ous condition of the country," he specify by 
incorporating the proposition of the 
from Illinois, [IVIr. McC,LF.RNAND,] in order Ihat 
the country as well as the House may understand 
specifically what is referred to the committcp 
Mr. BOTELER. 1 have already declined to 
accept that proposition, desiring to make the 
amcndmcnl as simple as possible. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE demanded the yeas 
and l')ays on atrreein& to Mr. BOTELER'S amend- 
nient. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
'i'ho question was taken; and it was decided in 
the affirmative—yeas 145, nays 38; as follows: 
Charles F. Ad•atns, Green Adatns, 
of ordcr if I do not do so, I vct•y cheerfüåly mod- 
ifv it by those words. 
The SPEAKER. The amendment being thus 
modified, the question now is upon seconding thc 
dernand for thc previous question. 
N.lr. SHERMAN. 1 hope tbc gentleman from 
Virginia will allox.v a vote to be taken on the 
atucndment which I su«gestcd. I will simply 
offer it, and then let the House decide as to the 
mode in which the committee shall be or(ranized. 
N.'l.r. BOTELER. T herc is nothing in In y res 
elution indicating howr the conunittec shall be 
I especially avoided that. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 'l'hc rules of the I-louse 
require the commit.tecs to be appointed by the 
Slieakcr, unless otherwise ordered. 
Mr. IMcCLERNAND. This is 
mittee. 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 the gentleman from 
Ohio is mistaken. The Speaker has no authority 
to appoint committees unless the authority is first 
: (liven to him by the House. 
The SPEAKER. The ruleon the subject 
be read. 
It is the 67th rule. 
rl'he Clerk read the rule, as follows: 
67. Ail connnittees shall be appointed by the Speaker, 
unless 0!.herwisc specially directed by the nouse. in which 
case they shall he bv and if. 
upon suell 
: ballot, tile number required slialh not be elected by a Pila- 
i i jority of the votes given, the Housc shall proceed to a sec- 
ond ballot, in which a plurality of votes shall prevail ; all(l 
ill casc a greater nulliber than is requircd to or 
coin plete a connnittee shall have an equal number of vote 
i the House shall proceed to a further ballot baklot.,•." 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I appeal to the 
gentleman frorn Virffinia to allow me to c,iFer an 
amendment to his resolution. 
If, after it is read, 
he objects to it, I will not insist upon it. 
that it be read for infor1nati0i1. 
The SPEAKER. will be if there is no 
ii objection. 
at all. 
Adrain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, L. Anderson, 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman modify I C. Ave,y, Babbitt, Barret, Bocock, 
it, or It cannot be entertained. Does ho so mod- Boteler, Bouligny, 
Brayton, Briggs, Bristow, 
Branch, 
ify it as to omil that part of it which says that 
Horace F. 
Brown, Ihn•ch, Burnett, Can) pbeil, Carter, 
Clark, John B. Clark, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colih.x. Conk- 
Mr. BOTELER. Inasmuch as it bc out G.bavis, Reuben Davis, De Jarnette, Delano, Duel], Dunn, 
Edmundson, Eliot, Ely, English, Etheridge, Ferry, Flor- 
cnce, Foster, Fouke, Frank, French, Gilnier, Goocli, Gra- 
ham, Gurley, Hale, Hal], I-lardernan, J. Morrison narris, 
John Marris, Haskin, 
Hatton, 
Hchnick, Hill, 
Hoard, 
Hohnan, Houston, William I-Ioward, I-lugl;cs, Hutnphrcy, 
Jenkins, Junkin, VVilliam Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, 
ingor, Kunkel, I,arrabee, James M. Leach, Leake, 
Longneckcr, Love, Maclay, Charles l). Martin, Elbert S. 
Martin, Maynard, MeCIernand, McKenty, McPherson, 
Millson, Laban Moorc, Moorhead, Morrill. Edward Joy 
Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Noel}, 
l'ahnet, Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Pryor, 
Quarles, John IL Reynolds, Rice, Rigos, Christopher Rob- 
iuson, .1mnes C. Robinson, Royce, Rust, Sickies, Williani 
Sinitl), William N. H. Smith, Smnes, Spaulding, Spinner, 
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Willitun Stewart, stokes, 
Stout, Stratton, Thayer, 'I"hcaker, Thornas, rrt•itn- 
ble, Vallandighanl, Vance, Vandever, Verree, Walton, ls- 
Washburn, Webster, Whiteley, Wind0En, Winslow, 
h"ood, and VVoodrufl1—145. 
NAYS—Messrs. A*hlev. Beale, Bingha,n, Blair, Blake, 
Buflinton, Burlingame, Iiurnhazn, Carev, Case, Edgerton, 
Fenton, Grow, Hickman. Willimn A. Howard, Hutchins, 
Francis W. Kellogg, 
1)eWiLt C. Leach, 
Loomis, Lovejoy, McKean, McKnight. Perry, Pot- 
t.e.r, Pottlc, Sedgwick, Shcrnlan, Stanton, Stevens, 
pan, "I'01npkins, Wade, Cadwalador C. YVashburn. Ellihu 
B. Washburne, and 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
Pending the vote, 
Mr. Y NARD stated that his colleague, Mr. 
BRABSON, was detained at home bccausc of an 
accident. which happened to him son'!e days; 
Mr. VALLANI)IGAM (when his was 
called) said: M_r. Speaker, because the. pronoosi- 
lion is an K' expedient 
I will vote for it. 
ever inadcquatc it may be, 
I am wdling, in limes 
like these, that gentlemen rnay try this and 
other expedients för what they are worth, trusting 
that smnething may yet be done to avert the inp 
dangers. 
Mr. BURCH stated that his colleague, N•'lr. 
'l SCOTT, 'Was confined to his rocnn by indisposition; 
I otherwise hc Nvould be present, in the I-louse 
Mr. TAPPAN said: Mr. Speaker, 
