1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
of her equal- • ! suspend the law; and the law imperatively requires 
deprive the State which repres 
rights with the othcr States of this an estimate and a report. from the cormnittee. 
I would have 
I would not submit. to it. 
to, and L would ask 
which v.re are entitled 
hat that I would have, and every Stutc 
no 
of this U nion is entitled to it, and ought to and 
Mr. President, I sent for, and have now in my 
-hand, the let',er of the distineaishcd Senator from 
-Wisconsiil to which I have alluded, and for fear 
did_ not, c•note it correctly, L read his letter. 
a docuunc•ilt, but just in keeping 
With the pone,inlcs which Mr. Lincoln was if 
elected. I-le says: 
RACINE, November 16, 1860. 
Y Esq., Corrcsp01Ldiug Sccrctary: 
: business en«an-ellkent, beyond in y 
. r,te prevent Ine joining the Re- 
power to p,) •t 
publicans or Aliftvaukec this evening, iu ' rejoicing over 
iatc\y obtained "by the Itcpub\ican 
victory 
establishing two things, 
ft is indeed, great. ; 
at least. : 
L. 'l'hat slavery shall not be extended into the Territo- 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then there is 
motion before the Senate. 
Mr. FITCH. My motion wag adopted yester- 
day, as I understood, to print the usual number. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. do not want. any mis- 
undcrstandinrr. I arose and moved to- print the 
usual nurnber. I afterwards heard the gentleman 
say something about extra numbers, and under- 
stood him to make a motion to print them. The 
only motion I made v..ras to print the usual num- 
ber of the message. 
TheVlCE PRÄCSIDENT. The 
the usual number was first made by the Senator 
from Norih Carolina. The Senator from Indiana 
aaerwards made a succpestion in recrard to extra 
numbers. 
Mr. FITCH. I did not understand, did not 
hear, indeed, the motion of theSenator fronl North 
Carolina; but understood thc Presiding Offcer to 
say that motion must be referred to the Commit- 
tee op Printing, m,vhen that committee should be 
ries, by any tneans however bold, nor under any contriv- 
neither by act of Congress, by 
border invasion, by judicial decrees, nor by tcrrito_ constituted; and I therefore supposed the motion 
was for an extra number, and sought to correct 
riat codes ; but that t,Lefrce I'errit,ories acquiyed or to 
be acquired Diecico, Creat Britain, Shau remain it. by having the usual number printed, which 
II 
could bc ordered, by general consent, without ref- 
free. And, 
" 0. 'Chat lhc u)ajority, and not the lhi!lority, by their 
If that was the motion of thc Senator, 
erence. 
votes, constitutional} y 
[Jnfi.cd states, and that it is first prin- i I my motion need not go upon the Journal. None 
President 
but the usual number could be printed without a 
ciple in IM..;pue.ar sovercWnty that the niinority• 
reference; and it wras the motion of the Senator 
. if they svill, but they i!lust ac 
must aeqtu 
ant of all constitutional laws en- 
quicsce in the enforcelr:• 
from North Carolina w luch was adopted, and not 
acted the, countrv. and fur the whole country. 
my own; and really my motion should not be 
We have not purchased Florida to protect our entrance 
matter of record. 
into [lic G ult• of Mexico. nor Louisiana to contro\ the out- 
let oi the vaHey, nor annexed 'Ilexas. and dc- 
il The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
tended her a«ainstfilexico at the expense of iOrty thousand 
New Hampshire is entitled to the floor. 
lives. and $100.000.UOU, to suffcr them now to pass under a 
Mr. HALE. I was going to say a few words 
[t cannot. bo done. Mr. 
Lincoln will bc illaucuraccd President of all the United in relation to the message, butl do not know,' that 
States, and Illust take charge of all our forei"n relations." 
I shall say them now, that being out of the way; 
for I understand there is no motion before the 
Now, here is the modest part of this letter: 
i•Vhen the pasion and mierepresentation o? the hour Senate. 
of south, have as The VICE PRESIDENT. None. 
are passed ; 
i.xccpt from its ; I 
yet rcE used to hear v; bat Republ icani 
Mr. HALE. Then, for the purpose of 
froin what it really is, and 
the very few words that I mean to say—and i do 
of and of bind anew not intend to say much—I move to reconsider the 
to the ican U Elion, and lead t.h?ln f.() a peaceful acqui- 
vote by which the usual number of the messare 
escence in Mr. Liucotn:s acirnirustration. 
was ordered to be printed. I voted in the affirm- 
J. R. DOOLITTLE." 
ative on that question. That being before the 
Mr. President, it is not the election of Mr. Lin- 
Senate, I take occasion to say that I was very 
coln that is troubling thc country, as I said be- 
much in hopes when the messamc was presented 
fore, but that he is regarded as a dan(rcrous man; 
that heentevtains views and opinions as expressed that it would be a document which would com- 
mend itself cordially to somebody. I was not so 
by himself, which are dangerous to the peac.p 
sancrujne about its pleasing nvyself, but I was in 
I 
safety, und prosperity of fifteen States of this Con- 
federacy. It is because he has been supported 
and elected by a party holding the views of' the 
Senator to whorn I have just Feferred. Mr. Lin- 
coln himself, if he were not in the hands of,such 
a party, would not be objectionablc, nor would 
he if he had no views, or had expressed none; 
but hc has had views; he is an " irrepressible-con- 
he holds the siave States and free 
flict" man; 
I apprehend the re- 
States can 1101 live toffether. 
that they will not live together. 
sult wiii be, 
'T he is to print the messame. 
very i:-nportant State paper, and i approve a very 
considerable portion of it. rllhere are many points 
in it that. I like; and before it goes out to the coun- 
try, I have thought it proper to say this much on 
the subiect. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is ready 
for the question on the motion of the Senator frorn 
hopes that it would be one thing or another. 
was in hopes that the Presidentx,vould have looked 
in the face the crisis in which he says the coun- 
try IS, and that his messaøe would be. either one 
thing or another. But, sir, I have read it some- 
what carefully; I listened to it as it was read at 
the desk; and, if I understand it—and I think I 
do—it is this: South Carolina has just cause för 
seceding from the Union; that is the first prop- 
osition. T ho second is, that she has no right to 
The third is, that we havc no right to 
secede. 
prevent her from seceding. That is the Presi- 
been uttered through _the constituted forms of the 
ballot-box; or it loöks to open war-. We Meed- 
It means war, @nd, 
not shut .our eyes to the fact. 
it means else;_ and the State which has 
pnt herself .in the attitude of secession so looks 
upon it. She has asked no counsel, she has con* 
sidered it as a settled question, and she lias armed 
herself. As understand the aspcvt-of affairs,.it 
looks to that, and it looks to notifiiig e*ce.pt 
unconditional submission on the pai't. of the 
jority. I did not read t.hé paper—I do nat _i•éa-d 
many papersZbut 1 understand that there was 
remedy suggested in a paper printed, thi'hlc in 
i this city, and it was that the President and 
Presidentelectshouid be inauguratéd, (that•would 
be a great concession ! ) and then, being inaugu- 
rated, they should quietly resign! Well, sir, I 
am not entirely certain that that would settle the 
question. 
I think that after the President and 
Vice President elect should have resigned, .tlieré 
would be as much difhculty in settling Who -was 
to take their places as there was _in settling- it 
before. 
I do not wish, sir, to say a word that shall in- 
crease any irritation; that shall add any feeling 
of bitterness to the state. of things which teal,ly 
exists in the country, and I would bea•r and föi•• 
bear before I would say anything whichtwould 
add to this bitterness; but I tell you, sir, the 
plain, true way is to look this thing in tbc face— 
sec where wc are. And I avow here—I do not 
know whether or not I shall be sustained by those 
who usually act with me—if the issue which is 
presented is that thc constitutional will of (he 
public opinion of this country, expressed through 
the forms of the Constitution, will not be sub- 
mitted to, and war is the alternativc, let it corne 
in any form or in any shape. The Union is dis- 
solved and it cannot be held together as •a Union, 
if that is the alternative upon which wc go into 
an election. If it is preannounced and determined 
that the voice of the majority expressed through 
I the rc«u.ar and constituted fÖrms of the Consti- 
I tution, will not be submitted to, then; sir, this is 
not a Union of equals; it is a Union ofa dictato- 
rial oligarchy Oh thc one side, and a herd of 
slaves and cowards on the other. That is it, sir; 
nothing morc; nothing iess. 
If this discussion is proceeded Avah, I shall take 
occasion, by the indulgence of the Senate, once 
more to address myself to that phasc of this con- 
, trovusy which is so constantly, so persevering, y, 
so continuously held up—that the nort.bcn•n States 
of the Union are the ao•cre.ssors in producing this 
unhappy state of things. The northern States of 
this Union are the aggressors in one sense; we 
have a set of presses and a set of politicians among 
us traitorous to the public voice and the public 
interests, ministerinff to a diseased appetite, that 
lend their energies to the dissemination of asper- 
sions and slanders upon the people among whom 
they kive and upon whom they feed; and I very 
I much fear that our fricnds upon the Other side 
have listened too much to their aspersions of their 
fellow-citizens, rather than to their own convic- 
tions of what the truth is. I desire, if this dis- 
dent's message, substantially. He goes on tc rep- 
resent this as a grcat and powerful country, and l! cussion proceeds, to show up what I conceive to 
that no Stat-c has a right 10 secede it; but be the true character of this position of things, so 
the power of tbc country, if understand the Pres- far as relates to the alleged aggressions of thc 
ident, consists in what Dickens makes the English 1101thern States; but I do not pretend to speak 
for the northern States; have no right to do so; 
constitution to be—a power to do nothing at all. 
I they (lid not send Ine here; I was not elected by 
Now, sir, i think it was incumbent on thc Pres- 
I only here to speak for 
If there be no objection, the Chair will 
ident of the United States to point out definitely the northern States; 
Indiana ? 
onc; and let me say, sir, that I have no fear, not 
and recommend to Congress some rule of action, 
it requires unanimous consc 
put the motion. 
the sli"htcst, no doubt, not the lüinutest, let. the 
Mr. WIGFALL. What is the motion? 
and to tell us what he recommended us to do. 
result. of this unhappy controversy bc what it 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will 
But, in my judgment, he has entirely avoided it. 
i! Hc has failed to look the thing in the face. He may; let it bc settled in any form it may; drenched 
read it. 
II in blood, if it may—I have no feat, no doubt, that 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
has acted like the ostrich, which hides her head, 
the nunlbcr of extra copies of the annual message of and thereby thinks to escape danger. Sir, the only that little State which I have the honor in part 
the Presidcut of the United States as was printed of the way to escape danger is to look it in the face. 
think the country did expect from the President before posterity; I do not care so much about 
annual Iness•aeye at the fast session. 
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. Fi'1NCE1 rose. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator 
Ne•.v yield ? 
IMr. Yes, SII•. 
M r, Ff.'ihCü. I merely desire to say that what 
moved 
has 110 v, been read was not rny 
i?Lt. usual number be printed; and, by general 
the Senate, the motion was adopted. 
consent. 
tl'h•e Geno tc cannot, atl extra number with- 
thc Cornmittec on Printino•. 
that—but will stand acquit before the tribunal of* 
some exposition of a decided policy; and I con- 
fess that, for one, was rather indifferent as to the civilized world; will stand acquit before the 
acquit 
verdict o{Christcndom of to-day; will 
what that policy was that he recon•xmended; but 
nd independent of 
I hoped that it would be something; that would before the a 
be decisive. He has uttcrlv failed in that respect. the of to-day. I have no suxc_.li distrust of 
1 think we might as well look this matter right tho position that, State occupies, that I wish t 
clearly in the face; and I am not "()ing to be long appeal froin the present to the futurc. No, sn•. 
I think that this state of affairs say that the State which I havc the honor in par-t 
about doino• it. 
to represent here, upon the Constitu!ion, upon the, 
looks to onc of two things: it looks to absolute 
not on the nart of our southern record, and upon the t.i•ut.h of s•iva'd 
subnussion , 
to-day and forever fully acquit of évery 
friends and the southern States, but of the North, 
—it looks to that can be brought acrainst her of lookii)0 
not simply a rule of to the abandonment of their position 
the Senale, which can bc suspended. We cannot a surrender ofthat popular sentiment which has h infraction on her part of the Constitution, or 
