10 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 5, 
of its provisions, be they onerous or otherwise. 
Let me say further, sir, that if there are gentle- 
men who look to the settlement of this contro- 
versy by further concessions from the North, 1 
think they miscalculate and mistake. I believe 
the diffculty has been that we have conceded too 
much; we have compromised too much; and we 
havc got to that position of things that whenever 
any fault is found, the ever remedy to 
the minds of patriots and statesmen, is still further 
concessions from the North. 
I agree—I have 
said it here, I have said it to own people at 
home, I am willing to repeat it here—I agree that 
under the Constitution of the United States you 
are entitled to demand and to have an honest and 
a fair discharge of that obligation which is im- 
posed on all the States in regard to the rendition 
of fugitive slaves; and I am willing, perfectly 
willing, that there shall be an honest, fair, and 
faithful performance of that pledge. 
I listened to the Senator from North Carolina 
yesterday, and agreed in very much that he 
said—more in what he said as general truths than 
in the particular application that he wished to 
make ; but I can tell that honorable Senator, if 
he will sum up every case of iniury, of suffering, 
of aggression by the whole of the free States upon 
thc -ricrht that they have to recapture fugitivc 
slaves, and put it down in its darkest colors; 
draw the ilna€rc as hideous as truth, and fancy 
can make it; when the sum is all told, I can show 
him upon thc rights (jf citizens of the 
fi•ce Sates—upon the constitutional ricrht which 
is conferred on the citizens of cach State in every 
State—I can show cases of aggression against 
that right that will infinitely outweigh and out.- 
number everything that can bc brought in the 
way of aggression- by the free States upon the 
ricrhts of the South in regard to the recapture of 
their slaves. 
Sir, we are trvincr an experiment, 
I believe 
its causis. 
I have nc.vcr been of tllat 
w c are 
n tilY)ber W' ho have bccn disposed to sy tnpathizc 
with -ith of Julv orators, W' ho 'have been in tho 
habit, far the last half or throe quarters of a cen- 
tury, of glorifying this cot.uotry and tellino what. 
great. things sho- had done. 
I havc uniformly 
said, when I have had occasion to address the 
put.)lic on the subject, W c have d0i)C 
wc arc but nt the beginning of a great. experi- 
ment.." We tailc of our Republic! Why, sir, it 
hus I'10t yet outlived the acres of the soldiers who 
fought its battles and won its victories; blit yct 
wc arc boasting of our victory. Sir, I think Rome 
existed as a Republic for six hundred years, and 
t.l'ley might well l.)oast o? something that they had 
done ; but that Republic passed away. We have 
not yet survived the lifOtime of the men who 
fought. the battles of liberty, or of the patriots 
and sagc.s who forrned our Constitution of gov- 
ernrncnt. What we have obtained, wc havc ob- 
tained by a great effort and a great price. It was 
n 01 thc lucre pricc of the American Revolution; 
iL was not thc 
nit) re price of the patriot blood that 
was shed, or of thc [jati•iot counsels that formed 
thc Constitution; bat away back, centuries upon 
c.(..'.nturies in Eno•lish history, v] hero. power and 
princ i contended 
against each o thor wit.h al- 
ternate success and defeat—in all those centuries 
t.bcre had been going on thc contest which is cul- 
m inatincr in our experiment here; and no patriot 
blood that was poured out on the battle-fields in 
the civil wars of England has been insignificant 
in relation to this coriflic,t. 
Now sir, 
i IRE ve said nearly all that I propose 
to say, unless I a provoked by and by to say 
Inore, which i hope I shall not be; but, sir, I will 
add this: we shall prcscnt a Rü(jst humiliating 
spectacle to the world it, at this time, when by the 
acknowledgment of the President of tbc United 
Slates the of I-leaven have descended 
upon this people in ail the charmels of their efforts 
business to an unexampled degree; 
and their 
thc bounties of Heaven hnvt• been showered 
down upon us with nicreard hand; at a time, 
too, when, by the confession of a Senator from 
Georgia, not no 11 is seat, [Mr. 'l'00MBs,] rnadc 
last year on the floor of' the Senate—I cannot quote 
but I can his sentiment—thi 
General' Government Ivas faithfully perfornnng 
a I i it.s f'\lhctions n I relation to the slave States, and 
in relati01'1 to every State, 
never noore faithlfully 
p time; l, say, iC such 
iTüifiStances, With a faithful Government, and, 1 
will add, a subservient judiciary) with the bless- 
ings of Providence coming down upon us as they 
are, if at such a time this Confederacy should 
burst, this glorious fraternity of States be dissev- 
ered, and we try, by the doubtful- contingencies 
of-separate State action, to carry out the great ox- 
periment of human liberty, we shall present a 
most humiliating spebtacle. Why, sir, the very 
day, the very hour, that i•ve are-coming to such a 
result, and thus developing our experiment, the 
States ofltaly, that for centuries have gone th rough 
the baptism of fire and blood, groaning beneath 
the iron heel of despotism, one under this, and 
another under that, are throwing off the yoke and 
uniting together—a say that, at such a time, when 
the classic States of Italy, taught by the bitter ex- 
pericnce of centuries, are seeking, by a consolida- 
ted constitutional government, to como together 
and unite their enercries for liberty, for independ- 
encc, and for progress, if we, untaught by all thc 
past, reckless of the prcscnt, and blind to the 
future, should madly dash ourselves upon th is dark 
ocean, whose shores no cyc of prophecy or of faith 
can discevn, we shall present a sad spectacle to 
the world. Sir, 1 do not know what is to bc the 
fatnre•, but I do hope that, if we cannot settle this 
difficulty in thc spirit in which it ought to bc set- 
tled, we shall at least have thc courage and the 
manhood to look it straight in the face, and un- 
derstand what it is. 
I know nothing, sir, about thc policy of the 
incoming Administration. 
I have never passed 
a word, by mouth or bv letter, with the Presi- 
dent elect silice ho has been nominated for the 
high offco to which the people have clectcd him. 
It has bccn my fortune, since I ha€c had a seat 
upon this floor, to find myself uniformly, con- 
stantly, and perseveringly, in the opposition to the 
am far from certain that I 
Administration. 
havc not got to take the same position in regard 
to the )coming Administration—very far. Ono 
s certain: if that Administration shall quail 
in tt:c performance of its duty, if its head shall 
hesitate, as M r Buchanan has done, to look the 
thing clearly in the face, mod mark out a policy 
con sist_ent with and patriotism , he certainly 
will not find mc among the number of his sup- 
porters. 
Mr. BROWN. I am not going, sir, to enter 
into debate; for, standing hcrc as the representa- 
tivc of Mississippi, who has her own 
attitude, and will, in her own way and in her own 
good time, vindicate her position, silence, I fecl, 
best becomes mc; but the Senator from Newr 
Hampshire, as I understand him, presents the 
issue on the other side, which we are expected to 
mcet. 
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me a 
single momont? 
Mr. BROWN. Certainly, sir. 
Mr. HALE. 'Ehe Scnator says I prcscnt the 
issue of thc other side. Let me. say this, to put 
that Senator right, and cvcrybodv else who takes 
an interest in '•,vha't so humblc an individual as I 
zun has said. What I have said, I have said of my- 
self, without any consultation with any human 
I do not know that it is any more am•ec- • 
I able to my friends on this side than it is to those 
on thc other. 
I have spoken for myself and a 
very small State away down East, and only for 
hal f of her. 
Mr. BR(hVN. I am chiefly concerned to as- 
certain, Mr. President, whether I understand thc 
issue presented by tbc Senator as he desires to 
have it understood. As I comprehended him, he 
prc.sentcd this issue: that the South must submit 
to the election of Abraham Lincoln, with all the 
consequences flowing from that election, or war 
is inevitable. Did I understand the Senator cor- 
rectly ? Docs he, even speaking for himself, pre- 
sent the issue to us in that form, that we must 
submit to the election of Abraham Lincoln, and 
whatever may lcgitimately flow from it, or war 
is to be thc consequence? I understand the Scn- 
ator to present the issue in that form. 
Mr. HALE. Does the Senator want an an- 
swec nosv? 
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir; it now. 
• Mr. HALE. well, Mr. President, 1 think 
yon and everybody else who did rne the honor 
to listen to will bear une witness that _f ut- 
I onlv spoke of what I 
tered 110 threats at all. 
suj-jposed would be the iuevitable consequence. 
A President has been elected in the förms of the ' 
Constitution. The Senator will indulge me a 
mÖment while I am up. The Senator from North 
Carolina says that only a rmnority of the votes 
of the people elected him. T. hat is the truth; but 
a minority of the votes elected Jtunes Buchanan; 
a minority of the voles elected Jarnes K. Polk, 
at-)d did hear on these occasions any objec- 
tion made on that account, because it was a con- 
stitutional majority. They were elected in the 
form which the people prescribed in the Consti- 
tution, and so has Mr. Lincoln been. Now, 
what I have said, is this: the majority must yield, 
or the minority; we cannot all prevail on every 
issue. The majority have elected the President. 
The South refuse to submit. I do not say they 
do, but I am putting that alternative. 
refuse to submit, I say that, in my humble judg- 
ment, war will be the consequence. 1 do not say 
it shall, or it must, but I say I believe it will, 
and that it will naturally follow, and cannot be 
avoided. 
Mr. BROV„TN. we then, sir, understand each 
other substantially alike. Now, where is this 
war to cornc from? Does the Senator, or do those 
who sympathize with him, suppose that South 
Carolina and Georgia and Alabama and Mis- 
sissippi and Florida and Texas, w}i0, it is sup- 
posed , sympatllize with South Carolina in all her 
present movements, and mean for good or for evil 
fortune to go with her—does the Senator supnose 
that they arc going to make war upon the North? 
If he does, let me say to him, onco for all, that 
he is most egrecriously mistaken. All we ask is 
that we be allowed to depart. in peace. Do you 
mean to say that that is not to be allowed us, 
that we shall neither have peace in thc Union, nor 
bo allowed the poor boon of seeking it out of the 
Union? If that be your.attitude, war is inevita- 
ble. We as every American citizen not 
bhnded by passion and by prejudice must fee], that 
in this transaction 'vve have been deeply aggrieved; 
that the accumulating wrongs of years have finally 
culm ii')atcd in v our triumph—not the triumph of 
Abraharn Lincoln, not your individual triumph— 
but in the triumph of principles, to submit to 
which would be the deepest degradation that a free 
people ever submitted to. cannot. Calmly, 
quietly, with all the dignity which I can summon, 
I say to you, we will not submit to it. MT e invite 
we expect none, and hope for none. "We 
no war; 
sayin the languaøe which once used to tbc Sen- 
ator from New York not now in his scat, [Mr. 
SEWARD,] "Lct there be no strife, pray thee, 
between me and tbee, and between in y herdmen 
and thy herdmen, for we be brethren. If thou wilt 
take the left hand, then f will go to the right; or 
if thou depart to the riffht hand, then I will go t.o 
the left." All we ask is to be allowed to depart 
in peace. Submit we will not; and if, because we 
will not submit to your domination, you choose 
to make war upon us, let God defend the right. 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 do not rise, Mr. President, 
for the purpose of enterinff at any length into this 
discussion, or to defend the President's message, 
which has been attacked by the Senator from 
New Hampshire. 
I am not the mouth-piece of 
the President, 'M/ hile I do not agree with some 
portions of 1 he, inessago, and sorne of the posi- 
hich have been taken by the President, I 
don perceive all the inconsistencies in that doc- 
urn nt which the Senator from New Hampshire 
thought proper to present. 
h 
It is true, that the President denies the consti- 
tutional right of a State to secede from the Union; 
while, at the same time, he also states that. this 
• Federal Governnlent has no cmostitutional right 
to enforce or to coerce a State back into the Union 
which may take upon itself the responsibility of 
secession. do not see any inconsistency in that. 
The President may be riffht. when he asserts the 
fact that no Statc has a constitutional riol)t to 
secede from the Union. 
I do not myself place 
the right ofa State to secede ft•orn the Union upon 
constitutional grounds. 
I admit that the Con- 
stitution has not granted that power to a State. 
It is exceedingly doubtful even whether tho right 
has been reserved. Certainly it has not been re- 
servetL in express terms. I therefore (10 not place 
the expected action of any of the southern States, 
in the present contingency, upon the constitu- 
tional right of secession; and I am not. prepared 
to dispute, therefore, the position which the Pres- 
ident has taken upon that point,. 
I rather a"ree with the President Illat the scce.-g• 
