12 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 5, 
Power. 
Hungary, with only eight million, was 
conqucrcd by Austria, but it required the aid of 
thc colossal power of Russia. Even then she 
would not I'l[tve been conquered but the treach- 
ery of onc of her own sons. IVIexico- was con- 
qucred by the United States; but Mexico is a 
féeble nation, and her councils were distracted and 
her energies weakened by divisions among hcr 
people. -But, sir, 
the fifteen slave States, or even 
the five of them now moving, banded togethcrin 
one Government, and united as they are soon to 
be, would defy the world in arms, much less the 
northern States of this Confödcracy. Fighting 
on our own,soil, in defense of our own sacred 
riglils and honor, we could not be conquered even 
by the combined förces of all the other States; and 
sagacious, sensible men, in thc northern Statcs, 
would understand that too well to make the effort. 
Besides, what would they gain ifthcy conquered 
us? MT ould it be a Union worth preserving which 
is maintained by force? No, sir. Like the Pres- 
ident of the United States, sensible man, 110 
patriot, no onc who is guided by proper counsels, 
will ever urge lhc policy of making war to bring 
back seccding States at the point of the bayonet 
into the Union. 
I do a p any war. 
But if' the northern St,ates, or the -Federal Gov- 
cmnnent controlled by the counsels of (hc north- 
crn States, shall 
attetnpt to coerce us, lhcn war 
will come; and like the Senator New Hamp- 
shire, if ho wants war, I say here to-day we are 
ready for it. »we intend to prepare for war. •WV e 
do not belicve that war will ensue, but we are 
determined to prepare for it. A wise man will 
al ways prepare any danger or contingency that. 
unay arise; and we are preparing for it, wilt 
be prepared when tbc t.imc ccnncs. We will fi«rlll 
{'or liberties, our rio•bts, and our honor; and 
are not a ii2eblQ racc of Mexicans, cither. 
do not believe ".vc shall 
have any treachery as 
had in her war wit.h Austria and Rus- 
sin. I believe we shall have a united people. 
, as we shall be, in intercst, and ill all that, 
•.vc hold dear, 
we do not dread war, except so 
terrible conseq uences which al ways 
as the 
follow armed collisions. NV e know how much 
distress it brin«rs. 
lh.it, sir, 
apprehend that when we go out and 
our con federacy—as I think (11)d hopc we 
Shail do very shortly—the northern States, or the 
Federal Governtnent, will see its true 
policy to 
be to let as in peace and make treaties of com- 
Inerce and atnily with us, frotu which they will 
derive more advantages than from any attempt to 
coerce us. They cannot succeed in cocrciilff us. 
If they allow us to förm our Government without 
difficulty, we shall IJC very willing to look upon 
then-I as a favored and give thcm all the 
advanta«res of commercial and amicablc treaties. 
I have doubt but that both of us—certainly 
the southern States—would live bolter, rnorc 
pily, prosperously, and with greater f'riend- 
live now in this Union. 
Ihan we 
Sir, the 
fåct as you will, there is an 
cnnlity tbc northern and southern people 
enduring, and Y'ou never can 
—never! Look at the spectacle ex- 
hibitcd on this floor. 
is it? Tl'he.re are the 
Republican nortl'lcrn Senators upon that side. 
I-Icrc are the southern Senators on this side. How 
social intercourse is there between us? You 
sit upon you L' side, silent and gloomy ; we sit* 
upon ours with knit brows and portentous scoxvis. 
I observed that there was not a soli- 
tary on that Sidc of thc Chamber came over 
here even to extend the civilities and courtesies 
nor did any of us go over there. 
are two hostile bodies on this floor; and it is but 
they ought to separate; and these two sections— 
the North and South—manifesting, as they have 
done and do now, and prÖbably évm• witl mani- 
fest, feelings of hostility, separated as they arc 
in interests and objects, my own opinion is they 
can. never live in peace; and the sooner thcy sen- 
arate tho better. 
Sir, these sentiments I have thrown out crudely 
I confess, and upon the spur of the occasion. 
should not have opened mouth, but that the 
Senator from New Hampshire seemed to show 
a spirit of bravado, as if he intended to alarm 
and scare the Southern States into a retreat from 
their movements. He says that war is to come, 
and you had better take care, therefore. That is 
thc purport of his languacre•, of course those are 
not his but 1 understand him very welt, 
and everybody else, I apprehend, understands him 
that war is threatened, and therefore the South 
had better look out. Sir, I do not believe there 
will be any war; but if war is to come, let it 
cmne. We will 
meet the Senator from New 
Hampshire and all the mynnidons of Abolition- 
ism and Black Republicanism everywhere, upon 
our own soil; and in 
the of a distin- 
gui.shcd member from Ohio in relation to the 
Mexican war, will " welcome you with bloody 
hands to hospitable graves.' 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, on the motiou 
to print. the ordinary number of copies of th€ 
Presi(lcrn's message made ycstcrday, was pre- 
pared 10 allow it to pass in silence, both as a cour- 
tesy to the Exccutivc and as a (locument necessary 
to the pcrföPinance of the ordinary duties of' the 
Senate. 
'I'he proposition no\v bctöre the Senate 
to print an extra numbcrof copies, carries with it 
at leasi mark of approval on the part of 
those who sanction it. 
It is to print extra copies 
for distribution of son•aething considered so valu- 
able to the public that v.,'e should incar the ex- 
Mr. HALE. Senator 
allow nno to 
correct hitn in a Inatte" of ('act ? 
I Ic is mistaken 
in the clyu•aelcr of the before Lho Seeat.e. 
U p 01) 
question of order, 
that. was withdrawn, 
and after It was withdra ',vn, l, havino• 
oor, and given way, li'lade a proJörnz,a 
to reconsider the orderino• thc nwnssacre to 
cnvil)'.r no t.icc at {hc sanu_' t,åne that. I 
only rnade it for th(_: of submittino• some 
rctnarks; and I now withdra sv tho Inot.ion. 
VICE PRESIDENT. 
Tllhe ID otion can 
only bc withdrawn by the consent of the Senate. 
Mr. I)AVIS. On that question, of course, I 
will make no remarks directly to the mes.stve. 
I 
think it is proper to print the Inessaae, whether it 
be (Mood, bad, or indifferent; 
and therefore, in rc- 
I lation to the character of the message, I sha,ll 
no remarks upon {he to print the 
ordinary number of copies. 
I will, hosvcver, take 
this oce.t-k.s1Qn to say that, as a Senator of' the 
United Stales, I an-I. 
here to perform In y functions 
that before a declaration of war is Inacl:_ 
as ; 
ao•ainst the State of which I atu a citizen, I 
pect to bc out, of the Chamber; 
that when that 
declaration of war is nut(le, the Slate of I 
atn a citizen will be found readv and quito willinåT 
to Ineet it. While here, asc 
bassadors of sovereign States, at least under 
ii)rnl.s 01' friendship, 
held 1.0 trc•Lhcr by an alli• tice 
as closc as It is possiblc for sovereign Stat to 
stand to each other, threats from one to the )thcr 
scorn to be wholly inappropriate; and th •efore 
I shall makc no fu rmnarks. 
Xlu•. WIGFALL. Mr. President, 1 p moose, 
as the debate has been opened upon this question, 
not to give my views in e,ttcnso, but very briefly 
to comrncnt upon some Inatters that, have fallen 
that exists betwccn the two I from Seriators on both sides of this Chamber. 
a type of the feeling 
I regret very much the character of the messacre 
which we have now under discussion; not upon 
the ground that thc Senator from New 
shire predicates his objections—that it is neicher 
I one thing nor the other; but for the, to me, more 
satisfactory reason that it is both one thing and 
It is diffcult for men who have no 
the other. 
well-defined ideas upon subjects which they un- 
dertake to discuss, to discuss them so that they 
can correctly be understood. In this country, 
within a few years past, there has been shed a 
flood of light upon the form of government under 
which x,ve are living, which those who came from 
another generation, and belong to another age, 
fear, have not imbibed. There arc antediluvians, 
and then there are sorne who did nol live before 
the flood; but I suppose they might be called post- 
diluvians, probably paulo-postdiluvians—a very 
short time after it, and they seem not to have pro- 
gressed . 
Now, sn•, it is ahistorical fact that the journals 
of the convention, for some reason or other, were 
a scalcd book until about 1820. discussed— 
I Incan those who went beforc us—the Constitu- 
tion without the light which x.vas necessary to 
o•ive mcanino• to its different clauses. Subse- 
f quenl.ly to Lhat Lime the Constitution has been 
bcltcr urkdcrstood, because the iournals of the 
convention have been published. T hc contro- 
versy in 1832 threw a flood of li«rht upon this 
question; alid 'in 1852, the Democratic party at 
Baltimore adopted tho Kentucky and Virginia 
resolutions, with Mr. Madison 's report, as their 
text and creed. No man who professes to be- 
lieve thosc doctrines can deny the sovereicrnty of 
the States. No man who to believe 
those doctrines can deny that the Constitution is 
a coililjact between Slates. No u'll(_) adli)ils 
that that Constitution is a compact, as it is called 
in the second Kentucky resolution, 
under the 
stylo and title of the Constitution of the United 
States, to which each S[nte has acceded as a State, 
can deny that the States arc the judges in thc last 
resort of' the meaning of that compact ; 
Inan who admits that the Constitution is a eon-1- 
pact betwccn States, to which cach State acceded 
as a State, can deny the riffht. to secede, 
any State sees fit. To talk of seccssion, there- 
beino• a revolutionary right, is to use terms 
fore, 
xvith a looseness and want o, s\gnification, a want 
of accuracy, that renders discussion upon such a 
question utterly impossil)le between n')en use 
these with definite mcanings and those who 
use them vaguely. 
Now, sir, if you admit that the individuals who 
live between the two oceans, and between the 
Gulf and the lakes, do not cornposc a single po- 
litical community, that they are not a State, but 
that those individuals who live within these lim- 
its are States, separate, distinct, political commu- 
nit,ies, that they have ratified a conu:yact. which is 
bå)dino• between them, then at once you introduce 
thc law of nations as the rule for construing that 
When political communities, when 
nations, when States, enter into compacts with 
cach other, the cftbct is to bind all their citizens. 
VVhen the State of Texas ratified the Coynstitution 
of the United States, it was a rnatter of not the 
sligh test impor,ancc whether I or any other citizen 
of that State approved or disapproved of tho rati- 
fication. W c w crc bound by it. Eo instanti the 
laws of the United States became within 
the limits of that State, and we were bound to obey 
those laws. Why? Because the political power 
of the Stat.e of r Iloxas had ratified that Constitu 
tion•, because she had become one of the States 
of the Union; and because, by the sixth article 
of tho Constitution, 
that Constitution and thc 
. laws made. in accordance with it were the su- 
sections. We are enenues as much as if •wc wcrc 
i believe that the northern people 
hostilc States. 
hale the South w' orse than ever the Ell"lish peo- 
hate:.l I?ranee•, and I can tell my brethren over 
is no love lost upon the part of 
the South. 
[n this state of feeling, divided as we are by 
Interest, DY a Icai Icchno•, DY everythiwr 
tl',at Inalccs peo [Ile separate and distinct, 
ask why Ive snould in the sarne 
we have lived in 
peace; we are 
not no w- li 
It is not expected or 
I shall ever læve in peace. 
trn:c is that c ven 
inan and wile 
find 
that they must quarrel, and cannot live in peace, 
arn induced particularly to do so ili conscqucnce preme law of Cho land. -When rrcxas, in her 
of what has fallen from the Senator fron-k Geor- sovereio•n capacioy, when the political power 
cria. I-Ie and I do not txnderst.and the Constitu- 
which Inade this compact shall revoke the ratifi- 
tion in tho same way; and he and I do 110t look cation, the laws of the United States cease there 
at the great issues that are now' oending, and to operate, and t hc citizens of recxas cease to owe 
w illch are soon to he precipitated upon the coun- 
anv o bed jence to tho 
laws of the United States. 
If I believed W •h y? Because the laws of the United States 
try, from the same stand point. 
that the act of secession was one of revolution, 
it svas one in d ii•ect. conflict with the Consti 
tution of the United States t.hat sworn to 
should hesitate much before I would alter 
such son liments as I aru in the habit of utterino• 
and before would ad vise sucil action as i an'l in 
the habit Df 
o —l mean to Lhose who ask , i 
rnv opuuons. 
extend over the liniits of the United States, and 
she navuno• ceased to be one of the States of this 
of course the operation and eff7:ct of those 
laws stop at 
Limits. Ei'hese are p!aijl prop- 
osit-tons which who call then•jsclves Den10- 
crats Y)rofess, and those who are Democrats be- 
hove. 
T lien, to talk of secessi0il Leili0' a revolutionary 
