1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
19 
right, is, in my- opinion—well, I will not use an The Senator from Georgia, in speaking of the 
epi le —it is not logical; it is usiiV the tern-I in States that were goincr to resume the powers 
a sense in which it can never be used lawyers. which had becn delegated, alluded to my own 
Has a State the right to withdraw MI-it hout i i State. I have no apprehension, sir, that the dacr- 
cause? Has a State the rieht to withdraw with crer of a Brntxts will relieve ns from xvhathe regards 
I think that that 
cause? I say that it is a matter of not the s}iffbtest as an incubus upon that State. 
neop!e are not in the habit of committiw acts of 
consequence whether there be cause or not. Each 
Slate must act herself, and upon her own assassination. XiVhen they shed blood, it is in a fair I 
responsibility; and the on! y thing in the •sue.ssage fight. It. be that those people will bc driven 
it mav be that if their Legislature 
to revolution. 
of the President which he says cannot be done, 
is the only thing that I believe can be done by is not called, they will meet in primary asseinbly, 
and of their own accord appoint delegates to a 
this Governtnent when a State has withdrawn, 
cmnvcntion•, and when they have done that, it 
and that is, to declare war. By the Constitution 
Of the United States the Federal Government has II will be för States which they offer to confederate 
the right to declare war. W c can to-day declare i i with to docide whether they have a defacto gov- 
war against or acrainst any of the great 
European There is no cause for declar- 
war; but suppose we declare it : war exists; 
letters of marque and reprisal can be issued; their 
commerce can be cut up; thcir towns can be 
burned, and their forts bombarded. can 
prevent it? There is the question. Suppose that 
Great Britain and the United States put each a 
different. construction upon one of their treaties: 
the right or the wroog• docs not alter tbc fact. 
The United States Govermnent can this day 
revoke the ratification of any treaty between her 
If she does revoke the ratifi- 
and Great Britain. 
cati0Y) of that treaty, that treaty ceases to be bind- 
ing between the United States and Great Britain, 
and o very citizen of the United States is released 
from any obligation to obey any single stipula- 
without 
tion or artic!c in that treaty. It' we, 
CtlUSO, were to-dav to revoke a treaty between 
this country a*ld Enolaild, or any other Power, 
there is no court in England, or any other Power 
with whom we had revoked that treaty, that 
would not hold at once that -every citizen of the 
United Slates was released from any obligation 
'l'he treaty became binding 
to obey. Why. 
between the two countries because the political 
ower of each country had ratified it and made it 
Cinding between them. 
It became binding upon 
every citizen because it was binding between the 
two people. When the treaty is revoked, then 
it ceases, of course, to be bintiii)ff between the 
It ceases to be binding upon the in- 
two people. 
dividual citizens of each country. 
the treaty being revoked, what is 
Now, then, 
If it is done in bad faith; if it is 
the remedy ? 
done without sufficient cause, the only certain 
result will be political infamy. The nation that 
breaks its treaties without cause is disgraced in 
the eyes of civilized man. War may result; but 
(he treaty nevertheless would be dissolved, and 
the citizens released from ali obligati011 to obey 
It. When, then, one of these States revokes the 
treaty, as it is called in our plattornl—bccause 
the second Kentucky resolution says that it is a 
compact under the style and title of a Constitu- 
tion for the United States, to which each Stat.e 
accedec, as a State, and a compact between na- 
then, one of these Stales 
tions is a 
shall revoke that treaty, rescune all the powers 
which she had delegated to the Federal Govern- 
ment, and vest them in her own State rrovernment, 
tion of law, out of the Union; her citizens cease 
to owe obedience to the laws of the United States; 
and she is, to all intents and purposes, a foreicrn 
Tl'his Governinent can declarc war if it 
Power. 
sees fit, because it has the war-making power. 
arises, sho Ild it declare war 
The qucslion, tbcn, 
he breast of each 
The answer must bo found in 
man who is authorized toa the powers 
of this Government. 
out cause, to withdraw; that this Goverzunent 
I say, 
can, with or without cause, declare war. 
when a State has withdrawn she is out of the 
crnment or not. A government de jure cannot be 
I so formed, I know. But that violence will be 
offered to any individual, I do not believe; nor 
I do I bclicvc that the Governor of that State will 
long persist in refusing to allow the people them- 
selves to be heard, and to declare whether they 
desire to remain confederated with aboh- 
tion States. 
Now, this matter of war has been talked of this 
I have no threats to make. T hc fact 
morni2)ff. 
is, like Sempronius, my thoughts are turned on 
I do not think one. of these cotton States, 
peace. 
or even one of the tobacco States, withdrawing 
from this Union will be any cause of war. If it 
is, or is not, this Government can declare war; 
and I judge that the gentlemen upon the other 
side of the-Chambcr hardiy suppose that we will 
be stopped in our course by any apprehension 
think not. Surely 
that war will be the result. 
we do not expect to make war on them. We in- 
i tcnd to assert only that great principle which is 
set forth in a document for which they have such 
i high admiration—I Incan the Declaration of Inde- 
i pendence—that every people have a right to live 
under such form of government as suits them. If 
this Government docs not suit us, we wilk leave 
it. When we leave it, we will not leave it as r,'i)- 
els, nor as traitors, nor irregularlv. But the State 
governments will call the people will 
be heard; they will vote; arid unless a large Ina- 
jority of the people of each one of these States are 
in favor of resuming the powers, they will not be 
rcsu:ned. When a large number of' the people of 
any one of these States shall conclude that they 
will live more happily or more prosperously under 
another government, they will assert that right 
by reforming their constitution, and erecting an- 
I other Government upon the ruins of the one which'l 
they have destroyed. 
I regretted much to see in the tnessage the doc- 
trine set fort.ll that a State had not the right, con- 
stilutionally, to secedc, and the further error fallen 
into by the President, that this doctrine was one 
I hold in my hand, sir, Elliot's 
I of late or;" in. 
! Debates, in which the ratifications of the differ- 
ent States are printed; and it seems that when 
—there 
New York came to ratify the Constitution 
beino• very great doubt as to the. expediency of 
a corifederation sach as was proposed by 
this Constitution, and there being bitter hostility 
on tho part of many, there being I-nan y doubts as 
to how the new Government, would operate 
people of New York, by their deputies assembled 
in convention, in the verv articles of ratification, 
declat•cd explicitly, in these words: 
'I'hat the, powers ot- Government knay be reassmned by 
whensoever it shali beernne necessarv to their 
the pcopiü, 
; that every power. jurisdiction, alid right, which 
i* not by thc said Constttution ciear:y delegated to the 
i C•onzress of the (_h!ited States, or the departments of the 
_ . or to their respective State "overnments, tö 
they Inay have uranted the same; and that th(Fe clauses 
; in the said (Donst.itulion, which declare that Congress shall 
I Corv„rress is entitled to any pox.vers not given by said 
but sach clauses are to bc construed either 
Con>titution ; 
to certain specified powers, or as inserted 
Union, and her citizens cease to owe obediel)c.e to as exception.* 
—Elliot's Dcöates on Federat 
Inerel.v for greater caution." 
the laws of this Governrnent•, and when this Gov- 
Constitution; _L7S7. vol. I, p. 361. 
err) menthasdeciared war, with or without reason, 
Now, I ask any Senator upon either side of 
that war exists, and all citizens found fiffhtino• 
this floor what is the plain rule of construing con- 
under tho banneh' of the State to which they owc 
If a partnership is about to be elitered 
their allecyiancc must be treated as prisoners of tracts? 
into by individuals, and they refer it to an attor- 
war, if taken in battle; those who are found in 
the ranks of the wikl be treated as traitors, ney, is to drav„r up the articles of agrecnnent„ 
and executed bv the authorities of the States which I and when t.hev coure 10 it, and after it has 
i been sue nod bv some. one of t.he parties inserts 
they l) ave tl"cutorously taken up against. 
his sko•nature an additional qnalification, 
r itlwse are in v views upon the subject, and us I above 
the President been vaoue,as he has expressed I there court of justice in a civilized nation that 
opinions upon loot,ll sides, I felt it necessary to will not. hold that that new stipulation is as much 
a part of the. compact as if it had been inserted in 
say thus znuch upon that subject. 
the body' of it? Doésit not inure tow-thebe•nefit 
of the party who hag insertedzit?- "lg 'it hot: 
of the compact' which- hé: hag s'igned? "Does-it-not 
inure to the•benefi-t. of every othetparty- ivho •has 
signed that compact? It is a princiéle Of 
law, Thenswhen thisConstitut10h was dnughted 
by the convention, the delegates oP dépütieS 
which were appointed by the different States, and 
they sent it to be ratified 'by the' convent.iöi•ié Of 
the different States to becOiue 
those States, the convention of New York ;bOfore 
they would ratify it, in- the very articles Of ratifi• 
cation declared explicitly and expreSs-1y that}théY 
reserved to themselves tlie right-to -reaSsumethé 
powers therein delegated whenevér:it should: bé 
necessary to- théii•- happiness. Then I say that}, 
accm•ding to the law of' nations, each One of: these 
States ha-s a right tosecede, and the right would 
be a perfect one without any rescrvation, eithei• 
the ratifications or in the Constitutidh itself. Blit 
1 00 further: GI say that though this right was com• 
plete and perfect in itself; yet wheh••• Ney 
came to ratify she made that-explicit about •which 
a quibble might have been raised betWee1! 
yers; and that- New York having iféderved--t,o, 
herSelf •the right@ 'reassume' the- powers lthere-ih% 
delegated whenever: it, became necessary to 
happiness, that bécame a -perföct constitutional 
right on the part of New York, and it became 
also a perfect constitutional right on the pait"öf 
every other State which, either previously of 
subsequently to that time, became a party to the 
compact. 
Now, entertaining the Views that do, it is not 
at all necessary for to go into any explanation 
as to why. it is that the State of Texas inteilds to 
dissolve her connection With the other States. 
heard this morning a letter read which was writ- 
ten by one of the northwestern Senators—I do not 
know which—wherein hc talked about htiving 
bou•ht us ar)d ownincr us. Well', sir, when we 
get out of the Union, suppose that the guaran- 
tee clause for the delivery of those to w-bon•) other 
persons have claim will hardly apply; but-if that 
Senator should suppose that It does, I truSV that . 
from service and labor on behalf'of those to whom 
it is duc; I trust that he may be sent down asthe 
commissioner.. This sort of talking can produce 
no good. The poopie of Florida are purchased, 
the people of Louisiana are purchased, the people 
of rrexas are purchased, and we are not to be per- 
mit.ted to live under such a government as we sce 
fit! Do they propose to irritate us still more? It 
I feel that 
can produce no such effect upon me. 
perfect inexplicable stillness which a man always 
does when he feels that he is perfectly secure. It 
is only when you insult or wrong a man, and 
refuse him satisfaction, that he feels irritation-. 
When you have offered to give him satisfaction; 
the hatred passes from his heart, and he looks to 
the time when he is to balance the. account ond 
settleit up. Now, sir, if I doubted us to Nhether the 
people of the State in v,rhich I live would submit 
to black Republican rule or not, I might feel •some 
degree of irritation; but. knowing, ag I do, that, I-as 
soon as those people can get into convention—and 
the difference ofa '•,veek or a month is but little— 
they wil_l revoke the ratification of' the Constitu- 
tion, and again assume their position of separate 
nationality, and govern themselves by such laws 
as they see fit; knowing and feeling that, I am not 
at au disturbed by the presence of these Senators 
upon the other side, or by any idle vaporings that 
they nqay indulge in. All this will come about 
in good t.ime. State after State will go out of the 
Union. When you have a working majority, you 
can declare war against us if you see fit; if you 
do not, probably a new treaty will be entered into 
between the high contracting parties—one of peace 
and amitv, when we have revoked that of com- 
mon defense and general welfare. We choose, at 
least so far as I am concerned, to give no reason 
for this high soverei•n act. We are the judges; 
and when we choose to revoke the ratification 
of this Constitution, we will dc -it; and if you 
choose to déclau•e war, wo shall not object. '1' he 
right is perfect on both sides; and each W' ill ex- 
ere-ise its own discretion as to the cxpediency 
of the act. 
S'Vhile I do not intend to go into any •recapitu- 
lation of the wrongs that we have suffered the 
dangers that we are about to incur by Submitting 
