THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 5, 
single proposition of the Senator from New Hamp- 
shire; which is, that we arc attempting to reverse 
the rule that a majority should govern. Now, 
sir, I admit that a constitutional majority has a 
right to govern; and I would never have thought 
of resisting the inauguration of any President who 
was elected by a constitutional majority. know 
that there is much truth, there is much philosophy 
in Dogberry's saying, 6' An two men ride of a 
horse, one must ride behind;" and if we proposed 
to remain in this Union we should undoubtedly 
submit to the inauguration of any man who was 
elected by a constitutional majority. We propose 
D0thin(T of that sort. MI e simply say that a man 
who is distasteful to us has been elected, and we 
choose to consider that as a sufficient «round for 
leaving the Union, and we intend to leave thc 
Union. Then, iC you desire it, bring us back. 
When you undertake that and have accomplished 
it, you may be like the man who purchascd the 
elephant—you may find it rather diffcult to decide 
what you will do with the animal. [Laughter.] 
I had intended, sir, to go somer•.vhat into detail 
in discussing thc pronositlons of the message; but 
shali forbear to do it. 'There no proposition 
now befbre us to print any additional nunabcrs; 
and in common courtesy to the executive de- 
partmcnt, suppose that we should let the ordi- 
nary number be published. There is one, mat- 
tcr in the message in reference, to which, at the 
proper time, I shall introduce a resolution in order 
to prevent any bad effects which may flow from 
it—I allude to the portion of the message in which 
the. President speaks of sent orders to the 
ofliccrs commanding the forts at Charleston to 
I wish to know the ex- 
stand on the defensive. 
tent of 'hose orders; und I wish to know that in 
order that we mav now provide for the evil which 
hc precipitate upon us. The people of South 
Carolina—aud I speak of thein sirnply because 
they have no Representative on this floor—are a 
law-abiding people. They are not in the habit of 
havino• mobs in that country. "I'hey propose to 
meet in convontion—that convention being callcd 
by the governynent of thc State; and I entertain 
no doubl that that convention will pass a solemn 
ordinance revokincr the 
ratification of the treat v 
which binds thC1ii to tl-:c other States. 
mean litnc, they, as n of course will not 
attempt to intcrlöre, by force or otherwise, with 
any Federal troops who Inay be within the limits 
of the State; but f say to Senators—and wish 
it had been said to the President of the United 
States-—that if, after that State has withdrawn 
from thc Union, and a sufficient time bas been 
given to this Governn'lcnt to withdraw its troops 
frotn those forts, this Governrnent shall authori- 
tativcly deny to that people the right of selflgov- 
cru and attcrnptto keep hostile armies within 
the borders of thal State , those forts will be ta ken , 
and blood will flow. The President, in his Ines- 
so cre says that there is no power on the javt of 
this Govmnnnent, to keep the Union by 
force; and yet, in the very same breath, 
hc says 
that he will c.o\lect the revenues in the port of' 
Charleston even after the Slate has seceded. At 
least, SD understand his message. I-Ic says that 
there can bc no conflict between the Federal ju- 
dicial power and the authorities or l.)eople of the 
Slate, hc has no judiciary thcrc. Is there 
to pt•evcnt him from appointing ajudgc ? 
anythiug• 
Is there anything to prevent him froth appointino• 
a rnarshal ? 
Mr. LANE. I. beg pardon of the Senator; but 
I think he is making a mistake in relation to the 
message; and I an-I sure he would not do injus- 
tice to the President. 
I do not understand the 
l)rcsident to say that he will collect duties after 
South Carolina shall secede. 
I only m,ention it 
that the Senator I-nay make the correction. 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 confess, sir, that 
understand it; and the morc 1 read it the less do I 
In one clause, the President 
comprehend it. 
says: 
In order to justify a resort to revolutionary resistance, 
the Federal Governinent *Dust be guilty of a 'deliberate, 
palpable, and dangerous c.xercise of powers not "ranted 
by the 
Reason, 
justice, a regard iOr the Constitution, all require that we 
shall svait sonne overt. and dangerous act on the part Of 
the President e}ee.t betOi•e resortintr to such a re.lnedy.'•' 
In another clause, after staling that the north- 
ern Legislatures have attempted to nullify the 
fugitive slave law, and have deföated its operation, 
and have con tinued this course, and that they 
should repeal these obnoxious laws, he continues 
by declarmg that, if they do nol— 
In that event, the injured States, after having first used 
all peaceful and constitutional Incans to obtain redress 
would be justified in revolutionary resistance to the Gov- 
ernmenc of the Union." 
Thus, in one clause he distinctly declares that, 
unless the Government of the Union itself shall 
commit some act of aggression, they have no 
cause for resisting its authority; and in the next, 
that if those States do not repeal their obnoxious 
laws, then resistance to the Government of the 
Union is to be the remedy. In another clause, 
hc says: 
In ordcr to justify scccssion as a constitutional remcdy, 
it must be on the principle that tho Federal Government is 
a mere voluntary association of States, to be dissolve(l at 
pleasurc by any one of' the contracting parties. If this be 
so, the Confederacy is a rope of sand, to be penetrated and 
dissolved by the first adverse wave of public opinion in any 
In this manner our thirty-three States may 
of the States. 
resolve themselves into as many petty, jarring, and hostilc 
Republics, each one retiring ('rmn thc Union; without re- 
sponsibility, whenever any sudden excitement might impel 
them to such a course. By this process a Union might be 
entirely broken into fragments in a few weeks, which cost 
our forefathers may years of toil, privation, and blood to 
establish." 
There it is distinctly denied that this is a vol- 
untary association of States; and yet, in another 
clause; he says: 
The fact is that our Union rests upon public opinion, 
and can nevcr be cemented by the blood of its citizens shod 
If it cannot live in the affections ofthc peo- 
in civil war. 
pie, it must one day perish. Congress possess many mcans 
of preserving ill by conciliation; but the sword was not 
placed in their hand to preserve it by force." 
I say, therefore, that I do not really compre- 
hend what the meaning of the President is; but 
on one subject I think I do, and that is as to col- 
lecting revenues. He says distinctly that when 
the judicial officers have all resigned, there is no 
possible mode of administering justice there. 
do not comprehend that, because think he could 
appoint other judges and other marshals, or could 
recommend Congress to make the State of South 
Carolina a part of the district of Georgia or of 
North Carolina; but he then goes on, and says: 
'l'hc saine insuperable obstacles do not lie in thc way 
law3 for the collection of the custorns. 
of executing the 
'The rcvcuue still continues to bc collectcd, as heretotöre, 
at ille custotn-house in Charleston ; and should the col- 
lector unfin•tunately resiøn, a successor may be appointed 
to perlöt•zn this duty." 
Whore the difficulty of appointincr a successor 
to the judge and not to the collector? Then he 
goes on: 
, in regard to the property of the United States in 
South Carolina. 'Phis has been purchased for a fair equiv- 
alent., ' by the consent of the Legislature of the State,' 
for the erection of törts, magazines, arsenals,' &c., and 
over these the, authority 'to exercise exclusive legisla- 
tion' has been expressly granted by the C•onstitution to 
It is not believed that any attempt will be made, 
Conwrcss. 
to expel the States from this property by ; but 
if in this I should prove to be mistakel}, the officer in con'l- 
nrand of the lias received orders to act strictly on the 
dct•ensivc. 
such a contingency, the responsibility for 
consequences would rightly rest upon the head of the 
assailants. 
I Chet), sir, rc•moving the brush from thc way 
as well as I can, and beating about throuo•h this 
labyrinth and trying to find out the views of the 
President, 
have come to the conclusion that 
ho believes it. is impossible to or«ranizc Federal 
courts in South Carolina, or enforce the decisions 
of judicial tribunals there; but that whether the 
State secedes or not, he has the power to collect 
the custouns there, and that he has the power to 
hotd thc forts, and that it is his purpose to do 
that thing. Now, as I have said, 
[ shall intro- 
duce a resolution at an early moment to ascer- 
tain what are the orders that have gone from 
the -war Department to the officers in command 
of those forts; for whilo the President seems de- 
sirous to preserve this Union, if the construction 
shall be put upon his messacye in South Carolina 
which I put on it, I believe that he witl precipi- 
tate the very issue which he seems intent to avoid, 
If this people shall come to the conclusion that 
this Government does intend ultimately to deny 
them the right of livino• under such a form of gov- 
ernnoent as they see fit; if they shall corne to the 
conclusion that this Government intends to Icecp 
them in tho Ul)ion by the power of the sword; if II 
they shall come to the conclusion that they are 
no longer freemen, that they cannot look to their 
State governn-lcant for protection, that they 
have no ineans of assorting tbc of self-o•ov- 
crnmcnt except that which belongs to their ne- 
groes or to the serfs of Russia; if they believe 
that this Govcrnment will hold those forts and 
collect revenues from them after they have ceased 
to be one of the States of this '(Tnion•, my judg- 
ment is, that the moment they become satisfied of 
that fact, they will take the forts, and blood will 
then begin to flow. 
It is, therefore, important that there should be 
a construction put upon this messaøe•, it is im- 
portal')t that it should be known what thc Presi- 
dent means; and if he intends to capry out 
policy, or this Congress intends to do 
that is made manitöst I, for onc, would urge 
Frederick the Great, on 
. forbearance no longer. 
one occasion, wheu ho had trumped up an old 
title to some of the adjacent territory, quietly put 
himself in possession and then offered to treat. 
Were I a South Carolinian, as I am a 'Rexan, 
and I knew that my State was going out of the 
Union, and that this Government would attempt 
to use force, I would, at the first moment that 
that fact became manifest, seize upon the forts 
and the arms and the munitions of '•,var, and raise 
the cry " to your tents, Oh Israel, and to thc God 
of battles be this issue." 
Mr. LANE. Ioniy desire to read that of 
the President's message in regard to which I in- 
I do not 
terrupted my good friend, from Texas. 
understand the President to say that he contc»m- 
plates collecting revenue in a foreicyn port, or in 
South Carolina after she shall have crone out of 
the Union. After enumerating the reasons why 
the laws of the United States cannot now be ex- 
ecuted in South Carolina, owing to the resiøna- 
tion of the officers, the President says; 
The same insuperable obstacles do not lic in the way 
of executing the laws for the collection of the custorns 
The revenue st.ill continues to be collected, as heretofore, 
at the custom-house in Charleston ; and should the col- 
lector unfortunately resinn, a successor rnay be appointed 
to perform this duty." 
I take it for granted 
That is, for the present. 
that the President does not hold that he. would 
have thc right to collect rcvcnue in a foreign port, 
or in a port of another country. But let this mat- 
ter be as it may, will say that the President. lias 
arrived at a logical, sensible, and correct conclu- 
Sion when he says therc is no power in this Gov- 
ernment that can authorize the use of force against 
a State. 
I do not understand him as the Senator 
does; but if he is wronff on other matters, on 
this great principle he is right. This Government 
has no power to hold a State in this Union bv 
force. No sensible man would undertakc to 1101k] 
it together in that way; and I will say now, sir, 
that that man who shall inauourate Civil war by 
undertaking to hold it together by force, will be 
the greatest murderer that ever disgraced the form 
of man, and will go down to his o rave covered 
with the curses of Heaven from his head to his 
heels, besides the curses of thousands of widows 
and orphans. No. man, I trust, will ever under- 
take in this country to use force towards a State; 
and all that the President has said on that sub- 
ject, I most heartily indorse. 
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 do not rise, Mr. Pres- 
ident, for the purpose of protracting this unne- 
cessary and most unfortunato debate; but I rise 
simply to sav the presence of the reoresent.a- 
tives of the different States, that my State havino• 
been the first to adopt the Constitution, will be 
the last to do any act or countenancc anv act cal- 
culated to lead to thc separation of tho States of 
this glorious Union. She has shared too n•nlch 
of its blessings; her people per,ormcd too nulch 
i service in achieving the glorious liberties which 
we novv• enjoy and establishing 
the Coji.stitu- 
lion under which we live, to cause any son of 
hers to raise his hand against those institutions 
. or affainst that Union. Sir, when 
that Union 
shall be destroyod by the Inadnc.•ss and folly of 
others, (if, unfortunately , it shali be so destroyed,) 
it wilt be time enough thcn for Delaware and her 
Representatives to say what will be her course. 
[Applause in tho galicl'ics•, which was suppressed 
by the Chair.] 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no 
objection, thc motion of •the Senator ft•ono iNe1.V 
I-lampsnirc to reconsider t.be vote by which 1 hc 
usual number of the President's message was or- 
dorcd to bo printed, Inay be withdrawn. 
HOMESTEAD BILL. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
