1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
16 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed a bill (H. R, No. 24) to se- 
cure hoxncsteads to actual settlers on the public 
domain, in which the concurrence of the Senate. 
was requested. 
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT. 
The message further an nounced that the House 
and forty-one minutes, the printing of the annual 
message of the President of the United States and 
accompanying docunoent.s. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the sen- 
ate a report of the Secretary of State, communi- 
catil)T, in obedience to law, the annual statement 
of the contingent expenses of that Department; 
which, on motion of Mr. BIGLER, was ordered to 
lie on the table. 
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate then 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
WEDNESDAY, December 5, 1860. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
bv the Chaplain, Rev. 'I'HOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
'YI'he Jou t•nal of yesterday was read and appro ved. 
NEW MEMBER. 
Hon. Emv1N R. REYNOLDS , of New York, elected 
to sum-ily the vacancy occasioned by the death of 
Hon. Silas M. Burroughs, appeared and took the 
usual oath of office to. support the Constitution of 
the United States. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House the annual report of the Secre- 
tarv of the "Ih•casury on the state of the finances, 
1859—60; which was referred to the Committee 
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed. 
Mr. SHERMAN submitted a resolution to 
. print the usual nunibcr of extra copies; which, 
under the rules, was referred to the Comtnittee 
on Printino•. 
The SPEAKER also laid before the I-louse a 
col)'nnu r} ication from the Secretary of the Interior, 
transmuting his 
annual statement of the expend- 
itures of his Department under the various appro- 
priations for contingent expenses, required by the 
act of A.ucust 26, 1842, to the close of the fiscal 
year Cliding June 30, 1860; which was laid upon 
the table, and ordered to be printed. 
APPROPRIATION BILLS. 
Mr. SHERMAN , from the Committee of Ways 
and Means, reported the foilow•ine appropriation 
bills; which were read a first and second time, 
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on 
the state of the Union : 
A bill rnakin(r appropriations for the payment 
of in valid and pensi.ons of the United States 
for the year ending 
the 30th of J line, 1862; and 
The SPEAKER. The question has been be- 
forc brought to the consideration of the Chair, 
and he overrules the point of order. The Chair 
; considers this a privileged question, and there- 
fore entitled to be consulered at this time.- The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentle- 
i man from Missouri [Mr. PHELPS] to lay upon 
the table the motion to reconsider the vote by 
which the bill was referred to the Committee of 
I the Whole on the state of the Union. We were 
proceeding with the reading of the bill yesterday 
x,vhcn we •were interrupted by the President's 
message. The bill will now be read. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
that the reading of the bill was waived with the 
understanding that it should appear in the Globe 
of this morning. 
Mr. GROW Let it be read, as it is not pub- 
lishcd in the Globe. 
The bill was then read. 
Mr. BRANCH. I would ask the Chair now 
to slate what the vote is which is to be recon- 
I sidercd. 
It has been along tilne since action was 
taken upon that bill. 
The SPEAKER. At the last session this bill 
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on 
the state of the Union, and a motion was entered 
to reconsider the vote by which it was so referred, 
but it was not acted on. The gentleman from 
Pennsylvania [Mr. GRowl now calls up that mo- 
tion, and the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. 
PHELPS] moves to lay the motion to reconsider 
upon the table. Upon that motion the yeas and 
nays have been ordered. 
IVir. PHELPS. If the motion to lay upon the 
table shall not prevail, and the motion to rccon- 
sider shall prevail, will not the first question be 
upon the engrossment and third reading of the bill? 
The SPEAKER. It will. 
Mr. PHELPS. Then let us carry the motion 
to lay upon the table. 
The question was then put; and it was decided 
in the negative—yeas 68, nays 125; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adtuns, Thomas L. Anderson, 
'VVilliam C'. Anderson,•• Avery, Barksdale, Bocock, Bote- 
Icr, Bouligny, Boyce, Branch, 
Bristow, Brown, Burnett, 
John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Reuben Davis, Dc Jarnctte, 
Edmundson, Etheridge, Garnett, Gartre]}, Giltner, Harde- 
man, J. Morrison Harris, Jonn T. Harris, Hatton, iiaw- 
kins, Hill, Houston, {lughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, 
Kunkel, Lamar, Landrum, James M. Leach, Leake, Love, 
Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, Måynard, McQueen, Millson, 
Laban Moore, Nelson, Noell, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, 
Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, Ruffn, Singleton, William Smith, 
VVillialJ1 N. H. Srnith, Stevenson, Jaines A. Stewart, 
'I'liomas, Underwood, Vance, -VVebster, 
Stokes, Taylor, 
Whiteley 
, and 
NAYS — Mesz.s. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Allen, 
Ailev, Ashley, Babbitt, Barret, Beale, Bingham, Blair, 
i Blake, Brayton, Briggs, Buffnton, Burch, Burnham, But- 
terfield, Cawnpbell, Carey, Carter, Case, .10hn Cochrane, 
Coltax, Conklinu, Corwin, Covode, Cox, James Crai" 
Curtis, .Tohn G. Davis, t)elano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Ed- 
wards, Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Fos- 
ter, Fouke, Frank, French, Goocb, Grow, Gurley, Hale, 
i Hall, Ilelmick, Hickman, Hoard, Holman, William How- 
ard, x,Vitifatn A. Howard. Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvine, 
I Junk-in. Francis IN". Kellogg. William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kil- 
A biil tnaking appropriations for the support Of gore, Killinger, C. Leach, Lee, Logan, 
The motion recurred upon thenotion:torecon. 
sider the vote by which was- féfél*r.ed 
I the Committee of -the Mhole on the; state Of. the 
i Union, upon which the previous question had 
been demanded. 
he previous question wag %'the 
main question ordered'to be frut. 
The motion to reconsider was,agrééd; to. 
The question recurring on the motion to fefer;thé 
bill to the Committ.ee of the Whole thé date 
of the Union, it was disagreed 
Mr. GROW. I do not propose to discusuhis 
bill , unless gentlemen ofthe Housedesir€to d iscüss 
it, for it' hus becn discussed lhere more less for 
the last ten years. I only desire to state thefacts 
in connection with the position of this bill; and 
its provisions, and then I will leave it to the Hou-sé 
if they desire to discuss it; or if not, I-shallmove 
to put it upon its passage. 
At the last session a bill Was agreed upon by. 
a committee of conference betweenz tlie_ -two 
Houses of Congress, called a- homestead bill". 
That bill the President vetoed. Contained-in that 
bill was a grant to the States Of the: Union ot au 
landå subject to private entry, an-dt undisposewof 
I for thirty years or more. One .poinp of' objection 
wi LIE the President was as to this 
that Congress had no constitutional spower 
give away the public lands.' I shall nit stop Ito 
discuss that question upon • this bill, for it con• 
i tains no such provision; but will only say that 
Congrcss has disposed of, in the shape of gifts to 
States , companies, and individuals, over one hun- 
dred and eighty million acres of the public lands, 
for which it received not one cent. That system 
I began with the beginning of this Government, 
and has been continued down to this hour. Sö 
I pass over that point of the President's veto, be- 
am free 
cause this bill contains no such grant. 
to say that I am not in favor of those grants rny- 
self. The point whether the Government has or 
has not the right to give away the public lands 
is not involved in this bill, for we do not propose 
to give them away. The bill rcquires a payment 
of tcn dollars for one hundred and sixty acres, 
So that point of the President's.veto would be ob- 
viated, admitting that it wcre sound doctrine; 
though upon that point we might place General 
Jackson against Mr. Buchanan as authority upon 
that question; for-he thought, in 1832, that it was 
time the Government ceased to look to those lands 
as a source of revenue, and that they should be set 
apart for homesteads. 
The other point of his veto, that it reduced the 
amount to a nominal sum, might possibly be. ap- 
piicable to this bill; but I take it for granted that 
that cannot control the action of CongresS. 
they can say that the price shall be onc dollar 
and a quarter per acre, they can also say that it 
shall be only t.wo cents per acre. This bill pro- 
poses to make the land offices self.sustaining, by 
providing for such an arnount of -payments as 
shall cover all the expenses of the land-office sys- 
tem. The words of the Constitution, " dispose 
thc *Military Academy for the year ending June Longneekef, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maclay, Marston, Charles I f," have for a long time been construed to be a 
I). Martin, AlcC}eruand, McKean, McKenty, McKnight, most ample grant of power, and as leaving to the 
hlePherson, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac 
I discretion of Congress what dispositio•n should 
110MF,STEAD BILL. 
Mr. GROW. first business this 
mornino• is a vote upon the Inotion of the gentle- 
man fronl Missouri IN'Tr. PHELPS] lay upon 
the table thc motion 
to reconsider the vote bv 
which the bill to secure to actual sct- 
tiers on the public donuuu vcas referred to the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of 
Union. 
The SPEAKER. That is the first business ill 
and upon that motion thc yeas and nays 
have been ordered. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 for the. 
read i;og• of the 21st joint rule, predicated upon a 
question of order upon the propositkon to take 
the hotneslead bill at this tinli'. 
read incr *'10 w-. 
r r he -21st. joint rule was read 
, as ionows: 
After 3ix days froin the eonuncneernen! a or 
subseq urn t. session of C' on o•ress, alt biiis. 
Yi'so\uuons. or 
ori2iaated in cither House. and wiiich, at 
repo ft.: h 
the 
n ed u : id e- 
preceding session. 
N. -Morris, Morse. Nixon. Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Porter, 
Potter. Pottie, Ed(vin R. Reynolds, Rice, Riggs, Christo- be made of the public lands. I shall not take up 
the time of thc House to discuss that point of the 
pher Robinson. Jmnes C. Robinson, Royce, Sedgwick, 
Shennan. Somes. Spaulding. Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, 
iViliiam Stewart. Stout. Stratton, 'I'appan. Thayer, Tomp- 
Is-ins. Tran ble, Valiandigham, Vandever, Vertee, 
nyade, (_•,adwalader C.IVasl)burn, Ellihu •B. "*Vash- 
Windom, VVood, and 
weHs, 
So the House refused to lay the motion to recon- 
sider upon the table. 
I)uring the vote, 
Mr. B'üRCH said: I voted to lay the motion 
to reconsider upon the table, for the reason that 
thought the hmnestc•ad bill vr•a.s pending upon a 
l,riviieged which could be called up at anv 
veto. 
I move to recommit the bill to the Committee 
on Agriculture; and I give way to any gentleman 
who desires to discuss it. 
I As no gentleman seems desirous to discuss it, 
I withdraw the motion to refer to the Committee 
on Agriculture, and call the previous question 
upon the engrossment and third reading of the 
bill. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
i main question ordered to bc put. 
rlthe bill was then ordered to be engrossed and 
ten:) in cither 1 Iou..o, 
if 
be rcsu:ned and acie d 
had not ta ken 
Mr. MAYNARD. point of is, 
the ho Inestead ea. nnot ine taken up in this in- 
direct for consideration during the first 
six days of the session. 
read a third time; and being it •was 
other time and that, •.vhile such the case, 
there were other iliÄportant which should accordingly read the third time. 
Mr. GROW. I move the previous question 
be brou2ht before the Elouse for its consideration i. 
on 'the passage of the bill. 
Rut, as reasons may be nus- 
before that biil. 
The previous question ',vas seconded, and the 
construed, I wil} chancre vote, and vote 
Mr. MOORL, of main question ordered. 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, demanded 
have voted in the affirmative, had he been within 
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill. 
the Hal} M' hen his natne vcas called. 
I i The yeas and nays were ordered. 
BONITA AM Inade a similar statement. 
*N.Ir, t ItHE:i'KER stated' that he vvas absent The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the affirmative—yeas 192, nays 76; asfOHOWs: 
when his nurne was called on account of indispo- 
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, •Adräin, Aldriéh, 
sition•, that, had he been present, he would have . 
Allen, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Barr, Ban•et, Bealé, Bing- 
voted in the 
