16 
hain, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs, Buffnton, Burch, Burn- 
ham, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, John 
Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Corwin, Covode, Cox, James 
Craia, Curtis, John G. Davis, Delano, Due}l, Dunn, Edger- 
ton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, 
French, Gooch, (kalian), Grow 
rosier, Fouke, Frank, 
Haskin, Heimick, Hickman, Hoard, 
Gurlcv, Hale, Hall, 
Hoh1iåu,Willimn HowardDVilliam A. Howard, Humphrey, 
Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, MI illiatn 
Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Killinger, Larrabee, DeWitt C. 
Leach, Lee, Logan, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Ma- 
clay, Marston, Chatles D. Martin, McClernand, McKean, 
McKenty, McKnight, McPherson, Moorhead, Morrill, Ed- 
ward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Niblack, Nixon, 
Pahnet, -Pendleton, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottlc, 
Edwin R. Reynolds, Riggs, Christopher Robinson, James 
C. Robinson, Royce, Sedgwick, Shernman, Smnes, Spauld- 
ing, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Wiliiatn Stewart, Stout, 
Stratton, 'l'appan, 'l'hayer, 'l'heaker, 'l'cnnpkins, rrrain, 
Trinü)le, Vallaudigbam, Vandcver, Verree,VVado, Walton, I 
Cadwaiadcr C. Washburn, Ellihu B. • Washburnc, Israel 
Washburn, Welts, Wilson, VVood, and Wood- 
ruff—132. 
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas L. Anderson, 
Barksdale, l',ocock, Bon- 
Willimn C. Anderson, Avery, 
ham, Boteler, Bouligny, Boyce, Branch, Bristow, Brown, 
Burnctt., John B-. Ciark, Clopton, Cobb, Crawford, Curry, 
Reuben Davis, De Jarne.tte, Edinundson. Ethertdge, Gar- 
nett, Garlrell, Gihner, J. Morrison HarFis. John 
Harris, liatton, I-lawkins, Hill, Ilouston, H u'Yhes,'Jaelc- 
son, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Kunkel, Lamar, 
J•mnes M. Loach, Leake, Love. Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, I 
Mavnard, McQueen, Miles, Nlilison, 
1, aball M oore, 
Syäcnhtun Moore, Nelson, Nocil, Peyton, Phclps, Pryor, 
Rust, Singleton, VVillimn 
Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, R.i.lßiu, 
Sinith, Williant N. II. SIDith, Stevenson, .kunes A. Stew- 
art, Stokes, 'I'aylor, 'Thomas, Underwood, Vance, Webster, 
Whiteley. VVinsiow, and Woodson—76. 
So the biil was passed. 
Mr. FRANK stated that he understood his 
colleague, M i'. VAN WVCK, was detained at home 
by th(; illness of his father. 
Mr. GROVV. Before making the motion that 
rise 1.0 luakc, I wish to state, for the informa- 
tion of gen who have asked mc, that at the 
last session of Congress a bilk passed this House 
and was to Senate, preventing the salc 
k.tnds ten years after they arc sur- 
of public 
veyed, I nmkc this statement because cyentlcmcn i 
have asked whether this bill has anything to 
do with that subject. 
I now I'll ove to reconsider 
the vote by which 
and also move to lay the 
the bill u•as passed ; 
motion to reconsider upon the table. 
TI)C question u•as talccn on the latter motion, 
and it was a (n•ecd to. 
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon thc 
table. 
POST ROUTE BILL 
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, when I-louse 
adjourned last June 
they were considering the 
pd.st route bill, 
which had cotne back from the 
Senate with sundry amendmcnts. 
El'hat bill is 
now upon the Speaker's table. As the Commit- 
tce 0)) the Post Office and Post Roads nieets to- 
2iiorrow, 1 ask that the bilk may be taken up and 
referred to that. conunillee. 
I object, if an ob- 
Mr. SIMI' r , of Virginia. 
jection will -Save are o•oino• on fast enough 
under the regular order. 
Mr. COLI*'AX. I will state to the gentleman 
that I had intended to accompany my request 
Wilh not 1.0 the I-louse. We passed tho 
post route bill early lust session, and sent it to 
thc Senate. 'I'hut kept it back until the last 
(lay of the session, and then returned it with sun- 
dry arneutnnents. 'i'here was a large majority in 
favor of considering the l.)iM in the House, but 
not a two-thirds vote. As the Committee on the 
Post Ofhce and Post Roads meets to-morrow, I 
suppose it would be proper to refer it to that 
It will have ultimately to go bcföre 
rnittce. 
the comrnittec; and I was goincr to ask those 
men')bcrs, NV ho have petitions for the establish- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Decent)ber 5. 
before the House for action. But we draw our The resolutions were read, as föllows: 
pay out of the '1' reasury, notwithstanding the 
financial embarrassments of tbc Government. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. we do not get 
I am not disposed to facil- 
of it by a great deal. 
itate the incurring of additional expenses. 
Mr. COLFAX. Let me state one thing fur- 
ther. Among the amendments of the Senate are 
some reforms in recyard to charges for carrying 
the mails upon railroads, that the Department 
would like to have considered, so that they may 
know what action Congress intends to take in 
reference to reducing the amount paid to railroad 
I. Resolved, 'I'hat so much of tho annual message of tho 
President of the United States to tlac t IVO Ile,uses of Con- 
gress at the present session as relates our fijrcign affairs 
toøe,ther the and docu- 
Incnts ; the elairns o!' our citizens atrainst. 
o? Spain, Costa Rica, and Nicaragua ; the A:nistad claiin ; 
the acquisition or Cuba; the quest.ion of ti;e adverse 
i, c\aizns of' Great Brit.ain and this Govern:nent. under treaty 
of June 19. 1846, to the island of San Juan ; and the ques- 
tions between Great Britain and this arisint•r 
under the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, in regard to the right of 
visit and search ; and the subject of military expeditions 
against friendly States, be reförred to the C0ü)0iittee cr, 
Foreign Afihirs. 
2. Resoleed, That so mach of said message aud accom- 
panying documents as relates to the finances; to the re-- 
companies for carrying thc mails. The Postmas- 
ter General is anxious to know thc disposition of céipts into the Tl'reasury, and public expenditures; to eco- 
1101nica] provisions iör thc adlnioistratior, of the Govern- 
Congress, and he states in his report that has Inent; to provision a rcvcnuc by duties on imports; to 
delayed action in regard to contracts with railroad the 
present •,vants and condition of thc 'å'reasury, be re- 
companies until he can learn the intcnti011 of Con- 
gress. 
The SPEAKER'. Is the objection insisted on? 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, sir; think 
we had better go on according to order. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Then 1 ask that I-louse 
proceed, under the 130th rule, to call the Statos 
and 'Ilerritories for bills and resolutions for refer- 
ence only. 
The SPEAKER. The first thing in order is 
I the call of the committees for reports. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 presume there are no 
cormnittees ready to report, and I suppose it is 
hardly worth while to call thorn. 
The SPEAKER. Then the States will be 
called for bills and resolutions. 
M.t•. KUNKEL. 1 object. 
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the regular order of 
business. 
Mr. KUNKEL. It cannot be done unless by 
unanirnous consent. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The 
ncss under the rules is the call of committees for 
reports, and the next business in order is the call 
of the States. 
Mr. KUNKEL. I suppose the committees 
can be called for reports. 
The SPEAKER. 
be regular, if there are no reports from connnit- 
tees, to call the States for bills and resolutions. 
I)ocs the Chair understand the gentlen-lan from 
Maryland to object to calling thc States ? 
Mr. KUNKEL. The regular of busi- 
ness is the call of' committees. 
SPEAKER. The call of the States will 
be the regular order, if there are no reports from 
connuittees. 
Mr. RUST. How i-u•e we to know there are 
no reports from committees except by calling 
them? 
'I'he SPEAKER. Are there any reports that 
all y committee desires to make.to the House. 
none, bills and resolutions are now in 
there are 
order from tho State of Maine. 
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 make the point of order; 
that. the committees In list be called by name in 
tlleir order, to ascertain the fact whether or not 
there are any reports to be made. A general call 
of this sort is not in compliance with the rule. 
The SPEAKER. If the from Indi- 
ana insists on it, the Chair is of opinion that he 
is entitled to have the committees called in their 
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 do insist on it. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Then interpose a privi 
leged question. 
I move that the House resolve 
itself into the Committeo of the Whole on the 
state of thc Union, for the purpose of considering 
the Military Academy and pension appropriation 
ment of' new post routes ill their districts, to hand bills; and move that they be made the special 
in to the commotee as soon as possible, as 
order. 
I hope the House will consent to pass 
',vc wish to the bill out of the way as carly as 
those two formal bills to-day. 
practicable, and not leave it to the last of the The question was taken on the motion to make 
session . 
the bills the special order, and it was agreed to. 
N'lr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman The question recurred on the motion to go into 
if we have not more mail routes now than we can 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
pay for? I ask the gentleman if the Treasury is Union; and being put, said motion was agreed to. 
not enujt.y? i ask him if the necessary obligations 
The House accordingly resolved itself into 
of Government are not unredeemed? And J 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
ask if there any reason in the world, in the 
Union, (Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, in the 
face of these facts, why we should be hurrying chair. 
on to illipose additional expenses on the Govern- 
lucn t? 
IMP. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the usual resolu- 
"Chat may be an appropriate ar- 
tions to refer the President's annual messaoe to 
from Virginia. 
gument for voting against the bill when it comes the appropriate committees. 
IQsn•ed to the of Ways and Nleans. 
3. Resolved, 'i'hat so much ()t• said njessaøe and 
panying doculnente as relates to tbc Ia•vvs of the United 
States against the African slave trade ; to the. passa«e of a 
lasv appointing s•mne day previous to the 4th of March in 
each year oi odd ntnnber tör thc election of Representa- 
fives throughout all the States ; to the power to enter Mex- 
ico with a Ini\itary force in order to protect citizens and 
treaty rights of the United States; and to services of At- 
torney Ceneral, be re{örrcd to the Conuniti.cc on the Judi- 
ciary. 
4. Resolved, 'I'hat so much of said mcssare and accom- 
pauying doctuncnts as relates to the Anny of the United 
States and to the Deparnnellt of War, be referred to the 
Connnittcc on Military Affairs. 
5. Resolved, 'Chat so Inuch of said message and accom- 
panying documents as relates to the Navy of the United 
States; to protection of persons and property of citizens 
of' the United States on tilC transit routes across the isth- 
mus ; to pi'0tecting our merchant vessels, their crews, and 
carroes, arrainst violent and lawless sQizure and confisca- 
tion in the ports of Mexico and the South Atnerican Re- 
publics, when in a disturbed and revolutionary state; and 
to tbc Navy Department, be referred to the Connnittee on 
Naval Affairs. 
G. Resolved, That so much of said Incssagc and accom- 
panyiD" docu:nents as recers to the District. oc Columbia, 
be referred to the Committee for the nistrict of (_%jlumbia. 
7. Resoleed, 'Phat so much of said message and accorn- 
panying documents as relates to the Post Office Depart- 
Ilient, its expenses, condition, and operation, and to coin- 
pensation to Vanderbilt, be reterred to the 
Connnittec on the Post Office and Post Roads. 
8. Rcsot.eed, That so Inucil of said tnessaae and accolrt- 
panvi1i2 doctnnents as re!atos to Utah, Kansas and other 
territory the United States, to the destitution of the in- 
habitants of Kansas, be referred to the Coxnmittee on Ter- 
9. Resol.red., 'I"hat so nmch said Iness•ace and accom- 
panyjng documents as relates to OUt• intercourse w'itll the 
Indian tribes, be reiOrred to the Comtnittee on Indian 
10. Resoh•cd, That so nnzch of said messagc and accom- 
panying docutnents as relates to the public (i0\nai1), be re- 
[Orred to the (30111 €nittee on Public Lauds. 
II. Resolred., 
'J_'hat so much of said mcs•saøe and aecom- 
documents as refers to the construction of a Pacific 
Railroad, be reterred to the special cotntnittcc on tuat sub- 
12. Resolved, That so much of said message. and accom- 
panving docurnents as relates to expenditures iii connec- 
Lion witli tbc State Deparuneut., be referred to the Corn- 
ntittce on Expenditures in the State Department. 
1:3. Rcsotecd, rl'hat. so rnuch ot• said Inessage and accoln- 
panying doe,kune.nts as relates to expenditures iti eon nee- 
tior: w ith the Depart:nent, 
be to the 
Conunittee on Expenditures in the 'å'reasnry I)epartinent. 
14. Resoh•cd, 'Ilhat so Inuch ;nessarre and aeeolll- 
panyiug docunl(jnts as refatcs councc- 
tion with the VVar Departenent, be to the Conunit- 
tee on Expenditures in the 
15. Resolved, 'I"hat so nnteh of said Illcssar'e and acemn- 
ponying docuntcnt.s as to expenditures in connec- 
t.ion wit.h the Navy I)c.paehncnt., be referred to the Coln- 
Inittee on Expenditures it-I the Navy 
16. Resoiccd, 'I'hat so louch of said and acct)ül- 
panying doe arnent.s as relates to (Expenditures 
t n corn) cc- 
with tbc Post Office Depart inent, be to the 
Connnittee on Expenditures in the Post Oilice Departu- 
In ent. 
17. That so 
panying (locuineuts as relates to expend itu: 
tion with the of tile, I ntcrior. t 
tures generally, and to a of 
re- 
Sai \ I Q? . 
ferred to the C,onnnittce on Public Expellditure 
'I'he resolutions were laid aside, to i.;e repo 
to the House with a recommendation that they 
be agreed to. 
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL. 
The committee then proceeded to the coy;sider- 
ation of the special order, being a bill (1'1. R. IVO. 
862) making apnropriations for the support of 
the Military Academy the year ending June 
30, 1862. 
By unanimous consent. , the first reacftng• of the 
bill was dispensed v.,rith•, and it was tac 
rough by clauses, for amend t.. 
.K roove Ihai tbc be laid 
Mr. SHERMAN. 
aside, to be reported (o the House, and that Ave 
now take up the pension bill. 
The CHAIRMAN. If there be objection, 
it will be so ordered. 
