18 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 5, 
to the Committee On Militgry Affairs, as it cer- 
tainly is a' departure•from the usageof this body. 
I should have declined serving on the commis- 
sion, because I do not profess to be qualified to 
determine the question in issue. 
My colleague on the Committee on Military 
Affairs, the gentleman from Iowa,- [Mr. CURTIS,] 
a graduate of West Point Military 
however, 
Academy, and a member who has had the sub- 
ject referred to that commission under considera- 
tion, was. peculiarly fitted, and ought to have 
been selected for position o-n that commission. 
For some reason, incomprehensible to him, the 
Committee on Military Affairs, or to myself, my 
friend from Iowa was passed by, and the' subject 
was placed, so far as this House is concerned, in 
the hands of members who had no previous con- 
nection with its c.onsideration—members who had 
not previously had the subject committed to their 
consideration, and whose opinions on it were un- 
known to the House. Whether they were in 
favor of or opposed to thc action which had been 
taken in the House, whether they agreed to or 
dissented from the opinion expressed by n major- 
ity of the members, was not known to the House 
by any vote that they had given. I do not know 
what has been the conclusion reached by that 
commissi01j; do not know what its report is to 
bc; but, sn•, whatever it be, its authority is some. 
what impaired by the fact that the ordinary par- 
liamentaty usage has not been followed In the 
appointment of its members on the part of this 
House. 
Mr. HUGHES. Has the resolution of 
from Iowa been received. 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman frorn Iowa 
submits his proposition as an amendment to the 
bill. 
iV1r. IIUGHES. by the Chair? 
The CHAIRMAN. II is. 
Mt. HUGHES. Why, 1 thought, sir, 
such un amer)dment ruled by the Chair to be 
out of order. 
The CHAIRMAN. No question of 
was raised on tho amend Inent. w bcn it was ofFered 
nnd rcccived; and even if 
had been, 
Chair would have been compelled to rule the 
amendment in order, Ibr Ibe reason that it pro- 
poses merely to limit the appropriation made in 
the bill. 
Mr. HIJGHES. Is the amendment open for 
-we can theri refer it to theCommittee on Military the part of some to change the fundamental law 
in regard to the Military Academy,- making the 
Affairs, of which the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. 
CURTIS] member. He is a soldier, and ..he term four years, instead of five; but whether the 
can give us his views on the report of the com- changé be made or not, the current expenses per 
mission. He can report his concurrence ill it, or year will be the same, and it will bc ncccssary to 
the reasons why it should not be adopted. Let i • pass this bill in precisely its prescnt shape. There 
is no need of delaying; tind if we de- 
us have his criticism upon the report of the com- 
mission, and the criticism of the Committee on batc this bill to the 4th of March, st.ill we must 
Military Affairs, and then the whoic question I be brought to this: that we must refuse to make 
wili be fairly before this House for its action. I appropriations to carry out existing laws, or we 
must pass this bill precisely as it is, whether the 
do trust that the amendment wili be withdrawn. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my friend from change proposed bv the gentleman from Iowa be 
Iowa will follow the suggestion of the gentleman adopted or not. The proposed change would 
from Maryland, and withhold his proposition at E make no difference in the current expenses of 
this time. I now call the attention of the House each year; and its only effect would be to dimin- 
ish the number of students graduating in. any one 
to the necessity of keeping the regular appropri- 
ation bills free from extraneous matter. This is year. 
a proposition of general legislation, and ought, I Why introduce now the bad' precedent of load- 
think, to be separately introduced and referred to ing down appropriation bills, when this appro- 
the Committee on Military Affairs. I will say in priation bill always passes as a matter of form, 
for the reason that every item in it is fixed by 
advance that my vote will follow the recommend- 
law? The salaries of the oflicers, the pay of the 
I will take its action as 
ation of that committee. 
conclusive. lappeal' to the gentleman from Iowa II cadets, and every thing relating to it, except the 
[Mr. CURTIS] to withdraw his amendment, so itcm for the putting of a partition through the 
that the pending appropriation bill tnay bc rc- kitchen, is fixed by law; and those items will re- 
ported to the House free from general legislation main the same, whether the term of study be four 
Hc will have an years or five. I hope the committee will rise, and 
and other extraneous matter. 
opportunity several times durino• the session to report the bill to the House as it is, with the rec- 
report a bill on the subject, and have no doubt ommendation that it do pass. 
that whatever may be the recommendation of the T hc question was put, and the amendment was 
Committee on Military Affairs, it will receive the not agreed to. 
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to 
approval and sanction of this I-louse. I do hope, 
at this early stage of the session, efforts to load 
the House with a. recommendation that it do pass. 
down the _ appropriation bills with amendments 
PENSION BILL. 
proposing new legislation like that now before 
on motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the bill mak- 
bc, as they ought to be, def@atcd. I hope, 
that. we shall pa-s•s the appropriation bills ing appropriations fop the payment of invalid and 
Sir, 
other pensions of the United States, for the year 
clean and simple as appropriation bills. 
ending the 30th of June, 1862, was taken up for 
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chairman, 1 think it.is 
ill the remark of consideration. 
my duty to say that f concur 
By unanimous consent, the first reading of the 
[lie gentleman froin Ohio, [Mr. STANTON,] 
bill was dispensed with. 
rnilitau•.y subjects ought to be referred for consid- 
'I'he bill was read through by clauses, for 
eration to Inembers of the Connuittec on Military 
amendment. 
Affairs; but ut the same time I niust. add that the 
Mr. SHERMAN. As no amendments are of- 
proper person to havc selected to represent this 
I-louse on the commission which has been re- fered to the bill, [ move that it be laid aside, to 
be reported to the House with a recommendation 
fiu•red to was thc gentleman from Ohio, the chair- 
that it do pass. 
Inan of the Conlmittcc on Military Afi'airs him- 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 call for the reading of the 
self, who initiated the idea ofa special cmnmittee. 
. 76th rule. 
And ict tne reply to the remarks thrown out 
by other gentlemen, that., its a incruber the ! i The rule was read, as follows: 
' It shali bc the duty 01' the Committee of Ways and 
Committee on Military Aflåirs, 
deemed it tuy 
discussion ? 
Means to take into consideration ali such reports of the 
duty to bring this question up on the first occa- 
The CHAIRMAN. It is. 
i Treasury Department, and all such propositions relative to 
Sion t.hat offered itself. I do not know what the the revenue, as may be referred to thein by the House; to 
Mr. HUGHES. 1 (10 not know that 1 partic- 
commission has done, and I nnust that 
ularly object to the proposed limitation of the 
inquire into the state of the public debt or the revenue, 
terni of' study at Point Military Academy l' care very little to know. 
'l'he subject is one and of the expenditure, and to report, from time to time, 
to four years; but it docs seem to me that there 
is no necessity for our being NO precipitate. I do 
not perceive uny good reason why we should not 
delay action until ',.ve can hear the formal report 
of thc commission wh ich has bccn so long engaged 
in the consideration of this very matter, and which 
their opinion thereon." 
which I believe the committee of this House fully 
understood when they made their report at the Mr. KUNKEL. I desire to know how the 
last session. I do not know, at this uncnncnt, who i Conunittee of Ways and Means can report this 
are the members of that commission, but, who- bill, without a reference of the matter to them? 
CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to 
ever they Inn y be, I havo the greatest rcspcct for 
saw it stated in the public journals that the gentleman from Maryland, that the estimates 
Military Academy in a most important, particular; 
and yet, sir, 
we are called upon to act on it sud- 
denly and without the in f?) Finatxon which is iu 
possession of Government, bat which has not 
yet been communicated to Congress. 
not say anvthino• 
In rete pence 
amendment out ()t• order, as the Chairman 
has already decided thc point; bat I mast express 
my surprise that it should, at this day, be decided 
to be in order to incorporate general legislation 
as this amendment ccrtain\y does—upon one of the 
regular bills. The pending amend- 
tnent, in iny opinion, Mr. Chairman, is rnore ob- 
jcctionable in its terms than was the original Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I hope the com- Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee 
proposition ; for by it the appropriation can only II mittee will rise, and report the bill to the I-louse 
do now rise. 
expended, provæded the term of study at West as it now stands. 'Ilhi.s bill is made up entirely, The Inotion was agreed to. 
Point shali be reduced from five to four years. 
or nearly so, of estimates fixed by law. There So the committee accordingly rose; and the 
Why should we act in this way? 'Why not wait are but two questionable items in iO, and t.l-lcy are Speaker havinff resumed the chair, Mr. WASH? 
until information is sent to us from the proper of very small amount, relating to the kitchen of BURNE, of Illinois, reported that the Committee 
Department? When that information is received, l; the institution. There has been an anxiety upon of the Whole on the state of the Union had had 
of thc Secretary of the Treasury Were referred to 
the purpose of I was a member of that commission. I was never 
was so properly constituted for 
that committee yesterday. The committee re- 
on the subject, and indeed, was never 
collecting all the information ncccssary t'or the 
appointed a melnbcn• of it. Probably if' I had 
ported this bill this morninff, and the House, re- 
intelligent action of the two Houses ot- Congress. 
itn•rcd it to Committee of tl.ce Whole on the 
question been I would not have attended. 
I do say that 
When that report corncs in the whole 
the standing Comnut.tee on Military Affairs have state of the Union. 
wili then bc open for our consideration. We will 
it I'vh•. KUNKEL. 1 understand that the reso- 
then havc before us all Itie inforpnation necessary fliirly and fully considered the whole mat 
for just and proper action. do not have that is sirnplv this: shall the terrn of study at -vest iution distributing tbc different portions of the 
indeed, but Point Mititary A.caderny bc four years Instead of 
Inessage of the Prcsidcnt to the several comynit- 
infin•mation at this time. 
'I'he superintendent of the institution and toes was only adopted this morning by the Com- 
few members of this 
, in the present. con- 
, i a majority of the faculty have spoken in favor of il)iltec of tilt; Whole on sLate of the Union, 
dilion of things, who arrive at sound con- 
with a recommendation that it be adopted by the 
'Ithe proposition strikes the reduction the tenn i.o four years. The gen- 
clusion on the subject.. 
I-louse. The House has made no rcfercncc of thc 
tletnan fr•oni Maryland [.N'lr. I-IUGHES] was a 
at the present. ot"unizat.ion of t.he. United States 
message, as I understand it. 
; se.hooimate of mine at the academy, and hc 
knows that we got along very welk under Mr. SHERMAN. I would inform the gentle- 
man from XVIaryland that the annual estimates of 
Tl'ha.ver with a fötn• years' course. W bat is the 
the Secretary of the Treasury were referred to 
necessity of the fifth year? 
1 believe the 
the Committee of Ways and Means yesterday, 
uates who studied there only four years were 
able to perform all the duties of a soldier. They l! and so much of those estimates as to the 
. have shown their ability by their acts in the Military Academy has been acted upon by that 
field. This matter is so simple and so plain committee. They have reported this bill accord- 
that hope it will not be referred to another timo ingly, and it is all right. 
— for decision; but. as it is now before us, it 1Mr. KUNKEL. 1 do not think the report is 
will be decided at once. 
Its decision cannot em- in order under the rule just read. 
barrass the House, and I ask for a vote upon the } I Tho bill was then laid aside, to be reported to 
arnendment. 
the House with a recommendation that it do pass. 
