1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Carolina does not desire to do anything thßt is 
wrong, nor ctüi* he wish to go upon thc record 
before the .cöuntry as ar(ruin« a auestion of which 
he is profoundly ignorant. Lct me stato the 
facts, so that the gentleman may be enabled to 
act rightly. 
Mr. BRANCH. •I shall be glad to receive 
from ghe gentleman whatever information he may 
have. 
Mr. COBB. This bill, sir, declares that the 
land shall bring double thevrice it was held at at 
the time the.se railroad grants were made. Under 
it, the reserved sections will sell for twice what 
they would have brought at the time the grants 
were passed, and what they would bring now if 
those grants had not been made. That is the 
it is what I desire, and all 
of this bill; 
I propose for the action of the House. For in- 
stance: if the land wet•c worth $1 25 per acre at 
the time of thc grant, it shall then be sold at • 
$2 50; if at seventy-five cents, at $1 50; and if 
at fifty cents, at onc dollar. That is ail ask. 
believe that the poor man now pays enough for 
the land he buys from the Government; .and I 
am, a-nd shall be, opposed to inflicting any new 
I do not bclicvc that he 
burdens upon him. 
shou\d -be compelled to pay tno-re than double 
what the land was worth at the time of the grant. 
Mr. BRANCH. With the gentleman 's per- 
mission, I will ask him to tell me and the House 
bama has not the floor to (rive away. The gen- order -to tbé géjiilOmah -from • 
tleman from North Carolina closed his remat•lcS portuiiity to Offer his hi•npndinenrt; ivbieh_ is...m„ 
and took his seat, and if the Chair recoÜnizes me, it harmony wtith the spirit Of a--pdoi'1Qrecée$- 
tainiy confihes its Operation -to åct.uaVsettTéÉS% 
I will proceed. 
Mr. HOUSTON. Does my colleague still hold such was the intention of the bill, no , 6b'- 
i jection to the amendment. 
the floor? 
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that 
If he does not, the Chair recognizes 
he does not. 
the gentleman from Illinois, 
I yielded it to 
Mr. COBB. 1 have the floor. 
the gentleman from North Carolina for iin expla- 
nation, with the understanding that I should again 
have it to call for the previous question. 
Mr. HOUSTON. 
I object to his yielding it any further, a-s his doing 
so seems io have produced a great deal of con- 
fusion. If he yields it, insist it shall be yielded 
I have no obieétion to this bill being 
altogether. 
discussed. All I desire is that the proceedings 
shall be conducted regularly and in order. 
The SPEAKER. of the opinion 
that the remarks of the gentleman from Alabama 
If this colleague ciaims thc 
are proper and just. 
floor he can have it. 
Mr. COBB. take it, then, and call for the, 
previous question. 
Mr. CURTIS. hope the gentleman will allow 
It is a short one. 
nae to make an amendment. 
Mr. STEVENS, ofPennsylvania. that 
the biil be laid upon the table. 
what construction is placed by the Department Mr. HOUSTON. As the amendment of the I 
gentleman from Iowa may have an influence on 
at this timc on the word minimuqn ? 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 the 
of the previous question [Cries of" s 
After the House -has commencéd to vdte•, it 
not be withdrawn . 
Mr. COBB. If that objection is a kood, 
can Offer; the amendment mygelf-. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 hope 
to. 
Mr. PHELPS. for of the 
améridment. 
The amendmént agåiri' read. 
Mi•. COBB. rfght. 
Mr. PHELPS. vociid suggest t0ithe• 
man from Iowa that-he shöukd modify his amend- 
ment, so that it read " settlGrs;• Oi• 
for the •use and benefit pf i'he ådjöining Taints 
owned or occupied by 
Mr. CURTIS. I' have no •kibje+ibivio 'that. 
Mr. GROW. That would 
quarter •sections to be taken. an-f 
am •in favor of the knhéildmeht. 
Mr. COBB. I have no objection? to thé amend- 
ment Of the gentleman from •Iowa; åi)d -I, Call the 
previous question upon it'. 
Mr. GROW. -How does the amendment 
stand ? 
The. SPEAKER. As originally. proposed by 
the gentleman from Iowa. 
Mr. COBB. Beföre I' answer, i would ask the 
gentleman what construction he himself places 
on that word. [Laughter.] With all his other 
accomplishments, the gentleman is a good Latin 
scholar; and he ought to be able to give a good 
opinion. [Laugh ter.] 
If the gentleman witl answer 
Mr. BRANC H. 
my question, I will yield to hear him. Other- 
Wise, I will proceed with my remarks. 
Mr. COBB. I think, in my first remarks, I 
stated that *1 25 per acre was held to be the min- 
imum price; but, sir 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 can yield no further. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE 1 rise to a point 
of order. The gentleman from Alabama and the 
gentleman from North Carolina are engaged in a 
disquisition with respect to the meaning ofa Latin 
word. I make the point that they are not in order 
because the rules provide that the proceedings of 
Congress shall be conducted in the English lan- 
guage. [Laugh ter.] 
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds the point 
of order to be well taken. [Renewed laughter. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 yield with pleasure to the 
decision of the Chair. 
I have at least derived one piece of information 
from the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. COBB,] 
who rose to correct the statement that I had made. 
my vote, I hope it will be read. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask, also, for the 
Mr. GROW. That is right. 
reading of the bill. 
The previous question was seconded, and thd 
The bill was again read. 
The amendment proposed by Mr. CURTIS was main question ordered to be put; and. under- '_thd 
operation thereof, the amendment adopted. 
read, as follows: 
After the words for entry insert thc words to actual The sübstitute, as amended, was then adopted 
The bill, as amended, Was then Oidered td be 
setlers only." 
The question being upon the motion to lay the I engrossed and read a third time; and, being en- 
grossed, it was accordingly fead the third time. 
bill upon the table, 
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the and nays. I Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays 
I on the passage of the bill. 
'I'he yeas and nays were ordered. 
The yeas and nays. wei•e Ordei•ed. 
The question was put; and it was decided in 
i T lie question was put; and it wag" decided in 
the negative—yeas 90, nays 100; as follows: 
the affrmativc=yeås 137, nays 57; as follows: 
YEAS-—Messrs. Charles F. Adalns, William C. Ander- 
VBA'S Messré. dbarles F. Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, 
eon, Ashmore, Avery, Babbitt, -Beale, Bingham, Blair., 
Bocock, Bonham, Boteler, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, But- Alley, 'I'homag L, Ahdei•son, , Ashley, Ba'bbigt/* 
terfie}d, Carter, Conkling, Corw/n„-C0X, -Crawtbi'd, DC Baticdalé,- Barr, Barret, Beale, Dingbam, Blair," Blak-ej 
Jarnette, Delano, Edmundsön, Edwards Eliot, Etheridge, Brayton, Briggs, Buffunton, Burch, Butterfield, 
Fenton, Ferry, Frank, Garnett, Gilmer, éooch, Hardeman, Carey, (,'artei, Case, John B. Clark,. Clopton, ('.obb,• John 
John T. Ilarris, [latton, Hawkins, William A. Howard, I 
( :ochrane. Colfax, Conkl ing, Corwiu, Covode, Cox, Curn 
Hughes, Hutchins, Jones, Keitt, Kunkcl. Landrum, Jan)cs Curtis, G. Davis, I)ela'no, f)iteil, Ed'!erton, Edwa'r 
M. Leach, Leakc, Longnccker, Love.ioy, Maclay, 
Elbert S. Martin, McKean, McPherson, McQueen, Alilcs, 
Isaac N. Morris, 
Millson, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, 
Morse, Nelson, Perry. Peyton, Potter, Put'h, Quarics, Ilea. 
gan, Rice, Riggs, Rofee, Ruflin, Sedgwick, Shertnan, 'Vil- 
liaiil N. II. Smith, Spaulding, Stautan, Stevens. Jmnos A. 
Stewart, Stokes, Stout, 'I'homa.s, 'i'atnpkins, 'I'rain, Trim- 
ble, Vance, Walton, Israel Washburn, iVeils, inslow, 
Wood, and Woodruff—go. 
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Ald*ch, Allen, 
That statement was, that the word aninimutn was 
Alley, L. Anderson, Barksda!e, Barr, Barret, 
construed by the Departlne.nt to mean $1 25 PCI' Blake, Brayton, Briggs, Bristow, Buffiüton, Burch, Burn- 
ham, Can-mbeli, Carey, Case, John B. Clark, Clopton, 
acre. All these railroad grants were passed with 
the knowledge on the part of the members of this Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfax Covodc, Curry, Curtis, [i. 
WV inter Davis, John G. Davis, 'Reuben Davis, 
House that such would be the construction. Tl'he 
Object Of this bill, to Of 
ilehnick, Holtnan, 
$1 25 to seventy-five ccnts or fifty cents or twenty- [loustou, William [Inward, Ilu:nphrcy, Irvine, Junkin, 
I Francis W. Kellogg, William Keilogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, 
five cents per - acre; or in other words' to apply Larnar, Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Logan, Love, 
to the construction of the word mininzzun the prin- 
Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Maynard, McClcrnand, McZ 
ciple of the graduation bill, so that tbc lands re- i 
Kcnty, McKnight, Montgomery, Sydenhmn Moore, Moor- 
head, Nibtack. Nixon. Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Pottic, Edwin 
sei•ved under railroad grants, which were made 
R. Reynolds. Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson. 
under the impression in that they '.vere 
Rust, Sickles, Williakll Smith, Spinner,- Stevcnson, Wil- 
to be sold- at $2 50 per acre, shall be disposed of 
liam Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, 'l'hayer, Thcaker. Under- 
at the prices of seventy-five cents, fifty cents, and 
twenty-five cents, as I have already stated. 
I now repeat, Mr. Speaker, that I rose with no 
purpose to •discuss the principles of this bill; but 
simply to call the attention of the House to the 
fact that this is another step taken in advance of 
the -land policy of this country—that it is a total 
departut•c from the principle upon which the 
grants of alternate sections of the public land for 
the construction of railroads knave heretofore been 
justified when applications have been pending be- 
fore Congress for that purpose. 1 am opposed 
to it. 
Mr. RUST. With the permission of the gen- 
tleman from Alabama, I will propound an inter- 
rogator to the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Though 1 cannot to 
mind the fåcts in this case 
Mr. RUST. I have the floor, i think, by per- 
mission of the gentleman from Alabama. 
LOVEJOY: The from 
wood, Vallandigham, Vandever, Verree, Wade, Waldron, 
i Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wl)iteley, Wilson, Windotn, 
and Woodson—lOO. 
So the House refused to lay the• bill upon the 
I the table. 
During the call; 
Mr. TAPPAN stated that, Mr. BURLINGAME 
I was confined to his room by severe indisposition. 
Mr. GOOCH stated that Mr. DATvcs was de- 
tained at home by the severe illness of one of his 
children. 
Mr. BURCH said: Intending to vote against 
the bill if Lbe amendment of the gentleman from 
Iowa [Mr. CURTIS] shall not be adopted, I now 
vote against laying the bill upon the table. 
[A messasye in writing, frotn the President of 
the United Sta tes, was here received by the hands 
of Mr. A. J. GLOSSBRENNER, his Private Secre- 
ME'. COBB. I withdraw my demand for the 
on the Of the im . 
Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Foster; 
Fouke, Frank, French; Gart-ren, Goocl),. Grahann, Grow, 
lielmiek, Hoarl, [Iolman, 
Williatn Williatn A. Howard, I-ignnphrey, 
Kenyon, Kilgore, 
ins, Irvine, Junkin, W' illitun Kellogg, 
Larrabee, C. Leach, Lee, LOgan, Lootni*, Lovej 
Lovejoy, Mallory, Marston. Charles D. Martin, MeCier- 
nand, McKean, McKenty, MeKnight, McPherson, Moot- 
«omery, Sydenhmn Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward 
joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Morse; Niblack, Nixon, Pat; 
tner, Pendleton, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Potter, Pot" 
Me, Edwin R. Rcynotds, John .11. Reynolds, •Rice,- Christ09 
pher.Robinso.n, Janies C. 'Robinson, Royce, Rgst, Sedg— 
Wick, Sher•nan, Sickles, Spauldii:g, . Spinner, -StaiitÖn,a 
VViIiiåtn Stewart, Stratton, ']'appått, Thayer, 'Thetikér- 
'l'.riunble Under:woöd,• - 
'l'oxnpkins, Train; 
Vandever, •Verree, Wade, 'VialdrQi).-. WAIton; Cadwutnder 
C. Washburn, wells, Wilsons.VVindom, W.09d, Woodruff, 
and Woodsqn=i37. 
NAYS—MessrS. Green Adams, William C. -Anderson; 
-Boteler, Bojee; 
Ashmorc, Avery Bocock, Bonhmn, 
Branch, -Bristow, •brown, Burnett, Craw\örd, De Jarnette, 
Etheridgö, Garnett.. Giinler, •Hardcrnan, John 'P. -Harris, 
Hughes, Jcflkins, Jones, Keitt, Kunkel, 
klatton, 
Landrun!, James M. Leach, Lcake, Longnecker, Maclay, 
Elbert: S. Martin, Maynard, -McQueen, -Miles, Miflson, 
Nelson, P.eyton, Pryor, Quaries, Reagan, Riggsj Rumno 
Wiiiiam Sin ith, W illiarn N. II. SLliith, Steveas, Stevensoo,., 
Ja:nes A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, 'l'aylor, * I'lxomas, Vance, 
Israel Washburn,- Webster, 'Whitehey, .aod- Winslow-—57. 
So the bill was passed. 
During the call, 
Mr. KELLOGG, ofelllinois, stated that Mr. 
FARNSWORTH Was detained at home by pressing 
business, ond that -lie had arranged a pair for him 
with Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, for ten days. 
Mr, COBB moved to recÖnsider the vote b' 
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay 
the motion to reconsider upon the table. 
The latter motion was" agreed to. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair would: 
to the gentleman from Georgia that the 
bill shou!d be amended. 
Mr. COBB. Let it stand as it was in_lthé (fri- 
ginal bill. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair th-iåkS' the 
will 
