22 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 6, 
Mr. COBB. Then I move to amend the title 
by adding the words, " and for othei• purposes," 
sO:tliåt it shåll read, " An act to construe the words 
mininum price of public lands, and for other 
purposei.' 
Thc amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1. move that the House do 
now adjourn. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave to 
present to the House a message from the Presi- 
dent of the United States. 
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw my motion. 
COMMUNICATION) 
The SPEAKER, by unan\mous consent, laid 
béfore the House a communication from the Pres- 
ident of the United States, in answer to a resolu- 
tion of •the House of Representativcs of the. 9th 
of April llast, requesting information concerning 
the African slave trade, transmitting a report 
from the Secretary of State, and the documents 
by which it was accompanied; which wras laid 
on the table, and ordered to be printed. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 am instructed by the 
Committee on PUblic Lands to report a bill. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 did not withdraw the 
motion to adjourn for that•purpose. I insist upon 
my motion to adjourn. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 give way to the motion 
to adjourn, as I shall have an opportunity to rc- 
port when the call of committees IS resumed. 
SELECT COMMITTEE. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair would ask the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw his 
motion to adjourn, to enable the Speaker to an- 
nounce a select committee. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Certainly; for that 
thin clsc, when requested by the Chair. 
Tie SPEAKER. The Chair is prepared to 
announce the select committee of thirty-three, 
directed to bc appointed by the resolution offered 
by the gentleman frot)) Virginia, [IVIr. BOTELER;] 
and the Chair desires to say that that gentlernan 's 
name is on)ittcd from the chainnans•hip of that 
committee, and frorn thc committcc altoo•ethcr, 
only at his 0'.vn request. The Chair would not 
have departed from the usual rule of courtesy hail 
not such been the gentleman's own desire. The 
Chair has endcavot•cd to form the committee 
according to his best judgment, deeming it an 
important committee; and he announces it.at this 
time •because he thinks immediate action import- 
ant. 
The committee ',vas then announced, as fol- 
lows: 
Messrs. CORWIN of Ohio, Mn.x.soN of Virginia, 
ADAiiS of Massachusetts, WINSLOW North 
Carolina, I-LOMPHREY of New York, BOYCE of 
SOuth Carolina, CAMPBELL of Pennsy Ivan ia, LOVE 
of Georgia,- FERRY of Connecticut, DAvrs of 
Maryland, ROBINSON of Rhode Island, 'W HITE- 
LET of Delaware, TAPPAN of New Hampshire, 
STRATTON of New Jersey, BrusT0W of Ken lucky, 
MORRILL of Vermont, NEI,sox of 'Tennessee, 
DUNN of Indiana, TAYLOR of Louisiana, IDA vis 
of Mississippi, KELLOGG of Illinois, HOUSTON of 
Alabama, Monse of Maine, PHELPS of Missouri, 
would feel very unwilling to draw upon myself a 
rebuke or reprimand which, perhaps, may be in- 
tended something in the nature and light of moral 
I have no idea of calling upon myself 
suasion . 
anythipg like a rebuke. 
I shall,- therefore, ask 
the House, under ail the circumstances of the 
case, to excuse me. 
Even, sir, if I were compelled by the rules of 
this House, or its custom, to serve upon that com- 
mittee, would be but a very unimportant mem- 
ber; certainly not a very cmcient one. I know 
that cannot bring myself to consent to act with 
the majority of that committee, and at all events, 
if I must serve, 1 shali be compelled to coincide 
with the minority, and wc shall have a report of 
our own. The idea of getting up this committee 
was one of Unanimity—a reat pcacc and Union- 
savinc measure; and, •as said the other day, 1 
am opposed to anything of that kind, believino• 
that the day has gone by, and the time for com- 
promise has passed forever. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on cxcusing 
the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker, f have 
listened with a great deal of regret to the applica- 
tion that has been made by 111 y friend from Florida 
to be excused from service upon this comrnittec. 
It has well been intimated here to-day that the 
gray shadow of the dark wing of dissolution is 
reaching and extending over the House and over 
the country; and so deep is the gloom under its 
influence that hardly can members be brought to 
attend to their ordinary duties. Men 's minds have 
been devoted for now these weeks past to this one 
great absorbing topic of conversation, thatenlists 
all minds, commands all judgments, and demands 
of every individual, froin every section, his best 
exertions, his purestemotions,andjustest wisdom. 
Sir, it is of importancc in this issue that the 
Republic should comrnand the exertions and ef- 
forts of all her sons; and I believe, sir, 
that now, 
ill the midst of a vital crisis, perils impending 
and dangers upon us, as has been proclaimed, 
there is no good reason why this assemblage 
of the rcprcsentative patriotism of the country 
should, of eithcr its prudence or discretion, ex- 
cuse my friend from Florida. I believc that even 
now, from his State, from its glades and ever- 
glades, whence the eyes of his constituents are 
directed with anxious vigilance upon our 
ceedings, could their voice penetrate, a besccch- 
ing appeal would be heard that their Represent- 
ative should stand forward at this juncture in the 
front of the controversy. 
I do not, sir, believe that it is indispensable to 
thc welfare of this country that there should be a 
unanimous report from this committee. God 
grant, though, that it may bc stamped with that 
unanimity which patriotism demands! [Ap- 
plause in the galleries.] But, sir, if the couritry 
not to saved, if there be not an abiding patri- 
otism suthc,ient. to command that glorious result, 
it is due to tbc people of these United States that 
the sad knowledge be theirs. 
It is due to those 
benighted regions which in many parts of the 
country sleep even now incredulous of danger 
that the fact should be sharply impressed upon 
their minds, and that no longer irrnorancc may be 
RUST of Arkansas, HOWARD of Michigan, I-IA w- pleaded ill excuse for acts which have lcd us to 
KINS Q? Florida, HAMILTON of Texas, WASH- I 
the verge ot' a fearful precipice, and which even 
of.- Wisconsins CURTIS of Iowa, of now are toppling us down its dread abyss. 
Califotnia, WINDOM of Minnesota, and STOUT of 
Sir, if there is to be no unanilnous report to 
Orecyon. 
save this country from dissolution, to qtuet the I 
Mr. HAWKINS. - Mr. Speaker, I 'evould ask pangs Of secession, or to avert, from ruin and an- 
of the House to -ke excused from archy, let us at least know now the nature of the 
serving upon this committee, for reasons which issue. Let, us know what demands are rnade by 
I ggve on TueBday last, and which it is not neces- 
one section of .the country upon the other; and 
I have consulted one of (hc 
sary now to repeat. 
let us feel what arc the maddening pulsations that 
oldest members of this House as to whether 
agitate, while they exhaust, thc land, and what 
it is voluptary_ or not on the part of any member l. the reined y proposed for its •relief. Let us, in 
of the House to serve when he is appointed ona truth, be enabled to answer the inquiries cx- 
committee. 
I understand, sir, that it must be an 
claimed to us alike from hamlet and from town, 
involuntary act on his part, provided the House 
Watchman, what of the night?" 
that through 
says so; in other Words, that every member is 
the storm and beyond the madness that pervade 
compelled by the rules of the House to serve 
appears a harbinger of day in yonder 
upon any commit_tee to which he may be ap- castern sky, and that in the beams of the cominff 
pointed by tbc Speaker, acting under the orders i rnorning, by the gleam of its breaking light, may 
of the House, and that if,he does not serve that be scon the stars and the stripes still securely float- 
he subjects himself to sometliilig like a rebuke or 
ing from yonder Capitol dome. [Applausc in the 
on the floor or in the galleries. 
I give notice that 
I shdll move that the gallaries be cleared, if ap- 
plause is renewed. [Hisses.,from the galleries.] 
They hiss me; and I now move, as a measure of 
that the galleries be cleared; at-ld that 
these disgraceful blackguards, who are violating 
the rules of the House and .the decorum and rc- 
spect due to the Representatives of this Confed- 
eracy, be expelled from the galleries of the House. 
[Renewed hisses from the galleries.] 
Mr. LAMAR. I hope my friend from Vir- 
ginia will not insist on his motion. 
It is utterly 
Impossible to suppress hissing here, for it was 
even heard in Eden. [Laughter and applause.] 
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state 
that order must be observed in the galicries, or 
they will be cleared. I have no doubt *that this 
suggestion will bc sumcient to the respectable 
auditory in the galleries. 
It is wrong that there 
should be any manifestation one way or the other, 
and hope this notice will be suffcient. 
I shall feel constrained to ordor the galleries to be 
clea red . 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker— 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I wish to appeal 
to my friend from New York, to let mc make a 
sug(restion. It is that he refrain at the present 
time from the discussion of this question. 
Several MEMBERS. No, no. Let him go on. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker, 1 
deprecate, with all others, the interruption of 
proccedings on this floor by any testimonial from 
the gallery or elsewhere, •either of censure or ap- 
plause. Yet, sir, an ekcuse may be found, pos- 
sibly, in the gravity of the theme that occupies 
us, and in its characteristic qualities of appeal 
to tbc emotions and feelings of all—of every one, 
however humble a member of the Republic he 
be. But, sir, it is enlinent-ly proper that order 
should be observed, that this question should be 
met and discussed with the grave decorum which 
its character and nature demand, and that an 
American Congress, even though in the pangs of 
dissolution, should, when falling, if' fall it must, 
draw about it its offcial robes, and expire with 
tragic decency before the world. 
l, sir, had not intended even to allude to those 
"reat principles and truths that repose at the base 
of this question and constitute the argument of its 
discussion. 
It were unwise and improper. But 
I appeal to all who hear me, that the allusions 
which I have madc were necessary to bring be- 
fore the intelligenco and produce to the heart of 
my friend from Florida considerations applicable 
to himsclf and in consonance with his own ele- 
vated and patriotic nature—considerations in ac- 
cord with his generous constituency; yea, sir, 
considerations of a magnitude and as-general and 
catholic as is the great and glorious Republic in 
which we live. 
I appeal to him, therefore, sir, 
in the name of our common humanity; I appeal 
to him in the hour of peril and in the name of our 
common country; I appeal to him by the memo- 
ries of the past, by the prosperity and continued 
existence. of the State sovereignty in which he 
glories, 10 remain on the committee to which he 
is presented. 
, this ap_peal be unheard, 
should it be vain and ineffectual, I may be per- 
mitted further to appeal to the House, represent. 
ing that common country whose integrity is 
threatened, that, without intentional reflection 
upon l! ill) , but under the obligation of a great duty 
to be pcrformed, it negative the motion that my 
friend frorn Florida be excused. 
Mr. HAWKINS. 1 move the previous ques- 
lion on IM y motion. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on second- 
ing the previous question. 
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker— 
Mr. HAWKINS. the gentleman from 
Virginia to order. 
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman from 
Florida state his point of order. 
Mr. HAWKINS. It is, that when the Chair 
is propounding a question it is out of order for 
the lnembcu• from Virginia to oet up and inlerrupt 
the Speaker. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair wouid suggest 
to the gentleman from Florida that the gentleman 
a reprimand on the part of thc House. Iam galleries.] 
fyotn Virginia may have risen to a privileged 
ready, of course, sir, to incur that penalty. AS Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a question of order. 
question; and it is therefore the duty of the Chair 
long as -I have the .1ionor to be a member of this 
I trust that in consideration of the great importance 
to hear him. 
body, am arrxious .to.conform to, all iw rules, ofthc deliberations of this I-louse the Chair will, at 
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Florida 
and subjeöt myself to all its discipline,. and I II the very commencemcnt, stop applause, whether i might have inferred that i rose to make a motion 
