1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
23, 
Mr. A DRAIN (when his name was called) 
which I think the House will find to be a privi- 
said: Mr. Speaker, I desire to •observe, that if 
leged question, and one that is eminently pnper 
the motion to adjourn be carried, the object of 
at this time. It is that the House do now ad- 
announcing the committee to-day will be de- 
journ. 
Mr. RUFFIN. The House dividing when feated. [Load calls to order.] 
Mr. RUFFIN. 1 call the gentleman from New 
the gentleman from Virginia rose to make his 
Jersey to order. 
motion. 
rl'hc SPEAKER. Tho Chair supposes that the Mr. A DRAIN. I do not int.end to debate the 
I rnerely desire 
motion is in order. The question before the question. 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 call tbc gentleman 
House is on the motion to adjourn. 
The question was taken, and the Speaker an- from New Jersey to order. 
Mr. A DRAIN. My opinion is that tho com- 
nounced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HAWKINS demanded the yeas and nays. mittee should be fot•tncd to-day. [Continued 
Mr. CRAWFORD. I hope the gentleman calls to order.] 
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri, stated that his 
from Virginia will withdraw his motion to ad- 
journ, and let the question be taken as to whether q colleague, Mr. NOELL, was detained at his house 
the gentleman from Florida shall bc excused. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Did not the Chair 
announce that the ayes had it? 
Mr. HAWKINS. 1 called for the yeas and 
nays. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, but it was 
after the decisi01') of the Chair, and the call was 
then out of order. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers that 
the gentleman from Flo'rida has a right to demand 
the yeas and nays. 
Mr. CRA W FORD. The yeas and nays have 
not yet been ordered—have they? 
The SPEAKER. No, sir. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then 1 beg the gentle- 
man from Virginia to withdraw his motion to 
adjourn, in order that the House may decide now, 
whether or not the gentleman from Florida shall 
be excused from servinc on a committee stvhen he 
asks to be excused from serving on it. 
Mr. MILLSON. The House can act upon 
i did not 
my motion as it may deem proper. 
make it of my own suggestion alone, but after 
conference with gentlemen in whose judgment I 
have great confidcnce. 
Mr. HAWK [INS. And if the gentleman from 
Virginia thinks that I acted unadvisedly and on 
impulse, he is greatly mistaken. With me it is 
a matter of rnore than twenty years' consider- 
ation. 
.Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to state to 
the Chair, that previous to the demand for the 
yeas and nays the Chair had decided that. the 
ayes had it on the motion to adjourn. If so, thc 
call was out of order. 
Mr. STEVENS, ofPennsylvania. The Chair 
only announced that the ayes seemed to have it. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I insist on my 
point of order. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir- 
ginia will pardon the Chair for saying that tho 
only statement was the ayes seemed to have it. 
The Chair thinks that the demand for the yeas 
and nays is in order. 
The yeas and nays uret•e ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the affrmative—ycas 104, nays 92; as follows: 
YEAS—Mcssrs. Charlee F. Adams, Green Adams, Al- 
drich, Allen, 'I'homas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, 
Barr, Barret, Boteler, Brayton, Briggs, Burch, Burnham, 
Butterfield, Campbell, Carter, Case, Horace F. Clark, John 
Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Corwin, COAX, Curtis, John 
G. Davis, Due", Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Elv, Fouke, 
Frank, French, Gooch, Graham, Grow, John - T. Harris, 
Hoard, Houston, VViliiam Howard, VVilliam A. Howard, 
frvine, Junkin, VViliiam Kellogg, Kenyon. 
Hulnphr.ey, 
KiEgorc, Kunkel, DeWitt C. Leaeb, James M. Leach, 
Leake, Lee, Maclay, Mallory, Marston, Charles D. Martin, 
Maynard. McKean, McPlierson, Millson, Laban Moore, 
Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, 
Palmer; Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, 
Morse, Nixon, 
Rice, 
Quarles, Edwin R. Reynolds, John H. Reynolds, 
Christopher Robinson, Royce, Rust, Sedgwick, Sherman, 
Sickles, William, Smith, William N. H. Smith, Spauld- 
Theaker, Thotnas, Train,Trimble, Vance, Vettee,Walton, 
Israel Washburn, VVeils, Whitelcy, Windom, and Wins- 
tow—104. 
N AYS—Messrs.Adrain, Alley, Ashley, Ashmore, Avery, 
Babbitt, Barksdale, Beale, Binghat)l, Blair, Blake, Bon- 
hant, Boyce, Bristow, Brown, Bumnton, Burnett, Carey. 
John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Covode, (_)rawförd, Curry, 
H. VVinter Davis, De Jarnette, Delano, Ed:nundson, Ed- 
wards, English, Etheridgc, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Gar- 
nett, Gartre!l, Giltncr, Hale, Hardcman, J. Morrison 
Harris, Haskin, Hatton, Havvkins, -Hickrnan, Holman, 
Hutchins, Jackson, Jones, Francis W. Kellogg, 
Hughes. 
Lamar, Landrui)), Larrabee, Lorran, Longnecker, Loomis, 
Love, Lovejoy, Elbert S. Martin, MeKeuty, 
McKnight. McQueen, Miles, Sydenham Moore, Nelson, 
Niblack, Peyton, Potter, Pottle, Pryor, Pugh, Renzan, 
Riifhn, Singleton, Stevens, Stevenson, Ja!nes A. Stewart, 
Wi)liam Stewart, Stokes, Tappan, Tompkius, Under- 
wood Vallandigham, Vandever, Wade, Waldron. Cad wal- 
ader 0. Washburn Ellihu B. Washburno; Webéter; Wil- 
Sn'd Wbddmæn. 
i by indisposition. 
Mr. BOYCE. I ask leave to give notice that 
'.viil also demand to be excused from servilP on 
this committee. 
The vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Housc accordingly (at t wro o'clock and 
I twenty minutcs, p. m.) adjourned till Monday 
next, at twelve o'clock, m. 
On the District of.CoZumbia—Messrs. Brown, (Cbairii\an,-') 
Johnson' of Tennessee, Yilee; Kenni±dy; Hamlin, Wilson; 
and Clingman. 
On Patents and the .Bigller, (dhafr- 
man,) Thomson, Hemphili, Simmoi'iö. azid 'I'ru'hbiril. 
On Public Buitdings and •Bright; (Chüir•-Z 
man,) Davis, Kennedy, Clark, and Doolitueå 
On Territories—Messrs. Green, (chairman;) 
bastian, Fitzpatrick, Collamer, Wade, and Latham. 
To Mudit and Control the Contingent E$penSee, öfßbei„ 
Senate—MeSsrs.- Johnson Of Tennessee, -POW—- 
ell, and Dixon. 
On Printing—Messrs. Fitch, (chairman;) -DaviS,m and} 
Anthony. 
II on Engrossed Bills—Messrs.' Lane, (chairman;) 
, and Ilarlan. 
On Enrolled -BiUs—Messts. Saulsbury, (chairman,) Bing= 
ham, and Latham. 
On the Library—Messrs. Pearce, (chairman,) 'Bayård,' 
I and Collamer. 
MEMORIALS. 
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President,- 1 offered a 
memorial, at the last meeting of the Senate, from- 
E the Chamber of Commerce. of the city of San 
I Francisco, California, in favor of the transmission 
of the entire mail between the eastern States and 
! California daily, thröugh•t the territory öf-thö 
i United States; which was laid On, the -tablC. 
niove, now, that it be taken and 
referred to the Commiltee on the Post 
Post Roads. 
The VICE- PRESIDENT. , The Chair 
IN SENATE. 
MONDAY, December 10, 1860. 
state, that all the memorials Oh the table will be 
Prayer by thc Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of 'Thursday last was read and 
properly referred to the several committees with; 
out a motion beinff made ih each case. 
approvcd . 
Mr. LATHAM. Then 1 do not insist on the 
Hon. WILLIAM K. SEBASTIAN, of Arkansas, 
appeared in his seat. 
motion. 
Mr. SUMNER. the ofThad- 
AMERICAN SEAMEN. 
deus Hyatt, of New York, setting forth the éuf'& 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the sen- 
fcrings of the peoplc of Kansas from an unpre- 
ate a report of tbe Secretary of State, communi- 
cedented drought, asking for relief from Congress. 
cating, m obedience to law, an abstract of returns 
'The memorialist, in a spirit of charity, has visited 
of registered American seamen. 
that Territory, and madc a journey of tnoi•q than 
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that it be printed. 
one thousand miles in order tb become personally 
The VICE PRESIDENT That motion will 
acquainted with- the actual condition of things 
go to the Committee on Printing. 
there; 'and the result of his observations is em-. 
Mr. SUMNER. It may bc printed bay unan- 
bodied in thc papers annexcd to the memo*iaj-. 
There arc precedents, I understand, for-relief in 
imous consent. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The 
In 1812 Congress appropriated 
similar cases. 
Massachusetts suggests that it be printed by 
for thc rclicf of the pcople of Venezuela, 
In South America, suffering from an earthquake; 
unanimous consent, 
Mr. SLIDELL. It had better go to com- 
and in 1822 they madc an appropriation of.lånd 
for the people of New Madrid, in the State of 
mittee. 
'I'he motion to print was referred to tbe Com- 
Missouri, also suffering from a similar calamity. 
mittee on Printing. 
Whether it would be expcdient to furnish relief 
now by money or by an appropriation of land, 
STANDING COMMITTEES. 
I do not undertake to sucryest; but I venture 'to 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 offer the following resolu- 
recommend thé prayer of the memorial most 
tion: 
earnestly to the attention of the Senate. The 
Resolved, 'I'h•at the several st_anding co:nmittees of the 
President, in his message, has already called our 
Senate, as they were arranged at the close of the last ses- 
attention to it, and the facts in this memorial 
Sion of Congress, be, and the same are hereby, reappointed 
amply sustain thc President i-n what he has 
for the present session ; and that all vacancies be filled by 
I ask its reference to the Committee on Territo- 
the President of thc Senate. 
The Secretary proceeded to read the list of com- r 
The memorial was so referred. 
mittees. 
Mr. PUGH. I suggest that, as we arc all 
familiar with thc committees of the Senate, it is 
not necessary to read that list. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no 
objection, the reading will bc suspended. 
Several SENATORS. No obiection. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will 
put the question on the resolution. 
The resolution was agreed to; and the commit- 
tecs are constitutcd as follows: 
(chairman,) 
On Foreign ReZations—Mcssrs. Masnn, 
Douglas, Slidell, Polk', Crittenden, Seward, and Sumner. 
IIOUSE BILLS REFERRED. 
The following bills, received from the House 
of Representatives on the 23dOf June, 1-860;and 
then read the first and sécond 'time by • their 
titles, were this day refei•ted Eis indicated, bee 
A bill (No. 451) granting an invalid pension to 
William Barns, of Ohio—to the Committee on 
Pensions. 
I A bill (No. 559) granting a pension to Harriet 
S. YVyman, widow of Captain Thomas W, 
Wyman, post-captain in the naval service of the 
On Finance—Messrs. Hunter, (chairman,) Pearce, Gwin, 
Unile.d Slates—to the Committee on Pensions. 
Bright, Fessenden, Cameron, and Toombs. 
A bill (No. 666) for the relief of William Süt• 
On Commerce—Messrs. Clay, (chairman,) Blglev, 
Toombs, Clingman, Saulsbut•y, Hamlin, and Chandler. 
ton—to the Committce on Pensions. 
On Military a-affairs and the Militia—Messrs. Davis, 
(chairman,) Fitzpatrick, Johnson of Arkansas, Chesnut, A bill (NO. 668) for the relief of Elizabeth 
W [d ton, widow of Thomas Walton—to the-Corn• 
Lane, Wilson, and King. 
On. Naval .ßffairs—Messrs. Mallory, (chairman,) Thom- 
son, Slidell, Hamnnond, Nicholson, Halo, and Anthony. 
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Bayard, (chairman,) Pugh; 
Benjamin, Green, Powell, Trumbun, and Foster. 
OIL Post Offices and Post RoadsÄ1essrs. Yulee, (chair- 
man,) Gwih,• Rice, Bright, VViglålI, I-lalc, and Dixon. 
mittce on Revolutionary Claims. 
A bill (No. 811) for the relief of A. Bledsoe,_ 
{l William Bryson, William C. Scott, William 
Doty, and others—to the Comrn_iltee on the Pose 
Office and Post. Roads. 
On Public Lands—Messrs. Johnson or Arkansas, (chair- 
'nan,) Pugh, Johnson o!' Tennessee, Laue, Bracrg. Harlan, 
artd Bingham. 
On Private Land Claians—.h'lessrs. Benjamin, (chairman,) 
Polk, Ten Eyck, and Fessenden. 
On Indian .Rffairrs—'Messrs. Sebastian. (chairman,) Fitch, ; 
Rice, Hemphill; Doolittle. Clark, and La:uatn. 
(chairman_,) Clay, 
'i'horn$on, 
On. essr:s. 
Saulsbury, Powell, Durkee, Grilnes, and VVilkinsou. 
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Crittenden, 
man,) Nicholson, Durkee, 'ren Eyck, and Hammond. 
On, ClaimsßMe.ssrs. Iverson, (chair:nan,) Mallory, Bragg, 
Simm:sns, Hémphil?; WL}kinecfi. 
HOMESTEAD BILL. 
T hc bill (H. R. No. 24) td secure Alomesteads 
to actual settlers on the public" domt(in, receiygd' 
from the House of Representatives on the; 5th 
instant, was read twice hy its title. 
Mr. JOH N SON, of Tennessee. I- move•.ithat 
, that bill be refin•red to the CommitteeohfPublic 
Lands. 
The motion was agreed 
