26 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 10, 
borders will be. Qi-peace; and the good oid times 
return again, such-tis a few years ago existed 
betweeh Missouri am-I Illinois. When a slave 
did cscåpc, .Wc found as many friends ready to 
assist us in his recapture in Quincy as svc would 
find on the western bank of the Mississippi. I 
want that good time to come back again. Owing 
to the state of public sentiment, you Cannot* do it 
now; but give it timc to react. iln the mean time 
exert you-f fo:réible power eto prevent the escape 
of fugitives. 
If 'I believed the -present state of the public 
sentiment of tlie North was to bé enduring, was 
to be permanent, I would say it is folly to •talk 
about patching up the Union; but I look forward 
to ja -reaction of that public sentiment. look for- 
Ward to the time x,vhen truth and propriety and 
justice will prevail; when constitutional obliga- 
tionS will be observed; and I hope, therefore, to 
clog the wheels of disunion long enough, to inter- 
pose obstacles strong cnough, make usc of efforts 
enough, to protect us while we are wait- 
ing for that readtion to occur. 
Merely for the purpose of having in the same 
connection thc settled views •of thc enlightened 
statesmen of the land to go forward before the 
public, 1 will rcad a few extracts from distin- 
guishcd writers and jurists on this subject. 
It, not because they are new to the Senate, but 
because I want them to go before the public. 
Judge Baldwin, in thc case of Johnson vs. 
Tompkiiis, said: 
The foundations of the Government are laid and rest 
on tbc rights of property in staves, and the whole structure 
must by •disturbing the corncr-stone." 
Edmund Randolph, in the Virginia convention , 
'"Were it right to mention what passed in convention on 
the occasion l' might tell you that tbc southern States— 
even South Carolina this property to be 
secured by these '.vords." 
That is, the clause on the subject of reclaiming 
fugitive slaves. 
Judge Iredell, in the North Carolina conven- 
tion, referring to the fugitive slavc clause in tho 
Constitution, said: 
some of the northern States they have cinancipatcd 
all of' their slaves. 
It' any of our slaves go there, and re.- 
Inain there a certain t.ilnc, they would, by [he present laws. 
be entitled to their freedonn, So that their Inasters could noi 
got them again. 
'I'his would be c.xtretncly prejudicial to 
the inhabitants ot• the southern States ; and to prevent it, 
this clause iS inserted in thc Constitution." 
Charles CotcsworLh Pinckney, in the South 
CaroliiRi •convention, said: 
We have obtained a right to recover our slaves, in 
whatever part of Amerlca they ruay take refugc, which is 
a right we had not before." 
Chief Justicc Tilghman, of Pennsylvania, in 
the casc of Wright vs. Deacon, said: 
Whatevcr bo our opinions on the subjcct of sla- 
vcry, it is well known tbut our southern brethren wonld 
not have consent-cd to have become partics to a Constitu- 
Lion, wiilcll II;e United States have enjoyed so much 
pro. poril.v, unless their property in slaves had been secured. 
'liliis Constitution has been adopted by the free consent of' 
the citizens ot• Penn.%.ylvania ; and it is the duty of every 
rnan, whatever Inay bc his oflicc or station, to give it aikiir 
and Caudid construction." 
The chief justice cites the provision in the 
second section of the fourth articlc of' thc Con- 
stilution, and observes: 
Here-is-the principle the fugitive is to be deliverpd up 
Oh elaih) of the -master. But it required a law to regulate 
the inanner in whleh this principle should be reduced to 
It was necessary to establish some mode in 
which tho ciaiiii should- be made, and the fugitive be de- 
livered up-." 
'I'he judge tl*.en quotes the enactment on the 
subicct •by Congress,' and concludes the opinion 
as iollows: 
It plaiitly appears firo:n the whole scope and tenor ot' 
tbc Constitution and aet of Congress, that tbc rugitive was 
to be delivered up on a sullilnary proceeding, without the 
delay of a formal trial- in a court of common jaw. But if he 
hti(f rcally a right to freedon), that right was not impaired by 
tiiis p:ocecding. 
Ile was placed just in the situation in 
which he stood beiOrc 110 fled, and might prosecute his 
right in the State to which hc belon«cd." 
William Rawlc, a distinguished jurist of the 
State of Pennsylvania, in his Essay on the Con- 
stitution of the United States, speaking of fugi- 
tivcs t•rorn justice, and fugitives from servitude or 
labor, says: 
To tbc latter descriptions of persons no asylum 
can by the Consti;tlt.ion of the United States be afforded. 
"Phe States arc considered as a common family, whose har- 
mony wou}d be endangered if they were to protect and de- 
tain -such tUgitives when demanded in one cise by thO 
e.xecutive authority of the State, or pursued in the other 
by the person .clai.nlinm•an interest in their service." 
Alexander Hamilton made the following state- 
I ment to the New York convention assembled at 
I Poughkeepsie, in June, •1788, to pass on the new 
Constitution submitted to the States by the gen- 
era! convention assembled at Philadelphia. It 
is extracted from Elliot's Debates, page 212: 
[n order that the committee may understand clearly 
the principles On which the general convention acted, l. 
think it necessary to explain some preliminary circum- 
stances. 
Sir, the natural situation of this country seems to divide 
its interest into different classes. There are navigating and 
non-navigating States—the northern are properly the navi- 
gating States; the southern -appear to possess neither the 
means nor the spirit of' navigation. This differencc of sit- 
nation naturally produces a dissilnilarity of interests and 
views respecting foreign commerce. It the interest 
or the northern States that tbcrc should be no restraints on 
their navigation, and that they should have full power, by 
a luajorit.y in Congress, to make commercial regulations in 
favor of their own, and in restraint of the navigation Q(•• 
foreigners. The southern States wished to impose a re- 
straint on the northern, by requiring that two thirds in 
Congress should be requisitc to pass an act in regulation of 
commerce; they w.cre apprehensive that the restraints of 
a navigation law would discourage toreigncrs, and by oblig- 
ing them to employ the shipping of the northern States, 
would probably enhance their freight. 'I'his being the case, 
they insisted strcnuously on having this provision engrafted 
in the Constitution ; and the northern States werc as anx- 
ious in opposing it." 
Much has been said of the ianpropriety of representing 
men who have no witl of' their own : whether this be rea- 
soning or declamation, I will not presume to say. It the 
unfortunate situation of the southern States to have a great 
part of their population, as wen as property, 
in blacks. 
'The regulation' complained of, was onc resalt of the spirit 
of accomtnodation which governed tho convention ; and 
without this indulgence, no Union could possibly have been 
formed. And, sir, considerin«r some peculiar advantages 
which we derive, it is entirely just that they should be giat- 
Ified. 'I'he southern States possess certain staples—tobacco, 
rice, indigo, &c., [and now, abovc an, cotton, I—which 
must now bc capital objects in treaties of conuncrce with 
förcign nations ; and the advantages which they necessarily 
procurc in these treaties, will be felt throughout all t11C 
States. 
[t became necessary, therefore, to coinprornise, or the 
convention would have dissolved withoc.it effecting any- 
Would it have been wise and prudent in that body 
in t.his critical situation, to have descrtcd their country. 
No. Every man ',v110 hears me, evory wise Inan in the 
United States, would have condemned them. 'l'hc con- 
vention were obliged to appoint a committec for accmn- 
naodation. 
In this ctnntnittee the azreclucnt vvas förrned 
as it now stands, and their report was accepted. 
delicatc pöint, and it •.vas necessary that all parties should 
bc ind 
Mr. Justice Story, in book 3, chapter 40 of his 
Commentaries on the Constitution of the United 
States, considers together the subject of fugitive 
offenders and fugitive slaves. After quotiug the 
clause respecting fugitiveS from scrvicc, he says: 
This cla.use was introd uccd into the Constitution solely 
ibr thc benefit of the slaveholding States, to enable 
to reclain•n their fugitive slaves who should have escaped 
into other States where slavery was not tolerated.' 
want of such a provision under the Confederation was felt. 
as a gricvous inconvenience by the slaveholding States, 
since in many States no aid whatsoever would be allowcd 
to the owners, and somctimcs, indeed, they Inet with open 
resistance. 
And in the next section he thus expresses him- 
self: 
It is obvious that these provisions for the arrest and 
removal of fugitives of both classes contemplate sunnnary 
nainisterial proceedings. and not the ordinary course of 
judicial investigations to ascertain whether the complaint 
be well ibunded, or the claim of ownership bc cstalJisl:cd 
beyond all legal controversy. In cases of suspected crimes, 
the guilt or innocence of the party is to be made outat his 
trial, and not upon the prclinlinary inquiry whether be 
shall be delivered up. All that would seem in such eases 
to be necessary is, that •there should bo prima facic evi 
dence before the executive authority to satisfy its judgment 
that there is probable cause to bel ieve the party guilty, 
such as upon an ordinary warrant would justify his corn 
mitinent Ibr trial. And in the cases of' fugitivc slaves, there 
would seem to be the same only prima 
facie proofs of ownership without putting the clai:nant to a 
formal assertion of his rights by a suit at the common law. 
Congress appear to havc acted upon this opinion ; and, ac- 
cordingly, in the statute upon this subject have authorized 
summary proceedings beföre a tnagistratc. upon which he 
Inay grant a warrant (Or a rcrnoval." 
In the case of The Commonwealth •vs. Griffin, 
Chief Justice Parker, of Massachusetts, holds 
this language; 
This brings the case to a single point, whether the stat- 
ute of the United States, givin(' power to seizc a slave 
, without a warrant, is constitutional? It is difficult, in a 
case like this, ibr persons who are not inhabitants of slave- 
holding States, to prevent prejudice from havintr too strong 
an effect on their minds. 
We must reflect, however, that 
the Constitution was made with sornc States in which it 
would not occur 10 the rniild to inquire whether slaves 
tt Ivas a very serious question when they 
came to gnake the Constitution, what should be done with- 
stitütion. That instrument was a compromise. It was a 
cotnpact by which all are, bound. We are to consider, 
then, What was the intention ot- the Constitution ? 
words of it were used out of delicacy, so as noG to offend 
smne in the convention whose tt2ehngs I.verc abhorrent to 
slavcry ; but we there entered into an a•rreement that slaves 
should be considered as property. Sla very would still have 
continued, if' no Constitution had been xnade. 
The Constitution does hot prescribe the mode of rc- 
claiming a slave, but leaves it to be detcrmincd by Con- 
gress. It is very clear that it Was not intended that appli- 
cation shouid be -made to thé executive authority of the 
State. It is said that the act which Congress has passed 
on this subject, is contrary to the amendtnent of the Con- 
stitutioa securing the people in their persons and pi•operty 
against seizures, &c., without a complaint upon oath. But 
all the parts of tbc instrument are to be ta„ken together. ft 
is very obvious that slaves are not parties to the Constitu- 
tion, and the arnendment has relation to the parties. 
it is said that when a seizure is madc, it should be 
made contOrmablc to our laws. This doe:; not follow from 
the Constitution ; and the act of Congress says that the per- 
son to whom the service is due lna.v seize, Ec. Whether 
the statute is a harsh onc, is not för us to deterrnine. 
But it is objccted, that person may, in this summary 
manner, seize a freeman. 
It li'lay bc so; but this would be 
attended with mischievous consequences in the person 
making the seizure." 
In the case of Jack cs. Martin, Chief Justice 
Nelson, of New York, now of the Supreme Court 
of the United States, indulged in similar reasons. 
I-le said: 
'I'he counsel for tbc plaintiff in error contends the 
mode of :naking the clairn and of' delivering up the fugi-- 
tivc is a subject exclusively of State regulation, with 
which Congress has no right to interfere; and upon this 
view the constitutionality of the law of this State is sought 
to be sustained. 
It is Inaterial to look into the object of this clause of 
the Constitution, tho evil to be guarded against, and the 
naturc and character of the rights to bc protected and en- 
forced, in order to cmnprehend its rneaning, and determine 
what powers, and to what extent, may be rightfully claimed 
undcr it. 
At the adoption of' the Constitution, a stnall minority 
of the States had abolished slavery "'itllin their limits 
either by positive enactlnent or judicial adjudication ; an 
the southern States are known to have been tnorc deeply 
interested in slave labor than those of the North, where 
slavery yet, to so:ne extent, cxisted ; but whcre, it must 
have bccu seen, it would probably E,oon disappear. 
It was 
for that portion Dt' the Üuion to tear that the latter 
States Inight, under the influence ot• this unhappy and ex- 
citing subject, be tenujtcd to adopt a course or legislation 
that "'ouåd cnrbarrass the (Hvncrs pursuing their fugitive 
slaves, it' not discharge them fro;n scrvicc, and invite es- 
cape by aflördiug a place of refuge. They already had 
sollic experience ot• the perplexities in this respect, under 
the ConfQdoraliou, which coutaincd no provision on this 
subject; and the serious and altnost insurmountable diffi- 
cutti5S that this of property occasioncd in the con- 
vention were well calculated to confirm their strongest 
apprehensions. 
'J.'() this source luust be attributed, no 
doubt, the prov ision of thc Constitution, and which directly 
Incets thc cvil, by not only prohibiting thc States from enact- 
in" any regulation diseharging t.he slave from service. but by 
directing that he shall be delivered up to the owner. 
implies a doubt whether they would, in the exercise of un- 
restraiucd power, regard the rights ()t• the owner, or prop- 
erly protect the:n by lorai legislation. 
"Ithc object tho provision being thus palpable, it 
should receive a construction that will operate most effect- 
ually to a.ccomplish the cnd eonsistcnt with the terms of it. 
'I'his We, may reasonably illfer will be in accordance with 
the irnent of the niaket•s, and svi}l regard with becoming 
respect the rights ot• those especially interested in its exe- 
cution. Which power, then, was it intendéd should bc 
charged with the duty of prescribing the mode in which 
this injunction of the Constitution should be carried into 
effect and ctltorcing its execution, the States or Congress ? 
It is very clear, tf left to the former, the great ptirpose of 
the provision might bc deiéated in spitc of the Constitu- 
tion. 'I'hc Sta:.cs "light otnit any legislation on the subject, 
and thereby leave the owner without any known tneans 
by which to assort his rights; or they might so encumber 
and o:nbarrass the proc.eéution of them, that their legis- 
lat.i02i on thc subject would be tantamount to denial. 'That 
alf this could not be done or 01nitted without disregarding 
the spirit. of the Constitution, 
true; but the provision 
itself is founded upon thc assmnption that Without it the 
acknowledged rights of tho owners would not be observed 
or protected ; it v„ras Inade in express tenns to guard against 
a possible act of' injustice by thc State authorities. 
idea t.bat the frtuners of thc Constitution intended to leave 
the regulation of this subject to the States, when the pro- 
vision itself obviously sprang out ot' their föars Of partial 
aud unjust legislation by the States in respect to it, cannot 
readily bc adlnitted. It would present an inconsistency Of 
action, and an unskillfulness in the adoption of' rneans for 
the in view, too remarkable to have been overlooked 
by a rnuch less wise body of men. They must naturally 
have seen and felt that the spirit apprehended to •exist in 
the States, v;llich Inade this provision expedient, would 
be able to Crusi_rate its object in rcgulating the mode and 
Inannet• of carrying it into effect ; 
that the remedy Dt' the 
evil and the security of rights would not be complete unless 
this pmver was also vested in the national Government." 
Judge Nelson's opinion was amrmed by- t.he 
court of last resort. 
Chancelor Walworth, in "ivinø• an opinion 
upon thc same case, said: 
However much/ therefore, we may deplore the exist.- 
once ofslavery in any part of'tn-e Union, as a national as well 
as a.lacal evil, yet, as the right of the inaste! to his 
their slaves . 
They might nave kept aioOf from t.hö Cdn. fugitiVe slavt is secured to him by tlie Federal ConStitution, 
