1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
27 
I ofa few reckless individuals. Let. parties bépl:aeed 
no good citizen whose liberty and property are protected tion to particular eianses. Perhaps the safest rule of inter- 
prctation, after all, Wii) be found to be, to- look to the nature 
by that Constitution, will interfere to prevent this provis- 
and object of the particular powers, duties, rights, with all 
ion from being carried into full effect, according to its spirit 
and effect ; and even where Lhe of law are resorted the light and aid of cotelnporary history; and to give to 
the purpose of evading the constitutional provision, 
the words of each just such operation aud 10ree, consistent 
or to delay the rcmcdy of the rnaster in obtaining a return with their legitilnate meaning, as may täirly secure -and 
of his fugitive slave, it is undoubtedly the right, and may 
become the duty, Q? the court in which anv proceedings for 
that purpose are instituted to set them aside, if they are not 
commenced and carried on in good fäith, and upon prob- 
Able grounds iör believing that the, ctainr 01' the master to 
the service of the supposed slave is invalid." 
Mr. Justice Story, of the Supreme Court of the 
United States, in the case of Prigg Us. The State 
Of Pennsylvania, thus defines the rights of the 
slaveowner under that article of the Constitution : 
The clause inanifestlv contemplates the existence ofa 
positive unqualified righi on the part of the owner of the 
slave, which no State law or regulation can in any way 
quality, regulate, control, or restrain. The slave is not to 
be discharged from service or labor in consequence of any 
'I'he question can never be, how 
State law or reutuation. 
much the slave is discharged from, but whether he is dis- 
charged froni any, by the natural or necessary operation of 
'l'he question is not one 
State lat.vs or State regulations. 
of quantity or degrec, but. of withholding •or controlling thc 
incidents of a positive and absolute right. 
tllis be so, then all the incidents to the right attach 
also; the owner must, therefore, have the right to seize 
and repossess the slave, which the local laws of his own 
State contor upon him as -property. 
Upon this ground we have not the slightest hesitation 
in holding that, under and in virtue of the Constitution, 
the owner of a slave. is clothed with entire authority, in 
every State of thc Union, to seize and recapture his slave 
whenever he can do it without any breach of the peacc, 
In this sense and to this extent 
or any illegal violence. 
this clause of the Constitution nmy properly be said to ex- 
ecute itself; and to require no aid fronl legislation, State 
. or national. 
But the clause of the Constitution does not stop herc ; 
nor indeed, consistently with its prolOssed objects, could it 
do so. Many eases must arise in which, if the. remedy of 
the owner svcre confined to the incre right of seizure and 
recaption. he would be utterly without any adequate rc- 
He may not bc abic to jay his hands upon the slave. 
He :nay not be able to cntörce his rights against persons 
who either secrete or conceal or withhold the slave. He 
may be restricted by local legislation as to the modes of 
proof of his ownership, as to the courts in which he shall 
sue, and as to the actions which he Inay bring, or the pro- 
cess lie tna.v use to compel the delivery of the slave. Nay, 
the local legislation inay bc utteriy inadequate to furnish the 
appropriate redress, by authorizincv no process in rein, or no 
specific mode of repossessing the slave, leaving the owner. 
at l)cst, not that right which the Constitution designed to 
secure—a specific delivery and repossession of the slave— 
but a mere reinedy in dannagcs; and that, perhaps, against 
pcrsous utterly insolvent or The State legisla- 
tion Inay bc entirely silent on the whole subject, and its 
ordinary remedial process franncd witti different views and 
objects ; and this Inny be innocently as well as designedly 
donc, since every State is perfectly competent, and has the 
exclusive right to prescribe the remedies in its own judicial 
tribunals, to Iirn[t the titnc as well as thc mode of redress, 
and to deny jurisdiction over cases vvhich its own policy 
an(i its institutions either prohibit or discountenance. 
if, theretöre, the clause of thc Constitution had stopped 
at the. recogniti0i1 of the riaht., without providing or 
contmnplating any Incans which it might be established 
and enforced in cases where it did not execute itself', itäs 
in a areat variety of cases, 
plain that it would have. been, 
a delusive alid ennpty denunciation. 
And this leads us to the consideration of the other part 
of the clause, wilie.h implies at once a auarantee and duty. 
it says: But he [thc s!avc] shall be delivered up on claim 
of the party to "'honi such labor or service is due.' 
? in what Inode to be deliverea 
whmn to be dciivered up 
up? flow, if a refusal takes place, is the right of delivery 
to be enforced? Upon what proofs? When and under 
what circumstances shall tinc possession of the owner, 
after it i* obtained, be conclusive of Ilis right, so as to pre- 
ciude. any further inquiry and c..xan)ination into it by local 
tribunals or otherwise while- the slave is in possession of 
the owner. or in t,ransitu to the State from which he fled? 
'i'hese, and many other questions will readily occur 
upon tbc slightest attention to the clause, and it is obvious 
that they can receive but one satisfactory answer. They 
require the aid of legislation to protect the right, to enforce 
the delivery, and to sceurc the subsequent possession of' 
It is historicaliy well known 
• attain thec ends proposed. 
I that the object of the clause of the Constitution, relating 
to persons owing service and labor in one State escaping 
into another, was to secure to the citizens of the slave- 
holding States the ccnnplcte right and title of ownership in 
their slaves, as property, in every State o? the Union into 
whiell they might escape fronr tbc State where they were 
held in servitude. 
'I'he full recognition of this right and titte was indis- 
pensable to the security of this species of property in all 
che slaveholding States; and, indeed, was so vital- to the 
pceservation of their domestic intcrcsts and institutions, 
thå-t. it cannot be doubted that it constituted a fundamental 
artil:le, without the adoption of which the Union could not 
formed. Its true design was to guard agaiqst 
the dö trines and principles prevailing in the non-slave- 
holdin», St,ates, by preventing them from intermeddling 
witli, 01 'bstructing, or abolishing, the rights of the own- 
ers ot• sli es. The clause in the Constitution relating to 
fugitivcs from labor manifestly contemplates the existence 
of a positive, unqualified right, on the part of the owner of 
the slave, which no State law or regulation canin any way 
quality, regulate, control, or restrain. Any State •law of 
regulation which interrupts, limits, delays, or postpones the 
rights of the owner to the iminediate command of his ser- 
vice or labor, operates, pro tanto,a discharge of the-slave 
therefrom. The owner ot• a fugitive slave has the same 
right to seize and take him, in a State to which he lias 
escaped, that hc has in a State from which he fled. The 
court have not the slightest hesitation in holding under 
and in virtue of the Constitution, the owner of a slave is 
clothed with the authority, in every State of the Union, to 
the slave. 
" If indeed the Constitution guaranties the right, and if 
it requires th.e dc'i„xery tibon the claim of the owner—as 
cannot well be (iöubte.d—thc natural inference certainly is 
that the nationai Gove: nment is clothed with the appro- 
. The funda- 
Inental principle appiicable to ail cases of this sort would 
seem to be that, where the end is requited, the means are 
given and where. the duty is enjoined, the ability to por- 
förm it is contemplated to exist on the part of the func- 
tiouaries to whom it is intrusted. 'I'he clause is found in 
t.he national Constitution, and not in that of any State. 
doe* not. point out any State functionaries, or any State I 
action, to carry its provisions into effect. On the contrary, 
the natural abd necessary conclusion is that the national 
—lczisiative, judicial, and execiåtive—to carry into effect 
ali the rights and duties imposed by the Constitution. 
It sviil probably be found, when we took to the char- 
acter of the Constitution of the United States itself; the 
objects which it seeks to att.ain, the power which it cun- 
ploys, the duties whicb it enjoins, and the rights which it 
secures—as well as to thc known historical facts that Inany 
'f its provisions were matters of compromise ot• opposiuu 
Interests and opinions—that. no uniform ru}e of interpreta- 
not positively demand, many modifications in its applica- 
seize and recapture his slave. 
The right to seize and retake fugitive slaves, and the 
duty to deliver them up, in whatever State of the Union 
they rnay be found, is, under the Constitution, recognized 
as an absolute, positive right and duty, pervading the 
whole Union with an cqual and supreme force, uncon- 
trolled and uncontrollable by State sovereignty and State 
legislation. T he right an(i duty are coextensive and uni-• 
form in remedy and operation throughout the whole Union. 
The owner has the same security and the same remediat 
justice and the saine exemption from State regulations and 
control, through however many States he may pass with 
the fugitive slave in his possession, i" transitu to his 
The Supreme Court, in the case of Moore, ex- 
ecutor of Eels, vs. the State of Illinois, decided 
thus: 
"A State, undcr its general and admitted power to define 
and punish ofönses against its own peace and policy, may 
repel from its borders an unacceptable population, whether 
paupers, criminals, fugitives, or liberated- slaves; and, 
consequently, may punish her citizens and others who 
thwart this policy, by harboring, secreting, or in any' other 
way assisting such fugitives. 
It. is no objection to such Icaisiation that the offender 
may bc liable to punishtnent, under the act of Congress, for 
the same acts, when injurious to the owner of the fugitive 
slave. 
The case of Prigg The Commonwealth of Pennsyl- 
vania (16 Peters, 539) presented t.he ft)llowing questions, 
which were decided by the court: 
l. That undcr and in virtue of [he Constitution of the 
United States, the owner of a slave is clothed with entire 
authority in cvery State in the Union, to seizc and recap- 
ture his slave, wherever he can do it without illegal vio- 
lenec or a breach of the peace. 
2. That the Govcrtnnent of the United States is clothed 
with appropriate authority and functions to enforce the de- 
livery, on claim of the owner, and has properly excrcised 
it in ihe act of Congress of 12th February, 1793. 
3. 'I'hat any State law or regulation which interrupts, 
impedes, limits, embarrasses, delays, or- postpones the 
right of the owner to the illunediate possession of' the, slavc, 
and the immediate command of his service, is void* 
This court has not decided that State legislation in aid 
of the claimant, and Which does not directly or indirectly 
delay, ilnpede, or frustrate, the, master in the exercise of 
his right under the Constitution, or in pursuit of his rem- 
edy given hy the act of Congress, is void. "—Howard's S. 
C. Reports, vol. 14, pp. 13, 14. 
I desire to have public sentiment called to this 
I have no doubt the honest peoplc of the 
North, when they sce that their ox." n judges and 
their own statesmen have thus decided, will begin 
to reflect upon the impropriety of their attempts 
to rescue slaves, right or wrong. If we can carry 
out that provision of the Constitution in an effect- 
ual manner, by an armed force to maint.ain and 
secure the execution of the Constitution, but little 
more will remain to. be done to pacify the public 
mind. 
Will it not be better to have this armcd police 
in the Union, accomplishing its desired object, 
than to have a standing army out of the Union ? 
We might, by possibility, separate in a peaceable I 
manner; but. the peace would not last six weeks. 
While the prudent men upon both sides would 
in hostile array, ai)d Whq foretell- the:-eådlk? 
Let a boy at school put a chip, onyh-is 
tell another that he- must:not klidck it- 
Will be sure to do it. It is. 
nature, that, when threats areo défi- 
antes. ate thrown out, When attempts} are riii:dg 
to. intimidate, there will be an effort mad9 
them. Cannot we conciliate bett'er -prompt 
action? Cynnnot wo p votect every interest- 
threatened? Cannot we prevent our,slaves 
run off? Cannot We -protect Vifgini4. gnd 
souri, and the other border States,'from bcing.in- 
vaded? There is adequate power in ilieGovern, 
ment to do it. Will you exercise it, or you 
first flee from the falling fabric without maküvg a 
single effort to prop it up and sustain it-? If the 
foundation be undermined, take out rotten 
piece und insert -new timber. Go to Work and 
make •t 'least one last, lingering effort. Stand 
upon the record of your country history Y' 4s 
your boys and girls will read it thirty ycars 
hence, in the light- of- true patriots, will-in-gAc 
make every personal sacrifice, wti}ling to: make 
every individual and public effort to save the Goir- 
ernment, and to save our rights -at the. sanie.time. 
A Government without rights -is nothing, 
would not have it; 1 would leave'it., if it wereper- 
mitted so to exist; but if, ihere_be a, Possibility 
(and I think there is more. than a possibility; [ 
think there is a probability) of securing.our rights 
in the Government still, let us make the effort. 
It is of no use for me to say what ultimate results 
may drive me to; I think it very improper to say 
I will only say this: I trust 
that in the Senate. 
in God, as I believe, I shall" be adequate to the 
emergpncy, whatever it calls ibr. 
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, it is notmy 
purpose to address the Senate at this time upon 
the pending resolution. I rise to correct a falée 
impression upon the public mind, {is I havo scen 
it published in sevcrul leading journals of -the 
country, as to -the attitude of California in the 
It has been said, and 
present crisis. 
bclieved, that, in the cvgnt of the secession; Of 
several of the States of the Unidn, California 
would avail herself of the opportunity to declare 
ber own independence, and, in conjunction with 
the other territory of the United States on the 
Pacific, form a Pacific: Republic. 
Mr. President, there is not a word •ot• trutll in 
this idea, and. it does great injustice to the people 
of that State. This Union has no more loyal 
subjects than the people of California; and out of 
i belicve there are 
her half million population, 
not many who are for disunion in. any shape. 
California will remain in the Union as it is and 
as it may be. And if, as seems now to be con- 
ceded , the cotton States from the Union , 
and are eventually followed by all the southern 
States, California, I am certain, will still remain 
with the great West and the North, with whom 
she is identified. [Symptoms of applause in the 
galleries.] 
In addressing this body upon the 16th of April 
last, I foreshadowed the Idea ofa Pacific Repub- 
lic upon the dissolution of the existing Union. 
I am satisfied, upon more mature reflection, to 
say the least, I was prematurc. For whatever 
may be my own opinion of the right or wrong of 
the presentagitatingquestion,a qucstion in which 
California has no present or vital interest, I feel' 
it my bounden duty to thus give, not only-my 
own opinion, but, as one. of her representatives, 
to state. what I believe to be the voice of hec 
majority. 
Thero is but onc thing which will or can alienate 
the affections of the people of the Pacific from the 
Union as it is or as it may be; and that is, a failure 
to give thern a Pacific railroad, and, until it is 
completed, overland mail facilities. 
Upon this question they are 
unanimous; and, since the great West and North 
are thoroughly committed to this material -idea, 
t.heir loyalty cannot be questioned. 
I shall, Mr. President, at some future day, with 
the indulgence of the Senate, submit a few reasons 
for this opinion, and also allude to the present 
be in favor of peace, and while the prudent men ll•condition of the country, but not until-other_Sen• 
upon both sides would advise peace, still some ators are heard who rank me in age, experience, 
involve the two sections in a and wisdom. 
reckless rnen can 
Når. FOSTER. Mr. President,' 
, being lighted up, will 
war, the flames of whic! 
burn. throughout kind; and prudence will be .W to ask the honorable Senator.from Kentucky, who 
! i destroyed by the improper and unfortunate action ! proposes the resolution, whetihee he aecepted or 
