1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE: 
of the evils which beset us? The diagnosis of the 
disease must be stated before we are prepared to 
prescribe. Is it the fault of our legislation here? 
If so,' then it devolves upon us to correct it, and 
we have the power. Is it the defect of the Federal 
organization, of the fundamental law ofour Union ? 
I hold that it is not. Our ('athcrs, learning wisdom 
from the' experiments of Rome and of Greece— 
the one a consolidated Republic, and the other 
strictly a Confederacy—and taught by the lessons 
of our own experiment under the Confederation, 
came together to form a Constitution for " a more 
perfect Union," and, in my judgment, made the 
best Government which has cver been instituted 
by man. It only requires that it should be car- 
ried out in the spirit m which it was matlc; that 
the circumstances under wrhich it was made should 
continue, and no evil can arise under this Gov- 
enunent for which it has not an appropriate rem- 
edy. Then it is outside of the Government—else- 
where than to its Constitution, or to its adminis- 
tration—that We are to look. Men must not creep 
in the dttst of partisan strife, and seek to make 
points aTainst opponents as the means of evading 
or meeting the issues before us. The fault is 
not in the form of the Government, nor does 
t.he evil spring from the manner in which it has 
been administered. Where, then; is it? It is that 
our fathers formed a Government for a Union of 
friendly States; and though under it the people 
have been prosperous, beyond comparison with 
any other whose career is recorded in the history 
of man, still that Union of friendly States has 
changed its character, and sectional hostility has 
been substituted for the fraternity in which the 
Government was founded. 
do not intend here to enter into a statement 
of grievances; I do not intend 'here to renew 
that war of crimination which for years past 
has disturbed the country, and in which I have 
talccn a part perhaps more zealous than use- 
ful; but cull upon all men who have in their 
hearts a love of the Union, and whose service is 
not merely that of the lip, to look the question 
calmly but fully in the face, that they may see 
the true cause of our danger, which, from my 
examination, believe to be that a sectional hos- 
tiiity has been substituted for a general frater- 
nity, and thus the Government rendered pow- 
crless for the ends for which it was instituted. 
The hearts of a portion of the people have been 
perverted by that hostility, so •that tbc powers 
dele'yated by the compact of union are regarded , 
.not as means to secure the welfare of all, but as 
instruments for the destruction of a part, the 
rninority section. How, then, have we to provide 
a remedy? By strengthening this Government? 
By instituting physical force to• ovcrawe the 
States, to coerce the people living under them as 
members of soverci&n communities to pass under 
•the yoke of the Fedoral Government? No, sir; 
I would have this Union severed into thirty-three 
fragments sooner than have that great evil befall 
constitutional liberty and representative govern- 
mont. Our Government is an agency of dele- 
gated and strictly limited powers. Its founders 
did not look to its preservation by force; but the 
chain they svove to bind these States together 
was one of love and mutual good offces. They 
broken the fetters of despotic power; they 
:had separated themselves from the mother coun- 
try upon the question of community independ- 
.ence; and their sons will be degenerate indeed if, 
.clinging to the mere name and forms of govern- 
.mcnt, they forge and rivet upon their posterity 
.thc fetters which their ancestors broke. 
But it has been said this morning that we should 
:not discuss the cause of existing evils. Then how 
.arc we to ascertain the appropriate remedy? It is 
duty to discuss the cause, and confront the 
danger as men resolved to perform the public 
service as best may serve the common good, and 
equally resolved not to engage in a scramble of 
that section , here and now to say so, if your people 
are not hostile; if they have the fraternity With 
which their fathers camc to form this Umon; if 
they are prepared to do justice; to abandon their 
opposition to the Constitution and the laws of the 
United States; to recognize and to maintain and 
to defend all the rights and benefits the Union was 
designed to promote and to secure. Give us that 
declaration, give us that evidence of the will of 
your constituency to restore us to our original 
position , when mutual kindness was thc animating 
motive, and then we may hopefully look for reme- 
dies which may suflice; not by organizing armies, 
not so much by enacting laws, as by repressing 
the spirit of hostility and lawlessness, and seeking 
to live up to the obligationsofgood neighbors,and 
friendlv States united for the common welfare. 
To dwell upon anti-fugitive slave laws is to deal 
with the symptom only valuable as it indicates the 
disease which demands attention. What though 
all the "personal liberty bills" were repealed: 
would that secure our rights? Would thatgive us 
the Union our fathers made? Would that renew 
good offces, or restrain raids and incendiarism, 
or prevent schools being founded to prepare mis- 
sionaries to go into lands where they are to sow. 
the seeds of insurrection, and, wearing the livery 
of heaven, to serve the Devil by poisoning wells 
and burning towns? These are offenses such as 
no people can bear; and the remedy for these is 
in the patriotism and thc affection of the people if 
it exists; and if it does not exist, it is far better, in- 
stead of attempting to prcserve a forced and there- 
fore fruitless Union , that we should peacefully part 
It is not to 
and each pursue his septu•ate course. 
this side of the Chamber that we should look for 
propositions; it is not here that we can ask ftn• 
remedies. Complaints, with much amplitude of 
specification, have gone forth from the members 
on this side of the Chamber heretofore. It is not 
to be expected that they will be renewed, for the 
people have taken the subject into their own 
bands. States, in their sovereign capacity, have 
now resolved to judge of the infractions of the Fed- 
eral compact, and of the mode and measure of 
redress. All can usefully or properly do is 
to send to the people thus preparing to act for 
themselves, evidence of error, if error there be; to 
transmit to Lhem the evidence of kind feeling, if 
it actuates the northern section, where they now 
believe there is only hostility. If we arc mistaken 
as to your feelings and pt.u•poses, "Five a substan- 
tial proof, that here Ilia y begin that circle which 
hence may spread out and cover the whole land 
with proofs of fraternity, of a reaction in public 
sovereignties.entered 
After having tried the Confederatiom feüiid;ib 
to Ibe a failure, Of- their 
peacefully together, and, ima brief'.petioå« 
Consti tution , which was referred 
voluntarily ratified. by each. State vwhichÆ entered 
the Union; little time, little money,-and-np 
being expended to form; this 
machine for making the Union useful ah•d'bébeæ 
ci@l. Blood,.much and precious; was .expeüüiå: 
to vindicate and to establish community: cindß± 
pendence, and the great American ,idea that-Ian: 
governments rest on the consent of the gover.néd': 
and that the people may; at their -will; i'ltewor 
abolish their government, however or by whome 
soever instituted. 
But our existing Government: is: not the:less 
sacred to me because it was not sealed with blood. 
I honor it the more because it was •the fræ•-will 
offering of men who chose to live- together. It 
roo_ted in fraternity; and 
trunk and all its branches. Every bud and lea-nett 
depends entirely on the nurture fit re_ceiv.es fcon 
fraternity, as the root of thec- tree. -When-that 
is destroyed, the trunk decays and the, branches y 
wither and -the leaves fall;• and the shade. it (Was 
designed to give has passed away forever. : 
cling not meiTly to. the name and the form,' but 
to the spirit and purpose of the Union which• our 
It was for domestic tranquillity; 
fathers made. 
not to organize within one State lawless bands 
It -was to pro- 
to commit raids upon another. 
vide for the- common defense; not to disband 
armies and navies lest they should serve the .pro- 
tection of one section of thc country. better than 
It was to bring the forces of all -the 
another. 
States together to achieve a common object, up- 
holding each the other in amity, and united. to 
repel exterior force. All the. custom-house ob- 
structions existing between the States were de- 
stroyed; the power to regulate commer.ce trans— 
ferred to the General Government. Every bare 
rier to the freest intercourse was swept. away. 
Under the Confederation •it had been secured asa 
right to each citizen to have frec transit over all 
the other States; and under the. Union it was de- 
Is it enjoyed? 
signed to makc this more perfect. 
Is it not denied? Do we not have mere speculu- 
tive question of what is property raised In defi—- 
ance of the clear intent of the Constitution, offend- 
ing as well against its letter as its whole spirit? 
This must be reformed, or the Government our 
i fathers instituted is destroyed. I say, then, shali 
we cling to the mere forms, or idolize the name% 
of Union, when its blessings are lost, . after its 
sentiment, and the assurance of a future career in i spirit has fled? Who would keep a flower which 
conformity with the principles and purposes of i had iost its beauty and its fragrance, and in their 
I would not stead had formed a seed-vessel containing thee 
the Constitution. Ail else is idle. 
give the parchment on which the bill would be deadliest poison? Or, to drop the figure, who 
would consent to remain in alliance with States; 
written which is to secure our constitutional 
rights within the limits of a State where the people which used the power thus acquired to invade 
his tranquillity, to impair his defense, to destroy 
It 
arc all opposed to the execution of that law. 
is a truism in free Governments that laws rest his peace and security? Any community would 
upon public opinion, and fall powerless before its be stronger standing in an isolated pOsit10n, and 
using its revenues to maintain its- own physical 
determined opposition. 
The time has passed, sir, when appeals might II force, than if allied with those who would thus 
war•upon its prosperity and domestic peace; and 
'I'he time has 
profitably be made to sentiment. 
reason, pride, self-interest, and the apprehension 
come when men must, of necessity, reason, as- 
I i, of secret, constant danger, would impcl to sepa-- 
semble facts, and deal with current events. 
ration. 
may be permitted in this to correct an error into 
I do not comprehend the policy of a southern 
•tvluch one of my friends fell this Inorning, when 
he irripressed on us the great value of our Union Senator who would seek to change the whole form 
as measured by amount of time and money•and of our Government, and substitute Federal force 
It for State obligations and authority. Do we wanta 
blood which were spent to form this Union. 
cost very little time, very little money, and no new Government that is to overturn the old? DO' 
blood. It was onc of' the most peaceful transac- we wish to erect. a central Colossus, 
tions that mark the pages of human history. OurA discretion the military arm, and exercising mili— 
il tary force over the people and the States? This 
fathers fought the war of the Revolution to main- 
i tain thc rights asserted in their Declaration of is not the Union to which we were invited; and 
so carefully was this guarded, that when our 
Independence. 
Mr. POVVELL. The Senator from Mississippi fathers provided for using force to put down in- 
surrection, they required that the fact of the in-• 
will allow me to say that I spokc of the Govern- 
I said time and money surrection should be communicated to the author— 
mcnt, not of the Union. 
ities of the State, before the President could 
party strife and crimination, eitty-er for party or and blood had been required to form the Govern- 
interpose. When it was. to give- to 
,personal advantage. It is only by laying bare the ment. 
Mr. DAVIS. The Government is the ma- I Congress power to execute. the laws against:æ 
,disease that we are to find a remedy. It is an ulcer. 
I chinery established by the Constitution; it-is the i., delinquent State, it was refused on the ground 
Cautery, not plasters, must be applied to it. 
Then where is the remedy? the question may agency created by the States when they formed that that would be making war on the States; 
the Union. Our fathers, I was proceeding to say, though I know• the good purpose of rny lion— 
asked. In the hearts of the people, is the 
ready reply; and therefore it is that turn to the having fought the war of the Revolution, and orabic friend from Missouri is only to P'! 0- • 
tection to constitutional rights; I fea-i• •Ins.-propo- 
.other side of the Chamber, to the majority sec- achieved their independence, each State;f01' itself, 
each State standing eut an integral part, each State sition is to, year a monster which break the 
'tion, to the section in which have been commit- 
ted the acts that now threaten the dissolution of separately recognized by the parent Government feeble chain provided, and destroy rights it 
the Union. 1 call on you, the representatives of of Great Britain, these States as independent, intended to guard.. That, Government 
