34 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 10, 
believe the Sen- 
reciprocated that. sentiment. 
atöi• has pronounced a calumny on his constit- 
uents•as well as on mine. I do not mean to speak 
disrespectfully of hina•,. L speak of his accusation, 
and not -of himself, I understood the Senator 
from New Hampshire [Mr. HALE] to proclaim, 
like manner, not the gospel of peace between 
brethren, but a circumspect waiting to ascertain 
whether Mr. Buchanan would or' Woukl not send 
a -Federal Army tö coerce the State of South Car- 
olihaæ. tfUst, sir', if Mi. Buchanan should com- 
mit so high.handed and fatal an act of violence 
as that,- his terny is not too brief, as President of 
the United StateS, for him to be arraigned at our 
bar by an impeachment. would South 
Carolina be worth tot herself or to us, if she were 
(frägged. captive- in chains? I wish no State of 
this Ünion to be subjugated by her Sisters. 
If 
she cannot be retained by the bonds of affection, 
OT, if estranged, cannot bc brought back to us by 
the arts of kindness, why, then, in God 's name— 
horrible as I esteem such an alternative—let her 
depart in sorrowful silence.. 
agree, sir, with much that Whs said by the 
other Senator from Mississippi [Mr. DAVIs] this 
morning. I believe, it is no question of personal 
liberty bills; no question of Pacific railroad' pro- 
jects; no question whether the fugitive slave act 
shall or shall not bc enforced by arms—not even 
a question what our territorial policy ought to be. 
The diffculty is, that we of the North do not un- 
derstand the southern' peoplQ, and they do not 
rightly understand us. 
I fear that no remedy 
is within the reach of Congress, and therefore I 
deprecate any discussion of particular questions. 
1 hope the committee now to be appointed, in 
virtue. of this resolution, will look beyond and 
abovc all present controversies; and if it can do 
nothing else, as I think it cannot, will advise us 
to declare to our constituents, in some solemn 
ibrm, that no methods of legislation—no method 
of constitutional amendment to be inaugurated 
here—can bc of the slightest efficacy or use. We 
n)ust tell the people, in every State, to follow the 
example of their fathers—to choose delegates for 
conventions of all the States separately, and after- 
wards for a convention of the States together. 
The ento•c field of controversy should be reviewed 
and patiently considered, in order, if possible, to 
lay more deeply, more broadly, and, I trust, more 
wisely, the foUndations of our comrnon liberty 
and security and happiness. 
It is easy. for Senators from New Hampshire. 
and Massach usetts upon the one side, and Senators 
from Georgia and' Mississippi upon the other, to 
debate Union or disunion ns a logical controversy; 
but to you [the Vice President, in the chair] 
and to me,. to our wives and children, to our im- 
mediate neighbors, it is a question of life and 
death, 
I hope there is no Senator who will not, 
under such circumstances, bear patiently with us . 
hope the S-enator fromMississippi [Mr. P,Rowx] 
will reconsider his determination. I do not be- 
lieve that his noble constituency would think 
worsc of him because, in response to an appeal of 
arnity und friendship, he planted himself In the 
very door of reconciliation, and kept it open as 
long as any one would speak a single kind word. 
Mr. BROWN. The Senator wilk allow me a 
I never intimated that wc would not 
moment. 
listen to appeals; 1 never said that this case could 
not be adjusted; but I said there was no disposi• 
Tion On tbc Republican side to do it. My friend 
from Ohio and I have not the power to do it. He 
is not speakirp for the Republicans. They are 
the power in Govcrnmcnt, and, so far as we 
have had any intimations from theni, they have 
no propositions to make, and none to accept. My 
friend from Ohio and I might talk to the end of 
the next century, and agree or disagree as much 
as wc pleased 
Mr. BENJAMIN. You and he could agree 
in five minutes. 
Mr. BROWN. He and 1 would have no diffl- 
If the Republicans will trust their 
culty at all. 
cause to him [laughter] and the Democrats to me, 
II begging them for God's sake to stave this thing 
frankly, that unless "they approacli this contro- 
versy in a spirit of honorable conciliation, they off•untll the 4th of March, so that he may get 
have won tbcir last victory in the non-slavehold- out of tho way of the shower before it comes, 
ing States, and, assuredly, in theStates northwest (Laughter.) That is the position which I believe 
of the Ohio river. They did not win. the presi- Mr. Buchanan occupies to-day. 
dential contest on any such propositions as some Now, sir, I want 1.0 say a word farther. Some 
ot• them have announced on this floor, and they gentlemen have undertaken to magnify the posi- 
tion which so humble an individual as myself 
know it. 
At all events, my honorable friend from, Mis- occupies here, and have said to me verbally, and 
sissippi ought neither to be deaf nor blind on this I in writing from some of the adjoining States, that 
occasion; and for him, as well as for myself, I I something—much—depended upon thecourse that 
I and some others not quite so humble as myself 
desirc to express earnest gratitude to thc honor- 
take in this matter. But, sir, I have almost de- 
able Senator from Connecticut [Mr. DIXON] for 
the generous, manly,-and noble speech just deliv- spaired of doing anythinz•, because, when I get 
ered. It was exactlyüe right speech; made at up and say I am for peace and fear war,' they 
the right time; and- I must say came from the swear that I threaten war and that i do not want 
accept it as an omen of purer and f peace. [Laughter.] That is just the way the 
right quarter. 
public press misrepresents; and I have nothing to 
of better counsels. For myself, I will not •quar- 
rel with any gentleman in regard to his particular say. 
remedy or proposition; I am ready to. examine 
all of them, and give them all a respectful delib- 
eration. 'l'hcre is nothing, absolutely nothing, I 
which an honorable man would ask of me, or of 
my constituents, that be• cannot receive, and es- 
pecially, sir, if he should QSk it in words of kind- 
ness. Let us have done with mere altercations. 
Is it not au utter disgracc that thc first mcn of thc 
Republic should come hither, at the seat of Fed- 
deral Government, representing the sovereignty 
of their proud States at home, •yvhen the fabric of 
our common liberty is tottering to destruction, 
and instead of stretching forth their arms to stay 
such ruin, should fold them inanely, helplessly, 
and hopclcssly, as did the Roman Senators at a 
time of barbaric invasion. 
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I rise to correct 
a misapprehension of the Senator from Ohio, in 
a staternent which Ire has made of some remarks 
that I madc here a few days ago. I do not know 
that I over spoke in my life when was so per- 
sistently and so obstinately misrepresented. I 
do not refer now to the Senator frorn Ohio, be- 
cause I do not think a Senator here would do it; 
butl speak ofa few craven, cowardly, infamous 
wretches, that in the providence of God havc 
föund themselves editors of some of our northern 
papers, and secm to think it is incumberot on them 
to utter an apology, about once a week, that God 
ever sent such tniscrable wretches into the world. 
It is from their hands that this persistent misre- 
presentation comes. understood the honorable 
Senator from Ohio to say that had declared 
that I wanted to wait to see if Mr. Buchanan 
would not send a Federal army down to coerce 
South Carolina. 
Ml•. PUGH. 1 say to the Senator frankly that 
I did so understand his remarks—not that he 
used those words, but that was the amount of 
what he said, as I thought. I shall be very happy 
if the Senator did not mean that. 
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, if so intelligent aman 
as the Senator from Ohio misunderstood me in 
that respect, I ought to abate'a little of those ad- 
jectives that I have heapcd on those editorial 
wretches. [Laughter. 
Mr. PUGH. thin you had better leave the 
adjectives out. 
•Mr. HALE. I have read that speech over and 
over acrain; I: have received various letters in 
relation to it; and I said in it just exactly what 
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. DAVIs] said I 
to-day; nothing more,- nothing loss; and .1 repeat 
it: wre ought to look this matlcr fairly in thc face. 
I said further, that, in nay humble judgmcnt, the 
course of' events would lead to war; and when 
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. BR0WN] asked 
mc if meant to threaten war, I repeated over 
and over fpain that I meant no such thirp•, but 
believed that the course of events was tending 
in that direction. I said it, and believed it; and 
I bclievc it now. deprecate it as much as any 
mah on this floor can; I would make as much 
honorable concession as any man can; but I 
should scorn myself, and the gallant people that 
sent me here would scorn me, if I could stand up 
on this floor to menace war. 
I will go further. 
we will settle the question before the sun goes I will say to the Senator from Ohio, that I not 
down, without the least trouble in the world. only never said, bat I never had such a thought 
There was one thing which the honorable Sen- 
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] said while he 
was up, that I did not exactly catch; and nothing 
but my reluctance to break in upon a gentleman 
while he is speaking, prevented me from asking 
him at that time if I understood him correctly. 
He said that be appealed to this side, to this party, 
x,vho had committed the act which had driven us 
to this position. As I did not get the floor of 
the Senate, I went over and asked the Senator 
from Mississippi privately if I understood him, 
because, although the Senator from Georgia, the 
other day y represented that there is a state of 
armed neutrality here; that nobody here ever goes 
to the other side, and that nobody there ever comes 
here, I will say that whcncveu• I have had occasion 
to go over on that side, even though it were to 
address. the Senator from Georgia himself, I have 
always met kind, courteous, and gentlemanly 
treatment. 
Mr. IVERSON. It is all on the surface; only 
skin deep. 
Mr. HALE. well, then, sir, 1 have done you 
morc credit than you deserve. [Laughter.] Thus 
encouraged, I went over and asked the Senator 
from Mississippi candidly, and it seems -l mis- 
understood him. 
He did not speak of any par- 
ticular act, but of a series of acts. Now, sir, 
declare, befbre God and the country, that there 
is no one thing that I more desire in this world 
than to sec that bill of indictment fairly, hon- 
cstly, and intelligently made out. What is it that 
my Sate has dot')e? I represent but one Sidley 
I' am unfortunate. A great n•lany gentlemen I ep- 
resent whole squads of States. [Laughter _t 
1 
only represent one, and she is one of the smallest 
in the Union. I should be glad to see the bdl of 
indictment fairly and squarely and 
and constitutionally made out. I would •ask gen- 
tlemen to put their finger on the place and name• 
the time and thc occasion when the State which' 
I have the honor in part to represent hcpe has 
done anything inconsistent with her constitutional; 
dignity and her constitutional duty—inconsistent 
with that fraternal feeling which should govern 
the representatives of the States of this Confed- 
eracy. And, sir, I can tell the honorable Senat.or 
fronu Georgia that, when I speak of this fraternak. 
feeling, it is a little more than skin deep with me. 
have gloried in. the Union and in the country, 
and the whole of it; and I believe, sir, that if evil 
days are before us, they are the just judgments 
of a righteous God for the iniquities of a people 
who have, been blind to His mercies and reckless 
in the use of the great privi.leges that He has be- 
stowed upon thcm•. 
But I beg now, and once for all, to assure t.he 
honorable Senator from Ohio,- and evm•y other 
Senator, and everybody else x,vho pays the least 
regard to what falls from so humble a source as 
myself, that I have never said anything that evcn 
sophistry could torttue into a metytce of war. 
come here, sir, to perform my duty under the 
Constitution,.and I am willincr to meet any and 
everybody and say, that if there can bc pointed 
out anything in which the State• that represent 
has come short of her whole constitutional duty, 
in letter and in spirit, she will do what she never 
did in the face of an enemy, and that is, take a 
Then I cannot have any difficulty with him. 
It I i as that Mr. Buchanan would send an army down backward step. She has no pride of opinion that 
is the power behind Iliun I um talking about. 
to South Carolina. I will tell you, sir, what I i will influence her beyond her constitutional duty. 
Mr. PUGH. My honorable friend from Mis- believe to be his position—and I am sorry to be She is ready to, perform that, and all that, and to 
sissippihasno Republicans" to conqucrathomc. provoked to say it. 
believe that, instead of stand there. It is thus th.at sho expects the Union 
That duty remains to me, and to inore than a sending an army down to South Carolina, Mr. will be prcserved, and go down to posterity such 
I tell him, and I now-tell them Buchanan is on his knees before them to-day, , as we have hoped that "it would be, and as*l have 
million like 
