1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
37 
Mr. HAWKINS. 1 must call the gentleman 
t the blood ofmy friends shed-in the streets of Harper's Ferry ; 
to order. 
I decline to yield. 
Mr. BRIGGS. I only wish to say that. the 
gentleman is wrong in his statement, so far as I 
am concerned. My vote was not given for you, 
Mr. Speaker, upon the ground stated; that is, as 
exhibiting my opposition to the interest and rights 
of any section of this Union. .ft '.vas, I hold, a 
national and conservative vote. 
Mr. HAWKINS. The gentleman is only in 
the incipient stage of comprehension. 
I was al- 
luding not to members from the free but to mem- 
bers from the southern slavc States. The gen- 
-tleman from New York is not a southern man. 
Mr. BRIGGS. The gentleman referred to 
those who voted for our present Speaker. 
Mr. HAWKINS. No, sir. 
Mr. BRIGGS. Then I am mistaken. 
Mr. HAWKINS. 1 have nodoubt that if the 
gentleman were not Alexander, he would be the 
other man, Diogencs. [Laughter.] 
Mr. Speaker, there were aSTEWART, a HUGHES, 
a KUNKEL, a HARRIs,anda WEBSTER, from whom 
a selection could have been made, neither of whom 
comes here with the marked and emphatic disap- 
probation of the State of Maryland. She is a 
noble State, sir; always patriotic; always ready 
to do her devoir in behalf of our country. In the 
war of the Revolution, the troops of the Mary- 
land line performed prodigies of valor; and in the 
campaign in the South, by them were battles 
saved and victories won. At the hard-fou«yht 
battle of the Cowpens, nothing saved the day but 
a charge with the bayonet by these troops of 
Marylan(l , 
led by the gallant Howard; while 
they fought most nobly, and covered themselves 
with glory, at Eutaw, King 's Mountain, and Guil- 
ford Court-House. Maryland was entitled, sir, 
to a representaticc tnan. 
There are other appointees upon this commit- 
tee subject to criticism. I have only selected one 
of the inost glaring of the cases. 
If asked what 
is all this to me, inasmuch as I declinc to serve 
upon the committee, I answer, Iwant the country 
to know that it cannot, docs not, represent the true 
sentiment •of some of the States, and that a great 
moral effect is sought to be produced by some- 
thing that savors of a constructive fraud. So far 
as the extreme South is concerned, I tell them this 
committee is the Grecian horse introduced ii)to 
Troy. Tl'he object is to gain time; delay and de- 
moralize the South by holding forth to its people 
that there is a great pacificator at work, certain to 
bring about a political millennium. 
Again: Mr. Speaker, i regret that this proposi- 
tion for this committee did not emanate fropn the 
North. This would have indicated a rcturnincr 
sense•ofjustice in that quarter; 
that there was a 
sincere desire to make due concessions and offer 
a proper security for the future. No, sir; 
it came 
frorn a son of Virginia; a gentleman for whom I 
entertain a profound respect, blended with no little 
1 recret thac his 1110desly prevenled 
adrniration. 
him from serving upon this committee, with all 
my heart. 
But, sir, was it appropriate that the South, after 
havincr endured every insult, wrong, and eon- 
Lurnely; her citizens excited to frenzy by the long- 
continued assaults upon her institutions, and 
States driven into revolution—yes, sir, I reiterate 
—s,vas it appropriate, after all this, that the olive 
branch should be tendered to the North by one of 
Virginia's mozt gifted sons? It was the part of 
the South to I-lave st.ood aloof, and assumed an 
attitude. of self-defense and stern defiance, await- 
ingforan overturcfrom the North. I do fuli justice 
to the motives of the mover of this committee. 
Beyond all doubt, they were replete with patriot- 
ism. 
But I regret, deeply regret, that a Repre- 
sentative of Virginia, representing the district 
intd which John Brown made his bloody foray, 
and shed Virginia blood, should have been the 
first to move in this matter. Ircmember tast win- 
ter, MI'. Speaker, the pleasure and delight vvyith 
which I listened to the remarks of the gentleman 
from Virginia, the mover of these resolutions. 
But, sir, fearing that this admiration will not bc 
appreciated properly, I would ask my friend upon 
tho left [Mr. JOHN COCHRANE] to read the ex- 
tracts which I will point out. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE read the extracts, as 
follows: 
Now, sir, was presentat that horrible Harper's Ferry 
raid; I was a wituess to that abominable outrage; I saw 
and if therc is a Inan who has a right to speak to that sub- 
ject, it is myself; and yet I have fbrbornc to speak on the 
subject. 
I have remained silent för various reasons, not 
the least of which is, that the distinguished Senator before 
me [Mr. Masopi] is engaged in the investigation of the facts 
covinectcd with the whole affair, and will present them 
fully and fairly, at the proper time, before the country, and 
leave it to judge of theni. 
'I'here is another reason which, must confess, has 
also influenced me in this matter. I (and f have been 
painfullv conscious of it whenever my mind has reverted 
to that dark day) that whcn the heart most, the tongue 
refuses to pcriörm its wonted task. 
And, sir, when I have heard gentlemen on the other 
side of tbe tloor stand up and derisively refer to that in- 
famous outrage, I have been hardly able to retain my seat, 
and ref'rain fi•om the expression of iny indignation in terms 
which might not have sounded parliamentary. My mind, 
sir, has again and again, during t.his discussion, gone back 
to that dark October evening, when stood by the side of 
a friend, and laid my hand upon his brow where-the death 
damp was gathering, while the blood was gushing from his 
noble heart, and have been often disposed to say, in apol- 
ogy for iny i'orbearance : 
Oh ! pardon me, thou bleeding piece of earth, 
'l'hat am rncck and gentle with these butchers P 
For tell you, sir, tfiat, in my opinion, tbc leaders of the 
Abolition which is seeking to control the organiza- 
uec, and to obtain possession ot'the Govern- 
tion of this 
ment, are as uch the murderers of my friends at Harper's 
Ferry as were *John Brown and his dCluded föllo.wcrs ; 
and I think that the committee engaged in -the investiga- 
tion in my State. and the invcstigatiou on the part of the 
Senate, will prove that the agitation ofthe slavery question 
by the great leaders of thc Republican party has been the 
(iå•ect cause of the Ilarper's Ferry invasion." 
" The election which returned these gentlemen here 
took place a montl' befOre the John Brown raid. 
ple ofthe North believe, know, they must know, they can- 
not fåil to see, what is the inevitable tendency of' this sla- 
very agitation. 'They have becn told by you, the politicians, 
you, the leaders—and haue ailowed ourselves to be de- 
ludcd by the syren song suntr in our cars—that you do not 
intend to interlOre with slavcry within the States. Person- 
ally, I believe you do not. Personally, there is not a leader 
arnong you all—not even Fred Douglass—vr'ho can be fOund 
with courarre enough to come into States and interture witli 
slavery there. But, froin year to year. you have beaten the 
drum of abolit.ion isn'. 
From your pulpit. and press and 
forum, in season and out of season, you have preached to 
the risinry aeneration that slavery is a curse; and that anti- 
slavery sentiment has stimulated others, less careful of their 
personal safOty, to co:nc us with a hostile intent., 
to steal our slaves, and incite then) to insurrection." 
Mr. HAWKINS. Mr. Speaker, 
men of the beauty of the eloquence of the gentle- 
man from Virginia. My friend from New York 
[Mr. JOHN COCHRANE] read•those passarres which 
1 marked with proper cmphasis, and hc did it 
well as he does cvcrything; but, sir, 
his delivery 
was not equal to that of t11C gont\ernan from Vir- 
ginia, the thereby losinrr tnueh of their 
powcr by the loss of the eloquehce of the 
tleman who pronounced them. 
'l'here two 
Athenians. One of them read to the other an 
oration of Demosthenes. 'EIIC Athenian to whom 
the oration was read was perfectlv enraptured, 
and expressed his dcliullt and ad liliration, when 
the reader of the oration retnarked, ' 'A y, sir, but 
you should have heard Dmnosthcnes himself' dc- 
liver it." Now, sir, in this there is no covert 
satire—none intended; but since I have been a 
member of this body, I have heard no gentleman 
whom I have admired Inorc than I did my friend 
from Virginia, the last, when he delivered his 
speech in relation to John•Brown. Iwiil now read, 
sir, a few liner. myself: 
wc now discover that Ive must depend upon our own 
right ann to protect our State fi•om further outrage, so long 
as thcre re:nains a 'Republican' organization in Congress 
and the, country. Why will you persist, zne,n of the North, 
in maintaining that organizaüon? WV hat good do you ex- 
poet to effect by. it? Yoti fonned it, so you have said, för 
the sole purpose of' making Kansas a free State. You have 
Kansas as a free State; iOr, sir, when she comes into this 
If there be any other pur- 
Union, she will coÆue as I'vee.' 
pose that you expect to accomplish by it, it must be to trans- 
iQr your irrepressible conflict' from the 'Territories to the 
States." 
In other words, sir, he calls upon the North to 
do away with their organization; he calls upon 
the Republican party to disband. Mr. Speaker, 
the idea of thc Republican party disbanding and 
breaking up is too ridiculous! "What, sir, break 
up after the great and siszual victory achieved over 
all of us? Break up! get none of the spoils, the 
honors, and, the most coveted of ail, the power ! 
Those who believe that thc Republican party will 
screams of the coronach in the highlands of Scout- 
land. But, sir, •the Republiåån party. Will h+t 
yield; they haye rio. ideä of yiéldiijb. I see men 
there on my right who have fib moréidea of gori- 
cession than I' have of doing tin-y aetkiihich håve 
solemnly made up my mind not to t.lOd Look.at 
I them! Is there any trepidation on thbsé fåces Oh 
the other side of the Hall? Is there any qüäi•l- 
ihg? Is there any cowering? Why; "sip', -tliéY 
sit there, amidst all these events Which' are speed- 
ily following each other and shaking the Country 
to its fouhdatiohs, as composed tis the Roman 
Senators upon the invasion of Rome by the Gtidlé. 
They have made up their minds. They yield! 
They yield up the doctrines for which they have 
been fighting for thirty years! Why, SIX', it is 
an absurdity. You might just as well ask us 
upon the Democratic side of the House, to Yield 
up all our own doctrines and principles. You 
might just as well ask us southern men to yield 
up the institu tion- of slaver.y, disrniss our negroes, 
and throw them upon the world. The Republi- 
can party is made of stcrncr stuff. The idea 
bruited about in the newspapers that the Repub- 
lican party is scared, and that there is trepi'daqign 
among them, is ridiculous. This soutliérn ex- 
citement may have touched the commercial men 
of the North; but go to the northern country, and 
mix with the masses, and you will find that If any 
of these gentlemen should give wav to the South, 
and concede to them equality in ihe Territories 
and the repeal of these liberty bills, what would 
bc the plain and stern response of the yeomanry 
of the North—plain, commori-sense, straightfor- 
ward men, with simple but strong ideas? They 
would say: " No, gentlemen; we have. fought 
this battle with you; we have fought this battle 
for you by our votes; you wish to leave the guns; 
•vvc will hold you to the guns, and we will fight 
together. " 
"L'hat, sir, is the truth; and if i could 
call. those gentlemen opposite upon the stand, 
they would agree with me, and make a responSe 
in the affirmative. 
Do not, then, let uS talk any 
inore about the North yielding. 
It is true, sir, we may obtain some trivial con- 
ccssions, clothed in vague generalities; but as to 
obtaining equality in the rrcrritorics, as to our 
property, as to the repeal of these liberty bills, 
(as they are called,) as to the stopping of tl'iis 
agitation of the slavery question, tell you, sir, 
it-is too absurd to suppose any such thing, and 
is a proposition not to be entertained for a single 
I say, therefore, that those gentlemen 
moment. 
from the South who anticipate concession, based 
on justice and our rights, are laborino• under a 
most singular delusion. Why is it that at this 
moment, when the whole country is agitated: the 
Pcesident elect has kept a most ominous silence? 
Why, in the language of Mr. Curran, this facti- 
tions dumbness:? Would it not have been as 
well for the President elect to have waived any 
little oflicial etiquette, and written a few lines to 
afford some views of his policy? The only man 
that has spoken, or attempted to speak for him, 
is Senator TRUMBULL, Of Illinois. He made a 
speech foreshadowing the policy of the President 
elect. What does Mr. TRUMBULL say ? He says 
that thé President clect will, among other things, 
carry out the fugitive slave law. But, he says, 
—and I wish every southern man to recollect it 
—that his interpretation of the Constitution wilt 
I be on the side of freedonl. Of course, he, as the 
Executivc nrm, will override the judiciary, by not 
regarding thie Dred Scott decision. What is 
meant by the interpretation of the Constitution 
in favor of freedom? It rncans, of' course, oppo- 
sition to slavery. Here, then, is a man elected to 
the high office of the Republican party of the 
North, who goes into power opposed 10 one of 
the great leading interests of the South. 
Now, I wish to speak a few plain words here. 
It is necessary that somebody should do so. I 
may be called a Cataline, a Robcspierre, a Danton, 
a Marat, but am willing to encounter all. those 
I epithets, and i avail myself of the occasion to 
say a few words of warning to the North. 
the North that Mississippi, Alabama, Floridq, 
be broken up, in the words of Rasselas' " to 
ening with credu\ity to the whispers of fancy." 
It is true, Mr. Speaker, that we hear no re- I Louisiana, and Texas are certain to ibllow within 
I the ensuing six months. Texas, owing to her 
ioicings over this victory. Everything is quiet. 
'It is appropriate that it should be so.- Shouts of peculiar position, is now hampered as to her ac- 
tion. Unfortunately for Texas, the hero of San 
joy now, sir, would sound rather like- the strains 
and notes from the harp of Nero, or tho discordant Jacinto is its Governor—an involuntary hero—a 
