38 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 10, 
man forced 'into the battle against his own views 
by the gallantry of his troops, who could not be 
reStrained, and who pressed forward. and gained 
the day. He was as much the hero of San Ja- 
cinto as Marshel, Ney was the hero of Yorktown. 
When Sir Walter Raleigh was writing a history, 
he saw so many different versions ofa very pla_in 
transaction •he witnessed, that he thrust his his- 
tory aside in despair, and came to the conclusion 
that there was no truth in history. I do not pre- 
tend to Say -that the Governor of Texas is pusil- 
lanimouS. Not at all. 
I would be unwilling to 
say so of any man. But I think he is wronff in 
runniner counter to the feelings of the State; and 
Té±as ma'y be compelled to commence her act.ion 
with revolution athome. [Here the hammerföll.] 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Compelled, by 
rules of the House, to vote upon the question of 
excusing the gentleman from Florida from serv- 
incr upon this committee, I desire, in a few words, 
to submit my own reasons for the vote which i 
propose to Oivc. With many of the reasons 
assigned by t.hc gentleman from Florida, l, as a 
Representative from one of the free States of this 
Union, have nothing to do; but there arc consid- 
erations which impel me, as such Representative, 
to vote for thc motion to excuse. 
It is idle, sir, to attempt to ' 'coerce" any gcn- 
tleman to serve upon this committee who assicsns 
such reasons éis tho gentleman from Florida has 
given; and in- justice to him, and to his State, but 
above all, to the very puréose of the committee 
itself, I cannot so vote. You may decline to cx- 
cuse him: you cannot compel him to discharge, 
with good will or alacrity, tho duties you impose 
upon •him; and what kind of conciliation and 
compromise is that which begins by forcing a man 
to serve upon a committee raised for thc very 
purpose of peace? What prospect, in God 's 
nmne—l speak it reverently—is there of adjust- 
ment., when' you are oblicrcd to resort to cmnpul• 
Sion to make up your committee on comprotnise 
and adjustment? 
pass by without. comment the consideration 
so earnestly pressed by the gentleman from Flor- 
ida, tl'låt this proposition with far pnorc 
propriety and effect, have come from the Repub- 
licai'l party in this House; that party that has 
just triumphed in the elccti01i which 'is thc cul- 
minüting point of all out' controversies, and of ali 
the dangers which surround us; and that, with 
great honor to himself and great and soothing 
good, 
it may have been, to t hc whole country 
full of excitement and alarm, the gentleman now 
chairman of this committee, [Mr. CORWIN,] dis- 
tinguished his age, his experience, his elo- 
quence, and his moderation—not. to speak of 
his -position as the " leader" 
(so he asserts) of 
that party—rnight have assumed upon himself 
the responsibility of the iniliative in that great 
work of reconciliation and reconstruction which 
alone can save us now, instead of allowino• it to 
bc devolved upon Representativc of that par- 
ticular spot in Vir(Finia selected by Abolition 
znadncss and wickctncss as the weakest point of 
attack along the en tire slaveholding borders of this 
Confederacy. 
I pass by also the cumbrous construction of 
this committee, with the single remark that a I 
council of war never fights, and a committee of 
thirty-three will never agree upon anyth ino—upon 
anything, certainly, not so' weak, so difused, so 
diluted, as t.o be utterly inadequate to the solution 
of the grea&est and gravest and most difficult qucs-. 
tion ever presented in modern history. I will not 
so much as st.vcycst, sir, thc possibility that the 
labors of this connnittcc will all end in nothing, and ! 
in worse than nothing; nor—approvmg carncstly 
of the motive for raising the committee—will i 
remark cvcn, as the gentleman from Florida has 
done, upon the peculiar composition of' this com- 
mittee in having men appointed upon it who rep- 
resent nobody—not even themselves—or who are 
peculiarly odious or distasteful to the sections 
from which they corne; and fitted, therefore, far 
more to embarrass and defeat, than to ad vancc, Lhc 
avowed purpose for which the committee was or- 
dered. Of course, sir, I mean no disrespect person- 
ally to theSpeaker; but in assigning my reasons for j 
refusing to coerce a gentleman to serve upon this I 
committee, I have the right, and mean to exercise 
it, of just criticisrn upon its composition, and of 
suggestion as to the probable result of its labors* 
solutcly preclude me from voting to compel any 
mau to act upon your committee The. gen- 
but he has 
tleman from Florida has alluded to it; 
not stated it quite strong enough. There is not 
one single Representative of the Democratic party 
upon this committee—not froin the Northwest alone 
—but froin the sixteen free States- of this Union east 
of Rocky Mountains. The Pacific is, indeed, 
it was " Hobson's 
represented. No thanks, sir; 
choice." There is no Republican member from 
California bcrc; although Mr. Lincoln, through 
the infinite subdivision of his opponents, has been 
enabled to secure the electoral vote of that State. 
The excellent and intelligent gentleman from Or- 
egon [Mr. STOUT] is, indeed, upon it, because he is 
fortunate in having no colleague in this House; 
though, to speak the truth, remembering the rep- 
resentation of Oregon in certain recent political 
conventions, I should not have been surprised had 
that gentleman' been supplanted by Horace Grec- 
ley; or possibly by thc member from Massachu- 
setts, [Mr. THAYER,] although that mber is, I 
suspect, a little too strongly tinctur 
, perhaps, 
with the doctrine of squatter so reignty" to 
suit. tbc times. [Laughter.] 
But, I repeat, sir, t.here is notupon your commit- 
tee one solitary Representative east of the Rocky 
Mountains, of that mighty host, numbering one 
million six hundred thousand men, which for so 
many vears has stood as a vast breakwater against 
the winds and waves of sectiogalism; and upon 
whose constituent clemcnts, at least, this country 
must still so much depend in the great events 
which are thronging thick upon us, for all hope 
of preservation now or of rcstoration hereafter. 
Sir, is any nian here insane enough to imao•incfor 
a moment that this great northern and western 
Democracy , constituting an essential part, and by 
far thc most numerous part, of that great Demo- 
cratic party which for half a century molded the 
policy and controlled the destinies of this Repu blic; 
that party which gave to the country some of the 
brightest. jewels of' which she boasts; that party 
which placed upon your statute-books every im- 
portant Incasure of enduring legislation frorn the 
beginning of the Government to this day—that 
such n sect.i01'1 of such a party is to be thqs ut- 
terly ignored, insulted, and thrust asidc as of no 
value ? 
I tell you, you mistake the character of 
the men you have to deal with. W c arc 
minority indeed, to-day, at the ballot-box; and 
we bow quietly now to the popular will thus cx- 
pressed. We are defeated, but not conquered; 
and he is as a fool in the wisdom of this world, who 
thinks that in the midst of the stirrinø and revo- 
lutionary times which are upon us, these sixteen 
hundred thousand men, born free and now tho 
equals of their brethren—men whose every pulse 
th robs with the spirit of liberty—will tamely sub- 
mit to be degraded to inferiority and reduced to 
political servitude. Never, never, while there is 
but onc man left to strike a blow at the oppressor. 
Sir, we love this Union; 
and more than that, 
we obey the Constitution. We are here a gallant 
little band of less than thirty men, but represent- 
ino• more than a million and a half of ft•ceuncn. 
We are hcre to maintain thc Constitution, which 
. makes the Union, and to exact and to yield that 
equality of rights which makes tbc Constitution 
W c are ready here to do all 
worth maintainino•. 
and to suffer all in the causc of our 
—thank God! 
—yet cormnon country; and by no vote or specch I 
or act of ours, here or cl.sewhere, shall anything 
be done to defile, 01' i:npail', or to ovcr(hrow this 
the grandest tern plc of human liberty c ver erected i 
in any age. But we demand to worship at the 
very foot of the altar; and not, as servants or ln- 
feriors, in the outer courts of tho edifice. .And. i 
sir, if the great work of the preservation or of i 
the restoration of this Government is to go on 
successfullv, let mc warn gentlemen that it is to 
this very arnoy of conservative mcn that you are , 
to look at last for its consummation. 
If tho gen- 
tlema.n from Obio, [Mr. CORWIN,] the chairman 
of this committee, would do anything effectively 
to correct public sentiment in our common State, 
it is to the two hundred and ten thousand Inen, 
not of his own party, together with such others . 
of that party as he Ilia y be able to carry over with 
hirn, that he is to trust for the vindication of such 
measures, if an v, conciliation and adjustment 
which his committee may propose, and this I-louse i 
and the Senate may adopt. So, too, it will be in 
But there is one consideration which will ab- every free State of this Union. And yet that pow- 
erful minority, reckoned by millions, and includ- 
ingua country extending from the Atlantic to the 
Rocky Mountains, made up of men by whose 
right hands this Government is to be defended 
and maintained, or restored, are as voiceless upon 
this committee as the sands upon the sea-shore. 
Can any good result from a committee so consti- 
tuted? Ought any man to be compelled to serve 
upon such a committee? 
speak now as a western man; and I thank 
the gentleman from Florida heartily for the kindly 
sentiments towards that great West, to which he 
has given utterance. Most . cordially I recipro- 
cate them, one and all. Sir, we of the Northwest 
have a deeper interest in the preservation of this 
Government in its present form, than any other 
section of the Union. Hemmed in, isolated, cut 
off from the sea-board upon every side; a thou- 
sand miles and more from the mouth of the Mis- 
sissippi, tho frec navigation of which, under the 
latv of nations, we den-land, aud will have at every 
cost; with nothing else but our other great in- 
land. seas, the lakes—and their outlet, too, through 
a foreicyn country—what is to be our destiny? Sir, 
we have fifteen hundred miles of southern fron- 
tier, and but a little narrow strip of eighty miles 
or less, from Virginia to Lake Eric, bounding 
us upon the east. Ohio is tho isthmus that con- 
nects the South with the British Possessions, and 
the East with the West. The Rocky Mountains 
separate us from the Pacific. W herc is to be our 
outlet? What are we to do when you shall have 
broken up and destroyed this Government? We 
arc seven States now, with fourteen Senators and 
fifty-one Representatives, and a population of 
ninc millions. We have an empire equal in area 
to the third of all Europe, and we do not mcan 
to be a dependency or province either of the East 
or of the South; nor yet an inferior or second- 
rate power upon this continent; and if we cannot 
secure a mantime boundary upon other terms, 
we will cleave our ',vay to the se.a-coast IVith the 
sword. A nation of warriors we may be; a tribe 
of shepherds never.—l speak it out, sir, now and 
here; yet without apprehension of any just cause 
of complaint or quarrel at any time with either 
section upon the question. 
And yet nearly one half of the people of that 
vast empire, which very soon is to perform so 
important a part in the affairs of this continent, 
are utterly ignored and excluded from this com- 
mittee. IVIore than six hundred thousand voters, 
represented here . by sixteen members upon this 
floor, are silenced and disfranchised in its arrancre- 
ment. What do you propose to do without their 
votes at home and our votes herc? Or are we 
both to accept blindly whatsocver your cornmittce 
may choose graciously to report, and be thankful 
for it? Sir, wc have one State with a Democratic 
majority upon this floor, and she, at least, had a 
right to be represented upon- your pommittee. 
1 
find no fault, personally, with the gentleman from 
that State now on the committee, [MI'. KELLOGG,] 
but the Democracy of the Northwest had a right 
to be heard, through the State of Illinois. 
Such is your committee; and I cannot and I 
will not vote to compel any man to serve upon it. 
The time is short; 
thé danger imminent; 
Inalady deep-seated and of long standing. What- 
ever is to be done must be done at once, and it 
Inust be done thoroughly. Every remedy must 
go right straight home to the seat of the disease. 
Let there be no delays, no weak inventions, no 
temporizinff expedients. Otherwise, not seces- 
Sion of a few States only, but total and absolute 
disruption of this whole Government is inevitable. 
Sir, we stand this day in the foruln of history. 
'Wc arc in the eye of posterity. We have 
solemn duties to the whole country to perform, and 
if we do not discharge them instantly, and aright— 
Not poppy, nor maudragora, 
Nor all the drowsy sirups of the wor}d, 
Shail ever medicine, us to that sweet sleep 
Which yesterday ive ow'd." 
In the name, then, of the Democracy of SIX- 
teen of the free States of this Union, I protest 
against the arranmement of this committee. My 
motives may be misinterpreted now. Be it so, 
Time in a littlc while will vindicatc them. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. It is not my purpose 
at. this time, Mr. Speaker, to go into the question 
of either the personal or sectional propriety of the 
authorship of this committee, further than to say 
that I heartily approve of the projegt of such a 
