40 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 10, 
that it would consolidate the two sections, sev- 
eraåly,- against each other in-fierce and unrelent- 
ing strife. 
Then _let us hasten, while it is not yet too late, to 
averbso lamentable axesult, and to Savo the Union, 
if possible, by mutual conciliation and concession. 
Let -us adjust all the jarring differences of the 
sections, forever,'eithG by law, or, if necessary, 
by an amendment of -thex Constitution, upon just 
and: equitable •principles. Let us - do this, and 
provo that we are still capable,of self-government. 
In: my humble opinion, this Government, what- 
ever may: be its faults, is worth more to the cause 
of; human- progress •than all the property and ail 
the:lives ofrthe people now within its jurisdiction. 
•In myjudgmcn t, it would be better for the human 
race that both people and proporty had been in- 
stantly destroyed by the hand of Omnipotent 
power; and it continue to move in the fulfillment 
of its glorious mission, than for it to be destroycd 
and we and our property continue to be. 
In excluding a million and a .half of northern 
Democrats from any representation on the cotil- 
mittee, the Republican party have proclaimcd 
entire responsibility, so far ns the North is con- 
cerrwd, for the action or non-action of the com- 
mittcc. 
If disunion and civil war should follow 
as the consequence of their persistent and doff- 
matica-l adherence to their anti-slavery proviso, 
and, to their opposition to thc principles or details 
of the fugitive slave law, the consequences will be 
on their. •heads, not on ours. 
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Speaker, 1 will not be 
guilty of the presumption of supposing that any- 
thing that I can _say by way of appeal to the gen- 
tleman from Florida will change his deliberate 
determination, or that anythino• I can address 
personally to tho House will influence the vote 
tfpon this question; but I have believed, sir, as 
my distinguished collcaoue [Mr. .TOHN COCK- 
RÆNEbthought the other åay, tl'lat the gentleman 
from 4 lorida, and the. members, at least upon this 
side of the House, would listen to an appeal in 
the nzune of the city of New York; and it is 
sir, as a Representative of that city, in the hope 
of giving expression to something or the dccp and 
universal solicitude which pervades the heart of 
that metropolis in this great crisis, that I would 
venture for a moment to claim the attention of the 
House. 
Sir; the Constitution under which we live was in- 
auguratcd in that city from the lips of Washington. 
One of the carliest votes she gave was for Thomas 
Jefferson; and the vote of that city decided thc 
election of Mr. Jcfl'e,rson, and therein the föund- 
ation of the Democratic party. She sustaihed, 
throughout, the administration of Madison. When 
treason lifted its head in other quarters, no voice 
but Ohe voice of patriotism and loyalty was al- 
losvcd to pass her borders. She. sustained the 
admin istration of Jackson th rough all its struggles , 
throughout all the grave controversies which then 
imperiled the Union of these States. She has 
never given a vote that has looked to one section 
in disparagement of another. • Every instinct, 
every thought, cvcry purpose of the City of New 
York is, as her record pro ves, national, patriotic, 
It is in tbc naune, t 
American . 
, of such a 
people, with such a record, that I would venture 
to appeal to men on all sides of this Chamber for 
that moderation, that devotion to duty, yea, even 
the self-sacrifice, •qvhich are necessary in this 
crisis. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the great dangers of the 
day is that the country has not understood, and 
does not understand, the extent of the peril in 
which it is placed. Illusions have usurped tl'iC 
place of reason 'in the popular mind. These il- 
lusions beguile us for the moment, only to plunge 
us into graver situations. Does any man on this 
floor suppose that it', 
in the month of October, 
the masses of the North have realized what 
they now see to be the' sad truth, we would 
stand now where we are, on the verge of dissolu- 
tion? No man who knows the American people 
has the crcdufity to believe that. The country 
has been fatally deceived, and some of thesc 
illusions possess us even now. One of thcm is 
sition, yet at last the strong arm of power will 
interpose and stay the Work. I, for One, -Mr.. 
Speaker, have never for a moment entertained 
such a thought. 
It is not the belief or opinion 
of the people whom I represent; and I must say 
to you, in all solemnity, that while thc city of 
New York will cling to tho Union to the last; 
while she will look on the last hour of its ex- 
istence as we would upon the setting sun if we 
were never to see it more; yet when the call for 
force comes—let it come whence it may—no man 
will ever pass the boundaries of the city of New 
fork for the purpose of waginm war against any 
State of this Union, which, through its consti- 
tuted authorities, and sustained by the voice of its 
people, solemnly declares that its rights, its inter- 
ests, and its honor, demand that it should seek 
safety in a separate existence. I mean by that, 
sir, not to class myself among those who do not love 
the Union, for it has no more loyal citizens than 
those of tho city of New York, for whom I under- 
take to speak to-day. I simply mean to discharge 
my duty in endeavoring to contribute something 
towards dispelling the hallucination that exists in 
many places—yes, sir, in distinguished places— 
that the Union is to be preserved by armies. Sir, 
the Union can be madc perpetual by justice; but 
it cannot be maintained an instant by forcc. If 
that truth -had been graven deep in the hearts of 
the people, North, East, and West, and led to 
the conscientious recognition of constitutional 
obligations, all would have been well; and until 
these truths are recoghized throughout the land 
we cannot have peace. 
I look upon secession as the last dread alter- 
native of a free State whcn it has to choose between 
liberty and injustice. In our Federal system the 
recognized right of secession is a conservative 
safeguard.. is the highest constitutional and 
moral guarantee against injustice; and therefore, 
if it had been always and' universally acknowl- 
edged as a rightful remedy, it would have contrib- 
uted more than all else to perpetuate the Union, 
I by compelling the observance of all their obliga- 
tions on the part of' ail the States. The oppo- 
site dogma, which is so extensively believed at 
ihe North, that no matter what wrongs a State 
rnay have to endure, it may and ou ht to be com- 
pellcd by force tö remain in the nion, even as 
a conquered dependency, IS a most dangerous 
error in our system of government, and has con- 
tributed largely to tile existing anarchy. 
Another illusion, Mr. Speaker, is that the re- 
sponsibility of dealing with this crisis, and thc 
power to deal with it, is in thc South. I do not 
so understand it. They have their share of re- 
sponsibility. Deep and heavy it is, I am sure; 
and nonc are more sensible of it than they who 
carry thc burden. I have no doubt they will act 
in full view of all their just responsibilities. But, 
sir, the southern Representatives on this floor 
cannot if they would, no r•natter What personal 
sacrifices they may deem it their duty to make, 
arrest the Inovement which has already enlisted 
the support of the great masses of the southern 
people—certainly the greater part of the popula- 
tion of several Important States, and sufficient}' 
to precipitate the most dreadful events upon us,i 
I bclicve, tne people of the city of Né•-w York 
believe, that the responsibility of dealing with 
the existino• state of things, and the power to 
deal with it effectively, rest alone on the Repub- 
lican leaders; on those who have just achieved, 
through the recent election, power in the Federal 
Government; on those who control; by over- 
whelming majorities, the Legislatures of Ilorther_n 
States. There the responsibility rests. The coun- 
try will place it there; Europe and America will 
place it there; history will place it there. What- 
ever the consequence may be, in the judgment of 
history and in the estimation of posterity, they 
will bc held responsible. 
I think the country 
will regard the absolute silence which they have 
thus far preserved as at least contemptuous, if not 
reckless of the dearest interests of the nation. 
But that is a question for them to consider. 
When the pioneer sees the billows of flame 
rolling over the burning prairie, hc does not waste 
slave already hears across the border the whis- 
poring emissary of insurrection, who has been 
suffered unrebuked to proclaim his infamous plots 
aloud in the streets and churches of the North; 
now, when the family and fireside •appeal for 
protection, is this a time' to ask,the representatives 
of southern States to abandon their measures of 
self-defense, and resume the weary task of per- 
suading the demagogues and the fanatics of ot.her 
States to undo the irreparable wrong which has 
been committed? No, no. Let the representa- 
tives of the agcressive States at the other end of 
the Capitol, and here, speak to their people. Let 
the Legislatures of the northern States be con- 
vened, and let them act. Let the sealed lips of 
the Medusa head at Springfield be opened, and 
send back to their caverns the mad winds which 
are driving our good ship of State to destruction. 
Again I say, those who are responsible in this 
crisis must not be allowed to hide themselves nor 
to shrink from their duty. We must keep stead- 
ily in our eyes those wit.h whom the power rests 
to rescue the country from its peril; and therefore 
I do not concur in some of the criticisms which 
have been made upon the organization of this com- 
mittee by the Speaker. 
i would have been pleased 
to see the honofable gcntleman from Ohio who 
last addressed the House [Mr. VALLANDIGHAM] 
upon the committcc. I would be pleased to see 
the distinguished gentleman fro&l Illinois [Mr. 
MCCLERNAND] likewise upon the committee. My 
constituents would have been glad to be assured 
of their knowledge, their assiduity, their patriot- 
ism, in the councils of that committee; but these 
gentlemen, unf'ortunately, are not in a position to 
speak for the Legislatures of Obio and Illinois; 
and I think it was the part of wisdom, I think it 
was eminently proper and just in the Speaker, to 
place upon that committee leading members of the 
dominant party of this House and of the country; 
and especially was it right to place upon that com- 
mittee, from every State, men identified with the 
party that controls the legislation of such State. 
So far as this has been done by the Speaker, I am 
prepared to commend his action in the discharge 
of his diflicult and delicate duty. 
It is suggested to me, as a cheering sign, that 
none of the gentlemcn on the Republican side of 
thc chamber have asked to be excused from ser- 
vice on this committee; it is regarded as an evi- 
dence that they are willing to meet the issue; that 
they are prepared to deal with the questions of the 
day one way or the other; that they are prepared 
to confer with their people at home, and see if 
there be such assurance of concession as will be 
just to the South and will enable us to go on Lo- 
gether as one people; or whether, on the other 
hand, it is impossible to preserve peace between 
the sections; that ther&is no hope left for the Con- 
federacy; that the party controlling the legislation 
of the northern States is willing to take .the re- 
sponsibili ty, before God and the country, of break- 
ing up the Confederacy, rather than tolerate sla- 
very within the Union. I arn glad, therefore, that 
these gentlemen have been placed upon this com- 
mittee. 
If were to allow myself to make any 
criticism upon the composition of the committee, 
it would be the expression of a regret that gentle- 
men even more prominent—more ultra, if you 
will; more closely identified with the real life and 
strength of Ibe Republican party—were not placed 
upon it. 
I would like to see in this House, and 
in the Senate, committees composed largely of 
men who are authorized to speak for the Repub- 
lican party; of men who are intimate in the coun- 
sels of the President elect; of men whose voice is 
potential. in the Legislatures of their respective 
States; and then, if they are willing to bring be- 
fore this Congress a report recommending meas- 
ures which gentlemen from the South can accept 
and go horne to their constituents and ask them 
to accept, there is some prospect, at least some 
possibility, of from this crisis with dig- 
nit y, with success, and with honor. Othcrwisc 
there is none. The sad question that we would 
have. alone to consider then would be, how to 
terminate this work which was so gloriously 
begun, and which has been, thus far, so success- 
that this Union can be preserved by force; .men the precious moments in a hopeless struggle fully conducted. 
believe that although wc may be at thc moment I against the intangible foe; but he hastens to his Mr-. Speaker, I hear a great deal said of propo- 
menaced by disunion, and although incipient 
cabin, and, gathering around hill) his family, sitions to amend the Constitution. I trust that 
movements toward it may be attemptcd without 
Icads them to a place of security. So the South, 
there may be some reason to expect justice and 
interference, and may be, _ perbaps, brought to when the cry of extermination acrainst their in- 
conciliation through that channel. But, sir, for 
the very verge of consummation without oppo- 
stitutions has reached their frontiers; when the one, I have a deep distrust of the capacity of this 
