1860. 
generation, and especially of any of the men of 
'-the Republican party, from whom the denuncia- 
tions of the present Constitution have Come, to 
make a Constitution that shall succeed where the 
genius, the wisdom, and the patriotism of Wash- 
ington and Madison and Hamilton faited. 
Nay, more, sir; what is the rbal cause of our 
present trouble? It is a disregard of the obliga- 
tions of our Constitution. Obey this Constitu- 
tion that we have, follow it, cherish it, cleave to 
it as an article of faith, and you will have peace 
If that had been done always, this crisis 
never would have come upon us. But if there be 
not enough of conscience among the people to 
obey the Constitution made sacred by the inspi- 
• ration of our fathers, where will you look for the 
sanctions that wikl preserve inviolate. a Constitu- 
tion manufactured by Giddings and SEWARD and 
SUMNER? Sir, I despair of seeking in the North 
any public conscience that would have more rev- 
ereue for the x,vork of this generation than for 
the work of the men of the heroic age of the Re- 
Again, I say that one of the great evils of the 
times is the obdurate refusal to recvnize the bind- 
inm force of constitutional provisions. The peo- 
ple have been taught this by reckless leaders now 
m power in most of the States, and soon to claim 
the power of the Federal Government; and I re- 
peat, t,l'H1t it is upon thorn that thc responsibility 
rests in this- emergency. •They have striven, in 
speeches and essays elaborately prepared by the 
midnight lamp, to alienate the North and the 
South. These insidious appeals arc often written 
or revised by those who believe that private opin- 
ion is superior to constitutional obligations—the 
hiryher law put forth here and sent from this Cap- 
itol in untold millions, to undermine the founda- 
tions of fraternal good faith. Thus, sir, by teach- 
ing untrutti to the people they have been made to 
believe that their consciences were not bound by 
the Constitution or the law of the land. In the 
nan')e of Heaven, how idle it is to talks in the face 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
41 
present state of affairs, has bccn the desire for 
power on the part of a new party, and the belief 
that they could most successfully obtain it by an 
appeal to thc prejudices of the North against sla- 
It is power 
very. It is power that they want. 
that they have secured. It is power that they 
wish to keep. Patriotism will sway many of Mr. 
Lincoln's supporters; but the thirst for power 
will control more. Now, sir, to illustrate what 
think with refcrcnce to tlie controlling motives 
which are producing this state of ihings, -be- 
lieve that if Mr. Lincoln would cause It to be 
madc to all the applicants for offce under 
Ilis Administration, that he will not entertain {he 
application of any man who is in favor of the 
so-called personal libcrty bills, or opposed to the 
faithful execution of the fugitive slave 'law—if he 
will do that, plainly and in good faith, through 
his representative men, you will not hear the 
word " slavery" for the next four years from the 
Republican party North, East, or West. 
In this remark, I protest that I mean only an 
illustration of what I believe to be the real power 
of the leaders in this anti-slavery crusade, and 
of their ability to control those who •direct the 
legislation and the organization of the Republican 
party. The rank and file, many of them, have 
public indignation from- bfeakingi1i:t9tUmultand 
revolution. Regiment after regimenti artillery, 
infantry, and cavalry, have beenarrayed -to: over- 
awe the fierce passions which tyrannical 'legislation 
aroused among the multitude Of Otu€cibizens. 
But the reverence- of the,peopiO.for constitu- 
tional obligations yet remained, and they- 'have 
submitted year after year. When -that restraint 
shall no longer exist; when the obligation Of t:höse 
constitutional provisions, which forbid- the- divi- 
Sion of -ti State without its own consent; Shall:be 
suspended, then I tell you that imperial city will 
throw off the odious government to which, She 
now yields a reluctant allegiance; she will repel i 
the hateful cabal at Albany, which, has so long 
abused its powerover her; and vith -her own Aag,• 
sustained by the couraoe and devotion of heu•own 
gallant sons, she will, as a free e.ily, open wide 
her gates to the civilization and commerce of the 
world. 
Mr. Speaker, I have not presumed that any 
words which I could address to the House would 
influence its action, and I did not intend to oc- 
cupy so much of the time of the House. But I 
thought it right to make known what believe to 
be the convictions of my constituents. I thought 
it right and becoming that some further expres- 
other and more disinterested motives than the I Sion of the sentiment' of the city of New York, not 
pursuit of office; but the men v,zho will seek office only upon the dangers, but upon the illusions of 
in the Republican party, are the men who control 
its movements everywhere, its public expressions, 
It is only necessary to 
and its public action. 
make them understand that they must go to work 
and rescue the country from tho peril to w.hich it 
has been brought by some of their own leaders, 
so that they may have a Treasury and a Blue 
Book left from which thercare offces to distribute 
and patronage to bestow; and then, sir, you will 
escape the perils of dissolution by the very means 
through which the evil has been brought upon us, 
and not until then. 
"NOW, sir, as to the attitude of the city of New 
'York. She will cling to this Union while there isa 
'hope left for its presérvation, andshc will hold all 
men toa just accountability for whatever woe shall 
tion when none of those who foldow the leaders I 
refer to care whether it is obeyed or not! What I betide the Confederacy; but when there is no 
a mockery it would be to go before the Legisla- 
ture of a State which has a personal liberty bill 
upon its statute-books, and ask them foran amend- 
ment to the Constitution! When men will keep 
such laws in force after they have taken a solemn 
oath, before high Heaven, to support the Consti- 
tution, could you believe any pledge they can 
make? Would you allow them to deface, by in- 
amendments, the symmetry of a Con- 
stitution which they have boastfully and defiantly 
violated? Such men are well fitted to destroy a 
nation; they cannot save it, they will not give it 
peace. 
No, sir, tho work must oegin deeper than that. 
The same teachers who have led the minds of the 
people. to this unbelief, the same leaders who have 
enticed the pcople up to the work of demolishing 
the existing Constitution, must again revive in 
their hearts the conscience that will préerve and 
obey a Constitution. The Democratic party can- 
sentatives and Senators cannot do thi.•; for wb 
have, in every canvass, from every hustings, from 
every newspaper, and through every legitimate 
channel, warned the people ayainst the conse- 
quences of the course which they have been pur- 
suing. There is no need, therefore, for expres- 
si.ons or guarantees or concessions from that 
quarter; but the country will look acain and 
again; and will never cease to look to the leaders 
of the dominant party in this country for the 
measures, for the teachings, for the appeals which 
will- prevent the demon of anarchy from making 
havoc in our land. 
Mr. Speaker, why may not the. President elect 
speak to the. nation, and especially to his sup- 
porters in the aggressive States? He is secure 
There is no now, as was suggested some 
time ago, that he might lose his oflice by open- 
ing his lips. The electoral colleges have qnet, 
and their votes cannot be recalled. Sir, I hope 
that it is not beneath the dignity of the occasion, 
or the gravity of the subject, for me to sugffest 
an illustration of my view in respect of the iriflu- 
ence which could be exercised by words of con- 
among the chief causes which have produced the 
longer a Union, proud as she is, and has been 
always, of her position as its metropolis, ready 
to bury everything like sectional prejudice, ready 
always to contribute in all things to maintain its 
honor and preserve its integrity at home and 
abroad; yet, sir, when this Union is no more, she 
will never consent to re:nain an appendage and a 
slave ofa Puritan province. Shc will assert her 
own independence. North will then see and 
feel that secession, although it rnay begin at the 
South, will not end at the South. Sir, there is no 
sympat.hy now between the city and the State of 
New York—not the least—nor has there been for 
years. The city of New York is now a subju- 
gated dependency of a fanatical and puritanical 
State government, that never thinks of the city 
except to send its tax gatherers amonff us, Or to 
impose upon us hatcfui officials, alien to our in- 
teresls and sympathies, to eat up tbc substance of 
the people by their legalized extortions. - Such are 
thc relations which liave existed for years between 
the city of New York and the State—ever since 
the pres6n t dominant party in thatState has been in 
power. That party has a standingarmy of police- 
men in our city, which we have to pay for. its Le- I 
gislature has forced upon us taxation to the amount 
of millions to maintann a State government which 
never approaches us except to oppress us. Be- 
tween such communities there can bc no sympa- 
thy, no feeling of fraternity, no loyalty in the city 
to the State; and nothing has prevented the city 
of New York from asserting her right to govern 
herself except that provision of the Federat Con- 
slitution which prohibits a State from being di- 
vided withoutits own consent. If we had not been 
thus restrained by the Constitution-=and every 
word of it is sacred to us—we would long ago, in 
the day, should be made. 
I shall be very reluctant to give a vote that will 
constrain the gentleman from Florida, against his 
better judgment, to serve upon this committee. I 
shall regret in any form to compel agentlcman to 
occupy a position when he states it to be -his sin- 
cere belief that•he cannot render any good service 
there; and yet should deplore to see any State 
unrepresented upon that committee. The hopes 
and the fears of those whose solicitude is now 
occupied with the condition of this country, will 
go to the council-chambcrs of -that committee. 
The rights, the interests, and the opinions of 
every State, ought to be represented there. Whilc 
I cannot, of course, permit myself to criticise 
the judgment which the gentleman from Florida 
places upon his own duty, yet J cannot bring 
myself to believe that _it ßÆonsistent with. the 
obligations resting upon every State; or that it is 
consistent with the duties we yet ovc to each 
other, that any State should, through its Repre- 
sentativc, refuse to contribute at least his time, 
his attention, hi? conscientious and earnest efforts, 
in connection with the Representatives of associate 
States, to devise sonle- mode by which we can be 
extricated from our present danger. 
Sir, as a single star cannot be displaced' from the 
constellation above us, without destroying the 
equilibrium of the systeln, so can we not, without 
a fearful disregard of duty, displace one star from 
that committee, 10 which, perhaps, tho very des- 
tinies of the Union arc committed. Fully con- 
scious of my intlbiliby to meet the demands of 
this occasion, when it is only the voice of com- 
yet again, I would impersonate my city; liberty, 
patriotism, and justice, illuminate her 'counte- 
nance; she extends her arms, as if to embrace a 
sister, to every State; on 'her brow is thc diadem 
of empire; on her 'shield is her motto, " Excel- 
' peace;" and I will summon into 
iotT accents, 
this presence the august form of that noble city, 
and ask you- to hear and hoed her appeal. 
TREASURY NOTE BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is not my 
purpose to in this debate; but it is neces- 
sary to pass to-day a Treasury note bill in order 
to relieve the pressing necessities of the Govern- 
1' hope, therefore, that without objection, 
ment. 
we may put upon its passarc a bill for that pur- 
pose which am. instructed to report from the 
Committee of 'Ways and Means. 
Mr. CRMVFORD. The gentleman from Ohio 
accordance with the desire of three fourths of our 
pcople, have sought in independence the only I will remember that I desire to offer amendments 
escape from the oppression which has been put 
offering those amendments, I have no objection 
to its boing considered at any time that suits the 
upon us. 
What I say to you now is no new thought in 
the city cf New York. It has bccn the cherished chairman of tho Committee of Ways and Means. 
theme of otu• citizens for years past. Our city Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to a 
had upon the amendments. -I shdll,as 
has been brought to the very verge of' anarchy vote being 
and civil war by the oppressions and insults of a matter of course, vote against them. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. so 1 understand. 
the State government; armed men havebeen mar- 
shaled in the streets night and day to prevent the I Mr. SHERMAN. I ask unanimous consent 
