42 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 10, 
to bill, and that it be considered at this 
time. 
There being ho objection, a bill to authorize tho 
issue of Treasury notes and for other purposes 
was read a first and second time by its title. 
The bill was then read in ectenso. It author- 
izes the issue, under the usual regulations and up 
to 1863, of Treasury notes for such sums as the 
exigencies of the public service may require, not 
at any time to exceed the amount of $10,000,000, 
and of denominations not less than $100. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, the House 
will perceive that the bill now before us is a mere 
temporary expedient to provide fop the pressing 
demands upon the Treasury. Most of the mem- 
bers•re aware that the Government has not Keen 
able to pay, for the last week or two, our own 
Salaries, and many other demands at New York 
and other places. The revenues have fallen short 
during the iast week, amounting, I believe, to but 
#250,000. Most of the revenues are now paid in 
r reasury notes. This bill authorizes the issue 
of $10,000,000 of Treasury notes for temporary 
purposes. It docs not increase the public debi. 
It only provides a mode of paying outstanding 
Treasury notes-. The amount of Treasury notcs 
now outstanding is indeed in oxcess•ofthe amount 
authorized by this bill; so that the bill provides 
for no increasc of the public debt. 
[ might here rcst what I have to say about this 
bill; but it is proper for me to add that it will be 
necessary the House very st)on and promptly 
to consider some other measures of relief. On 
the 1st of July last there was in thc Treasury 
$3,629,206, a balance entirclytoosmall to carry on 
the ordinary operations of the rrreasury. Durino• 
the first quarter of tho fiscal year thc expenditures 
exceeded the reccipts some two hundred thousand 
dollars, and thero are now unpaid appropriations 
to the amount of ten or fifteen millions. 
The receipts during the cu rrentquarten• will prob- 
ably fall short several millions of the necessary 
expenditures; and, if I.ve arc to judge froin the 
temper of the limes, thc distress in [hc country, 
and the politicai difficulties that surround us, it is 
probable that during the remaining three quarters 
of this fiscal year there wilt be a dcficicncy of from 
ten to fiftee'n million dollars. This is not the fault 
of this House; but it is the fault of our revcnuc 
laws. For the last three years we have been living 
uporr the credit of the Government. 
I have. a pa- 
per before me showing that since the 1st of July, 
1857,' we have been going in debt to the extent of 
nearly fifty million dollars. 
In the fiscal year 
June, 1858, the dcficicncy , or cxcess of 
payments over revcnuc, amounted to #27,162,188. 
In the next fiscal year it amounted to $15,902,932. 
l)uring the last fiscal year if amounted to the sum 
of $6,725,000; and according to the statement 
alrcady made, during the present fiscal year, tl'hC 
deficiency has been hot less than from fifteen to 
twenty million dollars. 
I have prepared a state- 
ment which shows at a glance the changed condi- 
tion of state of our finances in three ycars: 
On the 1st day of July, 1857, the ent.lre dcbt of Governrncnt, 
after thc balance then in the "Treasury, was 
63, as follows : 
Publié debt... .... .... . . . 
. ..... .... 90 
Balance in 'l'reasury.......... 
27 
63 
On thc 1st day or July, 1858, 
order to preserve the credit of the Government, States that this or any other loan bill should pass, 
{Unded debt was. , . 
'l'rcasury notes.... 
Total debt. ... . 
balance in 'Treasury.... 
On the Ist- day of July, 
fuudcd debt was 
Treasury notes.... .... 
'l'ota) debt.... .. 
Balance in 'l'reasury.... 
1859, 
the amount of the entire 
66 
00 
66 
10 
56 
the amount of the entire 
69 
64 
58,754.669 33 
4,339$275 54 
79 
the amount of the entire 
On the 1st day of July, 1860, 
funded debt was.... .. .. 
Treasury notes.... . 
Total debt.... 
Balancc in 'I'reasury......, . . 
It is manifest, therefore, 
00 
3,629,206 00 
oo 
ought to make some change in the revenuc laws, 
or to decrease the expenditures. W c must cither, 
by a bold stroke, reduce tho expenditures to 
fifteen or twenty million dollars, or contract new 
loans, or raise new revenues. The bill now 
pending in the Senate, I need not inform the 
members of the House, authorizes a loan- of 
some $20,000,000, and, in addition to that, pro- 
vides for increasing the revenue. 
If that bill 
should pass, and if the present disturbed political 
condition of the country be healed up, then the 
annual revenue ••xvould amply cover our expendi- 
tures upon thc basis of existing laws and salaries; 
but with the present diflieulties, and with our 
prcsent revenue laws, it is manifest that this bill 
will not bc the last loan bill or the last Treasury 
note bill that the Committee of Ways and Means 
will have to report to the House. The provisions 
of the bill are similar to the provisions of the act 
of 1857. It simply authorizes a temporary loan, 
and provides that that part of the loan authorized 
by the act of 22d June last, not already contracted 
for, shall be applied to the redemption of out• 
standing Treasury notes. This is all the state- 
ment that I desire to make. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 have two amendments 
which I desire to present to this bill, and I want 
a votc of the House on each of them separately. 
The first amendment I propose to have inserted 
in the third section of tho bill, and in these 
words: 
And thc public lands of these United States arc specifi- 
cally plcdged to such paytnent and redem ption. It is herc- 
by mado the duty of thc Secretary of tbc 'Ilreasury to set 
apart and apply all rnoneys which may be received into the 
Treasury from the sales of public lands from the 1st day of 
January, 1861; to such payunent and redcrnption, until all 
thc notes issued under the present. authority shall bc entirely 
paid off according to the obligation expressed therein. 
I desirc to say, in support of this amendment, 
that I havo bccn at all tinws in favor of this dis- 
position of thc public lands. 
I think it is right 
and proper that tho public lands should be sot 
apart for the paymcnt of the public debt of the 
country, and that. they should bc used for that 
purpose alone. I will say to the House, in addi- 
tion, that thcrc are reasons now operatincy on in y 
mind lvhich make it the more important that we 
who are of the opinion that there can be no per- 
manent peace between the North and South should 
the more rigidly ask of our friends of the North 
who intend to do us justice that they shall set 
apart and specificallyåppropriatc the money aris- 
ing from the sales of public lands to meet the 
public debt. We do not desire, in any settlement 
or negotiation that may follow the events now 
pressing upon us, to be called upon by the re- 
maining States to bring forward from our States 
that may retire from the Confederacy any quota 
of thc public debt, so long as the agent of the ori- 
ginal States shall retain all the assets in its hands 
which we hold ought to be appropriated for that 
It is for these reasons that I desire a 
purpose. 
vote on this amcndmcnt, as well as for the rea- 
son that I bclieve it is the proper disposition to 
makc of thc proceeds of Lhc sales of the public 
cven if' there was no such contingency as 
that to which I have alluded. 
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest to the gentle- 
man from Georgia that he will accornplish his 
purpose by the first portion of his amendment, 
specifically pledging the proceeds arising from 
the sales of public lands for the redemption of the 
Treasury notes authorized to be issued by this 
act. That would accdmplish his object, without 
hav ing this other matter of detail presented, which 
might cause some trouble in the appropriation of 
money. The money is needed at present. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 cannot agree to the 
proposition of the gentlernan from Missouri. 
IS that I should strike off from the amendment 
which I- have proposed all except the words 
specifically pledging the public lands to the pay- 
mcnt. of the debt. 
I propose not only to pledge 
specifically the public lands to the payment of this 
debt, but also to appropriate all the money that 
may bc received after the 1st of January next, from 
the sales of public lands, to the payrnent of these 
Treasury notes. 
I therefore desire that the vote 
of the House shall be first had on the entire 
amendment; and if it should be defeated, then 
the gentlernan from Missouri can offer so much 
of it as he has indicated his desire to support. 
1 
that the House, in do not think it just to the people of the southern 
and that the public lands should be given away 
for purposes of internal improvement, or to the 
people of the free States for homesteads, while 
they are the assets of a common Government, 
and ought to be appropriated to the payment 
of such- pubhc*debt as may be due from these 
United States. More particularly is this so, 
when it is to be expected that in all probability 
the public debt would be a subject-matter of ne- 
gotiation between the retiring States and the 
others. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 ask the gentleman 
i from Georgia on what principle of public justice 
and fair dealing ho asks that a discrirrnnation 
should be made in favor of the debt now about to 
be contracted ? 
Mr. CRAWFORD. If the gentleman will go 
back to some of the old loan bills passed by Con- 
gress, hc wihl find that the public lands havc been 
specifically pledged for the paymentof that debt. 
And I say to thc gentleman that, independent of 
any action which ihe southern States may take, 
it is nothing but right and proper that, in the 
peculiar embarrassment undcr which the Treas- 
ury now labors, we should provide a sufficient 
security, so that the notes should not be sold be- 
low par. 
I believe they would be all taken by 
the creditors of the Government at par; but I 
think that, with this additional security, the notes 
will pass from hand to hand at par, which would 
be important. 
So much for that amendment. 
I do not care 
to multiply remarks on that branch of the sub- 
ject. But I will state now, that in the fifteen th 
scction of the bill I desire this amendment: 
That so much of' thc act entitled ' 'An act authorizing a 
loan and providing for the redemption of Treasury notes," 
approved June 22, 1860, as empowers the President to bor- 
row a sum exceeding $10,000,000, is hereby repealed, it 
being intended that the arnount of Treasury notes author- 
ized"by the present act shall take the place of said loan 
beyond the sum of already contracted for, 
The object of the amcndment is this: last 
Junc Congress authorized a loan of $20,000,000. 
will be remembered by the House, that on the 
passacrc of that •bill I desired to have Treasury 
notcs issued instead of having a loan contracted. 
'The House did not agree with me on that point, 
and was not favorable to thc issuing of Treasury 
I notes. The. consequence was, that I was forced to 
take the loan bill which passed on the 22d of June, 
just as it had been offered by my colleague on the 
Committee of Ways and Means, the gentleman 
from Maryland, L Mr. DAVIs.] 
If we llåd passed then a T 1 easury note bill, I 
have been informed by the Department that the 
Government could have got along without the 
slightcst cmbarrassment; but that the loan bill did 
not afford them the sarne opportunity of relieving 
the Government of' its embarrassments. And 
therefore it is that the necessity arises now for 
the passage of a Treasury note bill, or else sacri- 
fice $10,000,000 of the loan bill of the last ses- 
sion. When I say sacrifice, I mean that it could 
not bc •sold or negotiated except at a discount 
much greater than the offccrs of the Government 
would bc willing to pay. 
But lam informed by the offcers at the Treas- 
ury Department that, with these of 
Treasury notes, they will not need for thc present 
the ten or eleven million dollars of the loan of the 
last session, which is still subject to the disposal 
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and wklich he 
would be authorized at any time to negotiate, 
whenever it could be done on reasonable terms; 
which, as I have said, cannot be done at present. 
I therefore propose, inasmuch as this is to be a 
substitute for the remainder of the loan author- 
ized in the last session, that the remainder of that 
loan shall not bc negotiated. 
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no particular objection 
to the bill as reported by the Committee of' Ways 
and Means. 
I have certainly not had an oppor- 
tunity of examining it as I would like to do before 
voting upon it; but, as at present advised, I shall 
vote the bill. 
I dc not regard the amendment proposed bv the 
gentleman from Georgia as very essential in" any 
of its aspects. 
I will not, hosvever,on this occa- 
sion, attempt to discuss the grave questions of 
finance which naturally grow out of tbe measure 
before the House. 
wish simply to remark to 
the gentleman from Georgia, that, so far as his 
amendment pledging the public lands for the re- 
