43 
1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
demption of these Treasury notes is concerned, I 
regard it as entirely unimportant. Whether the 
pledge is made by the terms of the bill or not, the 
redemption of such Treasury notes as shall be 
issued will rest upon the faith of the Government. 
Whenever the Government of the United States 
proposes to make a loan in any shape, of course 
Its täith, as well as its property of cvcry descrip- 
tion, stands pledged for the redemption of that 
loan; and in this case, for the Government spe- 
cifically to pledge the public lands on any other 
description of public property, in my view, adds 
If, under any circumstances growing out of 
the existing state of things, there should bc the 
result of a disruption of the Government and a 
division of the States of the Union; if some of the 
States shall separate from the Government as it 
now exists, and a negotiation should occur, rc- 
sulting in a portion of the public debt devolving 
upon the seceding States, as a matter of course 
all thc public lands or assets of the Government 
will be divided equally with the debt; and it is 
therefore a matter of littlc consequence whether 
we pledge the public lands or not. If the disrup- 
tion takes place, these things must necessarily 
If, in the set- 
conform in the act of settlernent. 
tlement with the States seceding, justicc rcquircs 
sumed by them, the same principles of justice 
and equity will require as well the distribution to 
them of a like portion of the property of the Gov- 
ernment. Hence I regard the proposition of the 
gentleman from Georgia as unimportant in either 
aspect in which hc has presented it, whether as 
these Treasury notes •to those who may be called 
upon to receive them, or in view of the threat- 
ened disruption of the Union. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say, with the 
consent of the gentleman from Alabama, that he 
has taken into consideration, in his remarks, only 
the first portion of my amendment. T hc second 
portion of my amendment, touching the public 
lands, requires that all the money rcceived into 
the rl'reasury after the 1st January, 1861, from 
the. sales of the public lands, shall be set apart for 
such a provision would be well enough; but in 
the event of its runnin« over, I do not see any 
object to be accomplished by it. 
In that view of the case, possibly the latter part 
of this provision might give greater confidence, 
and cause these securities to pass without dis- 
count. 
Mr. Speaker, the main purpose for which I 
rose to address the House in a few remarks on 
this bill, was to reply to the suggestion of the 
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means, 
[Mr. SHERMAN,] and not with any view to go into 
a general discussion of our revenue and finances. 
I presume, sir, that none of us desire to do any 
I understood the chair- 
such thing at this time. 
man of the Committee of Ways and Means to 
state, that the troubles in the financial operations 
of the Government, which now secm to impend 
over us, grew out of the defects in the existing 
revenue law. 1 may be mistaken, because I 
know how difficult it is to be heard across the 
Hali. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Ala- 
bama misapprehends what I said. I said that 
aside from all political troubles, all political dis- 
tractions, the revenue now raiscd was not sum- 
cicnt to meet the expenditurcs of the Government; 
that for the last three years x,ve have been con- 
stantly running into debt, at a time, too, when 
nobody thought of secession or any question of 
the kind; and that, therefore, it was necessary 
either to reduce the expenditures or to increase 
the duties on ilnport.s in order to raise a larger 
revenue. That is what I said. 
Mr. HOUSTON. Any change of the, revenue 
laws at this time, sir, would not only bc futilc as 
a rcmcdy for existi1V pecuniary difficulties, but 
it would cvcn be ari act of rashness. The rev- 
enue law under which we are now collectincr our 
revenue has existed only for three years. Shortly 
after it was enacted and became the law of the 
land, we had a financial crisis which reduced the 
importations from foreicrn countries, and conse- 
quenlly }argety curtailed the amount of the rev- 
enuc of the Government. That could not have 
been caused by the change of thc law from that 
which existed prior to thc law o? 1857, for Khe 
It wasa 
gentleman from Ohio,.s he has since explained 
himself. Being an advocate of the general- prin- 
ciples of the laws of 1846 and '185-7, I was unwill- 
ing to sit quietly by and permit a remark, which 
I undefstood him to have made; to pass without 
saying as much as I have done. 
latter reduced the duties upon imports. 
tleman only replied to that portion which pledegd relief from thc restrictions upon importation to 
the public lands to the final redemption or pay- the extent of that reduction, and there naturally 
I desire that the fund out of ought to have been an increasc and nota reduction 
ment of this debt. 
would have bcen the natural re- 
which it is to be paid shall be provided for out of imports. 
sult of the change under other circunostance.s, but, 
of the sales of the public lands as weli as to se- 
sir, owing to the crisis I have already referred to, 
cure their passage from hand to hand from the 
such was not the result; and now, just as we have 
Government at their par value. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. The question has been recovered fron') Lhe troubles of 1857, we are acrain , 
I three years afterwards, n)et by another financial 
in pledging the public lands of the Government crisis, caused by transactions and circumstances 
-l wholly disconnected from the legitiinate exercise 
believe the gen 
for the payment of its debts. 
tleman from Alabama and myself are the only ' of our rcvcnue laws. Events have transpired in 
members present who vvre.re upon this floor in• akl portions of tho country which have destroyed 
1846, during the existence of the Mexican war. the confidence of our fellow-citizens, one in the 
At that tirne a proposition was passed for the ne- other. They have destroyed thc confidence of our 
people in your banking system and in all your 
gotiation of a loan, or the issue of Treasw•y notes; 
commercial operations. 
and, if I am not mistaken, the proceeds of the 
The country cannot be relieveQ Illitil this crisis 
sales of the public lands were pledged for the pay- 
ment of the debt then authorized to bc created. i has passed; until matters are settled in some way I 
by which we will have permanence, stability; by 
So far as I can recollect, that was the kast occa- 
.sion on which a law has been passed pledging the which, sir, we will understand what we are doing; 
public lands for the payment of tb.e (lcbts of the I when our commerce will again resume its natural 
Government. The gefitleman frorn Alabama is activity, and go on prosperously, as it was doing 
conversant with the financial history of the Gov- not many months since. 
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, he fully 
ernment; and I desire to ask him whethec thero 
sustains the accuracy of the view 1 present. 
has since been any such law passed ? 
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think there. is any Whilc we ',vere suffering in a state of depression, 
instance of recent date, excepting the onc to which growing out of the crisis of 1857, which arose 
my friend from Illinois refers; and I believe there from causes over which our revenue la.ws had no 
we were emerging from that 
control; while, sir, 
is a part of that debt which yet remains unpaid— 
while our commerce was becomincr 
1 do not know how much, for I have not exani- depression; 
active, and the. receipts from duties on imports 
One further remark, in reply to the gentleman were largely increasino••, while everything seemed 
from Georgia. So far as my vote may be con- to bc doing just as well as the most sanguine 
I friends of the law of 1857 could have wished; just 
advisable, for the purpose of giving grcatcr con- at that moment we are surrounded by poliiical 
' divisions and distractions, and other troubles of 
fidence to those who may bo called upon to rc- , 
the most serious character, which of themselves 
ceive these Treasury notes in payment of the 
debts of the Govermnent., to cast that vote for act upon your commerce and destroy confidence, 
the gentleman's amendment. But I regard it as I and so again diminish the revenue of the Govern- 
ment.. While the existincr condition of things 
entirely unimportant, in view of the probable 
exists, the revenue will rcmain depressed, I care 
separation of some. of the States of this Union. 
In any event, the question whether such a pro- not what rcvenuc law may be •enacted by Con- 
vision would be wise or not, depends very rnucai grcss. 
1 do not, however, intend to provoke a discus- 
Mr. GROW. I have but a word to say•inxef- 
ercnce to the amendment proposed by thegcntle- 
man from Georgia, [Mr. CRAWFORD.] Before 
saying it, sir, I wish to give tx brief answer-to 
remark which fell from the gentleman from Ala- 
bama, [Mr. I-IOUsTON.) With your present scale 
tures of the Government, as they have been -for 
two or three. years, you must have an im- 
portation, in one year, of about, four hundred 
and sixty or four hundred and seventy million 
dollars' worth of imported goods; when, sir, the 
largest importation ever made in one year was 
only $360,000,000. If, then, your scale stands as 
it docs now, you must import into the country, 
in order to raise sixty-five or seventy million 
dollars, something about one hundred million 
dollars' worth of goods more than was imported 
into the country in the most prosperous year, 
which, upon its face, would be a suffcient argu- 
ment that your present revenue system will-not 
meet the wants of the country under any state of 
the case. Yes, sir; the expenditures of the Gov- 
ernment cannot be defrayed with the present scale 
of duties, unless you can increase the, importa- 
were in the most prosperous year; and when you 
do that, you will bankrupt the country in paying 
for those imported goods. 
But to return to the amendment of the gentle- 
man from Georgia, [Mr. CRAWFORD,] which pro- 
poses to pledge the public lands—to place this as 
a mortgage upon the public lands of the country. 
I am opposed to looking to the public lands as a 
source of revenue. I agree With General Jackson, 
the country to cease to look to thorn as a source 
of revenue. I am opposcd to it, because I can see 
no reason and no justice in imposino• upon 'the 
pipneers who settle your wildernesses, greater 
hardships than are incident to their lot. You now 
qompel them, under the existing land policy of the 
Go vernment, cither to the specula tor or to the Gov- 
ernmen t, to pay out of their hard earnings, without 
tem you have already abstracted $1,600,000,000 
fl•onl the men who people your wildernesses, and 
you have not given them an iota of equivalent for 
it. The day they took the lands they were not 
worth any rnore than in the hour-when they were 
created by God Almighty. By the land policy 
of the Government, sir, and by the legislation 
undcr it. you have abstracted the large amount I 
have stated from their hard earnings, while you 
have •sent them forth to expel the savace and lhe 
wild beast and to build up great empires in the 
ization along it* untrodden paths. 
I agree with General Jackson in saying that it 
is time that the Govermnent should cease to•look 
to the public lands as a means of raising revenue. 
Thereföre, I am opposed to any such system as 
I prefer to 
would put a mortgaoe upon them. 
leave them within tm) discretionary power of 
Congress, so that such disposition Inay be made 
and the glory of the nation. General Jackson, 
in his annual messacre, in 1832, meets the very 
point raised by t hc gentleman from Georgia, that 
these lands should be set apart as a fund, and that 
there was an obligation imposed upon the Gov- 
sition should be made of them which is now- pro- 
posed. If there were any lands yet to be disposed 
of which were ceded by thc original States, then 
it might bc worth while to consider that point; 
but as very few of these lands are left, even if the 
upon the time other debts arc falling due. If there 
I did nob understand the I 
be a debt falling due, and pressing for payment, Sion of this subject. 
argument were good, it could not control Con- 
gress in its action upon lands which were never 
ceded by any of the States of the Union. And 
then I quote General Jackson, even if the gentle- 
man s position was a good one, to relievc the gen- 
tlcman, for I trust he will not yet repudiate the 
authority of his wisdom and of his counsel to his 
country. Speaking upon this very point in his 
message, he says: 
As the lands Inay now be considered as relieved t'rotn 
this pledge, the object fi)r which tircy were ceded havin•r 
