44 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December -10, 
been accomplished, it is in the discretion of Congress to 
them in such a Way as best to conduce to the 
and general interest ofthe• American peo- 
It cannot be doubted that the speedy settlementofthese, 
lands constitute the. true interests of the Republic. The 
wealth and strength Of a country are its population, and 
the best part of that population- are the cultivators of the 
soil. Independent farmers are. everywhere the -basis of 
society and true friends of. *iberty•." * 
It seemS to me to_ be, our -true policy, that the public 
innds shall cease •as soon as praecicable td be-a source of 
revenue; and that tliey be sold to settlers, -in limited' par- 
eels, at-a:pricg barely sumcient•to reimburse to the United 
States the expense of the prescnt system and the cost aris- 
ing under Our_ Indian. compact." 
That istthe basis of the homestead policy—that 
you•shall cease to exact from the pioneers •..vho set- 
tle your wildernesses any of their earnings, e*ept 
such as may be required to pay the necessary cx- 
penses of the land omces; and that you shall not 
compel them, in order to enjoy one of God 's bless- 
ings to man , to devote the best half of their lives in 
sustaininT, in idleness and extravagance, non- 
resident land speculators. They ask, under the 
homestead policy, that you shall no longer take 
from these men the privilege of enjoying this 
blessing, any more than you would take from 
them the privilege of enjoying God's sunlight 
and atmosphere, or quafiing from the rivers and 
rills that flow from the mountains. Under the 
policy ofthisamendment you impose this burden, 
by tying up the discretion of Congress; and I only 
quote General Jackson to-day, to show that we 
stand by the old hero of the. Hermitage, whose 
patriotism was no-less than -was the genial warmth 
of his humanity for his country and his racc. In 
another part of his message he says: 
To put an cnd forever to all partial and Interested Ie- 
gislation on the subject, and to aflörd ovcry American of 
enterprise the opportunity of securing an independent free- 
hold, it secn•s to mc, thereftn•e, best to abandon the idca of 
raising a future revenuc out of the public lands." 
And why should not thc Governmcnt cease this 
policy, when it has taken this large amount from 
the earnings of men who have built up your great 
empires in II)? wi_lderncss, whose bones and sin- 
cws have laid (110 corner-stone of great empires, 
adding to the greatness and glory of the Republic, 
and contributii)ff to the advancement of science 
and civilization? Sir, God knows that man is 
born to a hard fate enough who is born into this 
world of miscry all(l woe, conu-.)ellcd from neces- 
sity to eai•n his daily bread by his daily toil, Wilh- 
out irnposing upon him unnecessary burdens by 
ur)just legis$la•tion of his country. W hon you 
take frotn him his car-nings for the merc privilege 
of enjoying one of God's blessintys to Inan, what 
greater iniusticc can be perpetrated upon hilli ? 
Wo ask, •then, that these lands bc set apart and 
dedicated forever in free homes for frec.mcn•, and 
that. no mortgage shall be imposed upon them 
which shall bind the discretion of their repre- 
sentatives in their disposition of 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 
I have only a word to say 
in reply to the gentlen•mn frot•n Penn.*ylvama. 
understood hinl to say that it required. Inore than 
h 11 nd red iilion 
dollars, at the 
present rate 
of duties, to raise sufficient. rcvenuo to carry on 
thc Govern n')cn t. 
1 had supposed, fron'l what I 
had heard so frequent-ly fall froin gentlerncn upon 
that side of the floor, that, when they should takc 
upon themselves the administration of the Gov- 
they would rcquirc; nothing like the, 
ernment, 
amount which has been required during the Dem- 
ocratic Administration. 
Mr. GROW. 1 stated was, that under 
thc present scale of duties, if you raisc sixty or 
nevenly rnillion, or thereabouts—svhich you must. 
do if you pay the current expenses, a good deal 
less than they are now, and providc for a dcbt 
already incurred—you must have an importa- 
tion, under L'nc present tariff, of not less than 
$450,000,000 of ilnportcd goods, 
Mr. CRAWFORD. the gentle- 
rnan perfectly. I knew his position. I only de- 
sire to say, in reply to that portion of his remarks, 
that I have no idea bis party will administer 
the Government for less than a hundred million, 
if the whole Governrnent is administcred. 
But he asks if there is any greater injustice than 
to deny to the pioneers who go out and settle this 
western country a title to the soil upon which 
they can settle. 
I think I can seea m•eater injus- 
tice in taking this public land and givino• it away, 
while its proceeds should be used as a connnon 
fund for the purpose of carrying on the Govern- 
ment and paying its expenses. General Jackson 
question has been called and sustained. I raise 
and his message have been brought before the 
this question of order: the gcntlcmari from Mis- 
House and country by thc gentleman from Penn-* 
sourimow proposes an amcndnaent; he proposes 
sylvania, I believe, on more than four occasions 
to amend rny amendmcj)t by out half of 
preceding the. present time; and I will say that the 
it; that is the legitimate effect of his motion. 
circumstances under which General Jackson made 
Mr. PHELPS. Under the rules, as modified 
these remarks were widely different from the cir- 
at the last session of Congress, 
I believe any 
cumstances which now surround us. It would be 
member is entitled to call for a division of the 
much more unjust to us that the public lands 
question after the previous question has been sus- 
should be given away, and that the tariff of duties 
tained. 
should be raised to the very highest possible 
The SPEAKER. The rule will be read. 
amount, and levied upon those of us who believe 
The Clerk read the rule, as follows: 
we pay the most of those duties. To give away 
46. Any member rnay call for the division of a question 
the assets by which the Govcrnmcnt is to be sup- 
betorc or altcr the Inain question ordered, which shaii 
be divided, if it conrprchend propositions in substance so 
ported ; to gzve away the public lands to the people 
distinct that, one being t.akpn away, a substantive proposi- 
of your States, and then raise the tariff of duties 
lion shall rennin iOr thc decision of' the House." 
upon us for the purpose of carrying on your Gov- 
Mr. GROW. But how is this amendment di- 
crnment, seems to me to be an act of greater injus- 
visible? That is the question. 
tice than to refuse a more gift to those persons who 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 for a division of the 
may desire to go and settle upon the public lands 
question after the main question is ordered," 
at the West without the paymcnt of money. 
and I am entitled to it. 
Mr. GROW. Idonotknowthatl understood 
The SPEAKER. The call was in time under 
the gentleman. I think he spoke of givil)" away 
the ncw rulc, and the question is on the first branch 
the public lands to the people of a particular 
of the amendment, which will now be read. 
rl'he Clerk read, as follows: 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Not at all. 
And the public lands of the United States are specifi- 
Mr. GROW. Under the homestead bill, the 
cally pledged such payunent and redcn-:ption." 
principle applies to all the Statcs. 
Mr. LEAKE demanded the yeas and nays. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. so [understand; yet the 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
gentleman is well aware that it practically ex- 
The question was taken; and it was dccidcd in 
cludes the people of the southern States. 
the negative—yeas 75, nays 124; as follows: 
Mr. GROW. I would ask the gentleman if 
YEAS—Megsrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Avcry, Barks- 
there are not public lands in the southern States 
dale, Barret, Bocock, Bonhalil, Bouligny, Boyce, Branch, 
still undisposed of? 
Bristow, Brown, Burnett, John B. Clark, (N!opt.on, Cobb, 
Mr. CRAWFORD.. There are lands 
Crawlörd, Curry, Reuben Davis 
De Jitrncue, Ed•nundson, 
'which have. not yet been disposed of. 
English, Florence, Garnot.t, 
Gartrell, 
Gilmer, Hami}ton, 
Hardeman, 
.J. Morrison Harris, John 'II. Ilarris, 
Mr. GROW. Then, the bill applies to 
Ha tton , 
Hawkins, Hill, Houston, Hughes, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, 
the land States, how does it exclude them? 
Landrum, Lcakc, Love, Maciay, Mallory, Elbert S. Mar- 
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman knows 
tin, Maynard, McKenty, McQueen, Miles, Millson, Laban 
very well that it is not to the public lands of those 
Moore, Sydenham Moorc, Nelson, Niblack, Peyton, 
Phelps, Pryor, Quarles, Reagan, Rnflin, Sickles, Sirtnns, 
States that hc desires particularly that the home- 
Singleton, William Smith, William N. II. Smith, Stall- 
stead bill shoulda )ly. 
worth, Stevenson, Stokes, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Un- 
Mr. GROW. 
esirc that it should apply to 
derwond, Vallandighatn, Vance, Webster, VVhiteiey, and 
all tbc Stat-cs. 
NAYS—Mossrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adarns, Ad- 
Mr. CRAWFORD. vote now upon 
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson. Ashley, 
the amendment which I have offered, arid I call 
Babbitt, Bealc, Biuglta\ll, Blair, Blake. Urayt.on, 
the previous question u pon it. 
B u fli n ton, 
Bu'tterfieJd, 
Bu rlinga:ne, 
B u rnharn, 
Mr. BURNETT. Before the 
C.arnpbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Colütx, Conkling, Corwin, 
Cox,Jtunes Craig, Curtis, H. Winter I)avis, John G. Davis, 
is callcd I wis}') to ask the chairman of the Conl- 
Dawes, Delano, Duell, l)unn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, 
mittee of Ways and NIeans a question. 
Ely, Etheridgc, Fenton, l*'crrv, Foster, Fouke, Frank, 
Mr. CRAWFORD. the demand 
Gooeh, Grainrnn, Grow, n ale, • Hall, 
n askin, 
for the previous question. 
Tlic,kjnau, Hoard, i•ViiIian) Howard, VVi13iam A. 
Iloward, Htunphrcy, Hutchins, Irvine, Junk-in, Francis VV. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire to know how long, 
Ke110Z(' WV {Ilianl Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Killingcr, 
under the act passed last June, the President has 
Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, Lce, Logan, Longnecker, 
power to negotiate the loan of #20,000,000? 
Loon-lie, 
Love-joy, Charlcs D. Martin, McClernand, Mc- 
Kean, McKnight, M'ePherson, Montgomery, Moorhead, 
Mr. SHERMAN. of the 
Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, 
Isaac N. Morris, Nixon, 
pending bill, the loan bill will be cxtcndcd over, 
Noell, Olin, liahner, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Poi.tle, 
and the President will bc authorized to negot.iate 
Edwin R. I.teyno!ds, .Tohn H. Reynolds, Ricc, Rigs, Chris- 
the balance of' the loan to redeem those Treasury 
Spauldina, Spinner, Stanton,• VVi}liatn Stewart, Stratton, 
notes, and for no other purpose. This bill sim- 
Tappan, 'Y hayer 
'/*hcaker. 'I'0it1iJkins, 'Train, Trimble, 
l)iy substit.utes, for the time being, Treasury 
Vandcvcr, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader 
notes in the place of 11)0 loan, and authorizes the I 
C. VVaslEburn, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom, 
loan to bc completed at some future timc when- 
aud Woodruff—124. 
c ver the public credit will justify it. 
So the first branch of the amendment was 
Mr. BURNETT. wÖuld ask the chairman 
rejectech 
of the connnittce another question. Docs hc 
During the roll-call, 
believe that, wilhout pledging the public lands 
Mr. BARKSDALE said: 1 desire to ask the 
specifically for the payment of {his public debt, b 
«entlcman from if there is not a o•eneral 
the Treasury notes authorized by [his act will 
law pledging tho public lands for the payment of 
pass at par? 
all the outstanding liabilities of t.he Government ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. Ihave no doubt of it. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. There is no such law. 
do not believe that pledging the public lal')ds will 
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then vote ay." 
add one particle to their negotiabilitv. It i;} the 
Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois, stated that he had 
faith of t.he United States that gives •these bonds 
paired off on this questi0il with Mr. KUNKEL; 
credit, and not tbc of lands. 
that A"lr. _K. was in of the amendment, and 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 now the previous 
that hc (N'lr. ROBINSON) was opposed to it. 
question. 
lv.lt•. BARKSDALE stated his colleague, 
'I'he. previous question was sccondcd, and thc 
Mr. Mc_RAE, was detained at home by indispo- 
main question ordered . 
sition in los family. 
The first amendment proposed by NIr. CRAW- 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, when his name was 
FORD was !hen read, as follows: 
called, said: Good faith to its creditors is, in my 
judgment, onc of the first duties of a Government; 
At the end of the second section of td« 
'n, bill, insert: 
And the 
public lands of the United States are specifically and it' the creditors of this Government demand 
pled«red f6r such pa v:ncnt and reden•jption. 
It is hereby Inortgagc security now, I think they ought to 
made thc duty of tile' Secretary of the rpre•asary• to set apart have it. 
and apply all rnnneys Inay be received into the 
Treasury fro:n the sales of public lands the 1st day of 
Mr. LOVEJOY stated that his colleague, Mr. 
January, 1861, to such paynlent and redetnption, until all WASHBURNE, was detained at his rootn by indis- 
the notes issued under the present.auihority bc entirely position. 
paid off, according to the obligation expressed therein. 
Messrs. WASHBURN, of Maine, and ED- 
N'lr. PEIELPS. 1 ask for a division of that WARDS, made similar statements with regard to 
amendment, so as to have a separate vote on the Messrs. and MARsTON- 
first clause of the atuendnnnt, ending with the Tbc result of the vote having bccn announced 
word "redemption," w herc it first occurs. 
as above recorded , the question recurred 01) vree- 
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is too late; the previous i ing to the second branch of the amendment. 
