46 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
December. 11, 
a-reason -for.postponing the consideration of the 
bill to some 'other day; but I can see no reason I 
why. we should not take iL up and fix a day. -If, 
when - that day arrives, the gentleman has any 
reason for postponemen±, it can be postponed of 
course; but I wish to put itin the progress of pro- 
ceedings. When the time shall come, which we 
fix as the day for it, if the gentleman states that 
he is in expectation of important information, we 
may postponc it; but that is no reason why it 
should not be taken up and some measure of pro- 
céeding n'ow initiated in relation to it. 
Mr. GREEN. I. can only say that I have a 
reasonable. •expectation of that kind, and I do not 
name it -for the mere purpose of delay. 
Mr. COLLAMER. •If the gentleman beard 
me, he would know I did not intimate that he had 
such a purpose. If- he considers it. important, it 
is enough for me; but the tinie$or using it for 
delay would be when we come to consider the 
bill, when it comes up. There is no reason why 
we should not take it up and intitiate proceedings 
on it. 
Mr. GREEN. It is a very strong reason why 
I do not know what moment It 
we should not. 
will arrive. 
I am waiting for it every day, and 
until the day does arrive and the information 
comes, I am not prepared to act upon the subject. 
Now, if we take up the bill and make it a special 
order, when that order comes up, the ill formation 
may not be here, or it may. Let us therefore 
wau•, and when the information comes, will no- 
•tify the Senator the very moment it docs come, 
and I will 'neet the issue, perhaps, x,vithout a sin- 
gle objection. 'That, however, I do not know; 
but it may bc without a single objection; but I 
say it is proper, if we neod that information, not 
to make the bill a special order until we get it. 
I therefore object to it, and hope it will not bc 
takcn up, and not bc made a special order. 
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a 
division—ayes 23, noes 18. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now 
before thc Sen;.ue. 
Mr. COLL,AMER. Inow made 
the special order of the day for Tuesday next, at 
one o'clock. 
M k'. GREEN. I do not know but that day Inn y 
be acceptable. I will not say one word against it; 
but. if, when that day arrives, I do not get the evi- 
dence I exøect, or find that I am deceived, 
one. ot• tlie other, shall then ask•a further post- 
ppnemeßt. 
SEWARD, and others. very well. 
The motion was arrreed to. 
PETITION AND MEMORIAL. 
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Joh n 
Devault, praying an increase of pension; which 
was refrrred to the Committee on Pensions. 
Mr. BINGHAM prcscntcd the Inemorial of 
Lieutenant George L. l.lat•tsum, of the United 
States Army, praying to be reimbursed for the 
loss of public property, while in his by 
the wreck of the steamer Lady Elgin, on Lake 
Michigan; which was reförred to tbc Conui1ilLee 
on Military .Affairs and Militia. 
BILL INTRODUCED. 
Mr. PUGH. I ask the unanimous consent of 
the Senate to introduce a bill without previous 
notice. 
Leave was granted; and the bill (S. No. 518) 
for the relief of William A. Linn 's estate was 
read a first and second time. 
Mr. PUGH. bill passed both Housesat 
the last session, and was sent to the President 
too 'latc to be examined. It has been considered 
in the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; 
ar)d as there is, therefore, no necessity for its 
reference, I trust there will be no objection to its 
passacre. 
Mr. KING. I think it better that it should be 
referred, and I hope the gentleman will consent 
to its being referred. 
Mr. -PUGH. very well; lei it be referred to 
the Committee on the Judiciary. 
It was so referred. 
CHAPLAIN OF SENATE. 
Mr. BRAGG. I understand that some doubt 
exists whetl'ler the Chaplain clccled by this body 
at the last session was elected fbr the Congress 
or for the session alone. With view of remov- 
ing all doubts on the subject, I offer the follow- 
ing resolution: 
Resolved, That the Chaplain elected by the Senate on 
the 15th day of December, 1859, to ofliciate on the part of 
the Senate at. the last session, he continued during the 
present session of Congress. 
The resolution was considered by unanimous 
consent, and agreed to. 
PACIFIC RAILROAD REPORT. 
Mr. HALE. It will be recollected that at the 
close of thc last session I offered an order, which 
was referred to the Committee on Printing, and 
a favorable report was made on it, for printincr 
the eleventh volume of the Pacific railroad report. 
Objection was interposed to the consideration of 
that resolution on that day, being the last day 
of the session, and il was laid over. 
I ask that 
it be now taken up and considered. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will say 
to the Senator from New Hampshire, that the 
resolution to which he refers is not on the Cal- 
cndar of the last session. 'There is, however, a 
resolution introduced by the Senator at this ses- 
Mr. HALE. Thore is a lni.stake, then, owinrr 
to the confusion on tbc last' day. of the session. 
A resolution was presented, and objection was 
Inade to its consideration, I think, by the Senator 
from North Carolina, [Mr. BRAGG.] 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 think, at any rate, it -had 
better go ta the Comniittcc on Printing. 
What 
it was proper to do last year, may not be proper 
this year in the prcscnt state of tho Treasury. 
We have no to v.,'aste on printino•. 
Mr. HALE. Well, let it go to the Committee 
on Printing, 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The con- 
sents to a &ference to the Committee on Printing 
of the resolution introduced by him at the present 
session. 
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir. 
The resolution was rcrcrred to the Committee 
on Printing; and is as follows: 
Ordered, That the satnc nun2bcr of the eleventh volutno 
of the Pacific railroad 
containing the tnaps and 
cl)ltrts Ote the surveys a railroa(l the M i • 
river to the Pacific ocean 
, as or the preecding volunnes, be 
published the use ot• the Senate. 
PAPERS WITHDRAWN. 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 move that the papers, 
the files of the Senate, in the case of Elizabeth 
Spear, be withdra*n from the files, and delivered 
to the party or her agent, for the purpose of pre- 
senting them at the oflice of the Commissioner of 
Pensions. 
It is an applicution for a pension. 
There has been no adverse report. 
Leavc was granted. 
TREASURY NOTE BILL. 
A message from the House of Reprcsentatives, 
I.)Y IVIr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
House had l)assed n bill (No. 863) to authorize 
the issue of Treasury notes, and other pur- 
poses, in which the concurrence of the Senate 
was requested, 
Mr. I-IIJNTER. 1 move that bill from the 
Illouse be taken up, and refin•red to the Committee 
on Finance. 
T hc bill read twice by its title. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the Secretary will 
have, that bill printed to-day, as I shall probably 
ask the Senate to cor)sidcr it to-morrow. 
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT. 
The message further announced that the H,ouse 
had ordered, on the 10th instant, at twelve o'clock 
and ten minutes, the printing of a letter from the 
Secretary of State, transmitting an abstract of 
returns of registered American seamen. 
REDUCTION OF 'I'llE ARMY. 
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution; 
which was considered by unanimous consent, and i 
agreed to: 
Rcsol.vcd. That the Connnitt.ce on Milit.ary Affairs be in- 
structed to inquire whether the c.xpenscs of that branch of 
tbc public scrvicc cannot be reduced, without detrilnent to 
(he public service ; and if they can, they bc further in- 
structed to report to what extent, and "'hat particular 
branch or of tl?at. service can be dispensed 'Vith 
or reduced. 
TARIFF BILL. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. no pe- 
titions or reports, the business next in order will 
be the resolution offered by the Senator from 
Missouri, [Mr. GREEN,] which the Secretary 
will read. 
Mr. GREEN. l, do not desire any action on 
that resolution now; it may lie on the table for 
the present. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will on the 
table for the present, if there be no objection. 
Mr. HALE. I hope* the subject on which the 
Senate adjourned yesterday may be taken up, on 
which the Senator from Pennsylvania has the 
floor. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will up 
at one o'clock as unfinished business; but as it is 
the only business on the table, if it bc the pleas- 
ure of the Senate it can bc taken up now. 
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senate will 
up House bill No. 338, for a revision of the rcv- 
enue laws. We have no monev in the Trcasury. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. itis moved to take 
up the bill (H. R. No. 338) to provide the 
payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to author- 
Ize a loan, to fix the duties on imports, and fov 
other purposes. 
Mr. H'UN'I'ER. 1 will only say that 1 hope 
that bill will not now be taken up. have sub- 
jects enough for discussion. That bill is not going 
to provide revenue. 
I think we shall havo other 
things to engross us, without brino•ino• in that sub- 
jcct of discussion now. It is for a majority to 
determine, however. 
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me there can 
bc nothing more appropriate than this just now, 
when we have no money in the Treasury. La- 
borers everywhere are disnoissed ; 
persons in the 
employ of the Governint-nlt d ismissed for want 
of Inoney. 'I'l)is bill will, I think, provide money. 
On a division, there were—ayes 24, noes 25. 
IVh•. CAMERON. 1 ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 27; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Biughanj, Cam- 
cron, Chandler, Clark, Coltalnet•, Crittenden, Dixon, Doo- 
litlle, I)urkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, 
Ilarnlin, llar\an, Kennedy, King, Seward. Sinnnons, Sum 
ner, 'I'en Eyck, 
'Prtunbull, IVadc, Wilkinson, and Wil- 
_ 29. 
NAYS—-Messrs. Bayard, Benjennin, Brazg, Brown, Clina- 
Inan, Davis, 
Douglas, 
Fitch, Fitzpatrick; Green, Gwiu, 
Ileruphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of 'l'ennessee, Lane, 
Lathan-I, Nicholson, Pearce, 
Polk, Powell, Pugh, Sauls- 
bury, Slidell, Thomson, Wigfall, and Yulee—27. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill before 
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and the 
question is on the amendment of the Senator from 
Oregon, [Mr. LANE,] which the Secretary will 
T hc Secretary read the amendment, as follows: 
That the act entitled An act reducing the duty on im- 
ports, and for other purposes," approved •July 30, 1846, be, 
and the same is hereby reenacted and recstabiished in every 
seetion, schedule, and clause thereof; and that the act en- 
titled An act reducing the duty on imports, and for other 
purposes . 
dpproved March 3, 1857, and all other acts and 
parts of' acts inconsistent with said act of July 30, 1846, be 
and the same are hereby, repealed. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 thought the, bill was taken 
up in order to make it the special order; not for 
its present consideration. 
Mr. LANE. 1 move that the bill and amend- 
ment be referred to the Committee on Finance. 
IVIr. COLLAMER. merely that 
the bill has already been referred to the Commit- 
tee on Finance, and reported back. 
Mr. GREEN 'The amendment has not been 
referred. 
Mr. COLLAMER. That does not require a 
rcferencc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. 
PATRICK in the chair.) The question is on the 
motion to refer. 
Mr. G WIN. I ask for the yeas and nays on 
that question. 
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 27; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs•. Bayard, Ben.ianlin , Bragg, Brown, Cling 
rnan, Davis, Doualas 
Fitch, Fitz.patrick, Green, Grimes, 
Gwin, Hetnphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of 'I'ennesscc, 
Ken uedy, Lane, Lathül)l, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, l'owcll, 
Vugh, Saulsbury, Slidell, Thomson, VVigfall, aii(l Yulee— 
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Baker; 
Bigler, Bingham, 
C;nneton, Chandler, Clark, Collarner, Criftenden, Dixon, 
Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, 
King Seward, Sirnmons, Sumner. 'ilen Eyck, 
'Ih•umbufl, Wade, Wilkinson, and. Wilson—é7. 
So the motion to refer was agreed to. 
