1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
47 
/ Union as it is to be. •MT hatcver a humble indi- 
STATE OF UNION. 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. If there be no vidual lilcc myself can do, or suffer, or sacrifice 
in the cause of the Union, shall be freely offered 
further business now to be presented to the Seh- 
ate, the Chair will take up the resolutioqof tic 
But, sir, what can be done? I think the motion 
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. POWELL.] 
The Secretary read the resolution as j of the Senator from Kentucky, to refer so much 
of the President's Inossao•e as refers to this sub- 
stands, as follows: 
ject to a select committee, is a movcrnent in the 
Resoived, That so much of the Presidcnt's messaee as 
riffht. direction. 
I thank the Senator it, and 
relates to the present agitated and distracted condit.ion of 
the country and the grievances between the slaveholding 
I shall cheerfully vote for its adoption. 
the non-staveholding States. be referred to a special 
i was somewhat surprised at the view taken 
cOmmittee of thirt.ecn mcnrbers; and that said cotntuittee 
be instructed to inquire into the present condition 01' the Of that proposition by the distincruished Senator 
ceuntry, and report by bill or otherwise. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 took the floor, Mr. 
dent, yesterday afternoon, for the purpose Of 
making a very few remarks on the present un- 
happy condition of the country. I intended then 
only to say what was necessary to indicate my 
own position on the great question which is agl- 
tating the people of this country. That is my 
only purposc this morning. I shall reserve for 
some subsequent occasion, when perhaps this 
whole subject will be more fully before us, the 
discussion of the main question which it neces- 
sariiy presents. 
Sir, it was too truly remarked by the Senator 
from Mississippi [Mr. IDA vrs] yesterday, that we 
have fallen on evil times. 
It is too sadly appa- 
rent that this great Republic of ours -is in immi- 
nent danger of dissolution. whole political, 
social, and commercial system is seriously dis- 
turbed, and shows unmistakable evidences of 
depression and distress. Commerce, trade, and 
finances, are disturbed. The banks have ceased 
to redeem t.heir notes in specie, and tho Treasury 
of the United States is unable to meet the current 
demands upon it. 
Indeed, sir, a general gloom 
seems to have spread over the entire country. 
Why is all this? Have the great elements of 
prosperity, procrress, and general thrift in the 
country, become suddenly exhausted? No, sir; 
those were never more abundant than now. What 
is it, then? Why, sir, disguise it as you may, 
this sad picture is the result of a political panic. 
I almost shrink from enunciating the precise 
cause, obvious as I think it is to every Senator, 
and to every intelligent man in the land. 'IXhe 
startling cause is, that men are beginning to doubt 
the integrity and future existence of this Union. 
State after State has taken steps on the subject of 
withdrawing from this Confederacy. We hear 
of Législatures being assembled, conventions of 
the people being ordered, all to consider the grave 
question whether our relations are to continue or 
It is not singular, then, that we have scon 
110 t. 
manifestations of deep concern and distress in 
the land. 
Sir, this is a startling picture; but it seems to 
me it is the part of pætriotism and duty to look it 
fairly in the face. My own impressions first 
were, that the less that was said here the better. 
I have changed that impression. 
I•æbelieve that 
the times require that the public men, the selected 
men of the nation here, should come up io t Ilis 
great question. Let the people understand what 
view is taken of it here. For one, 1 am prepared 
to separate myself as far as possible from past 
prejudices and party allegiance, and consider the 
condition of the country in a spirit of devotion 
to its interest. 
I most heartily commend the no- 
ble position of the Senator from Connecticut, 
[Mr. DrxoN.] Without understanding the desires 
of the men of his own party, as he has told us, 
regardless of his connection with them, of his 
party prejudices—for I believe he is a friend of 
the PresiÖent elect 
—he has come boldly forward 
and taken his position for the Constitution, for 
the Union as made by the Constitution, for the 
equality of the States, and for justice among the 
citizens of the States, Sir, extcnd to him the 
hand of fellowship, and I meet him in the same 
spirit, and under the same circurn.stanccs, for 
have no idea how my views will be received on 
this side of the Chamber. 
In the spirit of the 
Senator from Illinois on this side , [Mr. DOUGLAS,] 
go with rnen of any party, and men of' every 
party who will devote themselves to the great 
ing danger. 
Mr. President, for weal 0k' for woe, I am a Union 
am for the Union as n:adc by our fathers. 
man. 
I am fop the constitutional Union as it is, and, 
the spirit of the remark of the Senator from Cali- 
fornia yesterday, I expect to be of and the 
from Virginia, [Mr. Mnsox.] mhat honorable 
f Senator said he would vote for the resolution as 
a mere matter of parliamentary courtesy, because 
the message should be referred to a committee. 
I-Ie said that nmch, lest his vote might be misun- 
i dcrstood by his cornstituents, that they should be 
under the impression that he had concluded that a 
remedy for the present difficulties which beset the 
country could be instituted, while, in his judg- 
ment, Congress could do nothing on that subject. 
That honorable Senator must know that, in some 
way or other, any adjustment that may be made on 
this subject must, to some extent, ber connected 
with Congress. Congress must necessarily be con- 
nectcd with it, unless it bé the question of seces- 
sion, which belongs to the States only. If it be 
possible to agree upon an adjustment in the shape 
ofa law, then Congress and the Executive will per- 
form the whole work. if the cotnmittee should find 
that it required an amendment to the Constiuttion, 
then Congress must either adopt that amendment 
and submit it for the approval of the States, or 
else, when two thirds of the States petition Con- 
gress, provision must bc Inade for a .convenlion 
of the States; so that, in any event, congressional 
action will be necessary. That is a reason why 
there should be no hesitation whatever con- 
sidcring the question here, and inquiring calmly, 
soberly, and earnestly of each other what can bc 
done to rescue the country. 
Sir, I have a word or two to say specially to my 
friends on this side of the Chamber—I mean those 
from the far-off South; 
those with whom I have 
so long and cordially coöperated here; for whose 
rights I zealously contended long before met 
them on this floor; whose cause has been our 
cause in thc Nonh ; and whose cause, to some ex- 
tent,.in the latc contest for President., fifteen hun- 
dred thousand 1'K)l'thcrn mcn embraced. It scarcely 
becomes me to undertake to judge of their case, 
I confess. 
I an-I, perhaps, incapable of appre- 
ciating their precisc position and feelings. 
knowledge, as they are aware, the justice of some 
of their complaints. 
I acknowledge that there 
has been kept up a \var of aggression upon their 
feelings, well calculated to alienate them from the 
people of the North; that in sornc instances their 
clear constitu tionul rights have been vexatiously 
embarrassed, and at times defeated; and furtl'icr- 
more, that the party about to assume the reins of 
Government, in the late contest avowed doctrines 
which, in in y judgment, are inconsistent with the 
equality of tlie States; for so I reéard the doc- 
trine of the exclusion of the owner of a slave from 
the common Territories unless he Icavcs his prop- 
erty behind him. But, Mr. Presidcnt, is disso- 
lution a remedy? Is that the best and wisest of 
all ! he alternatives left? Has the time come to 
I said be- 
ernbrace that remedy? I think not. 
fore, that it was not fbr mc to speak of what con- 
cerncd them and their interests; but I say no move 
fatal step clan be taken for the interests of the 
great State, which I represent here, and, as I verily 
l] believe, forcvcry other State in this Confederacy. 
it may be said—it '•,vas said yes- 
I know, sir, 
terdav by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. 
war, and even death , are to be pre- 
ftrred to dishonor, and that a State remainin«y in 
this Union• less than an equal, denied of its con- 
stilutional rights, is solne measure dishonored; 
but my friend from Mississippi, and those who 
act with him, should view this question in more 
hopeful light. 
After all, Mr. Lincoln is in a rninorily of nearly 
nine hundred thousand votes, and in his election 
work of rescuing the country from thc impend- the people of the United States have not passed 
judgment against the claims of the South to equal- 
Whcthqr it be a right, or whethery when a State 
witbdraws, it is-revolutiön, the consequence tothe 
seceding *ate and to tho remaining States will be 
essentially the same, and the pemedy,: if 'remedy 
there be, will be the same. But Bhe point I' wish 
to make is this: even if ib be aright, -is -it just to 
the other States to resort-to that remedy-until 
redress has been sought and denied Xit the. very 
fountain of political power and authority, -and: 
through the precise channels in which this Confed— 
eracy was formed? I think not, • Such precipitate 
action is not just to their friends. Let-the southern 
Slates ask the people ofthis Confederacy ,sepa rate 
and aside from ordinary political considerations, 
to consider and adjust this question. Le_t them 
ask redress for their grievances at the %bands of 
those who have the power to grant it, and in the 
form prescribed in the compact under which we 
live. 
If redress be denied, if two thirds of the 
States refuse to call a conventions or, calling 
convention, if three fourths of the States decline to 
approve such amendments to the Constitution as 
they deem essential to the protection of Eheirvights 
and to the maintenance of their equality in the 
Union, then the time will have arrived for consid- 
ering this question of dissolution, But until all. 
other means have been exhausced, it should not, 
cannot be seriously entertained. 
Mr. President, I arn one of those who• believe 
that the reined y for the present distracted condi- 
tion of the country, after all, must, sooner or iater,. 
come froin the people, if it is to come at all and be• 
I do not say that amendments should 
permanent. 
not be submitted here. 
I am by no means in- 
tending to indicate that the effort should not be 
made; Lbut I do say that I have little hope that 
measures of adjustment can pass Congress that 
will meet this Case. It is hardly to be expected 
II-rat the politicians or partisans of the country 
brought into position in the midst of party ug- 
gles, committed to one Sidc or other of the contro- 
verted points, are prepared for this delicate work. 
It must go into otl'ler hands. Let the people select 
representatives on this single subject alone, and to 
remedy the defects which experience has shown, 
and if needs be, -give new guarantees to the ag- 
grieved States. 'l'hen, sir, you will have a single- 
ness of purpose, and our southern friends Wii! 
ascertain the real sentiment of the northern people 
in reference to their rights and position in the 
Union; and while I coniZss that all the evidence 
seems to be on the other side, I have a belief that 
in such a test Lho conservative element of the 
North would prevail—tl-iat the South would be 
met in a spirit of justice, fraternity, and even 
generosity. 
But it may be asked, as it has been already, 
what is to become of the country in the mean 
time? MT hat measures shall be adopted to arrest 
thc progress of dissolution? I confess, Mr. Pres- 
ident, I mn not prepared to answer that question. 
That is morc cspecially for our friends from those 
States '•.vhich are moving for secession. 
If they 
know no means of a.qresting the progress of sep- 
aration, then, sir, we truly in a hopeless con- 
dition. But •I am -hot so despondent. 
1 have 
still hope that if there were such indications from. 
tl)C North of a disposition to deal kindly on .the 
subject; to hear their southern brethren fairly and 
if possible, favorabty their 
fully, and answer, 
demands, there would be a feeling of reaction in 
the South ; 
that men would rise above the mad- 
ness of the hour,. and stay the fatal step, at least 
for a brief season, and another effort would be 
made to save the Government, and to satisfy the 
southern States that they can maintain their 
rights within the Union. 
Sir, am- not of those who view this disease 
lightly. am sensible. that it is deep seated, and 
to some extent malignant, but not incurable. 
is not in y purpose to talk of distincüve proposi- 
tions now; but do say that thc best possible 
remedy that could be applied, to silence forever 
the war of crimination in the North, would be 
to separate *.1iis question of slavery, as far as pos- 
sible, from the popular elections in the non-slave- 
holdinT States. 
Tl'here are a class of men, we ali 
know, in the North, who are zealous and sincere 
enemies of slavery, and so long as they can dis- 
I i cover the slightest. opportunity of interfering to 
ity and justice. 
Mr. President, i want to call the attention of perform what they call a duty, they-will keep up 
those Senators and of their friends at home to a these assaults and an unjust war upon-the-feelings 
I do not carc to in- of the c:tizens of the southern States. Separate 
particular point in this case 
quiE•e into the question of the Fight of secession. them entirely, so tbae they can have no connec- 
