48 
tion•withit; can in no way influence the question 
of-- where slavery shall be, or where it shall go, 
or Whether 'it shall be carried into our new Term 
ritories, or even from the question of the admis- 
Sion •of a State, whether it be free or slave. 
How. can that be done? Sir, do not wish to be 
understood as presenting any view to which I 
shall adhere with tenacity. I throw out genei'al 
views for what they are worth. I am so con- 
vinced of the Wisdom and the true policy.of main- 
tainingjthis Confederacy entire, that I will resort 
to any honorable expedient, any reasonable meas- 
ure to save it'. I think the people of the North 
would go very: much further than their represent- 
atives on the Republican Sidc -believe, in order to 
aecomplish this desirable end. If needs be, sir, 
let-the territory be divided from ocean to ocean; 
north of which slavery shall not go, south of 
which it shall not bc disturbed. Let us have a 
deep gulf or a high wall between the North and 
South on this subject. 
If that will not allay the 
demon of discord, then, instead of the present 
provision that Congress may adrnit States into 
tho Union—which alone will induce a certain 
class of people to be anxious to elect antislavery 
mon, in order that they may keep out a slave 
.—I say, let the Constitution describe a State, 
State 
fix its population and other elements, and pro- 
vide for its admission by a proclamation of the 
President upon the establishment of thc facts. 
Then, sir, the North- would be separated from 
this question; the North and the South, on this 
disturbing element, would be entirely free of each 
other; while all the other relations would remain, 
and this grcat Governmcnt•go on performing its 
functions. We Should retain its power, its prow- 
ess, its dignity, and its influence in the world. 
Perhaps less radical changes may do. If so, all 
the better. 
The President of the United States, with pa- 
triatic desire to settle this question, has sugcrested 
what he supposed would bc sufficient for the ex- 
Lmust say, and I say it with regret, that 
I do not think his rt.•medics will tlie case, I 
think, deeper and wider than the reined y. 
first place, the points presented by hin-i embracc 
the controverted points over which parties have 
struggled for years; thc very source over which 
the bitter struggle for ascendency was made in 
the late presidential contest. And I can see no 
reason to anticipate, their adoption by the dom- 
inant party the North, Nor do I think they 
would reach the seat of the disease if they were 
adopted; for my belief is, this war of crimination 
and recrimination is the scut of this disease 
and 
if you want. permanent peace, you nnust strike at 
the sent of the disease; you must separate tho 
non-slavcholding States from the question of sla- 
very, in order that the question may have no rest- 
ingeplacc in the northcrn mind. 
Honorable Senators yesterday said the hearts 
of men must bc charlo•ed. FL'he hearts of men 
ought to bc changed. 
trust in God 's ntune that 
nuany of the.tn will be changed; but that is no 
work for politicians or Senators. 
[t will bc idlc 
to hope for escape in that way. You must 
separate the acritating cause, if you expect those 
men who are bitterly anti-sla very to drop the 
I arn o? thosc who think they ought to 
have done so long üE0. No man has given that 
freling less countenance tlian myself. have 
never been in aplitical struggle in my IiiZ that 
thc rights of the South were not a leading issue; 
and never fullcn that I did not fall by the weight I 
of a southern issue. 
But, Mr. President, I do not know that I can 
usefully pursue this subject further. 
I desirc to 
say, however, in reference to my own State, not- 
withstanding its vote for the Republican candi- 
date at the late election, that it is a conservative 
and a just State; that our southern friends can 
rely Witli confidence upon the future action of that 
State. 
If they ask redress in the form in which 
I have indicated, or any other on which the people 
can act separate from other considerations, I have 
not doubt that they would give all the guaran- 
tees which any reasonable southern man would 
d e n'}and. 
It may be said that, in a minority, as I am, I 
am not warranted thus to speak, för I should not 
be regarded as authority; but, sir, every man of 
inte]hgence in my State knows that other potent 
influences than the merc distinctive principles of 
the Republican party wcighed irrthelate election. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 11, 
There were a complication- of influences against 
us, and among them the most potent, next to 
this slavery acritation, was the* question of the 
tariff. The operatives in the manufacturincy cs- 
tablishments and the mines away down in the 
earth had felt and believed that the policy of the 
Democratic party was prejudicial to their inter- 
ests; and at the late election, though they were 
naturally with the Democratic party, they voted 
I doubt not that that vote 
in a body against us. 
was forty thousand in the State. No man is war- 
ranted, therefore, in assuming that the State of 
Pennsylvania will adhere to the distinctive doc- 
trines of the Republican party. 1 do not believe 
a distinctive issue on the irrepressible conflict," 
as usually interpreted in that State, would get 
ono hundred thousand votes. No war of aggres- 
Sion is intended by the people of that State. She 
will respond promptly to any demand for consid- 
eration and for redress madc in the proper spirit 
by her sister States; and I doubt not she will 
avoid even the appearance of wrong by discard- 
ino• certain of her statutes, which, though in the 
main •a dead letter, have been made the subject of 
complaint. 
But, Mr. Prcsident, I should bo glad, indeed, 
if Senators on the other side—those who speak 
for tl')C dominant party—would indicate what their 
presel)t views are. 
I think, sir, in the irnminent 
peril that surrounds us, they ought to do at least 
this. 
It isno ordinary occasion. It is nota time 
when men may stand upon a mere partisan vic- 
tory. What is a party victory if the country is 
10 be torn by violence, by riot, and mobs, in your 
commercial cities, on questions of employment 
and bread? What is a party triumpl'l worth if 
the Government should not endure? Sir, it is 
worse than n delusion. 
I know, Mr. President, the grave responsibili- 
ties that attach to what 1 say. I may be laughed 
at for much that I have uttered. 
.Bo it so. 
1 
would not have uttered it if I did not feel that the 
times rcquirc that every man, regard loss of con- 
scqumnc,es, pe rform his part. 
1 shall only 
rtl)eat, therefore, that in the reraainin€r part of 111 y 
brief official career 
here, whatever it *nay be pos- 
Sible ftn• Ine to do to adjust these unhappy dii)'er- 
enees, I shall do. 
I not entirely despondent. 
I cannot rny In ind to realize oscparation of 
these States, Inuch less calmly io contemplate the 
consequences which m,vould ft)lhow. 
Sir, Ict us, as one man, address ourselves to this 
subject. Why should our friends from the far 
South desire to separate from those in the North 
who have so long stood by them? Why, gentlc- 
men, more men in thc States of New York and 
Pennsylvania alone espouscd your cause in the 
late contest than can be found in all tbc States that 
{tre talking of separating from the Ullion. A mil- 
lion and a Ilialf of voters have, in a large measure, 
identified themselves with you in the issue against 
the black Republican party; and it is my impres- 
Sion that, if this for•rn of government remains, 
and the sanno issues arc to be made four years 
hence, the Republican party; with its sectional 
flag, will be driven to the, wall as completely as 
any party ever was driven in this country. I am 
no prophet, nor the son of a prophet; but I pre- 
dict that it is the last victory the Republican party 
will ever gain. Let us remain together, then; let 
us contend for your rights within the Constitu- 
tion and the Union, and in a short time you who 
are nowr desponding and complaining and threat- 
ening disruption, will be the triumphant party; 
you and your friends north will control the Gov- 
ernment once more; and long ere that, I solernnly 
believe, if the effort be madc in the right direction, 
the people of this country will give all the guar- 
antees that the South, upon full reflection, will 
demand. 
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, like the Sen- 
ator from Mississippi [Mr. BROWN] who ad- 
dressed the Senate yesterday, 1 aln not willing to 
vote for the resolution offered by the Senator from 
Kentucky; and I desire briefly, in justification of 
my vote, to set myself right before my constitu- 
cnts; and I shall, therefore, give to the Senate 
and the country the. reasons which influence my 
action. 
The purpose of this proposition is to submit 
all the diffcultics which now exist in the public 
mind to a committee of thirteen. 
I do 110t ex- 
actly understand tl'H) object that is either in tended 
or expected to be attained by the raising of this 
committee. It has not been explained by the hon- 
orable Senator who moved it, nor by any per- 
son who has addressed the Senate in advocacy 
of the resolution. I do not understand whether 
congressional legislation is to be invoked to 
lieve us from the impending danger and difficulty 
which threaten the Republic, or whether consti- 
tutional amendments are to be proposed to the 
States by the two Houses of Congress. 
not advised what is expected from this commit- 
tee; but, sir, whatever may be the object, (and 
it can certainly come. but in one of two forms, 
either in the shape of congressional legislation, 
or in thc shape of amendments to the Constitu- 
tion,) in whatever form it may come, whatever 
design or object may be contemplated -by the 
mover of the proposition and its friends, I have 
no confidence whatever in the accomplishment of 
any good result from it. 
Now, sir, let us look at this question from a 
reasonable and common-sense stand-point. 
designed to frame concressional legislation to re- 
move the objections which the sou thern Sta tes have 
to in the Union? Is it designed to in- 
troduce corvrcssional legislation for the purpose 
of protecting the rights and equality of the south- 
ern States more than they are. now protected by 
the present Constitution and the present laws? If 
so, what is the congressional legislation proposed ? 
So far as the fugitive slave law is concerned, and 
the rights of the southern people to the recapture 
and reclamation of their fugitive slaves, and the 
obstructions and difficulties, insurmountable dif- 
ficulties, which arc presented to the execution of 
that law by the vitiated public sentiment of the 
northern States, what Inore can Congress do than 
Congress have already done? -we have a fugitive 
slave law.' of which the South does not complain. 
It is one suåciently guarded and sufliciently strin- 
gent to accomplish all the objects for which it 
w'as designed, if there was a proper public senti- 
ment prevailing in the northern States. No better 
fugitive slave law could be devised by this Con- 
«rrcss or any other. 
It has every provision which 
b 
the South has ever asked or den-landed. It clothes 
thc judiciarv and Executive of this Government 
v.,'ilh ample powers to execute the law, as much, 
at any rate, as could be put into the hands of 
those two departments of the Government. We 
do not complain that any Executivc heretofore 
has ever been derelict in the discharge of his duty 
in the execution of this law. Mr. Fillmore •was 
the President when the law was passed, and it 
received his sanction; and am ready to say here 
in In y place in the Senate, that, so far as he was 
concerned, I believe he carried it oat in good faith. 
So did General Pierce; so has the present Execu- 
tive done. So far as they have had it in their 
power to execute this law, i'has been done faith- 
fully, I believe, by every Executive. 
But, sir, how has it performed its duty ? How 
has it accomplished its object? We know well 
that no slave has ever been reclaimed under it 
from the northern States, except under circum- 
stances of the greatest difficulty and danger to the 
owner, and sometimes even attended with the 
loss of lifih This is not owing to a defect in the 
law, but to the fact to which no sensible and im- 
partial man can shut his eyes, that the irre- 
pressible-conflict" idea, the vitiated public senti- 
ment of the northern States, is so strong against 
slavery that no law Congress could enact would 
ever be executed while that public sentiment lasts. 
We all re.me.mber the case of Gorsuch in Penn- 
sylvania—in the conservative State of Pennsyl- 
vania, represented so worthily by my distin- 
guished friend on my left, [Mr. 
even rcccntly in the other conservative State, 
New Jersey, which did, to some extent, reclaim 
itself from the imputation of being an abolition 
State, in the late election; even there, the law has 
not been executed, buta recent occurrence ex- 
hibits its total inadequacy to perform its office. 
And so in every other of the free States. 
true that now and then a fugitive slave is re- 
claimed in the northern States; but it has to be 
done at the point of the bayonet, and at an ex- 
pense of ten times the value. of the slave, to the 
owner and tl'ke Government. W bv is it? 
Not 
because the law is defective; but, as I said, be- 
cause public sentiment is defective. 
Nor, sir, do I charge the failure of the execu- 
tion of this law upon the personal liberty bills, of 
I which so much complaint bas been made. No, 
