52 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 11, 
have forgatten—perhaps •that is more than I ought 
to say; I do not mean it in any offensive sense— 
he can hardly have forgotten that controversy. 
It engaged every member of _the Senate. Lt was 
suddenly sprung upon us. None of us looked 
upon the question whcthcr slave property should 
or should not go-intor the Territories; but it was 
in regard to the power of CongresS to interfere in 
the local affairs Of the Territory, slavery among 
them. But I tell him again, when he informs his 
constituents that the northern people are not wil- 
ling 'to give the protection of this Government, to 
the full extent -of its constitutional authority, 
equally -to property in slaves with all other prop- 
erty, let him apply to my honorable friend from 
Mississippi; who introduced those famous caucus 
resolutions, and he will find whether I did not 
vote for every one of them, except onc which un- 
dértook to interpret Ilie powers of the Territorial 
Legislatures. I believe I did vote against that 
resolution; but with the information I afterwards 
received from the mover of it, I might have voted 
I have felt that it was due to rhyself, and my 
constituents, that I should contradict the Sena- 
tor's assertions of fact; contradict the assertion 
that the fugitive slave law is habitually trampled 
under foot; contradict the asscrtion that slaves 
cannot bc rccovercd by the ordinary instrumen- 
tality of the law in the northern States. They 
can, and they are. The cases of exception, such 
as thé case Of Bums, the cases in which the law 
is disi•egarded, are fex,v and trivial. Why, sir, how 
many slaves have ever been lost? 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 will. respond to the Sena- 
top. That would be impossiblc for me or any- 
body else to ascertain, I apprehend ; but I will state 
a fact. More than fifteen, perhaps twenty years 
aoo, I saw an elaborate report made ou t by a special 
committee, raised by the Legislature of the State 
of Virginia upon that very question, to ascertain 
what were the losses of the State of Virginia in 
fugitive slaves; and, even at that tirnc, when ne- 
groes were selling at not morc than half tl'le pres- 
ent value, the report estimated the annual loss to 
be $100,000. 
Mr. PUGH. I will venture to say that she 
has never lost $100,000 in negroes since she has 
becn in the Union, nor all of them together. Your 
fugitive slave law is not twenty-five years old. 
When you called for & new one, you got it. 
The Senator said that the North resisted the 
admission of certain slaveholding States. What 
one did she ever keep out of the Union? Was 
not Missouri admitted? Was not Texas ad- 
milted? W herc did the votes come from by which 
they were admitted? No, sir; 
there are causes 
of trouble, legitimate causes, which it i' our duty, 
both from the Nofth and the South, to look upon 
with an anxious desire to removo them; but these 
invented causes of complaint, this standing upon 
mere questions of made history not to be found, 
seems to me, with due respcct to thc Senator from 
Georgia, unworthy of him. I think the Senator, 
in a his anxiety for the new crusade of southern 
deliverance, has allowed his passion to get the 
better of his judgment. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, 1 do not 
pose to enter into this discussion any further thall 
to make a remark in response to the charge of 
the Senator from Gcorgia, that the fugitive slave 
law is not enforced in the northern States. That, 
like many other laws, is -not-enforced in all cases. 
1 suppose there never was a law upon the statute- 
book of Congress, or of any State or 'I'erritory 
of this Union, that was not sometimcs allowed 
to be violated with impunity, or not enforced with 
as much fidelity as we would wish. 
I suppose 
the fugitive slave law is not the only one in this 
country that is notÆ11ways enforced. 
I presurne 
it is enforced with quite as much fidelity as that 
in regard to the African slave trade, or the laws 
on many other subjects. But, sir, I confess it is 
not enfoFced as faithfully as I wish it was—not 
as faithfully as it ought to be. 'Millile I make 
this declaration, ail compelled to say that I 
think that nine tenths of the complaints upon 
that subject are unfounded. When any sectional 
strife and sectional excitement occurs, there seems 
æo be a proneness on the part of the newspaper 
press of both sections to collect together every 
fact that will inflamc tho passions and prejudices 
of its own section agains$ the other; and in that 
way a partial and unfaiy r.epq# tuc.ts is given, . 
which makes each section act under a misappre- 
hension of the other. 
In regard to the fugitive slave law, so far as 
Illinois is concerned, f am prepared to say that 
in my opinion, in nineteen cases out of every 
twenty where a fugwve slave enters Illinois, he 
is arrested and returned without any judicial pro- 
cess whatsoever. Those portions of the State 
that border on Missouri and Kentucky, live in 
htmony with their. neighbors on the other side, 
and the fugitive slave is retårned as regularly as. 
a horse or any other property that is stolen. So 
in nineteen cases out of twenty, the fugitive is 
returned. The newspapers do not notice the fact. 
Even the records of your court have no minute of 
In other cases where there is an arrest, as a 
it. 
matter of course, they rcturn him, if he turns out 
to bc a fugitive, and there is no excitement upon 
the subject. But perhaps in the twentieth case, 
the fugitive gets into that portion of the country 
where public sentiment is more excited* and once 
in awhile a rescue is made. Then the newspapers 
are filled with the horrors of that rescue. One 
case of rescue is paraded in the newspaper press 
of the whole country, and although it IS an excep- 
tional case, it is represented as evidence of the 
general rule. 
1 recollect ohe instancc of that kind occurring 
in my own State, and that instance I have noticed 
in more than twenty newspapers in the-last two 
months, paraded in the southern country as an 
evidence of the infidelity of our people in the en- 
forccment of the law. The newspapers tell us 
that last May, perhaps, a fugitive was arrested 
by his master in the town of Ottawa, and rescued 
by some Abolitionists. There the tale stops; and 
then corncs the co:nment: how can people live 
together where such outrages are perpetrated ! 
The tale, so far as it is told, I bclicve to be true; 
but it is not all told. If they had wished to deal 
fairly, they would have recorded the further fact 
that the next day the United States marshal made 
his appearance at tbc town of Ottowe, and ar- 
rested the rescuers, took them to Chicago, before 
the United States commissioner, had them com- 
mitted to trial, and in default of bail remanded 
them to prison, and kept them in prison until the 
1st of October, and then brought them out for 
trial, and after indictment before a grand jury, 
and a fair trial before a petit jury, thcy wcrc 
called up and sentenced by a Republican judge of 
the United States court to the penalties of thölaw, 
and remanded again to prison, to be kept there 
until they paid the fines and costs. 'I'hat is the 
balance of the case. 
If that had been told, I sup- 
pose the. sting would have been taken out of the 
whole charge, und it could not have been used as 
fuel for this sectional excitement. 
Sir, those cases have occurred frequently in our 
northwestern country. It is seldom that a rescue 
is madc wherc the penalties are not enforced upon 
the rescuers; and then civil suits are brought to 
get pay fbr thc slaves and the damages; and the 
damages are not generally limited to the value, 
but smart money, by way of exemplary punish- 
ment, is usually enforccd. I think, therefore, 
there is very little ground for complaint, so far as 
the section of country in which I live is concerned, 
on this subject of fugitive slaves; and yet I know 
that the southern people are induced to believe a 
slave is never rcturncd; that if they once get into 
a northern State they are gone forever; ünd they 
are made to believe so simply because the cases 
of actual return are never published, and only the 
exceptional case •of rescue comes to the knowl- 
edge of the country. I wish we could have a list 
of e all thc fugitives and of the number returned 
and of the number that have been rescued; and I 
venture the assertion that southern gentlemen 
would bc utterly arnazed at the fidelity with which 
that law has been executed. I believe, if they 
could have a record of all thc cases, and a truc 
statement of the fact, they would be ashamed to 
up that subject as one of the cau.ses of conen- 
plaißt which justify the dissolution oftbis Union. 
I have no apology to make for the personal lib- 
erty bills. 
I believe they were made in violation 
o? the spirit and Inost of thern in violation of the 
letter of the Constitution. 
I believe they never 
should havc been upon the statute-book. 
think 
they out-cht to be repealed at once. 
I think our 
northern people ought to repeal them as a duty 
to. tl)emselves, and not upon the demand of the 
southern people. We should put ourselves in the 
right, and -the first step should be to take them 
from the statute-book, iör they are calculated to 
defent the faithful performance of a constitutional 
obligation. The State that I have the honor to 
represent has never passed any such law. Our 
legislation has been friendly to the performance 
of every constitutional obligation. I wish there 
was no cause of complaint in other States. But 
yet, while we hear the personal liberty bills pre- 
sented as the cause of disunion, we are told' and, 
so far as I know, the Statement is true, thatin no 
one case have those bills been the cause of de- 
priving the master from recapturing his slave. 
Those bills generally exist in. those parts -of the 
country where fugitives never go. 
It so happens that there is the greatest excite- 
ment upon this question just in proportion as you 
recede from the line between the free and the slave 
States. Those of us that live upon the bor&er, 
and have commercial intercourse and social rela- 
tions across the line, can live in peacewith each 
other. There never was a- time when my friend 
from Missouri and myself could not have settled 
this question by referring it to two justices of the 
peace, selected on either side of the river, and let 
them choose a third, and agree by the award. 
Those who live next to each other are friendly to 
each othci•. 
If you go Norths up-into Vermont, 
where they scarcely ever see a slave, and would 
not know how he looked, they are disturbed by 
the wrongs of the poor slave just in proportion 
as they are ignorant of the South. When you 
get down South into Georgia and Alabama, where 
they never lose any slaves, they are disturbed by 
the outrages and losses under the non-fülfillment 
of the fugitive law just in proportion as they have 
no interest in it, and dd not know what they are 
talking about. [Laughter and apphuse in the 
galleries.] Now, sir— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FITZPAT- 
RICK in the chair.) The Senator will suspend 
his remarks for moment to allow the Chair to 
admonish the galleries. 
It becomes the duty of 
the Chair to say to the galleries that it is his im- 
perative duty to maintain order. A renewal of 
the disorder in the galleries will impose upon him 
a very unpleasant duty; that is, the enforcement 
of the rules of the Senate, which requires him to 
clear them. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Now, sir, as between 
nois and Kentucky, we should have no diffculty 
in settling this question. Between Kentucky and 
Ohio and Indiana, I have no doubt they would 
settle it upon terms satisfactory to them, So be- 
tween Maryland and Pennsylvania. In fact, if 
the border States, the border free States, and the 
border slaveholding States, who know the evils of 
which they complain, and the appropriate remedy 
for those evils, should be pernnitted to decide-this 
question, I assure you the Union would last for- 
If this Union is to be severed fit will be 
ever. 
because the two extremes, who are so far from 
each other that they do not understand the evils 
of the question, are each acting under a misap- 
prehension towards the other,.and hence are doing 
Injustice to each other. 
Sir, as I said x.vhen I urose, am not going into 
the discussion of the merits of any of these ques- 
tions. My ob$ect in rising was to sustain my 
friend from 01110 in the declaration, so far as our 
northwrestern country is concerned, that the fugi- 
tive slave law is executed with as much fidelity as 
most laws upon the statute-books of the Union; 
and in those cases where there has been violence 
used, so that the slaves have been rescued after the 
arrest, usually there have been prosecutions and 
penalties enforced, and, in addition , suits brought, 
and the value of the slaves and damages recov- 
eyed in every case, so far as I know. I will be 
willing to leave the question to Judge McLean, and 
abidc his decision, whether, during the whole pe- 
riod he lias been upon the bench in the Northwest, 
he ever knew a jury in any northwestern State 
to refuse to find a verdict where the facts would 
permit. a verdict to be found. Judge McLean, 
Republican as he is, has executed that fugitive 
save law with entire fidelity, so far as I know. I 
do not think that any man who has ever wit- 
nessed those trials in our courts, would impeach 
either the impartiality or the fidelity of any one 
of the United States judges, or the finding of the 
jury in any one case in that part of the country 
in which I reside. -There may be an exception. 
If there is, I am not aware of it. There may be 
