1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
53 
instances where fugitive slaves run away and are 
never found. There are instances where our 
horscs are stolen and carried off, and we never 
find them. But I am speaking of the causes of 
complaint which arise from the non-execution of 
the law; and I say that justice has not been re- 
fused where a case has ever been brought before 
Judge McLean, or where an attempt has been 
made to bring it before a constitutional court. 
I apologize again to the Senate for having ex- 
tended these remarks. My object is not to create 
irritation, but to soothe the excited state of feeling 
in order that we may discuss this question in a 
proper temper and upon its merits. 
I repeat, my 
purpose is to meet this question fairly. Letusasccr- 
tain precisely the points in dispute; letuslayaside 
all sectional feelings and party strife, and see if 
we cannot agree upon a line of policy which will 
secure equal rights, equal protection, and equal 
iustice to every State, and to the citizens of every 
State in this Union. 
Mr. THOMSON. 1 do not rise at this 
to make a speech, but •simply to ask a question 
of the Senator from Georgia. He referred to a 
New Jersey casc in which the fugitive slave law 
had not been executed. I am not aware of any 
such case, and i svill be very much obliged to him 
if he will tell me what case he refers to. 
Mr. IVERSON. about 
it. Of course, i rely upon newspaper authority. 
The facts v,.rcre stated in the ilewspapers. 
not now remember the name—it has passed out 
of my memory—but thc case was this: the mar- 
shak of your State, or one of his deputies, went 
to a house to arrest a fugitive slave upon the 
aflidavit of his owner or the agent of the owner. 
The fugitive was confined in the house, and refused 
to surrendcr himsclfup. The marshal summoned 
a posse of some eight or ten, perhaps fifteen or 
twenty. The fugitive asked that the arrest might 
be deferred until morning, and that he might be 
allowed to stay in the house until morning. T hc 
marshal granted it, and, in the mean time a mob 
came and drove the marshal and his posse off. 
Mr. THOMSON. That is your newspaper 
account. I have never heard of it. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 db not mean, sir, at this 
time, to enter into this discussion, bccausc I be- 
lieve, if there are friends of the Union upon 
this floor, they had better cease their wrangling, 
and endeavor to do something to save that Union. 
I simply rise, however, for the purpose of stating 
the facts of the case to which allusion has been 
m4de, where it was charged that New Jersey 
had offered resistance to the fugitive slave lavv 
upon a recent occasion. I was certain that the 
honorable Senator who made that declaration was 
icrnorant of the facts, or he never would have 
made it. 
Sir, that casc occurred within the last three 
It occurred within the county where I 
weeks. 
live. [t happened within two miles of the county 
town where I reside, and profess to be familiar 
It happened two or three days 
with the facts. 
before I left home for the purpose of rcsumino• 
my seat upon this floor. The simple facts are 
these: ten white men and one black man—the 
Inost of tho white men coming from the city of 
Philadelphia—headcd by a Inan by the name of 
Albcrti, who has figured largely in transactions 
of this kind before, camc to the house of a negro 
man in four carriages, at ten o'clock at night; 
whcthcr possessed of warrants or not, I know not; 
for they never showed them. They asked for 
admission of the owner of that house, who was 
alleged to be a fugitive slave—a man.by the name 
of Pct•ry Simmons. Tho inmates of that house 
were Simmons, his wife, and child. Thev asked 
for admi*.siorv, aud upon boing refused, claimed 
that they came there to arrest him upon a warrant 
fora larceny. He rcfuscd to open the door. 'They 
burst the door in. Ele retreated to the head of 
the stairway, held a gnn in his ha_nds, .and his 
wife seized an ax. The marshal to whom allu- 
Sion has been made, offered to ascend the stairs 
and arrest him. He declared that he would take 
life, if necessary to protect himself; and this 
worthy marshal, with his posse of nine men and 
onc negro, left the house, and stood about thc 
door of that house until daylightin the morning, 
without proccedinæ further to execute thcir war- 
rant, with no other man beincr present about those 
premises. At daylight, the son ofa farmer with 
whom I am well acquainted, hearing thc uproar, 
started to this house—the man being engacred 
as a workman upon his farm—to ascertain what 
the difiiculty was. He is a highly respectable 
man; and his account is, that as he approached 
this marshal with his posse, they told him to 
stop, for if hc came any nearer it would be at the 
risk of his life. He then said he would sce what 
the occasion of the uproar was, and left the 
ground; and immediately this posse, with their 
marshal, scrambled to their carriages, whipped 
up their horses, and madc their escape from the 
county, and took refuge in the city Of Philadel- 
phia. 
This is what the Senator from Gcorgia calls a 
refusal on the part of conservative Now Jersey 
to execute the fugitive slave law! This, too, oc- 
curred within two miles from a court-house which, 
upon the last occasion of the arrest of three fugi- 
tive slaves, did, by the voice of a jury of the in- 
dependent farmers of the county of Burlington, 
return those three fugitive slaves to the constitu- 
ents of the Senator from Maryland, without a 
single voice being raised on the part of any one 
to gainsay their action or their right. Thesc mat- 
ters are misrepresented; and, as the honorable 
Scnator from Illinois said, the South do not un- 
derstand the truc feeling of the North upon this 
subject. They seem to me to greedily catch at 
every newspaper story, no matter how,' false it 
may be, or how colored 'it may bd, for the pur- 
pose of inflamiw, acyøravating, and exciting the 
public mind of the South against the true-hearted 
men of the North. 
With these remarks, sir, I leave the subject. 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, 1 live upon the 
western bank of the Mississippi, and every naorn- 
ing I look at the soil of two States; and when I 
go to the top of my house I look at the soil of 
three—I mean Missouri and Illinois. Having 
lived there for more than twenty years, I have a 
good deal of experience; and, while I do not in- 
tend to make a speech to excite any passions, I 
think it right, in a love meeting, to state one's 
experience. 
The people of Illinois, so far as I have had in- 
tercourse with them, if you bring a palpable, case 
beforc them, arrest the negro, and bring him into 
court, will generally enforce the fugitive slave 
law; but in nine cases out of tcn fou cannot•thus 
I prosecuted a case which 
bring him into court. 
was decided in the supreme court of Illinois, 
before Judge Douglas—I was the prosecuting 
lawyer and he the judge upon the l)cnch—whcn 
the jury found the defendant guilty, and I believe 
some of that same feeling prevails to this day. 
But how many of those cases come into court? 
Not ono in twenty. A gentleman residing in 
he saw nine neo•roes 
I Ifinois told me, this fall, 
brought there and put into a railroad car arid 
locked up and sent forward to Chicago without 
it being In the power of anybody to rescue them, 
secure them, or otherwise. Once in a while you 
catch one, but the nine go. I remember reading 
of one who was healed of lcprosy, and he gave 
thanks to God; but the question was, where were 
the nine? None returned thanks save onc; and 
I do not say 
so it is with the fugitive slaves. 
this to the prejudice of the law-abiding, good 
! people of Illinois. They will carry out the law 
in a stroncr case if you bring it before their eyes; 
but, they will not see it unlcss you force them to 
do so, and thcv will shut their eyes if they can. 
I mean many or them. T hc people of Blooming- 
ton do it, and tho manacrcrs of the railroad there 
• do it, and my constituents suffer in consequence 
of their doing it. 
I want something more effective. I. know that 
I if you will pick out forty men of Illinois, and 
forty mcn of Missouri, they will ali say, 'We 
will stand by the law and the Constitution.' 
in the practical admin- 
They will all say it; 
istration of affairs, in the actual occurrences that 
take place, is this thing so? If not', what is the 
remedy? Divide? Well, if there is no other 
Now, I know that the fugitive slave law: is 
not executed—no, I. will not say that; I am using 
improper language; but I will say this: that nine 
out of ten of the fugitive slaves are not returned. 
I know that some horses are lost; but they ore 
not lost under the same influences, or the same 
circumstances. It is not a vitiated, corrupt, and 
base hypocritical sentiment that leadS men to steål 
horses; it is pecuniary gain only. It is nat so 
with the negro. When he is stolen and secreted 
and run off, there is something behind—something 
more than the hope of pecuniary reward. II know 
they get the reward, for the man that put thosc 
nine negroes at Bloomington into the car and locked 
them up, told, and showed the letter of acknowl- 
edgment, that he got fifty dollars a head for do- 
ing it. Who paid him? Black Republicans of 
Chicago. 
Now, I am telling truths that I can proveän a 
court of justice; and ahese are only mere exam- 
pies to illustrate the enormity of the injury that 
we suffer every day. The good men of Illinois 
are as good as the good men anywhere; the good 
men of Ohio are as good as the .good men any- 
where; and so I can say of all the northern States; 
but there are bad men, there are corrupt men, and 
there are men who think they are conscientious, 
and yet are influenced by a fanaticism that drives 
them headlong, régardless ofcohsequences, to the 
injury of our population and the destruction of 
our property. 
How can we stop that? There arc but two 
ways to do it. One way is for a reaction of tbut 
public sentiment by honest and fair and manly 
appeals; the other is by physical power to pre- 
I am for the physical power. I want a 
vent. 
strong Government; I want a Government strong 
enough to discharge its functions; and if it is not, 
I would spit upon the Government. OA Govern- 
ment that promises and guaranties and enacts, 
and cannot execute and enforce, is such a Gov- 
ernment as I do not want; and it ought to be the 
most pitiable, contemptible object on the face of 
God 's earth ; and the man who would advocate it 
I should think 'Ought to skulk behind the bush 
and hide himself. fs the Government worthy of 
being respected? Yes. Are its guarantees to be 
carried out? Yes. How? One man says by pub- 
lic sentiment. Well, that is a glorious mode; it 
suits my approbation precisely; it meets my feel- 
ings; but if you do not get that consent and that 
common approbation, how then? Thereis nothing 
but physical power to do it. Do you say that 
that will drive us into disunion? Let it do it. Do 
you say that it will drive us into despotism—into 
a centralization of the Government? Let it come. 
I I had rather this moment have a centralized Gov- 
crnment=a despotism with Louis Napoleon and 
the Prince of Wales over me this hour—than have 
anarchy and confusion, and nolaw, and no respect 
for my rights. That is my determination, and I 
intend to act upon it. It may look to some as if 
were advocating monarchy. Be it so. In the 
language of Thomas Jefferson, I would rzuher 
have one good monarch than four hundred bad 
ones; for if despotism has to come, if anarchy and 
confusion arc to prevail, if truth is to be abolished, 
and constitutional guarantees set at naught, give 
me vicor and energy and power. 
Nox.v, I know that the fugitive slave law is 
enforced in proper cases generally; but nine cases 
out of ten evade the law, and never come before 
the law; and therefore it x,vill not do for my 
friends from Ohio and Illinois, with their good 
intentions, and with the truthfulness which I 
know distinguishes them, to say the law is main- 
taincd. W fiile they are telling the truth in that, 
they lose sight of the other point that nine cases 
out of ten do not come to the knowledge of the 
law, and no cognizance is taken of them. There 
is no evasion, we may say; but it is all secret, 
private. Our property is stolen; but if you will 
put on the border a police armed and equipped, 
strong enough to enforce the law, from the North 
remedy, I say divide; but I think there is another to the South, from the East to the West, and to 
to make use of. At any rate, let us attempt it. protect the North from wrongs from the South, 
That is, to arm the Federal Governrucnt with and to protect the South from wrongs from the 
power cnougb to protect and enforce. YVherevcr North, to protect one section against invasion 
the functions of the Federal Government arc from another, you will be but accomplishing a 
vested, wherever its power extends, there givc it duty imposed upon you by the Federal Constitu- 
I will tion which no man yet has ever opened his mouth 
adequate physical force to carry it out. 
If you call it a military despotism, do to have accomplished in the Congress of the 
do that. 
so. I would rather have military despotism I United States. 
I Sir, this thing must be done, or—I make no 
than anarchy and confusion. 
