1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
55 
jury—certainly a jury consisting of a majority 
of Republicans, and among the rest, if am 
not mistaken, the candidate elected for Lieu- 
tenant Governor of Illinois—indicted all the par- 
ties; and they are now under bonds for their 
appearance at court to stand their trial for the 
rescue. 
Mr. POWELL. As reference has been made 
to the action of our neighbors over the border, by 
the Senator from Indiana, it affords me very great 
pleasure to state that our neighbors immediately 
adjoining Kentucky—Indiana and Illinois—have 
usually acted with fidelity to us in this matter. 
But while that is the truth, I regret to say that 
we are suffering daily loss by the very active 
operations of the underground railroad. 
I regret that I cannot say so much for the State 
of Ohio, represented by my distinguished friend 
from that State who has just spoken, [Mr. PUGH.] 
We have just ground of complaint against the 
State of Ohio. Her present Governor, Mr. Den- 
nison, has refused to deliver up a fugitive from 
justice, who stands indicted for the stealing of 
slaves in the courts of Kentucky, on demand. 
being made by the Governor of Kentucky, in 
accordance with the Constitution and laws of the 
United States. The present Executive of that 
State, in my judgtnent, trampled the laws and the 
Constitution of the country under his feet when 
he refused that demand. 
There was also a case that occurred some time 
arro where the late Governor of Illinois, in my 
judgment, failed to discharge his duty as the Ex- 
ccutive of one of the States of this Union. The 
tuc,t.s in that case, as I understand them, are about 
these: a negro was run off from the center of Ken- 
tucky—from the very town of my colleague, I 
believe. That neo•ro was indicted for stealing. 
Hc wcnt to Canada. He afterwards went to Illi- 
nois. He was indicted, and sentenced to impris- 
onment in that State for an offense committed 
there, and confined in their penitentiary. The 
owner found it out. He went over there, and had 
an interview with the late Governor of Illinois. 
This negro stood indicted in Kentucky; and, as 
J. understand the facts, the owner procured a 
demand from the Governor of Kentucky for his 
delivery. The parties, in a communication which 
I saw published in the newspapers, stated that 
they had an interview with the Governor, and 
he Issued the requisition; but, in the mean time, 
he gave notice to the keeper of the penitentiary 
that the negro man was released, and the Aboli- 
tionists, by the underground railway, took him 
again to Canada; and when the partiés reached 
the penitentiary with the requisition, they did not 
get the negro. 
'l'hese, I think, are grave offenses, in violation 
of {he constitutional rights of our people. 
hope, sir, that the present Governor of Ohio does 
not truly represent the feeling of the people of 
I do further know that, Ken- 
that great State. 
tucky sustains an annual loss of more than one 
hundred thousand dollars of her slave property 
by means of the negro thieves who take them and 
I 
run them off by the underground railway. 
regret that i can only partially confirm the state- 
ment of the Senators who represent those States 
which border on Kentucky, so far as the good 
feeling of their constituents is concerned, and 
I thought it 
their faith in executing the laws. 
was due, as my State had been appealed to, that 
I should make this statement. 
about the statement of the case, though I am not 
now prepared to give all the facts precisely. 
Mr. POWELL. The Seiator from Ohio is 
evidently mistaken as to thc facts. This party 
stood indicted in the courts of Kentucky for slave 
stealing. The indictment showed that t.he offense 
was committed there, and that the party was 
there; and the refusal to deliver him up was upon 
the ground that negro stealing was not an offense 
under the common law. I think the Governor 
of his State not only put the Constitution and 
the laws of the Union under his feet, but acted in 
disregard of his oath of omce. 
Mr. WADE. I do not pretend to know pre- 
cisely the circumstances of the case; but I remem- 
bcr having read the opinion of the attorney genr 
era! of Ohio, and I know it was predicated on the 
fact that the party had never been in Kentucky, 
and I supposed that appeared on the face of the 
I do not know much about it, 
proceedings. 
however. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 would say to the 
ble Senator, if he does not know much about it, 
he should investigate the facts before he attempts 
to enlighten the Senate. Why, sir, a distinguished 
citizen of his own State, in an address he deliv- 
ered to thc people a little while ago, (I mean Hon. 
Thomas Ewing,) condemned this action of the 
Governor; and I was glad to see one of the most 
distinguished men of his State reflect properly on 
the action of the Executive of that State. 
Mr. PUGH. I want to ask the, Senator from 
1 do not justify Governor 
Kentucky a question. 
Dennison's proceeding. It was wrong; but it has 
gone upon the idea adopted by too many Gov- 
eruors, that they are never bound to surrender a 
fugitive from justice unless where thc offense 
charged is an offense by the law of their own 
State; and I wish to ask the Senator from Ken- 
tuck y if heis notaware of the fact that a Governor 
of Kentucky himself made that decision in refer- 
ence to a case from Indiana? That was the case 
ofa man indicted in the State of Indiana for kid- 
napping. When the Governor of Indiana de- 
mandcd him of Ke.ntucky, she did not give him 
up. Now, I say both decisions are wrong; but 
if we must have crimination, let us have it on all 
sides. 
Mr. POWELL. You ask me if the Governor 
of Kentucky has not refused— 
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Senator if that decision 
was not made by the Governor of Kentucky, in 
answer to u demand from the Governor of Indi- 
Mr. POWELL. In answer to that, 1 will say 
to the Senator that, if any such decision was ever 
made by the Governor of Kentucky, it is unknown 
to me. It was certainly not the ruling practice in 
the offcc when I had the honor of being Governor 
of that State. 
Mr. PUGH. I saw it in the Louisville Jour- 
nal. That is m v authority. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 will say my distinguished 
friend now, that was fully aware, before he gave 
utterance to it, that he did not approve of the con- 
duct of his Governor; for personally he has said 
to me that his Governor was wron(f. 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, we seem to have 
entered on exactly that field which I had hoped 
bc avoided—one of crimination and re- 
had desired, if it were possible, 
crimination. 
that we should consider this subject as a grave 
one, involving great public interests; and that if 
Mr. WADE. I know buta little about the case II there was any prospect of such an adjustment as 
we, the injured party, ought to accept, •we should 
alluded to by the Senator from Kentucky; but I 
believe the difficulty in the way of the Governor 
of Ohio surrendering the person claimed on the 
application of the Governor of Kentucky, was 
this: if I recollect aright, the attorney general of 
Ohio investigated the case, (and I believe I once 
read his opinion,) and it appeared that thc indict- 
ment did not show that the party claimed was 
ever in the State of Kentucky; and I believe it 
was a conceded fact that he never was there, and 
therefore conld not have been guilty of the offense. 
T hc fact was, that they charged him with some 
complicity ill) Ohio, some connivance in getting 
slaves away; but, as I understand the matter, the 
fact appearing on the face of the proceeding that 
he had never been in the State of Kentucky, and 
as, therefore, the indictmenlitselfsbowed thal no 
such offense could possibly have been comnut- 
ted there by him, it was l)éid that our Governor 
I believe that is 
had no right to surrender him. 
be made aware of it. "Ithe men who live along 
the border have been complaining from year to 
year that their property is stolen, and no man has 
ever disputed it. And it seems like the grossest 
fiction that ever was attempted, to say now that 
propcrty is safe, when property has actually dis- 
appeared from the border; when it is wel} known 
that, in parts of Maryland, you scarcely find the 
remnant of the property which once culüvated 
the land; when the border has been driven back 
in western Virginia and along the frontier of Ken- 
tucky; when the same state of things exists in 
Missouri, too, as represented by my friend on 
do not think gentle- 
ray right, [Mr. GREEN.] 
men arc inecting this question in a spirit likely 
ever to bring good result, M.'hen they attempt to 
plead that here and there thc law has been exe- 
cuted, when it is every welk known that combi- 
nati0i)s exist to prevent the law being applied, 
that rescues are made from time-to time suåcient 
to show what the public feeling in those commu- 
nitieS is. 
But we are told, sir, that there are extreme 
opinions; that the-extremes at the North and the 
extremes at the South are both wrong, and that 
opinion must be corrected in both quarters. Does 
the extreme South assail the rightsof anybody? 
Does the extreme South attempt to nullify the 
constitutional rights of any citizen,of the United 
States? Does the extreme South pretend, to sit 
in judgment upon the institutions of other com- 
munities? If not, what have we to reform or-to 
correct? What matters it how we are 
of the domestic affairs of other people, provided 
we leave them to manage their own affairs—the 
theory upon which our Government was founded, 
and the only one on which it can be perpetuated? 
If it were useful, if it were pleasant, if It were in 
any sense profitable, my own attention has been 
suffciently drawn to these outrages on the law, 
to enable me to make out here a Iohg list of speci- 
fications. The newspapers have brought us, from 
tlme to time, the declarations of men who are 
seeking popular favor by dec.larations most- hos- 
tile to the constitutional rights of the South, in 
relation to their property in slaves. The very 
Governor who has been drawn into this contro- 
versy has been represented as proclaiming that 
not onc fugitive should be delivered from his State 
until the whole military power of that State had 
been exhausted in protecting him. 
Mr. WADE. He has denied that over and 
over affain. 
Mr. DAVIS. Then I hope he is not guilty. 
The charge I havc seen repeated so often that r 
I am glad to know now, that 
took it to be true. 
there is doubt as to its truth. I had, myself, 
Mr. President, a desire, I might -almost say a 
hope, that Senators representing constituencies 
holding opinions which had led certain of the 
States to look to their condition, as one which 
necessarily impelled them to seek their safety out 
of the Union, would here inform us if we were 
mistaken. It is not by pleading _to special cases 
and asking for specifications, it is not by crimin- 
ation and recrimination, that the sense of the peo- 
ple is likely to be changed, or the action of the 
States now to- judge in the last resort 
is to be modified in hny degree, or that their re- 
spect for the manner in which the subject is here 
treated is to be heightened. All that can serve 
usefül purpose. at the t.ime is to bring forth evi- 
dence, If the fact exists, of that kind of feeling 
toward us, the absence of which we consider the 
greatest grievance under which we labor. 
not wish now to parade the laws which have 
been enacted to violate, not only ouc constitu- 
tional rights, but those obligat.ions of comity ex- 
isting between friendly States. There is no use 
in it. The occasion for such argument has passed 
by. We have to deal with events which are now 
transpiring, and about to be consummated, and 
angry discussion here, and the arraignment of 
men for the evil they have done, will serve but 
little good here or elsewhere. The purpose to -do 
good hereafter is the only hope for any change of 
policy in thosc States that are now looking to 
their sovereign powers for their own defense. 
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I confess that 
I listened with amazement to what fell from the. 
honorable Senator from Illinois upon the subiect 
of the difficulty, most generally the impossibility, 
of' recovering fugitive slaves when they get into 
If that Senator had confined his 
the free States. 
remarks to his own State, f should not have felt 
myself called upon to say a word. It is so re- 
mote from my State that what may happen there 
I know but through the newspapers, and they 
may be, and very probably are, exaggerated. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. My statements of fåct, I 
believe, were all confined to my own State ; though 
the general opinions I expressed were not. 
Mr. MASON. That may be; but with regard 
to those in the southern States who complain of 
the refusal in good faith to execute that part of 
the Constitution which requires slaves to be sur- 
rendered, I understood the Senator to express a 
general opinion that we were ignorant on the 
subject. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; I said Virginia and 
Pennsylvania and Maryland, the border free 
States and the border slave States, did understand 
the question very well; but that those living in 
