1860. 
law. He does not complain that the Federal Ad- 
ministration has not done its duty undcr the law. 
He makes no such complaint of Mi. Buchanan 
or of- Mr. Pierce or of Mr. Fillmore, and those 
arc the only Presidents we have had since his 
If they have performed their 
law took effect. 
duty in good faith under the law, and yet the 
obligations of the Constitution are not fulfilled, 
there must be a defect in the law. If the law 
which lie gave us, and which, at the time, he sup- 
posed was suffcient to perform the constitutional 
obligation, has proved to bc insuffcient, I shoul(l 
suppose that he would see the propriety of bring- 
ing forward an amendment to his own law, in- 
stead of referring the matter to a convention of 
the people of Virginia. If that law is not suf- 
ficient to perform the constitutional obligation, it 
is his duty and mine to make it suffcient. I am 
ready to-day to voü3 for any supplementary law 
that may be necessary and proper to carry out 
in good faith that obligation of the Constitution. 
-If the Senator will indicate it, will prepare it, and 
bring it into the Senate, I doubt not that it will 
be passed before the 4th of March, and become 
the law of the land. 
Then, sir, why is it that the non-execution of 
a law, or a defect in an act of Congress,' cannot 
be remedied in Congress, but must be referred to 
a convention of the States? And what sort of a 
convention of the States is proposed? Nota con- 
vention of all the States; but it is proposed that 
the southern States shall go into convention by 
themselves, and the northern States by them- 
selves; and when they get into separate conven- 
tions the same misapprehensions that have blinded 
the judgment of Senators here will blind the judg- 
ment of the conventions; and each convention 
will criminate against the other section, and have 
nobody there to expose the error. The Senator 
thinks it a misfortune that we have got upon these 
am delighted that we have some spe- 
details. 
cifications, so that we can discuss details. All I 
ask is, that the specification of grievances shall be 
made out. Give us each charge and each specifi- 
cation. If there is any one that can be substanti- 
ated, I will vote for the necessary legislation and 
the necessary power in the Executive to remove 
it; and every one that is not true should be aban- 
doned. I hold that there grievance growing 
out of a non-fulfiilment of constitutional obliga- 
tions, which cannot be remedied under the Con- 
stitution and within the Union; and I hold that 
every constitutional obligation imposed by that 
instrument must be executed by the Federal Gov- 
If legislation is necessary, Congress is 
ernment. 
the proper tribunal to furnish that legislation, and 
not conventions of the separate States. These 
suggestions of conventionS by separate States it 
is easy to understand. It is departing from the 
Constitution of our country. The Constitution 
docs not prescribe that as a mode of fulfilling con- 
stitutional obligations. The Constitution has 
pointed out a mode by N.vhich constitutional obli- 
gations shall be fulfillcd. When lcgislation is 
necessary, let us enact it. Let him who says 
there is not the requisite legislation point out the 
defect, and brinT In the bill that will afford the 
requisite legislation. Then, if the Executive does 
not fulfill his duty by executing the laws faith- 
fully, let us have him impeached. The Consti- 
t.ution has prescribed the mode of doing it; has 
pointed out the tribunal to impeach him, and 
the tribunal to try him. So long as there is no 
complaint that Lhc Executive has not done his 
duty, it follows either that thc laws have been 
faithfully cxccuted, or that there is a defect in 
them. If there isa defect in the law, it is the fault 
of the•Senator from Virginia and myself that such 
defect exists; and, as he framed the law, he, of all 
men on earth, is under the highest moral obliga- 
tion to revise his own work, and give us a good 
law, and not brcak up the Government because 
he framed a bad law, and refuses to correct the 
error. 
Mr. WIGFALL obtained the floor. 
Mr. MASON t Mr. President, one word— 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 have but a few words to 
sa myself. 
{Ir. DOUGLAS. I think it right that the Sen- 
ator from Virginia should be heard in response 
to me. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
57 
never heard of any defect in it; and yet the Sen- 
ator says that if we do not recover our slaves it 
must be by reason of a defect in the law, and that 
we are at fault because we do not supply the de- 
fcct. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Either a defect in the law er 
a defect in the administration of the law. If you 
do not recover your property in a case whcrc you 
bring it before the courts, that is the fault in the 
administration of the law; but if you do not 
bring it before the courts, it is your fault, not 
ours. 
Mr. MASON. If the honorable Senator ex- 
pects to Qperate in the slightest degree on public 
sentiment in the South by meeting their allega- 
tions of grievances under the Union by that mode 
of argument, I say to him, with all respect, he 
will not only not do it, but he will actually in- 
flame it. What I want to present is this: unless 
wc have evidences from the people in the convcn- 
tions of the States to show us to the contrary, by 
adequate and undoubted security in some form, 
we are becoming satisfied that we cannot with 
honor remain undera common Government. That 
is all. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President—- 
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman in- 
dulge me, for a moment, to make a suggestion to 
the Senator from Virginia? That Senator is aware, 
I presume, that in the Prigg case the Supreme 
Court decided that it was the exclusive power and 
duty of Congress to legislate under that clause of 
the Constitution. Is he not aware that it was 
further decided in that case that all State legisla- 
tion in aid of the return of fugitive slaves •was un- 
constitutional and void? Is he not aware that that 
is the decision which blocks up any aid by State 
legislation in favor of returning fugitives ? 
Mr. WIGFALL.' Mr. President, the Senator 
from Illinois says that he is gratified that we are 
going into details, discussing minor points—one 
of which was incidentally alluded to by the Sen- 
ator from Georgia; for, in the catalogue of griev- 
ances, he mentioned incidentally this matter of 
It is 
the non-cxecution of the fugitive slave bill. 
a matter that concerns very few States, and those 
that are concerned about It seem perfrctly con- 
tent. That does not go to the gist— 
Mr. FOOT. Will the Senator let us adjourn? 
Mr. WIGFALL. No, 1 will 
have something to say before I can acrce to ad- 
I bcg the Senator's pardon if 1 answered 
journ. 
him brusquely. I did not so mean. 
The Senator from Illinois says that he is glad 
x.ve are going into details, and making specifica- 
tions; and he pledges himself here before the 
country, and as a Senator, that if we will make 
out our list of grievances, and state the specifica- 
tions, he, by lhs vote, will remove them. Now, 
sir, I accept the pledge, and 1 will state a griev- 
It IS, that the inhabitants of a Territory, 
ancc. 
gathered from every quarter of the world—from 
the Five Points of New York and the purlieus 
of London—under homestead bills, havc squüted 
upon domain that belongs to these States; that 
they, in their arrogance and impudence, counte- 
Danced by men whose opinions havc in other 
days weighed with the people of the United States, 
and in open violation of the organic law, (if such 
a term can be applied to a mere parchment writing 
that passes the Federal Legislature,) in open vio- 
lation of the law of Congress that orgamzed the I 
Teyritory, havc attempted to decide what is prop- 
criy and what is not, and to confiscate it. Now, 
I ask the Senator from Illinois whether he will 
vote to repeal their unconstitutional, illegal legis- 
lation, and whether he will vote, in order to re- 
store peace to the country, for enforcing the laws 
and protecting the rights of the people of the 
South in their property within the Territories? 
That is one of the grievance.s under which we 
It is 
are excited, under which we are suffering. 
one of the points that has excited the public mind 
as much as any other, and the country in which 
I live infinitely more than the fugitive slave bill, 
It is this 
or all other bills upon that question. 
oral Constitution. Three times in -that compact 
are they recognized as property. First, there is 
a provision that, before the year 1808, the slave 
trade should not be interrupted. Then iL -was 
recognized as a legitimate matter of. commerce. 
The slave trade could not by •Congress ••bp inter- 
fered with for twenty fears. It was the only, 
branch of trade that could not be interfered with. 
Tbis was a clear, distinct recognition of tho 
ciple that man has the right to own property in 
man—yes, sir, and to traffc in the souls andv 
bodies of mm-I. That is in the Constitution. 
Another recognition of slaves as property- is in 
the further provision that when they escape they 
shall be delivered up on claim of their owners. 
The third is the provision as to taxation and rep- 
rese.ntation. We say, then, that slaves are prop- 
erty by the law of the land; by our own Statc 
constitutions and State laws; that slaves are 
recognized in the Federal Constitution. as prop- 
erty. We say that within our own limits ',ve 
will protect that species of property. Within 
the limits of the States Whcrc it is mot property, 
we ask no protection. We say that in all Fed- 
eral territory, in this District of Columbia, on 
board our merchant vessels when three -miles 
from shore, wherever the Federal flag floats, or 
the Federal laws extcnd, or the Federal courts 
have jurisdiction, thc•rc we at•e entitled to pro- 
tection unless this Government is unlike any 
other Government that ever was instituted by 
man, and is not pledged to protect the property 
of citizens that is within and under its jurrsdic- 
tion. These being our views, we demand that 
in the District of Columbia, in the forts, in the 
navy-yards, in the dock-yards, on board of our 
merchant vessels when three miles from land, and 
in the Territories, that species of property shall 
be protected by Federal legislation. Will the 
Senator give us that protection ? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will answer the question 
of the Senator. I think he is utterly mistaken in 
supposing that that is the cause of complaint. 
think he is utterly mistaken in supposing the 
Union is to be dissolved because of the violation 
of southern rights in that matter— 
Mr. WIGFALL. Though 1 took my seat, 1 
gave way simply that the Senator might answer 
If he is going to answcr It, enough ; 
my question. 
if not, I-propose to go on. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I propose to answer by 
showing that that is not a cause of grievance; and 
I prove it by the Journal of this body, because a 
maiority of this Senate, the Senator included, 
voied under oath this very year, that that is not 
the cause. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Show it. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 think 1 am not mistaken 
as to the Senator's vote. When the resolutions 
of the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. DAv1s) 
werc up, and an amendment was offered by the 
other Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. BROWN,] 
declaring that there •wras now a necessity for le- 
gistation to protcct slave property in the Territo- 
ries, the Senate voted it down. They voted that 
there was no such cause existing; that no such 
outrage had occuyred as to create a necessity for 
legislation by this Government, and consequently 
they would not enact it. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Will the Senator turn to 
the record? because I do not care about being 
tried without it.. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The record is here. I make 
the statement. 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 deny it. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. When those resolutions 
were brought up, the Senator from Mississippi 
[Mr. BROWN] moved to amend by saying that a 
cause now existed; and he brought in, also, a 
bill to protect slave property in the Territories, 
and the Senate voted it down on the ground that 
the necessity does not now- exist, although they 
thought t.he t.ime miffht come when it would. 
Mr. WIGFALL. D No, sir. 
I deny it flatly 
and unqualifiedly. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will not, sir, at this late 
hour, go into the record, because it would take 
attempt of the inhabitants of a Territory to as- 
sume powers which are denied, in this day and I some time to hunt it up and present it; but I am 
I ready to hunt it up. But the statement that this 
generation, the people of sovereign States. 
I Union is to be dissolved because of an apprehen- 
Now put it to the Senator from likinöis. 
wish no dodging. Our proposition is, that slaves Sion that wc will not do what no one of these 
are property. We say that they are property by i gentlemen has brought in a bill to do, is a very 
Mr. MASON. The from Illinokpoints 
and am unaware of any defect in it; 1 have ] that they are recognized as property by the Fed- II that we have not passed laws to protect slavery 
