58 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 11, 
in the Territories,- why does not some one of you 
bringina bill toxprotect slavery in the Territories ? 
It will not do for you to say you will destroy the 
Union for fear we will riot do that which no man 
of you will bring forward a law io do. Nor €7ill 
it do for you to assume that such a bill 'would 
not be passed, until you, make the effort. 
I am 
ready to meet that question whenever you bririg 
up the bill. Point out your grievance, write your 
bill: to fit the grievance, and after you have pre- 
pared your bill, I will' discuss its provisions with 
you; you come to its passage, then I 
will show you my Vote on the -bill itself; and 
1 want you to record yours at the same time. It 
will be time enough for you to assign that as a 
cause for breaking up the Union when you have 
made an effort and have failed in getting the law 
passed. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, the Senator 
from Illinois, instead of answering my question, 
with what be considered Yankee shrewd- 
ness propoun s another; and instead of speaking 
to my indictment, hc prcfcrs onc against me. 
Now, sir, [ stand upon the record, and defy him 
to produce it here. When the Senator from Mis- 
sissippi [Mr. DAvrs] introduced resolutions set- 
ting forth the doctrines which I have stated, af- 
firming the right to protect property, the other 
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. BROWN] intro- 
duced another resolution, the precise words of 
which I do not now recollect; but it declared that 
an emergency had now arisen requiring legisla- 
tion 
Mr. DAVIS. 'c Experience having shown that 
the Constitution and common law do not afford 
us snmcient protection." That was the language. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Be may, when that 
question came up, I volcd for Mr. Davis's reso- 
lution, which contained a clear, distinct declara- 
tion we were bound to protect slave property 
wherever protection was necessary; and I did not 
vote for Mr. BROWN'S resolution, for the rea- 
sons which were then Tiven, that as to the fact 
whether u prohibitory law had passed in Kansas 
or not, I was not advised, nor as to whether such 
a law would bc there enforced; and I was not ad- 
vised whether the courts would then immediately 
bring a case up; and for divers other reasons, I 
chose not to vote for it. 
It was, in addition to 
that, changing the issue. 
Mr. DAVIS. If my friend from Texas will 
allow me, i think I can assist his memory. The 
resolution which was voted upon and negatived 
was one which'declared that cxperience had shown 
thnt the Constitution and common law did not 
afford sufficient protection to property in slavcs 
in the Territories. The bill, which was to annul 
tbc legislation of Kansas, was referred to a com- 
mittec, and was reported back by that committee, 
and you never voted updn it at all, because it 
never was brought to a vote. 'I'herc was no vote 
upon the direct question. 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 have, sir, confused— 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 should like to have the 
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. BROWN] state 
what arnendment was. Iwas sick at the time, 
and absent from the Senate, / have stated it from 
recollection of it as it was in the newspapers; but 
if I find that I have done the Senator from Texas 
injustice on a matter of fact, I should like an op- 
portunity to correct it; but I would like the Sen- 
ator fi•orn Mississippi, who moved thc amend rncnt, 
to state w bat it was. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Do you mean Mr. BR0wN's 
amend to Mr. Davxs 's resolution ? 
DOUGLAS.. Yes, sir. 
Mr. •WIGFALL. it. 
It was that 
tbc cmero•encv had already arisen. 
Mr. BROWN. 1 suppose, with the indul- 
gencc of Senators, call) state precisciy what wore 
the facts. My colleague introduced resolutions, 
onc of which was to this effect—I may not quote 
the languaoe precisely: that whenever experi- 
cnce shall show that thc executive and judicial 
branches of the Government have not sufficient 
powers to Rive adequate protection to slave prop- 
cyt.y in the Terrilones, then it will become neces- 
sary and proper for the Congress to interpose and 
give that protection. That was the fifth resolu- 
tion in the series. 
I, from circumstances which 
I do not detail, as [ have been interpolated into 
this discussion, believing the emergency had al- 
ready arisen, moved, as an amendment, a resolu- 
ti01'i declaring that experience having alrcady 
shown that the Constitution and the common law 
do not afford suffcient protection, it has become 
the duty of Congress to interpose and afford that 
protection. That was the substance of those 
resolutions. And now, in reference to the bill 
which I introduced—a bill to annul the laws of 
Kansas abolishing slavery in that Territory, and 
denouncing penalties against the master who 
claimed the right of property in a slave: I pre- 
sented it upon a certified copy of an act of the 
Territorial Legislature of Kansas, showing that 
they had passed laws not only abolishing slavery 
in that Territory, but denouncing the penalty (If 
my memory serves me) of $200 fine—a fine, at all 
events—and imprisonment. 
I referred that bill 
to the Committee on Territories, of which my 
friend from Missouri [Mr. GREEN] is chairman. 
At the same session ,we had a bill, from the 
House of Representatives, repealing the laws of 
New Mexico protecting slavery. My bill, ac- 
cording to my recollection, was held by the com- 
mittee one hundred and ten days, or about that 
time. In the samc month, and within ten days 
of each other, the Senator from Missouri reported 
back both bills. He reported against the bill of 
the House of Representatives, and reported in 
favor of discharging the committee from the fur- 
ther consideration of my bill. As I understood 
the report on my bill, it was this: that the propo- 
sition was not worthy of consideration. 
I know 
the committee did not say so; but when a Senate 
or House committee have propositions I,vhich they 
think not worthy of consideration, they ask to be 
discharged from them. They are not regarded as 
worthy of being reported for or against. That is 
the way I view it. There was no vote upon the 
bill in the Senate, as my colleague says. I rose 
in my place, on the report of the Senator from 
Missouri being made, (and, if thc record is cor- 
rcctly kept, it will show it,) and objected to the 
consideration of the report then. The report on 
the House bill was considered, and the Senate 
arrreed to it. 
Mr. GREEN. No. 
Mr. BROWN. 1 think so. My friend will 
•find, when hc looks to the record, that he is mis- 
taken. 
Mr. GREEN. The report on the I-louse bill 
was not considered, and it is now depending on 
thc Calendar. 
Mr. BROWN. The Senator will find himself 
mistaken. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 know 1 am not. 
Mr. BROWN. 1 will consult the record. 
Mr. WIGFALL. That is not the question. 
Mr. BROWN. I am answering the question 
put to me by the Senator from Illinois. 
Mr. WIGFALL. That an out- 
side issue. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator from Texas 
will allow me, I will now present the record. I 
have here the Journal. His statement is, that 
because we do not pass acts of Congress to protect 
slave property in the Territories, that fact is onc 
of the causes for dissolving or breaking up the 
Union. 
Mr. WIGFALL. No sir. 
I said that one of 
the causes, and one that has created more excite- 
ment and dissatisfaction thun any other, is, that 
this Government will not hereafter, and when it 
is necessary, interpose to protect slaves as prop- 
erty in tho Territories; and I asked the Senator 
if he would abandon his squat.t.or-soverciønty no- 
tions and agree to protect slaves as all othå• 
property? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. My this: 
that no such necessity yet exists, and that the 
Senator so voted, and the Senate so voted, at the 
last session; and I could not imaoine that he was 
ff0inø to break up tl'le Government on account of 
evils that do not exist, and \nay never arise. He 
denies that he ever voted that there is no such 
necessitv existing. 
have the record. 
Mr. TVVIGFALL. well, now, read it. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The 
of Mississippi, or rather onc of his series of res- 
olutions, was this: 
That the cxistinz condition of' the Territories of the 
United States does require the intervention of Conzress 
för the pfotection of property in slaves." 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Perhaps 1 have got the 
wronr resolution. 
Mr. DAVIS, Oh, very wrong. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Never mind. 1 do notcare 
whether it is Mr. DAvrs's or Mr. CLINGMAN'S. 
Mr. DAVIS. But that is very different from 
what Mr. Davrs- proposed. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, if it turns out that 
'.vay: 
On motion by Mr. BROWN, to amend the same by strik- 
ing out the word 'not so that it would read : 
United States does require the intervention of Congress 
for the protection of property in slaves. " 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 voted against that. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. on the vote-being taken, the 
Senate refused to strike out the word " not," the 
Senator from Texas included. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Yes. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. so to leave the resolution 
to stand that it did not require it, ins.tead of that 
it did. Now, I should like to sce whether the 
same amendment was not offered to the reso- 
lution of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. 
DAVIs. 
Mr. A VIS. I wanted to say to the Senator 
that it was Mr. CLINGMAN'S amendment to my 
resolution, and that now he perceives the very 
great importance of his not making the mistake; 
because that was not one ot• the series, and was 
not a resolution adopted. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. As J. said, if you will give 
me an opportunity, if you will givc mc until to- 
morrow morning, I will examine the record. 
Mr. DAVIS. Of course. 
Mr. WIGFALL. not the slightest 0b- 
jection. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 still understand the sen- 
ator from Mississippi L Mr. BROWN] to have 
moved an affirmative proposition that interven- 
tion was necessary, and that the Senate voted it 
down. At any rate, if intervention was neces- 
sary, and Scnators would not bring in a bill for 
it, that only shows that those gentlemen were all 
recreant to the cause of the South in not bringing 
it in; and when they never have brought in the 
bill, certainly they arc not going to dissolvc the 
Union because 1 was not in favor of it. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Oh, •.ve do not intend to 
dissolve it at all! [Laughter.] 
Mr. IVERSON. Allow me to go over that 
matter, to place myself ri•ht. 
Mr. WIGFALL. You voted with rest of 
us on that matter? 
Mr. IVERSON. No. 
Mr. WIGFALL. You voted against us? 
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Then you voted right,and 
you need not explain. [Laughter.] The Senator 
from North Carolina [Mr.- CLINGMAN] intro- 
duced a resolution— 
That. the existing condition of the Ten•itories of the 
United States does noi requirc the intervention of Congress 
{Or thc protection of propert.y in slaves." 
Mr. BROWN moved to strike out " 
not," and 
declare— 
That the existing condition of the Territories of the 
United States docs require tho intervention of Congress 
for the protection of property in slaves." 
I voted against bot.h, and Senators here will rec- 
ollect well, those who were ill the Cham ber, that 
I gave as a reason, that the Senator froin Missis- 
sippi [Mr. DAVIS] had introduced a resolution 
setting förth a principle—the duty of the Govern- 
rnent to afford protection to slave propc•l'tv—— 
that I was willing to vote for that principle; that 
the other Senator Crot-n Mississippi [M r. BROi4'N] 
and the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Ch,1NG- 
MAN] were coupling it with a {i:tct, and that I v.ras 
opposed to mixing questions of law and of fact 
at that time. 
I said it, was a matter upon '•.vliich 
I was not advised; and I recollect. very well say- 
in", jestingly, that 1 supposed it would be very 
well to have the question of fact referred to the 
Covodc committee, and get a report on it at the 
next session of Congress. 
I voted against the- resolution declaring that the 
emergency already existed; 1 voted against the 
resolution dcclarinz that it did not exist. 
not choosc to be diverted from the direct path of 
duty wllicll lay before me; and that was, to have 
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no. No such resolution. 
a declaration of a great principle. 
I beg pardon 
IVIr. WIGFALL. is Mr. CLINGMAN'S 
of the Senator from Illinois for usincr the phrase 
olution, not Mr. Dhus's, that you arc readin". 
I great principle. " 
I did not mean It disrespect• 
