60 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 11, 
that; having voted to raise this committee, and 
desirinø some compromise to be effected , he should 
vote " no," without intending, by so doing, äny 
disrespect to the centleman Trom Florida. 
Mr. STRATTON stated that Mr. CAMPBELL 
was dctained from House by indisposition. 
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, said he had 
paired off with Mr. FARNSWORTH', othefwise, he 
Should- have voted ay." 
Mr. HINDMAN said he would have voted in 
the afirmative if he had been within the bar when 
his name was called. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, askcd leave of the 
I-louse to pxfrlain his vk)te. 
ObjeOtion was made. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said: I have not 
voted; and ask to bc excused from voting, for the 
reason that I am a member of the committee, and 
being with the gentleman from Florida in politics, 
I do not like to vote one way or the other, bc- 
cause, if I votc " no," it might bc a reflection 
upon the gentleman from Florida; and if I vote 
' ay," it might be a reflection upon myself. 
[ Laugh ter.] 
No ok.jection being made, Mr. DAY1s was ex- 
cuscd from voting. 
Mr. WHITELEY said, that as excusing the 
gentleman from Florida would, in his opinion, 
destroy the integrity of the committee, he would 
vote in the negative. 
Mr. SINGLETON not being within the bar 
when his name was called, asked leave to vote. 
Mr. SMITH, of Vfrg•inia, objected. 
Mr. SINGLETON said, that if he had been 
within the bar, he would have voted in the affirm- 
ative. 
Mr. JACKSON stated that he had paired 
with Mr. FERRY ; he being in the afkt•mativc and 
Mr. FERRY in the negative upon this question. 
rl'hc vote was announced as above recorded. 
Mr. HAWKINS. Ihavebutonesingle remark 
to make. Silence upon my part now might be 
misconstrued; silence upon my part now might 
be construed to an assent upon ID y part to serve 
upon that committee. 
have but one word to 
say further, and I say it with all deference and 
good fecling to those who have voted against my 
wish or proposition. I will not serve upon this 
conmmittec. 
Mr. BOYCE. Mr. Speaker, for reasons which 
must naturallv suggest themselves to the intelli- 
gcnce of the House, respectfully ask leave to 
be excused from serving on the special commit- 
tec of thirty-three. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 object to excus- 
in«y the gentleman. 
I'hc question being upon tho motion to excuse, 
Mr. FIAWKINS called for the veas and nays. 
The eas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire. to say that it does 
geern to mc that the action of this Elouse, in rc- 
fusing to excuse gentlemen when it is well known 
that they do not intend to perform any service 
upon the committee,and when they ask it respect- 
fully, und state that it is the conclusion of their 
judgnw»nt, after mature rcflecüön, that they can- 
not, in justice to themselves and to the States 
which they represent, serve upon the committee; 
I say it (loot; seem to me most extraordinary and 
most remarkable, that this House will not excuse 
gentlemen under such circumstances. Now, sir, 
i voted the gentleman from Florida. 
IVfr. GROW, I rise to a question of order. I 
understand that the yeas and nays have becn 
ordered, and lhc call of the roll commcnccd. 
The SPEAKER. The the roll had not 
comrnenced. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 say that voted to raise 
this committee; but I-must confess that, while I 
desire every movement to be made by this House 
that possibly can be, looking to thc restoration of 
quiet and peace to the country, I had but very 
little confidence in the proposition when it was 
originally made; and if I had consulted my own 
judgment in reference to the vote I then gave, I 
should llave voted against the proposition of the 
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. BOTELER,] for this 
reason alone: that I was satisfied then, as I was 
after Nle announcement of the committee, that 
we did not get any committee appointed by the 
Speaker of this House under that resolution com- 
posed of representative men of the various States 
of this Confederacy. I was satisfied of itthen,and 
the sequel has only convinced me that I was righ t. 
I do not desire to go back into this discussion, 
or to refer to the various material of which this 
committee is composed. I simply rise for the 
pürpose of expressing the/ hope that we would 
not be rcquircd to go through •a call of the yeas 
and nays again upon the proposition of the gen- 
tleman from South Carolina. It is unnecessary 
for me to enter into the reasons that operate upon 
my mind. It is well known to this House that 
the action of the members of the House from the 
State of South Carolina will, in a very short time, 
determine in this House that their presence will 
be continued here but a very few days. Why, 
then, call the yeas and nays, and undertake to 
force gentlemen to serve when they announce that 
they will not do it. 
It sccms to mc passing 
strange. Is it a part of the coercion that to be 
Is it the mode and manner by which we 
used ? 
expect to restore peace and good-will in the coun- 
try ? Shall we undertake to compel gentlemen to 
serve upon this comrnittee, when they kindly, 
courteously, and respectfully request to be ex- 
cuscd from that service?. Shall we undertake, by 
virtue of the rules of this House, to control their 
action, and compel them to serve upon the com- 
mi%ec? For one, I ncvcr intend to pursue any 
such course. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, „of Illinois. 
I demand 
the revious question. 
dr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 am one on this 
side of the House •wrho voted against excusing 
the gentleman from Florida. I hope, therefore, 
that the gentleman from Illinois will withdraw 
his call for the previous question until I can be 
heard. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I withdraw 
the call for the previous question, if the gentle- 
man will renew It at the close of his remarks. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 will. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am one of those on this 
Sidc of the House who voted against excusing 
the gentleman from Florida, [Mr. HAWKINS,] and 
who will vote against excusing the gentleman 
from South Carolina, [Mr. BOYCE,] from service 
on this committee of thirty-three. 
It is right, 
thcrcfore, aftcr the lecture we have received frorn 
the member frorn Kentucky, [Mr. BURNETT,] 
that I at least should have an opportunity of vin- 
dicating that. vote. 
am one of those who look 
with uneasiness upon the present. 
I think that 
it is big with the fate of the Republic. 
I am one 
of those, sir, who think that discussion of these 
questions is not likely to do any good; but I do 
conftss, to my great surprise and mortification, 
that the discussion, which has already taken 
place, has been refused to bc participated in by 
the other Sidc of the House. 
Having said thus much, I will add that I am 
indeed anxious 
Mr. CURTIS. If the will yield to 
me, I will say onc '•,vord. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I must decline to 
yield. 
Mr. CURTIS. I dcsirc to make a reply to the 
last remark of the gentleman from Virginia, and 
no tnorc. [Cries from the Dernocratic side of the 
House of Hcar him ! ' ' ] 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. very well; then 1 
yield the floor to the gentleman from Iowa. 
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Virginia 
has stated that this Sidc of' the Housc has refused 
to eneracre in the discussion of these questions. I 
want to say, for one, on this side of the House, 
that at the proper time, •which will be at no re- 
motc day, I am ready to discuss all of the ques- 
tions that now agitate the country. W c do not 
refuse to enter into the discussion. 
I am one of 
the committee of thirty-thrcc, and I prefer that 
that committee should have a fair hearing through 
its chairman, before we undertake to discuss the 
propriety of its action. We have not refused, sir, 
to discuss any of these questions. 
1, for one, 
have not, and I will not refuse to discuss them. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 spoke of the dis- 
cussion that has already taken place; a discussion 
which is now closed. r did expect that the op- 
portunity which was presented of exhibiting the 
different views of the members upon this floor 
would have been embraced by all sides of the 
House, and especially by the other side, to influ- 
ence and act upon the committee which has been 
created by a vote of the House. 
It was in fact a 
sort of counseling togcther; and I did expect, sir, 
that the members of this House would have come 
together in a spirit of conciliation and harmony, 
and have. intermingled feelings and opinions for 
the purpose of indicating, at least, some anxiety 
to bring us out of the present desperate condition 
of public affairs. I say, sir, that the gentlemen 
on the other side of the House have refused to 
participate in the discussion just closed. Sir, I 
did not choose to mingle in the discussion myself, 
because there was avdesire to terminate it; it being 
considered that we had said enough on this side 
of the House. 
Mr. Speaker, having said thus much on that 
subject, which I desire to bring to the attention 
of the country, I will now proceed to address my- 
self to the immediate subiect in reference to which 
I have taken the floor. objected to excusing the 
gentleman from Florida, [Mr. *HAWKINS,] because 
I was anxious to see the movement which was 
initiated by ordering this committee go on in the 
true spirit in which it was begun. I was anxious 
to see every State participate in this effort at ad- 
justment; and I could not excuse the gentleman 
from Florida because, being the only Represent- 
ative from that State, if he were excused, that 
State would then be unrepresented on that com- 
mittee. I will vote—I do not hesitate to say that 
I will vote—for cxcusing gentlemen who are dif- 
ferently situated. There are gentlemen upon this 
committee who ought not to have been placed 
there by the Speaker of this House; and if they 
ask to be excused, I will vote to excuse them; 
because, by so' doing, their State will not neces- 
sarily be unrepresented. 
But, Mr. Speaker, I shall vote against excusing 
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. BOYCE] 
from service on this committee of thirty-three. 
And why? Because any substitution for himself 
from that State •would be obnoxious to thc samc 
objection which the gentleman from South Caro- 
lina [Mr. Boycn] applies to himself. If the event 
which has been alluded to shall transpire, that 
will, of course, terminate his action with the com- 
mittee, and render it unnecessary to scek to ap- 
point any other member from the State of Sout.h 
Carolina, because of its utter impossibility. The 
objection is, as I have intimated, not individual, 
but it goes to the entire delegation from the State 
of' South Carolina. Everybody knows, sir, that 
my vote against excusing the gentleman from 
South Carolina will be given, not from any want 
of respect for him or any of his delegation. I 
do want, Mr. Speaker—it is my most anxious 
desire that it should be seen in this House, on all 
sides of it, that we are willing to come up in a 
proper spirit to the gravity of the occasion, and 
see every State represented properly in the con- 
struction of a committee which is designed to 
bring healing upon its wings. I wish„ifpossible, 
of this country, put forth by a committee upon 
which every State is represented. I Want to see 
what a committee representing all of the States 
will offer as a measure of adjustment of existing 
troubles. 
I advert to these things, Mr. Speaker, because 
I think that it is right that they should be under- 
stood. It is remarkable, permit me to say to the 
gcntleman from Kentucky, [Mr. BURNETT,] that, 
as a general proposition, where a. member asks to 
be excused from scrvice upon any committee, and, 
if granted, it would not cripple the action of, the 
committee, the re uest ought not to be refused. 
Mr. BURNET']'. Will the gentleman permit 
mc to ask him a question ? 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly. 
Mr. BURNETT. know that the gentleman 
from Virginia is an old member of the House; 
that he has been long here and done good service; 
and I desire him to state whether he knows of- a 
single instance in the history of Congress whcre 
a member been compelled, by a solemn vote 
of the House, to serve upon a committee after he 
has announced that he could not do so, and in 
respectful terms asked to be excused from that 
service. 
Mr. SMITH ; of Virginia. That was done, 
sir, during the last session of Congress, in the 
case, I believe, of the gentleman from Alabama, 
[Mr. HOUSTON,] who asked to be excused from 
further service upon the Committee on the Judi- 
czar y. 
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ala- 
bama wi thdt•ew his application before it was acted 
on by thc House. 
