1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
61 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There are many 
othct• cases which have occurred. 
Mr. BURNETT. I would be glad if the gen- 
tleman. would name one. 
Mr. BURCH. If the from Virginia 
will permit me, i will put a question to the gen- 
tleman from Kentucky. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 yield for that 
purpose. 
Mr. BURCH. 1 put it to tho gentleman from 
Kentucky, whether there was ever before a crisis 
like that which is now upon the country ? 
Mr. BURNETT. There never was, sir; and 
I will go as far as any man to adjust the existing 
difliculties. But I say further to the gentleman' 
from California and the House, that this country 
is not to be saved by mere eulogies upon the 
Union. The day for that is gone by. We must 
have action, and that speedily, if we have a sin- 
cere desire for the preservation of the present 
Government of the United States. I voted for the 
resolution raising this committee of thirty-three, 
and I hope that good may come of it. would 
vote to have any gentleman serve upon it, if •I 
knew that doing so would produ'ce any beneficial 
result; but, sir, when gentlemen tell me that they 
will not serve, I, for one, am not disposed to use 
force, and require them to serve. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Nobody proposes 
to use force. Nobody expects to visit gentlemen 
with punishment, other than the moral one of 
public opinion, when they refuse to discharge 
the duties required of them as members of this 
House. 
Mr. HAWKINS. 1 ask the gentleman from 
Virginia to tell me who will bell the cat?" 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 14 answer to the 
gentleman, I will say that I am dealing with a 
great question, aud not speaking in relation to the 
petty business of belling any cat. The gentle- 
man, on such an occasion, I am sure, will not 
undertake it himself. 
If gentlemen are, resolved not to perform their 
duties, under the action of this House, let them 
refuse to do it privately, and not get up here and 
ask to be excused, with the private resolve that 
they will not perform the dunes from which they 
ask to be excused. 
But apart from all that, I seriously desire that 
gentlemen, no matter how they may feel, no 
matter how they may think, will look to the spirit 
of our institutions, and consider the condition of 
the Republic. Gentlemen have resolved not to 
do a thing to-day, and yet, we know, have under- 
taken to do it to-morrow. We are all prone to 
change our opinions and our resolutions; and a 
gentleman may, under excitement to-day, re- 
peat, refuse to serve upon a committee, and yet, 
to-morrow, he may think better of it, and go upon 
the committee and perforrn his duties. I am one 
of those who do not look to the wishes of mem- 
bers. I would have excused the gentleman from 
Florida most cheerfully, according to his desire, 
if he had had a colleague. But I am unwillinø 
that Florida shall be unrepresented in the com- 
mittee, however badly that committee has been 
constituted. I v,'ish every State to be there rep- 
resented, and I wish the members to meet in a 
feel ing of fraternity. 
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to ask the gentleman 
from Virginia another question. He says he 
would willingly have voted to excuse the gentle- 
Inan from Florida if that gentleman had had 
colleague, but that he desires that Florida shall 
be represented. Now, after the House has refused 
to excuse the gentleman from Florida, he says he 
shall not serve; and will the gentleman from Vir- 
ginia tell me how' Florida. will be represented? 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman 
had listened to me, he would not have asked that 
question. I have said distinctly that gentlemen 
change their opinions and purposes; and where 
the Union is at stake, as the gentleman has said 
would not ask any 
it is, it is well to change. 
gentleman to give up the right of self-government 
or the right of self-protection; but I yet do think 
that it is due to the gravity of this question that 
all the House should essay to adjust existing dif- 
ficulties, and march to the performance of our 
duties with the solemn gravity pertaining to the 
importance of the subject. 'I'hat is all I desire, 
and if nothing results from this committee—and 
I am free to say that I do not believe any good will 
result frorn it, and that such result wili be mainly 
attributable to the manner in which you, Mrs 
Speaker, have constructed that committee—I say, 
in the name of God, it is a resultfor which I desire 
in no sense to be responsible. 
Having said thus much, have performed my 
duty. I am as sincerely devoted to this Union 
as any other man; but I tun bound, heart and 
soul, to any action which thc old, proud Com- 
monwealth which I in part represent, and thc 
section of which she is a part, shall take. I now 
call the previous question. 
Mr. COX. I ask tho gentleman from Virginia 
to withdraw the previous question a moment. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virgima. I withdraw it. 
Mr. WASHBURNÉ, of 1 understood 
that the gentleman from Virginia called the pre- 
vious question upon a promise made to myself. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman is 
correct, and I can only withdraw the previous 
question with his consent. 
Mr. COX. Do I understand the gentleman 
from Illinois to insist upon the previous question ? 
Mr. WASHBURNE, Illinois. 
I do. 
Mr. COX. I desire to make a few remarks. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I cannot withdraw 
the previous question except with the permission 
of the gentleman from Iliinois. And I wish it un- 
derstood, that I demanded the previous question 
only because such is my commitment to the gen- 
tleman from Illinois. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered to be put. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Thc yeas and nays have 
been ordered upon this question, but I hope the 
demand for them will be withdrawn by unani- 
mous consent. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let us have the 
yeas and nays. 
The question was takcn; and it was decided in 
the negative—yeas 100, nays 100; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Ashley, Avery, 
Barksdale, Barr, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bocock, 
Boteler, Branch, Bristow', Brown, Burnett, Burnharn, 
Carey, Case, John B. Clark, Clopton, Colfax, Burton 
Craige, Crawford, Curry, De Jarnette, Dunn, Edgerton, 
Edmundson, Etberidge, Fenton, Florence, Frank, Garnett, 
Gartrell, Gilmer, Hale Hall, Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Mor- 
rison Harris, John T. harris, Hatton, Hawkins, Hindman, 
Houston, Hughes, Hutchins, Irvine, Jackson, Jenkins 
Jones, William Kellogg, Kilgore, Landrum, Leake, Love, 
Lovejoy, Maclay, Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, Millson,MiIi- 
ward, Laban T* Moorc, Sydenham Moore, Morse, Nelson, 
Niblack, Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, Potter, Pryor, Quarles, 
Reagan, Edwin R. Reynolds, Riggs, R.uffn, Scranton, 
Simlns, Singleton, Willialll N. H. Smith, Stallworth, 
Stanton, William Stewart, Stratton, Taylor, Thomas, Un- 
derwood, VaHandigham, Vance, Verree, Wade, Vtraldron, 
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Webster, Wells, Windom, 
Winslow, Wood, and Woodson—100 
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad- 
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Babbitt, 
Barret, Bouligny, Brayton, Briggs, Buihnton, Burch, Bur- 
lingame, Butterfield, Carter, Cobb, John Cochrane, Conk- 
ling, Corwin, Cox, Jatnes Craig, Curtis, John G. Davis, 
Dawes, Delano, Duell, Edwards, 'Eliot, Ely, English, Ferry, 
Foster, Fouke, French, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley, 
Haskin, Helmick, Rill, Hoard, Holman, William Howard, 
William A. Howard, Humphrey, Junkin, Francis W. Kel- 
loag, Kenyon, Killinger, Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, 
James M. Leach, Lee, Logan, Longnecker, Loon)is, 
Charles D. Martin, Maynard, 'McClernand, McKean, Mc- 
Kenty, McKnight, McPherson, Montgomery, Morrill, Isaac 
N. Morris, Nixon, Noell, Olin, Palmer, Perry, Phelps, 
Porter, Pottke, John H. Reynolds, Rice, Rob- 
inson, James C. Robinson, Royce, Sedgwick, Sickles, 
William Smith, Spaulding, Spinner, Stokes, Stout, Tap- 
pan, Thayer, Theakcr, Train, Trimble, Vandever, Wal- 
ton, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and 
woodruff—100. 
So Mr. BOYCE I.vas not excused. 
During the vote, 
Mr. BOCOCK said: I was not present when 
the vote w:is taken upon excusing the gentleman 
from Florida, [Mr. H A wKINs.] Hadl been present 
should have voted to grant his request, as I shall 
vote now to excuse the gentleman from South 
Carolina. 
Mr. BOTELER. Havino,myselfbeen excused 
from service upon the special committee, I deem 
it due to myself, and to gentlemen upon this floor 
who make a similar request, to extend the same 
courtesy to them. On that account, and on that 
alone, while I deeply regret that the gentleman 
should deem it his duty to ask to be excused, I 
vote " ay.' 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. For the reasons 
I gave a while ago, I shall not vote. 
Mr. NOELL. Had the gentleman from South 
Carolina asked to be excused on the ground of 
personal inconvenience, I should have no objec- 
tion to excusing him. But do not recognize the 
right of any member to relieve himself from the 
performance of the duties assigned to him by the 
House, on the ground that they are distasteful to 
him. He has another remedy; aud that is to re- 
I vote " no. 
sign his lace. 
Mr. S'BEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that 
his colleague, Mr. MOREHEAD, was absent from 
the House on account of sickness. 
The result of the vote was announced as above 
recorded. 
Mr. MORRILL. 1 desire to ask the House to 
excuse me from serving upon the select commit" 
tee of thirty-three, not from any indisposition to 
serve upon the committee, but because I have 
other duties which fully employ my time, and in 
order to give the Speaker an opportunity to ap- 
point one of my colleagues. I would also say 
that so many of the members of the Committee 
of Ways and Means arc appointed upon the select 
committee, that when the two committees meet at 
the same time, the Committee of Ways and Means 
will be left without a quorum. I hope, therefore, 
there will be no objection to my request from any 
part of the House. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. In the remarks 1 
made while upon the floor, a short time since, I 
made reference to my friend from Florida, [Mr. - 
H A wKINs•,] and he thinks some of my remarks 
insinuated matters to his prejudice. can only 
say that I had no such intent; and if my language 
was capable of such construction, I was not 
apprised of it at tho time, and certainly did not 
intend any such construction. He is the last man 
upon this floor whose feelings I would wound by 
any sort of language that would implicate his 
uprightness and his conduct as a gentleman in 
public or rivate life. 
Mr. HRWKINS. It is needless to say that 
the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia are 
perfectly satisfactory. I did think the gentleman 
cast a reflection upon me when he remarked that 
it had been with me a foregone conclusion not to 
serve upon the select committee, and then that I 
went through the empty formality of asking to 
be cxcused. My course was to make an earnest 
and honest appeal to the House in the first in- 
stance, and then, if that failed, to avail myself of 
my sovereign right to take the matter into my own 
hands—the same position, I believe, the gentle- 
man from Virginia occupies now in the great ques- 
tion which agitates the country. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 do think the 
House is disposed to be fatigued by any more re- 
marks pertinent to the application of the gentle- 
man from Vermont to be excused from serving 
upon the committee. But it is proper for some 
of those who voted against the application of gen- 
tlcmcn upon this side of the House to be excused, 
to state that they who have the greatest instru- 
mentality in composing the difficulties which 
threaten this country, should, of all men, least 
ask to be excused from the work of coöperation 
in an attempt to save the Union. I hope, there- 
fore, that the vote will be unanimous against the 
application of the gentleman from Vermont. He 
asks to be excused, not because. of his want of 
efficiency in the labor which is proposed to him 
and his associates, but because of the serious and 
grave matters which occupy his attention. Sir, 
there can be no more serious or important matter 
than that which is presented to his attention by 
the House and the country. And, sir, I may say, 
before taking my seat, and in conclusion, that, 
I am surprised, nay, I am pained and grieved, 
that gentlemen upon that side of the House, now, 
at this juncture of affairs, ask of this House, be- 
fore the eye of the country, to be excused from 
the great labors it is proposed they shall under- 
take. 
Mr.MORRIS,0f111inois. Speaker, 
concluded to vote to excuse every member of the 
select committee who may ask to be excused. 
Heretofore I have voted against excusing; but, 
inasmuch as when we refuse to excuse them, and 
they tell us they will not serve, and nobody pro- 
poses to do anything, I see nothing but—I had 
almost said, disgrace to ourselves—nothing but 
contempt of our authority to force them to remain 
upon the committee, and we let the matte" pass 
by. I do not know but it is policy, in the present 
state of affairs, to let the matter pass by. And, 
viewing it in that licht, 1 shall do nothing to 
I have personal respect 
. create any feeling here. 
I for all those gentleman, and high] personal respect 
