64 
been made during the- present sessionto print still 
remain unexecuted, and in the hands of the Su- 
perin.tel!dent of Public Print.ipg, who says that 
the Public Printcr,refuses to execute the orders 
Of the House for priming, on occount of the re- 
dgction of forty per cent. made at the last session 
o' Congress. 
Mr. GARNETT. That, then, is one of the 
first fruits of our. Black Republican rule. 
Mr. PHELPS. There a remedy•for that 
diffculty. If the Public Printer refuses to exe- 
cute the ').rders of the House for printing, under 
the existing* law, the Superintendent of Public 
Printing is required to have it executed elsewhere. 
ME. SHERMAN. It does noc strike me that 
the remark of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. 
GARNETT] '*Vas quite fair. The reduction of forty 
pcr pent. made under a law of the Iqst session 
changes the contract of the Public Printer, and, 
as a matter of course, leaves him under no obli- 
gation to execute any order of the House for 
printing. Whether it is in consequence of Black 
Republican rule or white Republican rule, of black 
Democratic rule or white Democratic rule, he is 
not obliged to do the printing. 
Mr. RELLOGG, of Illinois. 
I desire to say 
to the gentleman from Ohio, in reply to the sug- 
gestion he has made that the Public Printer re- 
fuses to perform the duties of his offce, that I am 
credibly informed he is now lying sick; that 
after having left his home, he was not able to reach 
the Capitol; and that his duties will be performed 
whenever he is able to be here. He does not re- 
fusc to perform them, as I am credibly informed; 
but the reason why the work is not going on, is 
that have stated. 
Mr. HASKIN. L desire to make a statement 
in referencc to this matter. 
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen- 
tlemnn Norn Missouri is not debatable. 
Mr. I-IASK[N. I desired to make a statement 
from the Committee on Printing. 
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman wishes to 
make a statement fronh a committee, I withdraw 
the motion that the committee rise, 
Mr. HASKIN. As referencc has been madc 
to the legislatiÖn of the last session 011 the subjcct 
of the public printing, I ask leave, in justice to 
the Committee on Printing, to make a statement. 
I state, for tho information of the House, that to- 
morrow they propose introducing a resolution to 
remedy the, existing evils. Reference has been 
particularly made to the fact of the compensation 
of the Public Printer having been reduced forty 
cent. under the law of the last session. Now, 
sir, I am authorized to state—and it comes from 
MI'. I-leart, bhe of Public Print- 
ing—that the public printing can be done as well 
as it has been done heretofore, and by the s:une 
parties who have done the printing of t11C House 
during the last und the prcscnt scssion, notwith- 
standing thc reduction of forty per cent. , and yet 
mulce a fair profit. The fact is that the I-louse 
Printer cdected at the last session has never really 
to any part of his duties. Im- 
mcdiately subsequent to his election, hc made a 
contract sab-letting this printin«y 10 Larc,otnbe & 
the gentlemen who have executed thc 
printing of the House during this Congress, 
xvliieh contract they bound themselves to give the 
Printer for this House twenty per cent. upon the 
I hold in 
amount allowed under the old rates. 
my hand statement from the Superintendent 
of Public Printing, by which it will be seen that 
thc amount of certificates issued to the Pl'inter for 
the House for thc printing done, and to be done, 
ordered at the last session, is $60,157, showing 
that that Printer, elected by the House, or his 
assio•nee, has received, or '•.vill reccive, for print- 
ing with which he has had nothing practically to 
do, {he of $12,031 40. 
So much, sir, for the Printer for this House. 
Let me, in addition, refer to some facts which 
have in relation to the Printer for the Senate, 
General Bowman, who has the charge, also, of a 
certain portion of the printing of the House. The 
statement I make I have obtained from the Super- 
intcndcnt of Public Printing. The amount paid 
out for the Senate printing, and that portion of 
the House printing referred to, is $97,629, and he 
will receive enough more to make up the total 
amount to #140,609. Genera! Bowman, who was 
elected the Printer for the Senate, entered into a 
sub-contract with Mr. Rives, by which the latter 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 12. 
was to do all the work and to pay the former 
thirty-three and one third per cent. of the amount 
-allowed under the law, for absolutely doing>D0th- 
ing. Astounding as it may appear, still it is not 
the less true, that General Bowman, for doing 
nothing, will this year receive the sum of $46,869 
from Mr. Rives, who has executed all the work and 
furnished it to the Senateand the House. In other 
words, General Bowman, having been elected I 
Printer for the Senate, is really •only the Printer 
in name, receiving, however, the money from the 
Treasury and paying over sixty-six and 
thirds per cent. to Mr. Rives, retaining the re- 
maining thirty-three and one third per cent. him- 
self. I state these facts for the purpose of show- 
ing that the action of the House and of the Senate, 
in passing the joint resolution of last session, 
which was approved by the President, reducing 
the rates of the public printing forty per cent. , was 
just and proper. Under that resolution there will, 
on the printing which will probably be ordered 
during this session, amounting to about two hun- 
dred thousand dollars, be a saving to the Treasury, 
now entirely depleted and bankrupt, of $80,000. 
I give notice, on behalf of the Committee on Print- 
ing, that I will bring this matter before the House 
to-morrow, when I will offer such resolutions as 
the exicencies of the occasion demand. Until 
then I defer any further remark. What I have 
said has been called forth bvlluSions of other 
gentlemen. 
Mr. PHELPS moved that the committee do 
now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having 
resumed the chair, Mr. BINGHAM reportcd that 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
had the Union 
Union had, according to order, 
generally under consideration, and particularly 
the consular and diplomatic appropriation bill, 
and had come to no resolution thereon. 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, 1 ask leave of 
thc House to present a resolution, to which 
think there can be no objection. [Cries of" Read 
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
Resoh•ed, 'l'hat., Unmediately after the reading of the Jour- 
nal to-morrow morruing, the States and 'I'erritories shall be 
called for bills and resolutions ; the bills aud resolutions 
presented under said call to be recerred, without, debate, to 
the select committee qt• thirty-three on the President's 
message, and no :notion to reconsidcr tlle order of referenec 
of any 01' such bills and resolutions shall thereafter be in 
order. 
There was no objection : and thc resolution was 
received . 
Mr. BRANCH. The resolution, Mr. Speaker, 
simply givesan opportunity to the members of the 
House to present any resolution bill on the sub- 
iect-matter of thc resolution of the gentleman from 
Virginia, [Mr. BOTELER,] and to have it referred 
to the committee of thirty-three. 
It is obvious 
that, unless this bc donc under a special order of 
the House, mernbcrs who have such propositions 
to oflk•n• will hardly have, an opportunity to do so 
previous to tho action of that committee. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 ask the gentleman from 
North Carolina to modify his resolution, so as to 
provide that bills and resolutions in reference to 
the subject-matter before the committee of thirty- 
three shall be referred to that committee, and that 
other bills and resolutions which may be intro- 
duced shall take another reference. 
Mr. BRANCH. The of the resolution 
is precisely that indicated by the gentleman from 
Ohio. Everything presented to-morrow goes to 
that comrnittee. 
If any gentleman has anything 
in his possession that does not relate to the sub- 
jcct-lnattcr referred to that committee, it will, of 
course, not be introduced on the call to-morrow, 
because he will not desire it to go to that gom- 
mittee. 
Mr. STANTON. So I understand, and my 
object is to allow, on that call, the introduction of 
other bills and resolutions for reference to appro- 
priate standing committees. 
Mr. BRANCH. I call forthepreviousquestion. 
The call for the previous question was seconded, 
and the main question was ordered to be put; 
and, under the operation thereof, the resolution 
was adopted . 
IVIr. STEWART, of Maryland. 1 move that 
the House do now adjourn. 
Mr. HOUSTON. i suggest before we adjourn 
that the propositions of the gentleman from Illi- 
nois [Mr. MORRIS] and of the gentleman from 
Arkansas [Mr. HINDMAN] bo referred to the com- 
mittee of thirty-three, and ordered to be printed. 
It is important that the committee should have all 
the information before it that is necessary at the 
earliest day. 
Mr. BRANCH. I have no objection to that. 
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. we 
that to-morrow; and I insist on the motion to 
adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Thereupon (at ten minutes past two o'clock, 
p. m.) the House adjourned until to-morrow at 
twelve o'clock, m. 
IN SENATE. 
WEDNESDAY, December 12, 1860. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. DR. GURLEY. 
The Journal of yeste rday was read and approved. 
Hon. ROBERT W. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, ap- 
peared in his seat. 
PETITION. 
Mr. POWELL presented the petition of Mary 
Mitchell, widow of A. J. Mitchell, deceased, a 
purser in the Navy, praying that the securities 
of her late husband may be released from the 
payment of a debt unjustly alleged to be due from 
him to the United States; which was referred to 
the Committee on Naval Affairs. 
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED. 
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was 
Ordered, That thc petition of Mary VVillard, formerly 
widow of Aaron Young, a soldier in the war of' 1812, pray- 
ing that her name may be placed on the pension roll, under 
the acts of February 3, 1853, and June 3, 1858, on the files 
of the Senate, be refi2rred to the Committee on Pensions. 
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was 
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files 
of the Senate the petition of Joseph Lotanger, praying for 
remuneration for property destroyed by the enemy in the 
war of 1812. 
On motion of MI'. G WIN, it was 
Ordered, That tbc memorial of Perry McDonough Col- 
praying coinpensation for commercial researches in 
. northern Asia, aud the exploration of the Amoor river, in 
Asia, on the files of the Senate, be rctorred to the Cotn- 
inittee on Foreign Relations. 
BILL INTRODUCED. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked , and by unanimous 
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 
519) authorizing floats to issue in satisfaction of 
claims acrainst the United States, for lands sold 
by them within the Las Omegas and La Nance 
grants, in the State of Louisiana; which was read 
twice by its title, and referred to the Committeo 
on Private Land Claims. 
TARIFF BILL. 
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, 1 desire to 
to the Senate, that wl'len, on the motion of my 
colleague yesterday, the tariff bill was taken up 
for consideration, had prepared an amendment 
which I then intended to offer to the bill; but at 
the time it was in my roonl and I had no oppor- 
tunity to offer it. 
I desire this morning to pre- 
sent the amendment, with the understanding that 
it shall be referred to the committee, with the bill. 
offer the amendment 'Which I send to the. Chair, 
and ask to have it printed. 
Mr. HUNTER. i hope it will be referred. It 
is fair to let the Senator preseåt his scheme, and 
it can go to the committee and be considered in 
connection with the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FITZPAT- 
RICK.) Does the Senator desire to have the amend- 
ment read? 
Mr. BIGLER. It is unnecessary. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It be re- 
ferred to the Committee on Finance, if there be 
no objection. None ! ' 
TREASURY NOTE filLL. 
Mr. BIGLER. There seems to be no business 
before the Senate in regular order, and I move 
that the Senate resume the consideration of the 
resolution offered by the Senator from Kentucky, 
in regard to the reference of the President's mes- 
sage, 
'I'he motion was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this ques- 
tion the Senator from Texas has the floor. 
