66 
frotn•bhemy and we know that a Treasury notc 
which- would go bt par, would be of immense as- 
sistahce nt this timc. We' have no safe means— 
I mean safe to the Government—to ascertain what 
could go out at par, except this device of ascer- 
taining an(l giving the notc to the bidder who will 
take it at the lowest ratc of interest. Give all a 
chance to the extent ofihese $3,000,000, and then 
give it out at the lowest rate of interest, what- 
cvc.r that may. be. 
YVe also proposé„ inasmuch as it is eXceedingiy 
äificult now: to. give credit to any spccics of cur- 
rency, to set aside the proceeds of thc public lands, 
so that the Secretary of the Treasury rnay at any 
lime to- _that atnount buy in the notes at par. Any 
public creditoruho receives them at six per cent. 
because he is obliged to t.akc tbcm at that or 
nöthing, will find that he has Iosc by it; but this 
is to give him an opportunity, to some extent, to 
get the money. We believe that with all these 
securities, we may p&rhapg get out a note which 
will circulate at 
ar. 
Mr. SIMMONS. MI'. President, I am willing 
to give every facility that will give currency to 
these notes; but we havc already now son')e thir- 
teen millions of Treasury notes out, and thc whole 
revenues of the Government are pledcred to their 
redemption. Now, I ask the Senator from Vir- 
giniå if he would strengthell public credit if he 
should tnke the funds that are pledged for the 
notes that we huve out, and make them special 
funds for thosc notes that we are about to Issue. 
Do you mean to promisc according to your hopes 
fs that the wav 
arid pay according to your fears. 
to get credit? There is not a dollar of publi-c 
money received from the public lands that is bot 
already. pledged to the redcrnption of rrrcasury 
notes that will come (luc this year. 
"l'he wav to 
keep thc public credit good is not to doubt it our- 
selves. Let thc country litoow• that we have 
doubted confidence ill thc credit of this Govern- 
ment. We have no funds that are not pledged 
to public creditors* to borrow money upon. Let 
notes be sold for what they will bring, if we 
full price for then). But, 
cannot gct the 
hold that good faith requires that we should (teal 
with all creditors alike. We håve l.)orrowed 
twenty or thirty, nay, Ilenu• forty million within 
a year or two, and pledged this very fund for the 
payment, that is now propox:ed to be set apart ill 
order to enable. you to hire money itt better rates 
on these notes. Let us not doubt t.he credit of 
this Govcrnment ourselves, and the public will 
have confidence in it. 
Mr. HUNTER. If this were a question of 
bankruptcy, and the distribution of assets, the 
argument of thc Senator from Rhode- Island would 
be correct. The general fäith of the Government 
is.plédged for the redcmption of all its stocks and 
not.es; l)ut it is to be hoped the Government will 
be able to pny all its debts, nnd we are assisting 
those who hold Governmcnt *tocks if we can put 
In order to do 
out n security which is at par. 
that, we propose to give a special to those 
notes. W c propose to set aside specially the 
lands, so that the bidders 
pu•ocecds of thc 
may be encouraged to take these notes at par. 
If l,ve can get out of Treasury notes 
at- par, will it not help the credit of the other 
Treasury notes, and all (he stocks, not only of 
this Government, but of the State Governments 
themselves? 
Mr. CLARK. Do I understand the chairman 
of the Comrnittee on Finance to say that he 
lieves the notes would not go at par unless this 
specific appropriation be madc? Does he think 
it necessary to make this mortgage ? 
Mr. HtiNTER. undertake to define 
the precise limit to which they will go, or will not 
go. I think there wili bc great difficulty in gettinff 
I know I increase the chance 
them out at par. 
of getting then) out if I set apart this fund. 
I 
CONGRØSSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 12, 
tain -the Sentitc on•a matter-of this sort that may 
I can per- 
seem not to require so much debate. 
ceive that those who propose this amendment do 
it with pcrfect fairness and perfect sincerny, and I 
with a strong belief in the circulation of these 
notes 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the Senator will raise 
his voice; I cannot het(r him. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is 
ble to hear Senators on the floor, there is so 
much confitsion in tho- lobbies. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 say 1 did not to call 
in question, at all, the propriety of the mcmbers 
I bclieve they 
who recornmcnd this measure. 
think it will facilitate the parsing of tbcsc notes. 
But [ call thc attention of the. Senate to this fact: 
that, Senators who are opposed to any urranarc- 
tnent of the public, lands, any disposition of thern 
that Congress may sec fil to make, may choose 
to tie themselves up, or tie up the majority of 
Congress by pledging thc proceeds of these lands 
to a certain use. That I suppose t') be the real 
motive with some; I do not say it is ••,välh all. 
I do not object to the reduction of thesc notes 
to fit'! y dollars, although I think that is ofa very 
doubtful expediency. It sets up this Goverumenl 
ill the issuing ofa currency. •That is what it is 
intended to do—to issue notes for a currency. 
But I shall confine myself now to this question 
about credit, and the condition in which this 
It will send it bac.k 
amendment will put t\-ae bill. 
to the House, and there will be a controversy bo- 
tween the two Houses about thc amendment. 
is said we want the money to be raised by these 
Treasury notcs, and need It right away. I agrcc 
to that; but. it is well known—we have it here by 
bills, and I have a right to speak of it— 
large majority of House of Representatives 
have another disposition of these lands than thc 
pledging of then) in this way. When you cornc 
to tal«c up any railroad project, it. will interfere 
If' any lands arc to be giver) to a road, 
With that. 
or to those who are to build a road, then those 
who are opposed to the road will get up and say, 
lauds arc pledgcd already, and you cannot 
cannot dispose of the rn ; 
(rive t hen) avvray; you 
the notes of the 
ihey are collateral security for 
Goverlnnent. You will thus mix up your fiscal 
systern with your land systcnb and you cannot 
do much with cilher. 
Let these notes bc issued on the sarne terms 
that the rih•easury notes are and that thc loan is. 
If' you make n distinction between the paper that 
you issue to get money to carry on this Govm•n- 
ment, you will depress people who have given 
and ovct• par within the last sixty days for 
the loan that is out. They will say there is 
specific fund pledged for the Treasury notes, and 
none pledged for this loan. You will have all 
sorts of' accounts in your Treasury books, and all 
sorts of' sourc,cs to get rnoney to relievc the dif- 
It will I 
f'ercnt obligations of the Government. 
introduce a now system into the 'T reasury, and, 
in my opinion, injure the c.rédit of all the paper 
hove got out in the hands of the cornmurlity. 
How long has our c.rodiL bccn SQ poor? The last 
redeemable in 
loan we offered at. five per cent. , 
twel)ty years, brought over par. TV hat rio•lil has 
anybody to say that thesc n€tes will 
not at 
per cent? liere. is no cvidencc of it. 'I'hcrc are, 
to be sure, great commercial troubles; blit there is 
I money enough, and these notes at six per cent. 
will call it out, in my opinion. 
willing, and [ think it a good plan, to 
t.helü to be taken at par at 
offer of 
the lowest rates of interest at which the bidders 
If it is seven per cent. , give it. 
will rcccive them. 
We arc bound to get the moncy to pay the cred- 
itors of the Goveri')ment. But I trust that this 
amendrnent will not be adopted. will embar- 
russ thc bill itself. It will injure the credit of our 
obligations now out, held by hones! , bonafldc pur- 
will not say they will not go without it; but I will chasers at par, and rn%ake distinctions in the debts 
I third( it t.oo serious 
say I have much more hope that they will that we owe to ibe world. 
I arn not sure that they a to throw it in on this bill. 
It will em- 
with it than without it. 
barrass us in •all our business about land, and 
will go even with this provision, but trust that 
create great distrusyt of our paper. 
the will 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The question Mr. HALL'. 1 would be obliged if somebody 
is on the amendment proposed by the Committee would sta,e precisely what will be the practical 
II differci)ce between the honorary or legal obliga- 
on Finance. 
Mr. ShMMONS. I should like to have the i tions of the Governrnellt., whether this tunenchnellt 
rro my mind there is not any. 
is adopted or not. 
yeas and nays on the amendment. 
Tbc faith of the Government and all its revenues 
The reas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. ÅIMMONS. 1 very much dislike to 
, are pledged to the honest redemption of its obli- 
gations; and I wish somebody would state the 
practical difference, cither in a legal or an hon- 
orary point of view, whether the amendment is 
adopted or not. do wish to indicatc by this 
that I shall votc against the amendment. 
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, 1 to 
explain to the Senator from Rhode Island the dif- 
ference between the specific appropriation in this 
i do not kl'jow what 
bill and an ordinary one. 
the difference is between the honorary and legal 
responsibilities of the Government, ana therefore 
cannot explain that to thc Senator from New 
Hampshire; but, in answer to the Senator from 
Rhode Island, this amendment of the Conunittee 
on Finance, as I understand it, proposes that the 
proceeds of the public lands shall bc specifically 
appropriated for thc paynnent, and redemption of 
It has been customary to 
thcsc Treasu ry notes. 
pledge the whole procccds of the public lands to 
the payment of special debts. The M'hole pro- 
cccds of the sales of public lands that comc into 
the rrreasury are appropriated to the redemption 
of these notes. T hc practical effect will be this: 
noy friend from Rhode Isla)'ld has a Treasury note 
for $100 for pay now due to hinv, he goes to the 
TreasUry, and the Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. 
Touccy, or whoever rnay bc Secretary just now, 
Mr. Senator, wc havo no money to-day, 
says, 
but next week we shall have sorne money re- 
ceived' fron•l the proceeds of the sales of the pub- 
lic lands, and next Tuesday morning I will pay 
I-lc will 
you your note out of that special fund. " 
then go tbcrc on •that day and get it. That is the 
practical result of%this thing. 
It has been very to appropriatc these 
lands to. this purposY:; and I ti')ink justly so. At 
present we arc strait. The Senator from 
Rhode Island, to whom I generally look for in- 
formation on such subjects, seems to believe we 
can scll our bonds at price. I do not think 
so. I see that, in the New-York mtu•kct yester- 
day, our fives wcre selling at ninety-two cents; 
one thousand United States fives, duc in 1865, 
selling ninety-two cents on the dollar. Coupon 
bonds 1871 were selling at eighty-five cents. 
'I'he loans of tho State of Nkisso„uri, six per cents. , 
wcrc selling yesterday at sixty-three cenls. Six 
pcr cents. ot• the Slate of Virginia were seliincr 
ut scvcnly-tln•ce cents. Now, n0 man who i' In 
the habit of dealing in money in the city of New 
York believes that {he United States sixes are 
rnuch rnore than the sixes Virginia—at 
wortli 
least the Senator from Virginia \vould think so— 
though belicve they command a little more. 
Pennsylvania fives are selling for about ninety- 
I believe they are a littlc better than 
two cents. 
any of the others. 
It has been customary in all the coun tries of the 
world, so far as I understand it, to allow the peo- 
plo to come in and takc a portion of the loans ox 
I think that finan Cial act of 
the Government. 
Louis Napoleon, by which he cna bled every 
Frenchman to come and takc a proportion of the 
loans of the Government, did Ilin•) more credit— 
certainly gave him more popularity—than any 
financial act of his. Therefore I should be clad 
to sec these Treasury notes isst.tcd in any sum 
I supposed, when 
not less than twenty dollars. 
the bill camc into the Senate, that it was recom- 
mended by thc committec that they should be 
issued for stuns of twenty aud fifty dollars. 'I'hat 
would enable everybody m the. country, no matter 
how humble, to take a portion of this loan. 
would make it popular, and give currency to it. 
I remember the old doctrine of the Democratic 
party, which I never believed when I was in the 
party, that we ought to make no currency. Cur- 
rency is a mere term. It may mean anyihing or 
I believe that if the Government adds 
nothing. 
to its credit by enabling every person to take a 
portion of this loan, it does a public good; and 
therefore I should be willing to issue these Treas- 
ury notes now in any sum down to twenty dol- 
laps. But that, it seems, cannot be done. 
The public loan due on the 1st of January will 
require,as I understand, about two million dollars 
to pay the interest on it. No man here would be 
willing to see the day go by without the interest 
being paid. i believe there is not a man in Con- 
•ress who has not enough national . pride to be 
unwilling to let this debt go without the interest 
being paid the day it was promised. Therefore 
I will consent to pass this bill just as it is re- 
. i ported, and enable the Secretary of the Treasury 
