1860. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
67 
to sell a portion of the notes for any sum that will 
t.hcsc Treasury notes in t,hc ordinary way, 
has been exhibited -in -the Chamber, on this side; 
enable him to get money to pay thc interest com- 
[ newablo fcr turo years, certainly it, wili be very although in y friend from Rhode Island, who has 
ing due. Ido not Eucun to make•any speech about difficult to cret moue y at all for them; and money I madc the opposition, knows very -mucll . more 
it; but these are mv views. 
li we nu:st have, to a certain extent, by the 1st of! about money matters than I do. 
Ir. SIMMONS. I hope the Senator from l' January, to preserve the credit of this Govern- 
MI". SEWARD. am quitc.scont-ent, sir, with 
Pennsylvania does not suppose that f want to rnent. 
all the amendrnents which are proposed by the 
Object to the (retting of this money. I have stated Now, then, what shall be done in the alternative Committee on Finance; atthougli 1 agree -wiih tho 
already that approve of that part Of thc bill that. I i 
prescn ted? W c may pledge the proceeds of the honora.ble Senatoi• from Mainc, that it would 
was to give to the Secretary the right to issue 
at any rate of interest that he could 
have it taken for at par. That agree to; but 
m v objection is this specific amendment now 
under consideration, entangiino• our land system 
with this subject, and makino• a different provision 
for the redemption of these notes from what we 
do for ali other species of our debt. That is my 
objection. 
Mr. BIGLER. It seems to mc the Senator 
from Rhode Island is manifestly mistaken in the 
import of this bill. 
It certainly in no way em- 
barrasscs the public lands. 
.1t would not inter- 
fere Wilh au y disposition Congress might make 
of them, although it is a specific pledge of the 
proceeds of the public lands. Whatever may 
come into the 'Ih•easury is pledged for the redemp- 
tion of these' notes. That is. tbc way I under- 
stand the bill. The Senator from Rhode island 
scems 10 think it. is a pledge of the land, and 
would embarrass any subsequent action of Con- 
in reiörcnce to it. 
I supposc I understand 
what he means. He thinks It would interfere 
with the honoc•stead bill. 
I do not understand the 
chairznan of 1.11c Conunitlcc on Finance to take 
that view of the subject. 
Mr. HUNTER. It does not. interfere with 
that. at •all. 
It only pledges the proceeds of the 
lands. 
It interferes no more with the 
homestead bill than the general. pledgc of the 
public credit. which already exists. 
public. lands specifically. The sales last year 
have been better to reduce the denomination of 
wore about a million and a half dollars, accord- these notes to twenty dollars. Heretofore l. have 
ing to thc returns; I do not know the exact sum. 
resisted the issuit'lg of Treasury notes of the lower 
If we put out this amount of Treasury notes, and denominations. That was at a time when the 
the procccds of thc public lands, so far as market was cntircly at- ease, when the banks 
they go to the payment, it is security. Is it any- were going on in their ordinary operations, and 
thing more than has been done before by this 
the issuing of those -notes miTht have interfered 
Government, and at n very recent or a compara- 
with the prosperous business of banking; but the 
tivcly recent period, too? 
I understand not. Is 
issuing of notes of so small a denomination as 
there any discredit about it? Why it is precisely fifty dollars, or even tl,venly dollars. would, I 
what an individual does in likc cases. Hc raises 
money; the money market is hard; hc wants 
more: and what does he do? He pledges a spe- 
cific portion of his property which is productive, 
which produces rents, which the creditor knows 
I will produce rent. 
Is thcrc anything discredit- 
able about that? Not at ail. 
Is there anything 
of bad faith about that? Not unless a mar) who 
owes money can never make, mort«acyes of his 
property on new ioans, either personal or real. It 
is not coiosidercd discreditable or dishonest. His 
properly is pledged, to be sure, and his credit is 
pledged. 
I prcstune the samc rule applies to the 
case ofa State as of individuals: that a Inan, ora 
.State, who has borrowed Inoney upon its general 
his general credit, Ilia y, if necessary, 
plcd«rc a specific portion of its or his o•enerak 
estate in order to raise inore knoney, if needful. 
Now, 1 free to say, I doubted xvhether this 
was expedient in the present ca.sc; I doubted 
whether it was necessary. 
I did not bind myself 
,VIr. SIMMONS. I am not saying it would to support it. 
I saw the diffcalty sucrcrcstca by 
interfere with it; but I say it would be used as an 
Mr. HUNTER. Cannot the general pledge 
• bc used as an argument? 
Mr. SIMMONS. Not at all. 
Mr. HUN'I'ER. I think it is a very fair 
argument. 
SIMMONS, It is a pledge of the 
sources of the Treasury now. This is all I have 
to say. do not think we ought to make any 
dislinction between thcse notes and any others 
that have been issued. 
NIC. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, tbcques- 
tion as presented to us is a choice between two 
alternatives. 
do not pretend to bc particularly 
learned on these financial matters; and perhaps, 
if nuv friend frorn Rhode Island and my friend 
from Pennsylvania agreed in their views, i micrht 
bc convinced, or at any rate persuaded to yield 
In y friend from Rhode Island. 
It was very pos- 
Sible people might raise an objection to it with 
reference to this anticipated homestead bill, and 
It is easily explained, however, and I 
have prepared an tuncndmcnt, which I proposed 
to offer at 0TH) period, that nothing hcrcin con- 
tained should be construed to affect the right of 
the Government to dispose of its public lands to 
actual settlers as it might see fit; but after all that 
is matter of form. 'I'lle thing is substantially so 
i now. No amendment of that kind would change 
the legal efflwt. We set aside the proceeds of the 
sales of the public 
lauds to redeeno these notes. 
The policy of' this Government is perfectly well 
understood; all the world knows it; and tl'iat 
i policy is to give away a • certain portion of its 
public lands for the purposc, if you please, of 
raising the value of the rest. We are not break- 
I ing faith, then, in reference t.o the matter; and if 
my own judgment; but when doctors disagree, 
this proposition would, as many think, have an 
those of •us who are not doctors must come to effect to increase the facility of gettincr money on 
the bcst conclusion we can. 
these notes, so far it is 
As said before, this is a choice between two I 
'I'hen, sir, thcrc is anot.hcr matter; and that is 
as it originally can')e from the 
things. The bill, 
thc proposition of the committee to reducc t.he 
I-lotise, provided substantially that the Secretary II deriomination of the notes. 
I was in favor of 
of tbc 'I'rcasury nligllt sell these Treasury notes 
for what he could get for them. W c know very 
well that the Inoney market is regulated by mon- 
eyed men, and if thev saw a provision in a bifl 
of this kind, that the Secretary has power to put 
them into the market after advertisc:nent, or bc- 
fore, and sell them for the stun he can get for them, 
pledging them, in point of fact, tho result will be, 
mn my judgment, they will not go off atrall, or it 
will be very difficult, except at a very great sacri- 
fice; because the money market would be con- 
trolled, to that purpose and end. Therefore, to 
my mind, the provision was objectionable. 
not say that I am right; but it wras not satisfac 
tory to mc. It iooked like assuming that we •,vcre 
in a condition t.hat we were obliged to sell our 
securities for what we could get for them—to put 
them in the market. 
I do not think we are quite 
reduced to that condition; nor do I choose, unless 
in a case of absolute l')ccessity, to put it in the 
power of any otlicer to do that, especially at the 
present time. 
Then, sir, we had the other alternative. Some- i 
thing ynust be (101ie, evidently, in the present state 
of the money market, to cive a fi)eling of security 
in those notes that we are about to put out. -What 
shah we do? We know very well 
—it must be 
reducing it. to twenty dollars, and I am yet; but 
still f think it Ilia y operate at fifty dollars. 
i I -YVith regard to the third provision, to put up 
portion of this loan, if you call it a loan, to auc- 
i! tion at such a rate of interest. as you can sell it 
! for at par, I did have great doubts whether it was 
necessary, and if' it was not necessary I would 
not do it. 
I have those doubts stiil. The ma- 
joritv, however, overruled mc in that particular, 
I and •l sce no verv ø•reat objection to it. 
It is.un- 
deniable that we have money to raise at a certain 
in order to preserve the public 
i i period, very near, 
credit, which n)ust be done at all cvcnts; but it is 
doubtful, or it bc doubtful, porbaps—that 
will depend upon we can 
meet it; and if we allow a certain portion , enough 
II to rncct it, to be plac.cd before the public pre- 
ciscly in that light, it was bclieved that that 
would save all question on that score. That was 
the view of the connnittee. 'That sum is but 
$3,000,000—a small sum—and the in terest on 
-which is not worth talkino• about. But I takc it 
that, without reference to ideas merely, we rnusl, 
as practical 
deal witli a practical subject. 
difitercd from the majority of the connnittec in 
some of these details; I do nowe•, but, really, as 
think, now be a sellsible relief to the. money 
market, and in aid of the banks throughout the 
country, who arc unable to supply paper in this 
merc temporary emergency. 
In regard. to the provision pledging the avails 
of the public lands, it strikes -me as cmincntly 
right and proper. 
I do not think that the Credit 
ot• an individual is any the worsc if, wllen ho finds 
it necessary to borrow ynoney, he hypothecates a 
security which he has. 
'I take it that it rather 
shows a plain, frapk, honest borrower; and if he 
has specific securities, he succeed in•getting 
money cheaper than he would if hc withheld them, 
and stood upon .his general charac!er. But really 
it amounts; 10 nothing, for Congress still- reserves 
the entire disposition of the public lands accord- 
in«r to the Consutution, although it shall give 
this plodgo of the avails which shall be rcccived 
into the r Ih•easury. Congress makes no specific 
pledo•e of these avails for the rodernption of' the 
notes till the avails from that source come in; and 
now- thosc avails, with all the other resources of 
the country, aro already pledged as effectually 
without this provision as witli it. 
Nor do I see that there is anything unusual or 
peculiar in the transaction. 
I know Lhat there. is 
no Statc in thc Uniop whose credit has generally 
been better than the Stutc of New York. We 
have never been too proud, and have never felt 
ourselves too rich, to pled (rc the revenues dcrived 
from our canals (our chief sourcc of revenue, in- 
dependent of taxation) for loans which werc made 
to be expended in tho prosecution of our system 
of internal improvements. And we go so far as 
not only to pledoc them by law, but •tl'ley have 
been, from the beginnin'Y of our system of inter- 
nal improvements, in the year 1817, until this year 
1860, perpetually pledged to the public credit. In 
times of gloom like these, it has becn a source of 
confidence and strength; and has enabled us to 
pay our interestand redeem our stocks falling due 
times when all the banks of the country had 
suspended specie payments, and even the Gov- 
ernment of the United States had suspended specie 
payments. It seems to me a very legitimate way; 
and really what is new to the country, what is 
especially important, is that this Government 
should be lifted up and placed upon a sound basis 
of credit; and as this is a mere temporary measure 
and a partial one, I trustthat before long the Sen- 
i ate will take up the question of the revenue, which 
has been submitted to them by the House of Rep- 
resentatives, and wili provide for replenishing [he 
Treasury in a substantial and permanent way. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, since 
mcnced my present term in the Senate, we have 
passed two or three loan bills. and several Treas• 
ury note bills. We passed a Treasury note bill 
at the first month of the session of 1857—58, 
when thcrc was greater commercial distress than 
ever knew in the country. We then made no 
specific pledges, and yet we got the money we 
wanted at a lcss ratc of interest than six per cent. , 
and at a time, too, wlicn doubt if any stocks on 
II 
the list were quoted as high as they are to-day. 
I know that thcre was Inore distress in the money 
market in 1857 than there is at this time. 
I objection is to goinz out of the regular beaten 
il track. 
It looks as it' we were alarmed ourselves 
In 1857, the 
for tbc credit of the Gove.rrnucnt. 
r Preasut•y, iri the rnidst of rhe 
Secretary of the 
greatest pressure that ever was known, issued a 
, proposition to sell sot-ne eight or ten ruillion dol- 
lars of Treasury notes, and they sold a! par, and I 
it is a mere 'natter of common sense applied to a 
think bore a less ratc of interest than fivc per cent. 
manifest to everybody who reads the reports of common and ordinary t.hing, 
Lhatifwc simply putout ties enough about it 10 justify the opposition that Now, I should like to know wha! there 
the state of the market—4 
