268 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
December 12, 
is to apprehend So much difföultj in the sate Of I \ Mr. WADE. L suppose we can amend the 
these notes, and why we should make Specific 
pledges of pa-rticular funds for •their redemption, 
when we have no such -Fledges in ahyxloan bill 
now in- existence? It would show to the country 
that we ourselves doubt'the creditof the Govern- 
ment. I think. it-is the worst policy in the world. 
agrce that the Statc.of New York may make a 
debt to construct a Canal, and may pledge the 
toils on -the canal-s to pay the interest 
• —thcre is no 
troublc in that,; but am asking the attention of 
the Senator from Virginia to the question now 
liknow he is familiar with all these 
b'efm•e us. 
Ci'reasufry note and- loan bills that we have passed. 
did not think-it nccessary in 1857 to pledge 
'Qi) y specific funds, and yet the notes sold at par 
at three or, four per cent,. interest. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 would like to my 
friend if he adverts at all in his mind to thc fact 
that a portion of the last loan that we authorized, 
is"not taken at the present time ? 
Mr. SIMMONS. All has been taken that was 
advertised; and I understand that this is to be 
substitute the remaining portion of it. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all; 
it is entirely 
independent of' it. 
Mr. SIMMONS. well, 1 read the 
ment for that loan. T herc was $10,000,000 ad. 
vcrtised for, and it was all talec•n at u premium. 
MI'. FESSENDEN. The money I'las not been 
-paid', Eliough-. 
Mr. ShåMONS. . Trouble on, 
of Ille bidders who got the loan failed to pay; but 
i say that in 1857, when there was greater pres- 
sure than there is now, we miide no such pledge, 
and i do .not doubt that noxv these notes will go 
at par. 'There is a difliculty, you say, in per- 
*iliuing the Secretary of the 'l'reusuvy to have the 
discretion of' seliinxr theun below p , 
• I do not 
I do not believe there 
see a") y difficulty in that. 
here w 110 would 
perrn it. the thith of 
u Senator 
I v n'lent of interest 
the Government to nul in the 
on the 1st of' January bccac_tse tliey could not get 
money at. six ner cent. Onc argument put- 
tint' in this is, that we can E) ot sell these 
, and the bill is red 
as to no ake 
I would rather take the bill t' s it c.arnc 
frotn the I Iou.s•e, and Ect t hc y at all hazards; 
and 1 would not distrust ourselvopt 
nn pau• our 
ci•edit by pulling till y different provis!0!') in this 
Treasury note bill from what we have put in all 
others. We know that we succeeded well with- 
out any such provis•ton in rhe worst timc this coun- 
try every had for isst_ting notes, in 1857. 
Why shall •we not now? My greatest objection 
to thig proposition is, 
that it changes our system 
of hirinc money that which we have pursued 
for thc last lht•ee years, and changes it now for 
temporary erntn•gene.y when we wunt $10,000,000 
Treasury not( s. 
Tbc Secretnt•y proceeded to call the roll upon 
the tuncndment, and Mr. ANTHONY answered to 
his name. 
I want to an amendment. 
Mr. WADE. 
The PRESI DING OFFICER, 
"I'he Senator is too late; 
the 
RICK in the chair.) 
caliinrr of the roll has conunenced. 
Mr. WA DE. I ask the u nanimous consent of 
the Senate' to-permit me to offer an amendment to 
obviate what I consider an objection to the prop- 
osition now pcnding. I fear that this amendment 
will with tho right of Congress to dis- 
pose of the public 'lands' to actual settlers; or, in 
other words, with the homestead bill. 
It seems 
to me that it may have that effect. 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Chair will 
state to the Senator that it is not in order to argue 
1110 question while the roll is being called. 
Mr. WAI)ß. I ask unanimous consent. 
Mr. HUN'I'L'R. 1 hope the Senator not 
If he is aøainst the amendment as 
propose that. 
it stands, it will be better for him to vote ao•ainst 
it. 
If he proposes what he has suggested, he 
will get up a long debate on the homestead meas- 
ure. know what the amendment is; and I think, 
when the Senator offers it, he will find that it goes 
further than he thinks. Ido not think myself that 
this interferes with, the right of Congress to dis- 
pose of the public lands; but if he thinks so, lie 
can vote ag•aiast it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
state that debate is out of order; but Senators can 
proceed by' unanimous. congent, 
proposition when we get into the Senate. Oh, 
yes." ] 
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President—- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The calling of 
the roll has commenced, and all debate is out of 
order. 
Mr. BINGHAM. Whtü is the question? 
'rhe PRESIDING OFFICER. On agreeing to 
the amendment rcported by the Committee on 
Finance. 
Mr. BINGHAM. The amendment pledging 
the proceeds of the public lauds? 
The question being taken by ycas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 38, nays 16; as follows: 
YEAS—Mes.grs. Baker, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, 
Cameron, Clark, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Fes- 
sendcn, Fitch, Fosttr, Green, Gwin, Halo, 
Iiunter Johnson or Arkansas, Johnson o? 'l'ennessee, 
Kennedy, Lane, Lathan), Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk 
Powell, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Seward, Slidell, Suurinet•, 
'I'homson, WigFall, VVils0!i, and Yulee—B. 
N AYS—Messrs. Anthony, Binghanl, Chandler, Doolittle, 
Harlan, King, Riec, Sini- 
Dougiap, Durkec, Foot, Grimes 
molls, Ten Eyck, 'i'rmnbuil, VVade, and Wilkinson—16. 
So thc amendment was agreed to. 
The next tunendnnnt of the Committee on 
line nine, after the 
Finance was, in section {bur, 
word " President," to strike out: 
' 'To borrow from time to time, on the best terms proposed , 
such surns ot• nxoncy, upon the credit of the notes author- 
izcd by this act, as he 'nay demn expedient, after havin" 
given public notice of at Icast ten days, of thé SUB) or sutns 
requtrcd, and inviting proposals thereror, in newspapers 
published in thc cities ot' Washington and Nesv York." 
And in lieu thereof to insert: 
"l'o issue so many of' tne notes hereby authorized to be 
issued as a:nount to a not exceeding $3 000 000 
.at, such rate of interest as nnay• be ()flOred by the lowest 
. rcsponsible bidder or bidders, 
who tnav at'rce to take the 
said notes at par, utter pu blic vertisenncnt of u ot lcss tban 
t.on days in such papers the President inay direct; 
said advertiscnnent. to propose to issue such notes at par to 
those w 110 nnay to take the saine at the lowest rate ot• 
interest. ; but it) decidiligr those bid* no fractions shall 
be considered which inay bc less than onc tourth of one 
per centtlill per annunl. 
Mr. CAMERON. the is taken, 
I sucygost, that we strike out the litnitation of 
and allow the provision to apply to 
whole seam. When I ngrced to 
supposed the was croinqr 
lienitation, I 
to twenty dollar notes. 
, regard to that, 
1Mr. U (J iV1'L'R. i 
that. I thou(rhf, it. was better to try the amount we 
obliged to have, in order to sec how it would. 
work, uncler the hope that if this pledge of the 
public lands remained, and the notes; wer(b reduced 
to fifty dollars, we could work off the residue; but 
nåysclt•, to applying this pro- 
have no objection, 
vision to the whole amount. 
Mr. COLLAMER. If 1 this matter 
aright, the House sent us a bill fox: the issuing of 
'I" roasury notes, with authority in the Executive 
to sell all of those notes, from timo to time as 
occasion should require, for the purpose of' rais- 
incr rnoncy, at whatever price they lüight bring. 
1 tbc amend ment now offercd to be to 
confine the 1)0Wer of the Executive in disposino• 
the market at what they may 
. of those notes in 
bring, to 
Mr. FESSENDEN Mr. CAMERON. Oh, 
no . 
Mr. COLLAMER. What is it, then. 
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow 
me, I will state what it is. bill, as sent here 
by the House, authorized the Secretary of the 
'l'rcasury, with the approval of the President, to 
by'pothecate these notcs at any sum for which he 
could raise money on them; in other words, to 
borrow money and give these notes as collateral 
security; and, of course, if the money should not 
be paid at maturity, the notes would have to be 
sold for what thcy would bring. The amendment i 
is, that the Secretary of t 1110 Treasury is to adver- 
tise for, proposals to take the mo»cy at par at the 
lowest rate of interest at which the notes will be 
taken, and it confines that advertisement to 
$3,000,000. 
Mr. COLLAMER. At six per cent. ? 
Mr. CAMERON. At such a rate of interest 
as he can get the Inoney for at par. 
Mr. COLLAMER. dislike that limitation to 
$3,000,000. I have no objection to the power bc- 
ine "iven to the Executive to dispose of these 
notes for such money as ilia y be wanted; but to 
limit that to only, I am opposed to as 
at present advised. f understood the honorable 
Senator from Virginia to suggest that that was 
the sum which would bc imrnediatcly needed. 
Now, sir, I understand that that is needed in this 
way: about that sum will be wanted in January 
for the purpose of paying the interest on the pub- 
lic debt. 
Mr. HUNTER. under that; not quite 
that, but about that. 
Mr. COLLAMER. it. 
Now, Mr. President, i think there is just the same 
need, and at the very same time, for money 
yond the amount required to pay the intcrest on 
the public debt. Lau January there was an issue 
of 'I'rcasury notes which were sold for money— 
I think $10,000,000 for one year. They were 
made receivable for public ducs, and some of them 
may come in, and probably havo come in, in pay- 
ment of duties; but the great body of these notes, 
asl understand the matter, remain out now. They 
are not yet due; but they will be due just about 
the time that the interest is due on the public 
loans. The Treasury issued the notes at (.tiffer- 
ent dates, because the subscribers paid in the 
money at different times; and I cannot fix the 
dates precisely, but I think they were all issued 
in the first part of January last. 
tun reminded that therc was last session pro- 
vision made for a loan of $20,000,000 tln• the pur- 
pose of redeeming the Treasury notes then out. 
Gentlemen understand very well that only half 
that loan has been advertised and bid for, and a 
part of the iuoncy paid and a part of it not paid; 
but that does notat all provide for the case. 'l'herc 
are "I'reasury notes which we issacd 
last January that will fall due next January. 'i'he 
()lher $10,000,000 con tained in the twenty million 
have never bcen ad vertiscd for, and the 
loan bill, 
power to borrow them remains in the har)ds of 
the Secretary of the 'I'reasury now. Bids cavi be 
advertised for if he thinks proper; but it is prob- 
ably not thought advisable to do that; and it is 
proposed by the issuc of these 'l'reasury notes to 
get Ilioney, arid we are to try to sell them par. 
E.[c cannot sell thetn below par, accordiner to In y 
VIC cannot sell 
recollection of the proposition. 
loan in the state of thc Inoney rna-rl-.-et„ 
tho 
and it is not, probably, ad visable to try that at {he 
and hence this provis:on for 
present rnoment•, 
'lh•casury holes. Well, then, 
we want these 
rrreasary notes not 'Tierely to i!iterest 011 the 
loan fulling duc in January, but also to pay the 
'l'rcasut•y notes falling due in January, with the 
interest upon them. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 will say to the senator from 
V cu•rnont that. I much prefer that thc ame ruent 
should prevail; but we took what we thought we 
could carry. We arc to have a certain 
amount, and I do not wish to risk a failure of' the 
bill. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Whv are we not obliged 
to provide for the one as well as for the other-? 
IV.L•. HUNTER. Because it may not be 
mandcd. How do we knox.v that it will bc dc- 
manded.? 
Mr. COLLAMER. The public faith 
to the redemption of the Treasury notes which 
fall duc in Januarv, and certainly it needs the 
sanl(_' provision for thc payment of then) as for 
the payment of in tercst on the loan. You might 
as well ask me how do I know that the commu- 
nity wikl ever look for the interest 011 the loan. 
There is just as good reason to believe they will 
present the 'Treastu•y notes. They cannot got 
IntcrcstÖn them without presentina them. Sup- 
pose I hold one of the notes, payable in January 
with interest: am obli€rcd to present it, because 
cannot get interest beyond the day it. is due 
without presenting it. You have not agreed to 
I t is only in- 
pay me interest beyond January 
terest for one year contained in the note. 
Mr. HUNTER. we pay interest on 
until it is called in. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly, until the 
Bs•ued 
presents it. Say I have a 'I'reasury notu, 
last January, with interest due upon it on the 
6th day of January next. 
Mr. HUNTER. It bears interest until the 
Sccretary of the Treasury advertises for it to 
come in. 
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir; it bears 
just that year, and a man cannot keep t litt in his 
I know it, 
pocket and wait for it to be galled in. 
for I have had occasion to buy some of the notes 
—I did not buy them for myself, I had not the 
