1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
69 
it was for a company sonable possibility, a reasonable chanc% that we the public lands—that portion of them which is 
moncv to buy them svith; 
may not be able to do it except in this Way; and . sold, and the proceeds Ot• whiclf åre bfoUght:iotö 
It is understood that the 
that wanted them. 
holder n•vast present the note or lose interest, and t i hence 1 am willing to submit to it; buÜL am not the Treasury. 'Thosé proceedsa16ne arc pledged 
to go further, because i dislike the prin- 
for tlie redemption of these n0tCS. The 
hence it bc presented as a matter of course. 
themselves are not pledged*. I 'feel moro than 
But, Mr. h) resident, desire that tile provision ciple; and for one, I am unwiilino• to admit that 
for the saic of' trrcasury notes should extcnd to the credit of the Government. has got to that IOV„r i ordinary interest about this matter, bécause•l am 
the whole of the notes that v,' c issue, if the Ex- II 
pass that we should put this power into the hands desirous of saving the credit of this country. 
ec.utivc finds it needful. He cun ascertain whether 1b of any officer of the Government. As f said bc- day is the 12th of the month; on- the -1st of' 
the notes are to be presented, whether thero is fore, though I ilia y be mistaken in reference to i' month you .havc to pay Of interest 
that matter, the money market is controlled by Will any man, whose' he-tirt feels towards 
occasion for it. I dislike to have the pufilic credit- 
moneyed l•ncn•, and if wc put the whole of this I this country, refuse to get money suffciéfit to pay 
or.s present their paper for paytnent svhen it is duc, 
and to have them told that they must take Treas- I issue in that position, tbc probabflity is that we i tliat intcres.t at any cost? 
ury notes, when thcrc is a discount on them in 
the market, and thc answer is, " Oh, well, you 
can go into the market and sell them and get your 
money." -Who should suffer that discount, t 
Government, who owes the money, or thc man 
to whorn it is due? Certainly the Government. 
there.fbre. dcsife that the amendmcnt, as h under- 
stand the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania 
has proposed, should extend to the v,' hole amount, 
and not. I-)C limited to $3,000,000. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Com- 
mittcc on Finance has stated that this proposition 
now made for an amendment is satisfactory to 
him, aad it would have been satisfactory to him 
had it remained applicable to the whQle loan. 
fThat induces me to state that I am responsible, 
perkiaps, deqrrec at least, for the amoud- 
that n•radc, in fact reducing amount 
to L-!e put into Inarket to I remain of 
the. saeno and I wiil state the reasons for 
in thc first place, 
it directly; bat .1 W' ish, 
to say 
to n' v friend from Vermont that he rnay not ac- 
if '.,vc arc to attempt to 
plish his purpose. 
meet, on the 1st day of January next, the amount 
of r i"reasury 1i0tcs that then becomc payable, 
havc a larger amount of issue than $10,000,000 
at present time, for this is intended to rneet 
other obligations of the Govcn•nmcnt decidedly 
inore prt ss;ng, and in which the credit of Lhe Gov- 
involved. 
is disposed to make an urnend- 
I C the Senate 
to this bill of the House, by we shall 
increase this amount largely enough to cover, not 
oniy the, present liabilities of the Government for 
cash to preserve its credit, but also to cover the 
'lircasury notcs that mav be prcsentcd at that time, 
arid redeem those, that will be for considera- 
.tion of Congress; but I takc it, nobody wants t 
go above the at thc present tiroe, tl'iis 
bein.m a mere temporary expeüicnt, 
I wish to stop there; wc do not 
itself as it does. 
feel disposed to increase the amount of the House 
bill; and un10ss we do, we cannot accomplish the 
Mr. COLLANIER. The Senator will indulge 
me for a moment in sayincr that I do not suppose 
the $10,000,000 of Which I spoke, as falling duc in 
January are all standing out. because those notes 
are recci vable for dues, and no doubt a consider- 
able portion of them has been so received. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 tell how much 
may be st4nding out at this time. I do not know. 
Therc may be possibly a way of finding it out. 
I do not know how; but suppose the chairman 
of the committee can inform me. 
Mr. HUNTER. There morc than ten 
1 believe. 
million outstandi.ng, 
Mr. FESSENDEN. But of that particular 
issue of Treasury notes ? 
Mr. HUNTER. if they all 
sente,d on tbc 1st of January, this is not enough. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Part may have come in 
to pay for duties. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ido not know how much 
may be outstanding; I am speaking of the amount 
for which we are liable. What it may be, I can- 
not tell. Now, am opposed entirely to putting 
int.o the hands of the Government, unless it is 
absolutciy necessary, the power to sell these I'10tes 
I do not believe in the 
for what they will bring. 
i do not think the credit of the Gov- 
idea at all. 
ernment has come to that bad pass that we ought 
to put that power into the hands of the Execu- 
tive. For myself, I am opposed, under all cir- 
cumst.a.nces, to having our paper shaved in this 
way; for that is the amount of it. 
may suflör a severe loss, aud injure the credit of 
I was _a little mortified and greatly surpfised to 
the Governt-nent very much the destruction Of find gentlemen on the'other side who vere talking 
our paper in consequence of the power thus given. about secession all voting to savo the credit of 
That my view of it. Whether it is sound or count-ry,while some of my friends he'rc,-whQ ought 
I have no grounds to be for saving this country, were deserting us; 
not, the Senate can 
Mr. COLLAMER. V*That is your motion 
for opposing such a proposition other than these 
public grounds that I have stated; but, asa matter now? 
of course, I unay be wrong in all this. I have, as Mr. CAMERON. I have been making an ex- 
I ought to have, confidence, in the financial knowl- planation motion at all.' But if .1 were-allowed, 
1 would mak(.i a motion" to change. the denomina- 
edge and ability of my friend from Pennsylvania; 
tion of the notes from fifty to•tWenty dollars. 
and 1 hope and believe that, on fuller considera- 
tion, he will see that this is not a wise thing Mr. •That is not in order now. 
Mr. 1 know it is not in order. • 
he has proposed. 
Mr. COLLAMER. tho Chair state 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 do not that the Sen- 
ator from Maine and myself disagree at all. 
I i ques_tion.? 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The Secretary 
proposed oriffinally in the con_umttec that we 
should issue. Treasury notes of twenty dollars will read thc amendment pyoposed by the Senator 
each. With that issue, I believed we could sus- from Pennsylvania to the amendment of the com- 
tain the whole of them by gettinc» $2,000,000 for mittec_ 
Mr. COLLABåER. 1 understood the Senator 
immediate use, to pay tne intcrcsb due on the pub- 
lic debt on the 1st of January, without any other {i from Pennsylvania to say that he had made no 
I believc 
motion for amendment. 
arrangcmcnt or any other subterfuge. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
that the credit of a goverrnnclil is like the credit 
i of an individual. •W hcn money is much in understands frorn the Secretary that there is -no 
, amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania 
mand, individuals have to pay a high price for it • 
pending; but the quest.ion is on the amendment 
I and so havo «ovct•nments. Just now our State I 
securities very low. 'I'his Government nccds of t.he Committee on Finance to strike out all, of 
money very badlv. She wants, within a few days, I t.he fourth scction ofthc bill after the word Presi- 
, and for that an-:ount which she dent," in tbc ninth line, and, in lieu thereof. to 
a rge 
amount 
, requn•e.s she will have Lo pay just such as. insert: 
'l'o so Inany of thc notes hereby authorized to be 
chose have the artielc dernand. 
. , Inav a tnount to a sum not exceeding 
busiuess idea which every inun in busi- 
at sunli rate ot' interest as snay be offered by the •lowest 
his o v," n transactions. Two 
ness finds out ii) 
responsible bidder or bidders, who 'nay agree to take the 
said notes at par, after public advertisement of not less 
Illillion dollars will suffice for the immediate want 
of thc Govermncnt, to which I havc referred. Tho than tcn days in such papers as the President may direct ; 
the said advertisement to propose to issue such notes,at 
•other $8,000,000, i bclicvc, could be madc avail- 
par to tbosc who lilay otlör to take tbc saine at the lowest 
able to thc creditors of lhc Government by issuin«r 
but in decil,iug upon those bids no frae- 
rate of interest; 
tions shall be considered which inay be of less than one 
notes in sums less than fifty dollars. For in- I 
fourth per centuni pet annuln. 
sl•anne, a largc nutnber of m'•n employed about 
the Capitol have demands of twenty dollars for 
Thc amendment was acrecd to. 
iuonth's, their half month's, or their i The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is 
before the Senate as in Committee of the Wholp, 
weclr's service, 'they would' be p'erfcctly will- 
incr to takc a note for twenty dollars in payment and still opcn to amendment. The Chair will 
ill l.)lace of gold; but if you make the notes fifty . stale to the Senate that the bill hus not been read 
Is it the pleasure of the body to 
dollars, that. class 01' creditors cannot take them. through as yet. 
have the, bill read through, or to dispense with 
is all over the country, certainly in 
Then there 
my State, a large number of people who yearly its reading? 
Mr. WADE. Is it now in order to amend the 
save small sums—children, unmarried wcnnen, 
I persons of small means but thrifty habits, who bill ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir. 
lay up tcn or fiftccn or twenty dollars a year. 
I That class of people will be glad to get your Mr. WADE. I desire to amend the amend- 
twenty dollar note, and receive the intercst which mcnt which has been adopted pledging the pro- 
the Government pays, and that will make, ita cceds of the public lands for the t;edemption of 
currency. In addition to that, the income from 
this debt. 
the public lands last year was That The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
amount will be applicable to the redemption of I state to the Senator that that will not be in order 
these Treasury notes ; and it is a sufficient specie until the bill shall have been reported to the Sen- 
ate. ft is now in Committce of the Whole. The 
basis to pay all that bc demanded. 
I look at this matter in a common-sense view. l! Chair hcars . no objection to dispensing with the 
reading of the bill. 
1 can see no more harm in the Government issu- 
small notes than in individuals or states or . Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think it had better be 
I banks issuinx them. What wrong can it do? I 
read, if anybody will attend to it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary 
Is there any difference in principle between issuincr 
a twenty-dollar note and a fifty-dollar note? The 
only difference is, that practically the onc becomes 
a currency for the rich and the other a currency 
f01' the poor. No wrono• is done to anybody, 
but great good is done to the Government by it. 
I think you will save some two or three per cent. 
in interest on your debt, if you agree to issue 
$8,000,000 of notes in twenties and fifties and hun- 
dreds, and direct the Secretary of the Treasury to 
issue at once at such a rate of interest 
as he can receive and get for the notes taken at 
par. That is my view of it. 
Now, in regard to the homestead bill, I have 
to say that this will not affect it at all. 
not voted for that bill as steadily as anybody else? 
will read the bill. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I' suppose everybody has 
read it who wants to know what it is. 
It is in 
print, and we have heard the amendment. I hope 
the reading will not be insisted upon. Those 
who would not read it themselves will hardly 
listen to it. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall make no objec- 
tion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
hears no objection to dispensing with the reading 
of the bill. 
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended; 
and the question was stated to be on concurring 
in the amendments made in the Committcc of the 
I svas willin:l to go just so far as was absolutely 
necessary, and no further, to preservc the credit i i Arn not as much devoted to its principle? Have Whole. 
Of the Government; for we have got to provide not c very reason to be anxious that every man Mr. -WADE. I now move my amendment• 
It comes in at the end ofthe amendment already 
who can, should geta home on the public domain? 
tain our credit at a day so near that there is a rea- This amendment merely pledges the income from adopted, pledging the proceeds of tbc public lands 
