THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 12, 
to; the-payment and redemption of the debt. The 
words which I propose to add are: 
•But nothing herein contained shall be held to affect the 
right of Congress to dispose of' satd lands to actual settlers, 
and Nhm• purposes, on such terms and conditions as it 
may deem to be advisable. 
Mr. President, it is said that the amendment 
which- has been inserted, without the amendment 
to it which I now propose, wouJd not affect the 
power of Congress to grant lands under the pro- 
visions of the homestead bill; but I fear it v.rould 
have that effect, for I do not see how, after pledg- 
ing- all the public land for the redemption of this 
debt, we could make donations of land for other 
purposes, and thus prevent its being applied ac- 
cording to the pledge of Congress. 
It seems to me that this cuts up the homestead 
I would also say to those 
policy by the roots. 
who are favorable to thc Pacific railroad, that we 
may want a grant of lands for that object; and it 
seems to me, -if we pledge all our lands specifi- 
cally for the redemption of this debt, it would not 
be good faith to the creditor to apply them or 
If this pro- 
their proceeds to other purposes. 
vision made no actual diflt•rence as to our power, 
it would seem to make a difference, and it would 
seem to me not cxactly to be good faith to the 
creditor to hold this induccment out to him, and 
then to pass away the substratum on which he 
had advanced his money, by so disposing of the 
lands that no proceeds would ever come for the 
I hope, therefore, that 
redemption. of the debt. 
all sympathize with the homestead policy, 
and all who believe we ought to keep thcsc lands 
in such a con(lition that we 'nay apply them to 
the construction of the Pacific railroad, or for 
othcr purposes to which Cono•rcss may see fit to 
appropriate. them, will vote to rctain out' power 
over them. 
Now, sir, for xnyself, I utterly opposed to 
holding onr lands or disposing of' any of tl•acm 
would have them all 
any Iohger for rcvcnuc. 
withd ra •w n for other purposes entirely, and I 
havc no that t hc credit. of this Government 
would suffer, cvcn if' the lari(ls were never 
I have no doubt or question but that 
to aid it. 
those w ht) wish to loan nooncy have faith enotlffll 
in the ability of this Go vcl'l)rnel'lt to redeem all its 
debts without pledging anything but its Ill.)nor 
for their redeunption. 
Mr. CLINGI\A AN. I auderstand that the Sen- 
ator is averse to -our using t.hc public land to pay 
our debts, he that it shall he given 
away- under the provisions of' Lho homestead bill. 
It struclc Inc as so extraordinary a position, that 
w her) it was ad tnit.tcd the Government was in 
straightened circumstances and its credit was low, 
any gentlexnnn should object to paying its debts 
with its own property, bccausc hc preferred giv- 
ing it n way, that I begun to cast about, ill my 
own mind, to fill(l on what principle the Senator 
from Ohio was actil')ff. 
rJ.'he only argument or 
instance or precedent that I can find to 
I'lis views, is the declaration of Mark Antony, 
whorl h? was at the end of his career, that he had 
triven away. I sup- 
lost exccW what he had 
b 
honorable S•snator wishes to be to 
pose the 
say, if disaster should fall upon thie Go vertnnpnt„ 
that alt any rate it has saved what it gave away; 
and, therefore, instead of payino• our debts with 
the public property, hc wishes to distribute it to 
whoever wants it. 
the oricrinal 
HUNTER. 1 said when 
amendkncnt. was ponding what now repeat, that 
I do not, think its adoption or alters ut ail 
the power of Congress in regard 10 the disposi- 
tion of thc public lands: that is to say, although 
their power is inst tbc satne under the amend- 
boon without a creneral 
ment as it-would have 
pied•ye, believe that if the lands pledged gen- 
era!iy, a kid the IT venues arc pledge(l 
and (bc Government has credit and pay its 
debts, it can dispose of the public lands in any 
i believe that to bc so without 
way it chooses. 
this provision, and without a general l.)ledgc, and 
even without any F)icdge; but ata time when credit 
is low, and it is doubtful in regard to the payment 
that is a 
of debts—if there be any doubt about it— 
good argurncnt against making any other dispo- 
when. a man goes in debt that he pledges all his 
effects to pay it. Therefore I think this amend- 
ment of the Senator from Ohio ought not to bc 
ad opted , because I cannot say , witliout is amend- 
ment, that it is nota consideration with us to pre- 
serve the public property, in order to apply It to 
thcpublic debt. I think things have. got to that 
pass that we should consider all these means of 
securiag the public credit and of strengthening it. 
I shall not vote for the amendment; but the adop- 
tion of the amendment will not make me vote 
I think it is surplusage. If I 
a«ainst thc bill. 
have an ohiection, it is, that it is denying what I 
think is a fair arcyument, and would be a fair ar- 
gument without this amendment—not that this 
amendment alters the power of the Government 
to dispose of the public lands any more than the 
original obligation. 
Mr. G WIN. The Senator from Ohio says that 
In thal he is 
this is a pledge of the public lands. 
surely mistaken. The provision, as it has been 
incorporated in the bill, does not pledge an acre 
of the public lands. They are in no way pledged 
It is merely 
to the payment ofthcse notes at all. 
provided that the proceeds of the sales of the pub- 
lic lands shall bc applied •to the redemption of the 
notes; and if no lands are sold, there is no fund 
pledged for the payment of the notes, and Con- 
gress can make any disposition of the public lands 
precisely the same as if this provision was not in 
the bill. Ifthoseprocceds only amountto $100,000, 
the money is to take that direction. If they amount 
to $2,000,000, it is to take that direction. If it 
amounts to nothing,thcre iÅ nothing to cret. There 
no pledge at all of the lands, and therefore the 
Government has power to dispose of the lands as 
it may see fit, without violating any faith pledged 
in this bill. 
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to take up time on 
this subject; but if we say on the face of our bill 
to a creditor who is about to loan money to the 
Governrnent, that tho proceeds of our lands 
shall bc for the redemption of his debt, t 
do 1K)t. really sce how or why can in good 
faith dispose of those lands f'or other purposes, so 
that no proceeds can conoe from them. So it .strikes 
rne•, and I should not suppose that would be fair 
(leafing with thc creditor, unless it was the, fact', 
the fact, that this Govcrnment was able 
to redeem all its dcL)ts without any pledge of the 
public Ian(ls. i suppose it would weigh very little 
It) the mind of the public creditor; Gut neverthc- 
less, i? it, is neccssary, in order to inducc him to 
loan money to the Government, to mak& this 
pledge, it strikes me we should make no other 
disposition of the lands while it is outstanding. 
We should not diminish the proceeds of the pub- 
lic lands that are plcdgcd for this purpose. So it 
strikes me, but I shall not consumc umc•, I only 
ask that the yeas and nays may be taken upon 
this amendment. 
" Ehe yeas and nays were ordered; and beint" 
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 27; as follows: 
Anthony, Baker, Bingliillli, Citlneron , 
Chandter, Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglås, Durkee, Fes- 
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, I-landin; Harlan, Johnson 
Rice, Seward, Sinn-nons. 
King, Lathanb 
of 'I'cnncsrscc, 
, , Eyck, 'i'rulnbu", Wade, IrViikineon, and 
Sillnner 
Wilson—Q8. 
Clingman. Col- 
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, 
kuner, Crittvndcn, Davis, Fit.e.li, Fitzpatrick, (h:ccn, Gwin, 
Ilunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Kenne- 
H ctnphill, 
Lane, Mas(m, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Sauls- 
dv, 
bury, Sebastian, Slidell, 'I'hoznsou, and Wirrftlf—27. 
So.t.he amendment was acn•ced to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on concurring in the first amendment made by 
thc Committec bf the -Whole, which was, in sec- 
, linc seven , to strikeout " one hundred,' 
tion one 
aed inscrt " fifty." 
r i' he nrncndtnent was concurred' in. 
I suppose the next question 
Mr. HUNTER 
is on concurrinc-r in the aåTH'ildment which has 
just been amended. 
The, PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir. 
i Mr. HUNTER. to have it read, 
as amended. 
The, PRESIDING OFFICER. 'The Secretary 
will read the amendment made as in Committee 
of thc 'W bole, as it has now been amended. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
sition of the public land than using them to pay 
At tho end of tbc second section, insert : 
I believe that is a good argument, i•vhether 
debts. 
t11C procccds of the sales ot• thc public {ands shall 
It is a good 
this amendtnent is adopted or .not. 
bo specifieally pledgé(i and set apart to redeem the said 
ar«rument, whether thero is anv pledge 
notes at par; but nothing herein contained shali be held to 
specified in the bill or not, because it is implied II affect the right of Congrcks to dispose of said lands to ac- 
tual settlers, and for other purposes, on such terms and 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 must confess that as the 
• Senate has amended tlie amendment, I do not like 
it. As it was originally, it did not interfere with 
tho diSposition of the public lands; but to votc for 
thc amendment as amended, implics some assent 
i am 
to the homestead policy, as it seems to me. 
I am willinø to leave it an 
not willina• to do that, 
open question. The amendmcnt as I offered it, 
did not piedgc the lands, but only the proceeds. 
I am not disposed to agree to the amendment, as 
amended. 
Mr. G WIN. I hope the yeas and nays will 
be taken on the amendment as amended, and I 
trust it will bc stricken out. We had better take 
the bill as it came from the House of Represent- 
It will facilitat.e legislation 
atives in that respect. 
a great deal more, and hasten the iSsuing of these 
I would rather not amend the 
Treasury notes. 
bill at all in this respect; and I call for the yeas 
and nays on thc question of concurring in the 
amendment, as amended. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say, 
that I doubted very much whether it was advis- 
able in the first place to put in this pledge o? the 
public lands; but I yielded to it in committee. 
Now, however, masmuch as the. chairman thinks 
he would rather have it out in the present state of 
things, T shall continue to vote with him. 
Mr. COLLAMÉR. 1 wish to say one word 
in ox-planation of tho vote I propose to give. 
consider that the amendment making this pledge, 
as it now stands amended, pledging the proceeds 
of the public lands, provided, nevertheless, Con- 
gress may be at liberty to dispose of those lands 
for any purpose they think proper, is and amounts 
to no pledge at all; and gentlemen around me an- 
nounce that that was the motive and purpose for 
which the arnendment was made. Then, if it 
means nothing at all, it should not be kept in. 
There is an insincerity in it tQ which I do not 
choose to be a party. Therefore, viewing it as 
i no pledge, and as intended to destroy any pledge, 
I shall vote acrainst thc amcndmcnt being there 
i Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think that is the. gen- 
era} feeling everywhcrc, that the amendment, as 
had best bc stricken out; and if the Sen- 
ator California will allow the vote to be 
taken, it will be stricken out without any yoas and 
nays about it. Nobody is for it that I know of. 
I am willinff to with- 
Mr..GYViN. very well. 
draw the call for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no 
objection , thc call may be withdrawn. ["Agreed. "l 
T hc question is on concurring in the amendment 
made in Committee of the Whole, as amended. 
The amendment, as amended, was not con- 
currcd in. 
The next amendment made as in Committee of 
the Whole was from line nine of section four, after 
the word " President," 
to strike out: 
borrow, from time to time, on the best terms pro- 
posed, such sutns of money, upon the credit of the notes 
authorized by this act, as he may decrn expedient, after 
having given public notice of at least ten days of thc su:n 
or required, and invitin« proposals therefor in news- 
papers published in the cities of Washington and New 
And to insert, in lieu thereof, the following: 
'l'o issue so many of the notes hereby authorized to be 
issued as Inay amount to a sum not exceediog 
at such ratc of intercst as njay be offered by the- lowest. re- 
spcnFibIe bidder or biddcrs, who rnay agree to take the said 
notes at par after public advertisement of not less than ten 
days in suell papers as the President tna.v direct; the said 
advertisement to propose to issuc such notes at par to f.hose 
may offer to take the satne at the lowest rate ot• inter- 
est; but in deciding upon those bids, no fraction shall be 
considered which Inay be less thau one {Ourth pnr ccnttnn 
per annmn. 
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I will now 
renew my motion, made some time acro, to 
so as to let the 
out the words 
" three million,' 
I whole sum be subject to such price as Ilia y be 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 think it would be safest to 
adhere to the amendment of4he committee. Let 
us try these three million first. We shall soon 
know how it will work, and then we can tell 
whether we can carry it further. Let us take 
what we can carry, and not attempt to go any 
further. 
MI'. CAMERON. I have no desire to inter- 
