72 
stitution- and tho common law, ynaidéd by-statutory enact- 
ment, .do• hot afford and sufficient protection to 
slave. property; some of the Territories having failed, 
others -having refused, to pass such enactments ; it has be- 
como the duty of Congress to interpose and pass such laws 
as will afford to slave property in the 'I'erritories that pro- 
tection w.hicb is given to other kinds of property." 
Befoi•e -going further, I will say that there never 
Was' a vote upon this last proposition asa distinct 
proposition. The vote -was between the propo- 
sition introduced-by the two Senators from Mis- 
•sissippi. Was a choice- between the two. •-1 
voted against _the last proposition, because I pre- 
ferred théfirst. The first contained a clear, dis- 
tinct decla:ration of pninciple that at any time and 
(it a-II "times it was the duty of this Government 
to 'protect property in •the, Territories. This last 
resdlution specified no place, no Territory, not 
Kansas, but. in general phraseology that expe- 
rience having already shown that the Constitu- 
tion and thc common law, unaided by statutory 
enactments, do not afford adequate and suffcicnt 
protection to slave property, " therefore legislative 
action was necessary. 
Now I will say just here that, in reading this 
resolution, there occurs to me at this moment one 
insuperable objection to it, and one which would 
-induce me, if it were a distinct proposition at this 
thoe, to vote against it; and. the Senator from 
Illinois is entitled to all that he can get from that. 
I did not vote against it asa distinct proposition, 
but 'I would have done it. I-lad we voted for that 
resölål,ion-last spring, there is not a stunnp im the 
United States upon which the Senator, when can- 
vassing for the would not have, runry 
the charges that we had admitted his principle, his 
great principle, 
that slavery was local; and 
would bavc read to tbc people this resolution, that 
" all experience having already shown that the 
Constitu lion and the 
e.on•nnon law, unaided by 
statutory enactment, do not afford adequate and 
sufficient protect.ion to slave property," and he 
would havc asked tbcm if tbc and 
the laws do not afford adequatc protection, is it 
not an admission u the record that it is local, 
and requires legislat i ve action to establish it; and 
out. of our own Inoutbs would have been 
dcmncd. It appetirs from this debate that, when 
it camc to be voted upon, had never heard it, and 
had not read it, and asked it to be road again bc- 
fore I vote-d. I voted upon it from the impression 
made on my mind nt the monwnt. it was rend; 
but, as I said, tho vote which gave *was not 
Q"binst this proposition. 
It was simply an ex- 
pression of a prcfereucc of thc resolution for 
which this was *noved as a substitute. 
Thc Senator from Georgia [Mr. IVERSON] asked 
me yesterday to give way to him for a moment, 
and I possibly ought to have (lonc so. I did not. 
I will do him ample justice. 
IVERSON. Will Senator give way 
for a moment now? 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 wili (10 that which you 
yourself would do. 
Mr. IVERSON. I want to make one additional 
explanation. 
Mr. WIGFALL. In then. Mr. 
IVERSON said: 
" r barely wish to say. sir. by way of putting mysolt• 
•rectus in curia, that i? the propb.sition ot• the Senator frozn 
Mississippi, [Mr. BROWN,) was introduced as a separate 
and distinct proposition, and not as a substitute for the fifth 
resolution, I would support it." 
Mr. CLAY said: 
" I simply '.vi9h to say that the -remarks of the Senator 
from Georgia, who has just takcn his seat, explain fully Iny 
vote." 
There was then some further discussion, and 
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. BROWN] of- 
fercd to make it a distinct proposition. Thcre 
wus- some objection to that. 
Ho withdrew his 
motion, and a vote was taken upon it as a substi- 
tute for a resolution in a series of resolutions in- 
troduccd by the other Senator from Mississippi. 
M k'. MASON said: 
L shali vote against. the a:ncndmcnt of the honorablc 
Senator frotn although concur, as 
understand it, eniirclY' in its provisions, so far as it intends 
to a right or a dtity• or a principle. 
I arn of 
opinion, svhenever. a case. arises in one of the "I'crritorfes 
where any slave property, or any other property there, is 
not. by tuc law of'th(i 'i'erritory, that it is the duty 
of Conure„.s•. by proper le"islation, whatever it may be, to 
provide udoquato protection. 
'I'llis a assumes, 
I understand it, that there is now an existing casé in 
one or Inore of the 'I'erritm•ies where property—slave prop. 
erty. of' course—is without protection ; and it asserts a 
duty for Congress, and a purpose for Congress, to provide 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 12, 
it. NOW, sir; 1 am uninformed about the facts." 
I-do not know whether there is a single slave 
to be found in tl'iat 'Perritory ; but he. it so or not, if •ve are 
to legislate on thc subject, we tnust have the fact before 
us. Sve must have a bill to enable us to carry it into effect ; 
and if I find, in that Territory or any other, that there is a 
case arising fot the intervention of Congress, 
1 hold the 
way perfectly clear; and if it is not done, shall say to 
rny people, VVe have been deprived of a constitutional 
right but it must appear. For these reasons, f shall vote 
aaainst the amendment." 
Other Senators spoke upon the suhject, and all 
gave precisely-the samo reasons. I will state that 
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. POWELL] gave 
the same reasons. Other Senators on this side 
gave the same reasons. Then with what fairness 
is it charged, when we voted for propositions 
which distinctly declared that it was the duty of 
this Federal Government to afford protection to 
slave property wherever it was within its juris- 
diction, and when amendments were brought in 
—l do no.t say that it is my belief now, but I will 
say that at the time the impression was upon my 
mind, 
that these amendrncnts were offered at 
least to embarrass us and avoid a direct. vote upon 
the subject and a diestinct declaration of*princlple 
—when, under these circumstances, we choose 
not to commit ourselves to questions of fact as to 
whether there was necessity at that time for legis- 
lating—not as to Kansas, for the resolutions of 
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. BROWN] did 
not namo Kansas—when we crave as a reason 
that we did not know it to be a fact or not to be 
a fact, and refused simply to vote upon a naked 
question of fact, with what fairness, I ask, can 
we be charged with having been, to use the ex- 
pression of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. DOUG- 
' recreant" in our duties to the constituen- 
cies w horn we represented ? 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to 
make one remark ? 
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly. 
Mr. GREEN. It is simply this: hc is pre- 
ciscly correct on all the points has stated; but 
there are other facts of which he is not informed. 
Up to the present hour havc not legal inform- 
atton of tbc action of Kansas on that question. 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 thank the Senator. 
NIr. GREEN. in Ncbraska there is no neces- 
sit y; in (J lull there is no necessity; in New Mex- 
ico thcre is no necessity; in Kansas there is a rc- 
I sent to tho State Departtnent. yesterday, 
and the inforrnation is not yet legally received 
w l')ether there is a leæai necessity 0k' not. 
Mr. At the the sen- 
ator from Kentucky, (Mr. POWELL,] I will read 
his remarks upon that subject: 
Mr. POWELL. Before this vote is taken, desire to 
say that, t.he reasons assigned by the Senator frotu Mis- 
sissippi, [Mr. DAVIS',] t.hc Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.. 
BENJAMIN,] and tbc Senator from 'I'exas, [Mr. WIGFALL,] 
I shali vote against the amendment of the. Senator fronj 
Mississippi (Mr. DROWN]- to the resolution of the Senator 
frotn North Carolina, [Mr. CLINGMAN,J as an anwnd- 
Inent. to the resolutions under consideration, and against 
that. resolution itself'. 
'I'he resolutions of the Senator from 
[Mr. I) A vrs] assert great political principles. 
'I'he tunendinent proposed by the Senator from North C,'ar- 
olina asserts a fact about which he and the Senator fron) 
hlississippi [Mr. differ. I will state, furthermore, 
that, whenevcr ft shall be inade known, 
by experience or 
othcrwise, that further legislation is necessary to protect 
either persons or property in the 'l'erritorics ot• the Union, 
I am readv to vote (Or it." 
So much then, sir, for this bill of indictment 
which was found against me yesterday, and upon 
which I was put, upon in y trial. I deemed it neces- 
sary to say thus much, because the charge wag 
confidently made by the Senator, and because it 
was positlvcly denied by me. When he comes to " glorious Union' 
reply, if he shall deem it necessary to make any, I 
I trust that he will do justice. 
I trust that he 
mav bc able to do justice to himself. 
N.Iy objection to tbc course wc arc now pur- i 
suino•, is simply that these discussions au-jount [o 
nothing. 
We cannot save thc Ullion. The Sena- manner in which you are treated when voti talk 
If amendments to the Constitution, securing to 
us everything that we could ask, were -ratified by 
athe fifteen slÅveboldiDff States and ten non-s!ave- 
holdino• States, they would be in the Constitution 
and a part ot the compact, but if eight non-s!ave- 
holdino• States were to vote aryainst, those ratifica- 
tions, as they could, and yet. the ratifications bc 
made a part of the Constitution, we sec at once 
that herc would be amendments to the Constitu- 
tion dis-tasteful to eight of the 
States, and which they probably would disregard , 
as they have disregarded the present Constitu- 
tion. Suppose that amendments were proposed 
by us, and the fifteen slaveholding States were to 
ratify them; suppose that ten non-slaveholdine 
States were to ratify them; suppose that New 
York and Pennsylvania and Ohio and Illinois and 
Indiana and Iowa and other border States were 
to refuse the ratification: of what practical use 
would they be to us? None. 
-What is the use of our discussing on this side 
of the Chamber what we would be satisficd With, 
when nothing has been offered us, and when we 
do not believe that we will be permitted to retain 
even that which we now have? If the two Sen- 
ators from New York, the Senator from Ohio, 
[Mr. WADE,] the two Senators from Illinois, the 
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. HALE,] the 
Senators from Maine, and others, who are re- 
garded as representative men, who have dcnied 
that, by the Constitution of the United States, 
slaves are recognized as property; who have 
urged and advocated those acts which we regard 
as on the part of the people—if they 
will rise here and say in their places, that they 
desire to propose amendments to tl')C Constitution 
and beg that wc will vote for them; that they will, 
in good faith, go to their respective constituencies 
and urge the ratification; that thcy believe, if these 
Gulf States will suspend their action, that those 
amendments will be ratified and carried out in 
good faith ; 
that they will cease preacbil')g• this 
irrepressible conflict," and if, in those amend- 
inents, it is declared that slaves arc property, that 
I they shall .be delivered up upon demand; and if 
they will assure us that Abolition societies shall be 
abolished; that Abolition presses shall be sup- 
pressed; that Abolition soccches shall no longer 
be made; that we shall have peace and quiet; that 
we shall not bo called cut-throats and pirates and 
rnurderers; that our wotY2en shall not be slan- 
things sa:d in good faith, the 
S&nators begging that ',vc will stay our hahd until 
an •bonest cfFort can be Inade, I believc that there 
is &prospect of giving them a fair consideration. 
[Laughter on the Republican side.] 
Senators laugh in my face. 
I beg that my 
fricnd from Kentucky, [Mr. POWELL,] and othcr 
Union-savers upon this floor, will look and see 
the derision, the contempt, that is expressed in 
every Senator's face on the. other side when I 
make these propositions. 
I trust that they will 
understand. Fas est ab hoste doce.ri—learn oven 
from your enemies some wisdom. Waste not 
your time in idle prattle. Get not into disputes, 
Senators from thc South, with each other as to 
what you will be satisfied with and what you will 
take. I tell you, as [ have told the people whom 
I represent, long and long ago, you will not be 
permitted te keep that which you have. You 
are regarded as poltroons; and they talk of force, 
of coercion, of holding this glorious blood-bourrht 
Union, as they regard it, together with hemp. 
And yet you petition and bog and ask that this 
may be contil'lucd, in order 
that you may be taxed, and that the hard earn- 
ings of those men whom you represent shall be 
taken from their pockets in order to build up 
northern wealth and property, to clear out their 
harbors and construct their roads. This is tho 
tors on thc other side, and thc Senator from Illi- 
nois can, possibly. I do not know that they can. 
If they cannot, it cannot be saved. We cannot 
r I'hc people of the South—I speak of the 
people of the difl•örent slaveholding States, and 
especially those upon the Gulf, commonly called 
are dissatisfied with the present 
the cotton States— 
Government, as it is about to be administered by 
the President• elect. There is nothing that can 
satisfy thetn except amendmcnls to the Constitu- 
tion, and those amendments must be made by the i 
northern States unanimously, or they will not be 
satisfied; and I say here, that they should not be. 
aboutcompromise. Ikncw •tvhat tbc result, would 
be. 
I say to the Senators on the othcr side. that 
you will have to abolish your Abolition societies, 
if you expect to live long in our corn pan y. 
Now, Mr. President, there is no principle of 
international law better settled that that cvery 
State is responsible for the conduct of its citizens. 
I recollect when James Monroe was Presidevttof 
these United States, and John Quincy Adanus, a 
citizen of the •State of Massachusetts, was Sec- 
rotary of State, and' John Forsyth, o'f Georgia, 
was minister to Spain, and. Andrew Jackson was 
commander-in-chief of our forces upon the Flor- 
