1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
79 
ida fpontiers, that he crossed that border; he took 
thc fort on the Suwanee; he took Pensacola, 
and he established a governrnent. Spain com- 
p.ained, and demanded "bhat the territory should 
be returned and apologics be madc. Mr. John 
Quincy Adams, as Secretary of State, wrote to 
John Forsyth to say to his most Catholic Majesty 
that this Government did not compound cither 
.with perfidy or impotence;" that the Spanish 
Government. had not kept a suffcient forcc in that 
territory to rcstrain then• Indians, and that Gen- 
cral Jackson had taken it because it seemed to be 
a waif; that if his most Catholic Majesty would 
send a sufficient force there to restrain those liv- 
ingA1pon the border, then this Government would 
return it; but it had no apology to make for doing 
.that which it had a right to do; and that unless a 
sufficient fbrce was sent to Florida to keep thepeace 
upon the border, and to prevent our citizens from 
being annoyed, they should hold it. 
I-le told 
John Forsyth to explain to the Government of 
Spain that they cither had the power to restrain 
their Indians, or they had not; that one horn of 
the dilemma they had to take; that if they had 
the power and would not use it, we would not, 
and • could not, compound with perfidy; if they 
had not the povv•cr, that we could not and would 
•not compound with impotence. 
Thus I say to the different States, as t.he repre- 
sentative of my State, that within your borders 
there are presses and therc are public speakers, 
and unless the newspapers have given a false 
account of the fact, your President electa few 
months, or possibly weeks, before his nomina- 
tion was a hired Abolition lecturer, delivering, at 
$100 a lecture, lectures throughout. the country, 
exciting the people against us. -we say to those 
States that you shall not—that is the word I 
choose to use, and I reflect tho feeling and de- 
termination of the people I represent when I use 
it—you shall not permit men to go there and ex- 
cite your citizens to make John Brown raids or 
bring fire and strychnine within tho limits of the 
State to which I owe my allegiance. You shall 
not publish newspapers and pamphlets to excite 
our slaves to insurrection. You shall not publish 
ncwspapcrs and pamphlets to excite the non- 
slaveholdcrs ao•ainst the slaveholders or the slavc- 
holdcrs ao•ainst thc non-slaveholdcrs. W c will 
hive pcacc; and if you do not offer it to us, we 
will quietly, and as we have the right under the 
constitutional compact to do, withdraw from the 
Union aid cstablish a government for ourselves; 
and if you then persist in your arcrressions, we 
will leave it to the ultima ratio retyum, and the 
sovereign States will settle that question 
VVhere the battle's wreck lies thickest 
And death's brief pang is quickest." 
And when you laugh at these impotent threats, 
as you regard thern, I tell you that cotton is 
king! [Loud applau.se in the galleries. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. in 
the chair.) Order! Order must be preserved in 
the Senate Chamber, or directions will be given 
to the Sergeant-at-Arms to clear it at once. 
MI'. HALE. Mr. President— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER Order! 
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. 
That threat has been made once, twice, thrice 
thissession ; was made yesterday; and it has never 
bcen enforced; and if it is ever to be enforced, 
now is the time. 
Mr. Mr. President, we have the 
privilege of discussing matters here of great pub- 
lic importance; and I propose, if there is another 
exhibition of feeling in the galleries, either of as- 
sent or dissent, that those galleries- be cleared; 
-and onco being cleare(l, the doors bc locked, and 
that we be permitted to discuss matters here with- 
I trust. that the Senate will act 
out interruption. 
upon this and that tho galleries will 
be informed of it. These constant interruptions 
are a monstrous outrage upon the dignity of this 
body, and I will add, decency. 
that cotton was king; and I 
I was sayin«, sir, 
sav that that monarch 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
peals to all Senators and all persons within the 
Chamber to intermit entirely durincr 
Mr. GWIN. IC the Senator will givc way, I 
will Inovc that the Senate procccd to the consid- 
cration of executive business. 
Several *NATORS. Why ? 
Mr. G WIN. That will clear the gallery. 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, .1 think there is 
rather too much fee}ing exhibited about a harm- 
less thouch improper demonstration. 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 trust the Senator from 
California will •not interrupt me with executive 
business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs 
ator from 'l'exas yield to the Senator from Mis- 
sissippi ? 
Mr. DAVIS. I was merely going to 'ay that 
I hope the Senator will be permitted to proceed. 
I think wc are attaching rather too much import- 
ance to the momentary expression of feeling in 
the galleries. i take it for granted that those who 
were warned yesterday did not repeat the offense 
to-day. It is a new set. W c shall get them all 
instructed, after a while, that their privilege as 
auditors can only bc enjoyed on the condition of 
decorous silence. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Texas will proceed. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Then, sir, for the third or 
fourth time—and I trust that may be permitted 
to go on—I say that cotton is king, and that hc 
waves his sccptcr not only over these thirty-three 
States, but over the Island of Great Britain and 
over continental Europe, and that there is no 
crowned head upon that island, or upon the con- 
tinent, that does not bend the knce In fi2alty and 
acknowledge allegiance .to that monarch. There 
are five million people in Great Britain who live 
upon cotton. You may makea shortcrop of grain, 
and it will never affect them; but you rnay c.ram 
their granaries to bursting, you may cram them 
until ihe corn actually is lifting the shingles from 
•the roofs of their barns, and exhaust the supply 
of qotton for one week and alt England is starv- 
Incr•, and we know what men do when suffering 
trom famine. They do not burstopcn bams and 
In their frenzy, they burn and 
divide the corn. 
destroy. shall never again make less than 
fivc million bales. 
I know that Senators on the 
" this glorious 
other Hide suppose that whcn 
Union" is disrupted, it will be in blood, and that 
our neo•roes will rise in insurrection. We undcr- 
stand it well enough to make the experiment, and 
I say to Senators upon that side that next yoat• 
they will sec the negroes working as quietly and 
as contentedly as their masters q.vere not Icav- 
ing that country for a foreign land, as they did a 
few vearsacro when they were called upon to visit 
tho Republic of Mexico. W c understand that 
I question. Five million bales of cotton, each bale 
worth fifty dollars at least—fifty-four dollars was 
the average pricc of cotton last year—give us an 
export of $250,000,000 per annurn, counting not 
rice, or tobacco, or any other article of produce. 
Two hundred and fifty million exports will •bring 
into our own borders—not through Boston and 
New York and Philadelphia, but tlirough our own 
imports ; and forty per cent. 
upon that puts into our Treasury $100,000,000. 
Twenty per cent. givcs us $50,000,000. What 
tariff we shall adopt, as a war tariff, I expect to 
discuss in a few months, and in another Chamber. 
You suppose that numbers the 
strength of govcu•nments in this day. I tell you 
that it is not blood; it is the military chest; it is 
the almighty dollar. When you have lost your 
market; when your operatives are turned out; 
when your capitalists are broken, will you go to 
direct taxation? When you cease to have cx- 
ports, wili you have imports? Burn down a fac- 
tory that yields ten, fifteen, twenty, twenty-five 
thousand dollars a year to its owner, and he goes 
to the wall. Dismiss the operatives, stop the 
motion of his machincry, and he is as thoroughly 
broken as if his factory were burnt; for the time 
he is bankrupt. r Ehese are matters for your con- 
sideration. .1 know that you do not regard us as 
I would save this Union if I could; i 
desire the Union. to be saved. have ÆElw4ys 
been a Union man; I now a Union man—not 
from any silly notion that it is of divine origin; 
not from any absurd idca that blood 'was ever 
shed for it; not becausé -suppose. it is an 
heritance from our fathers, for it is neither onc 
nor the other.' This Union is a compact be- 
tween States, and may, •With the same propriety, 
be •'regarded as an inheritance as you would 
gard a treaty between Great Britain and France, 
or either of those countries and this. isatreaiy 
between States by which they agreed," for: then• 
common defense and general -welfare Änd to -se- 
cure domestic peace and tranquillity, to organize 
a Government, and vest in it .certain powers. 
They made a wise power. They 
vested in the Federal Government such powers as 
were necessary to obtain those objects v„'hich M,'ere 
set forth in the preamble to the Constitution. 
They reserved to their State governments such 
powers as were necessary to protect the liberty 
and well-being and happiness of the citizen at 
home. 
This is the Union; and when the distinguished 
Senator from New York said that there was an 
irrepressible conflict, I simply came to the cona 
clusion—and I say it with all deference to his dis- 
tinguished reputation and high position—that he 
did not know what he was talking about. Why, 
sir, States that are monarchical in their form of 
government, States that are republican, States 
that are democratic, States that are aristocratic, 
States that are slaveholding, States that are non- 
slaveholding, States that are am•icultural, Statos 
that are commercial, States th.at are manufact.ur- 
incr, can all live under precisely such a constitu- 
tion as thc old thirteen States ratified and made 
binding betv„'een thern•, and there is no irrepres- 
Sible conflict about it. The very diversity of in- 
terest in these different States is the reason for 
forming thc Constitution. If wc had been a homo- 
gencous people, if our industrial pursuits and. in- 
tcrcsts had been identical, there wou\d have been 
no necessity for a Union, no ncccssity for-consoli- 
dating thc Union; but there would . havc been a 
necessity for destroying the old Articles of the 
Confederation, ol)litcrating State lines, abolishing 
State governments, destroying the Union, and bc- 
coming a single consolidated people. Why? -Bc- 
cause., under those circumstances, the interests, 
the prejudices, and the passions of all sections 
being thessame, the ballot-box would have given 
ample security to domestic peace and tranquillity 
and prosperity. Laws passcd by the Legislature 
fresh from the people, operating equally in all sec- 
tions, and the interests of all sections being the 
sarne, would necessarily have bccn wise and bene- 
ficial, or those representatives would have been 
turned out at the next election, and the laws have 
been repealed. But it is not so here.• Your irre- 
pressible conflict idea is predicated upon the sup- 
pokition that this is a consolidated Government; 
that there arc no States; that there is a national 
Government, as they call it; that the people who 
live between the two oceans and between the Gülf 
and the lakes are one people; that the boundaries 
of Massachusetts have, by some hocus pocus, 
been extending themselves until they embrace all 
the remainder of the Union; and that we are one 
people, have a national Government, and arc under 
the control of " the Massachusetts school of poli- 
tics, " as the Senator from New York said he •wras. 
If you could have seen 
This is the fatal error. 
it in time, much of this diffculty would have been 
in earnest. 
but it is my deliberate impression that it cannot I i 
have been studying the char- 
nox,v be done. 
acter of the people that you represent for ycars 
'I'he family of Dives was the most prolific ! 
past. 
family that ever breathed or lived upon this earth. 
Those five brothers would not believe either 
Moses or the prophets; and if onc rose from the 
avoided. 'SVe sce and we know and we fecl that 
you are administering this Government upon the 
idea that there is but one single State or nation, 
and that you, nndor these impressions, believe 
that you are responsible for the domestic institu- 
tions of all the other States. 
I was glad to hear the other day thc eonserv- 
•ativc, sensible, statesmanlike tone in which the 
Senator from Connecticut [Mr. DIXON] spoke. 
When I heard him, his voice and his sentiment 
carried mc back to the better days of the Repub- 
lic, when those truly great men, Oliver Ellsworth 
and Roger Sherman, and that other great man 
from New Jersey, William Paterson, and Charles 
Pinckney and John Rutledge of South Carolina, 
coöperatcd with cach other to form the present 
dead, we arc told that they would not believe him. 
They were prolific, and theirdpsco.ndants have set- beautiful, well-balanced Federal Republic out of 
tEcd in t.he country in whith you live. [Laugl-iter.] the of the old rickety concerl'i of the Confed- 
cration; when the cotnmon sense of Ellsworth and 
That is your business, however; not minc. Now, 
Sherman and Paterson and' Rutledge and Pinck- 
the question is, can the Union be saved ? 
