THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 12, 
noy controlled the gcnius of Hamilton and Mad- 
isoti.and Randolph; and to South Carolina and 
to Connecticut do sve owe thanks for the present 
from of government which is now about to bo do- 
stroycd. They were the men thatdid it. They were 
the men who saw that it was utterly impossible to 
live under a consoiidated nåtional Government, 
and established, instead thereof, a Federal repub- 
lican Government; gave to the General Govern- 
ment such'- powers as were necessary to protect 
them against foreign aggression, and reserved to 
the States ali those powers which were necessary 
for -legistation for their own people. 
I said before that I was a Union man, and I 
say now that I am a Union man.- I say that there 
is not and cannot. be under this present, form of 
government any irrepressible conflict; that those 
States which are slaveholdine have a right to be 
those that are non-slaveliolding have a right 
to be so; and if it were not for the single word 
. in the guarantee clause of the Constitution which 
secures to each State 's a republican form of Gov- 
ernmertt, " there would bc no reason under heaven 
why some of' States might not be aristocratic 
and others monarchical, if they saw fit. 
They 
would 
have free trade with cach other. When 
one of them was interföred with or imposed upon, 
that State would at once call into tho field the 
Army of' thirty-three States; that State would at 
once cull from our ports.and put afloat the Navy 
of thirty-three States; that State would Ihave the 
Treasury of thirty-three States, and in negotiat- 
ing •willi fbre-iffn countries she would have the 
wisdom and the genius o? thirty-three States to 
conduct her forcicrn relations and her forcio•n 
dil)101nacy. 
'I'his is the groat advantage of the Union; but 
if you sul')pose that we arc to be amused with 
clap-trap of 4th of July froth and the idea that 
thcrc is anything of sacredness in a compact bc- 
tween nations, or 
that nations inherit right.s, 
1 
silnpiy say that lho.se, whom I live 
passeil that point. SD devoted a friond of the 
ion a.ln l, 
(hal when (as I know it must be, 
cause I see no to save or to prevent it) 
the eight cotton States have withdrawn from Ibis 
Union, as they will in the next two months do, 
arid meet in convention tn adopt a Federal forin 
of government for themselves, and to establish a 
foreign department, for one shali advocate the 
adoption, wit.hout crossing a t or dottin«r an i, of 
bought in Kentucky and in Missouri and in Ten- 
nessee; and they may leave you. in the cold and 
comc to us; and when they do, they •will under- 
stand the blessincs of this Union from havilV 
lived out of it a few months, and they will be 
prepared to carry out in-good faith the compact 
which they entered into with us. 
Now, those who talk about a dissolution of the 
Union as being one of those things that will show 
that man isincapable of self-government, or about 
our being split up into petty factions, and States 
seceding, and stars flying from their orbits, have 
not considered this thing as statesmen. This 
Government was once nearly wrecked. on that 
idea. -When the agrarian, higher-law doctrine 
of Massachusetts rebelled against the authorities 
of that Slate in 1786, and Shay's rebellion broke 
out, and the, people of that State who paid no 
taxes said that they had fi)ught for seven years 
to keep property from Ijeing confiscated, and now 
that peace was established they had a right to an 
equal division; when they took up arms, and that 
aqrrarian and higher-law feeling was snreading 
throughout the New England States, Hamilton 
and Madison and Randolph and other conserva- 
tive men mistook thc feeling that was local, as 
you say slavery is, and supposed that the re- 
maindcr of the colonies felt as those people did; 
and hence they wcre for a firm, strong, Elational 
Government to keep the people free by the force 
of arms. That was their unphilosophical idea; 
but, as I sai.d before, Ellsworth, Sherman, and 
Pinckney, and Rutledge, and Palcrson controlled 
them, and established this beautiful Federal form 
that we have been struggling to preserve. 
Then, whatever may come out of this, it is 
clear to my ruind that, instead o? this being a 
demonstration that the people arc incapable of 
sel(ügovcrnment, it will be a demonstration that 
thc people arc capable of self-govennnent„ 
that these Slates, which came int.o the Union one 
after ano.ther, and ratified the and 
liladc it binding between th and thc: other 
. States that ratified it, will, one after t hc other, 
revoke the ratification, and first vest cach 
in its 
own Statc oovcrnmcnt all tbc po wers she 
no M' exercises through this Idederal department of 
hcr Goveri')mcnt.•, and, after 
a sufiicient nun'lbce• 
have withdrawn, they will adopt ao•ain this Con- 
stituti01'), and State after State will come in; and 
I he would amend the Constitution or not. He 
wants us to act by bill. He wishes us to indulge 
here in the child's play of introducing bills 1,1pon 
this question, spending • weeks and months in 
discussion, while these States, onc after another, 
are walkil'}g out of the Union, and establishing 
their relations with each other, and with foreio•n 
i say, that so far as the State I repre- 
Powers. 
sent is concerned, this is the principle upon which 
we went into the last canvass—the second reso- 
lution of the Democratic platform, adopted at 
Charleston and at Baltimore: 
'I'hat it is the duty of the Federal Government, in all 
its departments, to protect, when necessarv, the rights of 
persons and property in the Territories, and whercver clse 
its constitutional authority extends." 
Now, I am not goino to discuss the right or the 
wrong of this resolution. 
It is enough for me to 
know that the people of the Slate in which I live, 
ratified that principle by a vote of forty-seven 
thousand in the last canvass to fifteen thousand 
a«yainst it; and if that majority is not enough to 
. take the State out of the Union, thcn I should 
like to know what majority is. The question was 
canvassed; the right of the State to secede was 
discussed; thc w' hole matter of resistance was 
argued; and the distinct issue was there made that 
the elect.ion ofa Black Republican President would 
i bc an overt act—an indication on the part, of the 
northern people that they ill tended to administer 
this Government, 
not according to the Constitu- 
tion, but according to the fanatical notions which 
arc embodied in t.hcir platforms of 1856 and 1860. 
Upon this doctrine we went to tbc polls, and we 
werc indorsed by forty-seven thousand men who 
are capable of bcarino a Fins. 
It has been attempted to be explained, t 
this is very unreasonable. 
Suppose it is. You 
have got to deal with our fony•, and I say to you 
that you have got to yield to our foolish determ- 
Ination of having that principle recoonizcd in the 
Constitution of the United States, ar that Slate 
certainly goes out of this Union. What, sir, arc 
we to live Wilh a ban upon us? Are we to be 
tabbooed; are we to have the mark of Cain upon 
our brow without the protection which it gave to 
him? Arc we to bc told thal we are not your 
that the property M/ hicl) we ho!d is not 
property; and that when-ever this Governtllcnt, 
which wo ruzed, 
it' il were not. for meniorins-of past, and' for only not protect, out' but will coli Alsc.ate 
this same o_ld glorious Constitution th,at was rat- 
patriotic santiknents w'hich I have hc•ard scnne ir,•, and should be freenk011 if subrn;tt.od ? 
ified by thirteen States; and when Virginia II persons who live in New England, I would regard 
Then another proposition which I would yuakc, 
and Tennessee and Maryland and Kentucky and 
It as the greatest blessing that had ever befallen 
if you were seriously disposed to consider it, 
the other border States see what we have done, 
the human family, that they could be lcft to live 
would be, that you should cease to discuss the 
and know that the Slatcs who propose confeder- 
upon «u•anite and ice. 
[ do not know whether it. question, aud bc content that you are in a belter 
ation to thmn will keep their treaty compacts, I would have any effect upon thenr, 
but it is said 
have no doubt that one after the other of them that hunger Will tame a wolf. 
I do not know 
will coine into our Union, and many days or 
whether it would have any effect -on them; but 
months wili not pass before this beautiful fabric 
this I do know, that then they would have to con- 
will again be ti'le scene of our 
discussions, in tent themselves with manaffing their own affairs; 
which we will consider not only those mattct•s 
and if they permitted their people further to inter- 
which appertain to us In our domestic affairs, but fcrc with us, the sword would settle the contest, 
ot.u• fhrci«rn relations with you, and it nxay be, if i and the next treaty which was sig•ncd would be 
wur can be avoided, which you desirc not to avoid, I 
in .l.öaneuil Hall, in the town of Boston, and in 
for you are than that, we naay herc corn: a the State of' Massachusetts-—there in that place 
treaty with you. 
which has been called the cradle of liberty, and 
You know full v.rell that if this Union is dis- 
has proved to be the. grave of tbc Constitution. 
solved, and these. southern States go off, and your We understand our own business, we understand 
commerce is cut up, and your merchant princes " our own affairs, we understand our relations to 
arc,i.yankrupt and go to protest, and your manu- 
thesc•other States, and we intend to prqvide while 
factories are stoppcd, and your operatives are we have t.ime for our own security; but that man i 
tt.u•ncd out, and your ships, deprived of the navi- slanders us who says that we are disunionists; 
gating laws, are laid up to rot, and your sailors 
that man slanders us who says that we are dis- 
turncd loose to starve—you know that when these satisfied with the form of government under which 
things occur, your heads will not be safe upon 
we live; that man slanders us wlio says that we 
your shoulders. But if, 
in the mean time, you 
are now, or have at any other time been, impelled 
can bring the power of thc Federal Government 
to the course of action which we are taking by 
to coercion, and bcfore the 'I'reasury is drained any feeling except the most serious apprehension 
that our safety demands it. 
of its last dollar, yoa can make soldiers out of your 
operatives and your sailors, you expect thon, 
The Sonat.or from Illinois [Mr. DOUGLAS] yes- 
amid the heat of the contest, the confusion of E terday, when we asked for bread, offered us a 
ideas, as well as everything else, that you can 
stone. When we asked for a fish, he gave us a 
conceal the facts, and denounce us for the calam- 
serpent. When we asked for additional guaran- 
situation than we arc. 
hank God that you 
are not like us, poor publicans; but do not bc 
thrusting your blessings all the time in our faces. 
Restrain your own citizens, and keep, them from 
making raids. In the State in which I live, and 
to which i owe my allegiance, and of which am 
a citizen, during the last summer there were four 
towns that I know of, county sites, burnod srnooth 
to the ground. 'ltherc were fourteen other places, 
as I have scen advertised in the newspapors, and 
have every reason to believe—fourteen other set- 
t.lcmcnts or towns, not country sites—that 
burned down. Strychnine was brought and given 
to our necrroes, for the purpose of poisoning their 
masters. An association called T hc Mystic 
Red was entered into by members of the Meth- 
Odist Church North and the John-Brown . rnen; 
and their purpose was to carry out the irrepressi- 
blc conflict, to burn our towns, burn up the stores 
of our merchants, burn up the mills, to bring free- 
soil northern capital in, and thus get possession of 
Texas, and make it a free State, in order, as they 
said, to belt us round with free States, to starve 
us out or cause us, (as has been said by one whose 
language I seldom quote,) likc poisoned rats, to 
dic in our holes. 
I returned home, sir, after the fatigues of the 
last session; I went there for peace and for quiet 
ities that arc on this people; and you expect not to tees, he got up here to explain to us that we had and consultation with my neighbors; and from 
lead, but to send thetn to battle. I understand your notlling to complain of; that nineteen twer)ticths the day I reached my home untii left—bc- 
gatneaswell as you do. rnay, in thisgeneral of the negroes who run away from any of the tsv.ecn six weeks and two months— 
there was a 
areawement, be conservative States of theNorth border States are returned; that we, down on II guard of twerny-four men every night in a small 
and coal are about to bc dug in the mountains of I that docs not concern us; and that evcn ill • the 
i tan ts. 
I ID y-self had to shoulder my gun, and 
Tennessee and Virginia and North Carolina; Ohio border States they have nothing to cornplain of. stand guard. 
This night, I expect. there are 
and Indiana and Illinois may see that the grain, That. was his statement. He denies that tho peo- 
twenty-four men there on o uard. A nd yet v,' c 
and the Ineat, and the hcmp, and the horses, and ple of the South are dissatisfied as to his squatter are at peace with all the world. FL'his is what you 
the mules, which they now furnish to u» rnay be II sovereignty doctrine. 
He will not say whether call Union and fraternal afk)cti01'). y hy, sir, it 
