1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
75 
is the result of that Helper book indorsed by your- 
selves. It is the result of the preachings and 
the tcachiKÆ$ of the Senator from New York. It 
is the resuÜt'of the preachings and the teachings 
It is the I e 
of other Black Republican leaders. 
salt of the preachings and teachings of your fol- 
lowers or pretended followers of Christ. In your 
schools you teach your children to hate us. 
your pulpits you teach it as a religious duty. 
Upon the hustings you teach it. Your eighteen 
northern non-slaveholding States nominate two 
of the rnost fanatical of your sect as candidates 
for President and Vice President. You elect them; 
and now you tell us that they shall be inaugurated. 
Previously to the election and to the anticipated 
inawruration, you oroanized a Prætorian guard. 
In Rome, it was not until liberty had fallen that 
Augustus, their first Emperor, Inaugurated that 
military body. A few years rolled on, and the 
empire was put up by the Prætorian guard; and 
sold for money. Who is to be the Dedius Ju- 
lianus that will purchase this empire, I cannot 
'Phe Senator from New York told 'his 
John-Brown, Wide-Awake Praetorians that their 
services could not be dispensed with after the 
election; that they would be needed to secure the 
fruits of victofy. Onc half million of men uni- 
formed and drilled , and the purpose of their organ- 
izalion to sweep the country in which I live with 
fire and sword 
Mr. SEYVARD. With the honorable Sena- 
tor's permission, I beg leave to ask him to state 
the grounds of the declaration he has just made? 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 will state to the Senator. 
I do not keep scrap books myself, but I saw it 
published in the New York papers, in a speech 
Inade by the Senator. Everybody saw it. It has 
I never saw it 
been copied into many papers. 
It was a speech delivered by the Sena- 
denied. 
tor in his late presidential tour to the 
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, J. think this 
is the first timc since I have been in the Senate of 
the Ul)ited States, that .1 have ever attempted to 
corrcct a misanprchension as to myself. 
not say what Inay have been published in the 
I (ID remember 
newspapers or attributed to me. 
to have .read a letter which I received from some 
unknown person in the southern States, quoting, 
or professing to quote, from some speech of mine, 
something like this which the Senator alludes to. 
I can only say this: I cannot tclt what may have 
I have no recollection of an the speeches 
said . 
that I may have made before the election or after. 
I cannot tell WI-kat therc has been which could be 
perverted or misunderstood so as to ilnply that I 
have ever said or intimated that the Wide-Awakes 
were to be kept disciplined, and uni- 
formed, or associated at all to secure the fruits of 
this victory. I think I may say safely that I 
never could have delivered anyt.hing which could 
have borne sne,l'i a construction. 
And now I hope the Senator will excuse me 
one moment more. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly. 
Mr. SEVVARD. He is always very respect- 
ful to Imc, and I mean to be to him. hope that, 
in making this explanation, I shall not be deemcd I 
to have brought tnvself under any obligation to 
explain anything more hereafter or hcrctofore. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, of 
the Senator, of course, is all that I could ask. I 
saw him so reported, and have seen it frequently. 
Who reported it I do not know. It was pub- 
lished North and South. This Wide-Awakc as- 
sociation, L was going on to say, had I noi been 
interrupted, has itself produced an immense deal 
of excitement and bitter feeling-r. Whether thc 
Senator from New York said what has been as- 
cribed to him or not, would not be a matter of 
any moment further than ho is concerned. That 
hc did not say it, I am now, of course, convinced. 
I would not misrepresent hinn. But that this pre- 
topian band is organized; that its members do 
undergo military drill; that it is a military organ- 
did this last summer, and heard their regular mil- 
ittu•y trtunp, does or can doubt. 
The States have held their 
convention ; they have nominated their candidates; 
they have Olcctcd them. Now I ask Rla•ck Re- 
publican Senators if the fifteen slaveholding States 
had held a convei)t.ion callinff it national , had norn- 
inated a slaveholder for Piesident and a slave-' 
holder for Vice President, and had adopted a plat- 
form which, in the non-slavcholding States, was 
regarded as so hostile and antagonist.ic to their 
interests that they could not have an electoral 
ticket in onc of their States; if tho slaveholding 
• - i States had carried on a war of denunciation and 
for a series of years, and had adopted 
principles so offensive and so dangcrous to the 
non-slaveholding States that one of their nomi- 
nated candidates could not, with safety, have 
traveled through one of the, non-slaveholding 
States—if this had been the case, and mrve had 
elected such a man, would you have said that there 
was any obligation upon you to regard the com- 
pact as kept, and look to the hollow forms of clec- 
tions? Would you not have said: We have 
lost our autonomy, our right of self-government; 
a foreign government has been established over 
us; these slaveholders having a numerical major- 
ity; have nominated two of their own order for 
President and Vice President; they will havc 
their Cabinet composed of such men; the foreign 
diplomacy will bc managed by such men. " Would 
not that be your exclamalion, and would it not 
be founded reason ? 
Then I say the non-slavcholding States have 
nominated and elected their candidate. Tell mc 
not that we have got thc legislative department of 
this Government, for I say we have not. As to 
this body, where do we stand? Why, sit', there 
are now eighteen non-slaveholding States. 
few weeks we shall havc the nineteenth, for Kan- 
sas will be brought in. Then the arithmetic which 
settles our position is simple and easy. Thirty- 
eight northern Senators you will have upon this 
floor. We shall have thirty to your thirty-eight. 
After the 4th of March, the Senator from Cali- 
fornia, [Mr. LATHAM,] the Senator from Indiana, 
[Mr. BRIGHT,] the Senator from New Jersey, 
[Mr. THOMSON,] ancl the Senator from Minnesota 
[N.Ir. RICE] will be here. That reduces the north- 
ern phalanx to thirty-four. 
Mr. BINGHAM. DOUGLAS. 
Mr. WIGFALL. What? 
Mr. BINGHAIV.I. DouGLA5. 
Mr. W [G FALL. Non tali nec defensori- 
bus isti$, tempus eget. [Laughter.) There are four 
of the northern Senators upon whom we can rely, 
whorn wo know to bc friends, wl-nom we havc 
trastcd in our days of trial heretofore, and in whom, 
as Constitution-lovin€r we will trust. 
we stand thirty-four to th irty-four, and your Black 
Republican Vice President to give the castinc 
vote. Mr. Lincoln can pnake his own nomina- 
tions with perfect security that thcy will be con- 
firmed by this body, even if' c very slaveholding 
State should remaili in tho Union, whicli, thank 
God, they will not do. You have elected your 
President, and you can inaugurate him; and 
will have neither lot nor parcel in this matter. 
I am thus recapitulating the necessity for our 
action to snow that we are not acting upon im- 
pulse. Senators, some of thern, have spokcn of 
I tell you lhc ex- 
the excitement of the South. 
citement has passed. off, the fever has subsided, 
and the patient has collapscd. So far as thic 
Union is concerned, the cold sweat of death is 
upon it. Your Union is now dead; your Gov- 
crrnnellt is now dead. It is to-day but in 
state, surrounded, it is true, by pomp and cere- 
mony. They ate, Senators, but the mournful 
ceremomes, poinps, and pageants which are scen 
around the n•ighty dead. The spirit has de- 
parted, and it has gonc back to those who g;.tve 
It—the sovereign States of this Union. Thcrc is 
now in the Gulf States no excitement. 'l'hcre is 
a fixed, determined will that they will be free; and 
men '•,vho corno here and talk about wishing to 
preserve this Union by way of avoiding Vihat 
they call precipitate action, toil us that wc are to 
be hung if we dare be frcc. The ScnatQ1' from 
Illinois has declared—t do not know whether hc 
said it; the Senator from New Y(frk has been 
misrepresented, and he may have been; but it 
was publishcd in his celebrated Norfolk speech 
the President of the 
that he was going to hang 
Opposition party if that President should beat 
h inl and not administer thc Governrnent accord- 
incr to his notions. Well, this was hardly a fair 
way, I think, of conducting a canvass—to hang 
Lincoln if he should be cleéted, provided he did 
not administer the Government according to tbc 
Senator's idea of propriety! It. was•rathe.r rough 
work! He was then going to hang all thc Vir- 
crinians who attcmp.tcd to act upoh his " crreat 
principle of the right of self-government.", That 
is the great principle,- I believe, of' the 
Nebraska act, that every, peoplty have a right to 
govern themselves as they see fib, saving '-and 
excepting the people of these sovereign *States. 
They alone, it seems, have nt)t that right'. 
Organic law, I have always supposed;- was 
made bv sovereignty; was t.he supreme -law of the 
land. "It goes out in the form of a constitution 
or an edict. _ An organic law seems now to- 
only such laws as we pass here for petty cor- 
porations,wto be repealed whenever We •see- fit. 
This is the Senator's idea of organic -law. Why, 
Mr. President, I am surprised—I Would say 
shocked; but I do not suppose anything could 
shock a man who has lived in this city for six 
months—nothing, certainly, of misapprehension 
as to the simplest question of the form of gov- 
ernment under which we are living. You talk 
about hanging States; about States committing 
treason; about enforcing the laws; .and doing all 
sorts of things. Sir, I hold in my 'hand the first 
volumc of the statutes of South Carolina, to which 
I shall refer, as she is to bc the immediate subiect 
for the operation to be performed Oh; tin-d -I: Gnd 
that the constitution of South Carolina was 
adopted on the 26th of March, 1776. That was 
before the Declaration of Independence. On the 
261h day of March, 1776, the inhabitants of South 
Carolina became a people; they then became 
vested with sovereignty; they then asserted their 
ricrht to self-government. They have been very 
troublesome people. The first quarrel that they 
o•ot into was on the subject of the tariff', and it hap- 
pened to bc with his sacred Majesty, George Ill, 
King of Great Britain, Ireland, and France, 
and Defender of the Faith," and they say as the 
first grievance: 
Whereas the British Parliament, claiming of late years 
a right to bind tho North American colonies by law, in all 
cases whatsoever, have Onacted statutes for raising a rev- 
enue in those colonies, and disposing of such revenue. as 
they thought proper, without the consent and against the. 
will of flic colonists ; and whereas it appearing to thc_ln 
that (they not. being represented in Parli;nncnt) such claim 
was altogether tmconstitutional, and, ij• admiLtcd, Would 
at once reduce then) frorn the rank of frccmen to a state of 
the 'nost abject slavery." 
Here, was a gcncral bill of indictment against 
thc British Government for interfering wit-h the 
rights of fill the colonics. Now, it is claimed that 
the people of South Carolina have no right to 
con)plain of any acro-res.s•iorns, except those that 
are committed upon themselves; avid their dissat- 
isfaction with your property stealing upon the 
bordcr of thesc border States is regarded as an 
impertinent interference. Let us sec what is the 
next cause for South Carolina resuming her posi- 
t ion as one of the nations of the earth. She says: 
'l'he harbor of r,ogton was blocked up ; people. ina icte.d 
for Inurder in the Massachusetts Bay may, at the will of a 
Governor, bc sent for trial to any other cokony, or even to 
the chartered constitutiou of government 
Great Britain ; 
in that eolony is inateriaUy altered." 
Ooc of tho reaso»ns which South Carolina gave 
for asstuning her position as one of the nations 
o? the card), and organizing a Government- for 
herself, was that the- Boston port bill had been 
passed, and that the people of Boston were im- 
posed upon. That was right enough. They go 
'I"he English laws and a free government, to which the 
inhabitants of Quebec. were entitled by the. King's royal 
proclarnation, arc abolished, and French laws are restorcd ; 
the Rotnan Catholic religion (although before, tolerated and 
freely exercised there) and an absolute government are es- 
tablished in that provincc, and its Iitnits c.xtendcd through 
a vast tract of country, so as to border on the free Protest- 
ant English settlelnent,s, with design of usincr a whole peo- 
pie, differing in religious principles froin the, neighboring 
colonies and subject to arbitrary power, as fit instruunents 
That wras their third cause of grievance. An- 
other was: 
'i' Largo fleets of arniies have been sent to Alncrica in 
order to enfbre„c tbc execution of these laws.' 
Another was, that 
'The Governors end others, bearing tlto. royal commis- 
Sion in the colonies, have excited dojnestic insurrections ; 
proclaimed freedom to our servants and slaves ; enticed or 
In view of the prernises, they declare: 
indispeusably necessary that some 
'I'hat it is bcconue, 
mode should be established. consent, qntl for 
the good or the, people, the origin and end of all- govern- 
The Concn•css'-' 
that is, the Congress of South Carolina— 
the Congt-ess beinT vestcd with powers competent for the 
