76 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 12, 
purpose; and having fillly deliberated touching.thc premises, 
dö -therefore resolVc." 
There you see, Senators, that the pcopl-e of 
South Carolina, as fau• back as 1775, (for this Con- 
gress on Wednesday, the 1st day of 
November, 17755) declared their independence and 
established a uovernment for themselves; not for 
wrongs that they alone were suffering, but because 
liberty was trampled upon in -the United Colonies. 
They are actincr in the same spirit now. They 
sensitively the wrongs, the inju!ies, which 
are done: to their breth'ren in t.he border States. 
.Thcy adopted an oath of allegiance that time: 
"I, A -B, do swear that I will,-to t.be utlnost of my 
power, support,.inaintain, and defend the constitution of' 
South Carolina. as. established by Congress on the '26th 
day of March, It 76." 
There they simply sworc that they would sup- 
port that constitution. 
go a step further. The 
dißicultics increased, and tbcy ascertained that 
there was no hope or prospect ofa reconciliation 
ef their difficulties with the mother country; and 
tbén they adopted " an ordinance for establishing 
an oath of abjuration and allegiance:" 
I, A l), do acknowledge the Statc of South ('arolina 
is, arid of right ouoht to bc. a free, independent, and sover- 
Cign State, and that the people thereof owc no allcgiartce 
or Qbcdience to George Ill, King of Great Britain; aud 
do renounce, refuse, and abjure, any allogiancc or obedi- 
once u) him ; and do svvear (or afl•irrn, as the case niay 
be) that. T will, to the utmost. of my power, support, main- 
tain, and detond the said State æainst the saül King George 
and his heirs and successors, and his or their abettors, 
assistants 2 and adhc.rgnt3. And do further s ',vear that I 
will bear-faith ahd true altcgiancc to the said State, 
the utmost of my power wril support, maintaiit, and defend 
thc freedo:n and independcnce thereof. 
"I'l-l&t was done at Charleston on the 13th day 
of February, 1777. Other oaths were afterwards 
prescribed of the saine sort; 
and here. is a pro- 
vision, that those who will not subscribe to that 
oath shall, at the expense of the State, be sent from 
it; and that upon their returnin«y they Shail be 
adjudged gai\ty of treason against the Slate, and 
upon suffer death as 
traitor. 
rl'hc present constitution of South Caro- 
obeying which her citizens are to be I 
hanged, contains this oath, which has been taken 
by évcry officer in that State: 
do soie«uniy swear (or atlirlll) that NViiI be faithful 
and true allegiance bear to the State of' South Carolina, so 
long as I tn;iy eotltiuue a citizen thereof; and that 1 
duly q ualified, accordint2 to the constitution this State, 
to exercise tlyc office to 'viiich I have been appoint.ed ; 
that Wii}, the best 01' my abilities, discharge the. (inties 
thereof, and preserve, protect, and detond the constitution 
of this and of the United States, so help Ine God." 
Mark the words: " I solemnly swear that I will 
be faithful and true allegiance bear to the State 
of South Carolina, so long as I may continue a 
citizen thereof." Now, Senators, you arc deal- 
incr.with a sovereien State. You talk about hang- 
ing men who obey their oaths. 
I tell you that 
in 1775, twelve months l)eforc thc Declaration 
Independence was made, that people, feeling not 
the of the British Government upon 
thenf, fur they Were a favored colony; but in the 
language of the itumortal Henry, " snuffing the 
tainted l.) reeze a fit r 
sawy that the colonial 
rights of' the peoplc of' Massachusetts had bccn 
trampled under foot. , and thcy saw that fleets and 
arnucs were sent to the couritry•, they sawp that 
taxes had been levied without representation and 
disbursed without. their consent, and they determ- 
incd •to bccomc a frcc• people. 
In 17%6, t.h ree 
months -before the battle of Fort Moultrie, they 
adopted a State •constitution ; 
they organized an 
army; they elected a president; ghey had all the 
paraphernalia of governrnent. T hc battle of Fort 
Moultrie, on the 28Lh duy of June, was fought 
under State. colors, and by ofliccrs who hold their 
commissions sigi')cd, John Rutledge, President 
of thc Republic of South Carolina." 
That battle was fought before the Declaration 
of Independence. In 1781 they confederated with 
these other States; and in thc Articles of Confed- 
eu•ation they declared, in the second article, that 
they " rettuned their sovereio•nty, freedom, and 
independence. " 
Fro rn that time to this they havc 
that State, and obedience to the Constitution of 
the United States; but-the oath is allegiance and 
fealty to the State of South Carolina. Now, you 
tell those men that, if they obey their ozuh, if 
they violate not their allegiance, if they become 
not traitors to the country that has nourished and 
ntu:sed them, then they are to be shot down like I 
dogs or hanged like felons. This is the manner 
in which their remonstrances are met. This is 
the language of Senators who talk about " our 
glorious Union," and our being a race of free- 
men. This is the language used to free Ameri- 
cans! This is in a land of liberty! This is 
among a people who boast that-they have the 
right of self-government! Well, you will have 
an opportunity of making the cxperiment. 
Bilt a word more. Those people do not believe 
that they are citizens of the Unit.ed States. 
not believe that they are citizens of' the United 
States. 
I do not believe that I owe allegiance to 
the United States. believe that I owe allegiance 
to my State; and to that State that allegiance shall 
be rccocrnized, and tlic obligation fulfilled to the 
lett.er of the law. 
We have seen that Sou•th Carolina became a 
State, and from that time {o this she has remained 
a State; shc has exercised all the powers of na- 
ti0F1ality, but there is one fact that I have not yet 
mentioned. In 1778, thc great Power of France 
. c.ntcred• into a treaty with South Carolina by 
name, and, with Virginia, and rcco«rnized their 
nationality. That was it') 1778. In 1783, Great 
Britain acknowledged tho nationality of South 
Carolina, in the treaty of peacc between that 
Powcr and these revolted colonics, then free, 
sovereign, and indcpcndcnt States. 
1781, as 
I have already said, in the Articles of Confedera- 
tion, they declarcd, in explicit words, that they 
retained each their soyereignty, independencc, 
and freedom. 
'l'he Constitution of tho United States came to 
be ratified. Did that change their relations? 
parties to it? States. Whom vv'asit bind- 
between? States. YVh() mar-te it? States. 
WV ratiticd it? States. South Carolina is o 
Several SENATORS. Close in the morning. 
Mr. WIGFALL. At the suggestion of my 
friends, I givc way. 
EXECUTIVE SESSION. 
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro- 
ceeded to tho consideration of executive business; 
and after some time spent therein, the doors were 
reopened, and the Senate adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
WEDNESDAY, December 12, 1860. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
I by-the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
The Journal of yesterday waSread and approved. 
PACIFIC RAILROAD. 
Mr. SCOTT. I ask tho unanimous consent 
of the House for leave to present, at this time, 
the memorial of William Rabö, the secretary of 
the Pacific railroad convention, and to move that 
it be referred to the sclcct committee on the con- 
struction of a Pacific railroad. 
T herc being no objection, the memorial was 
received, and the molion of reference agrecd to. 
UNION : 
The SPEAKER. The first business in 
this morni1YY is the call of the States and Ten•i- 
torics, ul')der the following resolution, which was 
adopted yesterday It will be seen that such 
bills and resolutions as are received will go, as a 
matter of course, to the select committec of thirty- 
three. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
" Rcsolved, 
'Phat, in-unediatcly after the reading or the 
i Journal to n:ornint-} 
the States and 'i'crrit.ories 
shall be cajled 10r bilis and fesolntions; the bills and reso- 
lutions presented under said cali to be without 
debate, to the select connnittee of thirty-threc on tbc Pres- 
ident's Incssagc; and no tnotion.to reconsider the order of 
reference of any of such bills and Shau hereafter 
, in order." 
T hc following propositions werc then received, 
and reförred under the rale: 
By Mr. THAYER 
Rcsot.red:, Tb;tt we, the Representatives of the people of 
the United Stares, rerrard it as the (l uty every patriot, in 
of then). Did there then bccomc a nation? I) id 
there cease then to bc thirteen States? And did 
thcv bccomc onc State? If so, you will find it 
in the Constitution. T hc tcrn"i 
citiz.cn of tbc 
United States" is used. I will refer briefly to tho 
places whcrc it is used. T hc first is as to Rep- 
resen tatives in tho other branch of the Fedcra_l 
Legislature: 
'K No person shall be a Representative who shall not. 
have attained to the ace of twenty-five years. and bccn 
scvcn years a citizen of thc United States." 
Now, Senators, there is no man that I have 
ever sccn, howevcr black the cockade he Inay 
have worn, or bluc-lio•ht his Federalism—I have 
not yet seen the man who denies Ihat these States 
were free, sovereicyn, and independent under the 
Articles of Confederation. 'They so declarcd, and II 
the present crisis, 
ün•get parties and sections. and to 
to 
devote hirusc}f honestly and caruestly• to tbc cause of his 
, country. 
Rcsolccd, 'I'i.•at the 
roasous 'ii'llich 
in the beerin- 
n iucr o i' ou i) is, 
I.ory independent nation, iinpe{lcel these 
States to Crier)dly and (hithlul cooperation the conunon 
wclfrarc, are in full fbrce nou•, and should every 
section to the (hir and faithful dischärge of the obligations 
to cvcry other section and to the Union, without 
evasion and without reservat.ion. 
Resolved, 'I'l:at it; li'liile living under thc shadows of Nion- 
u:nents which l,vc havo erected-to connnelnoratc the heroic 
to our children the institutions created by the genius and 
patriot.islli of tbc (bundcrs ot• this Republic, we shal] de- 
serve to bc rct:ren2bcred and denounced as a nation ofgtcat- 
monunlents and lit.!ie 
licsoåved, any citizens of this Repubtic, who are 
willing to barter the public welfare {or their (.)4vn azataud- 
no onc that I have scen pretends that they formed 
a single political community or vy'crc a nation at 
that time. They all say that when they ratified 
this Constitution, and establishcd a Government 
proper, they became a nation. That is your 
theory. If that is true, a " citizen of the United 
States tucans a citizen of the United States as a 
single political community. The.n it follows that 
for seven years after this Constitution was rati- 
fled by nine States, you could have had no House 
of Representatives, because the men elected, in 
order to be qualified, must have been citizens of 
the United States for seven years. 
'I'hcrc was greater difficulty in this body. No 
onc could bc a Senator who had not, foi• nine 
years, been a citizen of thc United States. 
If, 
then, the ratification of this Constitution made us 
one people, made us citizens of the United States 
and not citizens of tbc several States, and if, when 
the term citizen of the United States" is used, 
it means the citizen of a single political commu- 
nity or State, a nation, then this body could not 
have bccn organized for nine years after the Con- 
preserved ail the paraphernalia of sovereiffnty and stitution had- been ratified and became binding 
izctnent. 
and to sceure a local popularity by cxcitiElg jeal- 
ottsy ati(l auii110Sity between the States of this Union, arc 
wholly urnvorthy the honor or the confidence ofany por- 
ti01) of t.hc Arnerican people. 
Resoh•ed, r ['hat as tho present state of unfriendly feeling 
existing between the difiOrent sections of this Conti'deracy 
has arisen fro:n the govennncnt by Congress and the Ex- 
ecutive of our provincial dcpendcncics, and their 
usurpation on tbc rights of Ainerican citizens, are op- 
posed to the creation or the acquisition of any sue]; 
dependencies, as being adversc to the interests 01' a repub- 
lican Government, and destructive of the riahts of our o wyn 
citizens. 
Resolved, 'l'hat the rights of an American ciQizen arc 
above thc Congress and the President, and are not derived 
from either, and should bo sacred everywhere on Alneri- 
can soil; and that as all Govcrnnments derive their just 
powers from the consent of the governed 
territorial gov- 
ct4!nents should not be compelled to " derive their .i:tst 
powers from the consent of Congress or t.he will of the 
President. 
Resolved, the public lands outside or the State Ihn- 
its should he open to sale and in districts suitabic 
in size and ibrrn to make Statcs; and that xvheucver any 
such district 121ay contain a population equal to the ratio of 
representation, and shall havc a constitution republican in 
Ibrm, it should be entitled to admission into the Confk:.Äd- 
eracy. 
Resolved, As taxation and representation are insepa- 
rable," that the taxes of the people in thc tand districts för 
nut.ionality. They •have 
had their legislative I bctwecn the parties to the compact. Will any the support of General Governinent should be rcatitted 
departn•wnt•, 
they have had their executive de- 
onc don v that? I say, then, tl'lat in the Constitu- 
to then; , and that they shouftl support their own govern- 
they have had their 
judicial depart- 
partrnent•, 
ment:s and defray an their expenses. 
tion the term citizen of the United States meant 
Resoh:cd, no more tdrritory should ever be acqui rod 
ment. They havc passed such laws as they saw 
citizen of sorne- particular State. 
I go further. 
to bc osvned by {hc United States, or to be governed by 
fit for thc yovornmont. of their own citizens. They 
Mr. YULEE. Will my friend give way for a and be 
havc dealt at will with 
the lives, with t.he liborty, Inorncnt? i would suerycsl, if agreeable to him' l. Resolved. , 'I'hat there shoulü be no congressional legisla- 
and v„rit.h thc property of f.hcil' own citizens. Their 
that have an adjournment. 
tion whatever upon the subject of slavery. 
own citizens have sworn faith and allegiance to 
Mr. •WIGFALL. r shall be soon through. 
Resolved, That every congressional district in the States 
