1860. 
should also be an electoral district, and be entitled every 
four years 1.0 choose one presidential elector; and that cach 
State shouftl be entitled to Choose two presidential electors 
on general ticket. 
By Mr. JOHN COCHRANE: 
IVhereas a conflict of opinion dangerous to t.hc peace 
and permanence of the Union has arisen concerning tbc 
true inteHL and tneaninø of the Constitution of the United 
States. in- relation to the su bicctof African slavery : 'i'here- 
• Resolved Ey the Senate and I-louse of Representatives, $•c., 
(two thirds of 1101b I-louses concurring,) 'å'hat the föllow- 
ill" artieies he proposed as mncndments to the Constitu- 
lion of the (Jlüted States; which, when ratified by con- 
ventions in three fOurtfts of the several States, shall be 
valid as parts ot•said Constitution, viz: 
an territory of the United States lying north 
of 360 30' north latitude, and not included within the lini- 
its of any of tuc existing States, slavery and involuntäry 
servitude, exce pt in punislmment of crime Shall be, and are 
hereby, : Prorided, 'I'hat. the said territory, or 
any portion ot the saine, when adiikitted as a State, shall 
be reccivcd into the Union with or without slavery, as its 
constitution may prescribe at the time of its admission. 
In all territory of the United States lying south 
ART. 
of 360 30/ north latitude, not included within the lilnits of 
any existiua State, neither Concress•nor any territorial TOV- 
erntnent, shall pass any law prohibiting or nupairing the 
estabiishmcnt of slavery: Provided always, 'I'llat the said 
when admitted as a 
'i'erritory, or any l)art of the earne, 
be. received into the Union witli or without 
State, shall 
slavery, as its constitution prescribe at the tune of 
ad:nission. 
Congress shali pass no law prohibiting or in- 
ART. 
in sEaves between tl!C several. 
torturing with the trade 
slaveholding *tires and 'Porri tories. 
'I'he ini«ration or itnportat-ion ot•slaves into the 
ART. 
United States or any of the rrerritories thereof',.from any 
country, is hereby prohibited. 
Aiér. —. No person hei(l to service or labor in any State 
or in any 'Pert•itory ot tl•e United under the Inws 
thereof. escaping into any other State or Territory of the 
United States, sliafl, iu consequence Uf any law or rc«nla- 
tion thercirl, be discharged front such service or labor, but 
• shall be delivered 'up on elailn of the party to wi10tn such 
service or labor Inay be due. 
. 'Ehe ri21it ot• transit through and tclnporaryso- 
journ in the several States and ' rerritories of the United 
States, is ere by guar;mnt.ied to all the. citizens of the several 
States and 'Cerritortcs; and their right to tuc possession arid 
control o!' their slaves durin•s such. transit and sojourn shall 
nat be 
No law enacted by Congress for the rendition 
ART. — 
of f'tvritive slaves snail bo in any degree impaired or in- 
anything contained in the laws or constitution 
of any State or 'i'erritory ; but ail such State and territorial 
laws and an. such provisions in any State or other consti- 
tutioa sha;l be wholly and void. 
By Mr. SICKLES: 
Rcsoh•ed, 'I'hat the Co;nmittee on the Post Offce and Post 
Roads be directed to inquirc into the cxpedicney of estab- 
iiSliing a Inetropoiitan postal district for the delivery or Ict- 
aud newspapers daily, or oftener, within a circuit of 
twelve miles around the City Han, in (he city of New Vork ; 
and that said conunittcc be authorized to report by bill or 
otherwise. 
Mr. SPINNER. Is that resolution in order? 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks such a 
resolution would not be in order under this call, 
mide undcr the resolution of the gentlcman from 
North Carolina, [Mr. BRANCH.] 
Mr. SIC KLES. I thought thc States were 
being ea\lcd getaerally for bills and reso,uåons. 
The SPERKER, The call is for a special 
purpose. 
Mr. SICKLES. I hope, as the resolution has 
been read, it will not be ol.)jccted to. 
Mr. GROW. Let it bc referred to the. special 
committee of thirty-three. That is the order. 
If objection is made, the 
The SPEAKER. 
resolution cannot bc received. 
Mr. SICKLES. Objection being made, 1 with- 
draw the resolution. 
By Mr. ADRAIN: 
Resobved. 'I*haL the doctrine that Congress should intcr- 
vene by cither to prohibit. or protect the domestic in- 
stitution of' slavery in the 'i'erritories of 
should be abandoned by those political parües which hold 
it; and that the doctrine nonÄntervcntion by Congress 
over that subject should be adopted as a basis of cotnpro- 
thereby leaving the 
mise between the North and South; 
whole question OC slavery in the %l'erritories to be deterrn- 
ined by the people and laws of clfrnate. 
Resolved, That tho people of any 'l'erritory, on applying 
for ad n)ission as a State into this (Jnion, should be adlllit- 
ted with such a con*tit.ution as a majority of the people 
have adopted, provided it is republican in fOnn, and with- 
out any regard to whether their constitution pennits or pro- 
Ilibits tile (101nestic instil_ution of slavery, 
'I'hat ail statutes enacted by any of' t.he State 
Louislatures conflicting with, or in violation or, the Con- i 
etitution of the Liuited States and the laws of Congress I 
Inade ill pursuance thereof, should be repealed. 
Rcso/.eed, 'ilirat the fugitive slave law is constitutional 
bc respected 
of the laud, and as such 
ana the 
and that 110 obstacles should be put in the 
and obeyed ; 
faithfut execution by cither State Legislatures 
of 
or peopie. 
Resotüed, That a kind and fraternal sptrit should be man.. . 
ifested by tile people of' one State toward those of another, i 
and that the people of each State should be permitted to 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
regulate their own internal affairs, withoUt the -interference 
and intertnedd}ing ofthose of other States. 
ResoZred, That the Constitution of the United States was 
the result of a spirit of conciiiation.and comprotnise; and 
that the, Union ot• these States can alone be preserved by 
thc exercise ofthe same spirit which anhnat.ed the breasts o!' 
those great patriots and statesmen who gave us that Con- 
stitution and hailowed Union. 
By Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania: 
thc connnitte.e of thirty-three be in- 
structed to rcvicw thc personal liberty laws of thc States, 
to ascertain which of thetn i* ill conflict with the Consti- • 
tution of the United States, and to einbody the result ot• 
such, investigation in their report; -and. that said committee 
be ('unher instructed to inquire if the fugitive_i.lave law is 
not susceptible ot' amendlnent, so as to effectually prevent I 
kidnapping, and to render more certain the ascertaimnent 
of the actual condition 01' the fugitives. 
By Mr. STEWART, of Maryland: 
IVheroas the good people of tbc States of thig Fcdcral 
Union, from the origin o? their colonial existence, have 
been recognized as distinct and separate.colnrnunities in 
their political actions and forms of Govermnent, and in 
their relations towards each other, as the exigency seemed 
to proinpt, havo employed various mpdcs of association— 
by a Continental Congress, by Articles of ConlUderation, 
and last under the present Constitution—with a view of 
forming a nioroperiöet Union, still cautiously providing a 
reservation of all rights not delegated, and retaining their 
and whereas thcse 
respectivc forms of State governunent : 
various changes and nuodificationg have always been 
effected peaceably and by voluntary consent and agree- 
and whereas, in the present juncture of our afiäirs, 
ment : 
is (he deliberate aud settled opinion of n-:any• well-dis- 
posed citizens in all of t.he States, that this last forin of 
erovcrnment, by the action of' tune and by the force of cir- 
eunFtanccs not foreseen by its illustrious frmners, and be- 
yohd the control o? human a«ency, has ceased tp answer 
all the purposes its creation and threatens to becotne 
destructive of sorne of the great objects it intended LO 
irrcmcdiabie of its 
accotuplisl:, either through 
powcrs, or possibly t.hroågh its legitinmatc acti011 ; and in 
order to check its revolutionary tendencies and provide 
reasonablc safeguard* for thc better security •of the just 
c.xcrcisc its proper functions, eo as to perpetuate the 
high aims designed by its founders, and still continue its 
I*essings of constitutional governinent to each and every 
and that to 
in iLS reserved and Fcdcral rciation•.i.; 
State 
ellOctuate this purpose atnendment.s have bccornc neces- 
sary, or, if this be rendered i:npossiblc bv the antagonistic 
interests that have supervened, that then each State should 
be ibrnnally reinvested with all its powers as a distinct and 
independent nationality, and placed in a position, by colli- 
consent, to provide för its own securit.y as fully as if 
no had ever been delegated : and whereas we fully 
recognize the great politieal truth that. the sovereien people 
of each State are competent to tnanage their afihirs, 
to oramnizc, rcortrallize or change their form of govern- 
rncl)t deliberately and without violence: and whereas a 
convention of all the States is arnong thc :nodcs prescribed 
by the ConstitutiÖn, (and probably intended to provide Ibr 
cases where general revision had become necessary,) by 
'Made, if the present forin of 
which an-ændments tnay be 
governrnent is to bc continued: and whereas much ar 
prchcnsion prevails mnong the good people aft Ihc States 
that our syste.lll, State and Federal, 
naay prove a 
, and svc think •.vithout jqst cause, and very gravc 
crisis has been reached in the progn•css of' the Republic, 
requiring tuc Inost calnl, protOund, and deliberate action 
on tuc part of all the State and Federal authority, and es- 
pecia15y of thc Rcprescntatives of the people in Congress 
assembled : and whereas we have good reason to believe 
that certain States of the Union are about to withdraw 
from its jurisdiction by all the authentic rnodes recognized 
as regular t).v State action, alleging for cause repeated and 
rsistcnt violations of Lile cmnpact of the Union by certain 
other States, arud that they are hopeless of preservinrr {hc 
inalienable and reserved rights of their people, and nr,ün- 
good and orderly government within their Itinits 
under the existing systetn : and whereas it is the part Uf 
wisdom to ascertain, accurately, thc cause of these troubles, 
iC possible. an adequate rernedy and securc a 
and provide 
continuance of the biessing.s of constitutional libérty•to 
ourselves and our posterity fbrever under the present. förnl 
of government: and whereas serious doubts are cnter- 
tailied whether ample and competent provision can bc 
made under tho existing it'dcration to insure to alk the 
States and the people thereof tbc full measure of their in- 
and that Lhc time Iras 
alienable and constitutional 
coine whcn other plans inust.be devised to establish jus- 
tice, insure donaestie tranquillity, and see-ure t.he blessings 
of' liberty to the people, of all the States ; aud whereas, if 
the, latter opinion bc really well fOunded, it is proper that 
an annicab}e setttclneut shall bc madc without uuueeessary 
delay, and an equitable adjustrnent of all matters between 
the States separating from each other, so that. each and 
every Stato and the people thereof Inay know their precise 
duties and obli"ations in that. event, and no justifiable i 
cause of disturbance may take place im the future. as ihr 
as human foresight can guard against it; and rurther to 
enable thein, as they have livcd so long together in the 
•bond* of Federal LVnion, to acquiesce peaceably in the lic- 
and furthcr to pro- 
cessity that compels them to separate 
vide, in casc of disagreement in the future, :-cnnc plan, if I 
possible, by wbieh the sarne may be speedily and fairly 
adjusted : 'l'herefore, 
Resolved, 'That the select comnlittee appointed cn the t 
also, some planliti that everitjbyx which, in the-'futUre;rr 
any disputes shall arise, they may be fairly abdx-sVeedily 
settled. 
By Mr. LEAKE: 
Resolved, That the Constitution of the -United 'States 
oughtto be amended, so as to provide E. That 
have no power or jurisdiction' over the subject or domestic 
slavery, either in the. States, the. Tcrritories of the (hiiicd 
States, or theDistrict of u mbia , or over the ti•ade in Slaves 
in or between thcni, except so-far -as hereinafter provided. 
0. rrhat where domestic slavery may exlSt in any 'I'crrj-LOzy 
or district of the•Uuitea States, it shall be the duty of Con- 
gress to protect it by adequate and emcient legislatiom 3. 
That no 'i'erritorial Legislature, or other territorial-authör- 
ity, shall have power or jurisdiction over such subject. '4. 
That tbc rights of masters or owners to their slaves, while 
sojourning in, or in transitu through, any State or- 
of the United States, shall be guarantied -and protected ; 
and, 5. That fugitiVc slaves shall be given np on demand 
of their owners or masters, and that ail such fugitives as 
Inay- be lost by reason of the legislation •or any State, or the 
act ot its cönstituted authorities, shall he paid tor by such 
State. 
By Mr. SMITH, of Virginia: 
Resolved, That the committee of thirty-three take hitö 
consideration the policv of declaring out of the Union every 
men)ber thereof which shålt, by her legislation, aijn to 
nullify an aet of Congress. 
By Mr. JENKINS: 
Resolved, That the connnittce oP one from each State, 
rcccntly appointed by this nouse, bc instructed to inquire 
into the expediency of so a:ncndiug the fugitive slave law 
as best to pron:ote the rendition of iUgitives utiderthe oper- 
ation of the same, the Inorc adequate punislnnent -or its 
infraction, and the aflörding proper eonipensation to the 
also, to inquire 
owners of those who are not returned ; 
e propriety of either by 
into th 
a:nendxnent or legislative enactment, iör the. better secur- 
ity of the, rights of slaveholders in eonnnon Territo- 
ries of the United States; also, 10 inquire what further 
constitutional cheeks are demanded by a sense of self- 
preservation on the part oP slaveholding States against the 
operation of the Federal Government, when about to be 
adininistered by those who have avowedly conie into power 
on the ground of hostility to their institutions, and to- con- 
sidet whether this fact docs not ot• itselt' so isohate and 
antagonize the slaveholding interest as to make it neces- 
*ary to its own security that its concurrent voice, sepa- 
rately and distinctly giveB, should be required to sanction 
each and every operation of the Federal Governnrent; and 
to consider whether a dual Executive, or the division of 
the Senate int.o two bodies. or the making a ruajority-of 
Senators from both the slaveholding and nun-slaveholdil'tg 
States necessary to all action on the part ot• that body, or 
the creation or another advisory body or council, or what 
other amendments to the Federal Constitution would best 
pro:not.c that result, and to report thercon. 
Mu•. BARKSDALE (when the State of Missis- 
sippi was called) said: I desire to say that if I had 
been in scat I should have voted against the 
resolution creating this cornmittec. 
By Mr. COX: 
Whereas one of the chief cmnplaints on the part of the 
slavcholding States of this Confederacy is the refusal, nea- 
lcct, and Failure of certain Executives of northern States 
to deliver up fugitives from justice, indicted ltn• treason, 
murder, aud slave stealing, in said slave States : 'l'heretöre, 
Rcsol•ccd, T hat the coxnmittee of thirty-three, for the cs- 
tab!ishment ot• comit.y between the States; be required to 
consider what, it' any, further legislation is necessary to 
carry out tuc second clausc of the second section of article 
four of the Conetitution of the United States, for the de- 
livery of fugitives who shall flee from justice in one State 
and be found in another State, on (Im-nand ot• the executive 
authority of the State from which such fugitive shall Iüwe 
and that sue!' inquiry be madc witli special aim to 
fled ; 
punish ail judgcs, attorneys general, Executives, and*0ther 
State officers WIIO shall obstruct the execution oc such 
clause of l,hc Constitutions either in respect to the delivery 
of tuons who Inay be indicted for treason -or •murder, or 
attempted slave insurrections, or indicted [Or slave stealing. 
By Mr. HUTCHINS: 
Resoh•.ed, That thc select committce of thirty-three, to 
which regun•ed so :nuch of the President's ntcssage as 
relates to the state of the IJnion and the slavery question, 
be requested to report, first, what legislation, if any, is 
necessary to give füll etü.•ct to section two of article four 
(j•onstitution of the United State$, which provides 
that the citizens of each State shall be. entitled to ail the 
privileacs and inununities of the citizens in the several 
States and, second, what legislation, if any, is necessary 
to secure to all the people, whether residing or traveling in 
ments to the Constitution of the United States, which reads 
The right of people to secure in their 
as 
p.•rsons, houses, papers, and effects, awainst unreasonable 
searches' and seizures, shall not be violated ; and no war- 
rant. shad issue but uöon probable cause, supported byoati) 
or aiiirrnation, and particularly describing the piace to be 
searched and the persons or things to be seized." 
By Mr. SHERMAN: 
Resolved, 'I'hat the only true. and effectual remedy for the 
President's message inqnire, annong other things' if dissensions that nosv the several State* and 
constitutional rights ot•all the States within the Union ; and 
if, in their judgincnt, this be impracticable, tben Cartherto 
inquire as to tho 1M ost reasonable and just mode by which 
their rights rnay bc secured in a state of separation, each 
sovereign State, in that event, being repossessed.of its del- 
egated authority to the Federal Union, and adjusting the 
relative liabilities of' each, with such other measures of Iäir 
settlelnent as may appear to them just; and recommend, I 
the peoplc thereof, is in the faithful Observance, by the 
States and the people thereot•, of all the compro- 
rnises of the Constitution and of the laws made 'in pursu- 
ance thcrcof. 
Resolved, *Rhat the spacial eotnuzittee Of thirty-three be 
instructed to inquire whether any State, or -the people 
thereof, have failed to obey and enföree the obligations-im- 
posed by the Constitution; and if so, the reinedy thereof, 
