1860, 
the other offices have been removed. This im- 
Territory, who Inay be the owners of slaves, shall be per- 
Inli'tcd to hold their slave property -while passing through I poses Oh the register and receiver at the consoli- 
whose coustitutions do not recognize institution of dated land office immense additional labor, for 
slavery. 5. A provision that any State whose which there is no compensation provided. 'J*his 
labor consist* of the examination of records, the 
has enacted, Or: unav hereaftcr enact, Laws (Icteatintr or in-I 
pairing the right of the master have his escaped 
delivery of patents, the making copies of papers 
defivered up td i}hn, according to the provisions of the 
and records, and a thousand other things that 
fugitivc law o? 1850, shali not bc entitled to repre- 
makc it necessary for these omcers to employ ad- 
sentation in either I-iuusO of Conaress until the repeal of 
such nullifying statutes. 6. Suéh further provtsions as ditional clerks. Their present salary is only $500 
some amicable mode of dctcnnining their future relations t ion of the bill rnaking it discretionary with thc 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
70 
will scoure to tho siaveholdiug Slates, through their repre- 
sentatlon in absolute negative upou all action 
of:Congress relatin•r tö the subject 01' slavery. 
vision tbe appoint,lnent, by State authority, of all Fed- 
eral otficers exercising their functions witlii,il 'hc limits 
8. A provision that ail tbc above arnend- 
of' the States. 
meuts, toaethet with the existing provisions tur slave rep. 
resentation upon the tln•ee-fit'ill$ basis, shall forever be irre- 
pealable and unamendable. 
By Mr. LARRABEE: 
Whereas conflicting constructions of various clauses in 
thc Federal Constitution havc frotn time to time prevailed, 
some of the States claiming and others denying certain 
each; and that is totally inadequate to compen- 
sate these officers at the consolidated land ofiices. 
'I'his bill authorizes them to employ clerks, and 
i provides that thc clerk hirc shall be paid by the 
I persons making application for service; so that the 
Governmen t. docs not pay any of it. 
It provides 
further, that. the compensation of register and rc- 
II ceiver at the consolidated of)äces shall not exceed, 
'i 
under this bill, $3,000 annun-t each. 
fees exceed that amount, the surplus is to be paid 
do not suppose, however, 
into the rl'reasury. 
the -additional -•låbot+ imposed: on -these offcerS* 
We had in Indiana ten land Offces. A-lt of them; 
except •one, have been discontinued;' -and the 
records of those nine offees have beeh 'deposited 
in the one consolidated offce at' the seat, of, gov- 
eynment, This renders am immense' arnqü:bi.of 
labor necessary in recording and making 
scripts of documents, and it iS impÖssible 
the work done at the compensation now allowed. 
am as much opposed as any gentleman here to 
creating new offices or raising salaries; but; 
think that 
" the laborer is worthy of his hire." 
I think that in all cases where justice and reöi-ty 
and good conscience require auditional compen- 
sa-tion to bc allowed to public officers of the coun- 
try, this House ought to and will allmrv it. 
I Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. the 
that they will exceed that sum. That provision 
powers of' Government to Congress ; and whereas it is our 
duty, in tirncs of grave civil disorder, to resort to the rcm- 
applies to the present offccrs. But får the put- 
edies provided within tho Constitution ; and whereas it is 
pose of the offcers who have •onc 
of the last importance that, in the-event ofa final disazree- 
ment between the several menibers ot the Confi:deracy, out of ofhce, there is a provision in the last sec- 
be ascertained: 'l'hcretöre, 
Congress 'I'hat, in pursuance 01' article. five of 
tho Constitution, it is recommended to the severai States: 
that they shall, through their respective Legislatures, re- 
quest Congress to catl a convention of the States Ibr pro- 
posinw amendtnents to the Constit.ution, to the end that the 
people of the several States may thus be enabled to conftr 
together in the Inanner provided in the establislnnent of the 
Governeneut, and adopt such measures as, in their wisdotu, 
may be proper to prornote the common welfare of the 
States. 
The SPEAKER. The order, under the reso- 
lution of the gentleman from North Carolina, 
[Mr. BRANCH,] havintr now becn executed, the 
next business in order will be to call the commit- 
tees for reports; and the first thing in order in 
that class of business is a bill pending at the last 
session, reported from the Committee on Public 
Lands. 
EXCUSED FROM COMMITTEE SERVICE. 
Mr. BONHAM. Mr. Speaker, if it be 
to sny that I have received notice this morning 
from the chairman of the Committee on Military 
Affairs to meet that committee on Friday next. 
As I do not expect to remain long a member of 
Congress, I feel it due that I shouid resign the 
placé I hold on that committee, that the gentle- 
man who may be appointed to succeed me may 
enter upon the duties of the committee at once. 
In doing so, sir, I ask leave only to say that I 
do not adopt this course through any dissatisfac- 
tion with rny colleagues upon that committee; 
and that I shall ever cherish, however wide apart 
Secretary of thc Interior to allow them a reason- 
able compensation for their services, to be paid 
out of the contingent fund of' these oflices. 
It is unnecessary for me to take up the time of 
the I.-lousc in further explanation.ot• the objects 
of this bill. 
I desire to ask the 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
gentleman a question, which I desire to have an- 
swered for tho information of the House. The 
question is: whether there is any provision in this 
bill providing for compensation of registers and 
receivers now in office for their past services since 
the offices were consolidated ? 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I think not. The 
only provision on that subject is that which makes 
it tfic duty of the Secretary of the Interior to allow 
reasonable compensation to reo•isters and recei vers 
If the gen- 
who have already gone out of oflice. 
t.lctnan from Missouri desires to propose an amend- 
ment o that kind, I have no obiection tl)at it I 
Inarle•, for I think n»r.scl't• that it is right 
should 
and proper that such compensation should be 
If the gentlcmal'l wish to propose such 
allo wed. 
an amendment, I will yield for that pur Dose. Tliat 
view of the question did not occur to t xe commit- 
'lthe 
tee when they agreed to report the bill. 
original bill was draughted by the Commissioner 
of (he General Land Office, and was acted on by 
the. committee by addiY)g the provision in the last 
section. 
Mr. WASHBURNF„ of Illinois. 1 should 
like to have the bill again read. 
The bill ".,vas again read. 
It would 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
we may be, a lively recollection of the urbanity 
and courtesy which have unifotnnly characterizcd seem to me, from the reading of this bill, that it 
their deportrnent in the discharge of the arduous Proposes iot only the creation of a new offcc, 
but the raising of the salaries of other offcers. I 
duties which we have 2md to pcu•form. I ask to be 
am opposed to the whole of it, from the begin- 
excused from further service on the committee. 
Fling to the end. I think that a salary of $560 to 
The question was taken; and Mr. BONHAM was 
• the receivers and registers at these consolidated 
excused. 
land offices, is quite enough fov the work they 
EIüG11ES to fill thc vacancy occasioned in the Com perform, and that no cleik hirc is necessary. 
There are plenty of men svho would be willing to 
mittce on Military Affairs. 
dischargc all these duties for that salary; and the 
great trouble will be in discriminating between 
CONSOLIDATED LAND OFFICES. 
I think this 
The House then proceeded to the, consideration applicants desiring these offces. 
whole legislation entirely unnecessary. I think 
of a bill, reported from the Committee on Public 
Lands, making further provision in relation to that alk the duties of these offices can be perförmed 
by mcn who will be glad to get tho offices at the 
consolidated land offices. 
present salary. We have omcers enough, and 
The bill was read. 
the salaries are high enough. Hence, I am op- 
The question being on the engrossment and 
posed to the bill. 
third read ing of the bill 
l. desire to say a 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 
Mr. I)AVIS, of Indiana. I desire to make a 
brief statement in explanation of the objects word in reply to the gentleman from Illinois. In 
the first place, ho is Inistaken about this bill cre- 
this bill, and I presutne that when I have made 
it, there will be no objection to the passage of the , ' ating new omc.es. 
It has been recommended by the Secretary Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. 
It permits 
offthe Interior and by the Conmnis.sioncr of the 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. It only authorizes 
General Land Office. The object of the bill is 
the register and recorder to employ additional 
this: in all the land offc.es of the United States 
where the public lands have been reduced by sale clerks; and it provides for the payment of fees 
by persons requirino•servicc to be rendered. The 
to less than one hundred thousand acres, it is made 
II 
the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to close gentleman from Illinois thi_nks that this is unne- 
man from Indiana allow me to sav a word. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Certainty, 
Mr. CLARK, of Before the bill 
was reported to the House,' it was submitted to 
the Secretary of the Interior ond to the Commis- 
sioner of the General Land Offce. They cXa.m- 
ined it, and wrote to the Committee on Pliblic 
Lands that the provisions of the bill not only met 
with their approbation, but that'they considered 
it absolutely necessary for the proper discharge 
of tho public business. In the State of Missouri, 
there are six land omces consolidated into one. 
The area covered by this consolidated land office 
includes nearly half the entire State, and it is im- 
possible for any onc man to conduct all the busi- 
ness ot• that office as consolidated. There are 
books, records, and documents in his possession, 
relating to the titles to nearly half the lands in the 
State; and there are daily and hourly ap- 
plications involving an amount of labor and re- 
know, 
search which no onc man can perform. 
from personal observation, the amount of busi- 
ness to be transacted at this ofiice is very-large.. 
From the frequent applications for additional as- 
sistance at this and other consolidated- land offces, 
thc Commissioner of thc General Land Offce sent 
out one of his clerks to make examination -into 
lhc facts, who, from his personal observation, 
adds his testimony to tl)at already received, of the 
necessity therc is for further provision to be made 
But, this bill does not, in my judgment, go as 
far as justice to these offcers requires; and if- that 
course meets the approbation of tlle gentleman 
fronn Indiana, I will move that it be recommitted 
to the Committee on Public Lands, to give thun 
an opportunity of' perfecting its provisions. I 
think that these officers of the consolidated land 
I oflicos, who have within the last year been com- 
pelled to employ assistance in the discharge of 
their duties, ought to be reimbursed for the ex- 
penses they have actually incurred. I understand 
i the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. MCCLERNAND] 
has prepared an amendment which covers the 
additional provision which I have suggested. If 
such be the fact, I hope he will be Fermitted to 
offer it. 
I say, in response to the other gentleman from 
Illinois, [Mr. WASHBURNE,] that yon cannot ob- 
tain the services of competent men to discharge 
the duties now devolved upon the registers and 
receivers of these consolidated land ofhccs for 
the salary now allowed by law. I have in my 
possession a letter from the register of the con- 
solidated land omce at Boonville, Missouri, in 
which he states that it is impossible for thé reois- 
ter and receiver of that land' office to discharge 
the dutics of the offcc, and that, unless additional 
assistance be furnished them, they cannot con- 
tinue to hold their offces; and you cannot obtain 
competent men to fill the omces under the present 
provisions of law. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Having made some • 
investigation into the facts involved in the matter 
under consideration, 1 am satisfied that the bill, 
in the main, is right; but i think its provisions 
ought to be extended, so as to embrace the cases 
of expenses actually incurred by these Offcers for 
clerical services and for room-rent, in all cases 
where a number of land offices ha•vc been consol- 
idated into one. 
I will say that, in Illinois, under our land laws, 
them, and to remove the records to some other cessary,and that these officersget suffcient salary 
office. That process hasgoneon in the western land II already. In that he differs with the Secretary of all- the land offices in the State have bcen consol- 
the Interior and with the Commissioner of the 
States until lhc ofhccs in many of the western 
imposing upon the register and re- 
land States, especially so in my State, in Illinois, General Land Office, who ought at least to know oovernmont, 
cciver of that ofiice such an amount of additional 
and perhaps in Missouri, have been consolidated the burdens thrown on these oflicers. 
into one land offce, to which the records of all 
I will give my. own State as an • illustration of labor and research, that they have been compelled 
