THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE& 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1860. 
under the law-making power of any organized by a majority of the Legislature; and that, when 
the people within the limits of those Territories 
It is an absurdity that we can ac- 
government? 
shall amount to twenty-five thousand, they shall 
quire territory from a Corcign Government which 
elect. all their own omcers; and until that time, the 
we have not the right to govern. 
Then, the right of citizenship applies every- offccrs are to be appointed by the President, as 
heretofore, We thought that twenty-five thou- 
where. When a man leaves one place in this 
country and Eoes to another hc leaves the right of sand peoplc would be a sumcient number to main- 
tain a form of government wiLhout a 
NEW SERIES.... .NO. 6. 
of the Commit.tee on Public Lands. 
Mt. LOVEJOY. may have been thc unan- 
imous action of. those who were present; : but 
both the gent.leman from Ohio, (Mr. Tk1MBLE,.] 
and I myself do not recollect any action being 
It is probable we were absent. I do 
taken on it. 
not mean to dispute the gentleman's statement; 
but I wish it to be understood that Some members 
citizenship of the place he leaves, and must take 
on the right of citizenship of the place, to '.vhich burden of excessive taxation; and that they would of the Committee on Public Lands do not {gree 
be capable of electing their own offcers, to take to this bill. 
he goes. These rights are fixed by the iaw-mak- 
the place ot those appointed by the President. 
II Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, 1 will reply in 
If he leaves Pennsyl- 
ing power of cach place. 
Mr. COX. And do they propose the same a very few words to the argument of the gentle- 
vauia to-day, when he crosses the -line of that 
State and goes info Virginia, he leaves behind proviso in respect to slavery that was contained man from Pennsylvania against this bill. It seems 
to me to come .with a very bad grace from the 
in t hc former bills? tl'hat. is the point. 
him the right o? citizenship of Pennsylvania and II 
must take upon himself the right of citizenship Mr. GROW. We shall, I take it, report the chairman of the Committee on Territories to ob- 
same proviso as before, with the privilegc of any i ject that we propose to admit a Delegate to Con•- 
In Pennsylvania thc 
of the State of Virginia. 
member to move to strike it out; and if a inajority gress from this land district of Dakota, when :'his 
Legislature of the Siaté fixes tho righi. of citizen- 
is-against us upon that queslion, wc propose to committee, during the last session, reported bills 
ship, and that right extends to the geographical 
•If a majority shall strike organizing two territorial governments Over •the 
vote for those bills. • 
limits of the State. And so the Virginia Legis- 
stune people, and admitting ttVQ Delegates' to tho 
the clause out, then you have not a word in Lhe 
lature fixes the right of citizenship within her 
limits. When a Inan crosses the line which bikls about slavery—no reference to it whatever. House of Representatives. This bill 'provides 
divides the two States, he leaves behind him the i We propose to leave it to be settled by a majority for the admission of but one Delegate tb repre- 
sent the sanne, and has, therefore, the argument 
right of citizenship in the State which he leaves, of the I-louse, whet.hcr they will retain that pro- 
viso or not; and if a majority say no, it will be of' economy in its favor. But the gentleman in- 
and must takO upon himself the right oc citizen- 
out of the bills. Still, we believe that tbc people forms us that the proposition to survey and offer 
ship of the State into which hc goes. 
should have governmcnts, and should therefore I for sale the lands of Dakota, is an infringement 
Now, when he leaves onc State of this Union 
vote to give them governments; for, to-day, there of the policy of the Government, 
inasmuch as 
and goes into a Territory, he is in precisely the 
same condition. He leaves behind him the right is no doubt. that there are at least forty thousand I no is ever made for such survey and 
sale till the Indian titles are extinguished. Does 
of citizenship of the State he leaves, and must people in what is known as Pike's Peak, and 
place to • they are there without any government, and with 
take on the right of citizenship of the 
no law but mob law. 
which he goes; and the law-making power of that 
Sir, docs tbc Govermuent of the country dis- 
place must fix this right of citizenship. 
i charge its duty to the pioneers who go forlh and 
Thus you harmonize the powers of the Federal 
Government with those of the States. The au- people the wilderness, in thus leaving them ex- 
thority of each State is left, within its own limits, posed to mob law as their only protection ? 
to regulate and fix its right of' citizenship and its Mr. MAYNA RD. I desire to make a sucges- 
tion to tho gentleman; and that is: whether it 
own domestic institutions; and they are beyond 
the reach and control of any person not a resident would not be better, following the example of my 
of the particular State. So when he goes into own State and sorne others, to abolish the velo 
power altogether. 
the territory of the Union, the law-making power 
Mr. GROW. In most Of the States you allow 
thereof is the Congress of the United States; and 
until it delegates to some onc else the authority the Governor to veto, and a majority of the Le- 
to establish a law-making power there, he is under gislature to overrule the veto. 'This gives timc, 
in hasty legislation, for the Governor to exanune 
the control of the primary and original law- 
the bills; and if he vetoes them, the same major- 
making power, and must take on himself the right 
of cit.iz-enship fixed by Congress, or by some gov- it y that passed them originally could pass them 
ernment authorized by Then any over the veto of the Governor; • and thus, in all 
substantial legislation, it makes no difference. 
legislation by Congress that docs not authorize 
a government to be established upon the Territo- We know that hasty legislation takes place in 
ries does nothing in the world towards securing all legislative bodies—in States as well as in Con- 
to the people of the Territories a government, but gross. Some bills are passed in a moment of 
haste, which, if the attention of the. mernbers had 
is a mere, baRatelle, and amounts to nothing. 
Then why go on and create supernumerary been called to objectionable provisions in them, 
would not have been passed at all. In such cases 
land surveyors, and add additional oflicers in the 
land offices, whcn you havc land surveyors already I the Governor could calk the attention of the body 
to them. 
whose duties extend over all the territories, as 
Before I surrender the floor, move that the 
far as the Indian title is extinguished? NV h y 
•orovide, then, pay for a man froin a land district bill be referred to the Committee on Territo- 
to sit herc, who represents no organized and ries. 
have but a word to say in conclusion. It 
can see in this proposal no bene- 
•overnment? 
must be remembered that the surveyors general 
ficial legislat.ion whatever; and f move the refer- 
are appointed to survey _the lands as fast as the 
ence of the bill to 
Indian title is extinguished. The Government 
Mr. COX. Before the gentleman concludes, I 
never has proposed heretofore to go upon the lands 
Mr. GROMT. I do not purpose to deprivc the of the Indians, and commence surveys before the 
Indian title has been extinguished. That creates 
the gentleman forget that in the former pgt•t of 
his remarks, hc said there was already a Surveyor 
general for this very purpose. Accordingly, this 
bill does not propose any infringement of our 
policy in this regard. But Surveyor general 
of Minnesota has not ordered the survey of.the 
lands of Dakota, and the people there are desir- 
ous of securing titles to their homesteads. It'-is 
the duty of the Government to enable them to 
obtain rightful and permanent possession of the 
land which they are now cultivating. 
But the chairmån of the Committee on Terri- 
tories considers it the duty of this General Göv- 
ernment to form a government for• the people of 
Dakota. I do not blame the gentleman for his 
persistent efforts to magnify his office. The peo- 
ple of Dakota have formed their own government, 
and, in my judgment, they are as well qualified 
to do this for themselvcs, as the Committee on 
Territorics are to do it for them. This govern- 
ment is now in full operation. The people are 
satisfied with it. 
I wish 
by the people from their own number. 
to recognize this government by admitting a Del- 
egate from it to the I-louse of Representatives. 
What does the gentleman propose to do? Sini- 
ply this: to overthrow the government of the peo- 
ple, and to put in its place a government made 
by the Territorial Committee; to, displacer the 
offcers whom the people have elected, and to au- 
thorize the President to appoint their offcers. 
have no patience, sir, with this argument of' the 
divine right of kings or of Congress. •The right 
of self-government is the right of American cit- 
izens on American soil, and is not derived either 
i would there• 
from Congress or the President. 
fore recognize the rightfulness and validity of the 
government now existing in Dakota, by admit- 
Mr. COX. I wish to inquirc of the gentleman i! thesc border troubles and diffculties; and hence 
the Government has abstaii)ed, thus far in its his- I ting a Delecrate from that political community to 
proposes any legislation with respect to this or tory, from authorizinø any surveys of lands until this House. Nothing further is necessary, and 
the other Territories? And if so, whether they the. Indian title thereto has been extinguished : 
I now move that the bill bc referred to the Com- 
propose to change the bills they reported last ses- The systmn inaugurated in this bill proposes to 
innovate upon that policy, and send a surveyor mittee of the -Whole on the state of the Union, 
sion, so as to obliterate those obnoxious provis- 
creneral to commence surveys before the Indian with a purpose to cntcr a motion to reconsider. 
ions which caused them to be defeated ? 
Mr. GROW. Is the question first upon the mo- 
It will cnd in border 
MI.. GROW. The Cornmittee on Territories title has been extinguished. 
tioil to refer the bill to the Conmfittee on Territories? 
wars, and a larger expcnditure of znoney in quoll- 
—and I suppose it is proper to slate it—propose, 
The SPEAKER. No, sir; under the rules the 
ing indian insurrections. 
when we have an opportunity, to submit to this 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I did not hear this report question is first on referring it to the Committee of 
House bilks for orcranizingTerritot•ies for the peo- 
desire to know- whether it comes from I the Whole on the state of the Union, 
made. 
ple in t]-le regi0\'l around Pike's Peak; for the 
The question was taken on Mr. TilAYER's mo- 
the Committee on Pubiic Lands? 
people in the recrion of the Washoe silver mines, 
tion•, and it was agreed to. 
called Nevada; for the people of what is Mr. rrHAYF,R. it does. 
I i So the bill weas referred to the Committee•of the 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have no doubt that is cor- 
Apizona; and for the people of this very Dakota 
rect•, bat, there arc, at least, two melnbers of that Whole on tho state of the Union. 
Terri*.ory, and Cor the Territory above it, which 
committee who do not recollect any action on the i I Mr. GROSSV moved to reconsider•tbe Vote by 
will cover ail tho territory of the nation; and thus 
which it was so re,örrcd•, and also moved to lay 
arranging the whole matter, we shall get rid of I subject. r i'he rcl.)ortwas certainly Viol unanimous. 
the motion to reconsider upon the table. 
I simply wish to say that some n•nembers of the 
this whole territorial legislation. And we pro- i 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
pose to report those bills in the usual form, ex- I committee do not approve of that bill. 
6 
