86 
ernnient of South Carolina will be vested the right 
to decfard war, to conclude peace, t.o make treaties, 
to .entei• into alliances, and todo all other matters 
and .things which sovereign States may of right 
do. When that is done,- a' minister plenipoten- 
Gary and envoy extraordinary will be sent to 
-present his credentials; and when they are denied, 
or réfuSed to be fecocrnized-by this Governtnent, 
I say to you that the sovereignty of her soil will 
bc asserted) ond it will be maintained at- thc point 
of the bayönet. Laugh! Nero fiddled while Rome 
wag burning; and you who have it in your power 
even yet to save,your sufférino• poor in the dead 
of they need both food and fuel, 
froui stai•vation and destruction, arc here treatino• 
x,vith Contempt thosc who wish to discuss these 
questions soberly and seriously. That the.pco- 
pie of South Carolina will assert their 
encc, is a fact that is known to cvery within 
the sound of my voice. And why should they not, 
if they see fit? I rcad yesterday the oath of alle- 
qiånce thatis required ofovery citizen in that State. 
When South Carolina becarno. onc of the States 
of this Union, that oath of allegiance and fealty 
to the State of South Carolina was upon her 
statute-book and in her constitution. These other 
States cönföderatcd with her, knowing that her 
citizens wet•c bound to swear allegiance to their 
own State, and obedience oniy to the Constitu- 
tiori Of the United States and of their own State. 
There was morc than this oath of allegiancc which 
thOy SWöre; 
do acknowledge the Statc of South Carolina is, and 
of right ougxllt. to be, a free, ihde.pendpni, 
and sovereign 
State. P* 
And do further sweat 
that.l will bear ftith aud true allegiance to the said State, 
euppoct, Iliaintain, 
and, to thc utenost of power, will 
and defend"— 
What? 
the freedom and indepcndenee thereof." 
With that. oath upon the record, she was ad Illit- 
ted into this Union; and it will not do now for her 
sister States, or for this ao•cnc.y of the States, that 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
December 13, 
insinuating that she sold for rnoney this properly, 
has no power except by the permission of the 
and therefore was not entitled to claim it. 
States, that exerciscs no power except by the pct- 
It was her voluntary gift. to the United States 
mission of thc States, and thul can be stripped of 
for [Pederal purposes. N,'Vhen she ceases to be 
every power by those States, to deny that the 
people of that Statc •.u•e bound to obey tlhcir oaths. one of the Unilcd States, the purposes for which. 
Rhose s',vear to obey the Constitution of thc 
United States and violate it, laugl'E at, oaths; but, 
thank God, the people amongst w110111 have 
lived, and whom represent upon this floor, have 
never dealt so lightly with their oaths. 
I say 
that n more monstrous outrage will not have becn I 
connni:t.ted in any country, thun will be commit- 
ted if this Government atleinp!s coercion in any 
it is iiupructicablc;- it is unconstitu- 
man ner. 
tional; it is revolutionary; and t,hc moment that 
this Government, through its executive, 
tiic, and judicial departments, or through any of 
them, shall deny that thesc States are sovereign, 
and shall attcrnpt to reducc one of the parties to 
tho cmnpact to the condition of a conquered prov- 
ince, such offense will be given to c very other 
State as to cause them to rally to their 
respective 
standards, and rescttc the Constitu t.ion 1110 
grasp of those who would tear it up and trample 
it under foot, 
For years past that unfortunate but gallant peo- 
ple have been misrepresented. 
has withered under thc blighting infl of the 
breath of slander, and its broad leaves have been 
like the leaves of the i'unereal cypress; but, thank I 
God, it is again spreading its branchcs to the sun, 
ands gt•een and luxuriant, it now presents itself to 
the gaze of the people of t.he thirty-three States as 
in the brightest -days of its glory. Sneers; and 
scoffs will not serve your purpose. Your c.ight.een 
million will find a gallant few who will welcorne 
she Inade the cession ceases; an(l those forts, and 
erected, 
the land upon which they have been 
should ceded back to the State. White 
I have no doubt that the 
, inuttcrs are. negotiating, 
State will stay her hand. It ean be no ofl'cnse to 
t shall 
her honor or to her dignity that the 
rnust. •rctnnin there for a moment; they must for 
they 111 ust ea,' 
they must for an 
n.eccssitate rei a week, possibiy for a month. 
'l'hcreföre, until this Government has authorita- 
lively (tellied her right, and until those t.roöps are 
fense will be to her honor, aud no violencc 
if there is an attempt, which 
(here run y not be, to strenothen 
I trust in (God 
those garrisons, or tn a moment of imprudence 
Intu')-of-war should be sent into Chat harbor. 
say 
to you that those forts will bc taken, cost it tllC 
life of c very Ilian in that State. 
Now it has to bc a fashion to speak of the 
chivalry ; "and w h Ci\l South Carolina is mentioned, 
it has fashionablc to speak in such terms 
as to indicate those men are not apt to act up 
her citizens shown 
to their words. NIVhcn Ilitvc 
lhQ1]hD0d? By the con- 
tl'lcrnsclvcs deficient 
stituttonal she agreed that this GD vern- 
crht to declare war; 
and 
ment s}' 
declared by the United States 
azaä.nst England, and in other sections of this 
made as to whether 
country questions 
marched beyond the limits of stable up to the Queen, should swear solemnly 
upon the revelation of God that they would carry 
this treaty iVito effect, and that when the ink was 
hard\y dry upon the parchment which had ren- 
dcred this oath necessary, and '.vhen all these va- 
had sworn that they would carry that treaty into 
cffect,the British Parliamerrt were to pass an act 
prohibiting every offccr and every citizen from 
executine that particular clause of the treaty ? 
J! I-Icre is perjury added to perfidy; and say to you 
that, by the Constitution of the United Slates, no 
man can sit in any Legislature unless he swears 
to obey that Constitution; and that every Black 
leo•islator who has voted for one 02' 
it? You talk about enforcing the laws! There is when red battle stamped his foot? read from 
no man who would go further for enforcing the Qlaiborne's Life of John A. Quitman', 
laws within the limits of the United States than I 
Colonel ßfrt}er., of the South Carolinians, had left his 
would; and as long as South Carolina remains in 
sick bed against the remonstrances Of his friends to lead 
the) to the combat. Early in the engagement his 
the Union, the laws should be enforced there; and 
horse was shot under him. Soon after he received a pain- 
I hazard the assertion that there wilt be no neces- 
f(li wound in the knee, •and yielded the command to Lieu- 
sity for enforcing them; they will be obeyed. -I 
Taking the palmetto flag frmn 
tenant Colone} Dickinson. 
Dickinson placed himself in 
judge that when her rninister visits this court and 
the hands of Sergeant Beggs. 
front, 'and Boggs was innnediate)y shol down. ColoncE 
presents his credentials, that State will wait until 
Bat,ler- now canie up to resi_rme -the cqnnmand, and was 
that question has been acted upon; and not until 
killed by the side of Dickinson, Nvhile standing undcr the 
her right to secede is denied, and authoritatively 
flag. Dickinson himself soon fell 'nortally wounded, (he 
died some weeks afterward,) and Major Giadden received 
denied, will she insist that the Federal troops 
it from his hands and committed it to Lieutenant Baker, 
shall be removed from those forls which she has 
who being unable from debility and exhaustion to carry it, 
ceded to the Union. 
Major Gladden placed it in thc hands of Pau•ick Leonard, 
1 regretted extremely to sec that thc President 
and led his regiment to the charge. *fis men fell kapid)Y, 
but not one wavered, from first to last, under the concen- 
of the United States 'svas laboring under a rrlisap• 
t.be whole history of war there 
tratcd lire of the enenny•. 
prehcnsi0)) as to the title by which these forts are 
has never bccn a fnore strikiuc example of indifference to 
held and the consideration for which they were 
death, the Fesult of stern ces•olve. Each man IOuubt for 
wilf not weary the 
céded to the United States. 
Several corn panies wcrc 
tliC honor of Carolina. 
annihilated. Sont(' had not men enough to bury their dead, 
Senate by reading further from the records which 
The unitörms 
01' bear their wounded to the a:nbulances. 
establish these great historical facts, but I state 
of so;nc of the ofiicers were literally torn froin then- lier- 
thiat, frot•n the declaration of independence, and a 
the color-bearers were shot down, but the flag, bathed 
son* ; 
year before it, until the year 1805, South Caro- 
in their blood, was always seized as they t•ek! and borne to 
Proudly it floated through the ternpcst ot• (teatb 
lina was the possessor of all that soil upon which 
t.he front. 
tiliti! the victory had bccu 'ivon, and then, all torn and blood- 
In she ceded, vol- 
those förts are erected. 
stained, it drooped over own ulorious dead. 
untarily, to the United States, without money and 
Inent entered the battEc with two hundred and seventy- 
without price, thosc forts, upon two conditions 
, , and when it was over it one 
three rank alid iiie 
its dead aud 
hundred and sixty ! 
It. had none anissing; 
only: that they should be kept in repair, and be 
wounded nrade up the deficiency." 
cavrisone.d by the Federal Government. pre- 
These arc the men who are denounced; these 
viously to that time, ccdcd all that terfritory, witli- 
i are the men who are. ridiculed; this is the State 
out, money and withou t price , upon which the great 
that I saw, in a Black Republican paper within 
and gallant States of Mississippi and Alabama 
, the last week, compared to onc of the counties of 
having ceded for Fed- 
have. been crect.ed. 'I<hén, 
New York, and held inferior to Brooklyn, because 
eval purposcs the land upon which these förts are 
they had not the ntunerical strength of that city ! 
erected, she appointed commissioners, aud out of 
There is a point boyond which endurance, like 
her own treasury paid for having the land sur- 
patience, ceases to be virtue. are reaching 
voycd, and, as appears from a Ict,ter from the cn- 
that point rapidly. South Carolina, pre- 
(Finect• w IID was sent therc to cxaminc the forts, 
vious!y to the Revolution, espoused Lhc quarrel of 
when this Goverrn•ncnt had not the money to rutike 
though .she suffered comparatively 
othcr States 
tho rerjairs, the citizcns of Charleston {aril y 
nothing, for she•was the favored colon v, as I said 
raised the necessary ill ordcr to have the 
yesterday—no one then complained tbat she was 
It is unfortunate that t.he Presi- 
rcpairs Ellade. 
no one then complained that she 
going too far; 
dent did not inform Ilirnself as to the facts bot•ore 
i, was precipitating a revolution. 
'i 
Now the complaint is made. Why, if shc has 
not suffered materially as other States have sut- 
fired, shalt she be debarred the poor privilege of 
vindicating her honor? Suppose that she has nct 
bccn robbed and plundcred as the border States 
J have bccn robbed and plundered: has she not bccn 
insulted? Have the black Republican States kept 
their faith or observed their oaths? Has not Legis- 
I lature after I-,egislaturo, in open violation of the 
Constitution, passed laws to prevent the recap- 
li Constitution? If a treaty of peace and amity •vvas 
entered into between Great Britainand the United 
States and in that treaty of peace it 
I were provided that fugitives from justice should 
bc delivered up on the rcspcctive demands of the 
there kept for t.hc purpose of subjugation, no of- different Governments, what would be said if, 
before the ink were dry, tl'le British Parliament 
should pass a law prohibiting the use of the jails 
of Great Britain, pass law prohibiting the sub- 
jects of Great Britain,and her oflicers, either legis- 
lativo, executive, or judicial, from carrying that 
treaty into execution ? 
1 am told that the proposition is preposterous; 
that such perfidy not bc tolcrnted; arid 
that not only the United States would declare 
war, but that, continental Europe would combine 
to blot from the map of nations a people so per- 
fidious. -M/ II y , Senators, the story is but half 
told. \Vhat you say if, after this treaty 
; was entered into between these contracting 
parties, the British Parliament, with the consent 
of tho Quecn, wore to pass a law to provide that 
every British judge, that every Inernber of Par- 
litunent, that every executive officer, from con•- 
them, as was well said the other day by the Sen- militia could 
ator from Georgia, [Mr. IVERSON,] " with bloody their respective States, South Carolina, of her 
hands to hospitable graves." You may conquer own accord, raised and equipped and put into the 
field, to cross bayonets with Gritish regu,ars, one 
them; you Inay truil palmetto ban l')er in the 
dust; but you wili never rcducc that people to II brigade, cornmanded by one who few years 
slavery. No, sir; South Carolina may be niade aa•o was a Scnator from that State. I mean Dap,iel 
Elliott Huger. W lien ti)C war broke out with 
a Drave yard of freemen, but, before God, it will 
never be the habitation of' slaves. [Manifesta- Mexico, and that Stato was called upon for a 
"eo•imcnt, she respond'ed on the instant, and made 
Lions of applause. in the galleries.) 
When you know that the citizens of that State an appropriation not only for putting her regi- 
but for uniforming them, and 
have sworn allegiance to it, and are bound, on 
ment in the field, 
their oaths, to obey thc bchests of their sovereign ; 
they went to Mexico under their own palmetto; 
when you that. that State is out of the 
they wore their State unifonns, and they were 
Union, is_therc. any sense, is therö any known as the Pakmettoes. A lid, sir, 
how did 
they discharge their duties then? Did they {hltcr 
there anv iparnaniLY, in to keep her in 
