1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
89 
President to issue them at eight, nine, ten, or ii bcr of the committee was convinced on that sub- a new grant of land for a' rond over precisely the 
whatever other per cent. rnay be necessary to pro- ject. 
duce the money. They also limit the amount to now; but these rival town-lot speculators have having seven miles of land on either Side Of the 
be issued bearing inte.rest at a higher rate than so beset their committee-room that, to get rid of road, will have seven miles in additiomto the land 
six per cent, to $3,000,000. On consultation with 
them, the committee agreed to transfer the whole procured by the Indian treaty.' That is oné Ob- 
II jectionable point in the bill. 
the Secretary of the Trcasury, it is found that i I question to the Kansas Legislature. 
this limitation of is too small; and my Mr. LOVEJOY. NVhat about lots in 
amendment is submitted for the purpose of obvi- St. Joseph ? 
ating the difficulty. It authorizes the President Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. While I have an 
of the United Slates to sell all of the Treasury interest ill the city of St. Joseph, still I have a 
notes issued under this biil, if necessary, at a laro•er interest in the town of Atchison, which is 
' to Be helped by this section. By my amendment, 
higher rate of interest than six per cent. 
The question was taken, and thc amendment I am trying to take away from the. value of' my 
I own no corner lots in Elwood, or 
to the Senate amendment was agreed to; and then 
corner lots. 
the Senate amendment, as amended, was con any other town which this road will touch. But I 
Thc nextobjectionablc feature in iti if.itshould 
bc adopted, would be the amendmeent of the hon- 
orable gentleman from Missouri [MI'.- CR-41&] 
who has just now addressed the House. It is :trüc 
there is now a railroad compléted from Hannibal 
to St. Joseph, and it is one of the main' trunk 
roads on the central line from the East to the West. 
But at the same time, it is also equally true that 
the State of Missouri and the Territot•y of Kansas 
havc continued thé road beyond St. Joseph eigh- 
teen or twenty miles, and that the railroad fröm 
Hannibal now terminates at Atchison, about fif• 
teen miles further '.vcst than St. Joseph. There, 
curred in. 
LAND GRANT TO KANSAS—AGAIN. 
The SPEAKER. The House will now resume 
the consideration •of the Kansas railroad bill, 
which 'evas informally laid aside to take up the i 
amendments of the Senate to the Trcasury note 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, we 
have spent in public lands and in money out of 
the State treasury of Missouri, about $15,000,000 
to build two railroads to the boundary (if Kan- 
sas. One of these railroads is finished and 
business to the Kansas line. We ask no interest 
in the public lands in Kansas. All we do ask is, 
.that we shall have the same accommodations there 
in their lands that thev have in ours. All we ask 
is, that a Jine of roaa running fifteen hundred 
miles west, and terminating on the bank of the 
Missouri river, at the city bf St. Joseph, 
lnay be 
extended th rough Kansas precisely in the direction 
son Valley rcgions. This road terminates within 
one mile ofa strai=llt due-east line fronl Denver 
City; and it is believed, as near as the 
inaps now 
show it, that that lil'le, if extended duo west, v;ould 
run williin one 01' two In iles of Genoa, in 
Valley. I ask a l) y who advocates this 
can thc gentleman Crom Illinois say as much for 
t.he men who, I know, have beset this Hall and 
thc committee-room ? 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I can gay nothing for them; 
but I can say that it strikes mc that it will be safe fore, if the amendment of the gentleman -from 
to leave the disposition of this land and the loca- rv_'lissouri vtere to be carried, Congress would be 
tion of this road to the Legislature of Kansas; 
appropriating land to build a road, fifteen miles 
and it does not strike me as being right that Mis- of which is already built by individual capital 
souri should arrange the matter for Kansas. 
and enterprise. And all this for the single and 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Missouri docs not simple purpose of giving an advantage t.o the town 
wish to arrange anything för Kansas: but I put of St. Joseph as the beginning point of the•road; 
it to thc gentleman from Illinois if he docs not ii for all know that Elwood is little more than a 
know that Kansas bas becn benefited by the sand-bar opposite to St. Joseph, When the cit- 
$9,000,000 which wc havc spent in luaking a road izcns of Missouri and of Kansas have, with their 
, and whether we should not have own capital, extended this road miles fur- 
to their border 
some benefit of their money? 
ther west, what sense propriety would there 
'I'he road must start from one of the two towns be in appropriating land to render their labor and 
of Atchison or Elwood, and no olhcr point of capital valueless by building another road parallel 
•l departure is talked of; and the gentleman from with it. Take down the map and look at it, and 
Illinois knows that, to start the road frcnn Atchi- you find that the Missouri river, from the town 
son, vou havc got to go down by the Platte of St. Joseph to the town of Atchison, flows 
of the gold fields of the Pike's Peak and thc Car- country road to a point opposite that point, and substantially west; and you will also sce that the 
there transfer your passcncrcrs and freight, after railroad runs parallel With the river. Atchison, 
i I riding only twenty-two miles upon that road, to according to my computation, is at least fifteen 
this projected road for Kansas. Gcntlcmcn know rnilcs farther west than St. Joseph, and the map 
that the amend nient is intended for the benefit of will Ibcar me out. What reason, 
then, should 
the public; that the section, as it now stands, will prompt us to grant lands to build two roadN par- 
throw us into tl)0 Kansas Legislature, where allel with cach other. The proposition, too, bc- 
comes more objectionable when we remember that 
bill reported by the committec, 'o get up herc Leavenworth, Quindaro, Wyandotte, Atchison, 
will go into a general scramble. . Atchison is a t0i,vn of Kansas, in which these 
and Elwood, 
and give a single good reason for thc road cross- 
ing the Missouri river at any other point than at A nd while I have no reflection to make upon the lands arc proposed to be granted, and St. Joseph 
rail- _Kansas Legislature which inay be electe(å, I Say isa town of Missouri which should have no more 
the terminus of the Hannibal and St. Joseph 
to say in the starting point of these roads than any 
that no gentleznan upon the committee or 
I know that gentlemen rnay up o.nd ao•ain, 
town in any other St.ate. And in addition, It 
state that the Kansas Legislature will-do in 
off of it can '-rive half as good a reason for start- 
ing this road at any other point as I have given woul(l not be doing justice to the citizens of Mis- 
this matter; bat I beo• the House to recollect that 
terniinus ot• the present souri and Kansas, who have exhibited commend- 
there bc combinations in that Legislature a:} 
for startuvr it frorn the 
able zeal and patriotism in the construct.ion of this 
and St. Joseph railroad. 
well as in other places—that rival points unay finished annibal 
. valuable extension of the Hannibal and St. Joseph 
N'! r. MON'I*GOMERY. I rise for the purpose 
combine in that Leøislat.uu•o and do wrono• to the 
It has been dono in other places; and it of movino• a reference of this bill back to tbc railroad. 'I'hcse are some of my objections to 
public. 
this bill and the amendments. And, with ail re- 
I think the bill in 
IS no slay)der upon thc Kansas Legislature t') say Cmnmittcc on Public Lands. 
its prcscnt form is highly objectionable, and spcct to the gentleman from NLissouri, I consider 
that such combination may be formed in ICan- 
think the arnendmcntof tbc gentleman fron'l Mis- i them good and substantial reasons. Y ct the gen- 
sas. 
I ask tho gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. VANDE- ii souri [Nil'. CRAIG] would not Innke it bctter, but I 
tleman informs us that nobody could give such 
VER,] who reported this bill, M/ h y it is 
the 
committee can nan)e all absolute connection With ili 
the Pacific railroad at the mouth of the Kansas 
river? Why is it that they can nan')0 an absolute 
point for tbc starting of the Leavenworth road? 
Why do t.hey not nmno the terminus of the Han- 
niba[ and St. Joseph railroad as the absolute 
starting point for this road? I know that the 
I 
gentleman from Iowa has examined the map. 
have it now upon rny desk. 
I can show any gen- 
t\eman of this House, who does not own a corner 
lot anywhere along that river, that this project is 
intended, not by the committee—that thc sccti0\'1, 
as it now stands, is intended—to force the thou- 
sands of travelers and the thousands of freights 
twenty-two miles down the Missouri river after 
it stri Ices that, river and before it crosses and starts 
westward. That twenty-two miles has to be 
overcome to get back upon the line going to Den- 
more than twenty-two miles has to be overcorne, 
for Fort Kearny is to the north evcn of the point 
I am ready to be 
proposed by my amendment. 
rather worse. Durino• the last winter, as I l_.1Ddcr- reasons. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
I did not say no- 
stand, a treaty ',vas concluded with the ll.)dian 
tribes upon onc of the reservations between the body could give a good reason. 
I said nobody 
who docs not own town-lots in Atchison. 
1 ask 
town of Leavcnworth and the town of Lawrence, 
bv which a portion of land was granted for build- 
the gentleman if he comes within that category ? 
I'vlr. MONTGOMERY. is true, as the gen- 
ing a railroad from Leavenworth over substan- . 
tially the samc route mentioned in the bill reported 
tlcman suggests, that a small part of the small 
by the Committee on Public Lands. Thcrefore, property I own is in the -town of Atchison; butt 
if this bill pass, you will grant to Leavenworth cannot see how that affects the force of argu- 
a double grant of land. First, she will take land ment. my argument is correct, it matters noth- 
ing whether I own some littlö property in Atchi- 
under the treaty, and then under the provisions 
I trust, Mr. Speaker, I um not 
son or not. 
of this bill. 
M r, PARROTT. Will thc gentlelnan allow actuated by any personal interest in this matter 
I claim higher and purer motives as the moving 
mc to inten•rmnpt hill) ? 
cause of my interest in the proper settlement of 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Certainly. 
rl"he gentleman has made a this question. 
Suspicious men are always to 
Mr. PARROTT. 
mistake in the assertion which hc has just made. be suspected ; " 
so, at least, runs the old tidage. 
The treaty which passed the Senato last winter, Tried b" that. rule, the gentleman from Missouri 
provided that the railroad cm•npany in Kansas would 110t be frec from suspicion. For, he not 
vet City or Fort Kcarn.y. if to Fort Kcarny. should have a certain quantity of land only by orlly• seems to suspect me, but hc even charges 
buying it at an appraised valuation. 
the Cornn-jittec on Public Lands with reporting 
this bill against their convictions of duty, and 
•I MONTGOMERY. But at only a 
against the justice in the case, merely to get rid 
inal valuation, as the ecntleman well knows. 
' ! of the clamors of the lobby. I do not believe it. 
cross-exu.rnined by any o:cntlcman who advocates Mr. PA R ROT T. And if they do not bnv them, 
they will have. no right in that reservation, for The gentleman is rnistaken. In his zeal to ad- 
this section that om try incr to have stricken out. 
this bill gives them none. So t.he gentleman is vancc thc interest of his town, he has forgotten 
I ask any gentletnan who advocates this section 
as it now stands, to "ive this House a sinole mistaken in both his statcn•jents•, in the first place, l} thc courtesy of debate. 
In the. name of the com- 
I know nothing 
that this bill gives them any land at ali in the res- ii mittce, I scout thc insinuation. 
reason aside from that given by the gentleman 
His reason is the true reason. 'I'he ervation; and in the second place, that the treaty of the perso)'k•; who pressed this matter on the 
from Iowa. 
tention of the committee; I am sure I never did. 
committee desired to oct rid of the importunities gave them anv land. 
of the lobby. Thero is not ameknber of the Com- i! Mr. MOENTGOM.ERY. T am not mistaken in I ncver spoke to thern on the subject while the 
It is true the railroad company bill was in their hands. Can the gentleman from 
mittce on Public Lands who will say—I defy any the main facts. 
the information t.hat is to pay anominal price for lhc lands which lhcv • Missouri say as much ? 
one of them to say—" 
It is a poor compliment to the intelligence and 
they have had, that that road 10 cross the receive under the Indian treaty, for the purpose 
intern•it.y of the comrnitteeto make such charges 
any other point than the one of building the railroad; but the price is only nom- 
N/'lissmn•i river 
tuyainst them; and it, is poor compliment to the 
inal; and if passes this bill, they make 
I believe every )ncm- 
nun-led in In y amendine.nt. 
