90 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 13, 
entleman here, who knows as much about it as 
intelligence of this House, to urge no stronger 
do, who will get up here and state that there is 
argument to: sustain his amendment that certain 
peltsons who give substantial reasons against it, any road eighteen miles west of the city of St. 
I Joseph. 
it is not an exten- 
It is all in Missouri; 
own property in Atchison. 
The gentleman insinuates, by his question , that 
the fact that I own property in Atchison should 
influence my argu ment. 'Chat is an unfortunate 
position for the gentleman to assume, He has 
told us that Atchison was likely to secure the 
Legislature of Kansas to fix that as the starting 
point of this road; therefofe, if I desired to advance 
the •Value Of my corner lot," and if my conduct 
were influenced by such a motive, I should not be 
found opposing the bill. According to his own 
l, who 
showing, am acting against my interest. 
own town-lots in Atchison, am moving to recom- 
mit the bill to the Comniittee of Public Lands, al- 
though it would advance the valuc of my prop- 
erty. The honorable gentleman, deeply interested 
in corner and other lots in the town of St. Josepll, 
is advocating the passage of this bill with amend- 
ments directly favoring his •own personal inter- 
est's and the interests of his town. 
If I were to believe that the gentleman was in- 
fluenced by such motives, I would find a ready 
solution of the very great number of measures 
brought into this House intended to benefit St. 
Joseph. There does not arise a single bill in 
which St. Joseph can be interested, or where an i 
amendment can make her so, but the gentleman 
proposes that the name of St. Joseph bé inserted. 
I"here is not a proposal to build a military road, I 
or a railroad, orio dig a canal, but the gentlernan 
assures us that St. Joseph should be the starting 
point for: it. No matter where a mail route is to 
terminate, it is sure to start from St. Joseph. 
I 
saw, in the New York Herald of this morning, 
that the Committee on the Post Office and Post 
Roads•were about to propose arn ottrland mail 
route; which, as usual, is to start from St. Jo- 
seph, although the fact is notorious that the mail 
is carried on railroad frotil St. Joseph to Atch-• 
ison, and is started from Atchison on Its overla•nd 
;ourney. Now, L .do not object to this zeal and 
industry on the pqrt of the honorable gentleman 
to serve his own imnncdiate constituents; nor do 
believe he is influenced by the increased value 
attached to his corncr lots because of the passage 
of these public measures. But I do think that he 
Sion of-the Hannibal and St. Joseph railroad. It 
is a separate raili•oad, under a separate charter, 
and owned by a separate company. 
Mr. PARROTT. Mr. Speaker, 1 am very 
much surprised that my friend from Pennsyl- 
vanitt, after I have corrected him, should still 
persist in the erroneous declaration that the, bill 
now pending before the House could give to the 
Leavenworth interest a double share of the pub- 
lic lands. 
I Chink my explanation was patent to 
the comprehension of other persons, if not to his 
own, that this bill does not give to a railroad com- 
pan y any of the Delaware lands at all where the 
gentleman says that it gives them fourteen miles 
upon each side of the road. I say now, that it does 
not give them a single foot of this land. Why ? 
Because the bill confines the lands appropriated 
to railroad purposes to such lands as the United 
States own. It must be obvious, from the very 
nature of the case, that the United States can ap- 
propriato no lands for railroad or other purposes 
which do not belong to the United States; and the 
Delaware Indian reservation,on which the gentle- 
man from Pennsylvania has arrain asserted that 
seven miles uponeach side of the road will be given 
to a railroad company, belongs to the Indians, and 
cannot be infringed upon, except by some treaty 
regulation. Now, what are tbc facts? 'i'hc facts 
are, that a treaty has been ratified IJY tbc Senate, 
by which a certain incorporated railroad com- 
pan y in the 'I'cn•itory of Kansas shall have the 
privilege, the exclusive privilege, of buying of 
these Delaware Indians a certain designated quan- 
tity of their lands at an appraiscd valuation. 'That 
appraisement is now about beinrr made, and will 
be submitted to the Indian, or rather to t.E-lC Inte- 
rior Department of the Government; and if rati- 
lied, the company then will have the option of 
• taking the lands at that appraisement or of dc- 
clining to take them. But it is obvious, sir, t 
in cither event this bill docs not o-ive to the rail- 
road cornpany any of this land whatever. 
If they 
take it they pay fbr it, and if they do not pay for 
it they do not get it. 
Now, sir, ask what becomes of the assertion 
ought at least to bd charitable to others; and that of the gentleman from Pennsvlvania? I l)rcslnne 
ho ought not -to impute motives which he would i that he is a disintcrcsted man; although the facts 
do not look exactly that way, for it håppcns that 
not desire to have imputed to himself. 
As an additional reason why this bill should the gentleman hås placed himself in an attitude 
be referred back to the Committee on Public that looks at least very suspicious on this qncs- 
Lands, wish to remind thc I-louse chat the ccnnw lion of railroads, having acted upon the. Comniit- 
rnittec tun•eed to report the bill last session. Since tee on Public Lands at the last. session of Con- 
t.hcn—in the morit,h of October last 
-—a railroad gross, and tho vacation of Congress, 
eon vention of thc pcople of the rperr.itot•y of Ran- 
before any bill had been franked, visited thc Ter- 
of Kansas, and acquired an interest in cer- 
sas was held at 'l'opeka. All the counties which 
are orffanized, I believe, were represented. And tain points there, and then come back at the short 
they there a«rreed on a sched ule roads, to which 
"I.'his fore, this assertion, with other assertions, to the 
they would ask Congress to lands. 
schedule is very from bill before us. 
unreasoning fanaticisrn which we all know is in- 
think thc people of Kansas should be heard. 
spircd by local interests.. The gentleman may not 
The. y know best what roads the pu welfare re- 
be conscious of it. I do not say that he is; but he 
quires. And when the c.otnrnittee havo t.his mat- 
has indulged in so Inany and such great errors 
that I am bound to believe, in charity, that he is 
ter befbre tl'lmn again, they can consider tl')is rne- 
inorial of the railroad convent.if)n. 
r I'he yoice of misled by his prejudice, and is not under the. con- 
seventy thousand people is entitlcd to a respect- I 
trol ofa calm rcason in using these, expfessions. 
grants for this purpose. The other convention 
indorsed this bill. 
I state now, Mr. Speaker, as a matter that ought 
to weigh with members in considering this ques- 
tion, that no protest against this bill has been 
placed in my hands, no memorial has been for- 
warded to me; and I state further, that consider- 
ing generally the interests of the people, consider- 
ing the great advantages which the present passao e 
of this bill would afford to them, I deem it to be 
just to the whole interests of the Territory that 
the bill in its pcesent shape should pass, rather 
than that this session should close xvithout the 
passage of any bill whatever. 
In regard to the argument submitted to tho House 
by my friend from St. Joseph , with his charactcr- 
eal and fervor for St. Joseph, I have only 
thi to say: that two rival points on the Missouri 
river in Kansas, pressing for the eastern terminus 
of a t•ailroad, were unable to agree. The commit- 
tce could not decide between Atchison and Elw•ood. 
They offered to give to ca.ch of thcsc places a 
branch; both branches to unite in a common trunk, 
and then pursue the way harmoniously to tho west- 
ern terminus. -With that sort of selfish feeling— 
and I do not say it in any offbnsive sense—which 
characterizes rival towns, they mutually declined 
the proposition; and then the committee, for the 
purpose of settling this point of rivalry between 
these two towns, determined to refer the question 
to the Kansas Legislature, where , in my judgruent, 
it rightfully belones. It is true that Missouri has 
built railroads to - her vv•estcrn border; but it is 
likewise true that she built them with no intention 
to benefit the people of the Territory. They have 
been built there because it was the interest of 
Missouri that they should be. built there. They 
were built or projected long before the Territory 
was orcyanized; long before the routes of trade 
and travel in thc Territory had been marked out; 
and simply on the consideration that it was for the 
advantage and interest of the State of Missouri 
so to build it. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. TYVill not the 
correct tho staternent which he has just 
made, that those roads were built or projected be- 
forc the routes of trade and travel in the Territory 
had boen marked oat? 1 can show the gentleman 
that my propositi on would make the road go where 
trade and travel have gone för forty years. 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. 1 desire to ask the 
gentleman from Kansas a question. 
Mr. PARROTT. 1 yield for that purpose. 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. 1 desire the 
xnan to infonn thc House how far Atchison is 
w•est of St. Joseph ? 
Mr. PARROTT. 1 am notable to answer that 
question . 
I do not own any property in St. 
Joseph or Atchison. 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Is not Atchison about 
session prepared to frame a bill. I attribute, the.rc- fi(tcen milcs west of St. Joseph, in a straight line? 
fill consideration; and I trust the bill will be re- 
'rhe gentleman has averred 
Onc more. 
{bat there is a division of public opinion in the 
ferred bak)k to the cotnmittee. 
I 'Eerritory of Kansas respecting this bill. 
Mr. PARROTT obtained the floor. 
the attention of the House wlii\e'l explain that 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The gentleman 
froin Kansas will allow me a minute to correct a matter. It is true that a coli vention of the people i 
misapprehension on the part- of geullc•xnan of the 'I'crritory was summoned in thc auturrll'i of 
from Pennsylvania, in order that the I-louse may this year for the purpose of expressing an opin- 
not be misled by his statement. 
1 desire to say ion u a system of railroads to be submitted to 
that thero is not. one inch of railroad Inade on the 
r That convention met; but preliminary I 
Cono•ress•. 
soil of Kansas, except a few miles, now in rau- 
to any proceedings, and upon a question of rep- I 
ning order—but six miles Wilh the cars running, 
resentation—to wit: whether the counties should 
and fourteen or fifteen miles ready for the. cors pacf-i bc entitled, irrespective of their population, 
and iron—upon the very line that, my amendment to onc or two delegates. or whether they sli0üld 
calls for. When the gentl(hnan says that a rail- 
' be represented according to their population—the 
road has been finished eighteen miles west of the conver:tion divided; divided, as I understand, 
citv of St. Joseph, he states what he knows 
about equally. Onc convention formed its pro- 
r)0thing about, 
and what is absolutely true. o•ramnuo and the seceding porli0Yl fortned a dif- 
Hc does not intend to makc a misstatement, I programme. 
But the difference existinff 
between the two programmes was simply this: 
know; but ho does not kl'losv what he is talking 
about. [Laughter.] We of Missouri have made i that one convention demanded that the roads 
Mr. PARROTT. cannot answer the ques- 
tion. 
I do not know. 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. well, is Atchi- 
son considerably west of St. Joseph ? 
Mr. PARROTT. It is further west. 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. well, is there not a 
railroad from St. Joseph to Atchison ? 
Mr. PARROTT. There is. 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Then, the I-louse may 
know who is right. 
Mr. PARROTT. 1 deem it a fair proposition 
to all parties concerned, that a State for which 
you are carvinff out lines of railroads should, on 
all disputed questions, where its citizens or Rep- 
resentativcs in Washin«rton cannot agree on what 
is just and fair betwccn all portions of the Ter- 
ritory, have reforej'lcc to the Legislature as the 
final arbiter. The disputed question should be 
referred to the highest representative body of the 
people—the Legislature of the future State. That 
proposition seems to me to bc a fair one. It seems 
to mc to be the only one by which this question 
can be fairly and equitably adjustcd;forl am cer- 
tain that if the House of Representatives, with its 
linoited knowledge of the subject, should undertake 
to amend this bitl so as to satisfy the demands of 
conflicting local interests, tl-iey would never be 
able to perfü)t any bill. They would be lost in 
a railroad in both directions from the city of St. should be put in this bill, which the Committee the perplexed and contradictory statements of 
on Public Lands had previously, upon ar(rurncnt thosc on this floor who are urging the demands 
Joseph on our own soil, one running up the 1Mis- 
of local interests. 
sourl river, and the other running down the Mis- and consideration, rejected—rejected f?n• the rea- 
I try to separate myself as far 
souri river on the Missouri side, passin« a point 
son that they would hc in excess of the lands due as possible, from any local interest I have. 
I am, 
opposite the town of Atchison. But there is no. to the Territory under 
the precedents in *and for one, ill the situation 01 a man who ought to 
