1860. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
91 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 believe now, Mr. 
be entirely impartial; owning nothing in any of 
the points in controversy. I try to speak all Speaker, that I have the floor, and I desire to ask 
the people. 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Docs not the 
man ox,vn corner lots in Leavenworth ? 
Mr. PARROTT. 1 decline to yield to 
I say that this bill 
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
makes a fair and equitable location of the through 
routes in the Territory. One thing more. The 
policy of granting lands to aid in the construction 
of railroads is now, I think, about twenty years 
old. Almost every new State in the Union has 
been thus benefited in the outset of its career as 
a State. The development of the country is thus 
secured. And besides, it rnust be understood, 
Mr. Speaker, that the Government does not give 
these lands t.o States or Territories as a gratuity. 
'J'here are two considerations in the matter. One 
of them is the fact that t.he Government requires 
double the amount to be paid for the alternate 
sections, so.that it receives as much for half the 
land as it would otherwise have received for the 
whole. The second consideration is, that Con- 
«rress requires the State receiving these grants to 
relinquish her power of taxation over the public 
lands. I admit that this is a doubtful power; but 
nowadays, When the decision of the Dred Scott 
case is considered as good authority by -my Dom- 
ocratic friends, I must say that the posver of a 
Stato to tax the public lands is afiirlned in that 
decision. It is important, therefore, when you 
come to consider the subject in an economical 
point of view, that the Slates should surrender 
such power, whether the power bc certain or 
whether it be doubtful. Ellherefore it is a consid- 
cration operatincron the minds of Representatives 
in making these donations of land, which cost 
nothing, which take nothing fron•l the gross stun 
what is the question before the House? 
i tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. MONTGOMERY,] 
that the bill be recommitted to the Committee on 
Public Lands. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. well, sir, 1 yester- 
day offered an amendment, which is now pond- 
ing, and upon which I desire to be heard by the 
House. 
The SPEAKER. The question is open to de- 
bate, as the Chair understands. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 would suggest that, if 
the I-louse declines to recommit the bill to the 
Committee on Public Lands it will then be in 
order for tho gentleman from Indiana to explain 
his amendrneut. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that 
the bill is now open to debate. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 called the previousques- 
tion upon the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair had given the 
floor to the gentleman from Indiana before the 
gentleman from Iowa called the previous question. 
The gentleman from Ind iana is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 ask the to 
read my amendinent. 
'The Clerk read tho amendment. It. adds a pro- 
vision to the bill that there bc granted to the 'l'er- 
ritory or future State of Nebraska alternate scc- 
tions of the public lands, to the same extent and 
! in the same manner and upon the same tcrms, 
conditions, and limitations, in every respect what- 
ever, as is by the preceding sections of the bill 
granted to the Territory of Kansas, to aid in the 
construction of the following railroads: a railroad 
from sonac eligiblc point on the west bank of the 
received, and which, at tbc same time, inauce Missouri n ver, north of the mouth of the Platte 
the States to surrender a power which, if exer- 
cised, would fall heavily on the. revenues of the 
I hope, now, Mr. Speaker, that 
Unit.od Statcs. 
other States which have been for twenty years 
sitting and feasting at the table, and have got all 
they want in the M,ray of appropriations for pub- 
lic. lands, are not about to set a selfish and, in my 
judgment, pusillanililous example of kicking the 
table over because they got cnough'i I "hopc 
this policy will still receive the assent of members 
of tho House of Representatives, and that the 
, in its present shape, shall be passed by the 
House. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 ask the gentleman 
Kansas to yield to mc for a momel'lt. 
Mr. PARROTT. Certainly. 
I pronosc to terminate 
Mr. VANDEVER. 
this discussion; but before doing that, I simply 
desire to make the stiff(yost.ion that, at an ilnport- 
ant crisis likc the present, when matters of great 
moment are pressing upon us for oar considera- 
tion. it does not become bers of the Ameri- 
can Congress to sit here and wrangle about the 
startino• point of a railroad. A controversy OL 
this kind onght to be settled in' five minutes' time. 
think, fro ku all that has transpired, that the truth 
of theqdeclaration which I made in the outset is 
namely: that the action of the com- 
establi c 
mitteeil •cgard to this matter has been incumbellt 
on them by reason of these conflicting interests in 
town lots on the banks of the Missouri river. The 
committee are totally indifferent to these rival 
river, so as to connect as nearly as practicable 
with the Mississippi and Missouri river-railroad; 
thence into and along the valley of said Platte 
river, via New Fort Kearny, to t.he western bound- 
ary of said Territory; a railroad from some 
cligible point on the Missouri river, so as to ccm- 
nect as ncarly as practicable with the Burlington 
and Missouri river railroad; thence westwardly, 
to intersect the above-named road ator near New 
Fort Kearny; a railroad from some cligible point 
on the west bank of the Missouri river, so as 
to connect as nearly as practicable with what- 
ever railroad, having a n•rant of lands from the 
Government of the United States, rnay be located 
th rough the State of Iowa, terminatincr on the 
near the par- 
river, at or 
allel of north latitude; in a southwesterly 
course to intersect the first-named road at or near 
the Loupe Fork river; and a railroad from some 
i eligible point on the Missouri river, 
at or near 
the mouth of the Sioux river, so as to connect as 
nearly as practicable with the Dubuque and Sioux 
thence to, and up and along the 
City railroad ; 
Nebraska river, or any other eligible routc, to 
intersect with the first-named road at or near Fort 
Laramie. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. With the permis- 
Sion of the gentleman from Indiana, I desire to 
ask the Delegate from Kansas a question. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I will yield for that 
pu rposc. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 desire to know 
from the gentleman from Pennsylvania if he did 
resenting the Tetritory Kansas; but. 
nevertheless answer the gentleman 's -question•.: 
„am interested in the city of Leavenworth $0 the 
extent of two lots, which are- not valuable 
and which •I will be glad to dispose of td the gen- 
tlemai) at a good deal less Ithan• they cost 
ears amo. One word more. - I desire to say;thät 
I am not actuated, in my advocacy of this 'bill, 
by any property interest which I possess in the 
city of Leavenworth, oruin the Territory of 
sas. Any such interest which I 'haie- is : hardly 
large enough to be worth influencing my opinion 
upon any question, much less upon a question Of 
so .much magnitude and importaupe as: the- -one 
involved in this bill. 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. One word more. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana.' I cannot yield fur• 
I intend to detain the House but a moa 
ment. Before I proceed with. an explanation of 
my amendment, I shall make one remark in 
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who•, 
as I understood him, intimated that the course 
pursl.ted by thc Comrnittee on Public Lands had' 
been changed by the operation of -outside inflqa 
ence. 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. 1 beg the 
I made no such allusion. do not be" 
pardon. 
lieve the committee have been influenced by nny 
such cause. The remark to which the gentleman 
refers fell, I think, from the gentleman from Mis- 
souri, [Mr. CRAIG.] I repudiate the charge. I 
care not what outside influence.may be brought 
to bear, it would not swerve me for a moment, 
nor do i believe it would swerve any member of 
the cmnmittee from the course he deemed proper 
to pursue. 
[A messao•o was received from the Senate, by 
Mr. HycRF.v, their Chief Clerks informing the 
House. that the Senate had agreed to the amend- 
ment of this House to the second amendment of 
the Sanate to the bill of the House authorizing 
the issuing of 'llreasury notes, and for other pur- 
poses.] 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am very glad' to 
learn that I ',vas mistaken in asci•ibing the remark 
to which I alluded to the gentleman from Penn- 
sylvania. I accept his disclaimer with pleasure. 
Mr. Speaker, I have presented an mnendrnent 
to this bill By the order and direction of the Come 
mittee on Public Lands. 
It proposes to grant to 
the rrerritory of Nebraska alternate sections of 
the public lands for the purpose of constructing 
four railroads; the main-trunk road commencin& 
at Omaha City, or some other point on the West 
II bank of the 1Missouri river, and running up along 
the line of the Platte river, to the western bound- 
I ary of the Territory of Ncbraska. The other 
three roads are each to conunence at sorne eligible 
point on the western bank of the Nlissouri river, 
and connect with the main-trunk railroad at some 
point between the Missouri river and its tcrm- 
inus on the western boundary of the Terri.to_ry. 
There is no controversv of interest in the Terri- 
tory of Nebraska as to the roads it is proposed 
to aid in that Territory; there is perfect unanimity 
and good feeling there, no conflict •whatever. 
I r I'hese roads are-each one of them to connect with 
roads now in process of construction westerly 
through the State of Iowa. 
In reference to a. Pacific railroad, -which has 
several times been mentioned in connection with 
this bill, I will say that I believe no simple bill 
claims; and if they could have avoided thein by 
fixing the starting point at a distance from any of not ask the gentleman from Kansas whether 01' for the construction of a railroad to the Pacific 
not lie owned or had an interest in corner lots in can ever be passed by this House and this Con- 
them, i believe they wouid have gladly recom- 
t gress; and I believe that the only way by which 
the city of Leavenworth? 
mended such a course to thc House. 
ihe Atlantic and western States will bc ever con- 
The proposition of the gentleman from.Penn-4i Mr. MONTGOMERY. 1 did. 
nected with the Pacific coast by railroad, will be 
did not hear an 
sylvania is to refer this bill back to the Commit-i Mr. SiMlTI-I, of Virginia. 
tee on Public Lands, there to have this contro- answer to that question; and I now desire to by granting land in limited quantities, by grant- 
ing land in alternate. secticnos, to tho 'Territories, 
versy revived. No good can be accomplished by repeat the interrogatory, the gentleman 
such a proceeding. The bill is now before the from Kansas does not own corner lots in the city to construct, link by link, such a road as the 
wants of thc country through which it is to pass 
Elouse, and [ propose that the House shall itself of Leavenworth, in tbe Territory of Kansas? 
require. In this way, and in this way alone, this 
If the House is disposed Mr. PARROTT. I have no corner lots in 
settle this controversy 
great thoroughfare will be constructed, until the 
to vote favorably on this proposition to appropri- Leavenworth or any city in Kansas, that I know of. 
last link in the chain has been completed. 
ate lands to aid, I believe, in the construction of i! Nfr. SN'IITH, of Virginia. My object in ask- 
a great Pacific railroad across this continent on ing the question was to show that the gentlemen As an original question, I would not, perhaps, 
who takc so much interest in the location of those. be in favor of granting the lands of the Govcrn- 
such plan as shall obviate the necessity of appro- 
priating money fi•om the public Treasury, let roads are more or lese affected by them in their 
them pass this bill noW. I hope, Mr. Speaker, personal interests. 
that the motion of the gentleman from Mr. MONTGOMERY. to ask 
vania will not prevail, to refer the matter back to II t leman from Kansas whether hc is not interested 
the Committee on Public Lands, but that the in tho city of Leavenworth or thecontiguous coun- 
House will act upon the matter now. simply I try? 
JM r. PARRO'I"T. i regard the question as 
rose for thc purpose of calling the previous ques- 
simply irrelevant. [Laughter..] I atn here rcp- 
tion on his motione recomrnib. 
ment for the benefit of any x.•vork of intcrnal im- 
provement; bitt it has become the settled -policy 
, of the Government that lands are to be granted 
as they nave .been, over and over again; to aid in 
thc construction of railroads and canals. 
before me a table prepäi•ed at the Land Offce, 
showing the amount of lands which have been 
granted by the Government for the purposes of 
