1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
93 
down the previous question, if the gentleman I that sale has been consummated by the Superin- away; and this House is asked, under, these dir„ 
tendent of Public Printing, and ratified, as far as cumstances, to place in the hands of his süb-cori- 
insists upon it. 
Mr. HASKIN. I have no disposition to cut it can be, by the action of the Committee on 
off debate, and I waive the previous question for I Printing for the two Houses of Congress. 
1, like 
the gentleman from Illinois, understand that the 
the present. 
Mr. McCLERNAND If I understand the price paid, or agreed to be paid, by the Govern- 
report of' the committee, the communications ac- ment for that printing establishment, is #135,000. 
companying the resolution, and the explanation il I am also informed that that office was offered by 
made by the gentleman from New York, the res- responsible parties in this city $80,000. I-am 
olution proceeds upon the assumption that Mr. li also informed that it is not, in deed and in truth, 
worth more than $40,000; and that the materials, 
Ford, the Public Prmter of the House, is not here, 
the printing presses, the type, and the fixtures 
and will not resume the performance of his duties 
as Printer of this body. If that assumption is i belonging to that printing establishmentare totally 
unfounded, of course the resolution ought not to unsuited and unfit for the purposes for which they 
If that 
have been purchased by the Government. 
pass. As to the point whether that assumption 
ts true, I understand that Mr. Ford is detained office is not worth Inore t.han $40,000, it is to me 
surprising—passing strange that it should have 
from the city by sickness; that he will, however, 
be in this city on or before Saturday next, pre- li been purchased with such hot haste. And now 
pared to perform his duties as Public Printer of I we are called upon to authorize the Superintend- 
this body. There is, therefore, no necessity for 
the adopt.ion of the resolution at present, if ihere 
should be any for its adoption hereafter. Such 
public printing as is indispensable for the House, 
now being executed, as I understand, by Mr. 
Bowman, the Printer of the Senate. Heisable not 
only to execute all printing which is necessary 
to the current proceedings of the Hot-tse, but' he 
is prepared to do any additional printing which 
is required, until we have more light upon this 
I do not know whether or not this proposition 
ent of Public Printing to go on and let out the 
printing for this House by contract, without first 
I declaring the ofiice of Printer of the House va- 
cant. Sir, I do not understand this thing. It 
it may be all honest; it may be 
may bc all fair; 
all right; but from the information I have received 
I have my suspicions, and hence I intend to offer 
a resolution by which we will be enabled to in- 
vestigate, and if possible probe this rnatter to its 
I want to know why it is that the 
very bottom. 
Government is to pay $135,000 for a printing cs- 
tablishment which in reality is only worth $40,000, 
is part and parcel of the sale and purchase of the and which has been offered for $80,000. 
estabiishment0fMr. Wendell. 1 understand that II Mr. McCLERNAND. With the permission 
of my friend from Kentucky, I will state that 
the Superintendent of Public Printing has pur- 
the agent of Mr. Ford has this moment placed in 
chased the establishment of Mr. Wendell at the 
my hand a dispatch to the following effect; 
price of $135,000, although the same establish- 
ment, I am informed, was offered for sale last 
s' I hope to be ablc to reach there [meaning Washington] 
on Saturday." 
year for $80,000, and when, in fact, it is not worth 
$40,000. The materials, as i understand, are That dispatch has been placed in my hands by 
worn out; the building is not fire-proof, and the the agent o? Mr. Ford, who also informs me 
machinery is not of the most improved kind, h that lie has made temporary arrangements for House Printer, to enable him to come -here and 
tractors greater advantagis than they would have 
under the terms of their contract. Let them be 
made to comply with their contract with the 
House Printer It-he can make them do it; 4nd if 
not, then it will be for us to provide some other 
way of having the printing done. 
After the 4th of March next, under a law which 
Congress passed last session, the Government- iB 
to do its own printing. Now, I am opposed to 
making any change between. this time and that; 
unless you repeal that portion of the act which 
fixes the 4th of March. 
If it will be right for 
the Government to do its own printing-then, and 
we find Ourselves unable to get the work done 
now, let us begin now to have the printing done 
by the Governiüent. YVhat objection is there to 
starting it now, if it is necessary to make a chay cre, 
instead of throwing the whole burden and trouble 
and expense upon the Housc Printer, to the ad- 
vantage of his sub-contractors? I can see no 
justice in that way of doing business, or in that 
way of treating the employés of the Government. 
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speakcr; the gentleman 
who represents the Committee on Printing pro- 
poscs, in consequence of the absence of the House 
Printer, and out of consideration for him, not to 
move a resolution declaring the omce vacant; but 
he does move a resolution which takes from him, 
until the expiration of his term, every particle of 
the work which he is entitled by law to do. The 
effect of his resolution is either to deprive the 
House Printer of his office entirely, or to subject 
thc Government to action by him for damages in 
consequence of their handing over the work to 
some other parties. 
Now, sir, if there is to be any change made, 
there is certainly no reason why a day may not 
be given in consequence cf the sickness of the 
such as is now required to execute successfully the printing of the House until Mr. Ford arrives. 
the printing of the House. 
I hope this resolution will not be adopted upon Speaker, that I would lilce the gentleman who 
, represents the Committee on Printing to tell us; 
the assumption that Mr. Ford will not he here, 
and that ho is incapable of doing the printing of and that is, why, in his great anxiety for a re- 
the House. A few days will enlighten us upon duction in the cost of the public printing—und in 
that point. Why should we forestall him by this ! ' '•,vhicil I agreed with him, and for which I voted— 
he did not also include the binding of this House? 
summary process? For whose benefit, and for 
I desire to know why it is that there is no reduc- 
whose good, when the Printer of the Senate is 
willing to supply his place for the present, and is tion made upon that branch) of the work done for 
I want to know how it happens, if 
this ? 
capable of doing all necessary work? 
MI'. BURNÉ'I'T. I had almost determined we arc to have a nyammoth printing establish* 
that I never would again indulge iri any discus- ment, and the work is to be, done by (hc Govern- 
Sion connected with the subject of the public ment directly, his resolution not broad enough 
to cover the binding also, and have all the work 
printing, from the fact that it is almost impossi- 
ble for any member of this House to cet a full done by agents of the Government who will be 
put this matter upon a proper footing. 
falling in with the views of the Superintendent of 
Public Printinff, ao•ree very readily that they Will 
not consent to do this printing any longer under 
the contract they made with our Printer; but the 
are now doing the printing in Mr. Wendell s 
printing offcc, and whencvcr they are relieved 
from the obligations of their contract with the 
House Printer, •thcn the Superintendent of Pub- 
lic Printing, in behalf of the House, is to enter 
into a contract with the same parties, authorizinx 
them to do the printino upon better terms; that is, 
to cyct the whole price of the printing, a portion 
of which now goes to the House Printer. Unques- 
tionably they will not do the printing any longer 
I under their contract with the House Printer, if the 
responsible to it for their action and conduct? 
undcrstanding of the mode of operation by which 
I House will relieve them from it, and give them the 
the print.iil!l -is donc, the manner in which it is Now, sir, I want to amend that resolution. 
X,vant to providc that the binding of this House II same work at a higher price. And that is just 
Ict out at cach Congress, and the parties inter- 
I had no agency in the election of shall also be let out by the Superintendent of Pub- the question which the House have to consider: 
ested in 
it. 
I had lic Printing; that he shall make a contract and whethertheywillnowrelieveMcssrs. Larcombe& 
Mr. Ford as Public Printer of this House. 
no ao•oncy in fastening him upon this House as let that out also, and have it done directly; and 
ils ofiiceu• to do its printing. Gentlemen upon before I take rny seat, unless the gentleman who 
If there has offered this resolution desires to take the floor, I 
that side of the House elected him. 
shall Niove to postpone the whole subject until 
been anv neg\ect upon his partin doing thc print- 
ing of the I'louse., and the public service has been next Tuesday. 
Mr. GROW. 1 hope, as the asked 
they are responsible. But, sir, I 
injured by it, 
tun astonished that tho gentleman who represents us to vote (lown the previous question, he will 
the • Committee on on this occasion 
should not offer a resolution here declaring the 
omce vacant, when hc must know that if we 
authorize the Supcrintendent of Pablic Printinq 
to let out that work bv contract, Mr. Ford would 
be entit)ed to and could claim it, unless his office 
is declared vaca_nt; and I arn opposed to his rcs- 
olution for that reason. 
But, sir, am opposed to it for the further rea- 
son that there is no nncossity for the resonztion. 
Tl'hi.s Printer, Governor Ford, we arc informed by 
the gentleman from Illinois, [NIi'. MCCLERNAND,] 
will - be here in a few days. Why then should 
we. pass this resolution, when the Printer for t 
House will be here in person so soon, and we 
or learn 
can then culler declare his office va.cant, 
from him the reasons why he does not perform 
his duties? 
The gentleman from Illinois aske(i question 
that I would like to have answered; and that is, 
whether this is part CLüd of t hc programny• 
that was .carried out at the last session (_3f Con- 
gress, and vv'hich was f.}icn denounced as a move 
ment for the purpose of enabling Cornelius W cn 
i not cut off debate now. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 will not do it; but 1 offer 
the an)cndment which have, indicated, and 
which tho can put in proper shape. 
Mr. GROV'I. Mr. Speaker, I have but aword 
It seems, from the 
to say upon this proposition. 
papers which havc been read at the Clerk's desk, 
that Messrs. Larcombe & English made a con- 
tract, with the Hot-ese. Printer to do this work. 
English from thcircontractwith the House Printer, 
f give to them the price which the law gives to the 
Printer, and deprive him of any portion of t.hc 
profits of the work? That is the whole questiön: 
whether the House will deprive bim of any chance 
to do the work himsclf', and takc the, legitimate 
profits of the work, or get somebody else to do it, 
leaving him some rnarrrin of profit which will 
I enable him to realize something from his offce ? 
it is premature to take 
In my judgment, sir, 
action on a rcsolution of this sort at this time, and 
I thcreforc move to postpone its further consid- 
oration until Monday next. 
Mr. HASKIN obtained the floor. 
'l NiBLACK. 1 would like to ask 
from New York one question before he 
Thev now refuse to expcate that contract madc 
'i proceeds. 
xvith [hc House Prilj(er•, and this is a proposition Mr. HASKIN. I have no objection to answer 
any questicnos. 
too i ve then') a better contract. The House Printer, 
I in nutkinx that, contract, has done what has a!- Mr. N I BLACK. I desire to inquire whether 
ways: bee-n done since have been a member of the committee have taken any action, 01' intend to 
take any, in relation to the removal of N•lt•. Förd, 
Congress, except. in one instance when Cornelius 
Wendell was elected Printer. Now, shall we or whether he wili still continuc Printer of the 
come in and relieve these parties from the ol)li- House under the arravement proposed in the 
resolution ? 
i; gations of their contract with our House Printer, 
NIr. I-IASKIN. I would state, for the inform- 
and thus subject him to loss, without allowing 
him an opportunity first to soe the parties and ation of the gentleman from Indiana, that tho ob- 
Is that. treating ject of the committee is to provide for the exist- 
make arrano•ements with thern ? 
bas been detained ata ing uecessitieg of the case; to have the printing 
our Prir:tc•:• fairiv 
which is absolutely necessary to be done -to en- 
- distance. this cil,v by sickness, and telec»raphs 
- that as soon as he is able to travel he will come able us to here, forthwith {done. It will 
here. A digpensati0ij of Providence keepe him t! be recollecteä by theHouse that, two or three days 
dell to sell hig printing office? I understand that 
