1860. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
95 
are concerned as individuals, nor do I want to i am willing that the resolution shall be postponed 
Mr. FLORENCE.- 1 renew it. 
relieve either of them, from any censure properly until Tuesday next, with the understanding that Mr. GILMER. demand the• hays 
attaching to them. Nor do desire -to reflect un- 
it shall Then be taken up and disposed of. 
I dc- i. on the motion to adjourn. 
justly upon either. 
I only say that if I under- mand tl')C previous question on the motion to refer. 
The yeas and nays twerc ordered. 
stood the statement made by the gentleman from Mr. COX. I move that the resolution be laid 
Mr. BOCOCK. I did Inot raise the question of 
Now York from the Committee on Printing, [Mr. upon the table. 
order before, because I had not made up-my mind 
HASKIN,] .the other day, a very large sum of iVfr. HASKIN. After the statement of the gon- 
on it. 
I now submit the question to the Chgir. 
II tlmnan from Illinois, [Mr. MCCLERNAN$,] that The proposition of tho gentleman frorn Noi'th 
money has been made •by the Senate Printing, 
amounting, 1 believe, to more than forty-six thou- I Mr. Ford, the House Printer, will be here on Sat- Carolina, [Mr. GILMER,] in my opinion, involves 
sand dollars, and by the House Printer, amount- 
c•lther of I that it does not object t.o the postponemeiit of to: which this 
ing to some tsvelve thousand dollars—C 
which sums would be a very large fortune for further consideration of the resolution until 51'ucs- . i over and over again, that a proposition to fix the 
most of us, certainly one which I should be willing day next. A days ago, when the considera- 
to receive, not for my service for few Inonllis•, 
tion of one of the appropriation bills was post- 
I say that. this amount poned because it was not printed, I rnade an 
but for ruy whole lifé. 
has been received by those rnen; and, in my 
opinion, it is too much for any man to make in 
the pertörmance of a. dut.y in Nvhich he invests 
not one dollar in moncv or brains. 
Now, sir, I merely desire to ask tho Housé, as 
I have said, to look practically at this matter. 
The eximencv, the situation in which we are 
placed, is noi one which calls for the indulgence 
of any personal feelings. The Committee on Pub- 
lic Printing, composed, as the gentleman says, of 
JEFFERSON DAT'1s, Senator F and Senat.or 
ANTHONY, in thc Senate, and of twogcntlemcn in 
this House, to either of whom am willing to 
concede integrity and honesty of purpose in the 
exercise of tile functions properly devolving on 
them, concluded to confirn') t.he contract en tered 
into for the purchase of ll)is printing office. 
1 
think the rnattcr of this purchase is entirely irre- 
levant to the question under consideration; and 
only refer to it because gellilemen have brought 
explanation, and gave, notice that I would, at as 
early a day as possible, submit, from the Com- 
' mittee on Printino•, a proposition to •remedy the 
existinr evil in reförence to the printing of this 
House, 1 have fulfilled my promise and dis- 
charged my duty to the House in submitting the 
resolution now under consideration. 1 do not 
object to the postponement of the further consid- 
oration of the resolution until Tuesday next. I 
I demarld the yeas and nays on the motion to lay 
upon the tab'le. 
The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
The question was then taken ; and the resolution 
was laid upon the table. 
ADJOURNMENT OVER. 
Mr. GILMER. rise to aprivileged question. 
the House was acting on the motion that 
time to which the House shall stand adjourned 
tåkes precedence ofa motion to adjourn. I make 
the point that the motion-of the gentleman from 
North Carolina, involving, as it docs, the ques- 
tion of fixing the time to which this House shall 
stand adjourned, takes precedence of a motion to 
adjourn, and must be first acted upon. 
Mr. STANTON. That is the made. 
I ask the Clerk to read the paragraph on -page 
145 of the Manual, which I have marked. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
[The effect of the pendency of a motion to reconsider, 
according to the universal usacxe, is to suspend the origiugt 
proposition,]' but 'where the term of the meniberS •Ox- 
pires svithout acting on the Inotion to reconsider -the 
want of time or inclination, the Inotion of coursc 
and leaves the original proposition operative. '—Opinion 
of Mr. Speaker Orr, and also of Mt. Speaker Banks; in 
the case of a resolution directing tbc payment (jf lhoney 
out of the cont.ingent-fund of the House, where Congress 
adjourned sine die pending a motion to reconsider the vote 
by which it was adopted." 
Mr. STANTON. 1 think it stands just as 
l.)clievc, from information 
it in 10 this debate. 
obtained within a few rnornent.s, that the 
purchase which has been madc is a jü(ucious one. 
1 understand it to have been approved by the 
and I willing 
Secretary of the In 
to accord to hitn, and to the joint committee oi 
Congress, the credit. of having-exercised a proper 
the contract; and (uu 
discretion rn 
willing further to confirm thcir judgment by my 
vote, if it be necessary. Gentlerncn have rc{örred 
to the price paid for t.hc building, and said that it 
could have been purchased for lc•ss. Now, in the 
first place, I do not believe tho building was ever 
for and I do not believe it could 
be built and favn ished for $40,000 more tha the: 
Hence, J think that the gentle- 
prico paid for it. 
man from Illinois had not. that sort of 
which could justify him in making tho statexnelit 
which he did to-day. sc) far as that is concerned, 
however, I only reför to it for thc purpose of show- 
ino that we have not tho facts before us, and that . 
we are here biii}dly. 
1k' the gentlcrnan will 
Nir. McCi,ERiN A ND. 
permit I iVili say t.ha.t perha.ps 
n-iade 
i cannot state, fron'l 
staten•ient rather too strona . 
mv own knowledge, an v such ofter was rnade. 
Ail I intended to sav was that understood this 
printing establisliinent might have been pur- • 
chased Jnst, fall foe $80,000; and that, in fact, it 
was worth much less than that—perhaps not, more 
than NV hct.her, in 1')0int of fact, it was 
offered for the sun-I of I do not know. 
ronl the I 
Mr. FLORENCE. 
have, 1 believe the price paid for it is not too 
in the first place, I nro- 
large. Now, si r, 
ceeding (o sa.v• that gentlemen should *take into 
consi'.icratic,n the fact that, we a re in absolt.lte want 
of this printing for the purposes of Iceitirnate 
legislation. 
assure you, Mr. Speaker and the House, that 
the onlv desire i have in this matter is to have 
thc puj!ic busiocss properly and prmnpt]y con- 
ducted. It is that neither the Senate Printer 
nor the Printer for House, who have pled«red 
themselves to do their duty under the law, have 
I defy denial of the fact that tl'ley 
at all done so. 
nave crone outside of the law. But I ann willint:r 
to take the resolution reported from the Commit- 
If it be necessary, f tun willzpo• 
tee on Prin tine. 
that its consideration shall be postnoned until 
Mr. Ford, w ho is now suffering from illness, 
and detained in a (listant city, shall have arrived 
willino• to give an oppor- 
in 
propor arran for 
tunity to hikn to make 
the 
the execution of 
r. bURNF„TT] saogested 
from 
when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to though no vote had been taken on-the motion to 
meet on Monday next, I demanded the ycas and 
adjourn over whenever a motion to reconsider is 
nays. T hc call was not rccvnizcd by the Chair 
made and pending. 
If we adjourn now, I i'nsisb 
and the motion was stated by him to be decided 
upon it that we meet here to-morrow. 
I did demand the yeas and 
the affirmative. 
Thc SPEAKER. When first made, the point 
nays the question was decided, as the men-1- of order came upon the Chair suddenly. Hc is 
I am opposed co satisfied that the decision he has made is not the 
bers around me will recollect. 
the adjournment over; and I now move to recon- correct one; and he now decides that the motion 
sider {he vote by which the E.fousc agreed that of the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. GIL- 
when it adjourns" to-day, it be to meet on Mon- MER] to reconsider the vote by which the House 
dav next; and on that motion I demand the yeas If agreed that when it adjourns to-day it be to meet 
ana nays. 
on Monday next, must be acted on before the 
Mr. K UNICEL. I move that the motion to motion to adjourn can be entertained. On the 
reconsider bc laid upon the table. 
II motion of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. 
IMP. GILMER. 1 demand the yeas and nays 
] that the motion to reconsider bc laid 
upon that motion. 
tho yeas and nays have %ee'n 
upon the table, 
'I.'he yeas'and nays were ordcred. 
ordered. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 move the House do 
rl'he question was then taken upon Mr. KifN- 
i now adjourn. 
rnotion; and it was decided in the affrma- 
SIP ANTON. It the motion toadjourn bc tive—yeas 103, nays 83; as follows: 
ao•recd to, what is the. Chair's decision in refer- 
VEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Aldrich, Thomas L. Anderson, 
I hold that if the WV illimn C. Anderson, Aslnnoe•e, Avery, Barksdale, Bar- 
once to the over? 
Bonharn, Boyce, Branch. Brayton, 
ret, Deale, 
i.-louso now adjourns, while the motion to recon- 
sider is nondin.æ, must meet herc to-morrnw, 
[Cries of Oh, no!" ] 
at twelve 
II 'I'hat is in y oninion. Until t.hc to recon- 
sider is acted upon, I hold that the adjournment 
over is not complete. 
IMr. understand that the House 
has already agreed to adjourn over until Monday 
next. If, (hen, we adjourn now, I insist that the 
House does not mcct to-morrow, but on Monday 
next. 'It must be recollected that the motion to 
. reconsider has not yet been adopted. 
rvli'. STANTON. The motion to adjourn over, 
although adopted, is inoperative until action is 
taken ur;on thc pending motion to reconsider. 
drown, Burch, Burlingame, Burnett, Case, Horace F. 
Clark, John B. Clark, Ciopton, John Cochrane, Cox, Bur- 
tou Craige, CrawiOrd, Curry, John G. Davis, Javnctte, 
Delano, Edgerton, Eliglish Florence, Fouke 
Garnett, Gartrell. Grail*lln, Hardeman, j. Morrison Harris, 
, Hawkins, Hill, I-findman, Ilohnan, Houston, William How- 
Hutchins, Jackson, Scnkine, Jonek, Kenyon, 
Kunkel, Landrum, Larrabee, Love, Love.ioy, Mac-lay, 
'l Ciliar}eg D. Martin,- Elbert S. Martin, MeClernand, Mc- 
II Queen, Miles, Millward, Montgoil!ery, Sydenham .Moore, 
iMorriIl, Morse, Niblae.k, Nixon, Noel}, Pendleton, Pryor, 
Putrh, Quarles, Reagan, Riggs, James C. Robinson, Rufih, 
Seott, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, Simms, Singleton, 
VVilIiam Smith, Spaulding, Stevenson, .James A. Stewart, 
'I'hmnas, Underwood, Vance, Waldron, Cadwalader C. 
washburu, F,iiihu P). Was•bburne, fsrael B. Washburn, 
'Vebste,v, Whit.elcy, Wilson, VVindo:n, Winslow, •wood- 
son, and Wright—103. 
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Allen. Alley, Ashley, 
T hc motion to adjourn over stands now if it 
Barr, Binabanu, Blair, Blake, Briggs, Buffinton. Burnham), 
[Cries of No 
had not been adopted at all. 
It certainly does. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. ask the Chair 
whether, if adiourn now, the first business on 
Monday will not •bo this Inotion to reconsider the 
vote by which the House adjourned over? [Laugh- 
"Y he SPEAKER. The rnotion to reconsider 
will have fallen by its own weight before Mon- 
day movn:ng. [Renewed laughter.] The Chair 
decides that if the House adjourns now, it will be 
"l'hp motion to recon- 
to meet on Monday next. 
sider has not bocn ao•recd to. 
N.Ir. S'I'ANTON. 1 demand the yeas and nays 
on the motion to adjourn. 
JOHN COCHRANE. 1 demand tellers 
on the veas and nays. 
Butt.eriield, Carey, Carter, Cobb, Conkling, Covode, 
Janres Craig, Dawes, Edivavds, Eiiot, Ely, Etheridge, Fen- 
ton, Foster, Frank, Gihner, Gooch, Grow, Gurley, Hale, 
. I John fiarri.s, Hatton, I-leiillick, I-lickman, Hoard, Irvine, 
Junkin, Francis W. Kilgore, Kifiinger, DeVVitt C. 
ii Leach, James M. Leach, Lcake,'Lee. Logan, Longnecker, 
' { Loomis, Mallory, Maynard, Mc Kenty, B•IcKni2ht, McPher- 
son, Laban rr. Moore, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, I al 
, rner, Perry, Pettit, Peyton, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin R. 
Reynoids, John H. Reynoids. Rice, Royce, William N. H. 
Smith, Spinner, Stanton, M•YiJlia11i Stewart, Stokes, -Stout, 
'Ithaver, 'Pheaker, '.rcnnpkins:. Train, 'I'rixnble, Vandevér, 
Walton, and Wens—83 
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the 
table. 
During the vote, 
Mr. MAYNARD stated that ME. 
was still detained from the House in consequence 
ofa severe injury. 
and Messrs. HOWARD, Mr. STOUT that Mr. was absent 
in attendance upon the special committee of thirty- 
Ohio, avul J 011N COCHRANE were appoihted. 
three. 
The I-louse was divided ; and the tellers report- 
i Mr. QUARLES stated that his 
the postponement of Ibo further consideration of ed—a-ves förtv-föur, noes not counted. 
I withdraw the motion to NELSON, was absent. in attendance upon the spe- 
ready to vote II Mr.e BURNETT 
the -quext.ion, i was willing, MJhile 
Cial committee of thirty-three. 
to adopt the •ccsoiüt.ion, to conceae [hat. knur-II. 
i! adiourn. 
