98 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 17, 
one way another. Ido not want to be annoyed 
any more by these claims, or these claimants. 
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President— 
Mr. HALE, 'With the consent of the Senator 
from Maine, as the whole subject is befijre the 
Senate, I will withdraw the amendment I offered, 
and let the vote be on the. bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 
ing been had on the amendment, it is competent 
for the Senator to withdraw it. 
Mr. HAMLIN. It seems to me there are two 
points which såggest themselves to the consider- 
ation- of the Senate in this matter. The first one 
is, and goes -to the entire merits of the case, is it 
wise, or just, or proper, to open this commission 
at fill ? 
Mr. COLLAMER. To a new one? 
Mr. HAMLIN. To revive the old one or 
create new one. I think the Senate understood 
what I meant, if I did not use the most happy lan- 
guage in presenting the idea. T hc first point is this: 
whether we will create anew commission? There 
arc in the Treasury a little morc than two hundred 
thousand dollars ofthe fund wh ich our Govern rnen t 
originally ?greed to pay, under our treaty with 
Mexico, to American claimants. Now, if there 
are claimants who never submitted their claims to 
the oricinal commission, it presents a case where 
I might very freely and very cheerfully institute 
a new commission for that purpose. I think there 
is eminent merit in doing that. If they were pre- 
vented from presenting their clairns by any cause 
which did not arise from their own neglect, it 
would be but just that those claimants should have 
a right to come in upon any amount of that fund 
which has not already been expended; and I think 
I would be disposed to institute anew commission 
for that purpose, and ti'hat purpose only. 
But the bill as it has been rerjorted to the Sen- 
ate, and as it now stands before 
the Senate, will 
amount to a revision of all the decisions that 
were ll)ade by the previous commission which 
were not favorable to the claimants; and I not 
believe that cither just or wise. More than that, 
ic seems to me that the language of the bitl itsclt• 
justify a new commission in (letcrminincr 
would 
upon claims which 111 ight have merit that hud no 
law to support them. 
I take it the treaty, and 
law passed in 
pursuance of the treaty, did 
prescribe precisely w•hat claims were to be paid 
from the fund. Now, there might have been a 
very great number of claims that had " merit' 
I think that is the word—there. might have been 
clainas that had eminent merit in them, but that 
were vet not ineludpd either within the treaty or 
the terms of the law; and what could the com- 
mission:do but exclude them on principles of law ? 
They had nothing to do with the terms either of 
of tho law, and the commission 
titeaty or 
could atljudic.ate upon them. 
language of' this bill covers claims which 
were cither not presented to the board" form- 
erly oppointcd, " or werc notadjudicated on their 
and authorizes this new 
merits by the sarnc,' 
board " to decide acc.ording to thc pro- 
visions of the s:aid treaty," and to pay tlkC amount 
derided favorably. Is it not a fair construction 
of' the language of this bill, to say that, if a clailn 
has Inerit in it, although it does -not come within 
the toyms of the original law, or the treaty on 
which the law was based, this new commission 
must consider it? It seems so to me. 
It is the 
fair deduclion to be drawn from it; and the com- 
missioner who may be appointedän pursuance of 
this bill, should it become a law, would, I say, 
be fairly called to adjudicate upon cases that 
'i"Gcfi it would be setting 
had merit in them. 
everyt!.ling afloat, and you might (TO back to the 
*lion of this Government, and any man who 
ht flave a claim that had some original merit, 
and which, 
)erhaps, ought rightfuljy to have 
been include( in sonle treat.y, would present it, 
and demand that the commission adjudicate upon 
such a clain), and pay it to him. It is a perver- 
Sion of snit•it of both the treaty and the law 
to divert this fund to such a purpose. 
I-lavii-rr indicated that I am disposed to rein- 
state a cepnunission for the purpose of adjudicating 
upon claikns that never have been pre- 
sented, I will propose—the Senator from New 
Hampshire havino' withdrawn his amendment— 
to strike out of this bill the words which I have 
enclosed in brackets in the printed copy which I 
to make one other slight amendment. That will 
confine the commission to the adjudication of 
claims that have never been presented; and if 
there are such, I am disposed to aid them; but 
not to open this matter aoaii'l to all the claims that 
have once been decided upon, whether-they have 
what is technicåily called " merit" or not. I move 
to strike out in section one, lines sixteen, seven- 
teen, and eighteen, the words, " or were not ad- 
judicatcd on their merits by the same, and to 
decide thereon according to the provisions of the 
said treaty;" and also to strike out the word 
" either," in the fourtecn'th line. 
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. ifl could agree 
to the facts as reprcscntcd by thc honorable Sen- 
ator from Georgia, I might vote against this 
amendment, and fbr the bill; but, though I know 
nothing of the individual claims— 
Mr. POLK. Will the Senator from Delaware 
allow me to ask the Senator from Maine if he will 
give rue the opportunity to present an amendment 
intended to pcrfi•ct that clause of the bill which 
hc proposes to strike out by his amendment, 
before his tunendtncnt is voted upon ? 
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly, do 
that triqdcr the rulcs of the Senate without in y 
consent; but if it wore otherwise, I would give 
my consent most cheerfully. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
ment of the Senator from Missouri is in order, 
being to perfect a clause which it is moved to 
strike out. 
Mr. POLK. My amendment is in the seven- 
teenth line of the first section, to insert " nor upon 
iilcgat grounds;" so as to make it read: 
iVhicli Were either not to tbc board of com- 
nnissiouers appointed under the act of the 3d ofMarcI), 1849. 
or were not adjudicated on their merits nor upon illegal 
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the 
meats ofitn•ed I do not purpose to consider. Mv 
It scctns to me thit 
objection is to the en tire bill. 
it '•.vouid be a very dangerous precedent indeed, 
if I view the treaty with Mexico 
it, as I do, very difFerently frmn the honorable 
Senator froin Georgia. 
rrhc which 
the, United States stipulated that treaty to pay 
to N'lexico have all been paid. 
'I'he clause under 
which n ny clnirn e,an any possibility be made 
against this Government, is the 
fifteenth article 
of the treaty. r rhe. thirteenth and fourteenth arti- 
cles recite the fact of existing claims against IViex- 
ico on tl')e part of American citizens, some of 
which had been adjudicated, and some of which 
had not; and the fifteenth article exonerates Mex- 
ico entirely from all those claims by American 
citizens, and agrees (which is a common form of 
treaty stipulation on the part of the United States) 
to be answerable all claims ofBAmerican citi- 
zens upon that Government arising from that 
exoneration, to an amount not exceeding the sum 
of $3,250,000. Tl'he article then goes on to provide 
that a board of cmnmissioners shall be established 
for thc purpose of deciding upon the validity of 
all ciaims presented to that board which were 
claims of citizens of the United States against 
Mexico. Under the law passed to carry the treaty 
into efli•ct, commissioners were appointed; thcy 
adjudicated upon all the claims prescntod to them 
—very unfort.unately on some; and by their final 
adjudication, it appeared that, all the claims, even 
with the allowance of the fraudulent claim of 
Gardiner, did not equal the amount which the 
United States'limited as the ultimate sum which 
they would pay in satisfaction of the claims. 
At a subsequent session ofCongress complaints 
were made of the fraud connected with the Gar- 
diner claim, and there were also more than sixty 
petitions presented to Congress, complaining of 
irregularities in the decisions of the commission- 
crs, and presenting other claims outside of the 
decisions. A special committee was raised in the 
Senate at the first session at which became a 
member of the body. Of that committee I was 
In the investigation which was had by the 
one. 
committee, we examined every petition; we gave 
public notice to the people of the United States 
for all claimants to come in and present any claims 
that they had, because one of [he questions sub- 
mitted to us was: whether, as there was a resi- 
duary fund, we would advise the creation of a 
new commission, in order to decide upon existino• 
outstanding claims. After reviewing all those 
send to the desk; and I think it will be necessary i claims, and investigating the Gardiner claim, with 
great labor, the committee arrived at the conclu- 
Sion of reporting in favor of but two claims that 
were then presented to us, and none whatever 
other than those that were presented to us; and 
although fulLnotice was given to the worl(l, none 
of the claims now adverted to came before that 
committee. 
Now, what is the proposition? The United 
States made a treaty twelve years ago. Under 
that treaty, and by the law which was passed in 
pursuance of it, they exonerated Mexico from 
the claims of their own citizens, and they agreed 
pay all those claims, provided they did not ex- 
ceed a certain amount. All the claimants had 
notice. They did not choose to come in to the 
first commission; they did not choose to come in 
before a special committee of the Senate, who had 
power to recommenda second commission, if the 
circumstances justified it. They slept over their 
rights, if any they had; and now, at the lapse of 
twclvc years, they come in and ask you to raise 
a new commission—on what ground? On the 
ground that this is a specific surn of money re- 
mainino• in the Treasury, which would be the 
property of Mexico if the United States did not 
i have to pay it to the claimants. 
I deny that, as 
any just conclusion from the treaty with Mexico. 
There is no stipulation to pay a cent to Mexico 
except the $15,000,000. It has been paid. We 
stipulated to pay ail our own citizens' claims pre- 
cisely as we did in the Florida treaty of 1819. 
We there agreed, in consideration of the convey- 
ance by Spain of the Floridas, that x.ve would 
assume all claims of the citizens of the United 
States upon the Government of Spain, and that 
we would appoint a board for the purpose of their 
adjudication, and would pay them an amount not 
exceeding #5,000,000. rl*hat board sat, and be- 
fore that board the claims were presented. They 
allowed many, and disallowed many; and the 
amount that they did allow was not paid beyohd 
ninety-two per cent. of the principal. IV'Ir. 
Meade's, among other claims, was ruled out. 
has been in your halls of Congress, in order to get 
at an adjudication of it by special act of Con- 
gross, ever since. Have you done it? No. 
What is the danger of the principle here ? 
Where you have with a forei«yn nation stipulated 
for and obtained, by means of a benefit derived 
to yourself, the right of the payment of claims of 
your own citizens, and have assumed them, and 
when you give them all fair notice to come in 
before a commission regularly appointed, and 
present those claims, and they refuse to do it, on 
•what principle is it that you can afterwards ap- 
point a new commission? 
If you can do it on 
I thc ground of the gross neglect of the parties in 
not having presented their claims, il would be a 
much stronger ground if there happened to be a 
difference of opinion on the part of the Senate ag 
to any particular claim, and they thought the 
commission had erred in its decision. 
case, there would be a stronger ground for allow- 
ing that claim to come in, because the party there 
had dono all he could do—he had shown dili- 
gence, at least; the others have not; and if there 
had been an error in the judgment, you would be 
much Inore bound to correct it than you would, 
in the casc of a negligent party, to give him an 
opportunity to c.on')e before a newe commission. 
In In y judgment, 
the decision is final. Where 
a Government, acting for its citizens, obtains for 
them what they could not otherwise obtain, and 
gives fair notice to all parties to present, for the 
purpose of authentication and judicial decision, 
their claims, and they refuse to present them, 
they arc entirely barred. 
If this monev, this 
balance, belonged to Mexico, I should agree cn- 
tirely with the houorable Senator frot1) Georgia, 
that it is not our moncy, and that we might raise 
a second commission if the claimants would come 
in, or we. should be bound to pay it to Mexico. 
Rut, sir, 
read the stipulations of the treaty. 
There is no semblance of such a claim on the 
part of Mexico there. The United States were 
to pay these claims out of their own money, out 
I of the general funds in the Treasury. They we•re 
t to appoint a commission to ascertain them, and 
they did so. Before that commission, every 
claim presented was heard. Some \vere rejected, 
sorne were admitted; and the annount admitted 
did not exhaust, not a separate fund, but the 
limit which the United States agreed that they 
would pay. Does that give any right to the neg- 
