100 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 17, 
pressible by the law of the country. I suppose that 
IS the case now; because if these outrages against 
northern citizens were really authorized by the 
State authorities there, were they a foreign Gov- 
ernment, everybody knows, if it were the strong- 
est GoVernmént on earth, we should declare war 
upon her in one day. 
But what has caused this great excitement ? 
Sir, I will tell you what i suppose it is. 
not (and I say it frankly) so much blame the 
people of the South; because they believe, and 
they are 'led to believe by all the information that 
ever comes before them, that we, the dominant 
party to-day; who have just seized upon the reins 
of •this Government, are their mortal enemies, 
and stand ready to trample their institutions un- 
der foot. 
'They have been told so by our ene- 
mies at the North. Their misfortune, or their 
fault, is that they have lent a too easy ear to the 
insinuations of those are our mortal ene- 
mies, while they would not hear us. 
Now I wish to inquire, in the first place, hon- 
cstly, candidly, and fairly, whether the southern 
gcntlemen on the other side of the Chamber, that 
complain so much, have any reason&ble grounds 
for that complaint—I mean when they are really 
informed as to our position. 
Northern Democrats have solnctimes said that 
we had personal liberty bills in some fcw of the 
States of the North, which somehow trenched 
upon the rights ofthe Sou th under the fugitive bill to 
rocapture their runaway slaves; position that in 
not more than two or three cases, BO far as I can see, 
has the slightest foundation in fact; and even of 
those where it is mostcomplained of, if the provis- 
ions of their law are really repugnant to that of the 
United States, they are utterly void , and the courts 
would declare them so the moment you brought 
them up. Thus it is thal I glad to hear the 
candor of those gentlemen on the othcr side, that 
they do not complain of these laws. The Senator 
froin Georgia [Mr. IVERSON] himself told us that 
they had never suffered any injury, to his knowl- 
edge and belief, from those bills, and they cared 
noihing about them. The Senator fron•i Virginia 
(Mr. MASON] said the same thing; and I be'licve 
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Bnowx.] You 
all, then, have given up this bone of contention, 
this matter of complaint which northern melli 
have set forth us u gricvuncc more than any- 
bod else. 
Islr. MASON. Will the Senator indulge me 
onc moment? 
Mr. WADE. Certainly. 
Mr. MASON. I know he does not intend to 
misrepresent me or other gentlcmcn here. What 
I said was, that the repeal of those laws would 
furnish no cause of satisfaction to the southern 
States. Ouropinionsofthose laws sve crave freely. 
MT e said the repeal of those laws would give no 
satisfaction. 
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, 1 do not intend 
to misrepresentanything. landerstood those gen- 
tlemen to suppose that they had not been injured 
by then). I understood the Senator from Virginia 
to believe that they were enacted in a spirit of hos- 
tility to the institutions of the South, 
and to ob- 
ject to them not because the acts themselves had 
done them any hurt, but because they were really 
a stamp of degradation upon southern men, or 
something like that—I do not quote his words. 
The other Senators that referred to it probably in- 
tended to bcunderstood in the same way; but they 
did acquit these laws of having done them injury 
to their knowledge or belief. 
I do not believe that these laws were, as the 
Senator supposed, enacted with a view to exas- 
perate the South, or to put them in a position of 
degradation. Why, sir, these laws aoainst kid- 
napping are as old as the common law itself, as 
that Senator well knows. To take a freeman and 
forcibly carry him out of the jurisdiction of the 
State, has ever been , by all civifized countries, ad- 
judged to be a great crime; and in most of them, 
wherever I have understood anything about it, 
they have penal laws to punish such an offense. 
I believe the State of Virginia has one to-day as 
stringent in all its provisions as almost any other 
not so much to point out any specific acts that 
northern people had done injurious to your prop- 
erty, as what he took to be dishonor and a deg- 
radation. I think I feel as sensitive upon that 
If I know myself, I 
subject as any other man. 
am •the last man that would be the advocate of any 
lav.r or any act that would humiliate or dishonor 
any section of this country, or any individual in 
it; and, on the other hand, let me tell these gen- 
tlemen I am exceedingly sensitive upon that same 
point, whatever they may think about it. I would 
rather sustain an injury• than an insult or dis- 
honor; and I would be as unwilling to inflict it 
upon others as I would be to submit to it myself. 
I never will do either the one or the other if I 
know it. 
I have already said that these gentlernen who 
make these complaints have for a long series of 
years had this Government in their own keeping. 
They belong to the dominant majority. I may 
say that these samc gentlemen who rise up on this 
floor and draw their bill of indictment against us, 
have been the leaders of that dominant party for 
many ycars past. Therefore, if there is anything 
in the legislation of the Federal Govermnent that 
is not right, you, and not we, arc responsible for 
it; for we never have been invested with the power 
to modify or control the legislation of the country 
an hour. 
I know that charges have been 
madc and run& in our ears, and reiterated over 
and over ao•ain, that we have been unfaithfel in 
the execution of your fugitive bill. Sir, that 
law is exceedingly odious to any free people. It 
deprives us of all the old guarantees of liberty 
that the Ancrlo-Saxon race everywhere have con- 
sidered sacred—more, sacred than anything else. 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator from Ohio 
allow me t.o say a word? 
Mr. WADE. Certainly. 
M.r.GREEN. is simply this: 
It has becn 
said Y; at the practical operation of thc so-called 
liberty bills of the North has not affected any- 
body; but they do act as evidonce ofa public son- 
tin')ent adverse to the execution of the Federal law 
to reclaim our slaves under the Constitution; arid 
a repeal of those laws would not be worth onc 
single straw while the sentiment remains. I know 
fro Ell) practical observation that in nine cases out 
of ten you cannot catch a fugitive slave; and I 
know more than that; you forfeit your life when- 
cvbt• you make the attempt. 
One word rnore: when it is said that thig fugi- 
tive slave law is obnoxious to the North, and runs 
counter to these old guarantees concerning per- 
sonal liberty, say that the recovery of fugitives 
from justice is, under the Constitution and under 
the la•w, just as summary without trial by jury, 
and must or necessity be so. Why is not the 
same cotfplaint made about forgers, and murder- 
ers, and scoundrels tbat steal? Not a word of 
liberty bills in thcir behalf; but all for the ncgro. 
[Applause iii thc galleries.] 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. FOSTER 
in the chair. 
) The Chair will fbel called upon to 
enforce the order to clear the galleries if any dis- 
turbane,e. occurs hereafter. 
Mr. WADE. Never mind, Mr. President; let 
them checr the fugitive slave law if they please. 
I have no objection to it. 
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senator to allow me 
I wish to say that if this disorder 
one instant. 
a«ain occurs—if this indignity is affain offered to 
thc Senate—I shall deem it my duty to insist that 
the rules of the Senate bo enforced, and the (ral- 
let•ies cleared. 
Mr. HALE. Suppose we consider that threat 
made for every day during the rest of tl'le session. 
It has been madc every day heretofore, and has 
never been enforced, and probably never will be. 
[Laughter. I 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
repeat that he will feel hirnseif bound by the rules 
of the Scnatc to order the galleries to be cleared 
if a disturbance is made, without a motion from 
any member of the Senate, considering that the 
Chair is bound to enforce the rules. 
'l'he Sena- 
tor from Ohio xxvill proceed. 
the gentleman 
of which you complain. I have not looked over says, if I understood him, that thcse fugitives 
the statute-books of the South; but do not doubt 
be turned over to the authorities of the 
that there will be found this species of legislation State from whence they came. That would be a 
very poor remedy for a free man in humble circum- 
upon all your statute-books. 
Here let me say, because the subject occurs to stances who was ttiken under the pfovisions of 
Where he came from? There is no law that re- 
quires that he shoutd be Carried there. Sir, if he 
is a free man he may be carried into the market 
place anywhere in a slave State; and what chance 
has he, a popr, ionorant individual, and a stranger, 
of asserting any rights there, even if tllere were 
no prejudices or partialities acrainst him? That 
would be the mere mockery of justice and nothing 
else, and the Senator ••.vell knows it. Sir, I know 
that from the stringent, surnmary provisions of 
this bill, free men have been kidnapped and carried 
into captivity and sold into everlasting slavery. 
Will any man who has a regard to the sovereign 
rights of the State rise here and complain that a 
State shall not make a law to protect her own 
people against kidnappino• and violent seizures 
from abroad? Of all men, I believe those who 
have made most of these complaints should be the 
last to rise and deny the power Ofa sovereign State 
to protect her own citizens against any Federal 
legislation whatever. These liberty bills, in my 
i judgment, have been passed, not with a view of 
degrading the South, but with an honest purpose 
of guarding the rights of their own citizens from 
I was exceed- 
unlawful seizures and abductions. 
ingly glad to hear that tl')e Senators on the other 
side had arisen in their places and had said that 
the repeal of those laws would not relieve the 
case from the diffculties under which thcy now 
labor. 
How is it with the execution of your fugitive 
biEE? Sir, I have heard it here, I have read it in 
the papers, I have met it everywhere, that the 
people of the frec States, and especially the great 
Rebublican party, were unfaithful on this subject, 
and did not properly execute this law. It has been 
said, with such a tone and under such circum- 
stances here, that, althoucyl) Iwas sure that in the 
State from which I coine these insinuations had 
no foundation in truth, I could not rise here and 
repel them in the face of those that say, •we will 
not believe a single you say. never did, 
and I never would, until our enemies, those who 
havo ever opposed us and who have censured us 
upon this subject, had arisen here in their places, 
and at lenffth, with a mao•nanimity that I com- 
mend, have said that this was not so. col- 
league, with a mao•nanimity for which give him 
Iny thanks, has stood forth here to testify that in 
the Slate which I in part represent, the Republi- 
can courts and the Republican juries have fulfilled 
this repulsive duty with perfect faithfulness. So 
said the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. DOUGLAS',] 
and if I understood him, so also said the Senator 
I from Indiana, [Mr. FvrcH.] Therefore, sir, this 
calumny upon us is removed so far as the state- 
ment of our political enemies can make the aver- 
ment good. 
I know that our courts, when a case 
is brouo•ht before t.hcm—l do not care wl')at their 
politics may be—feel bound to administer the law 
just as they find it; and let rnc say to gentlemen 
from thc South upon the other side, whcrc you 
have lost one slave from the unfaithfulness of our 
legislative or judicial tribunals, we have had ten 
men murdered by your mobs, frequently under 
circumstances of the most savage character. 
Why, sir, 1 can hardly take up a paper—and 
I rely, too, upon southern papers—which does 
not guve an account of the cruel treatment of some 
man who is traveling for pleasure or for business 
in your quarter; and the lightest thing vau do is 
to visit him with a vigilance committee, and coin- 
pel him to return: you so loncrto make 
your way out of our coast. 
What is the accu- 
sati on?" 
-VVhy, sir, you are from Ohio." They 
do not even inquire what party he belongs to, or 
what standard he has followed. I say this is the 
case, if I may rely on the statements of your own 
papers; and rnany of these outrages occur under 
circumstances of cruelty that would disgrace a 
savage; and we have no security now in travel- 
in(r ill nt•arly one half of the Union, and espe- 
cia}ty the gulf States of this Confederacy. care 
not what a man's character may be; he may be 
perfectly innocent of cvcry charge; hc may be a 
man who never has violated any law under heavea ; 
and yet if he goes down into those States, and it 
is ascertained that hc is from the North, and espe- 
cial\y if he differs from them in the exercise of 
his political rights, if he has voted for Lincoln in- 
stead of for somebody else, it is a mortal offense, 
punishable by indignity, by tar and feathers, by 
stripes, and even by death; and yet you, whose 
me right here, the Senator from Virginia seemed this bill in summary way, to be carried—where? il constituents are guilty of all these things, can 
