1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
101 
stand forth and accuse us of being unfaithful to 
the Constitution of the United States! Gentlemen 
had better look at home. 
Gentlemen, it will be very well for us all to 
take a view of all the phases of this controversy 
before we come to •such conclusions as seem to 
I make 
have been arrived at in some quarters. 
the assertion here that do not believe, in the 
history of the world, there ever was a nation or a 
people where a. law repugnant, to thc general feel- 
mng was ever executed with tho same faithfulness 
as has been your most savagc and atrocious fugi t.i ve 
bill in the You yourselves can scarcely 
point out any case that has come before any north- 
ern tribunal in which the In-w has not been en- 
forced to the very letter. You ought to kilOW 
these facts, and you do know them. You all 
know that when a law is passcd anywhere to bind 
any people, x.vho feel, in conscience, or for any 
other reason, opposed to its execution, it is not 
in human nature to enforce it with the same cer- 
tainty as a law that meets with thc approbation 
of the great mass of thc citizens. Every rational 
man understands this, and cvery candid naan will 
admit it. Therefore it is that .1 do not violently 
impeach you for your unfaithfulness in the exe- 
cution of many of your laws. You have in South 
Carolina a law by which you talce free cilizcn.s of 
Massachusetts or any other maritime State, W' ho 
visit t.he city of Charleston, and lock them up in 
jail under the penalty, if they cannot pay the jail- 
fees, of eternal slavery staring thern in the face— 
a monstrous law, revolting to tho best Ilie.ling.s of 
hum-unity and violently in conflict with the Con- 
I do not say this 
stitution of the United States. 
by way of recrimination; for the excitcmpnt per- 
vading the country is so great that I do not 
wish to add a single coal to [hc flanoe•, but never- 
theless I wish the •whole truth to appear. 
Then , sir, '.vhat is it of which complaint is made? 
You have bad the legislati ve power of the try 
and you have had the Id.xocuti ve of the country, 
as I have said already. You own the Cabinet, 
you own the Senate, and, I n•nay add, you own 
the President of the Uj)itcd States as mtich as you 
own the servant upon your own plantation. 
[Laughter.] I cannot see, then, very clearly, why 
it is that southern men can rise here and complain 
of the action of this Governrnent. I have already 
shown that it is perfectly impossible for you now 
to point out any act of which the Republican party 
can possibly be guilty, of which you complain; 
because at no period yet have they had the power 
of making any rule or regulation or law that could , 
by possibility, affect you ; and, therefore, I under- 
stand that when Senators rise up herc to justify 
thc overthrow of this Government, to break it. up, 
to resolve it into its original elelnents, they do so 
upon the ruere suspicion that the Republican party 
rights or violate tho 
may somehow affect their 
Constitution. 
Sir, what doctrines do we hold detrimental to 
you? is the next inquiry that I wish to rnake. 
Arc we the setters fin'tll of uny new doctrines 
under tbc Constitution of thc United States? I 
tell you nay. r I'here is no princip]c held to-day 
by this great Republican party that has not had 
the sanction of your Government in every depart- 
ment for more than seventy years. You have 
changed your opinions. We stand where we used 
Tl'hat is the only diffcrenco. Upon the 
to stand. 
slavery question,' the only doctrine you can find 
touching it in our platform or our action, the only I 
position we occupy in regard to it, is that forn'lcl'iy 
occupied by the most revered statesmen of this 
nation. Sir, we stand where Washington stood, 
where Madison stood, 
where Jefferson stood, 
where Monroc stood. We stand where Adams 
and Jackson, and even Polk, stood. That revered 
statesman , Hen ry Clay, of blessed memory, with 
his dying breath asserted the doctrine that we 
hold to-day. Why, then, are we held up before 
the community as violators of your rights? You 
have coine in latc in the day to accuse us of l')ar- 
boring these opinions. 
I ask, then, what doctrines do we hold of which 
you can rightfully complain? You have pointed 
out none. You do not complain of the execution 
of the fugitive slave bill; you do not complain of 
the liberty bills; you do •-not complain that Mr. 
Lincoln is a violent rnan, who vv•il! probably do 
you any injury. The Senator from Georgia told 
us that he 'had no apprehenslons that M Y. Lin- 
coln, m his administration, would do any act in 
violation of your rights, or in violation of the I subject. 
I do not know how that is; I have not 
resorted to all these old records; but I believe; 
Constitution of the United States. 
from all I know, that he -was following the pre- 
Mr. IVERSON. •Will the Senator allow me 
cedent sct by your own Governors; but whether 
to ask him when I said Chat? 
he was or not, there always has been a difficulty 
Mr. WADE. I do not quote the Senator's 
I know very well that when 
upon that subject. 
words, but I believe I have them here. 
States have created crimes of acts .which are -not 
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator is mistaken. 1 
matc in se, when they have passed laws barely 
made no such remark. 
prohibitory of some act which is not deemed im- 
Mr. WADE. Then 1 would thank the Sena- 
moral, many of the States have refused to sur- 
tor to repeat what his remark was on that point; 
render fugitives under such circumstances; and' I 
for I understood him as I have stated. 
am far from saying that they are not right'. How- 
Mr. IVERSON. I . refer the Senator to the 
ever, it is a question of law about which I leave 
record of my speech . 
legal gentlemen to their own opinion. Certainly, 
MI'. 'WADE. I think it is there. I understood 
you can draw no inference acyaingt lhc Governou• 
the Senator expressly to say what I have stated— 
of Ohio for following precedents that had been 
will look up the Sentence—that he had not any 
set, if am rightly informed, by your own Gov- 
apprehension that Mr. Lincoln would do any- 
ernor, and especially wihen one of the most con- 
thing in violation of the Constitution of thc Uni- 
servative men that I know, now a resident of 
ted States; but the Senator's grievance, as I un- 
your own State, and one of the best lawyers, I 
derstood it, was, that a hostile chief magistrate 
presume, either in that State or Ohio, _laid down 
might, within the power of the Constitution, so 
the rule as a precedent on which Governor Den- 
administer the Government as to do away with I 
nison went. All this is entirely aside from the 
slavery in ten years. That is what I understood 
issue; it is a question affecting the return of fuci- 
him to say. 
lives from justice, of which I heard no complamt 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 did say, in substance, that 
until the other day. 
the Republican party having the power of the 
Mr. POWELL. The Senator will allow me 
Government, without any palpable violation of 
to say that I do not think he has answered my 
the Constitution, might so operate upon the in- 
I wish to know whether the Senator 
question . 
stitution of slavery as to affect it, and probably 
jt_tstifies and approves the act of his Governor? 
extinguish it; but I did not. say that I (lid not ap- 
So far as the precedent of the Governor of Ken- 
prehend from Mr. Lincoln any violation of the 
tucky is concerned, I should be obliged to the 
I do appre- 
Constitution of the United States. 
Senator if he would produce it; but I do not be- 
hend that he will violate the Constitution whcn- 
I wish the 
lieve that any such precedent exists. 
ever he can with impunity; wherever he can 
gentleman to say directly whether or not he ap- 
affect the instit.ution of slavery by such violation. 
proves tbc act of his Governor in this case. 
Mr. WADE. It is of no great consequence I 
Mr. WADE. I do not care to be catechised 
what the Senator said on that subject. I will only 
on a question of law arising incidentally here; 
say that from Mr. Lincoln's character and con- 
and the reason is, because should want to go 
duct, frorn his youth up, you have no right to 
more deeply into the precedents and history of 
draw any inference that he will trespass upon the 
that kind of adjudication than Iam now prepared 
rights of any man; and if you harbor any such 
I certainly cannot condemn the Governor 
suspicion, it is in consequence of an unwarranted 
for. 
of Ohio for acting in accordance with that which 
prejudice, and nothing else. 
everybody may well sce might exist everywhere. 
Now, sir, I should like to have the Senators on 
I would like to answer us a judge would on the 
the other side tell me when ever a Republican has 
bench, when inquired of as to what is the law. 
violated, ever proposed to violate, a right„of 
I would not be governed by 
That determines it. 
I havc listened to your ar«ruments he-rc 
theirs. 
any pre.judiee growing out of the peculiar nature 
for about a i,vcclc. They are all in very general 
of the case; but should inquire what is the law. 
terms. 'l'hcy are. very loosely drawn indictments, 
I am for administering the law a} it is; and if 
Is 
and I do not know where •to rneet you at ail. 
anybody can tell me precisely what it is in this 
there. in our platforrn detrimental to 
respect, I arn for it without any regard to the' 
your rights, unless in modern times you have, set 
subiect-matter upon which it operates. 
up a construction of the Constitution of the Uni- 
MI'. 1 despair of getting an an- 
ted States differing from ours ?—wc following the 
I have 
swer from the Senator on that subject. 
old beaten track of every dcpartrnent of t hc Gov- 
brought case, and put it distinctly to him, 
crnment for more than seventy ycars„ and you 
and he refuses either to justify or condemn. I 
switching off, as it were, another track, and 
have brought forward a case in which the Re- 
setting up yours as orthodox—that isail. [Laugh- 
publican Governor of his own St.ate has put the 
tcr.] You say that we must follow you. We 
laws and Constitution of his country under his 
choose to follow the old landmarks. That is the 
feet, and, in my judgment, as I said the otherday, 
complaint against us. 
acted in disregard of his oath. The Senator does 
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Ohio will 
not meet the question. He speaks in eulogy of 
allow me. He seems to assert that wo have made 
the Republicans, as having executed the fugitive 
no specific charges affainst any Republican. -Why, 
slave law. I would ask that honorable Senator 
in the very few remarks which I made in the 
SIP, 
if he himself is in favor of the rigid execution of 
running debate a few days ago, I called the Sen- 
the fugitive slave law. It is unnecessary to be 
atop's attention to the act of the present Governor 
I wish to 
dealing in this kind of generalities. 
Dennison, of Ohio, who refused to deliver up a 
know from the honorable Senator himself, as one 
fugitive from justice from the State of Kentucky, 
of the leaders of his party, if he stands here to 
charged with the offensc of negro stealing. I wish 
proclaim to thc Senate, and to the country that he 
to know from the Senator, whether or not he 
IS in favor of executing the fugitive slave law; 
.jl_tstifies or approves of the action of Governor 
and I wish further to ask the Senator if the Re- 
Dennison in that case? That is a specific and 
publican Legislature of the State of Ohio has not 
direct charge upon the rocord. I have the record 
passed a statute backing up Governor Dennison 
I have the opinion of the attorney 
before me. 
in the decision to which I have referred, and 
general and Governor of Ohio setting forth dis- 
whether or not he approves of that legislation? 
tinctly that they refused to deliver that fugitive 
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, 1 do not know 
from justice, because he was not charged with an 
that I am a witness in this case; and certainly not 
offense that was a crime under the laws of Ohio, 
to answer all tile law quest-ions in the world. 
or the con)mon law. I wish to know distinctly l, 
I have told the Senator all that I 
[Laughter.] 
from the Senator whether he justifies his Governor 
think I ought to tell him. I am for the execution 
in that act? 
of any law that isa law; but am not here argu- 
Mr. WADE. The Senator has asked me a 
endo, on the spur of the occasion, to attempt to 
question that is a little difficult: it is a subject on 
decide what that law is on a disputed question. 
It isa 
which lawyers and judges may differ. 
I will never do that. [Mr. POWELL rose.] I 
question that I have investigated a little since it 
would rather not be interrupted, because nothing 
was up incidentally before. I know' that the prae- I 
tice of the different States has been variant upon I 
I do not 'ask the 
can corne of these questions. 
it; but B,'ir. Stanberry, now a citizen of the Sen- Senator any questions, and I do not like to bc 
ator's own State, and, I bclicve, one of the first questioned in this way, because it leads me Off 
lawyers in it, gave an opinion precisely like that from the train of rny argument. 
Mr.,P01MELL. 
of Mr. Dennison, upon which the present attor- 
noy general of Ohio founded his; and he says hc'li that are mala in se. I ask him whether he regards 
crot it froxn.tt ecision in Kontucky upon the same stealing a slave an offense of thit kind? 
