102 
and I shall talk to you, my southern friends, pre- tention on the part of the to 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
December 17, 
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, 1 do choose 
to be catechised on these subjects 
Mr. POWELL. 1 not. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Me. FOSTER 
in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio has the 
floor, unless he chooses to yield it. 
Mr. WADE. think 1 have made the 
answer to the Senator that I ought tomalce under 
the circumstances. 
Mr. POW ELL. if the Senator will allow me, 
I will say. that I have a resolution 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from Ohio give way ? 
Mr. POWELL. A resolution passed by the 
Republican State convention of his State in June 
last— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from Ohio give way to the Senator from Ken- 
tucky ? 
Mé. WADE. I would rather continuc my 
ar•umcnt. 
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me 
to catechise him on that resolution ? 
Mr. WADE. No, sir; I will not be catechised 
any further. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 suppose not. 
I would then 
say to the honorable Senator that he should not 
ask for special cases unless he is willing to be cat- 
echised and face the music on them. 
Mr. WADE I will not bc catechised upon 
the Levitical lay, or any other law, under these 
circu«mstances. 
It is very easy to ask a creat 
many questions that a man is not prepared to an- 
swer, especially a lawyer or a judge. 
I do not 
think there is any great difhcult•y involved in the 
questions that the gentleman puts; but they nre 
out of place; they are entirely disconnected with 
thc course of argument that I am put•suinff. 
Mr. POWELL. me, 
I will remind him that hc called upon Senators 
on this side o? thc Chamber to specify. 
Mr. WADE. I called upon tbcm to specify 
what they complained of in regard to the fugitive 
slavc bill, and the gentleman has got up a case 
where hc says the Governor of Ohio refused to 
issue his •,varrant to deliver up a fugitive from 
justice; and then hc catechises me us to whether 
I am in favor of tho decision or against it, or the 
legislation founded upon it. 
I do not. know any- 
thing about either, more than I havc statcd. 
Now, Mr. President, I have shown, I think, 
that the dominant nuijority here have nothing to 
complain of in the legislation of Congress, or in 
the •legislation of any of the States, or in the prac- 
tice of the people of the North, under the fugitive 
slave bill, except so far as they say certain State 
legislation fi.n•nishcs some evidence of hostility to 
their institutions. And here, sir, I beo• to make an 
observation. I tell the Senator, and I tell all the 
Senators, that tho Republican party of the north- 
ern States, so far as I know, and of my own State 
in particular, hold the sarnc opinions with 
to this peculiar institution of yours that are Tield 
by 8.11 the civilized nations of the world. We do 
not differ f'rom the public sentiment of England, 
of France, of Germany, of Italy, and overv other 
civilized nation on God 's earth; and I tell you 
frankly that you never {bund, and you never will 
find, a free community that are in love with your 
peculiar institution. The Senator from Texas 
[Mr. WIGFALL] told us the other day that eotton 
was king, and that by its influence it would gov- 
ern a'll creation. He did not say so in words, but 
that was thc substance of his remark: that cotton 
was king, and that it had its subjects in Europc 
who dared not rebel against it. Here let me say 
to that Senator, in passing, that it turns out that 
they are very rebellious subjects, and they are 
talking very disrespectfully at present of that 
king that he spoke of. They defy you to exer- 
cise your power over them. They tell you that 
they sympathize in this cont.roversy with what 
you call the black Republicans. Therefore I hope 
that, so far as Europe is concerned at least, we 
shall hear no more of this boast that cotton is 
king; and that he is croing to rule all the civilized 
nations of the world, and bring them to his foot- 
stool. Sir, it will never bc done. 
But, sir, I wish to inquire whether the southern 
people are injured by, or have any just right to com- 
plain of, thåt plattörm of principles that we put 
out, and on which we have elected a President and 
Viceæresidcnt. 
I have no concealments to make, 
cisely as J would talk upon the stump on the sub- 
I tell you that in that platform we did lay 
it down that we would, if we had the power, pro- 
hibit slavery from another inch of free territory 
I stand on that position 
under this Government. 
to-day. I have argued it probably to halfa mil- 
lion people. They stand there, and have commis- 
sioncd and cnjoincd me to stand there forevcr; 
and, so help me God, I will. I say to you frankly, 
genticmcn, that while we hold this doctrine, there 
is no Republican, there is no convention of Re- 
publicans, there is no paper that speaks for them, 
there is no 0K1tor that sets forth their doctrines, 
who ever pretends that they havc any right in 
your States to interfero with your peculiar insti- 
tution; but, on the other hand, our authoritative 
platform repudiates the idea that we have any 
right or any intQtion ever to invade your pecu- 
liar institution in your own States. 
Now, what do you complain of? You are going 
to break up this Government; you tire going to 
involve us in war and blood, from a more suspi- 
cion that we shall justify that uphich we stand 
everywhere pledged' not to do. -Would you be 
justificd in the c yes of the civilized world in 
taking so monstrous a Ijosition, and predicatincy 
it on a l)are, groundless suspicion? xvVe do not 
love slavery. Did you not know that before to- 
day? before this session commenced? Have you 
not a perfect confidence that the civilized world 
are a(rainst you on this subject of loving slavery 
or believing that it is thc best institution in the 
world? Why, sir, everything remains precisely 
as it was a year no-o. No great catastrophe has 
There is no recent occasion to accuse 
occurred. 
us of anything. But all at once, when we meet 
herc, a kind of gloom pervades the whole corn- 
luunity and the Senate Chamber. Gentlemen risc 
and tell us that they are on the eve of breaking 
up this Government, that seven or cight States 
arc going to break off their connection with the 
Government, retire from the Union, and set up a 
hostile Government of their own, arid they look 
imploringly over to us, and say to us 
you can 
prevent it; we can do nothina• to prevent; but it 
all lies with you." Well, sir, what can we do to 
préVcnt it? You hayc not even condescended to 
tell us what you want; but I think I see through 
the speeches that I have heard from gentlenncn 
the other side. If we would give up the ver- 
dict of the people, and take your platform, I do 
not know but you would be satisfied with it. 
think the Senator from Texas rather intimated, 
and think the Senator from Georgia inorc than 
intitnatcd, that if we would take what is exactly 
the Charleston platform on which Mr. Breckin- 
ridge was placcd, and givc up that on which we 
won our victory, you would grumblinely and 
hesitatingly bc satisfied. 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 would that the sen- 
ator would look over remarks before 
them so confidently. I made no such statement 
I did not say that I would be satisfied 
as that. 
with any such thing. 
I would not be satisfied 
with it. 
Mr. WADE. I did not say that the Senator 
said so; but-by construction I gathered that from 
his speech. I do not lfX)ow that I was right in it. 
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator is altogether 
wrono• in his construction. 
Mr. WADE. well, sir, 
I have now found 
what the Senator said on ghe other point to which 
he called my attention a little while ago. Here 
Nor do we suppose that there will be any overt acts 
upon tlrc part of Mr. Lincoln. I"or one, I do not (Irrad these 
overt acts. 
I do not propose to •wait ihr them. 
VVbv, sir, 
the powcr of this Federal Governincnt could bc so exercised 
against thc institution of slavery in the southern States, as 
that, without an overt aet, the institution would not last 
ten years. We kno•.v that, sir; and seeing the stonn which 
is approaching, although it may be seern•ingly in the dis- 
tane.e. we are determined to seek our own saléty and secu- 
pity be(örc it shall burst upon us and o•erwbeitn us with 
its fury, when we are not in a situation to defend our- 
selves." 
That is q,'hat the Senator said. 
Mr. IVERSON. Yes; that is what said. 
Mr. WADE. Well, then, you did not expect 
that Mr. Lincoln would commit any overt act 
against the Constitution—that was not it—you 
were not going to wait for that, but were 
to proceed on your supposition that probably hc 
might: and that is the sense of what I said beiöre. 
• Wei], Mr. President, I have disavowed all in- 
harm a hair of your heads anywhdre. •we hotd 
to no doctrine that can possibly work you an 
inconvenience. We have been faithful to the 
execution of all the laws in which you have any 
interest, as stands confessed on this floor by your 
own party, and as is known to me without their 
It is not, then, that Mr. Lincoln is 
confessions. 
expected to do any overt act by which you rnay 
be injured; you will not m,vait for any; but antic- 
ipating that the Government may work an in- 
jury, say you will put an end to it, which 
means simply, that you intend either to rule or 
ruin this Government. .That is what your com- 
plaint comes to; nothing else. We do not like 
your institution, you say. Well, we never liked 
It any better than we do now. You might as 
well have dissolved the Union at any other period 
as now, on that account, for we stand in relation 
to it precisely as we have ever stood: that is, rc- 
it among ourselves as a matter of policy 
and morals, but ncvertheless admitting that where 
it is out of our jurisdiction, we have no hold 
upon it, and no designs upon it. 
Then, sir, as there is nothing in the platform 
on which Mr. Lincoln was elected of which you 
complain, I ask, is there anything in the charac- 
ter of tho President clcct of which you ought to 
complain? Has he not lived a blameless life? 
Did he ever trarnsgress any law? Has he ever com- 
mitted any violation of duty of which the most 
scrupulous can complain? Why, then, your sus- 
picions that he will? Ihave shown that you have 
I had the Government all the time until, by some 
misfortune or maladministration, you brought it 
to the very verge of destruction, and the wisdom 
of the people 'had discovered that it was hWh 
time that the scepter should depart from you, and 
be placed in more competent hands; I say that 
this being so, you have no constitutional right to 
complain ; especially when we disavow any inten- 
tion so to make use of the victory we have won 
I as to injure you at all. 
This 'brings me, sir, to the question of com- 
promises. On the first dayof this session, a Sen- 
ator rose in his place and offered a resolution for 
the appointment of a committee to inquire into 
the evils that exist betwccn thc different sections, 
and to ascertain what can be done to settle this 
great diffculty! That is t.he proposition, sub. 
stantially. I tell the Senator that I know of no 
I difficulty; and as to compromises, I had supposed 
that we werc all agreed that the day of compro- 
mises was at an end. The most solemn com- 
promises we have ever made have been violated 
without a whei•eas. Since I have had a seat in 
this body, one of considerable antiquity, that had 
stood for morc than thirty years, was swept away 
from your statute-books. When I stood herc in 
the minority arguing against it; when I asked you 
to withhold your lland; when I told you it was a 
sacred compromise between the sections, and that 
when it was removed we should be brought face 
to facc with all that sectional bitterness that has 
intervened; when I told you that it was a sacred 
compromise which no man should touch with his 
finger, what was your reply? That it was a mere 
act of Congress—nothing more, nothing less—and 
that it could be swept away by the samc majority 
that passed it. '1" hat was true in point of fact, 
and true in point of law; but it showed tho weak- 
ness of compromises. Now, sir, 1 0111 v speak 
for myself; and I say that, in vicw of the manner 
in which other compromises have been heretofore 
treated, I should hardly think any two of the 
Democratic party would look each other in the 
face and say "compromise' 
without a sn)ile. 
[Laughter.] A compromise to be brought about 
by act of Congress, after the experience we have 
had, is absolutely ridiculous. 
But what have we to compromise? Sir, I am 
one of those who went forth with zeal to main- 
I tain the principles of the great Rcpublican party. 
i In a constitutional way we met, as you met. We 
nominated our candidates för President and Vice 
. President, and you did the same for yourselves. 
The issue was madc up; and we went to tha peo- 
ple upon it. Although vve have been usually in 
the minority; although we have been oeneratly 
beaten, yet, this time, the justice of our princi- 
ples, and the Inalachninistration of the Govern- 
ment in your hands, convinced the peoplc that a 
change ou&ht to be wrought; and after you had 
tried your utmost, and we had tried our ut.n)ost, 
we beat you; and we beat you upon the plainest 
