1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
105 
retary of the Interior, recommending an appro- 
priation to supply a deficiency in the appropria- 
tion for thc suppression of the slave trade for the 
fiscal year ending June 30, 1861, and an appro- 
priation for the suppression of the slave trade for 
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1862; which was 
referred to the Committee of and Means, 
and ordered to be printed. 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. 
Mr. CARTER. I ask the unanimous consent 
of the House to set apart some day for the con- 
sideration of business relative to the District of 
Colum bia. 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from 
New York indicate a day for the judgment of 
the House? 
Mr. CARTER. I will name to-morrow, (Tues- 
day,) as -Wednesday and Thursday have been 
set apart for other business. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New 
York broposes that to-morrow be set apart for 
the consideration of business for the District of 
Columbia. 
Mr. BURNETT. to the chairman 
of the Committee for the bistr,ict of Columbia 
that it would be better to fix a day at a later 
period; say next Thursday week. 
Mr. CARTER. very well, sir. 
The SPEAKER. Thursday week is now pro- 
posed by the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. BURNETT. That day will be within 
I would suggest next Monday— 
the holidays. 
this day week. 
IVIt•. CRAWFORD. we shall probably ad- 
journ on Saturday of this week until next Mon- 
'day week; and if the District of Columbia really 
has any business that needs attention, it will be 
well to give them some day when they can be 
heard. 
Mr. CARTER. Then 1 will fix upon two 
weeks from Thursday next. 
'I'he question weas taken on Mr. CARTER'S mo- 
tion; and it was agreed to. 
CALL OF STATES FOR DILLS. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair, under the rule, 
will now call the States and Territories for bills 
and resolutions—first for bills; and as some mem- 
bers may not remember the rule on this subject, 
It is rule 130. 
the Clerk will read it. 
The Clerk read the rule, as follows: 
130. All the States and 'I'erritories shali be called for bills 
on leave and resolutions on cach alternate Monday during 
each session of Congress; and, if necessary to secure the 
object. on said days, all resolutions which shall give rise to 
debate shall lie over för discussion, und6r the rules of the 
House already established : and the whole of said days shall 
he appropriated to bills on leave and resolutions, until all the 
States and Territories are called through. And the Speaker 
shall first call the States and 'I'erritoricg for bills 01k leavc ; 
and all bills so introduced during the first hour aft.cr the 
Journal is read shall be referred, without debatc, to their 
appropriate connnittecs: Provided, howeccr, 'Ithat a bill so 
introduccd and referred shall not be brought back into thc 
House upon a znotion to reconsider." 
The SPEAKER. In pursuancc of that rule, 
the Chair will now call the States and Territories 
for bills, beginning with the State of Maine. 
PROGRESS OF 'I'llE USEFUL ARTS. 
Mr. BURNHAM introduced a bill to promote 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 have no objection to that. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. 1 propose to 
have the report printed, and a day assigned for 
the consideration of the ease. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to assigning any 
day for its consideration until other orders are 
disposed of. 
Mr. JOHN 1-1. REYNOLDS. If there is any 
objection, I withdraw the report. 
Mr. HICKMAN. I hope there will bc no ob- 
jection to havino• a day assigned for the consid- 
It is very important that 
erntion of this case. 
this report should be made, so that the members 
of the House may have an opportunity of exam- 
ining it before they are called upon to act; and I 
think the gentleman from Tennessee should not 
raise this objection. Each member of the House 
must desire to have the printed report before him, 
and a day assigned for its consideration, so that 
if an impeachment of Judge. Watrous should be 
ordered by this House, it may go to the Senate 
at the earliest possible day. 
This case has occasioned a great deal of ex- 
pense, and a large consumption of time; and if 
it is delayed until the close of this session, it may 
be that time and expense will have been expended 
1 trust, therefore, that the objection may 
vam. 
be withdrawn. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 would ask the chairman 
of the Judiciary Committee whether the exami- 
nation had before his committee at this Congress 
has been an parte one, or whether the examina- 
tion has been conducted in the presence of the. 
party acc.used? 
Mr. HICKMAN. The examination was not 
conducted in the presence of Judce Watrous, 
and it was ea,• pcrte. 
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be recollected that 
in the Thirty-Fourth Congress a similar investi- 
gation of this case was had-by the Judiciary Com- 
mittce, and they reported, I believe unanimously, 
a resolution of impeachment, that was not acted 
upon. In the Thirty-Fifth Congress the case. 
was again brought up and referred to the Judiciary 
Committee. Judge S•Vatrous appeared beföre the 
committee, as I understand, by himself and by 
counsel, and a very full and elaborate investiga- 
tion was had of the case. A report was then 
made, four of ti-le committee recommending the 
impeachment of Judge Watrous, four recom- 
mending his discharge, and one—judge Caskic, 
of Virginia—not acting. A day was ftssigned for 
a hearing of the case in the I-louse. 
It was very 
fully and elaborately argued on both sides, and 
I more fully considered, probably, than any other 
question that camc up before the last Congress, 
• unless it was the Lecompton bill; and after full 
the House, by a 
investio•ation and discussion, 
very decided majority, voted against the impeach- 
It seems that the matler has again been 
Inent. 
referred to the Judiciary Committee; all) ec parte 
, examination has been had, as the chairman of the 
committee informs us, and we are asked again to 
T suppose it was purely accidental 
consider it. 
that, ii') orcanizing the Committee on the Judi- 
ciary of this House, none of the gentlemen on that 
committee who reported in favor of Judge Wat- 
rous replaced upon it. I refér to the gentle- 
man from North Carolina, [Mr. CRAIGE,] the gen- 
the progress of the usefu•l arts; which was reada 11 eman from New York, [Mr. CLARK,] and the 
first arid second time, and referred to the Com- 
miltee on Patents. 
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN NEW YORK. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS introduced a bill 
to establish an additional judicial district in the 
State of New York, and in relation to thc courts 
of the United States in said State; which was read 
a first and second time, and referred to the Com- 
mittee on the Judiciary. 
CASE OF JUDGE WATROUS. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. 1 do not know 
whether it, is in order at this time or not; but I 
desire the unanimous consent of the House to 
make, a rcpot•t from the Committee on the Judi- 
ciary in the case of Judge Watrous. 
The SPEAKER. It is not in by 
unanimous consent. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. TYVell,1 ask the 
unanimous consent of the House. 
Mr. BURNETT. Let us hear what his 
report is. 
The SPEAKÉR. It is in the case of Judge 
Watrous. 
gentler-nan frotn New Hampshire, [MP. TAPPAN.] 
'i'hc fourth member of the committee who reported 
in favor of Judge Watrous—Mr. Ready, of Ten- 
nessec—is no longer a member of the House. I 
am opposed to consuming this session, which is 
short, and which will necessarily be occupied 
vy'ith the gravest and most important questions, 
to the very existence and perpetuity of our 
Union, by setting apart any day for the special 
I examination of this case, which was so fully ex- 
amined arid disposed of in Congress. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. If 1 have no 
opportunity of havincy a day set apart for the 
consideration of the case, I withdraw the report. 
Mr. HOUSTON. What disposition has been 
made of the re ort? 
The SPEAICER. The gentleman from New 
York has withdrawn it. 
Mr. HOUSTON. was the committee called 
regularly ? 
The SPEAKER. No, sir; the gentleman asked 
unanimous consent to make the report, and it 
He novvr withdraws it. 
was cnven. 
Mr. HOUSTON. My that con- 
sent had better be given to allow the report to 
come in and be printed, because it: is, as I under- 
stand, voluminous, and that was one of the dif- 
ficulties that stood in the Way of the investigation 
of the case when it was reported by the commit* 
tee of the last Congress. The evidence is very 
voluminous, and it wras not examined, There 
were a great many members who nevei• read' it 
at all; and they were candid enough to say so, 
and will tell you so now. I think the ends of 
justice will be promoted by allowing the report 
to be made and printed, so that members can ex- 
amine it. 
If there be no objection to assigning a 
day for its consideration, of course the objection 
will hold good; but I do think the report ought, 
to be brought before the House at the earliest 
practicable mmnent. 
I'vlr. MAYNARD. will be recollected, Mr. 
Speaker, that at the close of the first session of 
the last Congress a rcport was madein this case; 
the report and evidence ordered to be printed; and 
a day set apart. for their consideration at.an early 
period of the second session. 
A MEMBER. I make the point of order that all 
this debate is out of order. 
The SPEAKER. The point of order being 
made, the Chair must ruie the discussion out of 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. 1 withdraw the 
report. 
LA*TDS OF NEW YORK INDIANS. 
Mr. FENTON presented memorials from the 
following tribes of New York In(lians, viz: Ca- 
yugas, Oneidas, Tuscaroras, Onondagas, and Sen- 
ecas, praying compensation for lands in Kansas 
under the treaty of January 15, 1838; which were 
sevcrally referred to the Committee on Indian 
Affairs. 
WILLIAM A. LINN'S ESTATE. 
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 ask that the Senate bill 
(No. 518) for the relief of William A. Linn's 
estate be taken from the Speaker's table, and 
referred to thc Committee on the Judiciary. 
The bill was read a first and sccond time. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. the bill in order under 
the call? 
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent. 
Mr. HICKMAN. My object have 
the bili referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 object to its being 
, up and referred, unless it is done regularly in 
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 suppose, Mr. Speaker, 
that the objectiu comes too late, the bill havin& 
been read a firstaii(l second tirne. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 objected at the first 
moment I possibly could after the bill was read 
bv the Clerk, and as soon as I could understand 
what it was. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the 
tion comes in time. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 ask whether this bill is 
not in regard to the subject-matter of mileage ? 
Mr. MICKMAN. No, sir, 1 believe not. 
1 
really do not myself understand what the bill is 
about. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. My understanding is that 
it is a bill touching the matter of mileage due to 
an ex-member. 
The SPEAKER. The bill seems to be in ref- 
erence to the discharge of certail') sureties. 
Mr. HICKMAN. The bill by both 
I-louses at the last session; but, as the President 
did not receivc it till the las't day of the 
declined to sign it for that reason. 
The bill was read for information. It directs 
the Secretary of the Treasury to satisfy a judg- 
ment rendered by the circuit court of the county 
of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri, at the Oc- 
tober term of 1857, in favor of Tåomas C, Rey- 
nolds and against the late William A. Linn, 
defending Linn in a sait brought against him as 
an offcer of the United States. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 have, no objection. to 
that bill being referred. 
The bill was referred to the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
COMPROMISE MEASURES. 
Mr.9 FLORENCE. I ask leave to Submit prop- 
ositions with a view to their reference to the com- 
mittee. of thirt.y-t_hree. I simply desire them to 
be read and referred. 
