1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
109 
in the affirmative—yeas 156, nays none; as fol- 
lows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Allen, 
Alley, Thornas L. Anderson. iVilliam C. Anderson, Ash- 
ley, Avery, Babbitt, Barret, jeale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, 
Bocock, Botclcr, Bouligny, Branch, Brayton, Briggs, 
Brown, Bufünton, Burlincame, Burnett, Burnham, Butter- 
field, Campbell, Carey, Ca-rter, Case, Horace F. Clark, John 
B. Clark, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfüx, Conkling, Covode, 
Cox, James Craig, Crawförd, John G. Davis, Dawes, De 
Jarnette, Delano, Duc)l, Dunn, Edmundson, Edwards, 
Eliot, Elv, English, Etheridge, Farns'vorth, Fenton, Flor- 
ence, Fouke, Frank, French, Garnett, Gilmer, Gooeh, Cra- 
ham, Grow, Hale, Hall, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, 
John T. Harris, Hatton, I-Iehnick, Hill, Hindman, Holman, 
Hiunphrey, Irvine, Jackson, 
VVilüam Howard, I-lughes, 
Jenkins, Jones, Jun kin, Kenyon, Kilgore, Kiliinger, Lan- 
drum, Larrabce, Dell-Vitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, 
Leake, Logan, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maclay, 
Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, 
McClernand, McKean, McKenty, McPherson, Millward, 
Montgomery, Laban 'It. Moore, Moorhead, Edward Joy 
Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Nixon, Noell, Olin, 
M orris, 
Pa!mcr, Pendleton, Pettit, Porter, Pottle, Pryor, Quarles, 
Edwin H. Reynolds, John H. Reynolds, Rice, Royce, Ruffn, 
Scott, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, Silnms, 
Spinner,- Stanton, Stevenson, Stokes, Stout, 'l'haycr, 
'I'homas, Tompkins, '_INrain, Trimble, Vance, Vandever, 
Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, C.adwalader C. Wash- 
burn; Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Webster, 
Wells, Wilson, Wood, Woodson, and Wright—156. 
NAYS—None. 
So the preamblc to the resolution was agreed to. 
Mr. FOUKE moved to dispense with the read- 
ing of the names. 
The Inotion •wras agreed to. 
Mr. BRANCH. Let the names in the nega- 
tive bc rcad. [Laughter.] 
The vote was announced as above recorded. 
Mr. A DRAIN moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the preamble was agreed to; and also 
moved to lay •the motion to reconsider upon the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
I'vlr. LOVEJOY. Has the morning hour ex- 
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then 1 ask the unanimous 
consent of the I-louse to offer n resolution; and I 
ask that it be read for inforrnation. 
Mr. FLORENCE. pointoforder, 
that all the Slates have not been called under the 
I will not object to the gentleman's resolu- 
{ion if it comes in regularly on call. 
The SPEAKER. Let the resolution be read. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 have no objection. 
The resolution was read, as follows: 
Whereas the Constitution of the Unit.ed States is the 
aud its ready aud faithf'ui observ- 
suprelne law of' the land, 
ance the duty of all good and law-abiding citizens : 'l'herc- 
Resolved, 'I'hat deprecate the spirit of disobedience 
and that •.ve 
to that Constitution wherever 
earnestly recorrnnend the repeal of all statutes, including 
nullification laws so called, enacted by State Leuislatures, 
-•acred instrulncnt. 
conflietin" with, and in violation of, that 
and 
and the, laws of Congress n)adc in pursuance thereof; 
it is the duty of the ['resident of the United States to pro- 
tect and (lcfOnd tbc property of the United States. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move the previous ques- 
lion on thc r•csolntion. 
A M EMBER. It is not in yet. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. was there any objection? 
A M EMBER. Certainly. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then 1 move to suspend the 
Mr. BURNETT. should 
not vote on this resolution; and if the gentlenlatl 
wiki pcrrnit us to amend the resolution, I am ready 
to vote on it. 
I move to suspend 
Mr. LOVEJOY. No sir. 
the rules. 
Mr. CRASVFORD. Is that motion in order? 
The SPEAKER. It is; the morning hour 
having expired, and this being Monday. The 
mot.ion to suspend the rules is therefore In order. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. The truth is, Mr. Speaker, 
that there- is no propriety, as I conceive, in un- 
dertaking to fool each other or the country by 
the resolution that may be introduced. Now, let 
us meet this question fairly. The gentleman from 
Illinois is not afraid to vote for anything which 
hc is in favor of; nor am I. Let a resolution be 
introduced by t.he member from Ohio, or thc 
member, 
member from Illinois, or any other 
stating exactly what each of us understands to 
bc our constitutional in regard to slavery, 
i have no objection to vote 
and let us vote on it. 
on any proposition thal may be presented. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, Then let us 
have a vote on this. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have no objection to what 
the gentleman from Gcorgia proposes, after this 
resolution shall be disposed of. I have moved to 
suspend the rules. It was gentlemen on that side 
of ther House who commenced " whipping the 
devil round the stump." We did not commenceit. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 did not. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 believe not; but your side 
of the House did. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 rise to a pointof order. 
That is, that no business is in order until all the 
States shall have been called. I refer to the 130th 
rule of the House, which is as follows: 
All the States and Territories shall be called for bills on 
leave and resolutions on each alternate Monday during 
each session of Congress ; and, if necessary to secure the 
object on said days, ait resolutions which shall give rise to 
debate, shall lie over for discussion, under the rules of the 
Ilouse already established ; and the whole of *said days 
shall be appropriated to bills on leavc and resolutions, until 
all the States and Territories are called through." 
The SPEAKER. There is another rule which 
declares that on Monday of each week, at the 
expiration of one hour after the Journal has been 
read, the Speaker may entertain a motion to sus- 
pend the rules. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir, except on this 
alternate Monday. Herc isan express rule, which 
provides that the States shall be called through 
for resolutions. 
The SPEAKER. It has been the practice, 
after one hour, to entertain motions under that 
Mr. FLORENCE. very well. Then 1 want 
to reform a bad practice; and I submit to the 
Speaker whether, with this rule staring him full 
in the face, reQuiring that each of the States shall 
have that equalily required by the Constitution, 
I am to bc prevented from pertbrming my duty to 
my constituents? 
Mr. GROW. The motion to suspend the rules 
includes, of course, suspension of the rule which 
m colleague has read. 
The SPEAKER. The. motion to suspend the 
ru!es is in order, and no debatc is in order. 
Mr. LOGAN. 1 hope will be no objec- 
tion on this side of the House to the introduciion 
of the resolution. I can sce no difference, myself, 
between this resolution and tho one just passed, 
I can find but 
except in regard to the verbia«re. 
one objection to the resolution, and that is the 
usc of thc words declaring that all law-abiding" 
citizens should obey tho Constitution. I think 
that all men should so. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 desire gentleman from 
Illinois to understand that i make no objection to 
the resolution. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I accept the amendment sug- 
gested b v my colleague. 
Mr. LOGAN. It certainly should include mem- 
bers of Congress; but if it is allowed to remain 
all good and law-abiding" citizens, I do not 
think it will include them. [Laughter.] 
The resolution was modified by the omission 
of those words. 
The. rules were suspended; and the resolution 
was introduced. 
Mr. LOVEJOY called for tho yeas and nays 
on the adoption of his resolution. 
The yeas and nays werc ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the aflirmative—yeas 136, navs none; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adarns, Adrain, Aldrich, Allcn, 
Alley, Thornas L. Anderson, VVillian1 C. Anderson, Ash- 
ley, Avery, Babbitt, l',cale, Binzita:n, Blair, Blake, Bote- 
Bu tiinton, Burlingame, Bur- 
lcr, Boukigny, Brayton, Brimre 
nett. Buruhanl, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, 
Cobi), Colfax, Conkling, Covode, Co.x, Jaxnes Craig. John 
(}. I)awes, l)clano, Duell, I)unn, Edgerton, 
inundson, Edwards, Eliot, my, Etheridge, Farns- 
Giltncr, Gooch, Graham, Gt•osv, I laic, J. Morrison Harris, 
I-lindtnan, 
Hatton, Ileimick, Hicklnan, Hill, 
I-lutehins, 
Humphrey, 
nnnn, VVil\ia111 
I rvino, Junkin, Francis Keilo;xg, Kenyon, Kilevore, Kil- 
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 desire to ask the 
tleman from Illinois whether, in his opinion— 
[calls to ' 'Order!" I I! ho e no gentleman wili ob- 
ject to my asking him— cries Df Call the roll ! "J 
whether, in his opinion, these personal liberty 
bills are in conflict with the Constitution of the 
United States, and whether he is in favor of 
returning fugitive slaves ? 
Mr. LOVEJOY. That has nothing to do with 
this resolution. 
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 shall decline to vote on 
that resolution, because I believe it is a fraud, and 
intended to deceive the people of the country. 
[Calls to Order!" 
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will proceed to 
call the roll. 
The call of the roll was proceeded with. 
Mr. BARKSDALE (when his namÖwas called) 
said: I decline to vote on that resolution because 
it means nothing, its object being to practice a 
cheat on the people of the cown.try. The author 
of this resolution [calls to " Order ! ' stands on 
the floor of the House—[Renewed calls to 
'The SP No debate is in order. 
Mr. BARKSDALE. declared on the floor 
of the House that he was opposed to rcturnin 
fugitive slaves, and he darc not deny it. [Louä 
calls to Order!" 
Mr. HILL. Perhaps he has altered his opin- 
Ions. 
Mr. HUGHES (when his name ',vas called) 
said: I•dcsire to inquire of the mover of the reso- 
lution whether he is aware that there are any 
nullifying acts on the statute-books of any State 
in the Union except the personal liberty bills? 
[Calls to Order!" 
Mr. MAYNARD (when his was called) 
said: It seems to me that this resolution is identi- 
cally the same as that just adopted. Nullificatk)n 
is a mere synonym for personal liberty bills. 
therefore vote for this resolution, as did for the 
other. 
Mr. QUARLES stated that his colleague, Mr. 
NELSON, was engaged on the special committee 
of th irty.three. 
Mr. HILL (when his name was called) said: 
I beg leave to say that I have becn looking with 
a good deal of concern and interest for some man- 
Testation of returning good will and conservatism 
in our country; and I am willing to confess my 
astonishment and gratification at the same time, 
at the exhibition of it on the part of the member 
from Illinois, [Mr. LOVEJOY.] I had notexpected 
it. [Laughter.] 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the gentleman 
giving any interpretation to my conduct. 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. 
Mr. HILL. This proposition has come from 
It affords me, 
a quarter where I least expected it. 
nevertheless, great satisfaction. 
Mr. GROW. 1 object to debate. 
Mr. HILL. I vote for the resolution. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 that the gentle- 
man from Georgia expects, in regard to the gen- 
tleman from Illinois, that 
While the lamp holds out to burn, 
The vilest sinncr may return." 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then there is some hope yet 
for the gentleman from Pennsylvania. [Laugh- 
ter. 
r. ELIOT stated that Mr. MARSTON was con- 
fined to his room by sickness. 
Mr. BABBITT (not having ..been within the 
bar when his name was called) asked leave to 
vote. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 object. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 appeal to the gentleman 
I from Virginia not to interrupt this era of good 
linger, Larrabee, i)cVVitt C. Leneb, .lamcs M. Leach, Lee, 
. Longnecker, Loomis. Lovejoy, Maclay, Charles 
i). Martin, S. Martin, Maynard, McClernand, Mc- I 
Kean, -McKcntv, McKnight, McPherson, Millward, Mont- 
Laban Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, 
goinerv. 
Pa\mer, Perry, Porter 
Isaac N, Morns, Nib\ack. Noell, 
Potter, Pottie, Quarles, Edwin 'R. Iteynolds. John II. Rey- 
Ruilin, Scott, Sedgnvjck, Shennan, 
no}ds. Rice, Riuus 
Spauldingl. Spinner, Stanton. i Viiliarn Stewart, Stokes, 
ble. Vance, Van- 
' Rappan, 'i'hayer, Train. 
dever, Vcrree, VVade, 'Waldron, Walton, Ellihu B. VVash- 
Israel Hiashburn, VVebster, vvélls, Wilson, and 
wood—1'J6. 
NAYS—Nonc. 
So the resolution was adopted. 
feeling by obiectinff to my colleague's voting. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, withdrew his objec- 
tion. 
Mr. BABBITT. 1 vote ay." 
Mr. BRANCH said: I approve of all that the 
resolution cont{lins•, l)ut inasmuch as the passage 
of it at this tilne can have no practical Import, 
except in favor of civil war, I decline to vote 
at ail. 
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say that, in my 
judgment, this resolution does not admit of any 
such construction by the remotest sort of impli- 
I voted for the resolution, and I would 
catzon. 
not, under any circumstances, vote for it, if it, by 
implication, looked to using force •by thc Presl- 
