1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
111 
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. Speaker, before voting 
I desire to put a question to the mover of this 
resolution, simply for information, sir. Does not 
this resolution, in one of its parts, in general lan- 
guage declare that in no conceivable state of cir- 
curnstances should the Union be dissolved? So 
understanding it, sir—and i? i am wrong, 
I hope, 
the gentleman will correct me—while i declare 
myself to be as ardently attached to the Union of 
these States as any man within their limits, and 
exceedingly anxious that our present diffculties 
should be adjusted, and that Union thereby pre- 
served, I am not willing to join in so broad a dec- 
laration, Consequently I vöte " no." [Applause 
and hisses in the galleries and upon the floor.] 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. lhopc that 1 will 
be allowed to answer the question of the gentle- 
man from Maryland. [Cries of" No!" 
Too 
late!" ' 'l object P'] The. language of my reso- 
lution is that of Washington 's Farewell Address; 
are gentlemen afraid of it? [Cries of Order ! ' ' 
Mra HILL. I am willing, for one, that Wash- 
ington 's Farewell Address should be read every 
morning after prayers, if it would be productive 
of any beneficial effect. But I do not like the 
phraseology of tho resolution, and I therefore 
vote against it. 
am as much in favor of the 
Union as I ever have been. 
The vote was announced as above recorded. 
Mr. MORRIS, of I Ilinois, moved to reconsider 
the vote by which the resolution was adopted; 
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be 
laid upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
ADJOURNMENT OVER 1101,1DAYS. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I ask leave 
to offer a resolution in reference to an adjourn- 
ment over the holidays. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 hope the gentleman 
from Illinois will waive his resolution until I can 
offer a resolution upon which we probabiy can all 
affl•ee. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I cannot 
yield now. When my resolution is acted upon 
there will bc time enoucrh to act on the gentle- 
man 's proposition. The Clerk will read my res- 
olution. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the two 
Houses adjourn on 'lthursday next, the 20th instant, thcy 
adjourn to meet on Wednesday, January 2, 1861. 
Mr. BRIGGS. Now is thc time that the Rep- 
resentatives of the people should be at their posts, 
and I object to the resolution. 
Mr.WAS1-1BURNE,0f111inois. Imove,then, 
that the rules be suspended, in order that •I may 
introduce the resolution. 
Mr. McKNIG1-1T. 1 demand the ycas and 
nays on the motion to suspend the rules. 
The yeas and nays were ordcrcd. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the negative—yeas 84, nays 84; as fi)llows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Aldrich, Alley, IVilliam 
C. Anderson, Avery, Barksdale, Barret, Boteler, Bouligny, 
Branch, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clopton, 
John Cochrane, Conkling, Covodc, James Craig, Craw- 
ford, John G. I)avis, I)uéil, Edgerton, Edtnundson, Eliot, 
Eli'. English, Farnsworth, Florcnce, Fouke, Frank,Garnett, 
Graham, Grow, Hall, John T. Harris, Hickman, 
Hill, Holman, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Killinger, Lan- 
drum, Larrabcc, L,cakc, Lovc, Lovejoy, Maynard. McKean, 
•Millward, Sydenham Moore, Moorhcad, Niblack, Nixon, 
Peyton, Potter, Quarics, Reagan, Edwin R. Reynolds, Rice; 
Riggs, Jarnes C. Robinson, Scott, Scranton, Sedgwick, 
Sickies, Singleton, William Smith, William N. 11. S,nith, 
Stallworth, Stevenson, William Stewart, 'I'bayer, 'l'homas. 
Underwood, Vandever, Ellihu B. VVashliurne, Israel Wash: 
VVood, Woodeor„ and VVright—84. 
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Allen, Th0!nas L. Anderson, 
Ashley, Ashmore, Babbitt, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bray- 
ton, Briggs, BufliEiton, Buriinga•ne, Burnhaln, Carey, Car- 
ter, Case, Cobb, Cok1hX: Cox, De .!arnett.e, Dof- 
a-no, Dunn, Edwards, Etherid'-re. Fenton, Foster, Gihner, 
lie!mick, 
I-I indinnn, Hoard, 
Gooch, Gurley, 
Hardeman. 
Irvine, 
William Iloward, Hughcs, Hutchins, 
Junkill, Francis W. Kellogg, 
Kilgore, DeWitt C. Leach, 
.Jm»es M. Leach, Lee. Logan, Loon) is, Charles D. Martin. 
Elbert S. Martin, McClernand, McKenty, McKnight, Me- 
Phereon, McQueen, Montgmnery, Laban Moore, Ed- 
ward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Noell, Palmer, Pendle- 
Pettit, Porter, Pottle, Pryor, Royce, .Ruifin, 
ton, Perry, 
Silmns, Spaulding, Spinnct, Stanton, Stokes, 
Tompkins, 'l'rain, 'Primblé, Vance, Wade, Waldron, Wai- 
too, wells, and Wilson—84. 
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds 
not voting in favor thereof.) 
DEFICIENCY DILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Before moving that the 
House adjourn, 1 give notice that I wil\, to-mor- 
row, call up the deficiency appropriation bill. 
There are many laborers and others who need 
the money, and are anxious to have it. I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the gentleman to 
withdraw his motion to adjourn, so that I can 
oflör a resolution. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my motion for 
that purpose. 
SLAVERY. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 offer the following 
lution: 
Resolved, That the Constitution of the United States 
recognizes property in slaves; that Congrcss has passed 
laws to aid slaveholders in recapturing their slaves when- 
ever they escape and rnake their way into the free States ; 
that the Supreme Court of the United States have decided 
that negroes were not included, either in the Declaration of 
independence or in thc Constitution of the United States 
except as slaves, and that they cannot becorne citizens ; an 
we, the members of this House, hereby sustain and will 
support this construction of the Constitution, these laws, 
and said decision of the Supreme Court. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Pending the resolution, 1 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
EXCUSED FROM SERVICE. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, 1 
ask to be excused from further service on the se- 
lcct committee of thirty-three, upon the ground 
that by its action it forces the southern members 
upon It to make further concessions to the No•rth, 
and indicates its determination to yield nothing 
to the South. make the motion to be excused. 
The question was taken; and the motion was 
ao•recd to. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Is there objection to the 
introduction of my resolution ? 
The SPEAKER The Chair has heard none. 
Mr. CRIH'VFORD. Let us vote on the, reso- 
lution this evening. [Criesof" Vote " Vote!"' 
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my motion to 
adjourn; and demand the previous question on 
the resolution. 
The call for the previous question was•seconded, 
and the maill question ordered. 
Mr. CRAWFORD demanded the yeas and 
nays. 
T hc yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. SPAULDING. 1 ask for adivision ofthe 
resolution. 
believe in the truth of the second 
proposition—" that Congress has passed laws to 
aid slaveholders in recapturing thcn• slaves when- 
ever they escapc and make their way into the 
free States." 
I'hüt is true. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir. [Laughter.] There 
are no such laws and no such words. 
Mr. SPAULDING. 1 insist on a division of 
the question. 
Mr. GROW. If we are called upon to vote on 
halfa dozen different propositions, I move that 
the resolution be laid upon the table. [Cries of 
Mr. BRIGGS. 1 move that now 
adjourn . 
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the resolution come 
up to-morrow, if vie adjourn, or will it go over 
until next Monday ? 
The SPEAKER. It will come up to-morrow 
as unfinished business. 
Mr. GROiV. I withdraw my motion. 
The question was taken on Mr. BRIGGS'S mo- 
tion; and it was ag•rced to. 
And thereupon (at five minutes to four o'clock, 
p. m.) the House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
TUESDAY, Decenlber 18, 1860. 
Prayer by thc Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal o€ycstcrday was read and approved. 
BILL BECOME A LAW. 
A message from the President of the United 
States, by Mr. ADAM J. GLOSSBRENNER, his Sec- 
relary , an nou nced that the Presiden had approved, 
on the 17th instant, an act (S. No. .82) to amend 
the fourth section of the act for tho admission of 
Oregon into the Union, so as to extend 'the time 
for selecting salt sprincrs and eontWuous lands in 
Oregon. 
COURT OF CLAIMS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- 
ate reports fronl the Court of Ciaims, made in 
pursuance of law, adverse to the claim of Samuel 
Norris; the claim of R. R. Ward and others, ase 
signees of Jacob Barker; the claim of Johnc P. 
Bald win ; the claim of Richard Irwin, trustee ofthe 
president, directors, and company of thc Mechan- 
' Bank of New York; the claim of Jaques Char- 
lant, representative of Peter Charlant; the claim 
of Charles J. Jenkins and William M. Mann, 
of John McKinne; the claim of Elias 
Brevoort and Joab Houghton; the claim of James 
W. Knaggs, administrator, with the will annexed, 
of Witmore Knaggs; the claim of Nathaniel P. 
Causin, administrator of John H. Stone; and the 
claim of Richard S. Coxe, administrator of Anna 
Gibson. 
Also, reports of the Court of Claims in fa+or of 
the claim of Theodore Adams; the claim of Ly- 
dia Cruger, executrix of Moses Sheppard; 'the 
claim of Selmar Seibert; the claim of Joseph San 
Roman and William Armstrong, administrators 
of James B. Armstrong; and the claim of Gilbert 
Cameron, accompanied by the following bills: 
A bill for the relief of Theodore Adams; 
A bill for the relief of Lydia Cruger, executrix 
of Moses Sheppard, deceased; 
A bill for the relief of Selmar Seibert; and 
A bill for the relief of Joseph San Roman and 
William Armstrong, administrators of James B. 
Armstrong, deceased. 
The biljs and reports were referred to thé Com- 
mittee on Claims. 
CANADIAN LFMSLATIVE PROCEEDINGS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has 
received the legislative proceedings and parlia- 
mentary debates of the Legislative Assembly of 
the province of Canada, for the year 1860, with 
the sc.ssion papers and appendix, to be presented 
to the Senate of the United States; which will lie 
on the table, if no motion be made. 
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the documents be 
received, and referred to the Committee on the 
Li bra ry. 
The motion was agreed to. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- 
ate a report of the Second Auditor of the Treas- 
ury, communicating, in. obedience to law, copies 
of the accounts of persons charged with the dis- 
burscment or application of money, Roods, or 
effects for the benefit of the Indians during the 
year ending June 30, 1860; which was ordered to 
lic on the, table. 
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the 
Senate two copies of the acts of the Legislative 
Asscmb]y of thc Territory of Washington, con- 
taining also t.hc memorials and resolutions passed 
at the seventh regular session of the Legislature, 
begun and held at Olympia, on the 5th of Decem- 
ber, 1859. 
Mr. GREEN. They ought to be referred to 
the Committee on Territories, so that we can 
have access to them. 
They were so referred. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIAL. 
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Lydia 
Lord, widow of John Lord, a soldier in the war 
of 1812, praying for a pension; which was referred 
to thc Committee on Pcnsions. 
Mr. GREEN presented the memorial of George 
Briggs and Cornelius Vanderbilt, praying that 
the amount recovered from them as sureties of 
David A. Bokce, may be refunded; which was 
referred to the Committee on Claims. 
Mr. DA VIS presented the petit.ion of Theodore 
J. Eckerson, military storekeeper and paymaster 
at Benicia arsenal, in California, praying for a 
modification of the law which fixes his salary, by 
which his pay will be increased, and greater econ- 
omy will be observed in the expenses incident to 
his office; which was referred to the Committee on 
Military Affairs and Militia. 
PRINTING or DOCUMENTS. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. HAYES, Chief Clerk, announced that the 
House had ordered, on the 17th instant, at twelve 
o'clock and fifteen minutes, the printing ofa let- 
ter from the Secretary of the Interior, transmit- 
tinT estimates for deficiencies in the appropria- 
tions for the suppression of the African- slave 
trade. 
Also, that the House had ordered to-day, at 
twelve o'clock and twenty minutes, the printing 
