THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 
TII%RTY-SIXTH &NGRESS, -2D SESSION. 
ever politicians may say; whatever of dissension 
may, in the heat of party be created 
among our people, when you come down to the 
question of the existence of the Constitution, that 
is a question beyond all party- politics; that is a 
question of life and death. The Constitution and 
the Union are the life of this great people—yes, 
sir, the life of life. We all desire to preserve 
them, North and South; that is the universal de- 
sire. But some of the southern States, smarting 
under what they conceive to be aggressions of 
their northern brethren and of the northern States, 
are not contented to continue this Union, and are 
taking steps, formidable steps, towardsadissolu- 
tion of the Union, and towards the anarchy and 
the bloodshed, I fear, that are to follow. say, 
sir, we are in the presence of great events. We 
must elevate ourselves to the •level of the great 
occasion. No party warfare about mere party 
questions or part\ measures ought now to engage 
our attention. '1 hey are left behind; they are as 
dust in the balance. The life, the existence of 
our country, of our Union, is the mighty ques- 
tion; and we must elevate ourselves to all those 
considerations which belong to this high subject. 
I hope, thercfore, gentlemen will be disposed 
to bring the sincerest spirit of conciliation, the 
sincerest spirit and desire to adjust all these dif- 
ficulties, and to think nothing of any little. con- 
cessions of •opinions that they may make, if 
thereby the Constitution and the country can be 
preserved. 
The great dificulty here, sir—I know it; I rec- 
ognize it as the diffcult question, particularly 
with the gentlemen from the North—is the ad- 
mission of this line of division for the territory, 
and the recognition of slavery on the one side, 
and the prohibition of it on the other. The rec- 
ognition of slavery on the southern side of that 
line is the great diåculty, the great question with 
them. Now, I beseech them to think, and you, 
Mr. President, and all, to think whether, for such 
a comparative trifle as that, the Union of this 
country is to be sacrificed. Have we realized to 
ourselves the momentous consequences of such 
an event? When has the seen such an 
event? This is a mighty empire. 
Its existence 
spreads its influence throughout the civilized 
world. Its overthrow will be the greatest shock 
that civilization and free government have re- 
ceived; more extensive in its consequences; more 
fatal to mankind and to the great principles upon 
which the liberty of mankind depends, than the 
French revolution with all its blood, and with ail 
its war and violence. And ali for what? Upon 
questions concerning this line of division between 
slavery and freedom? Why, Mr. President, sup- 
pose this day all the southern States, being re- 
fused this right; being refused this partition; being 
denied this privilege, wero to separate from the 
Morthern States, and do it peacefully, and then 
were to come to you peacefully and say, let 
there be no war between us; let us divide fairly 
the Territories of the United States:" could the 
northern section of the country refuse so just a 
demand? What would you then give them ? 
What would be the täir proportion? If you al- 
lowed them theu• fair relative proportion, would 
you not give them as much as is now proposed 
to be assigned on the southern side of that line, 
and would thcy not be at liberty to carry their 
slaves there, if they pleased? You would give 
them the whole of that; and then what would be 
its fate ? 
Is it upon the general principle of humanity, 
then, that you [addressing Republican Senators] 
wish to put an end to slavery, or is it to be urged 
by you as a mere topic and point of party con- 
troversy to sustain party power? Surely I give 
you credit for looking at it upon broader and 
more generous principles. Then, in the worst 
event, after you have encountered disunion, that 
greatest of ail political calamities to the people of 
this country, and the disunionists come, the sep- 
arating States come, and demand or take their 
portion of the Territories, they can take, and will 
be entitled to take, all that will now lie on the 
8 
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1860. 
southern side of the line which I have proposed. 
Then they will' have a right to permit slavery to 
exist in it; and what do you gain for the cause of 
anti-slavery? Nothing whåtever. Suppose you 
should refuse their demand, and claim the whole 
for yourselves: that would be a flagrant injustice 
which you would not be willing that I should sup- 
pose would occur. But if you did, what would 
be the consequence? A State north and a State 
south, and all the States, north and south, would 
be attempting to grasp at and seize this territory, 
and to get all of it that they could. That would 
be the. struggle, and you would have war; and 
not only disunion, but all these fatal consequences 
would follow from your refusal now to permit 
slavery to exist, to recognize it as existing, on the 
southern side of the proposed line, while you give 
to the people there the right to exclude it when 
they come to form, a State government, if such 
should be their will and pleasure. 
Now, gentlemen, in view of this subject, in 
view of the mighty consequences, in view of the 
great events which are present before you, and of 
the mighty consequences which are just now to 
take effect, is it not better to settle the question 
by a division upon the line of the Missouri com- 
promise? For thirty years we lived quietly and 
peacefully under it. Our people, North and 
South, were accustomed to look at it as a proper 
and just line. Can we not do so again? We did 
it then to preserve the peace of the country. Now 
you gee this Union in the most imminent danger. 
declare to you that it is my solemn conviction 
that unless something be done, and something 
equivalent to this proposition, we shall be a sep- 
orated and divided people in six months from this 
time. That is my firm conviction. There is no 
man here who deplores it more than I do; but it 
is my sad and melancholy conviction that that 
I wish you to realize 
will be the consequence. 
I wish you to realize fully the 
fully the danger. 
consequences which are to follow. You can give 
increased stability to this Union; you can give it 
an existence, a glorious existence, for great and 
glorious centuries to come, by now setting it 
upon a permanent basis, recognizing what the 
South considers as its rights; and this is the 
greatest of them all: it is that you should divide 
the territory by this line and allow the people 
south of it to have slavery when they are ad- 
mitted into the Union as States, and to have it 
during the existence of the territorial govern- 
Is it not the cheapest price 
ment. That is all. 
at which such a blessing as this Union was ever 
purchased? You think, perhaps, or some of you, 
that there is no danger, that It will but thunder 
and pass away. Do not entertain such a fatal 
delusion. I tell you it is not so. I tell you that 
as sure as we stand here disunion will progress. 
I fear it may swallow up even old Kentucky in 
its vortex—as true a State to the Union as yet 
exists in the whole Confederacy—unless some- 
thing be done; but that you will have disunion, 
that anarchy and war will follow it, that all this 
will take place in six months, I believe as confi- 
dently as I believe in your presence. I want to 
satisfy vou of the fact. 
Mr. President, l, rise to suggest another con- 
sideration. I have been surprised to find, upon a 
little examination, that when the peace of 1783 
was made, which recognized the, independence of 
this country by Great Britain, the States north of 
Mason and Dixon 's line had but a territory of one 
hundred and sixty-four thousand square mile.s, 
while the States south of Mason and Dixon 's line 
had more than six hundred thousand square miles. 
[t was so divided. Virginia shortly afterwards 
ceded to the United States all that noble territory 
north west of the Ohio river, and excluded slavery 
from it. That changed thc relative proportion of 
territory. After that, the North had four hundred 
and twenty-five thousand square miles, and the 
South three hundred and eighty-five thousand. 
Thus, at once, by the concession of Vircyinia, the 
North, from one hundred and sixty-four t 
rose to four hundred and twenty-five thousand 
square miles, and the South fel\ from six hundred 
C. mlVES, wÆHINåT0N, D. C. 
thousand to -three hundred and eightyeffW%th0R9 
sand- square. miles. BYfrthat cession 
came smaller -ine<ent than the Nora-i. 
let us look beyond. intend to take upak.;litble• 
time as possible, and to avoid details; but take.all: 
-your subsequent acquisitionsof Florida, of Lou-x 
Isiana, of Oregon, of Texas, and the acquisitions 
made from Mexico. They have been BO divided; 
and so disposed of that the North has now, two. 
millions, two hundred thousand square miles of 
territory,_and the South has less than one million. 
Under these circumstaoceé_-, when you have 'been 
so greatly do not complain of it, I 
am stating facts—when- your section has 'been- 
made so mighty' by-these great acquisitions, and 
to a great' extent with•tbe- perfect consent of 'the 
South, ought you to hesitate. now upon adopting 
this line which will leave to you ton the, north: 
side of it nine hundred and odd thousand•square 
miles, and leave to the South only two •hundred, 
and eighty-five thousand? It will give you three 
times as much as it will give her. There is three: 
times as much land in youv portion as . in; hers.. 
The South has already occupied some of it, and 
it is in States; but altogether the South gets by 
this division two hundred and eighty-five thou- 
sand square miles, and the North nine hundred 
thousand. The result of the whole of it is, that 
the North has two million two hundred thousand 
square miles and the South only one million. 
1 mention this as no reproach, as no upbraid- 
I do not 
ing, as no complaint—none at all. 
speak in that spirit; I do not address you in that 
temper. But these are the facts, and _they ought* 
it eems to me, to have some weight; and when 
we come to make .a peace-offering, are we to count 
it, are we to measure it nicely in golden scales? 
You get a price, and the dearest prace, for all -the, 
concession asked to be made—you have the firmer 
esta blishment of your Union ; you have the restor- 
ation of peace and tranquillity, and the hopes of 
a mighty future, all secured by this concession. 
How dearly must one individual, or,two individ- 
uals, or many individuals, value their private 
opinions if they think them more important to 
the world than this mighty interest of the Union 
and Government of the United States! 
It is a glorious sac- 
Sir, it is a cheap sacrifice. 
rifice. This Union cost a great deal to establish 
it cost the yielding of much of public opinion 
it; 
and much of policy, besides the direct or indirect 
cost of it in all the war to establish the independ- 
ence• of this country. When it was done, Gen- 
eral Washington himself said, Providence has 
helped us, or we could not have accomplished 
this thing, And this gift of our wiscst men; this 
great work of their hands; this work-in thefound- 
ation and the structure of which Providence him- 
self, with -his benignant hand, helpéd=are we Ito 
give it all up for such small eonsiderations? The 
present exasperation; the presentfeeiing of dis- 
union, is the result of a long-continued contro- 
versy on the subject of slavery and of territory. 
I shall not attempt to trace that controversy; it is 
unnecessary to the occasion, and might be harm- 
In relation to such controversies, I will say, 
ful. 
though, that all the wrong is never on one side, 
or all the right on the other. Right and wrong, 
in this world, and in all* such controversies,• are 
I forbear now any discussion 
mingled together. 
or any refrrence to the right or wrong of the con- 
troversy, the mere party controversy; •but in the 
progress of party, we now come to a point where 
party ceases to deserve and the 
preservation of the Union demands our highest 
and our grea test exert.ions. the Con- 
stitution of the country is the highest duty of the 
Senate, the highest duty of Congress—to preserve 
it and to perpetuate it, that we may hand down 
the glories which we have received to- our ehil-s 
dren and to our posterity, and to generations far 
beyond us, We are, Senators, in positions where 
history is to take notice of the course we pursue. 
History is to record us. Is it to 
when the destruction of the Union•was imminent; 
when we saw it tottering to •its fali:; when Ge 
brothers arming their handsfor-hosålity with one 
