114 
THE CONGRESSIONAL •GLOBE. 
December 18, 
apolber , pöints of tty 
questions which we attempted to 
sanctify ai)d to. consecrate by appealihg •to our 
conscience as the' source of them? Are we to 
alloy,' such fearful catastrophies to occur while we 
stapd• ti•ifling our, time? While -We stand 
thus,e Showing 
mighty dead * showing Our- tethe 
-poéizäonswhich- we the-country may 'be 
dbstråyod.-eand ruined ; •and tc the amazement-of-all 
the woi•ld,• the great Republic. may fall •prostrate. 
andrin; ruins; carrying with-it the very hope of 
that iliberty which•we have heretofore _ enjoyed; 
carf_ying with: it, in -place. of the peace we have 
érsjöy_ed; iothifig but revolution. and havoc and 
auarehY'. Shailit be said that we have allowed: alb 
these evils come upon our country, while we 
were-engaged !ili the; petty and small disputes and 
debaltes.to which I have referred? Can.it bc that 
our name 'is to rest in historiT with this everlast- 
ing Stigma:-and blot upon it? 
eSik.•, [ wish to God it was in II) y power to pre- 
serve this Union by renouncing •dr agreeing to 
give up every conscuentious and othér- opinion-. I 
might not be able to discard it from my mind; I 
am -under no obligation to do -that. l, may retain 
the opinion, but iTd can do so great a good as to 
preserve my country and gwe it peace, and its 
znsbitnt.ions and its Ünion stability, I will forego 
any action. upon my opinions. Well now my 
friends, Caddressing the Republ ican Senators,) that 
•is asked: of you. t Consider it well, and 
I do not distrust the result.: - As tothe rest of this 
body, the gentlemen from the South, I would say 
to them, Can you ask morc than this? Are you 
bent on revolution, bent on disunion? God for- 
bid" it. I cannot believe that such madness pos- 
sesses the American people. 'I'his gives reasorl- 
able satisfaction, 
I can speak . with confidence 
only of rny own State. Old: Kentucky will be 
. satisfied' with it, and she will stand by the Union 
and die by the Union if this satisfaction be given. 
Nothing shall seduce her. The clamor of no rev- 
olütion, the seductions and temptations of no rev- 
olution, will tempt her' to move one step. She 
has stood always by the Ride of the Constitution; 
8hehs always beci devoted. it, and is this day. 
Give hei• this satisfaction, and I believe all the 
States of the South that are not desirous of dis- 
union as a better thing' than the Union and the 
Constitutions will -be satisfied and wiål adhere 
to-. the U:mon:, ab&we shall go on again in our 
great'- career of national.rosperity and national 
But„ sir, it is not necessary for me to speak to 
you Of the consequences that will follow disunion. 
Who of us ig not proud Of the greatness we have 
achieved? Disunion and separation destroy that 
greatness, Once disunited ure no longer great. 
The hations of 'the- earth who have lookeßd-upon 
you asa formidable Power, a {nighty Power, and 
rising to untold and irnmcasurable greatness in 
the futu will scoff at you. Your flag, that now 
claims the rcspcctof tho world, that protects Amer- 
ican property in every port and harbor of the 
world, that protects the rights of your citizens 
everyt,vhere, what will becoxne of it? What bc- 
comes of -its glorious influence? 
It IS gone; and 
with it the-protection of American citizens and 
property. To say nothing of the -national honor 
which-itdisplayed to all the world, the protection 
of' youi' rights,Æhe protection of your property 
abroad is gone with that national flag, and we are 
hereafter to-_conjuré and contrive different flags 
for our different republics according to thc fever- 
igh fancies of revolutionary patriots and distu rbers 
of the peace of the world. ' No, sir; I want to 
follow no such flag. I want:to preserve the union 
.téniplätcd öiily to readh _to axi explanation of this 
resolution. 
The. PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FITZPAT- 
RICR_in the chair,) Does the Senator desire the 
resolution to be read ? 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir; 1 ask that.it 
be read tö the Senate. 
Mr. GREEN. The hour has arrived' för the 
eonsidcratioh' of the special -order. 
Mr. 1 desire to present this 
resölütion now to •the Senate; and I ask that -it 
may be read and printed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary 
will report the resolution. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
A joint resolution (S. Nb. 50) proposing certain amendments 
to the Constitution of the United States. 
Whereas serious and alarming dissensions have arisen 
between the northern and southern States, concerning the 
rights and security o! the rights of the slaveholding States, 
and especially their rights in the con-nnon territory of the 
Uhited States ; and whereas it is eminel'lt.!y desirable and 
proper that these dissensions, wbicil now threaten the very 
existence of this Union, should be permanently quieted and 
settled by constitutional provisions, which shall do equal 
justice to all sections, and thereby restore to the people 
that peace and good-will which ought to prevail between 
all the citizens of the United States: Theretöre, 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives. of 
the United States of ,Rmwica in Congress assembled, (two 
thirds of both Ilouses concurring,) That thc fbllowing arti- 
cles be, and are hereby, proposed and subrnitted as amend* 
jnents to the Constitution of the (Jnited States, which shall 
be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of said Consti- 
tution, when ratified by convenUons of three iburths of the 
several States 
ARTICLE l.- In all the territory of the United States now 
held, or hereafter acquired, situate north of latitude 360 
slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a punishment 
for crime, is prohibited while such territory shan remain 
under territorial government. 
In all the territory south of 
said line of latitude, slavery 01' the African race is hereby 
recognized as existing, and shall not be interfered with by 
Conük•oes, hut shatt be prntcctcd ag property by all tbc de- 
partnuents of the territorial governtnent during its contin- 
uance. And when any 'I"erritory, north or south of said 
line, within such boundaries as Congress rnay prescribe, 
shall contain the population requisite Ibr a ofCon- 
gress according to the then Federal ratio of representation 
off the people oc the United States, it shall, it' its form of 
government' bo republican, be admitted into the Union, on 
an equal tooting with the original States, with or without 
slavery, as the constit.utiotj such new State Inay provide. 
ART. 2. Conarcss shall have no power to abolish slavcn•y 
in plaecs under its c.xclnsive jurisdiction, and situate within 
the iinlits of States that pertnit the holding ot• slaves. 
ART. 3. Congress shall have no power io abolish slavery 
within the District of C.olumbia, so long as it exists it) the 
adjoining States or' Virginia and Maryland, or either, nor 
without the éonsent o? the inhabitants, nor without just i 
compensation first. made to such owners of slaves as do not 
consent to sneh abolish:nent. Nor shall Congress at any 
tllno prohibit oflicers of the Federal Govermnent, or mem- 
bers of Congress, whose duties require them to be in said 
District., from bringina with them t.heir slaves, and holding i 
them as such during the time their duticsmay require thern i 
to remain there, and -afterwards taking tbe:n froin tuc Dis- 
trict. 
ART. 4. Congress shRII have no polver to prohibit or hin- 
der the transportation of *laves from one State to another, 
or to a 'l'erritory ill which slaves are by law pertnilted to 
be held, whether that transportation be by land, navigable 
rivers, or by the sea. 
ART. 5. 'l'hat in addition to tho. provisions of the third 
paraorapil of the second section of Lho iburth article of the 
Constitution of the United States, 
C,ongrcss shall have 
power to provide by law, and it shall be its duty so to pro- 
vide. that the United States shali pay to t.he owner who 
shall' apply fbr it, the full value of his fugitive slave ili all 
cases when t.he ntarghal or other aflieer whose dnty it was 
to arrest said fugitive was prevented fronn so doing by vio- 
Icnec or intunidati011, or when, after arrest, said fugitive 
was rescued by turee. a nd *he owner thereby Dtovented and 
obstructed in the pursuit of his ronjcdy (Or the recovery of 
his (ugitive slave under the said clansc of the, Constitution 
and the lasvs Inade ill pursltanee thereol'. And in ail such 
cases, when the lhlited States shall pay for sueh fugitive, 
they shall have the right. in . their own n:une, to sue the 
county ill which said violence, intimidation, or rescue Ivas 
committed, and to rccovel' froni it, with interest and dam- 
ages, the arn(iunt paid by then) (or said fuzitive slave. And 
the said county, after iL has paid said to thc United 
States, may, for its indemnity, sue alid recover from the 
or rescuers by "'hotn the owner was prevented 
of my country. We have it in our power to do i i from ihe recovery of' his rugitive slave, in like rnanner as 
so, and we are responsible if we do not do it. 
ART. G. No fUture amend:uent of the Constitution shall 
J do not despair of the Republic. When I sec 
affect the five preceding articles ; nor the t.hird paragraph 
before, me Senapors of so much intelligence and 
of the second section of the first article of the Constitution ; 
so much patriotism j who have been so honored I nor the third of the second section of the fourth 
by their-• country, sent here as the guardians - of article of said Cohst.itution ; and no amendment shali bc 
made to the Constitution which shall authorize or give to 
that very union which is now in question, sent. 
Congress any power to abolish or interfere with slavery in 
here as the guardians of our national rights, and any ot•t.he Slates by whose laws it is, or lnay be, allowed 
as guardians, of that national flag, i cannot de- or permitted. 
spair; I cannot deopond. I cannot but believe that And whereas, also, besides those eauses ofdissension em- 
I. Resol•éed by the Senate and House of Representatit•es.of 
thc Uhited States of americä in Conk/ess asseiwbl.ett; 'Fhat 
the. laws now in forec for the recovery of fugitive, slave* 
are in strict pursuance of the plain and mandatory provis- 
ions ute the Constitution, and have been sanctioned as valid 
and constitutional by tlie judgment of the Suprwne (N,ouct 
of the Unitéd States ; that the siaVeßolding States are enti- 
tied to the faithful observance and execution of those laws, 
and that they ought. not to be i•epealed, or so modified or 
changed as to impair their-effciency; and that laws ought 
to be, made for the punishment of •those. who- attempt by 
rescue ot the slave, or other illegal means, to hinder or 
defeat the due execution of said -laws. 
2. 'Ithat•a'Il'State laws -which eonflict with the fugitive 
slave acts of any other constitutional acts of 
Congress, or-which, in their operation, impede, hinder, or 
delay the free course and due execut.ion of any of said acts, 
are nuil and void by the plain provisions of the Constituticni 
of the United States; yet those State laws, void as they 
are, have given color to practices; and led to consequences, 
which have obstructed the due administration and execu- 
tion of acts of Congress, and especially the acts ihr the de- 
livery of fügitive slaves, and have thereby•contributed rnucll 
to the discord a-nd comrnotion •now-prevailing. Congress, 
therefore, in the present perilous juncture, does 110t deam 
It improper, respectfülly and earnestly to recommend the 
repeal of those to the several States which nave en- 
acted them. or such legislative corrections or explanations 
of them as may prevent their boing used or perverted €0 
such mischiévous purposes. 
3. "I'l:at the act of the 18th of Scptember, 1850. comrponly 
called the t'ugitive slave law, ought to be so amended as to 
make thc töe of the. cornmissioner, Inentione(l in the eighth 
section of the act, equal in amount in the cases decided by 
bim, whether his decision be in favor ot• or against the 
claimant. And to avoid illiseonstruction, the last clause of 
the fifth section of said act, which authorizes the person 
holding a warrant for the arrest or detcnüon of a fugitive 
slave, to summon to his aid the posse comitatus, and which 
decla•res it to be thc duty of all good citizens to assist hizn 
in its execution,' ought to be so ainendcd as to expressly 
lirnit the authority and duty to cases in which there shall 
be resistance or danger of resi*tanee or rescue. 
4. 'I'hat the laws {Or thc suppression of the African slave 
trade, and especially those prohibiting the irnportation of 
slavcs in the United States, ought to be made effectual, and 
ought to be thoroughly executed ; and all further enact- 
ments necessary to ihose ends ought to be prornptly made. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The question 
is upon ordering the resolution to be printed. 
Mr. HALE. Mr. 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator give way for 
moment? There is a special order for to-day— 
the bill for the admission of Kansas into the Union. 
I do not desire to call it up to-day, but merely to 
postpone it until next Tuesday. 
Mr. HALE. I propose to occupy the time of 
thc Senate but a very few minu!.es, and I 
Mr. GREEN. There will be no debate on the 
bill. 
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it, sir, the special 
order must be cNed up, whether a Senator has 
the floor or not; it is before the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does sen- 
ator from New Hampshire yield the floor to the 
Senator from Missouri ? 
Mr. HALE. No, sir. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 call for the special order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes the 
duty of the Chair to announce as the first busi- 
ness in order the bill of the House of Represent- 
atiyes No. 23, for the admission of Kansas into 
the Union, and that bill is now before the Senate. 
Mr. GREEN. Then I move to postpone it 
until Tuesday next.at one o'clock. 
Mr. COLLAIVIER. 1 wish to suggest to the 
gentleman the effect of that m.otion. Next Tues. 
day will be Christmas day, and we shall not be 
in session. Let us say Wednesday. 
Mr. GREEN. I have got a special order for 
business. 
Mr. COLLAMER. say Monday. 
Mr. GREEN. veiy well; will say Monday 
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, this 
bill was made the special order for to-day, the 
gentleman gave notice that he should probably 
have cause to move a postponement of it. 
not propose to take time with it, l)ut I merely 
wish it understood now, once for all, as regards 
this postponement to Monday next, that at that 
time the subject will be disposed of. 
Mr. HALE. Next Monday? 
that next N.'lon- 
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir; 
day there will be definite action upon it. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
atop from Missouri insist on his motion to post- 
they will find some means•of reconciling and ad- braced in the foregoing amendments proposed to the 
stitution of the United States, there are others which come i} consideration of the bill until 
justing the rights of all parties, by concessions, 
if liecessary,so as to preserve and give more II by its legislative power; and whereas it is the desire of Mr. GREEN. Not at all; I am perfectly will- 
Congress, as ire power will extend, to remove all just 
bilitv to the country and to its institutions. 
• inT to agree to Monday. 
cause fbr the popular discontent and agitation which now 
i PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to 
Mr. President, I have occupied more•time than disturb the peace of the country, and threaten the. stability 
postpone the further consideration of the biki to 
intended. My remarks were designed and con. of its institutions: Therefore, 
