CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 18, 
of it,' that" this statele Shall not be construed to 
e*tend- to many .jådüe:ofthe -United States éourt„ 
or to any marshal of-the Ühited States, or to any 
of his assistants. It: has nothing to. do with the 
United States law, I' concédé that- there have been 
two or three passéå Since. the Compromise 
measures of 1850; though hive not examined 
them much ; aidi they Were-produ•céd, particulai•ly 
the act Of 1858, which is referred to, by what 
our people üridei•stoodthé St.ipielh•c Court to .Say, 
that a coldréd mm, dcscehdaritof an African, 
is a -man' without åny rights that-any white person 
is respectavail•. 
have never examined 
theseh'eeeht Statutes fully. is very likely that 
t'hcée•rntij; be features.in them that are e*eeption- 
dble. But/ Mr. President, it is to be borne in 
mind. that the people of the free States have never 
held the doctrine that Staté can nullify a United 
States law. I can easily see why people in the 
extreme South, who hold that a State can nullify 
a United States law, think that here is an attempt 
to nullify a law of Congress. Our people never 
have held such a doctrine in the world. The 
profession have paid very little attention to these 
statutes at any rate. We look upon them just in 
this light: that if there are any of them which arc 
ih any way inconsistent with the provisions of 
the United States Constitution, they are simply 
waste paper and void.- We deny that a State, by 
passing an •unconstitutional law, can take itself 
•out of the Union;• and we deriy, too, that if one 
State:passes such a law, it can justify another 
State lh going out of the•UniOn. Such laws are 
simply void under the Constitution. That is Our 
view of it, and therefore they are treated before 
oUr-courts, whunever they come before them, as 
they would be treated anywhere else—we judge 
of' their constitutionality with perfect fideliiy. 
Now, Mr. President, one word in relation to 
the recent proposition for their repeal which I 
have seen mentioned. A gentleman in the State 
Legislature presented a bill -for the repeal of these 
personal liberty bills, so far as they were incon- 
sistent with the United States Constitution, or 
somethincr to that effect. It was referred to a com- 
mittee, oFwhich he was made chairman—a spe- 
Cial committee. They made a report. It lay upon 
the table, and was not called up. When they 
had had their usual session, and came to the' last 
day but ohe of the sitting, having already fixed a 
adjourn, he called up his bill. What was 
the result? I ought here to state, further, that it 
is the practiceof the Staterof Vermont, abogt once 
ih twenty years,' to have a careful revision of her 
statutes. The time had Come to have it; 
twenty years had .passed since the last revision. 
In the course of-the session, the Legislature had 
raised a commission of i•eviéion, and had appointed 
upon it thi•ee gentlemen, ae •good we can fur- 
rush, and I'dO' not know that it would be much 
arröganee to gay, as good as any State could fur- 
nigh. Two of them were judges o," the supreme 
court, the other a very distmguished lawyer, for- 
merly a rnember of Congress—men holding no 
places, wanting none—men of high position and 
ability. These gentlemen were appointed to re- 
vise our statutes. On the last day of the session, 
when the bill to repeal thc personal liberty laws 
was called up, the gentleman who had presented 
it made a- Ion-g argument upon it, but. there was 
no time to consider it. They wanted all their 
statutes revised and considered. A motion was 
made•in the House dismiss the bill, and it was 
dismissed. The Senate immediately, on the same 
day, took up and passed a resoh.ltion referring all 
of these statutes that were said to be exception- 
able by people abroåd, to that board of revision, 
to report to the next session of the Legislature if 
any of those laws were ilHtny way inconsistent 
with the United States Constitution, or the Uni- 
ted States laws passed according to the Constitu- 
tion. It was passed, all saying we desire no 
unconstitutional Statutes on Our båoks; we will 
endure none; we shall have them examined by a 
competent body, and have just raised one." 
The Senate passed the proposition unanimously; 
they sent it to the House in the shape of a joint 
resolution; it was therepassed unanimously, and 
the subject was i•eferred to the board of revision. 
In all candor, is not' this dealing with the subject 
fairly and candidly, and on our own motion? It 
is no foundation for ground of Objection abroad 
that the State of Vermont is dealing unkindly or 
unfairly or uncandidly. 
Mr.-JOHNSON,0fTennessee. Mr. President, 
•I think 1 arm rather unfortunate to-day. In the 
fii•st instance I gave way foi• an hour, and in the 
next place for quite a lengthy speech to be injected 
into mine. However, as the Senator has made 
an explanatian on the subject, I wish to ask him 
if he believes the law passed in 1858 by the State 
Of Vermont in reference to persons of cok)r in that 
State is constitutional or unconstitutional? 
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman puts to me 
a question, and he is entitled to have that Sort' of 
candid ahswer which I take it the putting of the 
question implies. 
I said when I was up before 
that i had never examined those laws much my- 
self. I nevei• have. I do not know precisely what 
their condition is, nor what their provisions may 
be exactly. I have this, however, to say about 
it: it may be, after all, that though upon its face 
some of its provisions may look exceptionable, 
they may not really be so. It comes to this: I 
believe ihat statute declares, in effect, that all per- 
sons held to slavery who come into Vermont, 
voluntarily or involuntarily, who come there of 
their own accord, or are brought there by their 
masters, shall be considered and regarded as free 
I rather think that is the amount of it, 
persons. 
according to my recollection. Now, what is the 
reason for that? 1 have already suggested that 
the Supreme Court have intimated, as our people 
understand the Chief Justice, thatcolored persons 
have no rights that the white man is bound to 
respect at a-II. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator from ver- 
mont permit me to 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 have heard the gentle- 
man 's explanation of that several .times. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator tell us 
that any man in New England honcstly believes 
the Supreme Court did decide that? Does he 
know any man who believes it? 
Mr. CÖLLAMER. 1 can say that 1 believe 
the body of them honestly say they read it so. 
It reads just so. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the Senator say that 
that decision reads so? 
Mr. COLLAMER. The opinion. The gen- 
tleman and myself, as lawyers, understand the 
difference between nn opinion and a decision. 
The opinion of the Chief Justice, in reciting the 
history of the Declaration of Independence and 
of the Constitution, and thc condition of society 
at the time wheri those instruments were formed, 
comes to the result that that notion was enter- 
tained at that period, stating it in about those 
words which I have before repeated ; and he leaves 
it. to be understood that nothing has transpired 
Nince to Change that condition of things. That 
ig thc way it IS in the opinion of the court; that 
is the way we read it; that is the way I understand 
it..myself. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does t.he Senator say that 
he understands the Supreme Court to say in the 
opinion, that now, at this day, colored men have 
no rights that white rnen are bound to respect ? 
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman gives his 
I Choose my own ver- 
version to my statement. 
Sion for my own statement. 
I understand the 
Chief Justice to say, as I have afready stated, 
that in the history of these transactions, •speak- 
ing of the period of time and the condition of 
society at the period of the adoption of the Con- 
stitution, that then— 
Mr. DOOLITTLE.. Here is the decision, which 
I will hand to my friend. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Read the whole baragraph. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Speakingof the condition 
of the colorcd race at the of the Declara- 
tion of Independence and of the formation of the 
Constitution, the Chief Justice,- in his opinion, 
says: 
They had for more than a century before becn regarded 
as beings -ot• an inferior order, and altogether unfit to associ- 
ate with the white race, either in social or polit.ical rela- 
tions ; and so far inferior, that they had no rights which the 
White man was bound to respect; and that the nearo miaht 
justly and lawfully be reduced to slavery for his benefit." 
These are the words, and this is all there is to 
qualify that clause. He does not say anywhere 
in the opinion that the status of the black man has 
been Changed since. He says nothing of thc kind. 
Now, I say thall believe the body of the people of 
Vermont read that, and, understanding the English 
language, understand it to mean just what it says. 
However, that diverts me from the question put 
by the Senator from Tennessee. I have answered I 
the Senator from Louisiana, and I have read the 
paragraph. 
Now, Mr. President, to go on with the ques- 
tion of the Senator from Tennessee, the State of 
Vermont, in legislating in reference to the action 
of her own tribunals, havin• nothing to do with 
the United States law in regard to fugitive slaves, 
but simply in relation to the conduct and direc- 
tions to her own tribunals in regard to this busi- 
ness of reclaiming slaves by the aci of the master 
himself, has said—her language 10 her tribunals 
is—you are to presume every colored man as free 
until the contrary appears. In the South, we 
understand, they presume every colored man to 
be a slave until the contrary is shown. Now, we 
say to you in our law that you shall regard every 
colorcd man frec, we care not how he gets here, 
until the contrary is shown. I say to you, Mr. 
President, that do not believe the people of 
the State of Vermont, or their Legislature, ever 
thought of infringine the United States Constitu- 
tion. They did noi suppose they had done it; 
they never tried to do it; they never intended to 
do It; and what precise version they would give 
to their words as merely a Jaw for their own 
courts, I am not prepared to say; but I do say 
that that law, like every other law in Vermont, 
whenever a question arises, will receive a fair con- 
struction. When gentlemen say that our laws 
have aided in the escape of fugitive slaves, I deny 
it. I do not believe there has been a fugitive slave 
in Vermont for these forty years. I never heard 
of one. Ido not believe there has been one there. 
I know that one fellow claimed to be a runaway 
slave; but he was an impostor, and was not 
runaway slave, and did not even from extrem- 
ists get public sympathy for that, only for short 
time. Nor has our law aided in any way to aflL•ct 
or impair the fugitive slave law of Congress. But, 
Mr. President, whether it has or has nor, if our law 
is in any way inconsistent with the provisions of 
thc United States Constitution, or the constitu- 
tional laws of Congress, tell you it will be set 
aside, whenever a question arises before a court 
of Vermont, as quickly as it would before a court 
of the United States. So, too, if there is anything 
in it which is at all inconsistent with the Consti- 
tution, or the constitutional laws of Congress, I 
tell vou that our board •of revision will see that it 
is not kept on the statute-book—no doubt of it. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi- 
Mr. BRAGG. If the Senator will give way, I 
will move an adjournmeht. 
I think, considering 
the lateness of the hour and the fact that the Sen- 
ator from Tennessee has been so frequently inter- 
rupted, it is but justice him that we should now 
adjourn and allow him to conclude to-morrow. 
Mr. WIGFALL. It is three o'clock. 
The PRESIDING OFFICÆR, (Mr. POLK in 
the chair.) It is moved that the Senate do now 
w.ljourn. 
Mr. COLLAMER. If that is agreeable to the 
wishes of the gentleman from Tennessee, •of course 
we shall make no objection. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
I am willing 
to go on now if the Senate desires me to continue; 
but there have been a good many interruptions • 
it is late in the day; and, if such be the pleasure 
of the Senate, I prefer resuming my remarks•in 
the morning. 
The motion was agreed to; •and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
TUESDAY, December 18, 1860. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. *Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS H. STOCKiON. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
TERRITORIAL BILLS. 
Mr. GROW. Yesterday an order was made 
for the printing of certain bills in reference to tei- 
ritorial- business. In accordance with that order 
I now present the following bills from the Com- 
mittee on Territories, that they may be printed: 
A bill (H. R. No. 887) to provide a temporary 
government for the Territory of Idaho; 
A bill (H. R. No. 888) to provide a temporary 
govermnent for the Territory of Nevada; 
A bill (H. R. No. 889) to provide a temporary 
government for the Territory of Dacota; and 
A bill (H. R. No. 89()) to provide a temporary 
government for the Territory of Arizona. 
