THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
1860. 
RESIGNATION OF A MEMBER. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House the following communication: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,- December 10, 1860. 
SIR : I have the honor to inform you that on the 15th day of 
October last I placed in the hands ot the Governor of Maine 
my resignation ofthe offce of Representative in the Congress 
of the United States from the fifth congressional districtin 
that State;to take effect on the 1st of January, 1861. 
i am, very respectfully, your obedient servant, 
1. WASHBURN, Jr. 
To WILLIAM PENNINGTON 
Speaker of the house of Representatives. 
REPORTS FROM COURT OF CLAIMS. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House several reports of the Court of 
Claims; which were referred, under the rule, to a 
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to 
be printed. 
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC. 
Mr. ELY, unanimous consent, introduced a 
bill supplemental to ' 'An act to facilitate commu- 
nication between the Atlantic and Pacific States 
by electfic telegraph which was read a first and 
second time, and referred to the Committee on 
the Post Offce and Post Roads. 
PUGET SOUND. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, -by unani- 
mous consent, introduced the following resolution ; 
which was read, considered, and agreed to: 
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in- 
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing, by 
special enactinent, the surveyor general of Washington 
Territory, under the supervision of the Department of the 
Interior, to decide upon the validity of the claims of the 
Puget Sound Agricultural Company ; and iftbey are entitled 
to consideration, to determine the location and boundaries 
of ihrms and lands that belong to the company, and 
to report by bill or otherwise. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also, by 
unanimous consent, introduced the following Fes- 
oiu tion ; which was read , considered , and agreed to : 
structed to inquire into the expediencyof providing a swift 
war steamer ihr the defense of Puget Sound, and to report 
by bill or otherwise. 
MAIL ROUTE IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, by unani- 
mous consent, introduced the following joint res- 
olution; which was referred to the Committee on 
the Post Offce and Post Roads: 
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives 
the Postmaster General be, and he hereby is, authorized 
and directed to extend the contract with the present con- 
tractor upon route No. 12730, Washington 'i'erritory, for 
weekly service, to a semi-weekly mail service for four 
years, at a pro rata compensation on the present mail pay. 
REPORT OF LIEUTENANT JOHN MULLAN. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, by unani- 
mous consent, introduced the following resolu- 
tion; which read, considered, and agreed to: 
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be. requested to 
cmnmunicate to the House the report of Lieutenant John 
Mullan, United States Army, of his operations in charge 
of the wagon road from Fort Benton to the Walla Walla. 
COURT OF CLAIMS REPORTS. 
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 that one 
of the repoFts of the Court of Claims, presented 
to the House this morning, be referred to the 
Committee of Claims. It is the report in the case 
of Theodore Adams, purser in the United States 
Navy. I suppose there will be no objection to 
that. 
Mr. BURNETT. Is the report in that case an 
adverse one ? 
Mr. KELLOGG. It is not. 
No objection being made, the report was re- 
ferred accordingly. 
COMPENSATION OF tylEMBERS. 
Mr. STOKES asked the unanimous consent of 
the House to introduce the following resolution: 
Resotved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be, 
and they are hereby, instructed to report to this House the 
bill referred to them repealing the act of 1856, regulating 
the compensation of members of Congress. 
Objection was made, and the resolution was 
not received. 
INDIAN DISTURBANCES. 
Mr. OTERO, by unanimous consent, introduced 
the following resolution; l,vhich was read, consid- 
ered, and agreed to: 
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be, and hereby is' 
respectfully requested to communicate to this House copies 
of all papers and letters now on file in his Department from of ther -president-Of- States, as in:- (it.her 
his Excellency Governor A. Rencber, pertaining to Indian exceptibg that, when ret-urged-with hiSpbjecÉione;-it shall 
disturbances in the Territory of New Mexico, and relating 
to tbe action of the people of said Territory upon the same. 
VOLUNTEER TROOPS IN NEW MEXICO. 
Mr. OTERO , by unanimous consent, introduced 
the following joint resolution; which was read, 
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs: 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives. of 
the United States of america in Congress assembled, That 
the volunteers now in service in the Territory of New 
Mexico, and coöperating with the regular. troops, be, and 
the same are hereby recognized as being within the act of 
Congress of March• 19, 1836, and that they be entitléd to 
the same pay and emoluments of omcers, non-commis- 
sioned omcers, and privates of the regular Army during the 
period in which they shall have been in active service in 
tbe prosecution of the said Navajo 'var; and the sum of-— 
dollars is hereby appropriated to pay the said völunteers : 
Provided, That the service of the said volunteers be first 
approved by the Secretary of War, and that the paymentof 
the said pay and emoluments be made under such rulesand 
regulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary of War. 
PENSIONS. 
Mr. STOKES. I ask unanimous consent to 
introduce a bill granting pensions to the soldiers 
of the war of 1812, 
Mr. CURRY objected. 
MESSAGE PRIGSIDENT. 
A message was received from the President of 
the United States, by the hands of A. J. Gl.,oss- 
BRENNER, his Private Secretary, informing the 
House that he had approved and signed An act 
to authorize the issue of Treasury noÜes, and for 
other purposes. 
STATn OF UNION. 
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the House to submit certain propositions 
for reference to the select committee of thirty- 
three. 
The SPEAKER. No objection being made, 
the propositions will be referred to the select 
committee. 
Mr. FLORENCE. I prefer to have them 
read. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 call for the regular order 
of business, and I insist upon it. 
Mr. FLORENCE. That does not supersede 
m roposi.tions. 
SPEAKER. They are received and re- 
ferred. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 wanted them read. They 
are, a resolution prepared by myself, and the pro- 
ceedings of a meeting of the citizens of Philadel- 
phia; and I desire, after they are read, to have 
them referred to the committee on public safety— 
which, by the way, is a very appropriate term, f 
should think. I want the House to understand 
precisely the feelings which prompt the citizens 
of PhiladelphiA this exigency of public affairs. 
The Clerk procee ed to read the resolutions; 
but was interrupted y— 
Mr. BURNETT, who said: I suppose every 
gentleman has read the proceedings.of that meet- 
ing; and, therefore, 1 hope the papers will be sent 
to the committee of thirty-three without further 
reading. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 prefer that they should 
be read. 
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 object. 
The SPEAKER. They be referred to the 
committee of thirty-three. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 asked the unanimous 
consent of the House to present these resolutions 
and papers, and it vs granted. I usk that the 
papers be read, that the citizens of Philadelphia, a 
part of whom I represent, may be heard. While 
we have been talking here the papers could have 
been read. if I believed that every gentleman in 
this House had read these patriotß resolutions, 
and that they had been properly impressed by 
lhem, as I could wish, I would not ask for their 
reading. 
The reading of the papers was then concluded. 
The following is the resolution offered by Mr. 
FLORENCE.' 
Resohed, ec., That thc ft)llowing amendments be pro- 
Thé right 
posed to the Constitution of the United States: 
of property in slaves is recognized, and no law Rhall be 
passed and nothing shall be done to impair, obstruct, or 
prevent the full and free enjqxment and use of such right 
in any crerritoryor other property United States. No 
consent of two thirds of.ail the méinbers of both branches 
of Congress; and thc vote shall be taken by yeas and nays, 
which shalt be entered on thc Journals ; and every bill for 
such purpose shali be subject to the approväl or objection 
require tbd vote of three fotirthé the membnof both 
Houses of Congregs to pass it notWiibStå1idjng; 
The proceedings of the Philadelphia. meeting, 
which were read, are as follows:.: 
'G In accordance With resolutions of ibe Council? :and a 
proclamation by the M.yor of the city of 
11Jass.meeting of citizens; Without distinotion of•patiy? -Wag 
held on Thursday November 13, 1860, at noon, in dide- 
pendenee square, i•or the purpose of:testifying their' unfail- 
ing devotion to the Union, and théii• abiding fidelity-to 
Coristitution laws. 'The following are the resölutions 
adopted by the City Councils Week ago : 
'Whereas there is great té@son tp fear that' there is se. 
rious peril 6fthe- dissolution of the Union of these United 
States, under whose -protection We have grown to be a 
great and P*osperous nation, tind it iS fitting that- the citi- 
zens of Philadelphia—that city in whiéh the gueat -princi- 
ples Of the Union were first embodied and •promulgated— 
should, in sogie sUitable Way, express their love for the 
Unidn and their devotion to its -perpetuation -and to the 
strengthening of those bonds which unite us, - whether of 
the North or the South, the Dast Or the West, as one great 
and united people : Therefore, 
Resolved by thu Se2eCtand Common Councils of the city 
of PLüadCiphia, q'hat the Måyor of the city be,' and he is 
hereby, requested, by his proclamation, to invite our fellow,- 
citizens who love the Union to assemble•at the old State- 
purpose, there to express their attachment tö-the» ConSti,tu- 
tion of the United States, and their -love for the Uiliön 
which it creates and protects. 
Resolved, That a joint-special committee, consistihg of 
six members from each chamber of Councils, to Which shall 
be added the Presidents, be appointed to cöögerate with 
the Mayor in such arrangements as may be proper, in their 
judgment, by way of preparation for such meeting.' 
In pursuance of these resolutions, Mayor Henry, on the 
10th instant, issued the following proclarnation : 
Citizens of Philadelphia: At a time when the continu- 
ance of our national Union is in peril, and the breaking up 
of our Confederacy appears to be imminent, it is proper that 
a loyal people, casting off the spirit of party, should in a 
special manner avow their unfailing devotion tothe Union 
and their abiding fidelity to the Constitution and laws. 
'L'o this end, by advice of the Councils Of Philadelphia, 
I earnestly invite you, laying aside your several callingS, 
to assemble at the StateYHouse, at noon of Thursday next, 
that, with an honest sense of your responsibility as Ameri- 
can citizens, you may counsel together to avert the danger 
which threatens our country, and that, relying upon the 
favor of Almighty God, you may seek to perpetuate for 
liberty. 
Given under my hand and the seal of the city of Phila- 
delpbia, this 10th day of Dccember, in the year of our Lord 
1860. 
" ALEXANDER HENRY, Mayor of Philadelphia. 
RESOLUTIONS. 
The people oÉthe city of Philadelphia, having assem- 
bled in cheerful obedience to the proclamation of the Mayor, 
issued by request of their Councils, for the purpose of testi- 
fying their love, for the Union, and their devotion to its per- 
petuation, and to the strengthening of those bonds which 
hold us together, whether -of the North or the South, the 
East or the West, as one great and united people, do 
Resolve, l. With one voice and united hearts, we pro- 
claim our attachment to, and* reverence for. the Constitu- 
tion of the United States, and dur earnest- and enduring 
love for that great Union which it creates and 
love which is not sectional, but national, and that greets 
our brother, from whatever State he. comes, as a partaker 
with us in that uoblest of all inheritances, the title of a 
citizen of the United.States. 
Resobed, 2. That the usefulness-and the endurance of 
the Union both depend upon afaitliful-observance by the 
people of an the States of all the requirements of that sacred 
instrument which-the wisdom and the- patriotism of our 
fathers framed, and under whose provisions we håve be- 
come a great and happy people, prosperous ahd renowned 
among the nations •earth. 
" ResoVved-, 3. That we -do therefore most deeply deplore 
the fhct, that some Of the States of' this Union have- placed 
upon their statute-books enaCtments which evade defeat 
provisions which the framers of the Constitution wisely 
inserted for the protection of valuable rights of citizens of 
other States; and that we pronounce all such acts to be 
violations of the solemn compact by- which we are made 
one people, and that we earnestly appeal to our brethren of 
thosc States instantly to repeal all such enactments. 
Resolved, 4. That the people of Philadelphia hereby 
pledge themselves to their brethren of the other States, 
searched by their rcpresentatives at the approaching session 
of the Legislature, and that every statute, if any such there 
be, which in the least degree invades the constitutional 
rights of citizens ofa sisteFState, will be at once repealed ; 
and that Pennsylvania, ever loyal to the Union, and liberal 
in construing her obligations to it, will be faithful alWays 
in her obedience to its requirements. 
Rcsotvéd, 5. That we recognize the obligations of the 
act of Congress of 1850, commonly known as the fugitive 
slave • law, and submit cheerfUIIy to -its faithful enforee- 
ment ; and that we point with pride and satisfaction to the 
recent. conviction and punishment, ih this city of' Philadel- 
phia, of those who had broken its provisions by aiding in 
t.he attempted rescue of a slave, as proof that Philadé}phia 
is faithful in her obedience to the law ; and further-more, 
that we recommend to the Legislature of our own State ihe 
passage of a lavv whicb shall give compensation iT ease-of 
the rescue of a captured slave, by theeounty in---whicb such 
case of destruction of property by tire' violence of mobs. 
Resolved, 6. That as to the question of_thO recognition 
of slaves as property, and as 'to the question of the-rights of 
slave-owners in the Territories:of the -United -States; the 
