122 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 18, 
peoplé. of Philadelphia. Submit themselves and 
cheeri-üllyto .thc dcOisions,of- the Süpreme •Court the 
(J lifted States, Whethef how made, Or bereaftét to be made ; 
and they-pledge themselves faithfully to observe the 
stitütion- in these respectß, as the same has',beell or may bb 
expounded by •that laugust'tpiburial. ahéy rec- 
ommend that whatever points, •of doubt I: existe -touchtug 
these subject*- be in some. amicable -aid lawful way forth - 
withisubniitted to the eonsiderationof said -eourt,and that 
iVs opiniön be accepted as _th:e final and. au-thOritatLve 
tioil of all doubts as Co;the meanijg df•th'e. Constitution; in 
cöntrovérté(i points. 
ReSöLbed, 7. all denunciations.of slavery, as exist- 
ipg in Slates; and of our fellow-citizens who 
maintain t\iåi institution; and whd hold slaves under it, 
are_.incon$istent with-that spiriBOf brotherhood. and, kind. 
neSSwhich Oü@ht-tö animate all who live •unfler and pro- 
fess suppOr;t the Constitution of the American Union. 
"-RésoJbed,-8. I'hat'we Oördially approve the suggestion, 
that -a convention, Or congress of delegates from the several 
States, be•hEid for the -purpose of-consultation, and of sug- 
gesting such :réniedies as they deem proper ; and that it is 
the firm cOrivict.ion of the citizens of Philadelphia, that the 
propositions made by such a convention would be received 
by the- people of our State in a fraternal and conciliatory 
spirit,-ähd with an earnest desire to remove all grounds 
of just conwlaint on the part of our southern brethren. 
Resolved, Jingltll, That we appeal to our brethren of 
South Carolina, of beorgia, of Alabama, of Mississippi, of 
Florida, and of such other States as are considering the 
question of seceding from the Union, with all the affection- 
ate earnestness we can express, to forbear; that we remind 
them ot• the innumerable ties which bind us together as one 
people, and--Whiclf scem to us so strong that no power 
short of that which paralyzes all melnory, and effaces alk 
history, can separate us ; Lhat the ashes of those brave men 
Who (ought with and for us rest beneath our soil, and that 
they have In -their-keeping the bones of our soldiers who per- 
ishOd ih their defense , 
that our glorious institutions, under 
tyliose guidance protection we have attained so great 
prosperity dud. *e-nown, aid which -have made this Union 
Of States the joy and 'hope of oppressed tniilions throughout 
the world, were frmned by the •wisdom, built by the toil, and 
defended by the blood.of a common ancestry, and cannot 
perish withöut an eterna_l reproach to us, their children, if 
we destroy so great and so fair an inhe.ritance." 
The petition, which was read', is as follows: 
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United 
States in Congress assembled : 
The petition of William Wheeler Hubbell, of Philadelw 
phia, attorney-at-law, and a citizen o? the State of Penn- 
sylvania, respectfully represents : 
"That your petitioner is intercsted as owner ot• •African 
slave enocts 
or personal property," and also real 
property," 
in the State of' South Carolina, as well as 
proberty in Pennsylvania, and i* otherwise interested in 
the state of the Union. 
And -your petitioner respectfully suggests and conwlains 
of grievances for which hc seeks redress.",. And 110 respect- 
hilly prays that the suggestions contained hercil'lat•ter fbr 
tbc pcuee and stability Of the Union, gnu the protection of 
cik)Cts or property, be carried into execution. 
Your petitiOnér_ rnaiutains that African slaves were per- 
sonat estate ot property*' or rights, bought and 
sold as e eces property, or money or value, the 
e.ttizensof bot tic northern an *southern States, the 
Constitution. of Che United States was formed and amended ; 
and [bat the Constitution, as to guéh " effects," 
in com- 
mon witli all other effects or personal cstate, declares, in 
ai•tiele-10ur of the tunendments, that right of the people 
sh_qll be secure against unreasonable seizure, and slau not 
be violated. 
And:in Artiéle five, nor be depri•ycd of property-without 
due process -of law. 
That the word effects," in the Constitution, means per- 
sonat cst,cdc; and thc word property" means both pcrsonaZ 
a_nd •real property; and that African slaves, at the titne, 
and :are now, personal estate or personal property. 
Thut Lhe Constitution rnakcs no distinction whatever as to 
('flirts or property. It includes and secures all rights, or 
elli..•cts. or.property, both personal and real. And that the 
Constitution, by such clauses, guaranties protection in the 
enjoyinent or posscssiou of' tbc right" 
or estate in Afri- 
can skives, as. WQII as in any other effects" år personal 
estate, property" or rights whatsoever, that it shall not be 
eiolgted. All Lho cjtizcns have equal rights thereunder. 
T.h'at your petitioner's rights in slave effects or property are 
invadUd by the northern States, by the election of officers 
on issues •involving the exclusion -of such or prop- 
erty i'renn the. Territories 01 the people of the United States 
. as a iaw{'uJ right; whereas such is an unlawful issue for 
tho elective franchise of the people under their Constitu- 
tian of the United& States; and wnercaa your petitioner 
has_a eonstitutiona! right', at ail times, to take and hold all 
of his effects or property, slave and all other, within the 
Territories of the people of the United States, protected 
from violence by the Federal Govermnent. 
And your petiti(jner further cornp)aing that laws or regu- 
lations have been luade• by several of tbc States—called 
personal liberty laws—which are intended to obstruct the 
execution ot' the fugitive slave law, and the provisions of 
tbe Constitution as to the renditioi) of fugitives from labor, 
both Slave and for a term Df years, and to interfere witli the 
rigbts of' property therein ; and* that such enaetnjents or 
regulations are in violation of the Federa; Constit.ution. 
That. Congress has not made provision tor declaring such 
State acts void by the :nosf speedy process in equity before 
the Supre.rne Court of the United States, as empowered by 
t'e Constitution. 
A nd your petitioner further maintains, that no State ofthe 
Union has any lawful right at present to pass any ordinance 
of pea coabie secession "from, or dissolution of the Onion 
under the Constitution ofthe United States as it now stands; 
that aithough under jt Congress has express power to eon- 
sent to the admission of a State, no power is g:anted by it 
to Congress to consent to the secession of any State ; -that 
a State; or the people thoreof, uot having been admitted 
solel! by thei! ,own -eonsépt into the Union, but also, bythe 
consent of all! the other people or States, cannot secede 
SOR•ly by their own, ; the power peaceably to destroy 
must be as great as the power peaceably to create- the 
Union ; 
tbåt 'the Constitution of the United States is made 
by the •people of •the, United States, and not 'by the, States in 
their capacity as Statcg; that it is a Federal Government 
of the whole people.of the United States, and not Gov- 
ernment of the States; that therc is no provision dis- 
solving -the Union' expressed in •the Constitution ; 
that 
a confederation of_ States apart frorn the Constitution is 
expressly prohibited ; that there is no provision of any kind 
ft)f the peaceable Sécession of any State, or of the people of 
any State, either expressed or implied in the Constitution ; 
that the Union under it is a pcrpetual Union of the peo- 
i)tC, -with a rescrvcd power of' amendment of the Constitu- 
tion; and that unless the Constitution be first amended, so 
as to expressly provide ft)t' and declare a manner of disso- 
lutiOn or secession of tlic people of the cori(cdcratcd States, 
it remains absolutely indissoluble and perpetual, and all the 
Statcs ahd people are cqually bound thereby, except that 
it bc overturned and destroyed by actual revolution and civil 
war, and superseded thereaftcr by another Government. 
Your petitioner maintains that ocert acts of aggression, 
or withholding of protcction from violence against ille slave 
property ,ot• the people, or any portion thcreof, or the pro- 
hibition thereof by the United StateS Governnient, either 
in the "l'erritories of the United States, or in the States 
which recognize and regulate slavery by statute law, would 
be just ground revolution and resistance ; for the rea- 
son, that the Federal power wili have ceased to be a Gov- 
ermnent under the Constitution of the United States, and 
become an unlawful, usurping power. 
It is the rapid ap- 
proach to this condition of national affairs which has justly 
aggrieved the South, and people owning slave property, or 
personal estate in slaves, or " effects." 
Your petitioner greatky deprecates the present proepect 
of war between the people ot the United States, through 
their State governments? and the Federal Goverrnnent. 
Your rights of property are deeply and im- 
mediately interested therein. He has rights of property in 
Charleston and vicinity, South Carolina; rights of prop- 
crty in Pennsylvania ; and rights of property in the posses- 
Sion of the United States Government; all of which arc 
greatly jeopardized by the existing condition of our internal 
national afihirs. 
Your petitioner is the inventor and patentee of the ex- 
plosive shell. with which all the shell guns of the Navy of 
the United States are now provided, to the number of over 
fifty thousand. 
It is the Inost destructive war projectile 
of modern times for naval use, and was employed to de- 
molish the Bogus Forts, where it exhibited its superior 
powers. Your petitioner has letters patent of thc United 
States thereon ; and 
under an express contract, Dlaced 
the United States in posseysion of the said projectilö; but 
the United States has not paid for the sarne according to 
contract. 
Your pctitioncr did thus invent aud intrust the Govern- 
rnent. with said war projeetile, with no other intent than 
that it should bc used exclusively in the defense of thc 
poopie, and property of the people, or the United States ; 
and would greatly deplore its use- against any citizen* of 
the United States, or their 
property, particularly against 
the property of his family in South Carolina, which he is 
bound to protect by dOrce necessary. 
Your petitioner, therefore, prays the prompt action of 
Congress on the basis he herein snagcsts ibr the peaceable 
deternUnation of present difficulties. 
First. For the rcéstablishntent at present by act of Con- 
gress of the Missouri compromise line extended to the Pa- 
cilic ocean. 
Second. For its early adoption in the Constitution by 
amel)dmcnt, as a permanent settlement of the slavery ques- 
tion bctwccn the South an(l the Nortl 
d that Congress 
shall not have power to' prohibit or re. ain' slavery south 
of said line, but shall be bound toeploy the Federal power 
to protect it therein. 
'I'hird. For an annendrnent toat the people of the United 
States, in two (listinct conventions assembled, shall nonli- 
nate in each convention a person for President and a per- 
son for Vice President of the United Staies ; that there shall 
be two candidates for President and two Vice President 
before the people iör election, and no n:ore 
and that the 
President and Vice President shall be selected fi•om the 
south of said iii'le. for one tern), and froni the north of said 
line for the succeeding term, alternately. 
Fourth. For an anneildment that a certain uumber of the 
judges of' the Suprelne Court of the United States. shall be 
appointed from the south of said line, aild an equal number 
fro:n the north of said line ; and if there be an odd nunlber 
of judges to constitute the court, one of them shall be ap- 
pointed from the District of Columbia, beside the equal 
ntnnber north and south ot• said line. 
Fifth. For an amcndmcnt to scwre the •val.UC of the slave 
property Cron'l the county wherein it is violated by its in- 
habitants, under any pretense or in any Inanner, by the 
rescue of the slave froin the custody of the owner or his 
agent or a United States officer. 
Sixth. rro providc a speedy adjudication of any State 
enactment-or rezulation respecting the rendition of fugi- 
tive.s from labor or slaves, by proceedings in equity, at the 
suit or any State W'hose citizens are aaarieve(i against the 
State making such law or regulation. in the Supreme Court 
of the (Jnited States ; and tliat it nMiy be decreed null and 
void,'if in violation of the Constitution ; and providing a 
penalty as tör contempt of court against any inhabitant 
afterwards attempting to carry such law or regulation into 
execution. 
Seventh. For protecting t.he right in transitu with Afri- 
can slave effects or property from one slave State to another, 
under the Constitution, by acts of Congress. 
Eighth. For the. right of sojourn with family slave ser- 
wants for a Iiinited peiiod in any State, under the Constitu- 
tion, protected by acts of Congress, as a right of comity 
between the citizens of the several Statcs. 
And your petitioner will ever pray, &c., 
WILLIAM WHEELER HUBBELL. 
PHILADELPHIA, December 12, 1860. 
During the reading of the petition, 
Mr. MORRIS, ec Illinois, said: Mr. Speaker, 
I move that the further reading of that papér be 
dispensed with. I think we have devoted about 
enougrh of our time to the gentleman 's papers. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 have no objection to dis- 
-pensing with the further reading. Let the peti- • 
tion go ,tb, the committee of thirty-three. 
'Mr. EDGERTON. 1 object, and have objected 
for- half an hour. 
UNITED STATES ARMORIES. 
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 
offered a resolution which was objected to by the 
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. CRAWFORD.] I 
afterwards explained to l•firn the object of the res- 
olution, and I understand that he does not now 
persist in his objection. 
I ask that it be read 
and adopted. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
Resoleed, That the Secretary of War be requested to fur- 
nish to this House statement* showing hc'w nitiny Stand of 
arms of the latest standard model, manufattu•ed-at the • na- 
tional armories, are now in the immediate custody ot• the 
United States, and where deposited; also, how of 
any model are in the like enstody, and where de- 
posited; also, how many artns of tbe rnanufacture of the 
United States arfnorics, and of what model, have been fur- 
nished to either of the States, or otherwise of, 
since the 1st of' January, 1860, and under what authority. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I desire to offer an 
amendment to that resolution. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 object to the resolution; 
and call foi• the regular order of business. 
QUESTION OF ORDER. 
Mr. EDGER'TON. 1 rise to a question of 
privilege. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will you, 
sir. 
Mr. EDGERTON. When these resolutions 
intxoduced by the gentlenlan from Pennsylvania 
[Mr. FLORENCE] were presented, I objected, and 
have continually objected to their reception. 
1 
call the attention of the Soeakcr to that fact. and 
I ask whether, in the fhce of that objection, tho 
resolutions can ge to the committee Q? thirty- 
three. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair did the 
objection of t.he gentlemarl from Ohio. 
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 made it at top of my 
voice, and several times. 
I objected to the intro- 
(laction of these, resolutions. 
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask for the regular order of 
business. 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ohio 
states that he objected tp the resolutions, of course 
they cannot be referred. 
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 did object. 
IVII•. FLORENCE. Why, Mr. Speaker— 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 am under the impression 
that I called for the regular order of business 
some time since. 
The SPEAKER. Thc gentleman from Ohio 
States that he objected; and the gentleman cannot 
lose his right to object, because the Chair did not 
hear the objection. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Why, sir, 
the gentiernan 
rose after the reading of the resolutious 
menced , and how could the objection then made 
when the unanimous consent of the House bad 
been expressly given fin• the recent of the 
resolutions. 
I would not have presented t ho reso- 
lutions if there 
had been word of objection. 
Mr. BURNETT. 
I would to the o•cn- 
tleman from Ohio that he objncted to 
tions after I had suggested that the readil)g• should 
be dispel')sed with; and the gentlernan .Peii11- 
sylvania had, prior to that tilne, asked the consent 
of the House to introduce the rt•solutions, and no 
objection was made at the time. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Why, had determined 
tl'iat if objection was made, I would not present 
them. 
Mr. GROW. The first reading is always for 
information. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair from 
the statement now made, that the objection was 
made too late. 
Mr. PETTIT. 1 beg to say that the 
was made before any readin(r of the 
It The SPEAKER. was it 
ception of tho resolcuiot'is? r Y he o•ent.lenvan 
Pennsylvania first asked to have the resolulions 
recoived. 
Mr. EDGERTON. It was. 
