1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
123 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 understand that, 1 
M i'. PE'I'TIT. It was, within my knowledge. 
A1 r. A DRAIN. I call f'ör the regular order of have the floor by the unanimous consent of the 
I-louse, and I urn not going to yield it until I am 
McCLERNAND. I ask the gentleman corrected on that point. 
II The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois 
Kentucky to waive his motion for a moment. 
'VI r. E U R.NDTT. I havo made no motion. 
Mr. ADRAIN. lhave called for the. regular 
order of business, and I must insist on it. 
SLAVERY. 
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of 
business to be the consideration of the resolution 
offered yesterday by Mr. CRAWFORD, and which 
is as fo}iows: 
Resoåued„ That the Constitution of the United States 
recoænizes property in slaves; that Congress has passed 
laws to aid slaveholders in recapturing thVeir slaves when- 
ever they cseape and 'nake their way into the free States ; 
that the Supretnc•. Courtot' the United States have decided 
that ne•vroes were not Included, cither in the Declaration of 
Independence or in the of the United States, 
except as slaves„ and that. they cannot become citizens ; 
and we, the n)embcrs of this House, hereby sttstain and 
•vvili support this construction of. the Constitutiön, these 
laws, and said decision of the Supreme Court. 
Mr. A DRAIN. I desire to offer an amendment 
to that resolution. 
Mr. GROW. I object to any amendment. 
Has not the previous question been sustained? 
Mr- A DRAIN. I ask that rny amendment 
may be read, and call the previous -question 
upon it. 
Mr. BURNETT. Irise to order. 
The gentleman-cannot offer any amendment. The 
resolution was offered yesterday and the previous 
question was called upoR it, and my recollection 
is that it was sustained. 
Mr. GROW. And the main question was or- 
SPEAKER. The Chair believes the gen- 
t!cman fron'-. New Jersey is in order. 
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 thought so. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION* 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 rise to question of 
The-SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the 
tlcman. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 desire to brief 
personal explanation, and I ask the indulgence of 
the House to do so. 
Mr. A DRAIN. I do not wish to interrupt the 
from Illinois if he has any personal 
explanation to make; but hope my amendment 
may first be read, and then shall have no objec- 
tion LO his proceeding. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. detain 
but a moment. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire to call the attention 
of the'Spcaker to the official report of the proceed- 
ings of yesterday in tlte Globe of this rnc,rnino 
IVIr. N.Ic,CLERNAND. i the gentleman 
will allow rue a motnent. 
Mr. PURNETT. Certainly; 1 beg the gen- 
t.lernan s pard01) . 
SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the gen- 
tiernan from Illinois. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Some friend has for- 
warded to me the Illinois Journal of the 13th in- 
, in tbc city of Springfield, where 
the President. elect resides, and where also re- 
side, The Journal is nominally edited by a 
G warfed, perverted, ambiguous specimen of hu- 
manity by the name of Baker, a nephew of the 
President elect. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Irise to a point of order. 
This is not a privileged question. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman has not 
heard w l'iat i have to say. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make that point of order, 
Mr. Speaker. 
rose to a privileged question. The Chair stated 
that he would hear the gentleman fromelllinois 
upon his privileged -question, and for that purpose 
he had the order of the Chair and the consent of 
the House to proceed. When the gentleman com- 
menced his remarks, the Chair found that itA,vas 
not a privileged question within the decisions of: 
the Chair and the I-louse, and, objection being 
nmde, the. Chair cannot consent that tho gentle- 
man shall go on. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Will the Chair let me 
make a suggestion ? 
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be very 
happy to hear the gentleman, but cannot undcr 
the rules of thc House. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. suggest whether 
the Chairis not in error upon a point of fact, that, 
although I stated that I rose to a privileged ques- 
tion, I Said afterwards that my object was to make 
a personal explanation, and in that connection 
asked the indulgence of the House that'l might 
I do so, and was permitted, by the silence of the 
House, to proceed for a time. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen- 
tleman cannot bc heard under tho decision that 
the House has made. 
SLAVERY—AGAIN. 
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 •now ask to have read the 
amendment which offer to the resolution of the 
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. CRAWFORD.] 
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to call the attention 
of the Speaker to the report in the Globe, which 
shows. that I was right in my statement that the 
previous question was called, by the gentleman 
from Ohio [Mr. SHERMAN] and seconded, the 
main question ordered, and the yeas and nays 
ordered on the adoption of the rosojütion. 
The SPEAKER. The opinion of the clerks 
is that that statement is correct; but. the fact of 
the previous question having been seconded, and 
the main question ordered, was inadvertently 
omitted from the Journal. The Chair was guided 
by the Journal; but of course, whatever the fact 
is must prevail. The previous was sec- 
onded; and therefore no amendmeilt to the res- 
olution is iii order. 
Mr. ADRA[N. Then 1 move to 
the vote by xvhich the main question was ordered. 
PERSON A1, EXPLANATION. 
Mr. BOCOCK. I shall make a motion, Mr. 
but bcforc I. do so, I ask of 
their votes again-st- that resolution-ec I-: Sho.u\d. have 
done so,• ift- håd$ been •iii the House: I Shall-take 
some opportunity -hereafter: to define my position 
on all lhese questions more, at large. 
As I am on the floor now, a»motiomtö 
lay on the the niotioh ofthégéntleman from 
New Jersey, [MI. ADRAN,] .to r.édoh$ider:tbe vote 
('f yesterday by which , the main 
ordered. 
Mr. GILMER addressed the. Speüer. 
Mr.' ADRAIN. '1 i the 1 
crave way. to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. 
Bococx] for a personal-explanation; but -l cannot 
give way furthef.• 
Mr. GILMER. 1 desire that the vote should 
be reconsidered, because I wish to have the res- 
olution modified in a shape which will, think, 
meet the approval of the gentleman from Georgia. 
i ask the indulgence of- the House to i•éad the 
proposition which I wish to make. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 object. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to n question Of priv- 
I am anxious to have the. deficiency-bill 
passed to-day; and while I desire that the gen- 
tleman from Georgia shall have a fail: vote on his 
proposition, I hope that he will allow it to gooie$ 
till next. Monday. For that purpose, I •move to 
lay the whole su12iect on the. tablé; and I promise 
the gentlemap from Georgia, -that next Monday, 
if I can aid him, he shall have a fair vote. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 desire to say, in reply 
to what has fallen from the gentleman from Ohio, 
that I am very anxious, indeed , that we shall have 
a fair and square vote on the questions•involved in 
my resolution; and I want that to be done at 
Rut the motion made by the gentleman 
.once. 
from Ohio is not in order after the motion sub- 
mitted by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bo- 
COCK] to lay on the table the motion to reconsider 
the vote by which the main question was ordered. 
I would myself, ifpe!mitted by the House, offer 
an amendment tormy resolution, Which does noth- 
ing rnore nor less than make it conform more 
nearly, as 1 understand it, to the decision of t.he 
Supreme Court. To this the gentlemen on the 
other side would [lot, I apprehend, object. 
would, in all probability, cover the difficulty in 
the way .of tho member from North Carolina, 
[Mr. GILMER,] and perhaps, also, to some extent, 
the difficulty in thc way of the member from New 
J ersey, [IV'Ir. .ADhAn..t.] Therefore, if the House 
will permit me to modify In y resolution, we can 
I take a vote on it at once, and have the question 
I disposed of. I am willing, however, to have a 
vote taken on the resolution as pro_posed yester- 
Mr. ST-IFRN[AN. I feel assured that the ques- 
Speaker; 
the I-louse to do w I-)at I do not remember to have. tion will occupy the entire day, as the resolution 
{i ever asked to do..beCore durino• my twelve years' i containsatleastthree affirmative propositions, and 
I am per. 
there is a disposition to divide them. 
_ • that is, to make. a personal I 
service in Ill is I-louse, 
explanation. My explanation will relate to a fectly• willino• that Monday shall be devoted to 
i question which was before the House yesterday, this kind of business; but I (10 hope that gentle- 
and will bc made briefly, and without reflecting men will allow us. to devote this day to the defi- 
I therefore move to lay the whole 
ciency bill. 
upon any other member of this House. 
subject on the table. 
There was no objection. 
Mr. BOCOCK. the more desirous of Mr. BURNETT. The Pacific railroad bill is 
making the explanation, Mr. Speaker, bccause a special order for to-day. 
I discover that while the resolution Qffered yes- ! Mr. CURTIS That isa reason why we should 
terday by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. M0R- get rid of this other question. 
I Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 rise to of order. 
was pending before the House, that gentle- 
The gentleman from New Jersey moved to recon- 
man called attention to the fact that there '.vere I 
sider the vote ordering the mam question. The 
some Inembers sitting near hinl, from the South, 
It might be gentleman from Virginia moved to lay the motion 
I did not vote. 
who failed to vote. 
to reconsider on the table. Now, I ask whether, 
supposed,- therefore, that I was one of the indi- 
in that state of the question, it is in order to move 
viduals sitting in the Housc at that time and dc- 
to lay the whole subject on the table? 
clining to vote. I wish to say now, Mr. Speaker, 
that since I have been a member of the House of The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the 
I Represefltatives, and so I shali continuca motion is in order. 
I Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 am weli satisfied that 
The SPEAKER. It has been repeatedly ruled I member of it, have not sought, and shall not 
in this House by the Chair and sustained •by thc i scek, to escape any respotnsibi]ity properly attach- there is no subject of more importance to all sides 
If I ever have declined Of the House ihan the subject-matter of this res- 
I IOUSC, that these remarks in the public newspa. ing to mv position here. 
to vote on any proposition coming before the Olution, and call for the yeas and. nays on •the 
pers are not to be considered privileged questions. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. had the consent of House, it has not been from any desire of mine to motion to lay it on the table. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
I escape any personal responsibility. I may have 
the House to make a personal explanation. 
The question \vas taken; and it was decided ip 
sometimes done so, because propositions have 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 object, unlessil is in order. 
the negativc—ycas 89, nays 92; as follows: 
The SPEAKER. If the House consent, the been so am biguously worded as to leave their 
II VEAS Charles F. Ada:ns, Aldrich, Allen, 
meaning doubtful, or deceive the country as to the 
Chair will hear the gentleman from Illinois with 
Afley, Ashley, Babbitt. Bingbüln, Blair, Blake, 
true position of zuernbcrs here. 
Brayton, Bumnton, Biirlingäme, Burnham, Butterfield, 
-pleasure. Objection is made; therefore the gen- 
Now, in regard tothe resolution of the gentleman Case, Colfh..x, Conkling, Curtis, - Delano, 
tlcrnan cannot be beard. 
. from I flinois, if i had been in the House. when Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, 
N'lr. A DRAIN. I ask now that my amend- 
Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Graham; Grow, Gttrle.y,; 
the vote was taken, I should not have had any 
II ickillan, 110ard, fliltcbin.s, Irvine, 
ment rnay be read.' 
Hale, Ueiniiek, 
N'lr. STITANTON. The Globe shows that the diffcultyns to my vote; and I cheerfully and freely 
.YuntGo, Francis VV. Kellogg; Kenyon.' 
previous question was sustained on the resolution come forward now to range myself by the Sidc of 
DeWitt Leach, Lee, LODgnecker,? -Loomis,- Lox-•ejoy, 
of the gentleman fromGeorgia, [Mr. CRAWFORD.] those gentlemen who, on this occasion, recorded MéKean, McKnight, McPhersÖn;mnvard3NiXOD'Pahner' 
