126 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 18, 
be referred to the Committee of;the Whole, 
-will come up when the notion is made. That is 
a question for the House to consider. The other 
is for the 'Speaker to decide as p. technical propo- 
szlion. 
Mr. BRANCH. Ifthe Speaker is in any doubt 
upon: the point, I -will -ask -that- the : decision of 
Speaker Orr upon the French spoliation bill be 
read. 
The SPEAKER. .The chair would like to 
hear it read. 
Mr. SICKLES. myself, bc- 
fore Speaker Orr; upon the French spoliation bill. 
The decision was made upon that point of order. 
That was a bill IYjaking an appropriation tp pay 
a debt-—a wholly distinct proposition from this 
bill. - This bill authorizcs a contract. 
Mr. BRANCH. T.he gentleman from New 
'fie point of order 
York has mistaken the case. 
in the case to which I referred luvas made by Mr. 
Letcher, of Virginia, and was fully discussed in 
the House for several hours before it was decided. 
-I ask that the decision beread. 
'llhe decision of Speaker Orr was read, as fol- 
lows: 
" The SPEAKER. The Chair•will decide the question of 
order. The Chair imagines there is a very oreat difference, 
according to his recollection,. between the bill now pend, 
ina, atld Ibe one to h.vhich the genticnmn from Georgia [MY. 
-St.ephcns] has reftrred. There was, certainly, no portion 
of- the' tax or charge, if-it was -'a charge upon the people, 
which -could have been -drawn from the Treasury under 
th"e pension bill. 'I'lic difficulty in deciding thiS question 
gimvs, in- the Opinion -of the Chair,- out of the proper con- 
stfltetion . thht is to be pihced upon t.he, last t,vvo lines ot• 
the seventh section of the bill, taken in connection with a 
clause in the act of '1853. 'l'he words to which the Chair 
re.förs are these: and such- cerüficates ot• stock'—the 
$5,000,000 of stock which it is provided shall be issued— 
shall be redcanable at the 'I'reasury oti the United States.' 
Now; if the Chair could have the benefit of the opinion ot 
the Attorney General, as to what would be the interpreta- 
tion of Lll(s law, he perhaps, have less difhculty in de- 
ci(tinz now. 'I'hc question depends upon that interpretation. 
Can the holders of' the stock present their certificates at the 
Treasury, aud (Itaw thcit• Inoney upon those certificates? 
'l'heC,hair was inclined to the opinion thaL it. would require 
t'urthcr lcgtslatlon; 
thc attention of the Chair has been 
called to the act of 18.33, (tenth chapter of Statutes at 
Large, paue 212,) in which this langnauc is used : 
bc it J*urther enacted, 'Thai the Secretary of' the 
Treasury be, and hc is hereby, authorized to rchase, at 
tho current 'narket prie.e, any ot' the outst.an(ltng stocks of 
the United States, as hc Inay think Inost advisable, froin 
any snrplus fund from the-Treasury, provided the balance 
from the '.rrcasury shall not, at any tiine, be reduced below 
NOW, if the- Secretary or-thc Treasury can, by virtue 
i't• thiS clattse, redeelll tbc stocks, unquestionably there is 
that iii tbc biii which an- appropriation. In de•ciding 
this (Idestion, the Chair has LO decide the legal point in- 
vowed, according to his judgment asa lawyer. 
the sev- 
enteenth line of the ninth pave. will be iöund what would 
sceni to indicate the understanding of I-hc fratner of the bill. 
He there speaks of the herein appropriated.' 'I'he 
Chiiir supposes that the bikk was fratned with a view that 
it should not be sent to tho Committee of the Who!e on the 
state -of the Uniån; hilt. be thinks, also, that in that pur- 
pose it has and the question being one of doubt,-the 
Chair is deternxined in hiS judgment by the precedents, 
which are. uniform, so (hr as Ille Chair 
has been able to 
examine them, in sending this French spoliation bill to the 
Conunit.teeoü the on the state of the Union turcon- 
sideration. Il'hc Chair decides that the bill t-nust go to the 
Ccnnrnittee of Ole WV hole on the state of' the Union." 
Mr. BRANCH. that decision there was 
an appeal, and the yeas and nays were taken 
upon, a motion to la_y the a_ppeal on the table. 
Tho déé,ision of the Chair was sustained. 
CURTIS. This bill is in form of au- 
thoriztn«r a-cOntract, and is like a bill authorizincy 
a•contract to be made for carrying the mail, or for 
any other purpose. 
It proposes to authorize a 
contract to ber made for doing a certain service in 
a e.erlain way. it appropriates no but 
proposes -to pa-y for the contract in two ways: 
by donatincr a certain amount of land; sec- 
ond,-by paying in bonds of a certain kind, and 
not in stock—the. bonds to .be paid by the Treas- 
ury of the United States in thirty years. It secms 
to me that here is a great difference between this 
bill and bills making approprigtions. 
I will read 
from the bill a desei•iptiön of the bonds: 
SEC. 12. ,and be it further enacted, That the bonds au- 
mittee of the Whole on of the Union, as money can be taken out of the Treasury, it is not 
any one will see by its general appearance. But that' kind of legislation that the roles require to 
inasmuch as this bill has been under considera- go to the Committee of the Whole on the stato of 
tion, has been published, and is well understood, the Union. But if our action, in conncctioo with 
it is not my purpose, unless the Chair so rules, to the laws of the Government, will allow money to 
have it go to the Committee of the Whole; and 
shall try to give good reasons why 1 think SC is 
not necessary so to• refer it. 
•I believe it never 
has been in the Committee of the Whole. It was 
not referred to that committee last year upon the 
ground that we supposed, under the new rule, 
we could consider and determine the xxvhole mat- 
ter without sen'ding it to that committee, I do 
not know whether that point was taken by the 
gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. BRANCI-I. The point of order was made; 
but it was suøgcstcd that, inasmuch as the com- 
mittce intended to move to postpone the consid- 
oration of the bill to a day certain, the point of 
order would go over with it. It was not pressed, 
therefore, it being understood that when the bill 
was taken up the point would be pressed. 
Mr. CURTIS. we had it up for consideration 
for two days; and the only reason why I could 
not get a final vote upon it was, that it was -re- 
committed to the committee, and when it was 
affain reported, we had not time to consider it. 
Mr. BRANCH. Docs the gentleman refer to 
this bill? 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 refer to the general bill. 
Mr. BRANCH. Perhaps I may not under- 
stand the gentleman from Iowa. There was a 
bili for a Pacifw railroad that s,vas up, and was 
discussed for a day or two, and made no point 
of order upon it. Tl'he bill '•,vas recommitted to 
the committee by a vote of the House. "1'he bill 
now before the House was reported back to the 
House in consequence of its recor-n 
has never been considered in thc•Housc at all. 
IVIP. CURTIS. technically speaking, 
the gentleman is right; but this is tlle same bill, 
with amendments, which the conn•nittee made to 
meet objections which were urged to it in the 
House. Certainly the clause to which tho gen- 
tleunan from North Carolina refers was in the 
I former bill just as it is in this. 
rl'hc bill was 
considerod beföre in thc House without being re- 
ferred to the Cornmittec of the Whole on the state 
of the Union, and \vas tu•trued for two or tln•ee 
days. The changes that have been madc by the 
conunittec arc trifling in importance. 
rl'hcy ccr- 
tainly do not make a6y difference in the propriety 
of considering thc bill in the House as it was be- 
fore considered. 
Mr. GROW If the gentleman from Iowa will 
allow me, would like to ask l')im a question for 
information, as I have not got the bilk, and should 
not have time to examine it minutely if I had. 
Docs the bill provide for the issuing of bonds in 
such a way that, will) (Iu y furthe action of Con- 
oress, Inoney can bc taken out of the Treasury of 
the United States? That is the point, I take it. 
Mr. CURTIS. It does not. 
Mr. BRANCH. 
I hope we shall have this de- 
bate conducted with regularity. T be very point 
in issue upon which the, whole qneslion of order 
rests, is whether money can be taken out of the 
Treasury under this bill without further action by 
Concrress. 
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to direct attention to 
If the question had been pro- 
another feature. 
pounded whether the liability of the Government 
for the money was fixed, then it would have been 
easily answered. Certaiilly the liability of the 
Governmont for the amount of the bonds is fixed 
Mr. GROW. I only wrant to ascertain the fact. 
I take it that thero is no question about the rule, 
upon either side of the House, that any measure 
that will allow money to be taken out of the Treas- 
urv, without any subsequent action by Congress, 
, must first be considered in the Committee Of the 
Whole on the state of the Union. Now, it is a 
i simple qucstion of fact: not whether the Govern- 
thorized to be issued by the provisions of this act shall merit is liable for the bonds, but can the moncy 
be madc payabie to bearer, and redee\nable at the Treasury be drawn from Treasury without some fur- 
of the United States in thirty years from the date thereof, 
boating interest at the rate of' five per centum per annum, 
payable se;ni-ann aany at the Treasury ofthe (Jjiited States ; 
and if bonds be issund, they be coupon bond* or in- 
at the election of the said corporation or 
corporations. 
It seems to me here is nothing like an appro- 
priation. The bill was not drawn with any view 
to avoid the necessity of referring it to the Com- 
i' ther action by Congress? 
Mr. CURTIS. It cannot. 
MI'. GROW. If it can, then the bill should go 
to the Committee of the Whole on the State of the 
II Union; if not, then it need not go there, because 
it has been decided, over and over aoain, that we 
can impose liabilities upon the. Govei•nment; hut 
be taken out of the 'Treösury without any subse- 
I quent act.ion, then it must go the Committ.ee of 
the Whole on the state of the Union. And it was 
simply as to that question of fact that I •was ask- 
iliff the gentleman from Iowa. 
will say to the gentleman from Texas, if he 
will allow me, that the fact that the Government 
is liable to pay the bonds, does not make this such 
a measure as must necessarily be first considered 
It must be some measure of leeis- 
in committee. 
lation that will allow money to bc takcn out of the 
Treasury #ithout any subsequent action. Now, 
whether this bill does that or not, is the question 
which I have not examined. thereföre asked 
the question. 
Mr. REAGAN. The 
All proceedings touching appropriations of money shall 
be first discussed in a Committee of the VVhole House. 
Thé question is, whether the Government is 
made liable by this bill for money that is to be 
withdrawn from the Treasury? Ifthe bill is passed, 
the liability of the Government certainly fixed 
for this amount of money. There is bound to be 
so much money taken out of the Treasury, or the 
Government must repudiate its legal obligations. 
Ifthe payment of these bonds is to be made, it, in 
reality, whatever may be the phraseology of the 
bill, fixes the liability of the Government to pay 
so much money, and determines that the people, 
through this Government, shall be responsible for 
the bonds. 
Mr. GROW. Let me say a word just at that 
point. Congress can pass a law fixing the salary 
of an officer of the Government at fifty dollars a 
month, for instance, or at whatever amount you 
please, and it is not necessary that itshall first be 
considered in the Committee of the NM hole on the 
state of tl'le Union. But. a bill to appropriate. the 
money to pay that salary must be first considered 
in the' Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union. The Government, however, is just as 
much liable, when you have fixed the salary that 
an officer shall receive, for the amount of that 
salary, as in any other way in which you can fix 
liability upon it. Now, as to the question of fact 
in regard to this bill, I am not informed. 
Mr. REAGAN. The fourth section of bill 
, provides for the issuance of these bonds; it not 
only fixes the liability, but provides for the issu- 
ance of the bonds. 
Mr. GROW. I desire to ask the gentleman if 
the bill provides any means for their payment? 
The information I seek is whether the bill fixes 
any way for; paying the bonds ? 
Mr. SICKLES. It does not. 
Mr. BRANCH. The question, Mr. Speaker, 
as to whether this money can be paid without any 
further action of Congress, has already been de- 
cided by this House itself in the decision to which 
I have referred. The very language of this bill is 
identical with the language OF the French spolia- 
tion bill, in reference to which Mr. Speaker Orr 
decided that it must go to the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union. Now, sir, let 
me read from the fourth section of the bill: 
The bonds authorized to be issued by tho provisions 
thisact shall be made payable to the bearer, and redeem- 
able at the Treasury ot' thc United States. 
The language of the French spoliation bill, the 
words upon which Mr. Speaker Orr based his 
decision, wcrc as follows. i read from his decis- 
ion: 
The words to which the Chair refers are these: And 
such certificates of stock [the of stock I,vhich it 
is provided shall be issued] shall be redeemable at the 
Treasury of the United States.' 
The Chair wili perceive that the words in the 
French, spoliation bill were identically the sarne 
as the words of the bill that we now have before 
us. The House in that case, decided that the bill 
enabled monoy to be drawn from the Treasu ry 
without further action by Congress; that 
bonds are issued, and made redeemable at the 
Treasury, then the act of 1853, which I have al- 
ready read, comes into effect, and authorizes the 
Secretary of the Treasury to redeem those bonds 
out of any surplus in the Treasury, provided 
I always that he shall never reduce the surpxus 
until there is some action proposed, by which below $6,000,000. 
