130 
widows and next in Order on they 
Mr.. CURT-IS objected to the consideration of 
the, joint resolution. 
T'he question was taken; and the committee 
refused to consider the joint resolution. 
DUTIES 0-N IMPORTS. 
Thernext bill on the Calendar was House bill 
(No. 481) to fix and regulate the dutieS On im- 
ports, and for other purposes, 
Mr. SCOTT objected to the eonsideration of 
the bill. 
The- question was taken; and thå committee 
refused to consider the bill. 
BUSINESS PASSED OVER.. 
The following matters coming up in their order, 
were severally objected to by Mr. CURTIS, and 
the question being taken in each case, the com- 
mittce refused to consider the same: 
A series of resolutions requesting the President 
of-the Unitcd States to open negotiations with the 
leading Powers of Europe for the suppression of 
the slave trade, and declarin(F it a crime aøainst 
international law; 
A bill (H. R. No. 2) to the sea-service 
pay of pursers in the Navy; 
Ah act (S. No. 142) to secure thc right of pre- 
emption to certain settlers on land temporarily 
ogeu• ied as an Indian reserve in Oregon; and 
A (H. R. No. 554) to extend the right of 
appeal from decisions of circuit courts to the 
Supreme Court of tbc United States. 
PAY. OF MICMBDRS OF CONGRESS. 
The ncxt,bill in order upon Ilie Calendar, was 
a bili (El. R. No. 71) to reduce the compensation 
and mileage of Senators, Rcpresentauvcs, and 
Dclemates m Coneyresg. 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, moved that 
the bill be takan up for consideration. Ide urged 
the House to pass it at once, believing, when he 
introduced the bili to reduce the compensation of 
members, that. it was not only right and just, but 
that the condition of thc finances requ i red its pas- 
sage, as well as other reforrns, and reductions of 
expenditure, in every department of the Govern- 
ment. 
Several MEMBERS on both sides of the Hall 
objected to the consideration of the bill, amidst 
much laughter. 
The question was taken; and the committee 
refused to M)nsider the bill. 
BILLS PASSED OVER. 
Tho committee, by sc arate votes, refused to 
consider n bill (H. R. o. 560) to confirm cer- 
tain payments, and to establish the pay of pur- 
sers? eclerks; and an act (S. No. 200) •directincy 
the conveyance of a lot of ground for the use of 
the pubiic schools in Washington• city; the con- 
sideration of the game being objected to by Mr. 
C Ulvrrs. 
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS IN NEW MF,XICO. 
next business in order on the Calendar, 
was a bill (H. R. No. 376) providing for the ex- 
amination Of claims for h')dian depredations in 
the Territory of New Mexico. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 object to the consideration 
of -that bill. 
Mr. OTERO. ask that that bill be referred 
tothe -territofia•r Calendar for to-morrow. 
The CHAIRMAN. No motion is necessary 
for that purpose. The question is, will the com- 
mittec consider thc bill now ? 
The question was taken; and the committee 
ref'used to consider the bill. 
RAILROAD GRANT TO NEBRASKA. 
A bill (H. R. No. 701) b 
ålternate sec- 
tions of the public lands to aid in the construc- 
tion of certain railroads in thc Territory of Ne- 
braska, was next in order, 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 bill will be taken 
up; and then the chairman of the select committee 
on the Pacific railroad •can offer his bill as an 
amendrnent to it. That wili 'save any further 
trouble. 
Several MEMBERS objectcd_tö the consideration 
of the bill. 
Mr. BRANCH. This is not to be taken as a 
ruling of the committee that the gentleman from 
Iowa is to be permitted to offer his bill as an 
amendment to this bid}. 
GLOBE. 
December 18, 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 propose to offer 
ment mySelf. 
The CHAIRMAN, The question is,- 
the committee consider this bill r 
The question was taken; and tbc committee 
determined to consider the bill. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I now propose an amend- 
ment, which is not like any other bill before this 
I move to strike out ali after thc enact- 
House. 
ing clause, and to insert what I send to the Clerk 's 
desk. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 offer my as an amend- 
ment to the gentler-nan 's amendment. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 the reading of the 
original bio. 
The CHAIRMAN. The from Vir- 
ginia will bear in mind that any gentleman has 
a right to rise und propose amendments to the 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 make the point of order, 
that no amendments can be proposed to a bill 
until that bill is before the committee. 
The CHAIRMAN. 'rhe gentleman from Vir- 
'Finia is riyht. T hc Clerk will report thc bill. 
Clerk read the bill. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 nowoffermyamendment. 
Mr. CURTIS. And amendment to 
that amcndment. 
Mr. BRANCH. Let us understand precisely 
how this matter stands. As I understand it, the 
bill has been read through the first time. It is 
now 10 be read through clauses, for amend- 
If the gentleman from lown moves to 
ments. 
strike out the whole bill, and inscrt his in lieu of 
it, I take it, the original bill must still be read 
through by clauxes, and each section r•nay be 
amended before the question is taken on striKing 
out the whole. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that 
it was competent for the gentlcman from Ohio to 
rn•opose his amendment, and for the gentleman 
from Iowa to propose his tunendment io that; but 
the first proceeding of the committee will bc to 
rend the original bill by clauses for amendinents, 
as stated by the gentlernun fronl North Carolina.. 
The Clerk proceeded to read the first section of 
the bill for tunendlnent. 
Mr. REAGAN, (interrupting the reading.) I 
do not understand how this is. 
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is being read by 
clauses for amendment. 
Mr. REAGAN. The information I want is as 
to at what time, and in what manner, we can get 
to amend the bill proposed as an amendment by 
the gentleman from Iowa. 
The CHAIRMAN. The original bill is open 
to amendment, as it is read by sections. The 
Chair will hold that the next question will be 
upon the the gentleman from Iowa 
to the amendment of the g0ntleman from Ohio. 
Mt•. REAGAN. Will the amendment of the 
gentleman from Iowa be rend by clauses for 
amend Inont? 
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk is now read- 
ing the original bill by clauses for amendment, 
and, unless the gentleman desires to propose an 
amendment, it is not in order interrupt tl'iat 
proceedine. 
Mr. REAGAN. I want to know if this is a 
parliamentary trick to defeat amendments to the 
bill that is really thc subject of the action of the 
committee ? 
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the 
gentleman from Iowa is in the nature of a sub- 
stitute for the amendment of •the gentleman from 
Mr. REAGAN. YVill it be in order to move 
to amend that amendment before it is acted on ? 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide 
that question when it Brises. 
The Clerk then completed the reading of the 
first section of the bill. 
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Chairman, 1 wish to 
inquire if it is too late now to make a question of 
order upon the offering of the amendment of thc 
gentleman from Iowa ? 
Tho CHAIRMAN. It is not in order now. 
The only thing under consideration at this time 
is the original bill, 
It must be read through by 
clauses, and is open to amendment, MY hen it has 
been read through, we shall take up tho amend- 
ments of the gentleman from Iowa and the gen. 
tleman from Ohio. 
REAGAN. Then, when the amendment 
Of' the gentleman from Iowa is proposed, I sup- 
pose I can make my question of order. 
CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide 
these questions when they arise. The Clci•k will 
now read the second section of the bill unless the 
gentleman desires to offer an amendment to the 
first section. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to makc an 
inquiry of the Chair for information. Sappogc 
the committee should now rise: wili not the bill. 
under Consideration be the first business in order 
when we go into the Committee of the Whole-on 
the state of the Union again? 
The CHAIRMAN. If no special order over. 
rides it, the Chair thinks it will be: but the pres• 
ent occupant of the chair may not then be in the 
chair. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. This is a very im- 
portant bill—one reported from the Commitlce on 
Public Lands by myself; and I feel very much 
disinclined to have it murdered in this way by a 
trick of legislation for the benefit of another rail• 
I move that the committee do now rise, in 
road . 
order that we may look into this matter. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to inquiry 
If the committee now rises, will 
of the Chair. 
not this bill, with the pending amendments, come 
up as a matter of course, whenever the House 
again resolves itself into the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union? 
The CHAIRMAN. The present occupant of 
the chair may not be called upon to decide that 
question; but in his judgment, under the amended 
rules, this will be the first business in order in 
tbc Cornmittee of the Whole unless overridden 
by special orders. 
Mr. SHERMAN. It is equivalent then to 
special order in committee, and I can sec no ob.. 
jection to rising now. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I insist on my mo- 
tion. 
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman to with- 
I want to understand the 
hold it for a moment. 
situation of that rnutter so that no rights may be 
I desire to raise question of order, and 
waived. 
do not want to lose the right to raise that question 
of order, which I Inuy do if the committee now 
Mr. PHELPS. The amendments have 
yet been read, and I suppose questions of order 
cannot, be decided by the Chair until the amend- 
ments have been read; consequently, thc gentle- 
man's question of order can be as well raised at 
the next session of the committee as now. 
The CHAIRMAN. The point of of the 
gentleman from Texas will be in order when the 
committee goes into session again. 
Mr. REAGAN. I want to get a question of 
order raised now. The Clerk has been reading 
a substitute offered to the original bill, as I un- 
ders land. 
Mr. PHELPS. Cannot the question of order 
be raised at the next meeting of the committee ? 
T hc CHAIRMAN. The Chair sees no reason 
why it cannot. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 wish it understood, that 
when the substitutes of the gentleman from Iowa 
and the gentleman from Ohio shall be read, if 
they shall prove to be propositions for building 
other railroads than railroads in Nebraska, shall 
Object to their reception on the ground that they 
are inconcn•uous. 
The CHAIRMAN. The substitutes not 
now' before the committee for its action; nothing 
but the original bill. 
Mr. BRANCH. I only want to make that res- 
ervation of rny rights. 
Mr. REAGAN. My object is toknox.v whether 
I can now make my point of order. The question 
is this: this bill has now been read by sections. I 
wan t to understand whet her the mode that has been 
adopted by the gentleman from Iowa and the, gen- 
tleman from Ohio in making an amendment in the 
second degree will preclude us from the right of 
having the bill which is intended to be acted upon 
read by sections for amendment? 
The CHAIRMAN. The bill was being read 
by sections fbr amendment. The next business 
for the committee is to have the rest of it read. 
The two amendments referred to by the gentleman 
from Texas are not now before the committee, 
and therefore are not subject to points of order. 
I now insist on my 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 
motion that the committee rise. 
