134 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December J9, 
consider „that there is no question of faith any palpable violation of' the, Constitution the Ulli- 
way. 
RAILROAD CONNECTION AT WASHINGTON. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
olution pröposing amendments to the Constitu- 
tion is before the Senate, as the unfinished busi- 
ness. 
Mr. KENNEDY, ask joint resolution 
takes precedence of the ordere that was made on 
Monday for- the •consideration of another- bill at 
this hOür? 
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. The resolution 
Will •be •read by its 'title; and then it will be the 
duty of the Chair to call up the othcr special order 
for the disposition of the Senate at this time. 
The Secretary read the title: " A joint resolu- 
tion (S. No. 48) proposing amendments to the 
Constitution of the United States. " 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That comes 
up as the unfinished business of yesterday; but 
another bill was made the special order for this 
time, and iL is the duty o? the Chair to call it up; 
it takes precedence as being assigned for this 
hour, and is subject to the disposition of the 
It will be read by its title. 
Senate. 
The Secretary read: A bill (S. No. 377) to 
authorize the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com- 
pany to extond the Washington branch of their 
road to the Potomac river, and across the same, 
by the extension of the present structure known 
as •the• Long Bridge, for the purpose of connect- 
ing with the Virginia railroads at that point. " 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill is 
bofore the Senate. 
Mr. KENNEDY. In order to accommodate 
my friend who was on the floor yesterday, and 
to give' him an opportunity to conclude his re- 
marks, I move to postpone the consideration of 
this bill, and make it the special order for to- 
mOrrow at one o'clock. 
The motion was agreed to. 
FORTS IN CHARLESTON IIARBOR. 
Mr. CLARK. I attempted a while ago to call 
up a resolution which I submitted the other day, 
asking for information in regard to Forts Moul- 
in the harbor of Charleston, 
trie and Sumter 
South- Carolina. I sce the Senator from Oregon 
now in his place, and I desire simply to g • e 
notice-that some time to-morrow, during the mo n- 
ing hour, I will endeavor to call it up. 
AMENDMM,TTS TO TifE CONSTITUTION. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Pint res- 
olution presented by the, Senator from lenncssee 
[Mr. J onN50N] is, as special order, now before 
the Senate for consideration, and upon it the Sen- 
ator from Tennessee is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. JOHNSON,0fTennessec. Mr. Pfesident, 
yesterday, while I was pursuing linc of argu- 
ment to provc that a Statc had no constitutional 
power to secede from the Union without the con- 
sent of the other States, I was diverted frmn it to 
gome extent by making use of an illustration in 
reference to the law of the State of Vermont upon I 
the subject of fugitive slaves, which led to the 
Senator from Vermont [Mr. COLI, AMERI making 
an explanation in refcrcnce to that law. did not 
think his explanation was entirely satisfactory; 
and the answer that he made to the direct question 
that I propounded .to him, I tl'iink is morc unsatis- 
factory than the preceding portion of his remarks. 
That Senator beipg,a gcntleman of legal attain- 
ments, having presided in the courts of the coun- 
try, arid having been for a long time in the coun- 
cils of the country, I asked him a plain question 
in regard to a law of his own State, about which 
there had becn much controversy in the news- 
papers. asked him whether he was of opinion 
that it was a constitutional law, or whether it did 
not come in conflict with the fugitive slave law 
which was passed by the of the United 
States in strict conformity with the Constitution 
of the country. I do not see him in his place; but 
if I remember his reply, it was an evasion. He 
said that it might or might not be unconstitutional. 
did not ask him what it might or might not be; 
I asked simply what was his opinion upon the 
subject, and there was no reply given to that ex- 
plicit question. 
I think it will -be determined by the courts, and 
will be determined by the judgment of the coun- 
try, that the acts passed iii 1850 and 1858 by the 
Legislature of Vermont are a violation, a gross, 
ted States. It is clear and conckasive to my mind, 
that a State passinc an unconstitutional act in- 
tended to impede or to prevent the execution Of 
a law passed by thc Congress of the United Slates 
which is constitutional, is thereby piaced, so far 
as the initiative is concerned, in a state of rebel- 
It is an open act of nullification. It is true 
that, so far as my information I am not 
aware that there has been any attempt in Vermont 
to wrest any persons out of the hands of the of- 
ficcrs of the United States, or to imprison or to 
fine any person under the operation of this law; 
but the passage of such an act is to initiate rebel- 
lion. I think it comes in conflict directly with the 
spirit and letter of the Constitution of the United 
States, and to that extent is an act of nullification, 
and places the State in open rebellion to the Uni- 
ted States. 
I stated, yesterday, that there was no power 
conferred upon the Congress of the United States, 
by the Constitution, to coerce a State in its sov- 
ereign capacity; that there was no power on the 
part of the Congress of the United States even to 
bring a State into the supreme tribunal of the 
country. You cannot put a State at the bar of 
the Supreme Court of the United States. But, in 
this connection, I did say that the Congress of 
the United States had the power to pass laws to 
operate upon individuals within the lin•lits of a 
State, by which all the functions of this Govern- 
ment could be executed and carried out. Then, 
in this case, if Vermont, either by ans act of se- 
cession, which I take to be unconstitutional, or 
v,'ithout first having seceded from the Union of 
the. States by open force, in conformity with the 
laws of the State, should resist or attempt to resist 
the execution of the laws of the United States, it 
would be a practical rebellion, an overt act; and 
this Government has the power and the authoritv 
under the Constitution to enforce tho laws of the 
United States, and it has the power and authority 
to call to its aid such means as arc deemed neces- 
sary and proper for the exccution of the laws, 
even if it was to lead to the calling out of the 
militia, or calling into service the Army and Navy 
of the United States to execute the laws. Whilc 
I make this application to Vermont, I say the 
same principle applies to every other State placin& 
herself in a likc attitude in opposition to, aud in 
contravention of, the execution of the laws of the 
United States. 
I do not think it necessary, in order to preserve 
this Union, or to keep• a Slate within its sphere, 
that the Congress of the United Sta tes should 
have the power to coerce a State. NI t.hut is ne- 
cessary is for the Government to have the power 
to execute and to carry out all the powers con- 
ferred upon it l'.»y the Constitution, whether they 
apply to the State or otherwise. T Ilis, think, 
the Govermnent clearly has thc power to do; and 
so long as the Government executes all the laws 
in good faith, denying the right of a State con- 
stitut.ionally to secede, so lone• the, Sta_t.e is in the' 
Union, and subject to all the provisions of the 
Constitution and the laws passed in conformity 
with it. For example: the power is conferred on 
the Federal Govern ment to carry the mails through 
the several States; to establish post offices aud 
post roads; tbc power is conferred on the Fed- 
eral Govern ment to establish courts in the respect- 
ive States; thc power is conferred on the General 
Governrnent to lay and collect taxes i n the sev- 
eral States, and so on. • The various powers arc 
enu tnerated, and each and every one. oft.l') cse pow- 
ers the Federal Government has the constitutional 
authority to execute within the limits of the States. 
It is not an invasion of a State for the FederaE 
Government to execute its laws, to take carc of 
its public property, and to enforce the collection 
of its revenue; but if, in the execution of the laws; 
if, in the enforcetnent of the '_•onstitution, it nwets 
with resistance, it is the duty of the-Governmcnt, 
and it has the authority, to put down resistance, 
and effectually to execute the laws as contem- 
plated by the Constitution of the country. 
But this was a diversion fron"i the line of my 
I was goincr on to show that, accord- 
argument. 
ing to the opinions of the fathers, not only of the 
country but of the Constitution itself, no State, 
of its own volition , had the right to withdraw from 
the Confederacy after having entered into the com- 
I referred yesterday to the last letter Mr. 
pact. 
Madison wrote upon this subject—at least it is the 
last one that I have-been able to find—in which he 
i summed up this subject in a conclusive and mas- 
In his letter to Mr. Webst.er of 
i teriy manner. 
March 15,518.33, upon thercceiptof Mr. Webster's 
i speech, after excitement had subsided to some 
extcnt and the country had taken its stand, Mr. 
Madison said: 
The Constitution of the United States being estab*ishcd 
by a competent authority, by that of the sovereign people 
of the several States who were parties to it, it remains 0Biy 
to inquire what the Constitution is ; and here it speaks 
itself. It organizes a Governrnent into the usual legislative 
executive, and judiciary departrnents ; invests it with speci- 
fied powers, leaving others to the parties to the Constitu- 
tioti. It. makes thc Government, like other Governments , 
to operate directly on the people ; places •at its command 
the needful physical means of executing its powers ; and 
finally proclaims its supronacy, and that-of the laws made 
in pursuance of it, over the constitutions and laws of the 
States, the powers of the Govcrmnent being exercised; as 
in other elective and res"nsible Governments, under the 
control of its.constituents, people, and tbe Legislatures of 
the States, and :ubject to the revolutionary rights of the 
people in extrene cases. 
" Such is the Constitution of the United States de jure 
and.de facto; and the name, whatever it be, that may be 
given to it, can Inake it nothing more or less than what 
it is." 
This is clear and conclusive, so far as Mr. Mad- 
I showed yesterday 
isoh 'roes on the subject. 
that in 1789, in makiig his report upon the Vir- 
Tinia resolutions, he gave the true interpretation 
to those resolutions, and explained what, was 
mcant•by the 'vvord respective" beforc States. 
In his letter, in 1832, to Mr. Rives, and in his 
letter of 1832, to Mr. Trist, (to which I referred 
yesterday,) having had time to reflect on the op- 
eration of the various provisions of the Constitu- 
tion upon the country, in the decline of life, when 
hc had seen the experiment fairly made, when his 
mind was matured upon every single point and 
provision in the Constitution, he, at that 12tte pe- 
riod, sums up the- doctrine and comes to the con- 
clusion that I am contending for on the present 
occasion. 
In addition to this, Mr. Jefferson, who prior 
to the formation of the Const.itution was in Paris, 
writing letters on the subject of tbc formation of 
u stable Government here, saw tlle great defect in 
the Federal head under the old Articles of Con- 
federation , and he pointed with the unerring finger 
of philosophy and certainty to what is now in 
the Constitutioim, as what was wanting in the old 
Articles of Confederation. Mr. Jefferson, in his 
letter to Colonel Monroe, dated Paris, August 11, 
1786, speaks thus: 
There never be moncv in the 'Treasury till the 
Coni>deracy show„ its t.ecth. 'I'Le States Inust see the rod ; 
perhaps it must bc felt bv some ouc of them. I anl per- 
suaded all of them would rejoice to see every one obliged 
to furnish its contributions. 
It is not the difficulty of fur- 
nislling them which beggars the Treasury, but the tear that 
others will not furnish as lunch. 
Every rational citizen 
inust wish to see an effective instrtunent of and 
should fear to see it on any other element than the water." 
Here Mr. Jefferson, seeing tho difficulty that, 
under the old Articles of Confederation, the Fed- 
eral Government had not the power to execute 
its laws, that it could not collect revenue, points 
to what should be in the Constitution of thc Uni- 
ted States when formed. Mr. Jefferson, upon the 
same idea which was in his mind, and which l,vas 
afterwards embodied in the Constitution, said, in 
a letter to E. Carrington, duted Paris, Augitst 4, 
I confess I do not go as far in the reforms thought neces- 
sary, as some of my correspondents in Arnerica ; but if the 
convention should adopt such propositions, shall suppose 
then) necessary. My general plan would be 'nake the 
States one as to everything connected •,vith foreign nations, 
and several as to everything purely d01nestie. But, with 
all thc imperfections or our present Government, it is with- 
outr the best existinc, or that ever did exist. 
Its greatest defect is the imperfect Inanner in which mat- 
. ters of ccnnmerce have been provided *Or.. 
It has been 
often said, as to be generallv believed, that Congress have 
no power by the to enlbrce anything—for 
example, coutributions of nroney. 
It was not necessary to 
give them that power expressly ; they have it by the law of 
nature. When tan parties make a compact, there •re.su,its to 
cach a Of compelling the other to execute it. 
When two parties make a compact, thei•e rc- 
sults to each a power of compelling the other to 
execute it.' 
'This is Jefferson 's language. 
was not even expressed in the Constitution, the 
power to preserve itself and maintain its authority 
would be possessed by the Federal Govern ii)ent 
from the very existence of the Government itself, 
upon the great principle that it must have 
i power to preserve its own existence. But we find 
i that, in plain and express terms, this authority 
is delegated. The very powers that Mr. Jeffer- 
