1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
son pointed out as being wanting in the old Gov- 
ernment, under-the Articles of Confederation, are 
granted by the Constitution of the United States 
to the present Government by express delegation. 
Congress has the power to lay and collect taxes; 
Congress has the power to pass laws to restore 
fugitives from labor escaping from one State into 
offces and post roads; Congress has the power to 
establish courts in the difü.n•ent States; and havincr 
these powers, it has the authority to do everything 
necessary to sustain the collection of the revenue, 
the enforcement of the judicial system, and the 
carrying of the mails. Because Congress, having 
the power, undertakes to execute its laws, it will 
not do to say that the Government is placed in 
the position of an aggressor. Not so. It is only 
acting within the scope of, the Constitution, and 
in compliance with its delegated pow.ers. But a 
State that resists the exercise of those powers be- 
comes the aggressor, and places itself in a rebel- 
lious or nullifying attitude. It is the duty of this 
Government to execute its laws in good faith. 
When the Federal Government shali filil to exe- 
cute all the lows that are made in strict conformity 
with the Constitution, if our sister States shatl 
pass laws violative of that Constitution, and ob- 
stcucting the lawg of Congress passed in conforzn- 
ity with it, then, and not till then, will this Gov- 
crnmenthavc failed to accomplish the great objects 
of its creation. Then it Will be at an end, and 
all the parties to the compact will be released. 
But I wish to a litt.le farther into the author- 
ities as to the power of a State to secedc from 
the Union, and to quote an opinion of Judge Mar- 
shall, given at a very early day. know it is 
very common to denounce him as a Federalist; 
but care. not where the truth comes from, or 
wherc a sound argument may be found to sustain 
a proposition that is right in itself, I am witling 
to adopt it; and have put myself to the trouble 
to hunt u.p these unquestionable authorities on 
this subject, knowing that they would have. more 
influence before the country, and before my con- 
stit•uents, than anything that I could sav. 'Chouga 
I am not a lawyer, though I have not made thc 
legal proftßsion my study and my pursuit, I claim 
to have some little common sense and understand- 
ing as to the application. of general principles. I 
find that Judge Marshall , in speaking on the ques- 
lion of the right of u State upon its own volition 
to go out of' the Confederacy, in the case of Co- 
hans vs. Vircrinia, said: 
It is very true, that whenever hostility to the existing 
syst.c:n shall become universal' 
That is, the system of our Government— 
it will be also irresistible. The people Inade the Consti- 
tutiou, and the people can untnake it." 
I care not whether he speaks herc of the people 
in the aggregate or not. 'I'he application of the 
principle is just as clear, whether you say thc 
people, through the States, madc the Constitu- 
tion, or leave out the qualifying words through 
the States. 
Lt is the creature of their will, and lives only by their 
But this supremc and irresistiblc power to make and 
unmakc resides only in the whole body of the people ; not 
in any subdivision of them. The attempt of any of the 
parts to exercise it. is usurpation, and ought to be rcpelled 
by thosc to whom the people have delegated their power 
of repelling n. Wheaton's Reports, vol. G, p. 389. 
Now, whether you apply that, in a general 
sense, to the people in the aggregate, or to tbc 
States occupying the same rclaiion to the Fcderal 
Government that the people do t.o the States, the 
principle is just the same; and when you speak of 
States *ratifying and making the Constitution of 
the United States, one State, an ingredient—one 
of the community that madc the Constitution— 
has no right, without the consent of the other 
States, to witlidraw from the compact, and set the 
when it was understood—in the days of Madison 
and Jefferson; ahd this is his opinion upon that 
subject, as far back as 1821. 
In this connection, I '.vould call the attention of 
the Senate to General Jackson 's views upon this 
subject; and I would also •call their attention to 
Mr. Webster's views, if it were necessary, for 
hc is conceded, by some at least, to be one of the 
most able expounders of the Constitution •of the 
United States. General Jackson, though not cel- 
ebrated for his legal attainments, was celebrated 
for his sagacity, his strong common sense, his 
great intuitive power of reaching correct conclu- 
In 
sions, and understanding correct principles. 
1833, General Jackson, in his proclamation, takeS 
identically the same ground; and declares that, 
first, a State has no power of itself to nullify a 
law of Congress within its limits; and next, that 
notwithstanding a State may claim to have se- 
ceded, it has no constitutional power to withdraw 
itself from the Union of the States, and thereby 
set at naught the laws and the Constitution. He 
argues this question forcibly and clearly; and 
comes to the unerring conclusion, according to 
my judgment, that no State has the constitutional 
power to withdraw itself from this Confederacy 
without the consent of the other States; and It 
may do good to reproduce his views on the sub- 
ject. He says, in his famous proclamation, speak- 
ing of the nullification ordinance of South Car- 
olina: 
And whereas the said ordinance prcseribes to the peo- 
ple of South C,arolina course of conduct in direct vio}a- 
tion or their duty as citizens of the United States, contrary 
to laws (it' their country, subversive of its Const.itution, 
and having tör its object the destruction oc the Union— 
that Union which, coeval witlV0!tr political existence, led 
onr iåthers, without any other tics to unite t.hem than those 
of patriotisnw and a coinn•wn cause, through sanguinary 
struggle to a glorious independence—that sacrcdLUnion, 
hitherto inviolate, which, perfected by our happy Consti- 
tnt.ion, has brought us, by the favor of Heaven, to a state 
of prosperity at and high consideration abroad, rarely, 
'l'o preserve 
if ever, equaled in the history of nations. 
this bon(1 political existence frotn 'Icetrnction; to 
this state ot• national honor and pros- 
Inaintnin _invi(llat.e 
aud to justify the confidence Iny 
have reposed in Ine, 1, ANDREW President of the 
United States, havc thought proper to issue this my procla- 
Imation, stating view* of the Constitution and the laws 
applicable to the measures adopted by the convention of 
South Carolina, and to the reasons they have put iörth to 
sustain them, declaring tbc course whicl) duty will require 
mc to ptll•sttc, and, appealing to the understanding and pa- 
triot.is:n of the people, warn thein of the consequences that 
must inevitably reeukt from an observance of the dictates 
of the convention." 
He arcyues thc question at len«th: 
Tili8 right to secede is deduced from the nature ot' the 
Constitution, which, they say, is a coxnpact betwceu sov- 
ereign States, who have preserved their whole sovereignty, 
and therct•ore arc subjcct to nq superior; that because they 
made the compact they can break it when, in their opinion, 
it has been departed froin by the other States. Fallacious 
as this course of reasoning is, it enlist.s State pride, and 
finds advocates in the honest prejudices of those who have 
not studied the nature of our Governrnent sufficiently t') 
see the radical error on which it rests." 
'Phe people of the .(Jnited States fonned the Constitu- 
tion, acting through the State Legislatures in making the 
compact, to meet and discuss its provisions, and acting in 
separate conventions when they ratified those provisions ; 
but t.he terms used in its construction show it to bc a Gov- 
ernmcnt in which the people of all the States collectively 
are repyesented. We arc ONE PEOPLE in the choice of the 
Hence tho States have no 
President and Vice Prcsident. 
other agency than to direct the *node in which tbe vötes 
'I'he candidates having the. tnajority of all 
shall be given. 
the votcs are chosen. The electors of a majority Ots the, 
Statcs may have given their votes for one candidate and 
The people, then, not 
yet another Inay be chosen. 
thc States, are represented in the executive branch." 
The Constitution of the United States, then, fonns a 
Government, not a league; and whether it be lörmed by 
compact between the States, or in any other nntnner, its 
character is the saine. It is a Government in which ail the 
people are represented; which operates directly the 
. they retaincd all 
people individnally, not upon the States— 
the power they did not grant. But each State, having ex- 
pressly parted with so mauy powers as to constitute, jointly 
"'ith the, other States, a single nation, cannot, froni that 
It is the principle that I 
Constitution at naught. 
period, possess au y right to secede ; because sueil 
does not break a ica«ue but destroys the unity of a nation ; 
seek; and the principle applies as well to a cotn- 
and any injury to that unity is not only a breach, which 
munity of States as it docs to a community of in- 
would result froin the contravention ofa conipac.t, but it is 
dividuals. Admitting that this Federal Govern- 
an offensc against the whole Union. To say that any State 
ment was Inade by a communitv Of States' can Inay, at pleasure, seeede Crom the Union, is to say that the 
• because it would bc a 
one of that community of States, of its own will, II United States are nota nat,ion , 
Cisn) to contend that au.v part of a nation might. its 
without the consent of the rest, where thc compact 
connection with the other parts, to their injury ot rt1iH, 
is reciprocal, set it aside, and withdraw itself from 
without. cotilltlittin«r any offénsc. Secession, like any other 
the. parties to that compact-may; whenfieyfeel- themselves. 
avarieved, depart froink.it { -but it•Ns..preé.ßeIy 
a compact that, they cannot... A epmpagtis 
or binding obligåtjon-. It may-byitsAerinS sin-etidr( 
or penalty for its breach, or it ' ilfay rioet. no 
sanction, it may be broken-, with no ottrerzionsequenee -tbari> 
moral guilt-; -if it have a sanction, ;ihsure» 
the designated or implied penalty. A [league *between 
dependent notions, generally. no sanction a: 
moral one ; ör_ifit should •contain a penalty 
common superior, it cannot be enforcedi R Government, 
plied; and, in our cåse, it is both nécesgarily implied and 
expressly given.'- An attempt, by force to deströy 
a Governments is an Offense by whatever' me-åns :rtlie 
stitutional -compact rnay have 
ernment has the right, by the -law of self-defense,-to. -pass, 
acts for punishing the ofei)der, unless-that rightis modifieg, 
restrained, or resumed by the constitutional -act. In aur 
Syste:n, although it-is modified in the ease of treason; yet 
authority is expressly given to pass all laws necessary to 
carry its powers into etibct, and undet this grant, provision 
has been made for punishing acts Which obstnict •the 4ue 
administrat.ion of the laws." 
treats, as we havc seen, on the alleged undivided *over- 
eignty of ihc States, and on their having formed, in *his 
sovereign capacity, a-compact -which is called the Consti- 
tution, fron• which, because they made it, tl)éy hive the 
right to secede. Both of these positions are erroneous,'anå 
so-me ot• the arguments to prove them have been 
eipated. 
The States, severally, have not retained t"liéir. eptire 
It has been *hos-vn that-ili becmning'ptxrt-skif 
sovereignty. 
a nation, not members o? a league, they surrendered many 
of tbcir essential parts of sovereignty.- The right to -make 
treaties, declare war, levy taxes, exercise exclusive judi: 
were all of' them functioris of 
Cial and legislative powere, 
sovereign power. 'I'he States then, for all these, purposes, 
were longer sovereign.• The allégianct of-their citizens 
was transferred, in Ll•e first instance, to Government of 
the United States : thcy• beeune American citizens, and 
owcd obedience to the Constitution of the. United State, 
and to laws Inade in confor:nity with •the' powers it vested 
'I'his last. position bas not been, and ctüi0(it 
in Congress. 
How, then, can that State be said to be sop- 
be, denied. 
ercign and independent whose citizens owe obediencc tp 
laws not Inade by It, and whose magistratcs are swoin to 
disregard tbose•laws when they come in condict with Ibosc 
passed by another? What shows conclusively that thé 
States cannot be said to have reseryed- an, undivided sov- 
ereignty is, that they exprcssly ceded tho right _to punish 
treason, not treason against their separate bower, bt-tt trea- 
sön againsL the United-8tates. Treason offense against 
90 rerei,gnty, and sovereignty reside with the-power-to 
it. But the reserved -rightA of thc States are nnt 
sacred because they have, (Or their connm0*i interest, 
madc the General Govermnent the deihsitory of those 
powers." 
So obvious are the reasons which forbid this secession, 
that it is necessary only to allude. to them. 'l'he Union was 
It was produced by mutual 
formed for the bepefit 01' ail. 
eacrificés of interest and opinions. Can' these sacrifices bb 
recalled? Can the States, who magnanimously surrendered 
thcir title to the territories of the VVcst, recall the grant ? 
Will the inhabitants ot• the inland Stateg agrcc to pay tbc 
duties that. may be imposed without their assent by those 
on the Atlantic or the Gulf for their own benefit? Shall 
there be a free port in one State, and onerous duties in an- 
other? No man believes that. any right exists in a single 
State to involve all the others in these and countless other 
evils, contrary to the cngagement solemnly-made. Every 
one must see that the other self-defense, must 
oppose it at all hazards." 
Having traveled thus far, the question arises, 
in what sense are we to construe the Constitution 
of the United States? assume what is assumed 
in one of Mr. Madison 's letters, that the Consti- 
tution was formed for perpctuity; that it- never 
was intended to be broken up. It was commenced, 
it is true, as an experiment; 'but the fouhders of 
the Constitution intended that- experiment 
should go on and on and on; and by way of mak- 
ing it perpetual, they provided for its amendment. 
They provided that this instrument could be 
amended and improved, from time to time, as the 
changing circumstances, as the changing pursuits, 
as the changing notions of men might require; 
but they made no provision whatever for its de- 
struction. •The old Articles of Confederation were 
formed for the purpose of making " a perpetüal 
In 1787, when the convention concluded 
union. 
their deliberations and adopted the Constitution, 
what do they say in the very preamble of that 
Constitut.ion? Having in their mind the idea that 
was shadowed forth in the old Articles of Confed- 
oration, that the Union was to be perpetual, they 
say, at the commencement, that it is -to make "a 
more perfect union" than the union under the old 
Articles of Confederation , which they called "i per• 
petuai." 
What furthermore do we find? The Constitu- 
tion of the United Stateö contains a provision 
that it is to bo submitted to the States respect? 
ivcly for their ratification; buton nine.States rati- 
I have given 
fiying it, il shall be the Constitution for them.- In 
the operation of the Government? 
revolutionary act, may be inorally justified by the, e.x:run- I 
ity• oppression ; but to call it a riz'ät. is 
vou the opinion of Judge Marshall, one of the 
that way the Government was created;- and in 
most distincruished jurists that C ver presided in confhunding the meaning of and can only bc done 
that way provision was made to.pérfebt iti What 
throw-'ll gross error, or to deceive those who are wiliin« to 
this country, though he is called by some a Fed- 
do find} '*Pe Cbnæ!ion; havo 
assert a right but. would pause before they made rcvtnu- 
eraiist. His n'lind was clear; he lived in that day incurred tlrcWenatt.t€N A lhqtl(é. 
'k Because twe Union was Itiunqd by compact, it is sai'd just femarkci, provi( itsown •a-hWndhiCrit,- 
when the Constitution should be understood, and 
