1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
against the United States? The Constitution de- 
fines and declares what is treason. Let us talk 
about thing* by their right names. i know that 
some hotspur or madcap may declare that these 
are not times for a government of law; that we 
know that Patrick Henry 
are in u revolution. 
once said, if this be treason, make the most of 
If anything can bc treason in tho scope and 
it.' 
purview of the Constitution, is not lovyil')ff '•.vat' 
Is not an at- 
upon the United States treason ? 
Is not an 
tempt to take its propert.v treason ? 
attempt to expel its soldiers treasork? Is not au 
attempt to resist the collection of the revenue, or 
to expel your mails, or to drive your courts from 
her borders, treason? Are not these powers clearly 
conferred in the Constitution on the Federal Gov- 
ctnment to be exercised? What is it, then, I ask 
in the name of thc Constituti01'b in the meaninty 
of the term as there defined? It is treason, and 
nothing but treason; and if one State, upon its 
own volition, can go out of this Confederacy with- 
out regard to the effect it is to have. upon the 
remainino• parties to the compact, what is your 
Government ',vorth? what will it come to? and in 
what will it end? It is no Government at all 
such a construction. 
But it is declared and assumed that, if a State 
secedes, she is no longer a Inembm• of thc Union, 
and that, therefore, the laws and thc Constitution 
of the United States are no operative within 
her limits, and sho iR not guiilty if she violates 
them. This isa matter of opinion. I have tried to 
show, ft•orn the origin of the, Government down to 
the present time, what this doctrine of secession is, 
and there is but one concurring and unerrinccon- 
clusion reached by all the great and distinguished 
men of the country. Madison, who is called the 
Father of the Constitution, denies the doctrine. 
Senate, let me ask the country, if they dare per, 
mit it? Under and in compliance with the great 
lawp ofself-preservation, we dare not let her do it; 
and if she were a sovereign Power to-day, out- 
side of the Confederacy, and was formin«r an alli- 
ance that we deemed inimical to our institutions, 
and the existence of our Government, we should 
have a right to conquer and hold her as a province 
—a term which is so much used with scorn. 
Mr. President, I have referred to the manner in 
which this Government was formed. have re- 
ferred to the provision of the which 
provides for the admission of new States. Now, 
I lot me ask, can any one believe that, in the crea- 
tiou of this Government, its founders intended 
that it should have the power to acquire territory 
and form it into States, and then permit them to 
go out of the Union? Let us take a case. How 
fong has it been since your armies were in Mex- 
ico? How long has it been since your brave men 
were exposed to the diseases, the privations, the 
sufferings, which are incident to a. campaign of 
that kind? How long has it been since they were 
bearing your eagles in a foreign land, many of 
them falling at the point of the bayonet, consigned 
to their long, narrow home, with no winding-shcet 
but their blankets saturated with their blood ? 
How many victories did they win? how many 
laurels did they acquire? how many trophies did 
they bring back? T lie country is full of thcm. 
MT hat did it cost you? One hundred and twenty 
million dollars. What did you pay for the coun- 
try you acquired, besides? Fifteen million dol- 
lars. Peace was made; territory was acquired; 
and, in a few years, from that territory California 
erected herself into free and indcpendent States 
and, under the provisions of the Constitution, we 
admitted her as a member of this Confederacy. 
Washington, who was the Father of his Country, I After having expended $120,000,000 in the war; 
after having lost naany of our bravest and most 
denies tho doctrine. Jefferson, Jackson, Clay, 
and Webster, all deny the doctrine; and yet all gallant men; after having paid to Mex- 
at once it is discovered and ascertained that a i icoforthe territory,' and admiucd it into the Union 
as a State, now that the people of California have 
S!at.e, of its.own volition. can go out of this Con- 
federacy, without regard to consequences, without got into the Coniu.lcracy and can stand alone, 
regard 10 the injury and woe that may be inflicted according to this modern doctrine, your Govern- 
ment was just made to let them in, and then to let 
on the remaining members from the act! 
Suppose this doctrine to be true, Mr. President, 
that a State can withdraw frorn this Confederacy; 
aud suppose South Carolina has seceded, and is 
i.n what an attitude 
now out of the Confederacy: 
does she place herself? There might. be circum- 
stances under which the States ratifying the com- 
pact might tolerate the secession ot• a State, she 
But there 
taking the consequences of the act. 
might be ot.her circumstances under which the 
States could not allow one to secede. Why do i 
say so? Some suppose—and it is a well-founded 
supposition—that by the secession ofa State alk 
the remaining States might be involvcd in disas- 
trous consequences; they might be involved in 
war; and by the secession of one State, the ex- 
Ls not the conclusion illogical ? 
them step out. 
Is it not absurd to say that., now that Califtn•nia 
is in, she, on her own volition—without regai•d to 
the consideration paid for her; without regard to 
thc policy which dictated her acquisition the 
United Slates—can walk out and bid you defiance? 
Is it not an absurdity, if you take the reason and 
object of Government ? 
But we need not stop here; let us go to Texas. 
Texas was engaged in a revolution with M.exico. 
She succeeded in tbc assertion and establishment 
of hcr ilidcpcndence•, and she became a sovereign 
and independent Power outside of this Union. 
She applied for admission, and she was admitted 
into this family of States. After she was in, she 
was oppressed by the debts of her war which 
istence of the remaining States might he involved. 
Then, without regard to the Constitution, dare the i resuitcd in her separation from Mexico; she •wras 
other States permit one to secede when it endan- harassed by the Indians her border; and in 
gers and involves ail the remaining States? The 1850, by way of relief to rexas,what did we do? 
question arises in this connection, whether the I There was an extent of territory that lies north, 
if my melnory serves me ri«yht•,- embracing what 
States are in a condition to tolerate or will toler- 
ate the secession of South Carolina. That is a is now called the Territory of -New Mexico. 
matter to be determined by the circumstances; Texas had it 110t in her power to protect the citi- 
It was a dead limb, para- 
that isarnatterto be determined by thccmcrgency; zens that were there. 
that is a matter to be determined whcn it comes 
up. It is a question which must be left open to 
be determined by t.he surrounding circumstances, 
when the occasion ariscs. 
But conceding, for argument's sake, the doc- 
trine of secession, and admitting that the State 
of South Carolina is now upon your coast, a for- 
Pos.ver, absolved from all connection with 
the Federal Government, out of the Union: what 
then? There was a doctrine inculcated in 1823, 
bv Mr. Monroe, that this Government, keeping 
in view the safety of the people and the existence 
of our institutions, would permit no European 
Power to plant any more colonies on this conti- I 
nent. Now, suppose that South Carolina is out- 
side of the Confederacy, and this Government is 
in posso.ssion of the fact that she is formin(T an 
cl\iance with a foreign Power—with France, with 
England, with Russia, with Austria, or with all 
lyzed, lifeless. The Federal Government came 
along asa kind physician , saying, " We will take 
this dead limb from your body, and vitalize it, 
by giving protection to the people, and incorpo- 
rating it into a territorial government:- and in ad- 
dition to that, we will give you $10,000,000, and 
you may retain your own public lands;" and the 
other States were taxed in common to pay the 
$10,000,000. Now, after all this is done, 'Ilexas, 
forsooth, upon her own volition, is to say, "l 
will walk out of 'this Union Were there no 
other parties to that compact? We are told the 
compact. is reciprocal. Did ••.ve take in California, 
did take in Texas, just to benefit them? No; 
but to add to this great family Of States; and it is 
apparent, from the fact of their comin«y in, that 
the cornpact is reciprocal ; and having entered into 
the compact, they have no right to withdraw 
without the conscnt of tbc remaining States. 
Again: take the case of Louisiana. What did 
of 'Lho principal Powers of Europe; 'hat there is 
to be a great naval station established there; an we pay for hm• in 1803, and for what was she 
rcndezvous for their army, with a view wanted? Just to get Louisiana into-the Con.Ced- 
Was it not to securer Jhe free navigation. of: the 
Mississippi river, the mouth Of w:bac»: was, 
in po.ssession ofFrance, Shor.tlj/ béfoi:c of:Späio; 
passing abOut between thosé twot Pöwer$? Y.éß, 
the navigation of that river was wanted. Simely 
for Louisiana? No,. but for all the StatéS. t he• 
Un ited States paid ånd France passpW 
the country to the United St'ates. It remunedin. 
a territorial condition for a while,.suståinQd •and 
protected by the strong arm of the Fedefal Go•VY 
erment. We acquired' the territory and the :nåvi; 
gätion of the river; and the money 
the benefit of all the States, and not of Louisia-nw 
exclusively. And now that; this -great v,ålley is 
filled up; now that the navigation (if' the.- Missis-, 
sippi is one hundred times more important than it 
was then; now, after the United States have paid 
the money, haOe acquired the title to Louisiana, 
and haoe iocorpora_ted her into thc Confederacy, 
it is proposed .that she shall go Out of the Union,! 
In 1815, when her shores were invaded;mwhen 
her city was about- to be sacked; when her booty 
and her beauty were about to fall a prey to British 
aggression, the brave men of Tennessee, and -of 
Kentucky, and o? the surrounding States, rushed 
into her borders and upon her shores, and -under 
the lead of their own gallant JackSon, drove the 
invading forces away. And now, after all this; 
aftOr the money has been paid; after the free nav- 
icration of the river has been.obtained—not form the 
benefit of Louisiana alone, but for her in common 
with all the Stales—Louisiana says to the olher 
States, 6' We will go out of this Confederacy; we 
do not cute if you did fwbt our battles; we do 
not care you did acquire the free navigation of- 
this river frorn France; we will go out if think 
proper, and constitute ourselves an independent 
Power, and bid defiance to the other States." It. 
is an absurdity; it is illogi- 
cap, it is not deducible from thestyucture ofdie 
Governmcnt itself. 
Mr. SLl DELL. Will. the Senator permit me 
to make a single rema*k-? 
Mr. JOHNSONÄ, The Spnator 
knows how I wåö intcfrnpted.yeslerday. 
Mr. SLIDELL, 1 wish to say to the 
Senator that I donot know a citizen of any south- 
western State bordering on the Mississippi who 
does not acknowledge the propriety and necessity 
of extending to every citizen of the country whose 
streams flow into the Mississippi the free navi- 
Ration of the river and the free interchange of 
Of the agricultural products of tbe valley of the 
Mississippi. Such a course is dictated. not only 
by every consideration of justice, but by the rec- 
o ized and well-understood interests of the south- 
western States. On this point, I can speak with 
entire confidence of the sentiment of Louisiana. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. That may all 
be very true; and I do not suppose that, at this 
moment, there is a citizen in the State of Louisi- 
ana who would think of obstructing the free nav- 
igation of the river; but are not nations_controlled 
by their interests in varying circumstances? -It 
strikes mg so; and hereafter, when a conflict of 
interest arises; when diffculty may rspring_ up 
between two separate Powers, Louisiana, having 
the control of the mouth of Lhe river, might feel 
disposed to tax our citizens going down there. 
It is a power that i am not willing to concede to 
be exercised at the discretion of any authority 
outside of this Government. The Senator's as- 
surance does not amount to anything. It depends 
entirely on the interest and condition. of the sur- 
rounding country as to what power Louisiana 
would want to exercise in reference to that river. 
So sensitive have been the people of my State 
upon the free navigation of that river,xthat as far 
back as 1796, now sixty-four years agos in their 
bill of rights, beforc they passed under the juris- 
diction of the United States, they declared: 
That an equal participation of the free navigation of 
the Mississippi is one of thc inherent rights of tbe citizens 
of' this State : it cannot, therefore, he conceded to any 
prince, potentate, Power, person, or persons whatever." 
This shows the estimate that the people fixed 
on this stream sixty-four years acro; and novyr we 
are told, if Louisiana does go out, it is her 
intention at this time to tax the people above. 
Who can tell what may be thc ii)tenti01) of Lou- 
rights of our citizens, arn we willi_ng to- place the 
travel and commerce of our citizens, at the dis- 
crucy? Just for the benefit of that particular 'i 
to ulterior objects, with u view of making ad- 
vanccs upon the restof these States: let me ask the locality? Was not the mighty Wesl looked to? i cretion of any Power of this Government? 
