i38 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 19, 
r Wilt: -not; I do not carc whether the Other. Powers 
be in Louisiåna o"t' the moon. 
But, then, as we go on,llet us follow the circle, 
and see where -this doctrine will carry us. How 
long has it been since Florida lay out on. our coast 
anannoyance touS? And now she has got entitcly 
féverish about*beinff an independent and separate 
Government," while:she has not. aSmany qualified 
Voters as there -are-in one concressionalE. district. 
What condition did Florida occupyin 1811? Sho 
stöOd-in the possession of' Spain. What did the 
United" States thihl' about having adjacent terri- 
tory outside of then: jurisdiction? .Let us turn 
to the güthorities, and see what proposition they 
iver6 willing to act upon. I find, in the statutes 
of the United States, this joint resolution: 
Taking into view thc peculiar situation of Spain, and 
of her- American provinces, and considering the influence 
which the destiny o? the territory adjoining thc southern 
border of the United States may have upon their security, 
tranquillity, and cotnmerce.• 'I'hcrefore, 
' 'Resoåved by the Senate aud House of Representatives qf 
thc United States of wamerica in Congress a»emblcd, 'I'hat 
tbc United States;under the peculiar circumstances ot' the 
existing crisis, cannot, without serious inquietude, see any 
part of the said territory pass into the hands of any foreign 
I'dwcr; and that a due regard to safety compels 
thenl to provide, undcr certain contingencies, for thc tem- 
porary occupation of the said -territory. They, at the saine 
tinie, declare that the said territory shall, in thcir hands, 
remain subject to (uture negotiation." 
What principle is "t forth there? Florida was 
in the posscssion 'of Spain.. English spies were 
harbored -in het territory. Spain was inimical to 
the United States; and In view of thc grcat prin- 
ciplc of self-preservation, the Congress of the 
Unitcd States passed a resolution declaring that 
if Spain attempted to transfer Florida into the 
hands of any other Power, the United States 
would ta kc possession of' it. Yet Congress were 
m•acious and condesccrlding enough to say that it 
Bhould remain open to future negotiation. 
r i'hat 
is to say, Hereafter, if we can mako a negotiation 
that will suit us, we will make it; 
if we do not, 
we will keep the territory;" that is all. "l'here 
was the territory lying upon our border, outside 
of the jurisdiction of the United Statcs; and we 
declared, by ah act of Congress, that no foreign 
Power should possess it. 
MT e wen tstill further and appropriated $100,000, 
authorized the President to enter and take 
of it with the means placed in his 
lands.- Afterwards, wo did nccotiatc with Spain, 
tind gave for • the rerritory; and we 
established territorial government for it. What 
Jlext? We undertook to drive out the Seminole 
IndianS,and we had a war in which this Govern- 
ment lost more than it lost in all the other wars 
it was engaged in; and we paid the sum of 
to get the Seminoles out of the 
swamps, so that the Territory could he inhabited 
by white men. We paid for it, we took posses- 
Sion of it; and I remember, when I was in the 
other House, and Florida was knocking at the 
door for admission, how extremely anxious her 
then able Delegate w'as to be adrnitted. Hc now 
sits before me, [Mr. YULEE. 1 
I remember how 
important he thought it was then to come under 
the protecting wing of the United Statcs as 
of the stars of our Confederacy. But now tho 
'l'erritory is paid for, England is driven out, 
$25,000,000 have bcen expended; und they watu 
longer the protection of this G-ovcrnment, but 
will go out without consulting the other States, 
withoutreference to lhe effect upon the remaining 
parties to the compact. Where will she go? Will 
she attach herself to Spain again? Will' she pass 
back- under the jurisdiction of the Seminoles? 
After having been nurtured and protected and 
fostered hy ail these States, now, without regard 
to them, is she to be allowed, at her own volition 
to withdraw from the Union? I say she has no 
constitutional right to do it; and when she does it, , 
it is an act of 
If she succeeds, it will 
only be a. succcssful revolution. 
If' she docs not 
succeed, she -must take the penalties and terrors 
of thc lav.,r. 
What is-Kansas now? Is she a Statc„or-is She, 
Territory? Does she revert back to her terri- 
torial condition of pupilage? Or, having been a 
State; and having applied tot' admission and been 
refused, is she standing out a State? You hold her 
as a territory; you hold her as a province. You 
prescribe the mode of e}écting the members of her 
Legislature; and pay them out of your own Treas- 
ury. . Y.es, she is a province controlled by Fed- 
eral authority, and hot' laws arc made in conform• 
Is she not Tcr- 
ity With the acts of Congress. 
ritory? I think she is. 
Suppose the State of California withdraws from 
the Union. We admitted her. She was territory 
acquired by the United States, by our blood and 
our treasure. Now, suppose she withdraws from 
the Confederacy: does she pass back into a terri- 
torial condition, remain a dependency upon the 
Federal Government, or does shc stand out as a 
separate government? Let me tnkc Louisiana, 
for which we paid $15,000,000. That was a Ter- 
ritory for a number of years—yes, a province. It 
is only another name fora province. It is a pos- 
session held under the jurisdiction of the Unitcd 
States. W c admitted Louisiana into thc Union 
as a State. Supposc wc had refused to admit her: 
would she not sf.i]l have remained a Territory ? 
Would she not have remai»cd under the protec- 
tion of the United States? But now, if shc has 
the power to •writhdraw from the Union, does she 
not pass back into the condition in which shc was 
before wo admitted her into the Union? In what 
condition does she place herself? When thosc 
States which were at first Territories cease their 
connection with this Government, do they pass 
back into thc territorial condition ? When Florida 
is out, when Louisiana is going out, and 
these other States that wcrc originally Territorics 
go out of thc Union, in what condition do they 
place tltemselves? Are they Territories or States? 
Are they merely on probation to members 
this Confederacy, or are they States outside of 
the Confederacy ? 
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator allow me to 
ask a bingle question in this conticction ? 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
I hope the 
Senator will not interrupt me. 
I do not refuse 
out of any discourtesy. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Let him alone. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
Remarks of 
that kind never affect mc in tl'20 slightest degrcc•, 
ncvcr hear them. But; Mr. Prc.sident, I havc re- 
ferred to the acts of Congress for acquiring Florida 
as setting forth a principle. Let me read another 
of those acts: 
An act to enable the President of the Unit.ed States, t.tndcr 
certain contingencies, to take possession of' t.he countxv 
lying east of tuc river l'erdido, and south of the Statc df 
Georgia and the Mississippi 'l'en•itory, and Cor other pur- 
poses. 
Be it enacted b?} tic Senatc and Ilouse o.f -Representatives 
of the Uhit.cd Statis of d? mcrica in Con gress assetnh'ed., ' Phat 
tbc President of t.he United States be, and he is hereby, 
authorized to take possession of aud occupy all or any part 
of the territory lying east of the river I'c.rdido, and south 
of the Stutc of Georgia and the hlississippi 'I'erritory. in 
c;kC_ an arrangclnenl. has been or shall be Inade wil.h Lho 
loc;il authorities of the said territorv the deliverin!2 
np thc possession ot- thc same or any part thereof to t.bé 
United States or in thc event of an at.tcnnpt to occupy the 
said territory or any part. thereof by any törcign Govern- 
ment; and he Inay, lör tllC purr)ose of taking possession 
and occupyin!Å the territory atörcsaid, in order t.o Inaintain 
therein the authority of t.he United States, ornploy any part 
of' the Artn.v and Navy of the United Statcs which hc lilay 
deern necessary." 
What is the principle avowed here ? That from 
the geographical relations of this territory to the 
United States, from its importance to the safety 
and security of the institutions ofthc Uni ted States, 
wc authorized the President to expend $100,000 
to get a foothold there, and especially to take pos- 
of it. if it wore likely to pass to any foreiTn 
Power. W c sec thc doctrine, and principle there 
established and acted upon by out G-ovcrnmcnt. 
This was again avowed by distinguished 
Inen at Ostend. A paper v.ras drawn up there by 
Mr. Buchanan, Soulé of Louisiana, and Mr. 
Mason of Virginia, our ministers to the three 
, there is another question that sugcrests 
itself in this connection. Kansas, dm•ing last principal in Europe. They met at Ostend I 
and drew up a paper in which they laid down 
Congress, applicd för admission into this Union. 
She assumed to be a State, and thc difficulty in 
the wav xvas a provision in her constitution, and 
the manner of its adoption. We did not let Kan- 
sas in. We did not question her being a State; 
but on account of the xnanner of forming hct• con- 
stitution and its provisions, we kept Kansas out. 
certain doctrines in strict conformity with the apt 
of Congress that I have just read. They say in 
that paper, signed by James Buchanan, J. Y. 
Mason, and Pierre Soulö: 
Then, _t. It inust be clear to r•vcrv reflecting Inind, 
that, froni the peculiarity of its geozraphteal position, 
and 
the considerations attendant on it, Cuba is as necessary to 
I tbc North American Republic as any o? its present rnem- 
bet'S, and that it belongs, naturally, to that great family of 
States of *'bich the Union is the providential ntu•sery. 
" Frcnn its iocaiity it commands the Inouth of the Mis- 
sissippi, and the. in_nne.nse, and annually increasina trade 
"'hicll must seek Chis ktvenuc to the ocean. 
the ntnnerotl* navigabte strearns, 'neasurincr an ag- 
gregate course of solne thirty thousand miles, which dis- 
embogue -themselves throu"b this magnificent river into the 
Gulf of' Mc.xico, the increase of the population within the 
last. ten years amounts to more than that ofthe entire Union 
at the t.imc Louisiana- was annexed to it. 
The natural and- inain outiet to the products of this 
entire population, the highway of their dircct intercourse 
with the Atlantic and Pacific States, can never be secure, 
but must ever bc endangered while Cuba is a d'.•pendency 
of a distant. Power in whose possession it has proved to be 
a source of constant annoyance and embarrassrnent to their 
interests." 
The system of immigration and labor lately organized 
within its limits, and tbc tyranny and oppression which 
characterize its immediate rulers, threaten an insurrection 
at any moment which may result in direful consequences 
to the American people. 
Cuba has thus become to us an unceasing danger, and a 
permanent cause of anxiety and alarm." 
•k 
•k 
Self-preservation is the first law of nature, with-States 
as wcll as with individuals. All nations have, at 
periods, acted upon this maxim. Although it has been 
bcen made thc pretext for committing flagrant injustice, as 
in the partition of Poland, and other similar cases which 
history records, yet the principle itself, though often abused, 
Our 
has a! ways recotrnizcd. 
past histor•.' forbids that we should acquire the Island of 
Cuba without the consent of Spain, unless justified by the 
great law or seliZpreserva1ion. We- must, in any event, 
preserve our own conscious rectitude, and our own sclf- 
respect. 
Mark you, we are never to acquire Cuba unless 
it is necessary to our self-preservation: 
While pursuing this eourse we can afford to disregard 
thc censures of thc world, to which we, have becn so often 
and so unjustly exposed. 
After shalt have offered Spain a price for Cuba far 
beyond its present value, and this shall lit,ve been refuged, 
it witl then bc titne to consider the quest.ion does C-nba, in 
the possession of Spain, seriously endanger our internal 
peace and the existence of our cherished Union ? 
Should this question be answered in tbc affirmative, 
thr.n, by every law, and divine, we shall be justified 
in-wresting it frorn Spa in if we possess the power ; and this 
upon very principle that .woul(l justdt'y an individ- 
in trariu•-' down thc burning housc of his nciahbor. if 
there Nvcre other rneans 'of prcveuting the flmnes frum 
destroying his own home." 
Now, this is all pretty sound doctrine. 
I am 
for all of it. 
" such we ought neither to count the 
cost nor regard tho odds x.vhieh Spain might enlist. atsainst. 
We t.o enter into question, whcthc-r the 
present. condifion of the island would justify SUCh a Bleas-. 
Ire? VVe should, however. be recreant. to our duty. be 
worthy of our •ruilant. and connnit hase 
azainst our posterity, shonld we permit to hc Afri- 
canizcd and a second St. J)omingo, iVith all its at- 
tchdant horrors to white ritCC, and suffer the flatnc.s 
extend to our 01vn nei«hboring shore. seriously to 
or actual'y to consume the, fair fabric of our Union. '-' 
-w c find in this document, signed by our three 
ministers, and approved by the American people, 
the doctrine laid down clearly that if the Un 
States believed that, Cuba was to be transferred 
by Spain to England or to France, or to 
other Power inhnicai to thc United States, tho 
safety of the A merican pcoplc, tbc sate of 
institutions, the ex.ist,cnce of tbc Governmen t. , 
beinst imperiled, we should have a right, wilhout. 
regard to or blood, to acquire it.. 
does this carry us? we find that 
doctrine was not only laid down, but practiced, 
in the casc of Florida. Suppose Louisiai'K1 was 
now out of the Confederacy, holding the key to 
the Gulf, the outlet to the commerce of the great 
West: under the doctrine laid down by those 
niinisters, and practiced by the Conaress of the 
United States, would not •this Govern nwnt have 
the right, in obedience to the great principle of 
self-preservation, and for the safety of our insti- 
t.ut.ions, to seize it and pass it under the jurisdic- 
tion of thc United States, and hold it asa province 
subject to the laws of the United States? I say 
it would. The same prmciple applied to Flor- 
ida. The same principle would apply to South 
Carolina. 1 regret that she occupies the position 
that shc has assumed, but I accruing a prin- 
ciple, and do not refer to her out of any disrespect. 
If South Carolina were outsidc of the Confeder- 
acy, an independent Power, no connection 
with the United States, and our institutions were 
likely to be endangered, and thc existence of the 
Government imperiled by her remaininff a sepa- 
rate. and independent Power, or by her forming 
associations and alliances with some foreign Power 
that would injure our free institutions, [ sav we 
should havc a right, on the principle laid down 
by Mr. Mason, MI'. Buchanan, and Mr. Soule, 
