CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December- 19, 
Government Avas convcrted into-hostile Powers, 
andi you made the line between the slaveholdin• 
and States the line of division. 
Then, what remedy do we get for the institution 
Must we keep up a standing army ? 
Must we kccp •:upTorts bristling with arms along 
the whole border? -This 'is a question to be con- 
sidei•ed, one that involves the future; and no step 
ghouldÄBe'. taken- Without matåre reflection. Be: 
fore this Uniori is dissolved and broken np, we in 
Tennessee, as one oCthe stave States, want to bc 
consulted ; -lwe want to know .what protection we 
are to •have; whether we are simply to be made 
outpösts and- guards -to ,proteet, the property of 
others, at the same time that we sacrifice and lose 
our own. We want to this question. 
Again: if there is one division of' the States, 
will there not be more than one? I heard a Sen- 
atot say the other day that he would rather see 
this Government separated into th irty-tln•ee frac- 
tionnl parts than to see it consolidated; but when 
you once begin to divide, when the first division 
made, who can tell when the next will be made ? 
When these States are all turned looseb and a dif- 
ferent condition of things is presented, with com- 
plex and abstruse interests to be qnnsidered arid 
weighed and understood, •what combinations may 
I am opposed to the 
take place no onc can tell. 
consolidation of Goverrn-ncnt, and I am as much 
for the reserved rights of States as any one; but, 
ra.ther than sec this Union divided into thirty- 
three petty Governments, with a little prince in 
one, a potentate in auother, a little aristocracy in 
a third, a iittle democracy in a fourth, and a rc- 
public. -somewhere else; a citizen not being able 
to pass from xjne Statc to anotht,'i• without a pass- 
port or from his Government; wit.h 
quarreling and warring amon«st thc little petty 
Powers, which would r7sult in anarchy", I would 
rather see this Government to-day—I proclaim 
it herc in my place—convert.ed into a consolidated 
Government. 
It would be better tho A 
can people 
3t would be better for our kind; it 
would bc better for humanity; better fbr Chris- 
tianity; bettor for all that tends to elevate and pn- 
noblc tnan, than breaking up this this 
magnificent, this stupendous fabric of human 
government, the most perfect that the world ever 
saw, and which has succeeded thus far without a 
parallel in the history-of the world. 
When you come to break up und turn loose the 
diiherent elements, there is no telling what com- 
binations may take place in the future. 
It may 
occur, for instance, to the middle States that. they 
will not get so good a Government by going a 
little further south as by remaining where we arc. 
It, may occur to North Carolina, to Tennessee, to 
Kentucky , to Virginia, to Maryland , to Missou ri— 
and perhaps Illinois- might fall in, too—that, by 
erecting themselves into a central, 
independent 
„ disconnected either with the North or 
the South, 
they could stand as a peace-maker— 
could stand as a Treat breakwater, resisting the 
heated and sn rging waves of' the South, and 
fal')aticai abolitionism of the North. 
think that they could stand there and lift them- 
selves up above the extremes, with thc sin- 
cere- hope that the lime would arrive when the 
extremes would come together, and reunite once 
more, and wc could reconstruct this greatest and 
best Government the world I-las ever seen. Ot• it 
might so turn out, our institution of slavery beino- 
exposed upon the i')orthern line, that by lookil'1g 
to Pennsylvania, to- New York, and to son-w of 
the other States, instead of having then) as hos- 
tile Powers upon our frontiers, they might come 
to this central republic, and give us such consti- 
tutional guarantees, and such assurances that they 
would be executed, that it might be to our inter- 
est to form an alliance with them, and have apro- 
tection on our frontier. 
1 throw these outas considerations. There will be 
various projects and various combinations made. 
Memphis is now connected with Norfolk, in thc 
Old Dominion; Memphis is connected with Balti- 
more within two days. Herc is a coast that lets 
us out to the commerce, of the world. When Vere 
look around in the four States of Tennessee, Ken- 
tuck y, Virginia, and Maryland, there are Illings 
about which our memories, otu• attachments, and 
our associations lingcr with pride and with pleas- 
ure. Go down into the Old Dominion; there is 
the place where, in 1781, Cornwallis surrendered 
his sword •to the immortal Washington. In the 
bosom •of her soil ate deposited her greatest and 
best sons. Move along in -that trail, and there wpe 
find Jefferson and Madison and Monroe, and a 
long list of worthies. 
We come next to old North Carolina, my na- 
tive State, God bless bcr! She is my mot.her. 
Though she was not my cherishing mother, to 
use the language of the classics, she is the mother 
whom I love, ånd I cling to her with undying af- 
fectiön, as a son should cling to an affectionate 
rnother. We find Mecklen, who was associated 
with our early history, deposited in her soil. Go 
to King's Mountain, on her borders, and you there 
find place on which tlic battle was fought that 
turned- the tide of the Revolution. Yes, within 
her borders the signal battle was fought that turned 
the tidc which resulted in the surrender of Corn- 
wallis at Yorktown, in t'l'le Old Dominion. 
Tra vel on a little rtl-u-n•, and we get back to Ten- 
nessee. I shall be as modest as I can m reference 
to her, but she hag some associations that rnake 
her dear to the people of the United States. 
Tennessee we have our own illustrious Jackson. 
'There he sleeps—that Jackson W'ho issued his 
proclamation in 1833, arid saved this Government. 
We have our Polk and our Grundy, and a lonff 
list of others who are worthy of 
And who lie in Kentucky? Your Hardings, 
your Bnons, your Roancs, your Clays, are. amon«r 
the dead; your CRITTENDEN among the living. 
A ll are identified and associated with the history 
of the country. 
Maryland has her Carroll of "Carrollton, and a 
long list of worthies, who are embalmed in the 
hearts of the American people. And you are 
talking about breaking np this Republic, with this 
cluster of associations, these ties of affection, 
around you. May we i')0t expect that some means 
Inn y be devised by which they can be preserved 
tocycthet• ? 
Here, too, in the center of the Republic, is the 
seatofGovernment, which was founded by Wash. 
ington, and bears his irnmortal nmne. Who dare 
appronriate it. exclusively ? 
It is within the bor- 
ders of' the States I ho, ve cnutnera ted , 
in whose 
limits are found the graves of Washington, of 
Jackson, of Polk, ot• Clay. From theilk is it sap- 
posed that we x.v•ill bc torn awav? No, sir; 
will cherish these endearing associa tions with the 
hope, if this Rc:ljublic shall 
he, broken, 
t llat wc 
may speak words -of. peace and reconciliation to 
a distracted, a divided, rnay add, a maddened 
pooplQ. Angry waves may be lashed into fury 
on Lhc•one hand; on the' other .b]ustering winds 
may rage; but we stand immovable upon our 
basis, as on our own native mountains—present- 
ing their craggy btows, thcii• unexplored caverns, 
their surnmits " rock-ribbed and as ancient as the 
"—we stand peace, association, and 
sun 
concert, to a distracied Republic. 
Bat, Mr. President, will it not be well Ijcfore 
we break up this great Government, to inquire 
w bat kind of n governrnent this new govern tnent 
in t 110 South is to be, with which we are threatened 
unless we involve our destinies with this rash and 
precipitate movement. What intimation is there 
in refcrence to its character? Before m-y State 
and those States of which [ I-lave been speaking, 
go into southern or northern confederacy, ought 
they not to have some 
idea of the kind of gov- 
ernrnent that is to be forrned? What are the in- 
timat,ions in the South, 
in reference to the form- 
ation of a new• o•overnment? 'I'he of 
sorne speakers is that they want a southern "ov- 
errunent oblit_erating all State lines—a government 
of consolidation. 
It is alarming and distressing 
to entertain the. proposition here. What ruin 
arid disaster would follow, if we are to have a 
consolidated governtnent here! But the idea is 
afloat and current in the South that a southern 
government is to be established, in the languacre 
of some of the speakers in the State of Georgia, 
" obliterating all State lines;" and is that the kind 
of entertainment to which the people are to bc 
invited? Is that the kind of govcrnment under 
which we are to pass; and are we to be forced to 
emancipate our slaves a i)less we go into it? An- 
other suggestion in refin•ence to a sou thorn '"overn- 
ment is, that we shall have a southern confederacy 
of great strength a nd power, with a constitutional 
provision preventing anv State from changinø its 
domestic institutions wiihot_lt the consent three 
fourths, or son-le :xreat nutnber to be fixed upon. 
1B that the kihd of government under which we 
want to pass? 1 avow here, that so fat as [ am 
concerned, I will never enter, with my consent, 
any government, North or South, less 
can, less denjocratic, than the oroe under which 
We now live. 
Where are We drifting? What kind of breakers 
are ahead? Have we a glimpse through the i 
that -develops the rock on w l)ieh 
the vessel of 
State is df•iftincr? Should we not considor 
tureiy, in giving up this old what 
kind of government is to succeed it? Ooehr, we 
not to have time to think? At•e we not entitled 
to respect, and consideration? In one of' the iead- 
ino• GeorTia papers we find some queer suarY\ s- 
tions; arid, as the miners would say, these ni.ny 
be considered as merc surface-indications, that 
develop what is below. -we ought to know the 
kind of government that is to bc established. 
When we read the allusions made various 
papers, and by various speakers, we find that 
there is one party who arp willing to give up this 
form of government; to change its character; and, 
in fact, to pass under a monarchical fi)rm of gov- 
hope that uny fricn•d will read - the 
ernrnent. 
I extracts which will hand him. 
Mr. LATHAM read the following extracts: 
If the Federal system isa faäu!e, the question mav well 
bc asked, is not the •republican system cz.fai.lurc? Very 
many wise. thinking men, say so. We forrned the 
Governrnent because the separate States, if was thought., 
were not strong enough to stand alone, and because they 
were likely to provc disadvatltaaeous, if dangerous 
each to the other, in their distinct organization, and with 
their varyinrr interests. When we break up, will the dis- 
advantages arid dangers of separate States be such as to 
require the i"onuatinn o? a new confederacy of those which 
are,.at present, supposed to bc hotnogcneons? we do 
a new coni@deracy, when the, old it would 
seem to be neither toisc, prudent, nor statesmanlike to frame 
it aJtcr the pattern of' t,lbe old. New sat'eguards and guar- 
antees must necessåri*y bc reqnired, and none but a heed- 
less maniac would seek to avoid lookingthis Inatter square- 
ly in the face. 
[t is true that we rnight inake. a constitution for the fif- 
teen southern States, which •.vould secure the rights of' all, 
('t present, , fronn harm, or, at. least, whicå) svonid require a 
clear ciolation of its letter, so plainly that the world could 
discern it, when' uneonst itutional action was ntated. 
But then, in the course of years, as rnen changed, tirnes 
chanzcd, interests changed, bnsiness chant-zed, product iong 
changed, a violation of the spirit Inigbt occur, which would 
It niåy be said that 
not be clearly a violati01F or the letter. 
Lljc constitution I'light provide {Or its own as times 
changed. M,re.ll, that wag the design when ottr Con- 
stitution was törtned. and, still, we say, it was a failure. 
How Inore could a new' one be arranged? Alen 
w•ill say that 'uve or the South are one, and that wc Shail get 
along well euough. B nt they who say it know neither his- 
tory nor Innn;tn naturc. 
When tuc Union wa:: formed, 
twelve of the thiueen States were slaveholding ; and if the 
cotton gin had not been invented there wou.ld hot. probably 
to-day have been an African slave in North Amorica. 
But 1101•v about the State organizations? 'I'his is an 
itnportant consideration, tör whether we colisult with the 
other southern States or not, it certain that encli State 
must aet ror itselfl, in the first. instance. 
VVben any State 
goes out or the present Federal Union, it then becomes a 
foreign Power as to all the other States, as woll as to the 
world. Whether it will nnite again with any of' the States 
or stand alone, is for it to determine. 
'_t'ne new 
then be ruade by t.t10*e States which desire it— 
acy must 
and i; Georgia, or any other State, does not find the prn- 
posed tern-is of federation acreeable, she can niaänt.ain her 
own separate fonn of governlnent-, or at. least try it. Well 
what fOrn-i ot' govennneut. shall we have? is rnore 
easily asked Nian answered. 
" Some of the wisest and best citizens propose a HERED- 
ITARY CONSTITUTIONAI.MONARCHY ; but. however good that 
rnay he in itself, the tnost ilnportant point. to discover is 
whether or not the people are prepared for it. It is thought, 
by ot.hcrs, that we shall be able to ao on for a gener- 
ation or two, in a new confederacy, '.vitb additiqnal sa{ö- 
guards ; sucft, Ibr instance, as an life, a 
rcstrictcd suffrage, Senators elected for life, or fö-T a long 
period, say years, and the 
nnost popu"ar branch 
of the elected for seven years, the judiciary abso- 
lutely independent, and for 
life, or good behavior. 
frequ ency of elections, and the universality ofsuffrage, with 
the attendant arou>ing of the people's passions, alid the 
necessary sequence ot•• demaaoanes being elevate•d to high 
station, {ire thouglll by many to be the great causes of trouble 
among us. 
We throw out these Sü«gestions that thc peoplc may 
think o? them, and aet as their interests require. Our own 
opinion is that the South mialtt be the greatest nation on 
the earth, and {'light lililintain, on basis of African 
slavery, not ouly a splendid Goverr.njent. but a secure re- 
publican Government. But stilt our fears arc that through 
anarchy tec shall reach the despotism Q/' military chieftaiis, 
and finally bc raised again to a " — .Æugusta 
( Georgia j Chronicle and Sentinel, of December 8, 1860. 
[From the Coh1D)bus (Georgia) Times.) 
LET CS REASON a hunil)le i'hdi- 
vidual to lay before voua thoughts that are burnt into 
hoart or hearts by their very truth. 
'l*he first great thought this: '-Phe iik=t.itntion known 
• i"ederal Government.' est:tbi by people ot• 
United States of' America, is afaihtre. 
{I'llis is a fact 
whicli cannot be gainsayed. It has •n.evcr been in the power 
of the ' Federal Government' to cnforce ali its own laws 
