1860. 
THE. CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE. 
141 
within its own territory; it has, therefore, been measurably 
faiiure fi•oun the beginning; but its first convincing evi- 
deuce of weakness was in ailowin« one branch of its or- 
gauization to pass an unconstitut_ional law, (the Missouri 
Its next evidence of decrepitude was • its 
conipronüse.) 
inabilitv to enforce a constitutional law, (the fugitive slave 
jaw:) the whole fabric being shaken to its foundation by 
the only attetnpt. of enfin•cenhent Diade by its chief otiiccr, 
necd not enlarge in this direction. 
(President Pieree.) 
Goven;rnent.' is a fail.urc. 
l•Vhat- then? 'I'be St.ates, of course. revert to their ori- 
ginal position, each sovereign within itself. 'I'here can be 
then. bein«y our positiori, 
other just conclusion, 
the queetiou sober. thinking, earnest Inen is, 'vhat shan 
take iL "or granted that. no Inan in 
we do•ttn• the 
his semes would- advocate the' rennunincr in so many petty 
can tell that may not have some Louis Napo- 
leon among us, who lnay be ready to make a 
coup d.'etat, and enthrone himself upon the rights 
and upon •the liberties of 'the people? Who can 
, tell what kind of may grow up ? 
Hence the importance, in advance, of considerincr 
maturely and deliberately before we give up the 
I that the people of Tennessee will 
never pass under arrother government that is less 
republican, less democratic in all its bearings, 
than. the one under which we now live, I care ,not 
whether it is formed in the North or the South. 
eovercfr„rnties. should be worse t.han Ilexieanized by an isolated, a separate and hdis- 
hat, then, shall we do? In the first place. 
that process. 
' tinct position, Gefkn•e we will do it. We Will-pass 
•ay, let look around and see if there is a "ov- 
l. would 
into that fractional condition to which I bavc 
(..•rnEnek1t or an enlightened nation that has not yet proven 
ii alluded before, we will pass under an absolute 
n {hilure, hut W'üieli is now.' , and bas ever been, productiVc• 
of' happiness to all its law,abiding people. if such a gov- 
I do hot say that I 
or constitutional rnonarchy. 
lid—a trovennnent whose first aud Only 
this is the design North or South, or perhaps of 
is the good, tile RP.A*, GOOD (not.fancicd good, an 
any but a very snytll portion; but it shows that 
ignis.fatauts which I (Oar both our fathers aud ourselves 
i there are some who, if they cöuld find a favorable 
have too tnueh run after in this country) of all its prople— 
if such a goverulnent exists, let us exurnine it carefully ; if 
opportunity, would fix tho description of govern- 
it has apparent. errors, (as what hurnan institution has not ? ) 
fncnt have ailuded to on the great mass of the 
let avoid thetn. Its beneficial arranamnents let us adopt. 
people. Sir, I will stand by the Constitution of 
Let us nou be turned aside by its nanue. nor be lured by its 
pretensions. 'l'ry it by its works, and adopt or condennm it 
the country as it is, and by all its guarantees. 
'l speak as to wise 
N.) more ccpcriments. 
by its fruit*. 
am not for breaking up this great Confederacy. 
nien; judge ye w•hat I say.' 
I am for holding on to it as it is, wiib the mode 
'i I an' one of a tow ever dared to think that repub- 
and inanner pointed out in the instrument for its 
was a failure frotn its and I have never 
shrunk giving Iny opinion when it was worth whifc. 
It was good enough for Wash- 
own alüendment.. 
I have never wished to see this Union disrupted ; but if it 
ington, for Adams, for for Jackson . 
be, then I raise rny voice tar a return to a 
It is good enough for us. I intend to stand by it, 
" (NONS'PIT(JTIONAL MONARCHY." 
and to insist on a compliance with all its guaran- 
" COLUMBIA. SOUTH CAROLINA, December 5, 1860. 
tees, North and South. 
Yesterday the debate in the House. of Reprogentatives 
Notwithstanding we want to occupy the posi- 
'l'he parties arraycd against each 
was untrsuallv wartn. 
tion of a breakwater between the northern and 
other in the •natter of an anny, and the manner 
the southern extremes, and bring all tocretbcr if we 
of' appointinu cue conunaudill* officers, used scathing Ian - 
, and debate ray' high t.hrouuhout the session. So far 
g e, both the opposing parties are led on I can, I tell our northern fricnds that' the constitu- 
as I am able to jud 
t.ional guarantees must be earried out; for the time 
rehe Joint Military Connnittce with 
bv E)it.ter prejudices. 
two or three exceptiöll$, have pertinaciously clung to the 
paid volunteers, to be raised 
idea that a standing at•tn.v• of 
at once, to have the power choosing their officers, up to 
aud t.o require all above tu be appointed by the 
Afr. Cunning- 
Governor, i* the for the fhnes. 
harn, of the •e. who is put forward by the collitnitt.ee 
to t.ake all the responsibiiii.y of extre'ne. sentnnents, has 
hat.red 01 dannocracy in the e.'ilnp. 
openly a Ili* 
party wage a bitter war 
[le and others of his 
indicate an utter want of faith in 
again 
the ability o: tile poople to Enake choice in elections. 
" 'I'lle party 01 to this. the pk•edominant party, is 
osten•iblv led in The House hy Mr. McGowan, of Abbeville 
and Mr. • Moore, of Anderson. 
'l'hese gent.letnen have a 
rpptesent. the democratic sentitncnts 
hard fight of it. 
of' Ilie rural (listt•iCf.s. and are in opposition to the Charles- 
ton clique. who are urged on by Edward Rhett, 'I'homa.-; Y. 
of the Charleston Mercury. 
and B. n. Rhett. 
The tei)dvnc.ies OF these are all towards a dicta- 
at least iL ap- 
torship, or Inonarchical forni of trovpnnncnt ; 
and find tnyselt• not atone iu the 
pears so to nitnd, 
'I €hpy f12ht heart. and soul an increase oi' guber- 
opinion' 
nararial power; and one of their nuruber, as I have already 
stated, opr•nlv avows his desire to Inake the Governor n 
Correspond- 
stivereiøn power. 
military chieftain; 
with 
ence of the Battbnore Jlmerican. 
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. Mr. President, 
I ha ve rnerely called attention to these surface in- 
dieations for the pu rpose of susta in ing the assump- 
tion that even the people in the southern States 
ought ID consider w bat kind of government they 
are going to pass under, before they change the 
present one. We are told that the present Con- 
I--;c adopted by the new confed- 
stitution would 
eracy, and in a short time everything would be 
here other indica- 
orffüllized under it.. W c find 
tions, and x,vc are told from another quarter that 
another character of government is more prefer- 
able. We know that, North and South, there is 
a portion of our fellow-citizens who are opposed 
to a government bascd on the intelligence aj)d wili 
of the people. We know that power is always 
stealing from the many to the few. We know' 
that it is alsvays vigilant and on the alert; and 
now that wre are in a revolution , and great chancres 
are to be made, should we not, as faithful senti- 
nels, as men who are made the guardians of the 
interests of the Government, look at these indica- 
lions and call the attention of the country to them ? 
Is it. not better to 
Bear those ills we have, 
Than fly co others that we know not of?" 
We see, by thQse indications, that it is contem- 
plated to establish a monarchy. We see it an- 
nounced that chis Government has been a failure 
How has it been a failure? 
fronl the beginninff. 
Now, in the midst of a revolution, while the peo- 
ple are confused, while chaos reigns, it is sup- 
posed by some that we can be induced to return 
to a constitutional or absolute monarchy. Who 
inay comc when , after we have. exhausted all hon- 
and fair means, if this Government still 
fails to execute the laws, and protect us in our 
it will be at an end. Gentlemen of the 
North need not deceive themselves in that partic- 
ular; but we intend to act in the Union and under 
the Constitutton, and not out of it. We do not 
intend that you shall drive us out of this house 
that was reared by the hands of our fathers. 
is our house. It is the constitutional house. We 
have a right here; and because vou come forward 
and violate the ordinances of tliis house, I do not 
intend to go out; and if you persist in thc violation 
of the ordinances of the house., we intend to ciect 
you from the building and retain the possession, 
ourselves. We want, if we can, to stay the heated, 
and I atn compelled to say, according 10 rnyjudg- 
ment, the rash and precipitate action of some of 
our southern friends, that indicates red hot mad- 
I want to say to those in the North, com- 
ness. 
ply with the Constitution and preserve its guaran- 
tecs, nnd in so doing save this glorious Union 
I intend to stand by 
and all that pertains to it. 
the Constitution as it is, insisting upon a compli- 
ance with all its guarantees. I intend to stand by 
it as lhc sheet ancl'lor of the Government; and i 
trust and hope, though it seems to be now in the 
very vortex of ruin , though it seems to be running 
between Charybdis and 'Scylla, the rock on the 
one hand and the whirlpool on the, other, that it 
will be preserved, and will remain a beacon to 
guide, and an example to be imitated by all the 
nations of the earth. Yes, I intend to hold on to 
it as the chief ark of our safety, as the palladium 
of our civil and our religious liberty. I intend to 
cling to it as the shipwrecked mariner clings to 
the last plank, when the night and the tempest 
close around him. It is the last hope of human 
freedom. Although denounced as an experiment 
by some who want to see constitutional mon- 
archy, it has been a successful experiment. 
trust and I hope it will be continued; that this 
great. work may go on. 
Why should we go out of the Union? Have 
weanythingto fear? What are we alarmed about? 
We say thåt vou of the North have violated the 
Constitution; •that you have trampled under foot 
its guarantees; but we intend to go to you in a 
proper way, and ask you to redress the wrong, 
and to comply with the Constitution. We believe 
the time will come when you will do it, and we 
i do not intend to break up the Government unfil 
the fact is ascertained that you will not" do it. 
Where is the grievance; where is üe complaint 
that presses on our sister, South Carolina, now ? 
Is it that she wants to carry slavery into the 
Territories; that she 4 Vaents protection to: slavery 
there? . Howe long has it been.:since, upön:'ihié 
very floor, her own Senator.vo:ted 
necessary to make a statute 'now.' foroi-hé 
tion of slavery in the Territories?- •No--rohger a-gd 
rs that' a "good". 
than the last sesSion. 
They declared, in the resolutions adopted by-the 
Senate, that when it was necegsa-ry thcy„-hnd 
power to do it; but that it was noi the'.n. 
Are you' goino• oat for a grievance that has opt 
occurred, and which your own Senators then:saiå 
had not occurred? it •hecaUse you want to 
carry *Eaves to the Territories? You were tdld 
that you had all the pröt.eetion, needed; that- the 
courts had decided in your behalf, under the Con- 
stitution; and that, undef t-hd decisions tof the 
courts, the :ia-w must be executed. 
Mf. DAVIS. I do not undoi?sta.nd _tlie Senat;or 
perhaps correctly, as assertifig that any Senator 
from South Carolina said, that. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, -1 said they 
voted for the resolution. 
MY. DAVIS. Theydidnbi. 
both thc resolution and the amendment, arid voted 
for the resolutiop which declared-the dütyito proe 
tcct. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 'The duty to 
protect now ? 
Mr. DAVIS. Thev did declare the duty to 
protect at all times and in every place, under 
circumstances, wherever protection was needed. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. -When 
sary. 
Mr. DAVIS. And I suppose, if the Senator 
intends to make a pled on that word, that they 
in tended to nail to the cross the miserable mis- 
creants who would claim protection whéu it Was 
not necessary, and shrink from it. when-it was. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The test was 
made before the Senate upon Sénatm• .BkovvN"s 
proposition to give protection now. 
Mr. WIGFALL. it was not. 1 corrected that 
the other day. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. wclt, 
'—that is all". 
iast corrected it the way it was not 
[Laughter. 
WI FALL. Mr. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. 
RICK in the chair.) Does the Senator from Ten- 
nessee yield the floor to the Senator from Texas? 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. No. 1 will 
continue mv remarks. 
Mr. WIGFALL. the Senator chooses 
to pervert facts, and go on and publish them in 
I have nothino• to say. 
his speech , 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 will publish 
them as the records show them to be. I say that 
on Senator BROWN's proposition to carry protec- 
tion into the Territories now, it received but three 
votes. 
Mr. WIGFALL. I say that never was pro- 
posed or voted on. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The record 
will settle it. 
Mr. WIGFALL. to it. 1 readitför 
you. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 do not want 
to be interrupted now. 
Mr. WIGFALL. I know' you do not. You 
do not want the facts stated. 
I know what 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
the facts were, and in this Senate we voted for the 
passage of resolutions that Congress had the power 
to protect slavery, and that Congress ought to pro- 
tect slavery when necessary and wherever protec- 
tion was needed. Was there not a maiority on 
this floor for it; and if it was necessary th'en , could 
we not have passed abill for that purpose without 
passing a resolution saying that it should be pro- 
tected wherever necessary? was herc; I know 
what the substance of the proposition was, and 
the whole of it was simply to declare the princi- 
ptu that we had the power, and thatit was the duty 
of Congress, to protect slavery when necessary, 
in the Territories or wherever Se protection was 
needed. Was it necessary then? If it was,- we 
had the power, and why did we not pass the law? 
M r, GREEN. Will the Senator allow me ta 
make one suggestion ? 
hope the 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
I do hot- reftise 
Senator Will not.interrupt me. 
out of any discourtesy. r l!hc Journal of thc Sen- 
ate records that on the 25th of May-last— 
On motion by Mr. BROWN, to amend the resolution by 
