142 
strikingoutall aner the word.' resolved,' and inZlieu thereof 
in-Serting ; 
That eexperience having already shown that the Con• 
Stitution and thé common law, unaided by statutory enact- 
ments, do not afford adequate and sumcient protection to 
slave property ; some of the Territories having failéd, oth- 
erg having refused; to pass such enactments,.it has become 
the duty of Congress to interpose and pass such laws as 
will afford to slave property in the:Territories that protec- 
tion which isgiven to other kinds of property. 
It was determined in the negative—yeas 3, nays 42. 
On motion by Mr. BROWN, the yeas aod nays béing 
desiréd- by one- fifth of the Sénators present. Those who 
voted in: the amrmative, are : 
Messrs.- Brown, Johnson of Arkansas, and Mallory. 
Those who voted in the negative, are : 
Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Chesnut, 
Clark, Clay, Clingman, Crittenden, Davis, -Dixon, Doolit- 
tle, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster, Green, Grimes, Gwin, Ham- 
Iin, Harlan, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Ten- 
nessee, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, 
Powell, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian, Slidell, "I'en Eyck, 'I'hozn- 
son, Toombs, Trumbull, Wigfall, Wilson, and Yulee." 
I was going on to say that the want of protec- 
tion to slavery in the Territories cannot be con- 
sidered a-grievance now. That is not the reason 
why she IS going out, and going to break up the 
Confederacy. What is it, then? Is there any 
issue between South Carolina and the Federal 
Government? Has thc Federal Government failed 
to comply 'Vith, and to carry out, the obligations 
that it owes to South Carolina? In what has the 
Federal Government failed? In what has it neg- 
lected the interest of SoUth Carolina? What law 
has it undertaken to enforce upon South Carolina 
that is unconstitutional and oppressive ? 
If 'there are grievances, Why cannot we all go 
together, and write them down, and point them 
out to our northern friends after we have agreed 
on what those grievances were, and say, here 
is what we demand; liere our wrongs are enu- 
merated; upon these terms we have agreed; and 
now, after we have given you a reasonable time 
to consider these additional guarantees in order 
to protect ourselves against these wrongs, if you 
refuse them, then, having made an honorable 
effort, having exhausted all other means, we may 
declare the association to be broken up, and wc 
may go into an act of rcvolution." We can thcn 
say to them, You have refused to give us guar- 
antees that we think are needed for the protection 
of our institutions and for the protection of our 
other interests." When they do this, I will go 
as far as he who goes the furthest. 
I tell them here to-day, if they do not do it, 
Tennessee will be found standing as firm und 
unyielding in her demands for those guarantees 
in the way State should stand, as any other 
State in this Confederacy. She is not quite so bel- 
ligercnt now. She is not making quite so much 
noise. She is not as blustering as Sempronius 
Was in the council-in Addison 's play of Cato, who 
declared that his voicc ',vas Still- for war," There 
was another character there, Lucius, who v..ras 
called upon to know what his opinions were; and 
when he was called upon, he replied that he must 
confess his thoughts were turned on l.)üice•, but 
when the extremity camc, Lucius, who was de- 
liberative, who was calrn, und whose thoughts 
were upon peace, was found true to the interests 
of his country. Hc proved himself to be a man 
and a soldier; while the other a traitor all)d a 
coward. We will do our duty; we will stand 
upon principle, and defend it to the last extrem- 
icy. 
We do .not think, though, that wc have just 
cause for going out of the Union now. We have 
just cause of complaint; but wc arc for remaining 
m the Union, and fighting the battle like men. 
•we do not intend to be cowpardly, and turn our 
backs on our own camps. We intend to stay and 
fight the battle here upon this consecrated ground. 
Why should we retreat? Because MI'. Lincoln 
has been elected Presidentofthe United States? Is 
this any cause why we should retreat? Does not 
every man, Senator or otherwise, know that if 
Mr. Breckinridge had been clected, we should not 
be to-day for dissolving the Union? Thon what 
is the issuc? It is becausc we:havc not got our 
man. If we had got our man, x,ve should not have 
bccn for breaking up the Union; but tis Mr. Lin- 
coln is elected, we are for breaking up the Union ! 
I say no. Let us show ourselves men, and men 
of coura n•c, 
How has Mr. Lincoln been qlected;and how 
have Mr. Breckinridgo and M 1'. been 
By the votes of thc American people, 
cast aecording to the Constitution and thc forms 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 19, 
Qf.iaw, though it has been upon a.sectional issue, 
It is not the first. time in our history that two 
candidates have been elected from the same sec- 
tion of country. General Jackson and Mr. Cal- 
houn were elected on the same ticket; but nobody 
considered that cause of dissolution. They were 
from the South. While I oppose the sectional 
spirit that has produced the election of Lincoln 
and Hamlin, yet it has been done according to 
the Constitution and according to the forms of 
law. 1 believe we have the power in our own 
hands, and I am not willing to shrink from the 
responsibility of exercising that power. 
How has Lincoln been elected, and upon what 
basis does he stand? A minority President by 
nearly a million votes; but had thc election taken 
place upon the plan proposed in my amendment 
of tho Constitution, by •districts, he would have 
been this day defeated. But it has been done 
according to the Constitution and according to 
law. 1 am for abiding by the Constitution; and 
in abiding by it I want to maintain and retain my 
place here and put down M r. Lincoln and drivö 
back his advances upon southern institutions, 
if hc designs to make any. Have we not ("0t the 
brakes in our hands? Have we not got the power? 
We have. Let South Carolina send hcr Senators 
back; let atl the Senators come; and on the 4th 
of March next we shall have a majority of six 
in this body against him. This successful sec- 
tional candidate, who is in a minority of a mil- 
lion , or nearly so on the popular vote, cannot make 
his Cabinet on the 4th of March next unless this 
Senate will permit him. 
Am I to be so crreata coward as to retreat from 
duty? I will stand here and meet the encroach- 
ments upon the institutions of my country at the 
threshold; and as a ruan, as one that loves my 
country and my constituents, I will stand here 
and resist all encroachments and advances. Here 
is the place to stand. Shall I desert thc citadel, 
and Ict the enemy come in and take possession? 
No. Can Mr. Lincoln send a foreign minister, 
or even a consul, abroad, unless hc rcccives the 
sanction of thc Set)atc? Can he appoint a post- 
master whose salary is overa thousand dollars a 
year without the consent of the Senate? Shall 
we desert our posts, sl-n•ink from our responsi- 
bilities, and permit Mr. Lincoln to come With his 
cohorts, as we consider them, from the North, to 
carry off everything? Arc we so cowardly that 
now that we are defeated, not conquered, we shall 
do this? Yes, we arc detöated according to the 
forms of law and the Constitution; but the real 
victory is ours—the moral force is with us. Are 
we going to desert that noble and that patriotic 
band who have stood by us at the North ? who 
have stood by us upon principle? who have stood 
by us upon the Constitution ? They stood by us 
and fought the battle upon principle; and now 
that we have been defeated, not conquered, are 
we to turn our backs upon them and leave them 
I, for one, will not. 
I intend to 
to their fate ? 
stand by then: . How many votes did we get in 
the North? We got more votes in the North 
affainst Lincoln than the entire southern States 
cast. Arc they not able and faithful allies? They 
are; and now, on account of this temporary de- 
feat, are we to turn our backs 'upon them and 
leave them to their fhte, as they havc fallen for us 
in formcr controversies ? 
We find, '.vhen all the North is summed up, 
that Mr. Lincoln's majority there is only about 
two hundred thousand on the popular vote; and 
when that is added to the otLervote cast through- 
out the Union, he stands lo-day in a minority of 
nearly a million votes. What, then, is neces- 
sary to be done? To stand to our posts like men, 
and act upon principle; stand for the country; 
and in four years from this day, Lincoln and his 
administration will be turned out, the worst-de. 
feated and broken-down party that ever can•ie 
It is an inevitable result from the 
into power. 
combination of elements that now exist. What 
cause, then , is there to break up the ? 'iVhat 
reason is there for deserting our posts and destroy- 
ing this greatest and best Government that was 
cver spoken into existencc ? 
I voted against him; I spoke against him; I 
spent uny to defeat him; but still I love 
my country; I love the Constitution; I intend to 
insist unon its guarantees. There, and there alone, 
I intenå to plant noyself, with the confident hope 
and belie? that if the Union rennins together, in 
less than four years the now triumphant party 
will be overthrown. In less time, I have the hope 
and belief that we shall unite and agree upon our 
grievances here and demand their redress, not as 
suppliants at the footstool of power, but as para 
ties to a great compact; we shall say that we want 
additional guarantees, and that they are necessary 
to the preservation of this Union; and then, when 
they are refused deliberately and calmly, if we 
cannot do better, let the South go togethcr, and 
let the North go together, and let us have a divis- 
ion of this Government without the shedding of 
blood, if such a thing be possible; let us have u 
division of the property; let us have a division of 
the Navy; let us have a division of the Army, 
and of the public lands. Let it be done in peace, 
and in a sptrit that should characterize and dis- 
I believe we can obtain all 
tinguish this people. 
our guarantees. I believe there is too much good 
sense, too much intelligence, too much patriot• 
ism, too much capability, too much virtue, in the 
great mass of people to permit this Government 
to be overthrown. 
I have an abiding faith, I have an unshaken 
confidence in Inan 's capability to govern himself. 
I will not give up this Government that is now 
called an experiment, which some are prepared 
to abandon for a constitutional monarchy. No; 
I intend to stand by it, and f entreat every man 
throughout the nation who is a patriot, and who 
has seen, and is compelled to admit, the success 
of this great experiment, to come forward, not in 
heat, not in fanaticism, not in haste, not in pre- 
cipitancy, but in deliberation, in full view of all 
that is beforc us, in the spirit of brotherly love 
and fraternal affection, and rally around thc altar 
of our common country; and lay the Constitution 
upon it as our last libation, and swear by our God, 
and all that is sacred and holy, that the Consti- 
tution shall bc saved, and the Union preserved. 
Yes, in the language of the departed Jackson, let 
the Federal Union, 
us exclaim that the Union, 
it must bc preserved." 
Are we likely, when we get to ourselves, North 
and South, to sink into brotherly love? Are we 
likely to be so harmonious in that condition as 
some suppose? What did wc find here tl'1C other 
day amon& our brother Senators, onc of whom 
rcfrrred to a southern Governor? I allude to it 
only to show the feeling that exists even among 
I am sometimes impressed with the 
ourselves. 
force of Mr. Jefferson 's remark, that we may as 
well keep the North to quarrel with, for it' we have 
no North to quarrel with, we shall quarrel amon• 
ourselves. We are a sort of quarrelsome, pug- 
nacious people; and if we cannot get a quarrel 
from onc quarter, we shall have it from another; 
and I would rather quarrel a little now with thc 
North than be quarreling with ourselves. Because 
the Governor ofa southern State was renusing to 
convene the Legislature to hasten this movement 
that was going on throughout the South ; and be- 
cause he objected to that course of conduct, what 
did Senator say here in the American Senate? 
The question was asked if there was not some 
Texan Brutus that rise upan(l rid the coun- 
try of the hoary-headed traitor! This is the lan- 
guagc that a Senator used. This is the way we 
begin to speak of southern Governors. Yes; to 
remove an obstacle in our way, we must have a 
modern Brutus who will go t.o the capital of a 
State and assassinate aGovernor to accelerate the 
movement that is goin«y on. 
If we are so unscru- 
pulous in reference to ourselves, and in reference 
to the means we are willing to employ to con- 
summate this dissolution, thén it does not look 
very much like harmony amonsr ourselves after 
we get out of it. 
Mr. President, I have said much more than I 
anticipated when I comrnenced; and f have said 
more now (though external appearances seem 
than have strength or 
health to say; 
but if there is any ctTort .of mine that would pre- 
serve this Government t.ill there is time, to think, 
till there is time to consider, even if it cannot be 
preserved any longer; if that end could bc secured 
by making a sacrifice of rny existence and 
ill" up my blood, I would be willing to consent 
to it. Let us pauscin this mad career; 
let us consider well what we are doing bc- 
itatc.; 
fore we make a movement. 
certain extent, dissolution is going take place, 
say to the North, you ought. to 
spirit which should characterize aud conu•ol the 
