1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
nag 
North on this question; and you ought to give 
those indications in good faith that will approach 
what the South demands. It will be no sacrifice 
It is no suppliancy on ours, but 
on your part. 
simply a demand of right. What concession is 
there in doing right? Then, como forward. We 
have it in our power—yes, this Congress here to- 
day has it in its power to save this Union, even 
after South Carolina has gone out. Will they 
not do it? You can do it. Who is willing to take 
the dreadfui alternative without making an hon- 
orable effort to save this Government? Tl'his Con- 
grcss has itin its power to-day to arrest this thing, 
at least for a season, uutil there is time to con- 
sider about it, until wc can act discreetly and pru- 
dcntly, and I believe arrest it altogether. 
Shall we give ail this up to the Vandals and the 
Goths? Shali we shrink from our duty, and de- 
sert the Government as a sinking ship, or shall 
we stand by it? I, for one, will stand here until 
the high behest of my constituents demands me 
to desert my post; and instead of laying hold of 
the columns of this fabric and pulling it down, 
though I may not be much ofa prop, I will stand 
'.vith my shoulder supporting the edifice as long 
as human effort can do it. Then, cannot we 
agree? We can, if we will, and come together 
and save the country. 
In saying what I have said on this occasion, 
Mr. President, I havc done it in view of a duty 
that I felt I owed to my constituents, that I owed 
to my children, that I owed to myself. Without 
regard to consequences, I have taken the position 
I have; and when the tug comes, when Greek 
shall meet Greek, and our' rights arc refused after 
all honorable means have been exhausted, then 
it is that will perish in the last breach; yes, in 
the language of the patriot Emmet, I will dis- 
pute every inch of ground; will burn every blade 
of grass; and the last intrcnchment of freedom 
shall be my grave." Then, let us stand by the 
Constitution:, and in preserving the Constitution 
we shall save the Union ; and it) saving the Union , 
we save this, the greatest Government on earth. 
I thank the Senate for their kind attention. 
Mr. PUGII obtained the floor. 
Mr. LANE. If the Senator will give way to 
me for few moments, I shall be much obliged 
to him. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. F00T.) 
Does the Senator from Ohio yield to the Senator 
from Oregon ? 
Mr. PUGH. If I can have the floor for to- 
morrow, I am perfectly willing to (Five it to my 
friend from Oregon this evcnino•. 
Mr. LANE. 1 could not hope, Mr. President, 
to reply to the remarkable speech of the honora- 
ble Senator from Tennessee within the time that 
the Senate would be willing to listen to me; nor 
at this late hour could I expect to reply to his 
He has spoken very hand- 
very long speech. 
somely of tbe gallant conduct of that glorious 
band, the northern Democracy of the country, 
who, though in a minority at home, have strucr- 
gled for the rights of their southern brethern— 
mitted briefly to notice some of the points that the 
honorable Senator made as he welV along in his 
labored course. He took occasion to give an 
account of thc action of the Senate upon certain 
resolutions introduced here, setting fhrth the prin- 
ciples that were made the issue in the late contest, 
and that were overridden and trodden down. He 
called the attention of the Senate to' a proposition 
introdåced by the honorable Senator from Missis- 
sippi [Mr. 13RowN] to declarc that now is the time 
foraction; that a law ought to be passed at this time 
protecting property in the Territories. Though 
It was my opinion then that it would havc been 
well to pass such a law, yet that Senator knew, 
and so did every other one, that it was impossi- 
bie in this Congrcss to pass such a law. We 
might have passed such a bill through this body, 
but it could never havé passed thc other. Then 
it was our duty, as it was our privilege, to set 
forth the principles on which this Governmcnt 
reposed, and which must be maintained, or the 
Government cannot exist. They were the prin- 
ciples upon which this great battle was fought, 
that resulted in the election of Mr. Lincoln. They 
were the principles presented to the American 
people, more plainly and directly put than in any 
canvass before in this country; and they were 
repudiated, voted down, and rejected, and a man 
elected because he hated the mstitutions of the 
State of the honorable Senatol• who has just ad- 
dressed the Senate—elected because of his oppo- 
sition and because of his hatred to those institu- 
tions. By the result of the election, the power of 
the Government is to be placcd in the hands ofa 
sectional party—a party that had placed them- 
selve* in opposition to the Constitution and the 
equality of these States, and to the decision of the 
Supreme Court, and which defied the Constitution 
and the decision of the court, and denied the 
equality of these States; a party which holds that 
the common territory belongs exclusively to the 
North; that the North should enjoy it, and that 
the southern States should have no part or lot in 
it. On account of Mr. Lincoln's hatred of le 
institt.ttions of the South and his devotion t 
ec- 
tional principles he has been elevated to the ghest 
office in the gift of any people. 
Is it strange then, sir, that the galla t State of 
South Carolina—always chivalrous in evcry war 
in which our country has been engaged; famous 
in the war of the Revolution, out of which grew 
our present Government; famous in the wur of 
1812—15; famous in. the war with Mexico; just, 
honest, upright, and true to the Constitution— 
should refuse to romain in the Union us an inferior 
Is it expected that she shall sub- 
member of it? 
mit to insult, inferiority, and degradation? If she 
will not, does the Senator hold that forces shall 
go down there with a bloody banner and strike 
down the gallant sons of that gallant and glorious 
State? i say to him, when he undertakes it, the 
gallant band of Democrats North will neither join 
him. nor that Republican party that expect to 
take a united North against a down-trodden South. 
I now serve notice that, when war is made upon 
that gallant South for withdrawing from a Union 
for the equality and rights of all the States. 
which refuses them their rights, the northern 
belong to that, portion of the people of this coun- 
try; and I will say to that honorable gentleman Democracy will not join in the crusade. The 
that while they struggle for the constitutional Republican party will have war enough at home. 
rights of the other States of the Union, as they The Democracy of the North necd not cross the 
have always done, and as thcy will continue to border to find an enemy. The Black Republicans 
do, there is one thing that they will not do: they and their aiders and abettors need not promise 
will not march under his banner to strike down themselves that they can carry a united North 
a«ainst an honorable people contending for their 
a gallant, chivalrous, and generous people conu 
tending for rights that have been refused them by I rights. No such thing can be done. 
r ilhey will not The honorable Senator tells us where Tennes- 
the other States of this Union. 
march with him under his bloody banner, or Mr. see will stand •when that hour of trial may come. 
Lincoln 's, to invade the soil of •the gallant State. W I know a good deal of Tennessec; two of their 
of South Carolina when she may withdraw from regiments happened to be under my orders in my 
Confederacy that has refused her that equality brigade in one of the wars in which this country 
I know 
has been engaged. I know them X,vell. 
to which she is entitled, asa member of the Union, I 
under the Constitution. On the contrary, when I that a more chivalrous, more just, more gallant, 
he 0k' any other gentleman raises that banner and more honorable and bold people do not live on 
the face of this globe; and I can say to my hon- 
attempts to subjugate thatgallant people, instead of 
marching with him, wc Will meet there, ready orable friend that they will not march with him 
to repel him and his forces, He shall not bring to South Carolina to strike down the people there; 
with him the northern Democracy to strike down nor into any other southern State. These States, 
a people contending for rights that have been re- I Mr. President, must have their rights in this 
fused them in a Union that ought to recognizc the Union; they must have their equality there, or in 
honor they must go out of the Union. 
equality of every member of the Confederacy. 
would save this glorious Union; but it must 
Mr. President, to take up this remarkable speech , 
to analyze it, to review it, and to consider itin the be done, as i said on a former occasion, upon the 
the manner that it deserves, would require more i principles of the Constitution; upon the princi- 
timethan can expecttohave; but I may be per- I} 
pies of justice and equality; and I will say to the 
honorable Senat-01' from -Tennessee do: 
understand the framewoik Of thig 
•he understands it. I underståndttlifstö bp a„vo!} 
I understand that 
untary association of States. 
our fatheÉs met together at a proper tifi10 iri i:lid 
history of our country, and establishOd 'tu 
ernment, a Confederation—one, as he remarked; 
that it was declared should be " perpetual' V 
They lived under it a short time, and they foulid 
it would not answer the purpose. A few StatéS 
moved—five States; the glorious Old Dorniriion 
was one; and they said •that though it had been 
provided by the Confederation that the 
ment should be perpetual,they would break it up, 
Only five States met, but their suggestions were 
acted upon; the other States sent delegates; and 
the convention fixed the time for the breaking up 
of that Government that was to have been per- 
petual, and that time was when nine only of. the 
States would unite. They were seceders theg. 
George Washington headed the band. He went 
with those who chöse to secede from that Coh- 
federation to the city of, Philadelphia; 'became 
their President; made a Government; and pro- 
vided that when nine States should adopt it,- the 
old Confederation should be broken up. He Wds 
a seceder. What has the honorable gentleman to 
say to him and, his friends that went with him to 
Philadelphia, seceded from a government that 
was to have been " perpetuill, " and which did not 
provide for its alteration, except by the concur• 
rence of all the States, and made a new govern- 
mcnt, our present Government? When they sub- 
mitted it to the States, they made it upon the 
principle of that equality of States which I have 
mentioned. They provided that tho equality of 
States should remam Liever; for that article of 
the Co•nstitUtion providing for the equal repre: 
scntation of the States in this body cannot be 
changed. They brovided that the sovereignty of 
the States should be maintained; that their equal- 
ity should never 'be denied. When it was pre- 
sented to the States, they adopted it, with the 
understanding, and upon the principle, that they 
should bc equal, and should have equal protection ; 
that they were equal in sovereignty, equal in 
nity, and cqual in rights; and as long as th!3 
eqality be maintained, this equality be preserved, 
the Union will endure, and no longer. 
But the States did not very hastily adopt the 
Constitution that was presented to them by those 
who seceded from the Confederation. They acted 
mnturely and deliberately, and considered wcll 
the Constitution, which they adopted at such times 
as suited their convenience, and annexed condi- 
tions, too. That gallant old State of Virginia, 
the glorious Old Dominion , made a condition upon 
which she adopted the Constitution. 
It became 
a portion of the compact. And not only Virginia, 
but New York, made the same condition when 
she adopted the Constitution;' and Rhode island 
also. I do not desire to take up the time of the 
Senate; but I will read two or three lines to show 
the condition on which Virginia adopted the Cons 
stitution, It became, as I say, a portion of, thé 
compact; and I believe it is a principle ih Iqw; 
that when ono member of a firm or Confederacy 
accedes to a condition , all the other members, being 
equals, have theadvantagc ofthatcondition. Each 
member of this Confederacy has the advantage of 
the condition on which Virginia accepted it; and 
they say that— 
We, the delegates of the people of Virginia, duly elect- 
ed in pursuance of a reconunendatlon from the General 
Assembly, and now met in convention, having and 
freely investigated and discussed the proceedings of the 
Federal Convention, and being prepared, as well ag the most 
mature deliberation hath enabled us, to decide thereon, 
do, in the name and in behalf of the peopie of Virginia, 
declare and makc known that the powers granted under 
the Const.itution, being derived from the people of the Uni- 
ted States, may be resumed by- them whensoever the same 
shall be perverted to their injury or -oppression, and that 
every powcr not granted thereby remains with them, and 
at their will." 
This was the condition that Virginia made; and 
New York had a similar condition, and set it forth 
in plain English: 
That the powers ofgovernment may be reassumed by the 
people whensoever it shan become necessary to their häP- 
piness; that every power, jurisdiction, and riaht 
not by the said Constitution clearly delegated to the Con- 
gress of the United States, or the departmcnts of Goy- 
errunent thereof} remains to the people of the several States, 
or to their respective State goveruments, to whom they may 
have granted the same ; and that those clauses in the said 
Constitution, which declare that Congress-shall not, have 
or exercise certain powcrg, do .not imply that Congregs-is, 
