146 
HOUSß OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
WEDNESDAY, December 19, 1860. 
Tic-ID CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 19, 
The House mct at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
bv the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
TheJour,nal of yesterday was read and approved . 
CORRECTION OF JOURNAL. 
FLORENCE. to have 
i yes!erdu-y presented, amonry 
nal corrected. 
other papers,a petition from Mr. William Wheeler 
Hubbell, of Philadelphia, in regard to the present 
Condition of the country, and the questions agitat- 
ing iiÄ That petition. was referred to the special 
committee. thirty-three, along with the proceed- 
ings •of a- public meeting held in Philadelphia, 
and propositions submitied by mysolf. It does 
not seenn, however, that the Journal shows Mr. 
1 
Hubbell's petition to have bee'n so referred. 
am not surprised that therc should have occurred 
this omission, from the fact that there was so 
much confusion in the Hall when presented 
these papers, and an opposition to them which 
has characterized no other similar proccedin«y. 
do not know why such a spirit should have been 
manifest.ed, unless, indeed, it was called forth by 
t.he loyalty of the city of Pi.iladelphia. 
The correction was made. 
CONTRACTS POR PUBLIC BUILDINGS. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a 
munieation from the Secretary of the Interior, 
transmittinø, in compliance With the resolution 
oc the House of Representatives of April 16, 1838, 
copies contracts entercd into by the Comrnis- 
•slbner of, Public Buildings during the current fis- 
cal year; also, a statement giving the names of 
bidders, and the prices at which it is proposed 
to do the work contemplated by said contracts; 
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be 
prin ted. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR HOLIDAYS. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I offer the 
followinc resolution: 
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) 'I'hat when the two 
Youses of Congress adjourn to rnorrow, they adjourn to 
meet on the — day of January, ISjl. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 
I desire to ask 
the gentleman from Illinois whether the statement 
made is true, that the Senate passed a resolution 
of this kind esterdav ? 
Mr. WAXHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I under- 
stand that-the Senate has not passed a resolution 
of this kind; but I presume it will concur with 
the House if we should puss this resolution. 
have left a blank in the resolution for the day to 
which the Houses should adjourn. 
Mr. McPH ERSON. I object to the reception 
of the resolution. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I do not 
suppose that a single objfT.tion can defeat this 
I understand that a resolution of a 
resolution. 
similar character has been held by the Speaker 
to•be in order us a privileged question. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that 
the resolution is a privile«red one, and IS in order. 
Mr. WASHBIJRNE, of Illinois. 
pose to fill the blank with the words Monday, 
the. 6th," so that it will read: 
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That when the two 
Houses ot•• Congress adjourn to.tnorrow, they adjourn to 
meet on Monday, the. 61b day of January, 1861. 
Mr. ETHERIDGE. 1 move to lay the 
lution on the-table. 
Mr. DAWES culled for thc yeas and nays. 
The yeas and 'nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; and it Was decided in 
the affrmative—yeas 77, nays 74; as follows: 
YEAS—Me.ssrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Allen, Bab- 
bitt, Beaie, Blake, Bocock, Brayton, Burch, Burnham; But- 
terfield, Carey, Case, Clemens, Cobb, Colfax, Conkling, 
Covode, Cox, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Dunn, Edwards. 
Fenton, Giltner, Goocb, Grow, Gurley, Hale, 
Hatton, HclEnick, :lloard, Houston, 
"nmphrev, Junkin, 
Francis VV. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, DeWitt' C. Leach, 
Lee, Loontis, Charws D. Martin, S. Martin, Mc- 
Kean, MeKenty, McKnight, McPherson, Millson, Mont- 
gomery, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Noeli, Pen 
dleton, Pettit, Porter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, John fl. 
Reynolds, Royce, Spauiding, Spinner, Stanton, 
Stokes, Thavcr, 'l'onlE)kins, 'l'runble, Vance, Vandever, 
Verrce, Waae, Waldron, IValton, Wells, VViIson, and 
Winslow 
NA YS—Messrs. Green Adams, Aldrich, Alley, William 
C. Anderson, Avery, Barksdale, Bart, Barret, Boteler, 
Buffnton, John B. Clark, James Craig, Burton 
Branch, 
Craigc, John G. Davis, De Jarnette, Duell, Edmundson, 
Engli>b, Florence, Foster, French, Gartrel}, Hall, J. Mor- 
risoti •Harris, John T. Harris, I•iaskin, Hickman, I'!indman, 
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Holman; -William Howard, Hugbeg, I]ntchinx, Jackson; 
Jenkins, Jones, Landrnm, Larrabee, James M. Leach, Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee Of 
Leake, Longnecker; Love, Loveioy, Maclay' I Ways and Means, reported a bili making apnr(F 
Maynard, McClernand, Mi21ward, Laban '1'. -Moore. Nib- 
Itoagan, priations for the legislative, executive, and judi- 
lack, Nixon, Phelps, Potter Pryer, Quarles, 
Riggs, James C, Robinson, Sedgwick, Sickles, William Ni 
Stnitll, Stevenson, William Stewart, T t101nas, T vain, 
Underwood, Dilihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Web- 
Wood, Woodson, and Wright—74. 
So the resolution was laid on the table. 
Before the vote was announced, 
IVIt•. QUARLES stated that his colleague, Mr. 
NELSON, was absent on the committee of thirty- 
Mr. KILGORE said he had paired off with Mr. 
CRAWFORD. 
Mr. BRANCH stated that his colleague, Mr. 
RUFFIN, was detained at his room by indisposition. 
Mr. SIMMS said he had paired with his col- 
league, Mr. BURNETT. 
Mr. BOCOCK. Before I cast my vote, I de- 
sire the attention of the gentleman from Illinois, 
who offered this resolution, to a. surycrestion which 
I have to tnake. As I understand It, a difficulty 
has arisen on this side of the House, in relation to 
lhe resolution the gentleman has ofl'ered, in regard 
to the effect which it will have upon the power of 
the committees of the Housc to sit during the re- 
cess. Some of us are of the opinion that, if the 
resolution is adopted in its present. form, the com- 
mittees of the House, including the select com- 
mittee of thirty-three, will have no power to sit 
I think that the 
until the House ugain meets. 
resolution, in its present form, is liable to that con- 
Cial expenses of the Government for the year 
ending 30th of June, 1862; which was read a first 
and second time, referred to thc Committee of the 
I Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to 
be printed. 
PUBLIC LAND EXPENSES. 
Mr. SHERMAN also, from the same commit. 
tee, reported the following resolution; which was 
read, considered, and agreed to: 
hesoh•ed, That the Cotrnnittee on Public Land* be irr- 
structed to inquire and report whether any of the offces of 
surveyor general can be discontinued without detrilnent to 
i the public service. 
'I'llE UNION QUESTION. 
Mr. EDMUNDSON, by unanimous consent, 
I presented a preamble and resolution offered at a 
large mass meeting of the people of Botetourt 
county, Virginia, December 10, 1860; which were 
refin•red to the select committee of thirty-three. 
NEW MEXICO MILITARY. 
Mr. OTERO, by unanimous consent, 
intro••- 
duc.ed the following bills; which were severally 
read a first and second time, and referred to the 
Committee on Military Affairs: 
A bill providing for the completion of the mili- 
tury road from Telecote to Albuquerque, Terri- 
I tory of New Mexico; and 
A bill providing for the completion of the mili- 
struction, but it may be changed in form so as to 
accomplish the object the gentleman has in view, tar Y road from Albuquerque to Danå Aud, Ter- 
and also to meet this diffculty. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 will say to 
the gentleman from Virginia that if the resolution 
is not laid on the table, I will withdraw my de- 
mand for the previous question, and allow the 
gentleman to offer any amendment which he may 
suggest. I ask the gentleman, then, to allow the 
vote to be announced upon the motion to lay the 
resolution on tile table. 
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 just wish to finish what I 
was to say, arid then the gentleman from 
i.tlinois may modify his own resolution. 
if the two I-louses ad- 
going to say that w hile, 
journ by joint resolution, the committees cannot 
meet during the titne of the adjournment, if tl'lis 
House take a recess for two days at a time, the 
committees may then meet during such recess the 
same as if the House continued in session. 
Now, the suggestion i have to offer to the gen- 
tleman from Illinois is this: the House, 
the Constitution, 
has not the power to adjourn 
over for more than two days at a time, without 
the consent of the Senate. But if we obtain the 
consent of the Senate, we may adjourn over for 
more than two days at a Lime, and the committees 
of the House may continue in session as i? a re- 
If the gentleman from 
cess had not been taken. 
I Itinois would accomplish this object, he may do 
it by substituting a resolution something like this: 
Resolred., (with the consent of the Senate,) That when 
House adjourns to-nron•ow, it adjourn to zneet on the 
t.jLh day of January next. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I ask that 
the vote may be announced. 
Mr. BROWN (not being within the bar when 
his name was called) asked leave to vote. 
Objection was made. 
Mr. BINGHAM (not being within the bar 
when his name was called) asked leave to vote. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected. 
Mr. FOUKE (not being within the bar when his 
name was called) asked leave to vote. 
Mr. HASKINS objected. 
rl'he votc was announced as above recorded. 
'I'F,RIUTORIAL BUSINESS. 
Mr. GROW. To-day and to-morrow have 
been set aside for the consideration of territorial 
I have been appealed to by a number 
business. 
of gentlemen to postpone the special order until 
- ; some future time. And, inasmuch as we have 
information being prepared bv the Census bit reau 
which ought to be before the House, will now, 
if there be no objection, move that the speciai 
order be postponed, and that the second Tuesday 
and Wednesday of January be set apart for the 
consideration of the territorial business. 
There being no objection, the motion was re- 
ceived, and agreed to. 
ritot•y of New Mexico. 
DEFICIENCY BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the bill of the 
House (No. 866) to supply deficiencies in the. ap- 
propriations for the service of the fiscal year end- 
njg June 30, 1861, be made special order in the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union. 
'The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. SHERMAN. that. the rules be 
suspended, and thal the House resolve itself into 
the Comu-)ittee of the -Whole on the state of the 
Union. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the rules were suspended; and the House 
resolved itself into the Cmnmiuec of the -SVhole 
on the state of the (Mr, BococK in the 
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the 
deficiency appropriat.ion bill. 
on of Mr. SHERMA.N, the read- 
ing of' the bill was dispensed with, ond thc read- 
ing of the bill by clauses, for amendment, was 
commenced . 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1m instructed by 
mittce of Ways and Means to offer the following 
amendment: 
After line sixteen, insert as follows : 
To enable the superintendent of the Capitol extension 
to pay for labor, materials, &c., for carrying out the resolu- 
tiou or the flouse of Representatives of the 20th of Febru- 
au•y, 1800, $2,500. 
The amendment was agrecd to. 
Mc. SHERMAN. am instructed by the Com- 
mittee of Ways and Means further to report the 
following amendment: 
Add, at the end of the hill, as fohows : 
For the cornpletian of cuctomuhouse aud post offce 
at the city of St. Louis, and for fitting up and furnishing the 
same, $15,000. 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 am opposed to that amend- 
ment, and suppose it is not necessary for me to 
oflÄ• an amendment to enable me to state my 
objections. 
There are all over the country, in my own town 
in Charleston, in New Orleans, and all over the 
United States, custom-houses and post omces 
exactly in the condilion of • this one ut St. Louis. 
Why, then, is it that that point is singled out as 
an exception to all the others? If we aro to make 
an appropriation for the completion of this buildu 
ino at St. Louis, why not make like appropria- 
If the condition of 
Lions for all the other points? 
the Treasury is such as to prevent us from making 
appropriations to eomp}ete all these buildings, 
i why single out this building as an exception? 
The Government has purchased a site for such a 
building at the city of Nashville, in the State 
Tennessee, for which the public money hus been 
paid, but upon which no building has been erected, 
