148 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 19, 
seveii hundred and* thirteen Africans havo been Eagded at 
.Mö1irovia, froin aboard: of her. For us, the Colonization 
Society, as weH as for. Liberia, this is an alarming and •an 
etnbarrassing state of things. In less than four months, 
thirty-seven h(indred and eighty-one wild Afriéans have 
been- laädcd in Liberia, vim: frömKey West, eight hundred 
and ninety-one; from slavers Storm King, six hundred 
and sixteen; Erie, eight hundred and sixty-seven ; Cora 
six hundred and ninety-four, and Bonita, seven •hundred 
and-thirteen.' We have reeéiVéd information-which leads 
as to expect that •many more will soon be landed. When 
Lhé Cora left the Congo river, -and the Bonita left Panta da 
Lenha•, there wcrc in the baraeoons between fivc and six 
tlk)USiiUd slaves waiting for vesselS ; and the vessels were 
and this amendment proposes to supply a defi- 
ciency of a million more for this 
item of for the present 
Four hundred and fifty thousand dollars 
year. 
are in-anticipation of captures to be made before 
the nekt fiscal year. I do not propose to discuss 
this question at length at this time, though may 
seek an opportunity to do so before the close of 
the present session. .1 have not before me the 
. I doctuncntat•y matter to which I would invite the 
attention of the House. But I will present one or 
two iåcts in conncction with this suuject, import- 
in and;takc the-people aboard. The United Sttites men-of ant to bo known and considered. T lie slavc trade, 
war on that station are all wide awake. They have begun 
-io understand the -subject, and to feel the influence of the 
prize money. We may therefore expect to hear of Other 
captures by the. very next arrival from the coast. Under 
these circumstanees, Mr. Secretary, what is to be done ? 
We have now on our hands, and have had for from two to 
three -and a halfmonths, thirty-seven hundred and eighty- 
one peoplc to clothe and feed and take care of, and we 
have received but $27,208 33 from the United States for 
their benefit. For the last two caraoes no contract has been 
entered- into, and no provision made. In these times of 
commercial distress and financial erubarrassment, it can- 
not be considered reasonable or right that we should pro- 
vide tör these people for nothing. Our Liberia population 
is small and feeble ae best. To have nearly-lötn• thousand 
savages thrown in upon them, is an oppression which they 
ought -not to be caned on •to endure. They n)ight. justly 
prötest against it. And you will allow me tosay that, un- 
less the United States does speedily make provision ror 
those already landed, as well as iör others who may hcrc- 
after be landed, I, in the name of Liberia, being fully au- 
thorized to represent her,- and wo the American Coloniza- 
don Society, shall be compelled to protest against any mere 
being lauded in Liberia. L beg to call your attention to this 
subject at once. The welfare of the recaptivcs themselves, 
as well as the safety and happiness of.Liberia, deanand that 
immediate and amplc provision should be nuade for those 
already there, and that we should bc enabled to pronide 
somewhat in advance others who mav be Fandcd. 
I have the honor to be, most respectfuily, your obedient 
seroant 
W. McLAIN, 
Anancial Sccrctary american Colonization Society. 
Hon. J. 'I'HOMPSON, Secretary Interior. 
Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifest, whatever 
may be the objection to the present law in refin•- 
enec to the African sfave trade, that wc must 
make prompt provision for the rescued negroes 
alrcady returned to Africa, and we ought at 
to pass this appropriation. 
It is improper and 
wrong to throw the whole burden of supporting 
thcm upon the Colonization Society, when theré 
is no money appropriated to enable the President 
to carry into effect the contracts already made 
with that society. 
Mr. JONES. I would suggest to the chairman 
of thc Committee of Ways and Means; that if he 
wants to suppress the African slave trade, he had 
better repeål the law of Congress of last session, 
which - authorizes all these recaptured Africans 
to be supported, at so much a head, by thc Colo- 
niz,alion Society. The law now in existence is, 
I think; a permanent one,and authorizes the Pres- 
ident to rnukc arranffement with the Coloni- 
zation Society to take care of those persons. Such 
contract hits been made, and we pay the Colo- 
nization- Society an enormous sum to t.ake care of 
the class of' persons referred to. Therefore you 
mnkc it for thc interest of that socicty to have the 
Africans recantnrpd, 
in order that they might be 
paid, and paid liberally, fbr taking carc of them. 
I say to those gentlemen upon the other side of 
the House, who arc so anxious to suppress the 
Africah slave trade, that they put 2.1 law upon the 
statute-book last session which will increase that 
trade- more than any other measure which has 
been adopted by this Congress; for it is manifest, 
that the more Africans there are recaptured the 
more tnoney the Colonization Society will get. 
Therefore they will send out persons purposely 
these Africans, in order, when they 
are brought in, they may get pay for taking care 
of them. And I do not wonder at the remarks in I 
the letter of the secretary which has been read 
here, He does not care how many are captured 
from 10 doomsday. 
I say to gentlernen•, if they are sincerely de- 
Birous to sni)press the African slave trade, abol- 
ish the law under which the Colonization Society 
receives so much money for taking care of these 
recaptured Africans, For, so long as that act 
stands, that society will send out men to capture 
Africans, that they may be turned over to them. 
so far as I know, is not carried on between this 
country and Africa. I am notaware that butasingle 
of slaves has for many ycat•s been landed in 
the United States—I allude to the cargo of the 
slaver Wanderer. T hc slave trade, practically, is 
carried on between the coast of Africaand the island 
of Cu ba, and pcrl)aps one or two other points in the 
possession of Spain. England has a treaty with 
Spain, by which the latter Government is plcdgcd, 
for the consideration of according to 
my recollection, to put an end to the slave trade 
wit.hin her dominion. Great Britain can enforce 
that provision of the treaty at any time she pleases 
so to do, and so shut up t.he ports to which slaves 
arc carried t.o be sold. And it is utterly futile for 
any apologist of that powerful Government to 
say that, if she chooses to do so, she cannot, with 
her police of the seas, closc such ports to-morrow, 
or at as early a time as her inclination may 
prornpt. 
Moreover, England has, in addition to that 
portion of the coast of Africa under her own ju- 
risdiction, treaties extending all along that vast 
continent closing that portion of the world to the 
African slave trade. So, then, if sliG chose to 
enforce those treaties, she could close the mar- 
ket.s to which slavers resort to make their pur- 
chases. But by her connivance, not to say her 
participation, this tramc is permitted to be car- 
ried on, and the United Stutes Government, by a 
treaty stipulation which she has entered into, and 
by' the prepositioris which are madc to her 
time to time by the British Government, is madc 
to play tho part. of police to capture such of those 
Africans as she may be able, at an expense to 
her of upwards of a million dollars n yea•r. 
It 
is attitude which we ought not to assume. It 
is a position our Governnient ought not to oc- 
cupy; and it is one ••.vhich the members of this 
Congress ought to to.ke stepsto change promptly, 
effectually, and efficiently. good faith is not 
to bc observed in this matter by the British Gov- 
ernment, the less ••,ve have to do with her the bet- 
ter for our national reputation and for the cause 
of humanity. Unless I am greatly mistaken, 
since thc adjournment of this present Congress 
in Junc last, a proposition has been directly and 
officially made by the British Governmen t, through 
Lord .Tohn Russell, to the Secretary of State, to 
enter into an arrantrement with that Government 
to ormqnize and carry on the cool y trade, for the 
avowedly, of furnishing labor to the 
purpose , 
tropical portions of the world. 
A resolution was introduecd at the last session 
of Congress by a. gentleman from South Carolina, 
whom I now see in his seat, calling upon our 
Government for information as to the disposition 
that the Government of Great Britain makes of 
her recaptured Africans. If my ear did not deceive 
me, a response to that resolution was made early 
this session, and it was ordered to bc printed. I 
have not seen the document. 
I shall read it witli i 
a great deal of interest, for it has struck me that 
it is a subject entitled to consideration. What 
becomes of' those persons? In the operations of 
the British cruisers on the African coast, so far, 
slavers aro never captured when going into a port, 
but only when coming out of port with their slaves 
on board. What t.he reason is, I know not. 
It 
may be that if a slaver is captured while going 
into port, the vessel itself alone becomes a prize; 
whereas, if she is captured when coming out of 
port with slaves on board, a premium is given to 
the captors of twenty-five dollars a head for each 
slave on board. Henco it is the direct interest of' 
the vessgls that are stationed on the coast of Africa 
M r: MAYNARD, Can the chairman of the II to let slavers go into the ports and get their car- 
in the West Indies. Does that apprenticeship 
ever terminate? What is the limit of it? What 
aro the terms of it? What is the end of it? 
I do not propose, Mr. Chairman, as said in 
the outset, to enter at large into the discussion of 
this question at this time; but certain it is that 
this appropriation now asked for by our Govern- 
ment is one that ought to make us pause before 
we ørant it. A quarter of a million dollars at the 
last session was supposed to be ample for all the 
exigencies of this service. Nearly four times that 
amount is now asked as a deficiency; and if' Eng- 
land and Spain are in this manner to cotinive at 
the carrying on of the slave trade between the 
coast of Africa and the Spanish colonies, to say 
nothing of the English colonies, this Government 
ought simply to say, s' Hands off; we will 
tect our own coast,and keep our skirts clear in the 
matter; but beyond that we do not choose to inter- 
pose." 
Mr. PRYOR. Do 1 understand the honorable 
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means 
to say that the faith of the Government is pledged 
for the amount designated in the amendment? 
Mr. SHERMAN. Contracts have been made, 
I think, if I understand the report of the Secre- 
I tary of the Interior, for three of the cargoes. For 
the fourth cargo—the Bonita—no contract has 
yet been made. The four cargoes already cap- 
tured will consume $450,000. The remaining 
$450,000 is estimated upon conjectural captures 
to be madc between the 15th December and the 
1st day of July next. 
Mr. PRYOR. Mr. Chairman, so far as the 
(hith of the Government is already engaged, of 
course I am obliged to vote the appropriation; but 
I do think, from the papers produced by the hon- 
oral)lc chairman of the Committee of Ways and 
Means, that it must be obvious to every mind 
that we should revise and reform the system on 
which we are acting. What do we find? We find 
that already the Government is taxed 
a year for the subsistence of these captured Afri- 
cans. We find that there are now dependent upon 
the r Ih•easury of this Government in Africa three 
thousand persons. We find that cases of capture 
are increasing in a geometrical ratio. • Now, w bo 
knows what enormous appropriations may event- 
ually be required under the operation of this sys- 
tem? Who knows but this a contrivance by 
which this Government is to bc burdened writh the 
support of the Government of Liberia? Who 
knows, as sucrcyestéd by the honorable member 
from Georgia? [Mr. J0NEs,] but there is some. 
connivance, some arrangement, by which, in the 
shape of thesc appropriations for the suppression 
of the slave trade, the Colonization Society is to 
bo fastened upon this Government? 
Now, sir, am as averse as any gentleman to 
the. prosecution of the slave trade. I would not 
relax, but, on the contrary, I wouldonfirm and 
enforce every enactment for. the suppression of 
that trade. Still, do think that, in the prosecu- 
tion of this enterprise we should,consult our own 
exWencies. There is one consideration which I 
should imagine would appeal with decisive force 
to gentlemen on the opposite side, and that is, a 
suggestion for which am indebted to a para- 
graph; apparently authentic, in the newspapers, 
to that this promising Republic of' Li- 
beria is the extremity of being swamped by the 
Afri%risvpitated upon its bosom through the 
agency o his Government. Now, demand of 
those gentlemen that they g:ve tbc Republic of 
Liberia a fair chance to illustrate the capacity for 
sew-governrnent x.vhich they claim for the African 
race. Do not Oppress them by the presence of 
cannibals from the dominions of Dahomey. 
In every aspect, I do think, then—and I submit 
it to the honorable gentleman from Ohio himself— 
that we must change our policy. Can we not 
do something? Last year I suggested, without 
muéh thought, the idea of adopting the policy 
already practiced by the Government of Great 
Britain, and that is the policy of reducing captured 
Africans to a quasi-slavery—a species of appren- 
ticeship. I have thought much upon- the subj_ect 
since; I have read sot-new hut upon it, I 
only confirmed in the idea I then advanced. 
will cordially support whatever the u cn- 
tieman from Ohio may propose bavinry in v 'ow 
Gommittec of M/ a.ys and Means teli us what l.vas 
phe reøa!ar appropriation for the current year ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. it was $250,000. 
Mr. MAYNARD. That my recollection; 
I goes in the baracoons, and then capture them as 
they come, out. MI hat becomes of those captured the suppression of the African slave t, u 
Africans? MT here are they taken? W c are told a due regard to the propriety of our position, with 
that they go as apprentices to the British colonies a due regard to the. necessities of our now ex- 
