1860. 
condition of these necn•oes themselves. 
MESSAGE PROM SENATE. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
present, and that the faith of the Go vernment is 
pledged to the payment of that amount, growing 
out of the. act of Congress, to which have re- I 
whethcr{hcy were or not=whéneiyérrit is insisted 
on the part Of their RepresentatiVés ili Congress- 
that -money should not bc appropriätéd -fof 
support' of these Africans a year dfEet %hé-y 
ferred. Now, I am willinff to vote the money i 
The. committee rose informally ; and the Speaker 
haviux resumed the chair, a message '.vas received 
which we actually owe, and which, as was well I 
remarked by tho gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. 
froti) the Senate by Mr. FhCKEY, its chief Clerk, 
info p:ning the House that the Peesident of the pnyon,] the. Government is pledged to pay. But 
Unit.ed on the. 17th instant, approved and 
signed an act to amend the fourth section of the 
act for the adnkission of Oregon into the Union, 
so as to extend the timc for selecting salt springs 
and contiguous lands in Oregon. Äiso, that the 
Senate had ordered the printing of certain docu- 
ments, of which he was directed to inform the 
House of Representatives. Also, that the Senate 
had passed the bill of the House making appro- 
priatlons for tbc payment of invalid and other 
pensions of the United States for the year ending 
30th June, 1862, without amendment. And also, 
that t.he Senate had passed the bill of the House 
making appropriations for the supfiort of the Mil- 
itary Academy for the year ending 30th June 
in which he w 
1862, with an amendment, 
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.. 
DEFICIENCY BILL—AGAIN. 
The Committee of the Whole on thes e of 
the Union then resumed its session. 
Mr.. SHERMAN. in reply to the gent eman 
from Virginia, [IM 1'. PRYOR, I I will simply say that 
t11C Committee of Ways and Means )ave under 
consideration an appropriation tho next year 
of' $900,000, and it is probabte that that comrnittee 
mav report some modification of the law in re- 
gard to the slave trade; at least, propositions of 
that kind are pending before the committee; but 
we su npose that it would bc impossible for the 
committee to nMLture, or Congress to pass a law 
soon enough to affect the expenditures to accrue 
before the 1st of ,Tuly next. 
With regard to the colonization system, it is 
not com pulsory upon the Republic. of Liberia, 
It connpulsory upon the Colonizat.ion So- 
eict.v,to undertake the carc of these necyroes. 'T.'hp 
P resident of the United States can, under the law, 
make a contract with anybody to take care of 
them; and if the Commonwealth of Liberia deem 
these Africans a burden upon them, they can re- 
fuse, a matter of' course, to receive them, and 
Colonization Society can refuse to enter into a 
contract. 'That. is a sufficient answer to that por- 
tion of' thc concleman's remarks. 
ask that the amendment 
Mr. BURN Err 
proposed shall be, read. 
' r tie was again read 
Mr. BURNETT. Would it in move 
to amend t be a tnendrnent? 
C 14 A IRMAN. An amendment. to the 
d is in order. 
Mr. BURNETT. Then move to by 
and inserti; 
$900,000, ' 
striking out 
At the last of Con- 
thereof " 
gross, i, together with other gentlcrnen, voted for 
(ho act passed to ;unend the act entitled " An act 
in addition to the act prohibiting the shive trade." 
At that time I lhought the act would be humane 
in its provisions, and that the plan proposed would 
bc tbc best tneans that. could be adopted for dis- 
posing of the Afticans cant.ured and brought to 
r I'hero werc at that time, I believe, 
our shores. 
or shortlv before, some twelve hundred slaves on 
the coast of Fiorida, at Key West. I am now sat- 
isfipd that the act of last session is not only inhu- 
mane in its provisions, but is actually cruel. 'I'he 
report of' the Secretary of the Interior shows t.l•utt 
among the Africans who were sent back to the 
coast of A the, rnnrtality ort board of our ves- 
sels, crossing and returning, xvas about fifty per 
The President of the United States was directed 
to Inalce a contract under this act with any party 
he might select, for thc purpose of returning these 
at the 
Africans, and having them taken care of, 
rnigbt, in his dis- 
price of per head; 
continue that contract for a period of five 
I am unwilling, at this time, to vote another dol- 
lar under this act. The act ought to bc amended;' 
and the only course that this Government can 
pursue, which would be, in my judgment, wise 
and humane, is, that when Africans are captured 
and brought to our shores, the apprentices*lip 
system, as adopted by England in regard to her 
colonics, should bc adopted by us. It would 
certainly tend to elcvate the character •of those 
barbarians landed on our shores; and not only 
civilize them, but give the philanthropists of this 
country, who are so fond of the negro, an oppor- 
tunity of christianizing them. W c do not render 
their position any bet-ter by the course pursucd 
by tbc Government; and yet we are called upon 
not only to expend for this year, but to 
make an additional appropriation of $900,000 for 
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1862. This has 
becornc a profitable branch of commerce. W c 
now not only pay to this Colonization Society #100 
per head—the President being authori7.otl to con- 
tinue the contract fhr five years—but wc also, 
tn-uier the exisfing laws, pay to the ships' crews 
that capture thesp Africans, a bounty Of twenty- 
fivc dollars per head. We thus encourariD(P 
instead of suppressing the African slave trade; 
I and I think that the wisest course to be pursued 
E by tl-1C committee woukd be to reduce the appro- 
priation to $450,000, the amount st_vgested by the 
chairinan of the Committee of Ways and Means; 
and then let us amend this law. 
Mr. CRAV•JFORD. It seems tome, Mr. Chair- 
tnnn, that there is no diffculty about settling this 
It has been up for the last two three 
q upstion. 
sessions of Congress. T hc great. mistake has bceF) 
in thc construc.-tion of the" law of 181.9, 
probabili:y the st.u•n of $450,000, su,rroested by 
the fron"l Kentucky, is enough for the 
purpose required. According to my construc- 
tion of the act of 1819, tbc Preéident of the United 
States has no power whatever to and 
maintain these Africans one year after they have 
been returned. The difficulty is that the Presi- 
dent has been authorized to rnakc contract for 
that purpose. The law of 1819 looks to the, sup- 
port and maintenance of thosc Africans who are 
captured and brought into American ports, until 
they arc returl'led to Africa; but there is not one 
solitary word or line of the. act of 1819 that can 
I bc tortured into a construction allowing for their 
support and maintenance for one year after they 
defy the ablest lawyer 
are returned to Africa. 
in this 1.40nsc, or elsewhere, to show that there 
is any reason or justice requirin«r, on the part 
of the American Congress, an appropriation of 
$900,000 annually for tho support of these Afri- 
cans after they shall have been returned back. 
ad init that are to be supported whi]c they arc 
retained here, and then t.hey are to be returned to 
Africa dild delivcred there to un acrent. 
it has im-.)lied tbåt because of the use 
livered there to an (went," 
of tl•: words 
the law requires that the Government of the Uni- II 
tcd States shall them for a certain time 
I do not hold to any such construction 
thereafter. 
a w; and I think that, under a proper con- 
strucäon of the law, we can avoid the support and 
rna inte.llftll('c of these Africans for one year after 
I C there were any roa- 
t hpv are ret u t•ned home. 
son or prot•n-iety in our supporting them there for 
a year, should have any objection to doing I 
But the truin is, that there is so much oppo- 
silion in tho blouse and in thc country, south- as 
sent home, thcre is a generay Indignätioy aFOusOd 
against tho Aft•icah slave trade; arid the-money-is 
voted out of the Treasury contrary to law; ; Thätt• 
is the whole stato of the case. 
Let us construe the act of 1819 aright. LetüS 
look at it as lawyers. Lot us look atit as 
of sense. Examine that law; and you will 'find- 
that the captured Africans are to be eupported' 
and maintained while in this counti•y, but not- inr 
their own. Give it that construction, ahd then' 
the amount of money necessary to carry out the 
aet of 1819 will be far less annually than is nskédt 
I shall never vote a dollar, 
for in the prescrit bill. 
either in this House or elsewhere, for the -support* 
of A fricansabroad; butl will vote every dollar that 
tlle law requi res for their support and maintenance 
while in this country, and' for their return to their 
I am satisfied that that is the true 
own shores. 
construction of the law; and if those gentlémen 
on the other side of the House who are no more 
indignant at the reopening of the African 
trade than are many gentlemen on this gide, will 
vote according to that construction of the law, 
thero will be no diffculty about the amount Of 
money to be expended. I am very indiffcreht 
whether you appropriate or or 
any other sum. simply desired to bring the 
facts to the consideration of the I-louse. The 
House may, for aught I cure, vote to support the. 
It is a matter of no sort 
Africans twenty years. 
I believe that we should ed- 
of concern to me. 
ucate and christianize them at the South much 
cheaper than in Africa. Thc country is opposcd 
• and, being opposed to it, those of us who 
are willing to give a fair construction to the law 
are perfectly willing that thc necessary amount or 
money shall be expended to carry out. the law con- 
I would not In y 
stl•ued propcrly, and no more; 
self vote a golitary (lolku• Inore •is necessary 
while here. 
to sunport 
'l.'hcse are the views which I huve upon thig 
question. 'I'he House will, as 8. matter of 
vote such an amount of money as they deem 
proper—$900.OOO and 1 would as 
soon they should vote onc as the other; because, 
if it were proposed to appropriate and 
a gentleman in fhvor of reopening the slave trade 
we rc to 0i')pose it, they would raise it to 
Now, let us construe the law fairly; Ict us con- 
strue it properly; and then let us appropriate such 
sutu of money as is necessary to carry it out 
fairly, and more. 
Mr. COBB. f suppose the question is now 
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Ken- 
tuck y, [Mr. BURNETT.] 
The CHAIRMAN. It is. 
Mr. COBB. I supposc that upon that I cannot 
properly speak to the amendment of the gentle- 
mari from Ohio, [Mr. SHERMAN.] 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chan, will say to the 
gerjtleman from Alabama that the debate-not hav- 
ing been closed upon tlie bill, any remarks perti= 
nent to the sulliectofthe bill oreither of the amend- 
ments will be in order. 
Mr. COBB. Very well, the.n, I will appeal to 
your.expcrience, Mr. Chairman , to know whether 
an amendment which I have now in my mind, 
and am about to surcrest, will be admissible? for, 
out effect. 
The, CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that 
thc amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky 
being an amendment to the amendment, it is not 
in order now to move to amend further. 
Mr. COBB. Then will suggest the a-mend- 
ment which shall be glad to offer whenever it 
may be in order, and appeal to your experience 
and parliamentary kno•wvlcdge to know whether, 
reopening of thc African 
well as north, to the 
slave trade, that whenever there is objection noade when the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-- 
tuck y shall have been disposed of, it will be in. 
to the pavn•lent of money for the support of L.hese 
order ns an amendment to this bill. You have a 
captured Africans after their return to their own 
law now in force, believe, prohibiting the stcal- 
country, that objection is construed by rnany at 
ing of slaves on the coast of Africa. 
the North into the manifestati01) of a disposition 
ycars. The act. a iso apl)ropriated $250,000 the 
My object is to insert, as an amendment to thig 
part to reopen thc African slave 
purpose of 
, a provision which shall more €mctually ac-. 
-h game, session of 
i have no ido:t lila 1116re are 
not true. 
f would provide that. when- 
compli.sh that object. 
hu ndrod in t ho State of' Goor.(lin. who 
had also appropriated in 
Couo-ress, 
in of reopening• the A frican slave trade. II ever a sl)i.p- shali he captured with a of 
'We arc now 
in ail, 6290 
ad(huon, kine 
negroes board, the Africans shall be taken off, 
A nd because of the fact. that. there are soune W 
an addit;onai sum of 
- d to a p p p r; a 
vessel scuttled, and allow the officers, 
hat State who lye-en chartered with and tb:: 
but are in forrned bv tii0 
Gf the Co:.xxmittce of Ways Means that only qsynged in the slave tradd—l dÖ nbb know crew, and all who are engaged in- the unlawful 
