1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
the law passed at the last session. That is the 
construction which I deem the proper one in this 
instance. 
'i'he sim plc question here is whether this appro- 
priation snoukd be made for the purpose specified, 
name!y: for comfortably clothing and maintain- 
ing the• persons of color roceived upon the coast 
am answered by my friend from 
of' Afi•ica. 
Kentucky BURNETT] that it were better not 
to receive these Africans upon the coast of Africa 
•—-that it were better not to subject this 
ment to the expense of their conservation and 
making their lives comfortable; but, on the cori- 
trary, that the better policy would be, under the 
circumstances which surround us, and in view of 
the historical events of the past, to at once cm- 
brace the English apprentice system, and adopt 
these captured Africans as a part of our own pop- 
ulation; to make them comfortable within oar 
I deprecate this above till other pro- 
own midst. 
cce(lilyrs. Bad, il'lfamous, as is the African slave 
trade, wretched as arc its consequences, I would 
provide soinc remedy for them. i would, beside 
providing for the prevention of the slave trade, 
seek to incorporate those who have •been arrested 
in the proper enjoyment of their natural liberty, 
willi thpit• natural cluss—with those of their own 
race and color, with those from whom they were 
taken, and not with an population of 
different and higher civilizati01'), another order 
of beings; for to Introduce them into our midst 
under cover ot• an apprenticeship system, or any 
oLher systeun, for temporary or permanent uses, 
would be, to a certain extetn, to incorporate t.hem 
It would be addincr diffcul- 
into our 
ties to that great problem which this country has 
Mr SHERNIAN. 1 rise to a of order. 
It is, that t.hc amendment would change the ex- 
isting law. The present law authorizcs lhc Pres- 
ident of the United States to pay $100 a year for 
the support of all Africans captured by the naval 
forces of the United States. This amendment, of 
course, will limit the authority and change thc 
The CHAIRMAN. I would call the attention 
of the gentleman from Ohio to the uniform ruling 
upon this point. A distinction has always been 
held to exist between a provision which changes 
the existing law permanently, and a restriction 
merely upon one appropriation pending before 
Inasmuch as the amendment pro- 
the House. 
posed by the gentleman from Texas applies to 
the manner in which this particular money shall 
be used, and does not contemplate a permanent 
change, the Chair rules that it is in order. 
Mr. REAGAN. I ought to have said, in con- 
ncction with the other remarks I submitted, that 
the Governments of Great Britain and France 
have heretofore to take an active inter- 
est in thc suppression of the slave trade, and to 
hold, before the world, slavery ih gt•oatabh01Ttnce 
—a profession which, so far as the English Gov- 
ernment is concerned, still continues to be made. 
The object of my amendment is to place this mat. 
ter in such a form as to see whether they are sin- 
cere in their professions; to placc the policy of 
Government, in reference to this matter, upon such 
a basis us to test the. sincerity of Lhose Govern- 
ments. When we recapture we return 
them to the coast of Africa. It' that policy of our 
Government is to bc continued, I hove no objec- 
tion to it, so far as it applies to those Africans I 
whose destinat.ion is the United States. 
yet to the slave trade, beyond sla- 
! } But I understand that whet) British or French 
very in the shall be done with the 
or Spanish cruisers capture slavers, they consiT1) 
free colored population of the free States or of the 
the captured Africans to an apprenüecship which 
slave States? a question of great magnitude in iw 
They make a profit out of 
arnotAnts to slavery. 
dimensions. fearful in its proportions, and yet, in 
lhe captured Afi•icans, instead of earrving 
the future, the vista of time discloses, to be 
their doctrine of h unyinity, [he in)portauce of e..»r• 
solved, and dreadfully solved, in blood. The two 
races 'i rying out which they so impress u pon 
races cannot iivc tocrcthcu•. The two 
us; xvlli}e out' Government (roes on in nood faitl), 
antagonistic, and Christian civilization, with all 
and returns not only those nern•oes which are 
taken from vessels bound to our country, butalso I 
all those taken from vessels of other countries and 
trading between the coast of Atq•ie.a •and Cuba, 
and other l.'endencies o? Spain. Now, I not 
think it is just to put upon oar countt•v the bnr- 
den of returnir)g those negroes and makinT pro- 
vision for their snpporL yent , in cases where 
-l our citizens are not in the trade, or when 
the negroes recaptu red are not destined to the 
If this Government wiil enter into 
United States. 
an arran•rement that Afi•icans taken froin vessels 
bound to Cuba or Bru•z.ii or to any other foreicrn 
country, shall bo in the bands of the aa- 
I thorities of' the Govern from whose port the 
its benefits, will in the future but OiseEose that 
that antagonisrn will be brought into irrepressible 
conflicts and a war of races will begin with the 
aspirations of the colored men to alter and benefit 
their condition. I would vote for the appropria- 
tion of $450,000, which is necessary now, for the 
cancelmcnt of existing expenses; and, us \neas- 
ure of humanity, I would vote for $450,000 more, 
if it be probable, as it seems to me it may bc prob 
able, that in the future, before any further appro- 
priation can bc nmde, expenses to that amount 
wilt have been incurred for the saine purpose. 
that the amendment as it is 
think, therefore, 
offered should prevail. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless there is a disposi- 
tion to takc a vote, Shull move that the commit- 
tee rise, for the purpose of closing debate. 
ment, unless: they were being brought, to, 
coast. 
MI'. BINGHAM. I understand. 
ment limits the application of the appropriation to, 
tho support of -such negroes as are taken: on vege 
sels engaged in the, African sla€e, tmdc and: bound 
to the coast of the United States. It follows,i 
fore , of necessity , that no appropriation will-be left. 
to carry into effect the other provisions of the p'r,e$- 
ent law. Therefore, it does strike, me—whether* 
such a result is intended or not—that the amend* 
ment operates as a liCepse. to American vessel* 
engaged in thc African slave trodc, bound:to pcirts 
othcF than ports of the United States, unless 
gentleman can- show that the acts of 1819 and 1850 
can be carried into effect without. any appropria- 
tion by Congress; which I-doub*t. 
Mr. KUNKEL. Mr. Chairmen, 1 reluc„ 
tant to participate in thiB- debate at •all, 
It bag 
been protracted so long that perhaps' now, the: 
members of,the committee are 'fatigued, and desire 
to hear ho more upon -thetsul?jeci. But Is 
suggest to the committees-the propriety of adopt- 
the amendment proposed by the gentleman: 
fram Texas, [Mr. REAGAN.) I am not •informed. 
as to the express stipulationsthat have beep -made, 
by our treulics with foreign Powers in reference: 
to the su )pression of the African slave trt!de, 
find in t,le Constitution of tbe Uliited States— 
which is to be our guide. in voting money- for this 
—that Coneress, in the ninth section of 
purpose 
tbc first article, is thus invested with power over 
this subject: 
The immigration or Importation of such persons as any 
of' the Stati".s now existing-bhall think proper toadfl)it shali 
not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year 1808 ; 
but a tax or duty tnay be Imposed on such ilnportåtion not 
exceeding ten dollars for each pcrson." 
The object, then, of the Constitution in vesting 
power in this Governmont5 by treaty or bylaw, to 
suppress tbc African slave exclu: 
sive!y to this country and not to other nations. 
'he duty, thereforr•, of the Navy of the United 
Slates, when employed for the purpose of sup: 
l.regsiug tbc African slave trade, should be; under 
a strict construction of' this instrument, exclu- 
sively directed to the prevention of thc importa- 
tion or immigration of persons of the description 
which, under the act of 1808, hag been bylaw 
prohibited; and we should thus fulfill all of our 
constitutional obligations and all the obligations 
which this Government could have the power to 
contract with other nations. 
Sir, we have known, we have eeen, it is 
fest and patent to every member of this House,- 
that the present laws, under the construction 
which hus been put upon them by the Executive.- 
Departments of the Government, have produced, 
not. the suppresxion of the stave trade, but, from. 
some cause •other, there has been a manifest in- 
crease. Within the last two years,undertheircon• 
vessel sailed, or to the Government to whose pnrt 
, to be disposed offi struction 
—i think an erroneous one—but -which 
I t.hc necrz•oes svcre bcillty taken 
this House hy law ratified at its lust session, the 
I shall have no objection. 
at their own expense 
Mr. JONES. would like to have a separate 
Then t.hosp Governments would not be preaching slave trade has increased, and there has, been, an 
vote upon this amm')dtnent in the I-louse. 
ht.nnauity to us, and speculating on the misery of I expenditure of money to meet this branch-of-the 
Mr. SHERMAN. is the to have 
public service far cxceedingu reasonable, rational 
the Africans for their own benefit. 
vote upon the amendment of the gentlernan from 
I simply throw out these hints, because it seems I amount for uny Government to appropriate for 
Kentucky in the House, I have no sort of objec- 
such a purpose. I doubt whether the chairman 
to me that facts have been developed '.vhich re- 
tion to that. 
of the Comrnittce of Ways and Means can assert, 
Mr. BURNETT. I will, then, withdraw rny i quire that wc should change the policy of our 
amcndment, if the chairman of the Committee of Government. My proposition would be the first of his own knowledge, that any other GoverQ- 
Ways and Means will give me an opportunity to step to a change which would be beneficial in ment in Christendom is now taxed to the same 
many aspects. 
offer it and have a vote upon it in the House. 
It Mr. BING[-IAM. It to me, Mr. Chair- 
their treaty obligations for the suppression of the 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will do so. 
man, that the amendinent of the gentleman from slave trade. Their management of captured Af- 
Mr. REAGAN. I will ask the chairman o I 
the Cotnmittec of Ways and Means if he will 'Texas will operate—though not so intended by I ricans or barbarians is entirely different, ag bae 
be.en suggested by the gentleman from Tennessee, 
him—to give a license to American vessels en- 
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot open the door to gaged in the African slave trade bound to Cuba, [Mr. MAYNARD,] from the policy adopted by our 
or any other point on the globe, other than the own Government. 
Mr. REAGAN. Then I will offer an amend- United States, iu which slavery may be tolerated. i Mr. REAGAN. Will the gentleman allow me 
every one. 
to state a fact in that connection 
Under the existing law, as has been remarked— 
and the gent.icnnan from 'l'cxas is fully advised, Mr. KUNKEL. Certainly. 
ment now. 
i Mr. REAGAN. 1 have been informed, 81. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have the floor. 
o it—the President of the United States is author- 
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman cannot pre- 
though I do not know the fact myself, that the 
izcd to direct the commanders of the arrned ves- 
The CHAIRMAN. "l'he gentleman from Ohio I sols Of United States 10 capture all American British Government has proposed to the United 
had Lhe floor for the purpose of moving that the il vessels engaged in the African slave trade on the State to take chargc Of our captured Africans, 
i coast of Africa, or anywhere else; to carry the apprcnt.ice them in the British colonies, and. re• 
I am informed that that 
comrnittee rise. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I wili yield the floor to the Africans back to the coast of Africa, and to bring lieve us of all expense. 
the persons enoaged in the trade to •the United i is the fact. 
gentlen•mn th•om r liexas, and them I W'ill move that 
Mr. KUNKEL. Mr. Chairman, if the state- 
States for trial. 
he gentleman fram Ohio ment of mv friend from Texas be correct, here is 
the comrnittec rise. 
misunderstands thc scope of Iny tu•nendment, if he a feasible, a practical, a. h umane mode Of reliev- 
Mr. REAGAN. I move to amend, by insert- 
ing this Government of tl'ie the Africans 
ing thc words: 
supposes that it gives any such license. 
h designed only to prevent tho burden of supporting captured by our cruisers; hete igun: agent. öffer• 
No Ijart of this sum shali bc applicd to the support of 
these Africæns Being thrown upon our Gdv'érn• ing to bt hbjiäg the}é -barbaEduä Afri- 
Africaivs captured on vessels not Yo•und to the Uniter' 
States. 
