152 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 19, 
ca»s, and employ them, it Fis to be presumed, 
properly; thus carrying ou•t the provisions evi- 
defitly 'contemplated by any treaty stipUlations, 
whichA am familiar with, between this Govern- 
ment and any foreign -Power. Why should not 
England be the custodian Of these captured Afri- 
cans, instead of •the Republic of Liberia? Why 
should not England-do it, who has been so zealous 
in impressinr, notonlyher own people, butcertain 
sections of our own country, With the necessity 
of stirring up this-agita?ing question of negro sla- 
very to the distraction and almost the destruction 
of Oui•Government? She has been the principal 
missionary in an-of-this anti-slavcry and negro- 
philanthropy-magitation which is now disturbing 
the peace of the •country. She proffers to the 
American Government to receive these captured 
Africans and take them under her own kind nur- 
ture. Why shou{d we not commit them to hercare ? 
Gentlemen upon the other side of the House are, 
perha-ps,' in the habit of hearing, if they them- 
selves do not utter, fulsome eurogies on the negro 
philanthropy of Great Britain, chicf among ten 
thousand, the one who has gloriöd most in her 
Fabid abolitionism. Why not commit these Afri- 
cans to hcr care for nurture and for education? She 
has paraded herself and made a boast of her ca- 
-pacity to civilize and christianize and liberalize, 
though at the same time she tyrannizes over all 
the nations of the earth. She sets herself no',v 
on apinnacle, proud, defiant, exalted, and claims 
that all' the nations of the earth shall look unto 
her and takc example from her teachings and her 
practice. Give her the keeping of thcsc barba- 
rous Africans. Here is a feasible,- direct, and 
economical mode of getting rid of them. Why 
not adopt it? 
But, Mr. Chairman, while I am upon my feet, 
I cannot help adverting to some of the remarks 
of my friend from New York, [Mr. JOHN COCH- 
n ANE,] who addrcsscd the committee in reference 
te some of his peculiar notions of humanity. He 
stated that perhaps the act of 1819 would admit. 
of the construction that, 
Inasmuch as Qt.n• vessels 
and officers of the Government authorized to 
receive -these barbarous creat.ures, it nuty be im- 
plied by a fair construction and inference of law 
that it is thc (luty of tl')e Government to provide 
for their maintenance and their education, 
for the conservation of life; but while he. based 
his construction upon the idea of humanity, he 
Scöuted the idea suo•gested by the gentlelnan from I 
Kentucky, [Mr. BURNETT,] same other gen- 
t-leman; that, thésb captured Africans should be 
treated the British Government treats those cap- 
tured -by her own cruisers; that is, talccn into the 
colonies among white people, whorn he admitted 
to bc asuperior race,and there held in apprentice- 
ship until they work out a sufficient sum, 
not I 
only for their own maintenance, but to defray thc 
expense of sending them back own coun- 
try. He seemed to think that there was no hu- 
munity in such a policy as that. I think therc is. 
I think it is benefit aud a blessinm•to an inferior 
race, even to race of barbarians, to be brought 
in contact with a superior race. 
'l'he idea ought, 
therefore, not to be scouted. The example of 
Great Britain can be cited to show that there is 
some humanity in such course, something that 
shall commend itself to our approbation, or at 
least to our deliberate consideration . 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. merely rise to 
set the gentleman :rieht as to an error into which 
I think, he has innocently fallen. 
I did not doubt 
the humanity of such -a procedurc as that wl)ich 
he suggests; but deprecated its adöplion in view 
of the more serious question which it would raise 
—namely, by incorporating pro tanto thc colored 
race with a- superior race, the question would be 
presented what in future should become of that 
Inferior and degraded race? That was the view 
took. 
Mr. KUNKEL. They would be in the 
dition which tbii'}k the Almighty, our common 
Creator, as '..vcll as the founders of this Govern- 
mcnt, wisely deterruined they shon\d Be, put 
anu that 15, 
of subordintuion to 
the superior race, by u denial on the pari, 
consatu t.i'd authoriaps of the country so- 
Cial 0k' politic-afa equality, I think i bat the decis 
iOl') of the founders of our Government, 
in determ- 
ining the condition of Africans, was wise, was 
proper, was based on experience of true govern- 
mental policy; and has not an inhumanity, 
but a blessing to the inferior race. 
I know that 
in these latter days it is the habit of tbc advocates 
of Massachusetts humanitarianisln to represent 
that all this system is wrong. They do not pre- 
tend to eo to the Bible for instruction on this 
subject. Some of its distinguished and honored 
advocatcs—men honored with prominent positions 
in both Houses of Congress—represent that the 
enlightened patriotism •humanity of Massa- 
chusetts exceeded the W'isdom of the prophets 
and apostles and martyrs, for the faith of Christ- 
endom, and that the time has come when we must 
throw Off not only tho Constitution of the coun- 
try but the ordinance of God himself. They set 
themselves up to be some of the great ones of the 
earth. They protess not to be as other men— 
sinners by nature, sinners by practice, and need- 
ing repentance; but they authoritatively teach 
their doctrines as though having a commission to 
speak ec cathedra; and they have been, regret 
to say, the prolific source of all the political, social, 
and religious evils now distracting our almost 
ruined country. Massachusetts, whose soil is so 
poor 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I rise to a 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the committee 
do now rise, and report the bill to the House, 
T hc motion was acn•eed to. 
So the committee rose: and the Speaker havino 
resumed the chair, Mr. gococK reported that the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the U *'lion 
had had under consideration the Union generally, 
and particularly House bill No. 866, to supply 
deficiencies in the appropriations for the year end- 
I ing June 30, 1861, and had directed him to report 
the same back to the House with sundry amend- 
ments. 
Mr. SHERMAN. i promised to give the gen- 
tleman from Kentucky an opportunity to offer his 
amendment, if he desired to do so. 
i Mr. BURNETT. The amendment which 1 
propose is to strike out $900,000, and insert 
$450,000. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call the previous 
i question on the several amendments. 
I The previous question was seconded, and the 
inain question ordered. 
The first two amendments reported from the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union 
were respectively agreed to. 
point of order. This bill is a special order in The question recurred on Ibe third amendment 
committee, and the discussion must be confined If reported from the Committee of the Whole on the 
to the merits of' the bill. 
state of the Union, as follows: 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the 
'l'o supply deficiencies in the fund heretofore appropri- 
point of order. 
aced to enable the President of the United States to carry 
E into effect the act of Congress of 3d March, 1819, and any 
Mr. KUNKEL. I am confining my remarks i 
subsequent acts now in force for the suppression of the 
to the merits pf the bill; and if I cannot bring it slave trade, $900,000. 
to the apprehension of my friend from Illinois, I To which Mr. BURNETT offered the following 
am sure it is not my fault. If I am allowed to go amendment: 
on uninterruptedly—as i very rarely disturb the 
Strike out $900,000, and insert in lieu thereof $450,000. 
committee by intruding remarks of mine on their 
'Che question being on Mr. BURNETT'S amend* 
attention—I think I will convince even him that 
my remarks are pertinent and applicable to the 
merits of the bill, and to the amendment ofltxred 
by the gentleman from Texas, which I am now 
discussing. I said that Massachusetts, whose 
soil is so poor, so sterile and stony, with the hard- 
cst rock, too, granite 
CHAU.kMAN. The point of order 
ing been raised, the. Chair must say that lie can- 
not see how tbc remarks of the gcntleman can be 
pertinent to this bill. Tho discussion of ISIassa- 
chusett.s philanthropy, and of the general subiee.t 
of African slavery, can hardly come within the 
scope ofa deficiency bill. 
ment to the amendment, 
Mr. BURNETT called for the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the negative—yeas 67, nays 100; as. follows: 
'Phomas L. Anderson, WV ikliatn C. An- 
d e r.€on, Barksda 
Bocock, Bonhan), Boteler, Boufigny, 
Branch, Brown, 
Burnett, John B. Clarke, Clemens, (_x,lop: 
ton, Cobi), Jmnes Craig, Burt0i1 Craige, Crawford, Curry, 
John C. Davis, 
Dc Jainet.t.e. Ednu_rndson, English, Flor- 
once. Gæ•nett., Garttell, Giln-ler, I-lardctnan, John Har- 
. ris, Hindlnan, uøhcs,Jackson, Jcr:kins, Jones, Laudrum 
it,}. Leach, Leake, Mac:ay, Mallory, Maynard, Mc- 
I McKcnty, McQueen, McRae, Laban 'II. Moore, 
Syd(.v.lhan) M Nibiack, Noell. 
Peyton, Pryor, Pucril, 
Mr. KUNKEL. I take pleasure, of course, in sn,iih, N. H. Sinith, Stailwotth, 
deferriner to the opinion of the Chair; and will, 
thereföre, suspend any fu rther remarks about Nias- 
sachusetts. 
should like, however, to conclude 
my sentence; because it would look awkward in 
the Globe, if am thus brokcn off in the rnidst of 
a sentence; and tl'1C readers of the Globe wot.lkl 
not know how to acöount for it—whether it was 
from the want of connection in the speaker, or 
for some parliamentary reason. 
I was about 
, as thought, to pay a tribute to 
our poor sister, Nlassacbusetts. I thought it was 
always ill order, in a body representing a confi•d- 
eracy of States, to speak of the c•onj'rüres in terms 
of euloæy; but it has been objected to on the other 
side, and i been called to order, arid am not 
perrnitted to indulge my desire of paying a just 
tribute, -whether of laudation or condemnation, 
because it might be taken by some, perhaps, to 
mean either. 
I was about to remark, Mr. Chairman, and I 
will bring what i have to say to a close, that it 
A. Stcwart, Stokes, 'Photijas, Under- 
wood. Viü}cq. and Wricrht—67. 
Grecn Adatns, Adrain, Aldrich, Allen, 
Alley, Ashley, Barret, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brigg*, 
finton, Burlinuame, Burnham, Carey, 
, case, Horace F. Clark, Clark B. 
, John Cochrane, 
Colfax, Covode, Cox, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Due". Ed 
E i "ertou, Edwards, Eliot, Etheridge, Farnsworth, 
Foster, Fouke, French, Gooch, ('roll', Gurley. Hale, } Ian, 
Haskin, 
Hoard, Howard. 
vine, Junk in, Francis W. 
Kenvon. Kilgore. Lar- 
rabce, DeVVi1t. C. Leach, Lee, Loou;is, Lovejoy, Cå:arles 
D. 1M arun, McKean, *lcKnigl-lt, McPherson, 
Moorhead, Ed ward Joy M Pen- 
d\eton, Periv, Pettit. Perter, Potter. Pott!e, Edwin R. I:ey- 
i John II. Reynolds, Rice. Royce, Scrantor% Shcrn:aa 
Spaulding, St)inner, Stanton, Williitin Stewart, Stout, '_rap- 
It pan, Thayer, ri'heaker, ' Fornpkins, 
rain, Val- 
landigbarn, Vandcver, Verree. 
Wade, Waldron, Walton, 
Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel VVashburn, Webster, Wells, 
and H"ilson---100. 
So the amendment to the tunendmcnt was dis- 
agreed to. 
.l)uri.ng the vote, 
Mr. QUARLES stated that l) is colleague, Mr. 
does appear to mc that the amendment propostd NELSON, was on the special committee 
by the gentleman from 'ilexas deserves our delib- 
of thirty-three. 
I erate consideration. 
I assume, from tbc reading i Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, (not 
of the Constitution of our country, which wo are I' the bar when his name was cai\ed,) asked leave to 
all bound 10 respect and support, that the duty of vote. 
the Governrnent is nothing rnore or less than to Mr. GROYV. I object. I thihk it isa very bad 
restrain by law the immicrration or importation of practice for gentlemen to be allowed to vote when 
such persons as the act of 1808 prohibited from they v.zere not within the bur. 
m V objec- 
being introduced into the country. Hei•c is the 
tion to stand as an objection to all such cases. 
writien by which we are to be governed. If i' Mr. KUNKEL asked to vote. 
thc act of Ici19 bc susceptible of the construction 
Mr. GROW. I wish my oojection to stand 
that has been "iven to it by another branch of all such cases, without ary respect of persons. 
the Govern men t 
; and if, under that coi)st.ruction, 
the slave. trade, instLe:.ld of beino• suppressed, is 
encouraged, think it is so:cmn duty so to 
unu co 
t.hat. law as to Ion off an 
deft any 
in tbe 
i onse to shovvy nas out aority in the Cen stilulion . 
'The question taken on 
LEA GA N S 
anu?ndment•, a nd it. was not acrrced to. 
The question recurred on the amendment of 
Mr. SHERMAN • and it was agreed to. 
Mr. HILL said: t was absent on a 
importance, and ask to vote. 
SPEAKER. Objection 
cases. 
WASI-IBURIXE, of 
disvrense W!th i,he readine of the narnes. 
r l'he was ,wrreed 10. 
The vote was announced as anove recorded . 
The question then recurred on the amendenent 
reported from the Committee of the 'Vholc on the 
