1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
153 
state of •the Union; and being taken, the amend- 
ment was adopted. 
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to 
be enørossed and read a third time; and ben•;' 
cnm•ossed, it w'as accordinoly read the third timeo 
Mr. BURNE'I*'I' calked for the yeas and nays 
on the passage of the bill. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; and it •was decided in 
the affirmative—yeas nays 60; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Allen, 
Ashley, Babbitt, Barr, Barret., Binghan), Blair, Blake, Bou- 
Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnham, 
ligny, Brayton, Briggs 
Butterfield, Carey, C'årter, Case, Horace F. Clark, Clark 
B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Covodc, 
James Craig, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duel, 0 Edgerton, 
Fenton, Florence, Foster, Fouke, 
Eliot, Farnsworth, 
French, Gooch: Graham, Gr(Hv, Gurley, i] all, 'I-Ielmick, 
Holman, William Howard, William A. Howard, 
Irvine, Junkin. Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon. Kilgore, Lar- 
rabee„ I)eWitt C. Leach, Lee, LonUnecker, Looniis, Love- 
joy, Macluy, Charles l). Martin, McKean, 
McKcnt.v, McKnight. McPherson, Millward, Montgmnery, 
Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, Nib\ack, Noell, Pendleton, 
Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, 
Royce, Scrantoti, Sedg- 
John H. Reynolds, Rice, Riaas 
wick, Sherman, Spanldinu, Spinner, Stanton, William 
Stewart, Stout, 'I'hayer, 'i'beaker, '1'rain, Val- 
landigh;uu, Vandever, Verree, VVade.• Waldron, iVaIton, 
Cadwalader C. VVashburn, Elkilnr B'. WV ashburne, Israel 
Washburn, VVebst.er, Wells, and Wilson—108 
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Willimn C. An- 
Bonhan), Boteler, Branch, 
derson, Avery, Barksdale 
Brown, Burnett, John B. Clark, C!cmcns, Clopton, Cobb, 
C.ox; Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, John G. Davis, Reu- 
bcu I)avis, Edinundson, F.uglish, Garnett., 
Gartt•ell, Gillnet, 
Ilughes, Jacksou, Jones, Kunkel, Landnun, James 
rnan, 
M. Leacli, I,eake, Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, 
McQueen, McRae, Laban Moore, Sydenham Moore, 
Reagan, Simms, VViliiarn 
Peyton, Pryor, Pugh, Quarles, 
Stuitll,' Wiliiarn N. H. Smith, Stallworth, Stephenson, 
'l'honras, Underwood, Vance, 
Janies A. Stewart. Stokes, 
Woodson, and 
So the bill was passed. 
During the call of' the roll, 
Mr. COX stated that he was opposed to the first 
item of the bill, and should therefore vote no." 
Mr. stated that, if he had bccn 
within the bar when his name N.vas called, hc 
should have voted in the affirmative. 
iVh•. SHERMAN then moved to reconsider the 
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved 
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN , from the Committee of ways 
and Means, reported a bili making appropriations 
for sundry civil expenses of the Governn)ent. for 
the year ending the 30th Junc, 1862; which was 
read a first and second time, referred to the Com- 
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, 
and ordered to be printed. 
OVER HOLIDAYS. 
Mr. FLORENCE offered followino• reso- 
lution: 
Ovith the consent of thc Senate,) That when 
Resolved, 
this House adjourns to •morrow, it adjourn to meet on the 
7th day of January, 1861. 
.N'lr. KILGORE. I object to that resolution. 
SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is a 
privileged question, 
Mr. "FLORENCE. The resolution is put in a 
form which will obviate the difficulty rcfin•red to 
this morning by the gentleman from Virginia, 
1 have offered it for the 
[Mr. BococK.] 
of allowing gentlemen to express their opinions 
upon adjourning over tile holidays. I demand the' 
previous question upon its adoption. 
Mr. KILGORE. we have upon 
this question once to day; and now, for the pur- 
pose. of terminating the matter, I move to indef- 
inite[y the resolution. 
Mr. BURNETT.' lhope not. Let us have a 
square vote upon the resolution by yeas and nays. 
Mr. FLORENCE. The is not in order, 
I apprehend, while my call for the previous ques- 
tion is pending. My only object is to give gen- 
tlenoell an opportunity to vote squarely upon the 
I understand that members voted 
pro position. 
against thc resolution of tho gentlernan from Ilfi- 
nois [NIt•. WA SUBCRNE] this morning, because it , 
t he c.ornmittee of thirty-three to 
would not allosv 
sit durill?' the recess. IVIy reso,utlon .ts not liable 
to that (i i) ;oction. 
Wir. SH ERiVlAN. I rise to a gucstion of order. 
that this question having already becn 
voted on to-day, the resolution is not in order, 
Mr. WASEtBURNE, of Illinois. This is an 
entirely different proposition. 
Mr. SHERMAN. It is precisely -the same 
proposition, as understand R.. 
Mr. TYVASHBURNE, of Illinois. Itis 
different; but even if it was the same, these priv- i 
ileged questions can be repcatcd as often as gen- 
t konen choose to present them. The resolution 
which I ofii)red provided that the two 
Houses adjourn to-morrow, they adjourn to meet 
day of January next. This resolution 
on the — 
proposes that the House adjourn with the consent 
It does not provide for the ad- 
of the Senate. 
journment of both Houses. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Do 1 understand 
that under this resolution the committee of thirty- I 
three will have the right to sit during this recess? 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly; 
that is the very reason why the change has been 
made. 
Mr. SHERLMAN. 1 hope the demand for the 
previous question will be withdrawn. I think 
this is a resolution which we ought to discuss for 
a litde time before we conclude to adopt it. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f Illinois. It would not 
be debatable if the previous question had not been 
called. 
Mr. HUGHES. Iwish simply to say that 1 
have so far voted against all these motions to 
adjourn over for any length of time; but 1 have 
become satisfied that the best thing we can do is to 
adjourn over a sufficient time to allow gentletne,n 
to go honxe uud consult their constituents upon 
the great emergency which we have reached in 
the affiiirs of the country. The committee of thirty- 
three will be permitted to remain in session. 
think the time fixed in the resolution is too long; 
but believing the House had better adjourn over 
for the purpose I have stated, I shall vote for the 
resolution us it stands. 
Mr. BARR. I have an amendment which I 
desire to offer to the resolution. 
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order 
at this time. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered to be put. 
Mr. KILGORE culled for the yeas and nays 
on the adoption of the resolution. 
T hc yeas and nays were ordered. 
T hc question was taken; and it was decided in 
the negative—yeas 82, nays 92; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Grecn Adams, Adrain, 'I'lno:nas L. An- 
(terson, Willi;un C. Anderson, Avery, Barksdale, 
Barret, P,ocock, Boteler, Boutiguy, Branch, Briggs, Brown, 
Horacc F. Clark, .rohn B. Clark, Clopton, John' Cochrane, 
J;unes Craig, .Burt011 C,raigo, C,lrawlOrd, Curry, John G. 
Reuben I)avis, Dc Jarnetto, Duell, Edgerton, Ed- 
Davis. 
Inutideon, English, Florence, Fouke, Gartrell, Graham, 
liaskin, Hill, r.lindrnan, 
John T. Harris, 
Ilughcs, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Laud I'lnn, 
[Kouston, 
I,eako, Love, Loveioy, Mac•lay, Eibcrt 
, Ilaynard, Me-Clernali(l, Laban Moore, *yd- 
Moore. Niblaek, i'cyt.on, Potter, Pryor, Pugh, 
enhan! 
Quarles, Reagan, Riggs, C. Robinson, Rust, Scott, 
Scranton, Sedgwick, VVilliatn Sinith, Willitun N. [l. 
Sluith, Stallwai•th. Jalnes A. Stewart, Willia:n Stewart, 
Stratton. Underwood, Cadwaiader C. "Vashburn, 
and Wright—82. 
B. I.Vebster, Whiteley, 
N Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Ashley, Aslunorc, 
Bingham, B lair, Blake, Brayton, Bullinton, 
Babbitt, 
Burlingatue. Burnham, Butterfield, Carey, Carter, 
(_:aso, (_",lcnnens, Cobb, Coltåx, •Conkling, Covode, Cox, 
Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Edwards. Farnsworth, Fen. 
ton, Foster, Frank. Ft•ench, Gihner, Gooeh, Grow, Gurley, 
Hale, J. Morrison Uarri*, Heirnick, 
at•d, Irvine, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Kunkel, 
I)eWit.t C. Leach, Janies M. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, 
Looniis, Charles i). Martin, McKean, MeKenty, Mc- 
Knight, McPherson, McQueen, Biillward, Montgmnery, 
Edward Jov Morris, Nixon, Pendleton, Perry, petfit, Por- 
ter. Pottle, Rice, Royce, Shernl&ll, Sickles, Siintns, Spauld- 
ing, Spine er, Stanton, Stokes, 'Phayer, 'Pheakcr.'l'onnpkins, 
I Valla!ldL1htun, Vance, Vandevcr, Verree, Wade, 
Waldron, Walton,- wrens, Wilson, and VV 
So the resolution s..vas rejected. 
Before the vote was announced, 
Mr. RIGGS stated that he had paired off '•.vith 
Mr. WINSLOW. 
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote 
by M.' h ich tllC resolution was rejected. 
And then, on motion of Mr.• PUNNETT, (at 
four o'clock, p. m. , ) the House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
'I'llURSDAT, Dec.enzber 20, 1860. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
c- ournal ofycsterdav was read and approved. 
COAST SURVEY REPORT. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the sen- 
ate letter of the Secrette•y of the Treasury, com- 
municating a reporti Of the 
Coast Survey, showing the progress of that Nork 
duving the year ending. November: 1', -'1860, With 
a map, prepared in obedience to an act, 
gress, approved March 3, 1853. 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 move that the 
tion, with the documents, be laid on thé- täbfej 
and that they bc printed. I send to the Chair a: 
resolution for the printing of extra nürnfrérs„z 
which will, of course, go to the Committe'e ori\ 
Printino•. 
The resolution is as follows: 
Resolved, That therc be printed, in addition to-the uåunl 
nuunber, six thousand two hundred copies of the report Of 
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for Ehe:-year -1860 ; 
one thousand two hundred of which forthe use of the Sen-«: 
ate, and five thousand tor distribution by the said superin- 
tendent ; that the same be printéd and bound, With the charts 
and sketches, in quarto forgn, and that the printing df said 
charts and sketches shall be done to thesatistkction of the 
Superintendent of the Coast Survey. 
The resolution, with the motion to print the- 
usual number, was refu•red to the Committee on 
Printing. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIAL. 
Mr. BINGHAM presented the petitionofJ0hn 
S. Livermore, an invalid pensioner, pravingzthat 
he may be paid from the time his disability oc• 
curred; which was refined to the Commitee on 
Pensions. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 present the petition 
of William R. Combs, praying a pension on ac- 
co•unt of his services durmg the revolutionary war 
and that of 1812. I-Ie is an old soldier, and I rec- 
ommend his petition to the particular attention of 
the Cornmittee on Pensions, to whom I move its 
reference. 
It was so referred. 
Mr. KING. desire to presenta petition from 
the owners of certain steamship lines of the coun- 
try, in which they allege that there is now before 
the Senate u bill entitled An act further to pro- 
vidc for the safety of passengers in vessels pro- 
pelled in whole or in part by steam," which has 
been read twice, and referred to the Committee on 
Commerce. The petitioners ask the Senate that 
they may have an opportunity to be heard before 
thecommittee. Ihaveno doubt that the commit- 
tee, withoutany action or order of the Senate, will 
give these gentlemen, who haven large interest in 
the business and in the bill, a hearing. 1 ask that 
their petition bc referred to the Committee on 
Commerce. 
It was so referred . 
Mr. KING. I also present the memorial of 
Mrs. J. A. Constant, for herself and othcrs, heirs 
of John Sinclair, deceased, praying indemnity for 
spmiations committed by the French prior to the 
year 1800. That bill is before the Senate, and 1 
that the memorial be laid on the table, with 
the other papers. 
T lue ill(nnorial was ordered to lie on the table. 
PAPERS WITIIDRAWN AND REFERRED. 
on motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was, 
Ordered, That the petition of William R.Combs, praying 
to be allowed a pcnsion, on account of disabikity-.ineürred 
while in the rnilitary service of-•thc -United States, -on the 
files of the Senate, bc referred to the Comrnittee- on Pen- 
sions. 
BILL RECOMMITTED. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. 1 ask the Senate to 
take up bill S. No. 414, for the relief of Keziah 
Pritchett, formerly widow of David Moore. The 
object is to.recommit it to the committee. 
derstapd there are some errors in the bill, and the 
committee desire to have charge of it. 
'l'hc motion to take up the bill was agreed to; 
and the bill was recommitted to the Conmnittee on 
Pensions. 
REPORTS FROM A COMMITTEE. 
h.'ir. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military 
Afiirirs and Nlilitia, to whom was referred the bill 
(S. No. 520) to furnish arms and accouterments 
to a volunteer company in Lcxington, Kentucky, 
svported it without amendment, with a rccom- 
veendation that it do pass; and submitted a report 
on the sm.;bjcct, which was ordered to be printed. 
He also, from the stune committee, to whom 
M.ras referred the meinoriu\ of Lieutenant George„ 
L. Hartsuff, of the. United States Army, praying 
to be reimbursed for the less ot' public property 
while in his charge, by tho wreck, sicamer 
Lady Elgin, on Lake Michigan; submitted 
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No, 523) for the 
