154 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 20, 
relief. of' Lieutenant GGorge L. Hartsuff, United 
States Army. The bili was read, and- passed to 
a second reading; and the. report was ordered to 
be printed. 
TARIFF DILL. 
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance, 
to whom was referi•ed the bill' (H. R. No. 338) 
to provide for the payment of oustanding Treas- 
notes, to authorize a loan, to regulatc and fix 
tho duties on imports, and for other purposes, 
have directed rne to report it back with a recom- 
mendation that it be postponed until the 4th of 
Mai•ch next. I do not propose to take up for 
action -tlie report now, but ask that it lie onethe 
table for the present. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go upon the 
Calendar. 
MESSAGE FROM 'MIE 110ÜSD. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed a bill (No. 866) to supply de- 
ficicncies in the appropriations for the service of 
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1861, in which the 
concurrence of the Senate was requeSted. 
The message further announced that the House 
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 518) for the 
relief of Williarn A. Linn 's cstate. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. 
The message further annou nced that the Speaker 
had signed an (H. R. No. 861) makin 
appropriations for the payment of invalid and 
other pensions of the United States, for the year 
ending June 30, 12862; which thereupon received 
the signature of the Vice President. 
IIOUSE BILL REFERRED. 
Thc bill (No. 866) to supply deficiencies in the 
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year 
onding Jane 30, 1861, was, on motion of Mr. 
HUNTER, read twice by its title, nnd referrpd to 
'the Cot•nmittee on Finance. 
FORTS IN CHARLESTON 1.1 ARBOR. 
h'.lr. CLA RK. I f there arc no furt.hcr petitions 
or repoi•ts, I ask the Senate now to take up the 
resolution of inquiry which I Nubmitted the other 
day in regard to Forts Moultrie and Stun tpr. 
Mr. PUGH. 1 hope that resolution will not. 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 hope that the resolution 
of the honorable Senator from New Hampshire 
i agreed to 
will not be taken up this. mornit)ff. 
postpone a• special order yesterday, until one 
o'clock to day, which is a matter of very great 
importance. i should be extremely sorry to be 
obliged to po$pone it again to-day; and I hardly i 
suppose that we can get through with the discus- I 
Sion upon this resolution by one o'clock. If we 
can, f have no objection to its being taken up 
now; but otherwise should be extremely sorry 
that it should displace the special order. 
Mr. CLARK. I do not suppose it will interrupt I 
any special order of the gentleman from Mary- 
land. I do not suppose it will occupy much time 
peace of the coun try. 'Therc are various-rumors 
abroad in the community, which tend more, in, 
my .iudcyrnent, to endanger the peace and cxc•ite 
apprehension and anxiety, than an ything there is 
in this resolut.ion. 
It is better to know the 
than to listen constantly to suspicion. 
ter, perhaps, to know wherc we ure than to be in 
It' therc is anything in this resolution 
doubt. 
incompatible with the public service, or which 
may endancr('i' the peace of the. country, let unv 
gentleman, when it shall bc up, movc to strike it 
out, and no man will be more ready to do it than 
I make the motion now to take up this 
I will. 
resolution, because the Senate does not seem to 
be pressed with business. The Senate may ad- 
in its discussion; and it seems to me 'the Senate journ over, and it is desirable that this resolution 
might as well take it up now as any time. It I s\'lould be acted upon beforc wc adjourn. 
certainly is not so pressed with business in the the Senate will proceed to take it up and consider 
it this morni1)R. 
morning hourat this time, that it cannot consider 
N'lr. LANE. Mr. President, it may be ex- 
this resolution during that hour, or a portion of 
pected that I should explain the object I have in 
I it. 
f hope the Senate will take it up now. 
vie .vr in offering an amendment to this resolution. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. to me 
act.er of this resolution must be. misapprehended, Mr. CLARK. Is that in order ? 
Mr. LANE. 1 believe it is. 
or the Senator from Maryland would have no ob- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER.) 
It is a resolution of in- 
ipction to taking it up. 
quiry, asking for information from the. President. The Chair is Of opinion that, under tbc ruling of 
I cammot conceive that any one should wish to the Presidiug• Officer of the body, debate on a 
II 
motion to take up or postpone a subject, except 
discuss it. 
simply to slate general reasons in regard to it, is 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 have no to the 
not in order. Within that rule, the Chair under- 
resolution itself; i am only afraid it will lead to 
stands debate to be in order; but it is not proper 
a long debate. 
to debate the rnerits of the question. 
MI'. TRUMBULL. cannot conceive why 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 understand that the Sen- 
there should be a debate upon it, or why the Sen- 
ator from Oregon proposes amendments to this 
ator from Oregon, if he has looked at the resolu- 
resolution. Can they be until the 
It merely asks 
tion, should propose to amend it. 
resolution is taken up? I make the inquiry asa 
Probably it 
for information, not for any action. 
question of order. 
would be as dosirablc to that Senator as to any of 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They cannot. 
us, to kmow what the condition Df these fortifica- I 
Mr. LANE. 1 do desire to go into 
tions may be, and what the President may have 
I only propose to repiy to the re- 
amendments. 
done in regard to them. Tl'his resolution is not 
marks of the Senator from Iliinois, [Mr. -T RCM- 
Ollie proposing action; it is onc of that class of res- 
BULL,] who seen-led to appeal to me to favor the 
olutions that have always been perrnitted to pass 
up of the resoiution, or rather expressed 
ill this body without controversy, unless there 
surprise that I should object to its conung up. 
something 
I f there is 
I f' : Now, sir, ordinarily, resolutions of inquiry ought 
in t.his casc, oc cou rsc it ought to l.)e modified. 
It has been the cus- 
to pass without objection. 
there is anything inn-n•oper in the information 
tom of the Senate, •i believe, to pass such resolu- 
asked for, that would be an objection to it. 
tions without interposing delay or objection. But, 
not aware that sucll is the case, or that there is 
as the Senator from Delaware [ Mr. SAULS- 
any objection to the subject-matter of the resolu- 
this resolution 
tion at all. 'llhcn it sectns to rne tbcre can be no BURY] very properly remarked, 
do not wish to go into the debate 
be adopted. 
less to it to- 
shall speak more or 
at present. 
cret the floor, as I expect to do. I hope I 
the Senator will not press it. 
Mr. CLARK. I desire that it should be acted 
on, do not desire that it should bc debated; 
but I ask perniission to take the vote. of' the Sen- 
ate on the resolution. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FosTER 
Is the Senate ready for the ques- 
in the chair.) 
Mr. LANE. On the morning af'ter the resolu- 
tion was submitted by tbc Senator fl•otn Now 
Hampshire, [ offered a preamble and resolutions, 
and gave notice that when the resolution of tl-i(' 
Senator should come up for consideration, I would 
minc as au tncnt to or su bst.itute 
his. T hc Senator froin I Ilii)0is, u-ho is not now 
in his seat, [Mr. DOUGLAS,] Inovcd that the roso- 
lutions should be referred to the special commit- 
tee of thirtecn, and I supposed that his nootion 
embraced the resolution of the Senator from New I 
Hampshire as. well as my resolutions; hut it ap- 
pears that was nob tbc case. My resolutions 
were referred not his. Now, sir, as a portion 
of the resolutions that I introduced are perhaps 
of such a nature that they could not properly be 
offered as an amendment to or siibstitutc for this 
proposition, I will simply move to amend thc I 
Senator's resolution by striking out all after the 
word resolved/' and inserting the last two res- 
olutions of the set that I introduced; and I do 
this, MI'. President, becaus€A feel it Iny duty. I 
do it because I believe the peace of the country 
makes it necessary that the two resolutions I 
now propose should be adopted in placc of the 
one offered by tl'le Senator from New Hampshire; \ I 
and for 
reason 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
would sun ("rest to thc Senator from Oregon that 
tho now is on taking up the resolution 
the Senator frotn New Hampshire. It is moved 
and seconded that it be taken up. 
Mr. LA Nf?,. I did not know that there was 
possil.)le obiecti01') to taking it up and passincr upon 
it wit,hout cousumir)g tirne. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 have no idea, if this I 
lution is taken up, that it can be passed without 
consuming time. It. relates to a most important 
and delicate Inattcr, involvinø nothing less, I fear, I 
than thc fate of this country. I should very muca 
regret to sce this resolution pass. (_)f course f 
shall not undertake to debate it until it corncs up; 
but. if it does como up, it is not to bo expected 
t,hat the resolution will pass through without 
sotne debate. 
lM.t•. SAULSBURY. lhope that those Sena- I 
tors who are anxious that peace should be re- 
stored to a distracted country and the Union of i 
these Stat.es not agree to talcc up 
this resolution now', and that they will not agree 
to consider this resolution or the resolutions which 
have been offered by the Senator from Oregon, 
at any period of the present session— 
at least not 
now. No possible good can result from their 
consideration. They can only lead to excite- 
they can only tend to increase the excite- 
ment; 
rucnt which now unfortunately prevails. I there- 
fore think that, if we desirc peace, we desire 
harmony, if we desire to continue together as 
relates to matters that will surely produce cxcite- 
ment iri the country, tbut will o•ive to much 
concern -and uneasiness, and ii is not calculated 
to restore peace and good feeling and harmony in 
the country. My object, above all things, is to 
see peace prevail, and, if possible, to restore good 
feeiino• arnong the people of the entire country. 
'This resolution has for its object—at least it 
looks in that direction—the strengthel)ing of cer- 
'i'hat may excite the public 
tain fortifications. 
mind, when it ought to bc soothed; and I think it 
ought not to be taken up and considered this ses- 
sion. Let us leave things as they are. 
I arn for 
peace; I vvraul to see peace in the country. I am 
opposed to anything that would bc likely to get up 
trouble, or unnecessary uneasiness and anxiety. 
"Ilhese aro tha reasons that I have for opposino• 
t.he taking up of the resolution, and they were tha 
rea ons that induced me to draw the amendment 
th t 1 shall propose if the 
resolution comes up; 
b tl think It bettor that it shall not be taken up. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. IMP. President, 
ay a single word only in regard to taking up {his 
resolution, in reply to both the Senator from Del- 
aware aud Lhe Senator from Oregon. It is res- 
olution that requests information f•rolü the Presi- 
dcnt, if conujatibie with the public interest. Of 
rncm bers of the sanu) 'treat ftunilv of States, these 
excitin(Y resolutions should not be i\ltroduced course 
will communicate nothing except in 
here to mar what little of harmony is left, and to his discretion. The resolution, as I understand, 
is so framed as to ask for information, iC in his 
destroy w I'ldt little of peace is left. 
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, this is simply a opinion it is not incompatible with the public ser- 
I may be vice. Such resolutions have always been per- 
question of taking up my resolution. 
mitted to pass this body. r I' his resolution relates 
to say that I did not introduce this res- . 
olution for the purpose of exciting anv angry to matters about which we are not informed; and 
debate, or iör the purpose of marring tbc peace 
it seems to mc that all of us, on all sides of the 
or happiness of the country, or endangering its Clnunbcr, be the question ever so delicate, should 
lf' it is of' that 
have information regard to it. 
perpetuity. If, when this resolution shall be 
u Y), there shall be found anyt.hing in it serious character which Senators on the other 
taken 
the peace of the country, no side tell us it is, kve certainly do not want, tn 
in the dark; and how this ean bc regarded as a 
more ready than I will be to sup 
Senator will 
war noeasure, or how the sensibilities of the Scri- 
press an inquiry or to suppress such a por- 
I' do not asrree with the ator from Delaware can have become I 
( lie . 
cannot conceive, when it is to obtain information 
Senator from I)claware, when he says this reso- 
II lution is calculated to irritate or endanger the as to what the Executive is doing, and only such 
any objection to taking it up. 
