1860, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL *GLOBE. 
155 
information as the Executive may think proper 
to connuunicate in his discretion. 
Mr. HUNTER. I hope, sir, this resolution 
will not be taken up. Do we not all sce that it 
cannot, be compatible with the public interest to 
reveal ali the orders which •the President may 
have issued, and thc correspondence which may 
have taken place between hirn and these offccr.s? 
Do we not know that the effect of the debate, 
which will take place when it comes up, will be 
such as to irritate public feeline, and, perhaps, to 
encourage and bring on a collision between the. 
State and thc Federal authorities, which will end 
no man can say where? 
Now, sir, I think it would at least be prudent, 
if therö be uny hope that anything can come of 
this Committee of thirteen, that there can be any- 
thing of com promise or of concession , to postpone 
all such irritating debate until there has been some 
action by that committee. Do gentlemen expect 
to bring this question up, involving directly the 
question of coercion, in which fifteen States of 
this I) Dion fcel a deep interest, and pass it through 
wit}tout debate, and exciting debate? Why, 
Mr. President, I am amazed at gent.lemen. I do 
hope they will postpone the considcration of these 
exciting subjects until wo see whether anything 
can be done or not. When it shall bccome their 
purpose, if such be their purpose, to introduce 
any mcasurc looking to force, then it will be time 
enough to be such inquiries as this; but 
until then I hope their consideration will bc post- 
poncd. 
Mr. MASON. Mr. should 
never have offered this resolution, l)ecausc I have 
all the information tl'lat is called for; not that I 
have derived it either frorn the President, or any 
member of his Cabinet, but I have derived it from 
sources equally open to the honorablc Senator 
who moved the resolution, and to the honorable 
The information is pub- 
Senator from Illinois. 
ernment created by the Constitution, and no sov- 
ereignt.y in the States who created it, then the 
proposition would follow, but not until then, that 
I the people of the States constituted an integral 
part of a common empire. 
I do not mean, however, to go into that argu- 
mcnt. None of us entertain a doubt that that 
question will bc presented in a direct and practi- 
cal form, to be disposed of during tbc present ses- 
Sion of Corprcss•, and until that tiine arrives, I 
would submit to honorable Senators that the only 
effect of. pressinc such resolutions as this to a vote 
will but increase and inflame bitterness, anger, 
and resentment. 
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I very much 
regret that the Senators from Virginia have so much 
misunderstood my object. I can only say to them 
that if angry debate arises it will be on that side; 
I do not know the informa- 
I trust not on this. 
tion the. honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr. 
MASON] *nay have; I have no doubt that he has 
more than tl have; but I will say to him that my 
object, one object certainly, in presenting this res- 
olution, was to get the information for which it 
He may be aware precisely of what num- 
asks. 
I have 
-l am not. 
ber of men are in these forts. 
bccn told, I have seen it stated in the papers, that 
in one of them there arc ninety men. I have been 
aoain told that in that same fort there arc but forty 
I have also scen it stated this morning that I 
men. 
there are sixty-five men there, and five or six 
musicians. But this resolution does not end si:n- 
ply with asking the number Qf men. It asks the 
Pl'esident.to sta-te the force, and then also to state 
whether, in his opiriion, that fot•cc is sufficient to 
protect those forts. 
Now, it may turn out, as has bccn rumored 
in the papers and elsewhere, that there is sorne 
understanding between the President and the 
authorities of South Carolina that these forts shall 
If so, hc can say it, and say 
not be molested. 
lished. We all know, illoßicially, that no troops that the inen are suflicient to protect the forts. 
have been ordered to these forts; a nd we know 
the number of troops that are there, from crenet•al 
public information. we receive a 
from the President according to the facts, if the 
President should think it compatible with thc pub- 
lic interest to communicate them, f presume the 
object of thc mover is, by some resolution of the 
two Houses, to require that troops shalt be sent 
I suppose that is the object. We cannot 
want the information, for, as I fave said, we have 
the information from sources beyond doubt., al- 
though they are inofficial. 
I agree entirely with my colleague that, at. pre- 
sent, the only effect of making the call, and the 
only effect of a votc of the Senate for the call, will 
be to inflame the public mind, North as well as 
South; and I submit that, unless it be the ()bject 
There are also rumors that various steps ho ve 
Incen taker) to put these forts in a condition of de- 
fense; that various works have been thrown up; 
that works also, on the other side of the harbor, 
have been thrown up by the authorities of South 
1 do not knowhow that is; I desire to 
Carolina. 
be informed. The President can inform us. 
can inform us in such way as hc may deem for 
t.he interest of the public; or he may withhold that 
information; but [ prmnise the Senators on the 
be in a state of agitation all the time. Let 
us know the truth and certainty of the Ihattér; 
and then the public mind will be quieted. It ista 
measure of peace, instead of one of ",var or irri- 
tation. 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it is very diff- 
cult, in discussing the question as to tho proprie$y 
of taking up a resolution, to avoid to scync Oxtent 
the consideration of its merits. I think we have 
',vandered somewhat from. the question befdre the 
Senate—that is, the propriety of adopting the •res- 
olution of ipquiry presented by thé Senator from 
Newr Hamvsbire, [Mr. CLARK.] 
Is it proper that we should call on the President 
to communicate the orders he has given and the 
correspondence he has had in relation to a ft)rt, 
and especially when the circumstances of that 
fort are surrounded by such cxtremcly delicate 
relations as belong to this? If it is improper that 
we should make such an inquiry, there is no 
propriety in taking up thc resolution. 
I propose, 
then, to show that it is improper that we should 
make the inquiry, 
It will be remembered that, under the Confed- 
eration, in the infancy of Our GOvernment,Con- 
cress had the control of the Army. Alarcre porßion 
of the embarrassments which surroundeä military 
operations, during thc war of the Revolution, 
grow out of that fact; and, taught by expenence, 
when our fathers formed a ncw Government, they 
transferred the control of the Army and Navy to 
the P resident. Rut here, while the President is 
conducting the affairs of a garrison, it is proposed 
to institute an inquiry to learn what correspond- 
ence he has had; what orders hc has given; what 
force therc is at the place; and thus to make pub- 
lic thc very facts which, above all others, the 
commander of the Army and Navy should have 
If it were an ordinary 
the power to keep secret. 
case, we might allow it to pass, and Icave the Pres- 
ident to exercise his discretion as to his answer. 
But it is an extraordinary casc. know, as 
tbc Senator from Virginia has said, that •it must 
infiarne the pubiic mind to agitate .the question. 
If thc President is derelict, in his duty in upy ye- 
spect, he is amenable; but ibis in the o_thcr I-louse, 
If the pres- 
not in this, hc should bc arraigacd. 
ident is supposed to be perforlnil)g• his duty in tho 
manner which best conduces to the peace of the 
country,wc should but embarrass him in his op- 
eration.s by interjecting such nn inquiry as is 
proposed. 
"SVhatever the garrison may be—and I belicve 
other side that, if they will not cornmence nn ano•ry 
del)ate, none shall bc commenced on this side, and the whole country has full opportunit.y to know 
what it is—the factis well known that the President 
tl-iC whole matter may go t.o the President, to be 
has not the power to increase it; that he could 
acted on in his discretion. 
Mr. NIASON. Will the Senator allow mea not send a company there without tbc fact bein 
known before the company arrived. 'This woul 
moment? The resentment, the ano•cr, and the 
certainly precipitate action, as it would convey a 
bitterness to which I referred, are not to be in- 
threat, attended by preparation to execatc it, and 
(lulged in debate herc, but spread among the peo- i 
(which I certainly do not ascribe,) I 
i! naturally result in bringing about the very col- 
of the mover, 
ple of the two sections. 'I'hat is what I meant. 
by any indirect action of this sort, to bring about 
hostile collision between different sections of the Mr. CLARK. I do not sce how that can be. lision which every man who loves the peace of 
country, hc ouRht not to press lhe resolution; I W c certainly have the right, and it may be our i his country is now endeavoring to avert. 
duty, to inquire as to the situation of public af- Object be to remove the garrison, that is a ques- 
but, if that be the object of the mover, (which I 
certainly do not impute, to him,) I would respect- 
that wo know that in a very few 
fully submit, 
dayg we shall have cvents presented to the con- 
sidepalion of Congress, in the disposition of which 
in the pleasure of that Senator, or any others who 
think with him, this subject will come directly 
" suffi- 
and practically before Congress. Now, 
cient unto the day is the evil thereof." 
should be determined by this Congress 
that war shall be declared and the public force 
used to cornp&l one or more of these States to con- 
tinne in a Confederacy which they have repudi- 
ated, it would bc n'lore. respectful, more dignified, 
that it should come from gentlemen entertainin" 
those opinions, in a practical form. I have never 
doubted the perföct and indefeasible right of one 
of the States of this Union to detet•mine for her- 
self whether her honor and her safety will admit 
lion the decision of which I thihk properly.xestS 
It may be the right and duty of the Pres- 
fairs. 
ident to communicate that information if, in his with the Executive, and of which. he isa better 
judge than we can bc, even if lie should present 
judgillent, the public interest requires it, or if it 
to us the full record of his correspondence and his 
is not incompatible with the public service. 
If, moreover, he has given such orders 
not propose to discuss the al)stract question of ordcrs. 
to thc commander of that garrison as, being pub- 
the right. of a State to secede. That is not ger- 
mane, it seems to me, to this resolution; but no i, lished,would becomethesubiectofanimadversion, 
perhaps of misconstruction, our inquiry might 
one will deny that the Government has a right 
result in an irreparable injury to tbc public peace 
to manage these forts, and put such a number Of 
men into them as are necessary for the public and future hope of those who look forward to an 
I desire to know whether the President amicable solution of existing difficulties. 
In every view of the case which presents itself 
service. 
has so done, and whether he thinks these forts 
to my mind, it is utterly improper that wc should, 
are so protected. Can it be any damage to the 
under the existinc•p circumstances of the case, in- 
country to know that its public property is suf- i 
It seems to me 
stitutc such an inquiry as this. 
ficiently guarded and taken care of? And I will 
say to the Senators from Virginia that I have had that gentlemen who have argued on the other side 
I had no throughout the whole of this debate—I do not 
no step in my mind, further than that. 
in lent or desire to move a joint resolution such mean this morning alone—have constantly pro- 
Sufficient unto the day" wili ceeded on the supposition that the States belong 
of her longer continuino• in this Confederacy. I ii as they suggest. 
" the evil thereof," if evil must come, when i to theGeneral Government, and that the Army is 
could not doubt it unless I denied to t hc States of be 
held by the General Government, as one of its 
we know what the condition of these forts is. 
do see how. , question of law, any only desire to be informed, and then mark out purposes at least, to control the Slates. Surely 
y course of acfion, and not mark it out before suc x.vas not the intention of those wkiQ framed the 
can be entertained on that qucstion, tunles.s 
I arn iuformed•, and how can I be informed; and Government. When the States divested them- 
who thesc States as an 
can the Senate be informed, unlcss we have selves oft.hcpower to maintain anarmymidanavy, 
rt of a consolidated empire, no 
this information in an offcial way? I do not and gave it to the General Government, it was 
Gor,tv. Nor do I Lil)derstand bow such a 
choose to pay strict att.etlt.ion to thesc reports, or i that thev might be concentrated for the purpose 
position can be maintained, unless it bc by those 
In our lcgislation we ought of common defense; and if a case were to arise in 
who consider that there is a sovereignty in tllis to rely upon them. 
If we listclied i which the Federal troops were to bc employed 
to have something morc definite. 
Governmen Govcrn ment created by t,hc Con- 
if there be a soveteignty in the Gov- il to tho thousand rumors that are afloat, we should against a State, it would. be,a caw.of such palpa- 
stitution. 
