1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
167 
received a letter from the agent hero, which sat- 
;sfies me that, individually, he had no concern in 
this matter; but, there are agents all over the coun- 
try who belong to one body, and a comrnon re- 
sponsibility should attach, to them all. The agent 
here has given me no such assurancc as is satis- 
factory, that the true author of' this fabrication 
will be exposed and punished. Under these cir- 
cumstances, i offer the following resolution, and . 
will allow three or four days to elapse beforc I 
call for action upon it, in order that they may 
have an opportunity of explaining: 
Resol.eed. That the Vice President be requested to ex- 
clude frorn the reporters' gallery of the Senato any reporter 
or reporters who Inay be employed, either part.ially or ex- 
clusävely, by a'ny agent or agents of the associated press. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. With the consent of the 
Senate, I desire to say just one word in regard to 
the personal matter alluded to by the Senator from 
Louisiana. I have received a note from the agent 
of the associated press statii)ff that the dispatch 
the Senator yesterday alludei to was not trans- 
mitted throu«h the associated press of this city, 
and that he is altogether iamnorant of the source of 
It is due to him, I think, that that 
the dispatch. 
fact should be stated. 
Mr. SLIDELL. That is the fact. 
RAILROAD CONNECTION AT WASI.IINGTON„ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thc special 
order assigned for this hour is thc bill (S. No. 
377) to authorize thc BaltinM-n•e and Ohio Railroad 
Company to extend the Washington branch of 
their road to the Potomac river, and across the 
satnc by the extension of the present structure 
known as the Long Bridge, so as to connect with 
the Virginia railroads at that point, That bill, 
Mhowcvcr, is excluded under the rulc from the fact 
that the Senate adjourned yesterday without dis- 
posing certain joint resolution, which is now 
thc first business in order. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Do 1 understand the Chair 
to decide that the special order which I moved 
yesterday takes precedence this morning? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir; t 
Chair deterrnincs that the unfinished business of 
yesterday takes precedence. 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 would ask my friend from 
Ohio to allow rnc half an hour for the considera- 
tion of this bill. 
Mr. PUGH. If the bill could be got through 
without objection or debate, I certainly should not 
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. KING. It can- 
not be. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Well, 1 withdraw my 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first busi- 
ness in order is the joii')t. resolution (S. No. 48) 
proposing amendinents to the Constitution of the 
United Slates. 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 ask whether there, cannot 
that I sl'la}l be allowed to 
be an understanding 
take up this l)ill as soon as the Senator from Ohio 
concludes his remarks ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICEm will be the 
first business in order when this joint resolution 
shall be disposed of. 
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 would to the Sen- 
ator from Mnryland, if he wants to get action on 
his bill, that he had better ask the Schatc to inakc 
it the special order in the morning hour at half 
past twelve o'clock to-morrow, and tbcn wo shall 
occupy half an hour with it without disturbing the 
general question before the Senate. 
Mr. HUN 'INER. I think that is good sug- 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 will acceptit. 
1 ask that 
the bill be made the special order for thc morning-r 
hour to-morrow. 
Mr. CAMERON. That arrangementwill not 
I shall leave town to-morrow on some 
suit me. 
business that cannot postoonc. Besides, we 
shall most likely adjourn over to-Inorrow, and I 
hope we shall then adjourn over to the 1st of 
January. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Then 1 ask, by general i 
that the bill niay• be considered as soon 
consent, 
as the honorable, Senator from Ohio gets throuc_rh 
his rnorn 
NV e can nave no undcr- 
In r. FESSENDEN . 
standing fliaf. sort. 
A MENI)MENTS TO CONSTITUTION. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The unfinished 
business of yesterday is the joint resolution (S. 
No. 48) proposing amendments to the Constitu- 
tion of the United States, on which the Senator 
from Ohio bas the floor. 
Mr. PUGH addressed the Senate. [His speech 
will be published in the Appendix.] 
Mr. NICHOLSON. Mr. President, 1 believe 
it is the general understanding that we shall give 
way to the Senator from Maryland, [MI'. KEN- 
I NEDY•,] and I therefore movc that the further con- 
I siderati01) of this question be postponed, with the 
view of taking up the bill which the Senator from 
I'vlarylnnd desires to have taken up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
the chair.) The question is on postponing the 
joint resolution now .before tl'le Senate. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Did 1 understand from 
the Senator from Tennessee tliat the Senator from 
Mississippi desired to take the floor upon this 
resolution? 
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then, Mr. President, 
before this motion is passed to postpone this res- 
olution, with the leave of thc Senator from Ten- 
nesscc, desire to take the floor to make some 
remarks to the Senate upon this subject; but I 
will yield with the understanding that I shall 
have the floor upon this question to-morrow, or 
when it next comes beforc the Senate. 
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the Senator from 
Wisconsin with reference to myself. The Sen- 
ator from Tennessee proposes to' take the floor, 
but to postpone the immediate consideration of 
the subject, in order that the Senator from Mary- 
land may have a bill considered which he has 
. asked us to consider. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 did not hear the lan- 
guage of the Senator from Tennessee. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on postponing the further consideration of the 
resolution beforc the Senate. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then 1 understand the 
Senator from 'I'ennessee has taken the floor upon 
the question that is pending ? 
Mr. NICHOLSON. Yes, sir; and 1 move to 
postponc it, with a view of allowing thc Senator 
f'rom Maryland to take up the bill indicated by 
The motion to postpone was agreed to. 
WEST POINT COMMISSION. 
Mr. FITCH. With the of the Sen- 
atcn• from Maryland, before his bill conus up, I 
desire to make a few brief reports from thc Com- 
mittee on Printintr. A resolution was referred to 
I the Committee on Printing, which was introduced 
I by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. F00T,] rel- 
ative to the printing of the report of the commis- 
Sion appointed under the eighth section of the 
act of Congress of June 21, 1860, to examine the 
orgtu-)ization and system of discipline and course 
of instruction in the United States Military Acad- 
emy at West Point. They report it back, and 
ask for its adoption. 
'l'hc resolution was considered, and adopted, as 
follows: 
Resolced, 'That fivc thousand additional copies of the 
pointed under the eighth section of the act of Congress of 
June 21, 18150, to examine into the organization, system of 
discipline, and course of instruction, of the United States 
Military Acadetny at West Point, be printed. 
COLUMBIAN INSTITUTION. 
Mr. FITCH. The Secretary of the Interior, 
in asking for the publication of certain reports 
himself, as the. head of that Department, 
omitted to ask for additional numbers of the re- 
port of the pre.sident of tho Columbian Institu- 
tion for thc Deaf and Dumb and the Blind; but has 
to-day made a request that five hundred extra 
conies of that report bc printed. I submit the 
foflowing resolution on the subject: 
Resoh:ed, 'l*hat five hurldred additional copies of the report 
of the president of thc Colu•nbian Institution for the, Deaf 
and and Blind be printed for the use ofthat officer, 
aud s') rnueh of the late annual report of the Secretary of 
Interior reiates to the saine subject be printed therewith. 
The resolution was considered by unanimous 
and acrreed to. 
consent, 
ON INDIAN 
error occurred in a 
FITI'CYI. 
A ciemc.al 
prcv:ous report of (he conunlteee. relative to ex- 
tra numbers of the report of the Commissioner of 
Indian Affairs. The error was that of the clerk 
of the Committee on Printing. It should haye 
asked for two thousand copies; the usual- c*trå 
number, but it erroneously as'kéd for ono thou- 
sand. Isimply move the correction Of the error. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The correction 
can be made by unanimous consent.' The Chait 
hears no objection, and the correction z will be 
made. 
ADMIss10N TO FLOOR. 
Mr. BROWN. Before to the 
sideration of the bill of the Senator from Marye 
land, I ask the adoption of the following resolu- 
tion, xxvhich has relation to the subject: 
Resolved, That the Mayors of Georgetown and Wasl*- 
ington cities be aflowed the privilege of the flour of tho 
Senate on occasions when business relating to the District 
of Columbia is under consideration. 
Thcrc is a marked propriety in the resolution. 
I suppose there will be no objection to _it, and I 
shall not say anything about it. 
I take it for 
granted that everybody will agree to it. 
The resolution was considered by unanimous 
consent, and agreed to. 
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY. 
Mr. PEARCE. I move that when the Senate 
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday 
next. 
Mr. CAMERON. Before the question is put 
on that motion, I desire to suggest that when we 
meet on Monday, we adjourn over again for three 
days, and so continue until the 2d of January. I 
hope that we .may have an understanding of that 
kind, so that gentlemen who desire to gcraway 
can dp so without the likelihood of, 
measures coming up in their absence. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator so ropose to amend the motion ? 
Mr. 8AMERON. do. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate 
prepared for the question on this motion ? 
Mr. DAVIS. I do. not know that we shall 
achieve much good by meeting; but in the pres- 
ent perilous condition of the country, I am not 
willing 10 takc a holiday. I propose that we shall 
continue our sessions good, if God grant it, 
and for evil, if wo will have it so. 
Mr. CAMERON. Ido not apprehend any evil 
from an adjournment of a day or two. I think 
a great deal of good may follow from allowing us 
to go 1101110, and seeing those who sent us here. 
Lct us get the wholesome influences of the fire- 
I sides of our constituents, and the good people 
who are. not in this strife; and let cach onc of us 
spend these Christrnas days as every man ought, 
with his wife, his children, and his grandchildren 
around him. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from 
Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 hope it will be stated. 
I wish to know exactly what the amendment is. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Maryland moved that when .thb Senate ad- 
journs to-day, it adjourn to meet On Monday next. 
The Senator from Pennsylvania moves to amend 
that motion by adding, that when the Senate 
journs on Monday next, it be to the Thursday 
fbllowino••, and when it adjourns on that day, It 
I bc to meet on the föllowing Monday. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 hope that will not be 
done. It will oblige gentlemen who choose to 
If a majority choose to 
attend to stay here. 
adjourn ovcr for one or two weeks, I have no ob- 
jection; but do not like meeting nominally every 
third day. I do not think it fair anyhow. It 
seems to me not to be carrying out that provision 
of the Constitution which provides that an 
adjournment shall not take place for more than 
thi•ee days. 
If we intend to do business, it is in- 
convenient to meet every third day to do it; and 
if we do not intend to do it, it is an evasion of 
that clausc of the Constitution. 
Mr. MASON. Let the amendment be reported 
by the Secretary. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. will be read. 
The Secre.tary read it, as föllows: 
'I'hat when the Senate adjourns on Monday bé 
to 'l'hm•sday•, and that when Senate adjourns on 
'?hursday. it bp to tbc Monday fbilowing. 
A:fr. I confess I am not satis- 
fied with this mode of adj0ülü')ing over the holi- 
days. If we are going tc adjourn *over the holi- 
days, let us pass a joint resolution, and have' it 
