158 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Decen)ber 20, 
concurred in by the House, and let us all adiourn 
I dislike this -moue of 
and go home together. 
getting around the constitutitional provision. I 
would rather, myself, go for a joint resolution to 
over. 
{Ir. DOUGLAS. I "trust we shall hot adjourn 
I begin to feel now that there is for 
over. 
the country. We have seen thc hearts of påtriotg 
of adverse •parties moved in this Senate Chamber, 
and, after the speech that we have heard s and t.he 
tone of feeling that I find, I think we had better 
keep in session.' I know we do not feel like going 
abroad and enjoying a holiday, I trust there 
may bc something done to restore peace to the 
country. This is a good time to do it, and I hope 
we shall remain in session. 
Mr. CAMERON. I am very sorry to see the 
Constitution brought in upon all occasions and 
on every question, even on a question of a.d.jotu•n- 
ino• over'. My God! cannot we take a recess for 
two or three days. without being told that the 
country is in (Ian.«rer? I do not see, the danger. 
" I'his body was never in a better humor with idself 
than it is now, and I an) satisfied that after a finv 
days' we shall come back liking cach 
other a great deal better. No harm can come 
from it, and I tl•fink a gfeat deal of good. 
fear its dissolution, I have too much faith in the motion. 
I wanted to do so before, but could not 
good sense and virtue and intelligence and the I gct an opportunity. 
patriotism of the whole of this country, to be- 
STATE or COUNTRY. 
lievc that it is going to be ruined at the biddin«y 
b I Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President— 
of a few politicians, or a few madmen who are 
i The VICE PRESIDENT. The from 
not politicians, in any portion of the country. I 
Maryland will allow the Chair to announce the 
believe in the overruling power of Providence 
special committee directed to be raised to consider 
I which has this great country in its charge; and J 
believe in the good sense of the people; and I 
that portion of the President's Inessac•e which re- 
therefore do not fear the perpetuity of this great lates to the disturbances of the country, and, with 
the leave of the Senate, he will make a single re- 
country. It is too great, and it is too valuable, 
to be huckstered about or to be destroyed by pol- 
iticians of any grade, [Applause in the galleries.] 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As to the remark which 
I made in reference to the adjournment over from 
this time until next Monday, and then over again 
until Thursday, and then acrain until Monday, I i 
desired, if we should take such a recess, that we 
should adjourn by joint resolution and moot, the 
question fairly, so that if the House should con- 
cur with us, those who desire to go home may I 
have an opportunity to do so. It docs not con- 
sult my personal convenience. For myself, I 
shall reli)ain here during the whole of this period 
if the Senate docs adjourn; and would just as 
mark. r I' he Chair has found a great deal of diffi- 
culty in framing the committee, but has tried to 
compose it in the spirit which he believes actuated 
the Senate in ordering its appointment. 
be observed that upon this committee are two Sen- 
ators fi•om one Sta te. This ',vas unavoidable. Of 
course the author of the resolutions becomes the 
chairman of the committee; and I am sure the 
Senate will, for many reasons, recoonize the fact 
that it was proper that the eminent senior Senator 
from Kentucky should also be a member of that 
connnittee.. The Secretary will read it. 
The Secretary read the committee, as follows: 
Mr. POWELL, Mr. HUNTER, Mr. CRITTENDEN,. 
Mr. SEWARD, Mr. T00MBs, Mr. D0üGLAs, Mr. 
i soon be in session every day as to have a n ad- 
journment at all. My objection to mode I COLLAMER, Mr. DAvrs, Mr. WADE, Mr. BIGLER, 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, be of adjournment. 
rejoiced to see the Constitution not only brought I shall pass this body, so that it may be concurred 
in by the House of Representatives, if we can 
I think if we 
I desire that a joint resolution 
in, but obeyed, in all instances. 
wöitld pay a little more regard to observing it 
with fidelity, there would be-more peace and a 
bettet feeling in the country. I did desire, by 
my remarks, to stir up any unkind feeling. 
I believe there 
believe this country is in (lallgcr. 
must be conciliation and concession , or civil war. 
I h uvc approached tl•iis question not as a partisan, 
prepared to exhaust 
as a pat.riot, 
but, [ trust, 
every ell-orb for coriciliation before I would con- 
ten-il)tatc, for nn instant, revolution, violence, and 
I hope that I shall not l.)e u nder the 
bloodshed. 
nocessity of even defending myself 0k' the party 
fronu the unjust, uspcr- 
with whotn I have acted, 
I would 
been thrc_) wn it. 
sions that have 
l. am willing 
rather throw away partisan fi*eling. 
to meet this question in a spirit frec frorn all com- 
I fun ready to meet it if I 
mittaEs or [he past. 
had never bee_n in the body, hud never given 
vote or madc a s )eech that would cml.)arrasS Ine 
in my action in t}he fature. 
hope, therefore, that 
we may bc permitted to congratulato the Senate 
upon the good feeling I l)at. was pervading it, wit.h- 
out the intimation, the tatN)t, that the Constitu- 
tiou was in danger, as if' il was 110t duty to 
save our country rather than run off for the holi- 
Mr. MASON. must confess, Mr. President, 
that my personal feelings would be very much ill 
fu vor of tin adjournmen for t.he holidays; and yet 
I nm not at. liberty to vote it. I hope we shali 
adjourn over to Monday; but. I rnust., with every 
reluctal'lc.e, vote ao•atnst further ad inu rnent•, 
not. t.hat concur willi the Senutor Illinois, 
that. anything can be done herc or 
branch Qi' (,ongress to su vc the Union dis- 
bat. I know that events are in proo ress 
i 1 unwis•c 
, in my iudsnnent, would Inakc 
ill vacation just Do not 
for Congress to be 
I ani not for a dissolu- 
let mc bc misunderstood. 
tion of Ibis as long as the safely and the 
hono'r of' some of lhe States of' this Union can bc 
preserved in it; but, I repeat again, the Union 
cannot be Eit•eserved by anythitig to be dono in 
either House of Congress. 
It must be done in 
the States, and in the States alone. 
I thought it 
right to say thus much, lest, after hearing the 
views of the Senator, and not taking a part in the 
discussion, and voting with him a«yainst the ad- 
journment, my opinions might be misunderstood 
my own State or elsewhere. 
I believe therc 
are events in progress which would make it un- 
wise that Congress should be in vacation. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 desire to say a word in 
reply to the Senator from Illinois. I hardly know 
how to reply, for I •wras not certain whether his 
rern„grks applied to me or not. 
If he meant to 
apply them to me, or the State which i represent, 
and if' he talks about not being wiltingr to makc 
concessions, sav to him that f, and everybody 
tny'Scat(b, will go as far to make 
concessions, so far as those col')cc.sslons are hon- 
orable, as anybody will; but I do not bclievc that 
this is the tirne or the occasion to talk about what 
we are goi1'i(F to do to save this Union. 
I do not 
determine to ad'ourn for that length of timc. 
Mr. POWEdL. 1 hope, sir, that we may 
adjourn for the holidays, either by joint resolu- 
tion or otherwise. 
I regret that I cannot concur 
with the, h0E)orable Senator from Pennsylvania, 
who says that this body Was never in better ' 
I trusb the remark of the gen- 
humor with itself. 
tleman is true; but really, sir, the events that have 
transpired this Hall causc tne to differ widely 
from that sentiment. He says he thinks it would 
be better for us to go home and consult our con- 
If the Senator should be right in his 
stituents. 
remark , that 'wve on good terrns with oursel ves, 
I think we shoe-Ild find that our constituents would 
I not be on vct•y good ternn.s with us if we ad- 
left the country in its present im- 
journ and 
I think it is 
and c ba trassed condition. 
our duly to stay here, to stand firn-liy to our posts, 
in power to save th:s dis- 
arHl d D eve rything 
tracted country, now upon t.ho vertre of ru tn. 
r I'he gentlomun says I.e. has no fears. 
that I concur in that. I have often feared, 
I believe this Union, this country, this Gov- 
ernment, is upon the crest of a volcano that may 
Mr. RICE, Mr. DOOLITTLE, and MI'. GRIMES. 
Mr. DAVIS. I merely wish to say, before 
from scrvie.e on that committee. The position 
which I am known to occupy, and the position 
in which the State I represent now star)ds, ren- 
ders it altogether impossible for mc to serve upon 
that connuittee with any prospect of advantage. 
Mr KENNEDY. Mr. President, the bill now 
before the Senate 
Mr. DAVIS. to be excused. 1 ask 
that that motion be put to the Senate, in order 
that I may be excused. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair 
stood the Senator to say that, after the Senator 
from Maryland had finished his speech, before 
Senatc adjourrjcd, he '•,vould ask to be ex- 
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; 1 merely asked to be 
excused on the moment, without going into any 
ren so ns. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'The Senator from 
Mississippi asks to be excused from service on 
this special conna'litte.e. 
'I'he question being put, Mr. DAvrs was ex- 
cuscd. 
RAILROAD CONNECTION AT WASHINGTON. 
erupt any day and ingulf ns ail in ruin. 
is our Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, the bill now 
duty, as patriots, to stand here and do all we can 
before the Senate 
to save the country; and unless we do it, 
in my Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish to inquire whether 
ji.ldgment, we shall not act in such a manner us 
there is any bill bcfore the Senate? Has it been 
LO Ineet the just expectations of the patriot people 
taken up 
of' this country. I hope that there will be no ad- Mr. KENNEDY. I understood therc was. I 
iourntnent, but that we shall come up and do understood it, was read. 
I was absent. 
enn to save the 
country, and exhaust 
w bat. we 
IVIu•. FESSENDEN. 1 think not. 
power and acquit ou rselves 
Mr. KENNEDY. if not, I move to take up 
every Inca ns In ou r 
in such a lilanner as to Ineet the approval of our 
bill (S. No. 377) to authorize the Baltimore 
constituet)ts, of liberty- lovinff mon throughout the and Ohio Cotnpany to extend the Wash- 
world, and, I believe, of God, W'h() has 
branch of [I'leir road to the Potomac river, 
tinies of' nations in His hands. 
and across the same, by tbc extension of the 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, 1 rise simply present structure known as Long Bridge, for 
to ask whether this debate is in order, in accord 
the purpose ()t' connecting with the Virginia rail- 
ance with the understanding that was had this E 
roods at tbat point. 
I carne in the Chamber a 
morning? I believe it •.vas c.oucedcd upon the part few rnomcnts since, and understood that the bill 
of' the Senate that we should take up a certain biil 
was taken up. 
Mr. POWELL. I understood it was taken up 
after the speech of the honorable Senator from 
Ohio. r Ikhe debate now seems to be going off' into on the n)0tion of the Senator from 'I'cnnessee. 
a wider field, utterly disregarding what I conceive i Mr. KENNEDY. So I understood when I 
to be the understanding, to consider a bill of very came n) . 
I should like to take a vote on it, 
The PRESIDENT. The Chairhas not 
fft•eat Inornent.. 
because I am extremely anxious to have it con- I been in his seat for several hours, but he under- 
side red. 
stands this bill was made a special order for one 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thc proposi- 
o'clock to-day; and that by an understanding of' 
tions to adjourn over were in order, and the Chair , 
the Senate, it was •to bc called u l) after the Sena- 
was obliged to entertain them. 
tot' frotn Ohio had concluded his speech. 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am satisfied that three fourths 
therefore, before the Senate, unless some motion 
of thg mmnbers of this body are opposed to an be made. 
adjournment over, and if Mary-I Mr. FESSENDEN. know, 
land will let us have a vote, we will so decide. 
in order that I might malcc a sucrgestion to the 
Mr. KEINNEDY. I ask for a vote on the ques- Senator from Maryland. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The question i 
i is on the offered bv the Senator frorn 
Pennsylvania to the Inotion of the Senator fi•onl 
Maryland. 
The amendment was rejected. 
Mr. PEARCE. Now, sir, 1 withdraw the other 
Mr.NICHOLSÖN. 1 made the motion to take 
u 1) the bili myself. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Did it the 
Senate ? 
Mr. NICHOLSON. Yes, sir. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do 1 understand that the 
bill is now before the Senate ? 
