THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
they stand upon an equality with the.judgcs of the 
court of common pleas of the State of Ohio. An 
appeal going from those courts lies to the cir- 
Ouit court of the United States in the State. Cer- 
tainly that circuit court is not of higher grade than 
the supreme court of the State. The salary of 
the judges ofthc court of common pleas is $1,500 
annually, and their duties are much more arduous 
than those of the district judges in the State. 
S 
a general rule the judges of the court of com on 
pleas have more cases, more labor, and e ploy 
more time in the discharge of. their du s, than 
the 4istrict judges of the United Sta s courts. 
'The district judges of the United ates courts 
now receive $2,500 ore than is 
received by the judges of the c rt of common 
pleae. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Marylan 
I would inquire 
of thc gentleman from Ohio whether hc considers 
$1,500 a reasonable compensation for the services 
of those judges; and if he does not, whether he 
considers that a proper argument against increas- 
fing the salaries of the judges of the district courts 
of "the United States in Ohio? 
Mr. STANTON. The Legislature of the State 
of Ohio is the proper of what is an adequate 
compensation for the judicial officers of the State. 
My objection is not to the fact that the salary is 
too high or too low; but there ought always to 
be a reasonable and fair proportion between the 
salaries of the State and the salaries of the Fed- 
eral offcers. Now, because the Federal Govern- 
ment is able to pay higher salaries to its officers, 
is no reason why we should adopt a line of policy 
that is calculated to degrade the State tribunals, 
and bring them into the contempt of the people of 
the State, and withdraw their confidence in the 
State government. 
I am a State-rights mari, and 
in favor of maintaining the honor and dignity of 
the State. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the gen- 
tleman from Ohio whether tho district judges are 
not required to discharge certain extra duties in 
the absence of the circuit judges? 
Mr. STANTON. Ceriainly. The salaries of 
the supreme court judges of the State are $3,000 
per annum. 
Mr. PENDLETON. would ask the gentle- 
man if the salary of the judge of tho cornmon pleas 
court in Cincinnati not $2,500? 
Mr. STANTON. 1 understand that busi- 
ness. The county of Hamilton, which includes 
Cincinnati, pays the judges of that particular dis- 
trict, out of its county treasury, a salary over and 
above what is paid them out of the State treasury, 
and in that way they realize a larger salary; and 
if, all over the State, the judges had the same sal- 
aries, there would be a propriety in putting the 
district judges on the same footing; but I do not 
think it is proper to adopt such a policy as will 
not maintmn the dignity and respectability of the 
State tribunals. The judges sliould not be de- 
graded by being put in a subordinate position by 
boing paid lower salaries than is paid to the Fed- 
eral offcers. 
Now, sir, I do not believe you will have any 
diMculty in getting judges at the present rate of 
salary. They are appointed for life, and if the 
present judges are not satisficd with $2,500, let 
them resign. There are plenty of gentlemen who 
will take the offees at that price, and I do not 
believe that either of these judges could make half 
as much money in the practice of the law. 
This thing of crying out about the smallness 
of the salaries of men who hold life offices, is 
all nonsense while they continue to hold them. 
There is no compulsion. There is no obligation 
resting upon them to retain their offices. They 
can resign, and there arc plenty of gentiemen who 
will take the places for the same salaries, and 
discharge the duties with quite as muclH1bility as 
'Ihey are very clever gen- 
these gentlemen do. 
tlemen, büt they by no means belong to the 
rank in the profession in Ohio—neiiher of them; 
and my colleague will not deny that. 
I hope the 
bill will not pass. 
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, 1 hope that 
11 
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1860. 
this bill will pass. 
It does but justice to the men 
who hold the offices to which the salary is in- 
tended to apply. It only puts them upon the same 
grade, so fat as that district is concerned from 
which I come, as our own judges; and it pays 
them a compensation for their service correspond- 
ing with that which gentlemen of equal rank in 
the profession hold ing ourcountyjudgeships have. 
It does nothing more. 
I call the attention of the gentlemap and of the 
House to the fact that while we propose to in- 
crease the salaries of these iudges, we impose apon 
them additional labors. We fequire the:n to hold 
two additional terms of their courts in 
parts of t.he State in each year—one at Columbus 
and one at Toledo; and it is a notorious fact, so 
far as the southern district of Ohio is -concerned, 
that the judge of that court performs as much 
labor as any other judge in the State; perhaps 
more. He has less vacation, less time for atten- 
tion to his private affairs; he has less opportunity 
to recuperate his health and strength than any 
other judge in the State. 
I have placed in the hands of my colleague on 
the Judiciary Committee [Mr. BINGHAM] a state- 
ment, verified by the clerk of the court, showino• 
how many days in each year he has been com- 
pelled, for a number of years past, to hold his dis- 
trict court, and, in the absence of Judge McLean 
in other States, to hold the circuit court likewise. 
Mr. STANTON. Is not my colleague aware 
that ali the judges of the supreme court of the 
State are taxed to their utmost energies, and that 
they cannot discharge their duties and do all the 
business; tl')at the cases on the docket of the su- 
preme court are accumulating; that the judges 
do as rnuch work as they cun by any possibility 
do, and that they cannot keep up with the docket? 
How, then, can he say that the district judge does 
more than they do? 
Mr. PENDLETON. Because 1 believe he 
docs more work. 'That is the reason. 
I say 
that the judges of the supreme court of the Slate 
of Ohio have as much work as they ought to 
have; they have more; they are not able properly 
to do all the work devolved on them; but my coi- 
league knows that it is not compulsory on them 
to hold district courts in the different counties. 
I have known cases in my own county svhere a 
supreme judge has 110t been present during a 
wholc term of the district court. They can omit 
that part of their duty. There is nothing com- 
pulsory on them in that respect, and they do 
frequently omit the performance of it. That is 
not the case, however, with the United States 
district judge. He sits alone; there is nobody to 
take his place, and it is notorious in our-scct.ion 
of the State that thc district judge is obliged to 
hold his district and circuit courts more days in 
the year, I believe, than any other judge in the 
State. 
Now, sir, my colleague says that he would not 
have tlue salaries of corresponding officers higher 
in thc Federal Government than in the State gov- 
ernmcnts. My friend was probably here when 
the compensation of members of Congress was 
increased. Did he forget that he stands only on 
a par with tbe members of the State Legisiaturc 
at home, and that they receive no such compen- 
sation as we do? It will not do to Carry this 
thing throughout. The gentleman himself would 
not do it, and I appeal to the House not to give to 
that argument greater weight than it iseutitled to 
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman will permit 
I desire to I 
rne to makea remark at that point. 
say that i voted against the bill increasing the 
pay of members of Congress precisely on the 
principle that opposed to increasing the pay 
of Federal judges, bécause I did not want Fed- 
eral offc.ials of any description paid so much 
higher tl'kan Stale officials; and I would vote to-. 
day to put the, compensation of members of Con- 
gress back where it {vas before that bill passed. 
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 have doubt my 
colleague hus been very consistent, in his votes. 
Has hc bcen quite as consistent in his action un- 
I der the law, for that is within his control, cer- 
C. RIVES, WASHING(iON, C. 
SERies...;..N.o: 
tainly? ThO' question -is suggested to me 
not the President of- the ha.vé:tä 
little more compensation than üe Governor.ot•fa 
State? 
But, Mr: Speaker, let ns go a little further: 
you impose upon the judges of somc- of' these 
courts the necessity of living in a city: like -Cin- 
cinnati, where utoriously the expense of' •livin"o 
is double what 'it is in the; töwn from which: my 
colleague comes. - Will you give them. the 
same salary, when you create -a necessity for 
double expense. 
NOW, a noere matter of: iuStiee; 
is a matter that appeals to the justice Otfthe Houseb 
Shall the judges of the:Federal courts within the 
State of O'hio be put upon 
judges in- the surrounding States?d' Will-you-give 
them- salary enough to enable them. 
cently and properly, and place- thenY?upon zai•i 
equal footing With the judges off the 'tate- cou-rt•s 
in these localities? ; The argument of rhy col}eaguo 
would require the judge in, the.ci!y of Cincinnati, 
who holds courts three hundred and forty days 
out of the three hundred and sixty-five, or three 
hundred, omitting Sundays, (laughter,] and is 
subjected to all the expenses attendant upon city 
life, -to do that and receive no moré pay than {f 
he. lived and held courts in the town where my 
colleague resides. I did not mean, by what ÉI 
said just now, to chargeJudge Leavitt with hold* 
ing court on Sunday; but I mean to say thai, 
omitting Sundays,-he holds; eaurt more days- in, 
the year than any other judge -in the State. 
Mr. COX. Mr.. Speaker, ,hold in my hand 
a certificxte from the clerk of the circuit and dis- 
trict courts for the southern district ofOhiö. I:can 
thcreforc speak, from statistics,•: as:to -the laböF8 
performed by the judge for. that•.district•, Froi 
this paper it appears that thoinumbeli of cases on 
the dockets of the circuit and district courts on 
the 1st of October, 18.58, was 322; in chanOery; 
43; at common law, 236; in-admiralty, 29; crim- 
inal cases, 14; judgmentsentered during that:time 
155; jury trials within that year, 98; amount ot 
judgments rendered, $244,592 37. T.he number 
of days court was in session' from October L 
1858, to October I, 1859, was 222; the ,number of 
days the court has been in session from October 
l, 1859, to March 20, 1860-, is 94. Leaving out 
the Sabbaths, this would be as much actual-serviee 
as any judge ought to perform for the proposed 
salary. 
Now, I believe that no iudge of the Ohio State 
courts does more than haif as much business as 
is performed by tlE district judge at Cineinnfiti", 
and this bill proposes to impose upon .himtaddi•. 
tional duties and other burdens. This sjqdgel•is 
to hold a courtat Columbus. Thére •will thereby 
bo a •largo expense saved •to the people of: the cen- 
tral- part of the State in- their. litigation, by this pro• 
vision. The capitol ofObiowas formerly the seat 
of the United States cöurt. 
It was only removed 
thence in 1854. The State of Ohio and the city 
of Columbus, for twenty years, furnished, free of 
rent, a •building for this United States court, and 
the Offccrs thereof. A business connected with 
the Uni ted States courts, in patent cases especially, 
grew up in the center of Ohio, to settle which at 
Cincinnati has been a large expense to litigants 
and witnesses. The increase of the salary of the 
judges proposed by this bili will thus have its am- 
ple consideration. My colleague [Mr. STANTON] 
says that hc is opposed to this increase ofxsalaty, 
and that he was opposed to the bill increasing 
the compensation of membcrs of Congress. Bui 
I,vould he vote just now to cut it down? am, 
afraid my colleague would -not go into the offce 
of the Sergean t-at-Arms voluntarily-and-pay back- 
the money he has received in thc shapc Of addi-.- 
tional compensation ! 
But, sir, has my colleague looked into this busi-,- 
ness which the Com rnittee on the Judiciary(liås 
inquired into so carefully? Has he.examinedthey 
tables, from both of these districts, showing, the 
business in these•courts? Or. has he -opposed, the 
bill, as I think, inconsiderately 2 Heosays that 
there ought to bea tariffOfsalarieSfixed, so as to 
