1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL 
the House was a bill to run the boundary line be- 
tween Texas and Mexico. You may say that 
they both related to the public lands of the United 
States; but they were not even so far 
that they both related to the Territories; because 
Texas was a State at that time, admitted into the 
Union, and the bill before the House '.vas one to 
provide for running the boundary 'line between 
her and Mexico. T hc Speaker held that inas- 
much as both bills covered the onc great subject 
of the territory acquired from Mexico, a.nd inas- 
much as a portion of that territory vvrould have to 
be acted on with reförence to the boundary be- 
tween Texas and Mexico, it was germane within 
the rule. 
Mr. BRANCH. Those cases are, of course, 
no way similar to the case •now pending before 
the House, and it is hard to draw a parallel be- 
tween them, although it is very obvious that when 
a bill was pending before the House to dispose of 
the territory acquircd from Mexico, a bill pro- 
posing to establish one government out.ofa part 
of that territory, was relevant to a bill to provide 
a government for another part of it. 
The polnt, however, is this: that the i•ules of 
the House require that there shall be relevancy 
between the subject-matter proposed to be stricken 
out and the subject-matter proposed to be in- 
serted. The titles of the bills that [ have read to 
the Chair show distinctly that they are for totally 
different, distinct obiccts. One proposes to give 
lands in alternate sections for the building of a 
railroad in Nebraska, and the grant is made to 
the Territory itself; the other proposes to give 
lands, not to a Territory, not to a State, to enable 
them to build a railroad, but to a company of 
it is not 
private individuals named in the bill; 
even legislation forthe solc purpose of making a 
railroad; it is a bill to provide for thc transport- 
ation qf the mails and of naval and military stores 
between the Atlantic, and Pacific. You might 
just as well claim that a bill granting lands to the 
of Nebraska is relevant to and could 
bc moved as an amendment to the General Post 
Offco bill or to the post route bill that is passed 
here at each sessio» of Congress. A railroad is 
spoken of in the bill proposed as an amendment 
by the gentleman Iowa, but that is not the 
primary object of the bill at all; the buildincr of 
a railroad is not the ostensible object of his Bill; 
but the transportation of the mails and of muni- 
tions of war between the Atlantic and Pacific; and 
the object of the bill to which it is offered as an 
amendment, is to provide solely and exclusively 
for the building of a railroad in the Térritory of 
Nebraska. In every instance in which the House 
has decided that these bills have been relevant, it 
has been whcrc the one proposed as an amend- 
ment was similar in its objects and similar in the 
means by which it proposcd to attain those ob- 
jects to the one It was proposed to strike out. * 
I do think, NIr. Chairman, that upon an ex- 
amination of thcsc bil\s, the Chair cannot Ilesitate 
in the opinion that they are unlike, that t.hey are 
irrelevant; and if we establish now that this amend- 
ment is in order, my friend from Indiana, [Mr. 
COLFAX,] the chairman of the Committee on the 
Post Office and Post Roads, may expect to see all 
the railroad bifls fastened on to his post route 
bill at the close of the session, or fastened on to 
the general appropriation bill for carrying on the 
postal service, or fastened on, to the military ap- 
propriation bill, or any other. The object of the 
bill proposed by the gentleman from Iowa is not 
solely or even mainly to build a railroad, accord- 
ing to its title; but it is to provide for the trans- 
portation of mails and of munitions of war be- 
tween the Atlantic and the Pacific. regret that 
I have consumed so much time upon this ques- 
tion, and will not further occupy the attention of 
the committee. 
Mr. CURTIS sought the floor. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to re- 
mind the committee that debate is not in order; 
but the Chair will hear the gentleman if the com- 
mittee do not object. 
No objection was made. 
Mr. CURTIS. 'I wish to say, in reply to the 
argument of the oentleman from North Carolina 
that the two biffs are not irrelevant, that I can 
hardly imagine how two bills could be more rele- 
vant. In the first place, as to the persons to whom 
the grant is to be made: the original bill is a bill 
to grant lands to a territory—a quasi-corporation; 
my amendment is to grant lands to a corporation; 
so that in that they resemble each other. 
In the 
next place, the original bill grants alternate sec- 
tions of land; the amendment grants alternate Sec- 
tions of land; so that in that they resemble each 
other. And finally, the object of the original bill 
is to build a railroad; and obviously the object of 
thc amendments proposed is to build a railroad. 
No matter what the title of the bill is, it is clear, 
from the whole text, that the object of the bill is, 
as was said by the gentleman who made the point 
oforder, to build two railroadsto the Pacific ocean. 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from ln- 
diana [Mr. DAVIS] raises the question Of order 
that the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa 
is not relevant to the bill, and is therefore out of 
order'; and hc had the 48th rule readj wMchis ds 
follows: 
No motion-or proposition on subject different from that 
under consideration shall be admitted under color of amend- 
ment. No bill or resolution shall, at any time, be amended 
by annexing thereto, or incorporating thercWith, any ottvr 
bill or resolution pending before the House." 
The Chair understood that to be the point of 
order raised. The overrules -the point of 
order on the question of relevancy, and would 
refer to the Manual prepared by the clerk, Mr. 
Barclay, and cited by the gentleman from New 
York, [Mr. SICKLES:] 
A bill granting lands to a State for railroad purposes 
may be amended by adding thereto a similar provision for 
other States." 
Novv', the original bill provides for a grant of 
lands in alternate sections for the purpose of build- 
ing a railroad on the western side of the-Missouri 
river; the amendment proposed provides for grant- 
ing alternate sections of land for the building of 
a railroad also on the west side of the Missouri 
river; for the same purpose, only more extended. 
The Chair therefore holds that the amendment 
is germane to the original bill. The title of the 
bill forms no part of it, and the amendme.nt has 
no title. Nothing can be argued from the title of 
a bill as to relevancy. 
Mr. DAVIS, of-Indiana. Justa word, sir. One 
bill grants alternate sections of public land to a 
Territory, or future State; the other bill is for a 
totally different purpose, and is for the construc- 
lion of two Pacific railroads and a grant of money 
out of the Treasury of the United States to pay 
for the construction of these roads; and it places 
the power of constructing them in the hands ofa 
corporation. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to 
the gentleman, with the permission of the com- 
mittce, that he bases his decision upon the general 
purposes of the proposed legislation. The general 
purpose of these grants of land is to build rail- 
roads; and the mode and manner in which it is 
to be donc do not affect the question of relevancy. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. With all due respect 
to the Chair, I take an appeal from his decision-. 
The CHAIRMAN. Thcgentleman from Indi- 
ana [Mr. DAY1s] raises the question-of order, that 
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowæ[Mr. 
CURTIS] is the same as a bill now pending before 
the House. 'Ehe Chair would inquire of the gen- 
tlcman from Iowa if that is the case? 
Mr. REAGAN. Have we reached the amend- 
ment of the gentleman from Iowa? 
The CHAIRMAN. That is the amendment 
upon which the point of order is raised, as the 
Chair understands; and the Chair now inquires, 
for information, of the gentleman from Iowa, if 
his amendment is the same as any bill now pend- 
ing before the House? 
Mr. CURTIS. It is not. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I withdraw that branch 
of my question, a.nd put it upon the point of rel- 
evancy, which is clearz enough. 
The CHAIRMAN. The raises the 
point of order that the amendment is not germane 
io the original bill. The Chair has overruled the 
point of order, and the gentleman from Indiana 
now appeals from the decision of the Chair. 
Mr. MA Y NARD. I desire information upon 
the point, whether the amendment of the gentle- 
man from Iowa is the same as House bill No. 
835. He says it is not. That is negative inform- 
ation. Before I can vote intelligently on this point, 
1 want to know what his amendment is. 
Mr. CURTIS. My amendmeht is simi*ar to 
that bill, but not the same. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state 
that that biåneh of tÅe 
withdrawn by the 
Vöint of order as it stdndshöi' ié'siihp.ljVhéfher*' 
the amendment iS gei•manc to 
Mr. MAYNARD* still 1 insist 
right to know what'the proposed 
We are told, is notrthé 
House bill No. 835. In order to décidelwheéthetü 
it is germane to the •original bill;- we'rnti$t k*iåw 
what its lu•aseolog is. 
The CBAIRMAK. The poihtGforderraided 
by Athé gentleman from -Indiana is notrin-. 
tion to this; and the Chaii• can only decide- dnge 
point of order •at a' time. When that is -dispOied 
of, the gentleman Will entitled to hiS øoihtä 
of order. The question now is: '"Shitlt the dédis:• 
iÖh of the Chair stand as the jtidgmeni of the2 
committee 
Thé queStion wäs- taken; and' decision rof 
the Chatr Was afirmed•. 
The CHAIRMAN.: 
ceed to read the amendment iropösedbyihe geh- 
tleman from Iowa, tMY.,CtEéQ1s',} 
The Clerk commenced to read 'the3same. 
Mr. REAGAN: I want to know whether 
iS being read by sections for amend)riént. If SO, 
I have some amendments to propose:to it. 
The CHAIRMAN. 
ment, and cannot be read by sections for amend" 
ment. 
Mr. REAGAN. I want to know whether the 
object is to put in an entire railroad bill, involving 
$100,000,000, without giving the Representatiyes 
of the people an opportunity to amend it? 
Mr. SCOTT. I call the gentleman fi'om Texas 
to order. Debate is not in order. 
Mr. REAGAN. I am inquiring as to a point- 
of order, and am not debating. 
Mr. SCOTT. 1 call thé order. 
Debate has been closed on this bill. 
Mr. REAGAN. I want information from the 
Chair, I am entitled to know whåt is beingdone. 
That is what I rise for. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has given the 
information asked bv the gentleman. 
Mi. REAGAN. r have not got it, and not 
permitted to ask for it. 
Thé CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated that 
the amendment of the gentleman from 'Iöwa, to 
strike out and insert, not being divisible, is not 
open to amendment, because it is itself an amend- 
ment in the second degree. 
Mr. REAGAN. Will we then be permitted, if 
that be adopted as a substitute, to move to arngnå 
The CHAIRMAN. It will not be open for 
amendment, as it is one entire amendment. 
Mr. REAGAN. Then the fact is, that we are 
called upon to vote on the mostimportant bill that 
ever came before the American Congress, while 
we are prevented, by a trick, from either discuss; 
ing or amending it. 
Mr. SICKLES I call the gentleman from 
It iS not 'in order for him to 
Texas to order. 
charge the Hoiige with -béiiig engaged'in a: crick, 
Mr. REAGAN. I say It is a contemptible 
-trick. 
Mr. SCOTT. 1 call the gentleman to order. 
The CHAIRMAN. debate is in order. 
Mr. CURTIS. I Want to know what the gen- 
tleman from Texas said about contemptible?" 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to ask a 
question for information. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave to 
suggest that inquiry in the nature of debate is not 
in order. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I merely desire to 
make an inquiry of the Chair. I think this thing 
ought noh to be put thi•ough in this way. I think 
it ought to receive some little consideration in this 
committee. I want to know whether it would be 
in order, at this stage, to offer an amendment to 
that which is now being read? 
The CHAIRMAN. Thé amendment now 
being read is an amendment in the second degree; 
and the gentleman from Indiana knows the -ruleS 
of the House well enough to be awaro- that--åii 
amendment in the second deggee is noi'ämend* 
ab\e. 
Mr. DAVIs, of Indiana. •Then wii13it be in 
order, after this amendment shall-have been read; 
to move an amendment:to it? 
The CHAIRMAN. This ari amendment to 
