166 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 20, 
strike out and insert, and therefore is not divisi- before the committee, and was open to, amend- 
ble, and cannot be amended. Whatever is in- ment. The amendment of the gentleman from 
sected by avote of the committee cannot be after- Ohio ••.vas an amendment in the first degree. The 
wards stricken out. But if the amendment shall 
be rejected, then the amendment of the gentleman 
from Ohio [Mr. SHERM».I] will be read. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Then I understand 
this whole movement. 
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to make an inquiry 
of the Chair. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear an 
inquiry, but hopes that it will be a simple inquiry, 
and not a discussion. 
Mr. REAGAN. 1 want to know whether the 
rule does not require that the arnendment offered 
by the gentlemen from Ohio [Mr. SHERMAN] shall 
be •read for amendment before we are called upon 
to vote on the substitute? 
'The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood 
that the committee did not desire to have the 
amendment of •the gentleman from Ohio read. 
After the vote shall be taken on striking out and 
inserting the a-inendment of the' gentleman from 
Iowa, then the vote will be on the amendment 
offered by the gentleman from Ohio. 
Mr. REAGAN. Now, I beg to state what I 
I thought that 
was trying all the time to state. 
thc Clerk was reading the amendment of the gen- 
tleman from Ohio; and hence it was that I asked 
it to be read by sections for amendment, so that 
it might bc perfected before tho vote was taken 
on the substitute of the gentleman from Iowa. 
That was what I was insisting on all the time. 
The CHAIRMAN. If the amendment of the 
gentleman from Iowa be adopted, then no amend- 
But if this amend- 
ment to it will bc in order. 
ment shall bc voted down, the amendanent of the 
gcntlcman frotn Ohio will comc up for the action 
and a 
of the committee. It will bc read through, 
if it be substitntcd for 
vote will be l)nd upon it. 
the original bill, then it is the bill which will bc 
reported to thc House; but if it be voted down, 
then the original bill will be reported. 
Mr. REAGAN. I hope I witl not be consid- 
cred as trespassincrunnecessarily on thc attention 
of the, Chair. All that I want is a correct under- 
I understand now, that 
standing of this matter. 
the Chair decides that the. amendment of tbc gen- 
tlelnan from Ohio is not to be read for amendmen t. 
The CHAIRMAN. Tho Chair has said, 
four or five times, that the Clerk would first read 
the amendment offered by the. gentleman from 
Iowa. That is one entire amendment to strike 
put and insert, 
and is not divisible. 
Mr. REAGAN Can I offer amendments now, 
on can I have the privilege at any time of amend- 
in«r the biEl ? 
CHAIRMAN. The Chair will repent. 
The original bill, which is the text in this case, 
h , and is open to no amend- 
has becn read throtvrh 
'l'he amcndlncnt of 
mont except additions to it. 
the (yentleman from Iowa, pro to strike out 
and insert, is not divisible; if it should be 
the arnenchncnt of the gentleman 
voted down, 
from Ohio will be in order, and will be open to 
a nd n') c n t. 
Mr. REAGAN. Do I understand that I call 
now offcr amendments to thc amendment of the 
gentleman froin Ohio ? 
Mr. BRANCH. I think I can satisfy my friend 
from Texas in a moment, if the Chair will allow 
mc tho privilegc of doing so. This is proposi- 
tion made by thc gentleman from Iowa, to strikc 
out the wholc of the pendinc bill and t.o substitute 
another bill for it. 
takc it—and I think the 
•Chair will sustain mc in it—that before the motion 
to strike out is Pilt to the committee, a motion to 
perfect thc part proposed to be stricken out is in 
Thc CHAIRMAN. This is an amendm&ent in 
the second degree, and cannot be amended. 
Mr. BRANCH. The point 1 make is this: 
that thc motion to strike out is postponed until 
motions 10 perfect the part to bc stricken out are 
disposed of. I. think the Chair will, on reflection, 
be satisficd that there may, in this way, be a 
dozen amendments pending at once. 
But the 
motion to strike out is postponed until the part 
proposed to be stricken out is perfected to the I 
satisfaction of the committee. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say that 
all this debate is out of order. He can only state, 
in addition, more cxplicity, thc order in which 
these questions arise. The original text was first 
gendeman from Iowa moved to amend that amend- 
ment, which was an amendment in the second de- 
gree, and no further amendment is now in order. 
Mr. BRANCH. Exactly. But, as soon as 
the vote hag been taken on the amendment of the 
gentleman from Iowa, my friend from Texas may 
then offer his amendment. 
Mr. COLFAX. I must object to all further 
debate upon this question. I was ruled outin the 
last session, on the flaxseed question, on pre- 
cisely the same grounds. [Laughter.] Now, I 
must object to any further debate in reference to 
this matter. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of or- 
der. 
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment offered 
by the gentleman from Ohio will bc read if any 
gentleman desires it. 
Mr. REAGAN. Will the Chair me to 
say that, as understand his decision, the only 
opportunity we have had, or can havc, to amend 
the Pacific railroad bill , to bc passed by this House , 
is to amend the text of thc bill granting lands to 
the Territory of Nebraska. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of or- 
der. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to state 
that he has permitted this debate to go on out of 
order, but that hc must now enforce the rules. 
Mr. MAYNARD. rise to a question of order, 
and will bring myself within the rules. When 
this bill was taken up, an amendment was pro- 
posed by the gentlcn)illl from Ohio to strike out 
all aftcr the enacting clause and substitute there- 
for a proposition which hc sent up to the Clerk's 
desk, and which has not been read. Thc gentle- 
man from Iowa then moved to amend the substi- 
tute of the gentleman from Ohio, by striking it 
out and inserting a proposition which, he says, 
but not identical with 
is substantially thc same 
the bill reported to thc House from the select 
committee of which he is chainnan. The original 
text was read for amendment; and any amend- 
to that text wras in order while it was bcin• 
read. Now, the pointl present is, that before the 
vote is. taken upon the amendment of the gentle- 
rnan fron•) Iowa, it is proper that the substitute of 
the gentleman from Ohio should be read, and any 
amendments received to it which may bc offered 
with a view. to pcrfec.t it. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the 
question of order, and decides that only two 
amendments can be pending to the bill at the 
sumc time. By the rules of the House, the amend- 
nient of the gentleman from Iowa is an amend- 
ment in the second degree, and until that amend- 
ment be disposed of, no further amendment is in 
If that amendment shall be voted down 
order. 
it will then bc in order to amend the amendment 
of the gentleman from Ohio, by striking out and 
inserting. The Clerk will now report the amend- 
merit of the gentlcmun from Iowa. 
MAYNARD.' 
ing of thc amcndmcnt of the gentleman from 
Ohio. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is too latc. 
The CHAIRMAN. Chair must enforce 
The Clerk will read the amcndmcnt 
the rules. 
of the gentleman from Iowa. 
T hc Clerk commenced to read the amendment. 
Mr. REAGAN. I rise to a question of order. 
I ask the Clerk to read a rule which I send up. 
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to m- 
terrupt the reading of the amendment. 
Mr. REAGAN. Then the Chairdccides that 
he will not hear a rule read, 
rl'he CHAIRMAN. Not until the Clerk has 
finisl'tcd reading the amendment. 
The Clcrk finished the reading of the amend- 
ment. 
Mr. REAGAN. I now ask the Chairman 
whcther an amendment is not in order to the 
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio before 
the vote is taken on the amendment of the gentle- 
man from Iowa; and desirc to read the it)llow- 
ing clause from t.he Manual: 
When it is proposed to arnend by inserting a paragraph, 
or part 0k' one, the friends of the paragraph may rnake it as 
pcrfOct as they can by amendnrents before the question is 
put for inserting it." 
1 submit that, in accordance with this rule, it 
is in order to perfect the amendment of the gen- 
tleman Ohio before striking it out. I have 
an amendment which I wish in perfect good faith 
to because I bblicve it will makc the bill 
more satisfactory. 
The CHAIRMAN. To what does the gentle. 
man propose to offer his amendment? 
Mr. REAGAN. To the first section of the 
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state again 
to the gentleman from Texa.k, that the amendment 
of the gÖntleman from Iowa to strike out and 
insert, is, undcr the 46th rule, indivisible. The 
vote must be taken on striking out and inserting. 
If the committee, however, vote down the amend- 
mcnt of the gentleman from Iowa,. a motion to 
strike out and insert, applicable to the amendment 
of the gentleman from Ohio, will be in order. 
Mr. REAGAN. Under the clause of the Man- 
ual which have read, a motion to amend the 
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, by way 
of perfecting it, would now bc in order. 
The CHAIRMAN. The clause of the Manual 
to which the gentleman refers has reference to 
amcndments to the original bill. The Bhair will 
ask the Clerk to read from page 8 of the digest 
prepared by the Journal Clerk, to show the gen- 
tleman from Texas that it does not apply to the 
case now before us. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
An amendment may bc Inoved to an amendment; but 
it is not adlnittcd in another degree. But it is the well- 
settled practice of thc I-louse that there may be pending, at 
the sarne time with such amendment to the amendlnent, 
an an'lendn'lent in thc nature of a substitute for a p;irt or 
the whole ()t• the original text, and an ainendrnent to that 
annen'hnent. It was decided many years ago that if the 
motion to amend the original matter was first subniitted,.it 
was not then in order to submit an mnendment in the na- 
ture of a substitute ; but it was subsequently decided other- 
wise; and the, practice ever since has been in accordance 
with the latter decision. So, now, notwithstanding the 
pendency ota motion to amend an anlendment to tke ori- 
gina! nnatt,er, a inotion to amend in the nature of a substi- 
tute and a Inotion to amend that amendment may be re- 
ceivcd, but cannot be voted upon until the original mat.ter 
is pcrtocted." 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark 
acrain, that thc amendment of the gentleman from 
Iowa, being an amendment in the second degree, 
If the committee, however, 
is not amendable. 
shall vote (lown that amendment, the amendment 
of the gentleman frorn Ohio will bc open to amend- 
ment. 
Mr. BRIGGS. I wish to ask whether, by the 
conscnt of the committee, it is not competent for 
them to accept an amendment without re.quiring 
a vote on it? 
The CHAIRMAN. The committee which 
reported this bill have not the power to accept 
any amer)dment. 
Mr. BRIGGS. I refer to this Committee of the 
and I ask whether they have not the 
power, by unahimous consent, •to agree to an 
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman 
from Iowa, before the -vote is taken on adopting 
that amendment? 
CHAIRMAN. By unanimous consent, 
Ibis connnitLec can, of course, agree to any amend- 
Mr. BRIGGS. Then 1 ask the consent of the 
connnittee to accept an amendment, which I pro- 
post' to have read. 
Mr. COLFAX to the amendment. 1 
object to its being read, and I desire to enter 
standing objection to all further debate. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 
I do not propose to 
debate this question; but I do desire to present an 
and have it read for the purpose of 
indicating to the comnlittee what I propose to offer 
if the pending amendment shall bc voted down. 
Mr. COLÉAX. There is evidently a majority 
of the House in favor of this bill as embodied in 
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, and 
I object. 
Nil'. DAVIS, of Indiana. Have I not the right 
to have the amendment read for the purpose of 
indicating what 1 propose to offer? 
ThcCHAIRMAN. Not objection be made. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Well, sir, Imustsay 
that this is remarkable courtesy coming from my 
colleague, 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Has not the gentle- 
man from Indiana the right to offer his amend- 
ment as a substitute ? 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already 
