168 
Iknow,Mr. . i affre,ed to. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 20, 
the majority by which -this amendment was 
few minutes since, that the House is 
decidedly in favor of the amendment offered by 
the gentleman from Iowa. I venture to assert, 
if you will tho report of the committee of 
fifteen, you wili find that the amendment metes 
out justice to each and every portion of this Con-., 
feddracy. You will find that it gives a Pacific 
railroad to the South, and a Pacific railroad to 
the North; that it appropriates the common do- 
main for their construction; and also appropriatcs 
the bonds of the United States, which we are all 
responsible for. 
Now, sir, while •I am .willing to pay all duc 
deference to the opinions of gentlemen, and whilc 
I may approve of the action of those gentlemen 
in. presenting their different amendments, con- 
ceiviag that they xare performing their duties to 
their cönstituents, I say again, that this railroad 
bill-is the product of the joint labors of tho coni- 
mittee of fifteen, rcpresenting all sections of the 
country, and adopted by them according to the 
best of their judgment, after careful invesfigation 
and due deliberation. They reported a bill wllich 
will give every portion of thc country a link with 
I thercforc say that, while 
the Pacific slope. 
gentlemen may think it their duty to offer amend- 
ments, I shall oppose and vote agail'lst them, 
because the insertion of amendments to the bill 
will, in my judgment, prejudice its passage in the 
other House. I am led to believe, from conver- 
sation with Senators, that if thc House adopts 
the bill Row before it, the Senate will pass it; and 
that if additional amendments are put to it, if it is 
burdened with a dead weight, in order to repre- 
sent the peculiar views of.gcntlemen representing 
particular sections, that will jeopardize the pas- 
sage of tho bill ih the other body. Being one of 
the R.epresentative.s who feel a (Icep and abiding 
interest in this nuttter, and believinz that it is 
about to culminate in what. the fi•icnds of a Pacific 
railroad have becn waiting for eleven years, 
I shall opl')ose, and strel'iuously oppose, all y and 
ull an'lendments which Inn y be offered to this bill. 
on the a rue n d n t 
The was taken 
offered b Mr. REAGAN ; and it was not agreed to. 
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire 10 offer an arncnd- 
ment, by way of an additional section. 
The arnendment was read, as follo ws: 
SEC. 16. Jlnd be it . further enacted, That to insure the 
safe, cert,ain, and speedy transportation or ruails, troops, 
of the State 
and public stores, Stunuel P. Strickland 
Maine, Joseph Grinnell of the Stato of' Massachusetts, 
George G. Fogg of the State ot• New Ilmnpshire, Erastus 
Fairbanks of tiic State ()t' V cnnont, Orray 'J'olt ol' the State 
of Rhodc Island, I). F. Robinson 01' the Stutc ot• Connecti- 
cut, Sirneon Draper of the State ot• New York, VV. Vi' Mur- 
phy of the State of Michigan, Nathan Cornlth ot• the State 
of Illinois, Sarnuel Marshall and J. H. Tweedy State 
of Wisconsin, Sarnuel R. Curtis or the State ot' Iowa, Alex- 
andet• R-:unsev and Ed tnu nd Rice. of' the State ot• Min nesota, 
William W. 'Miller ot• the. 'l'erriun•y of Washington, and 
David Logan of the State of ()regou, sliall have to 
ft. rnish, tain, 
and enjoy, contin- 
lay out, , 
u ous railroad tho bordex,pt• the S! ate of Min- 
t l, on the Illost. eligible route. to sound, as rna.V 
corporation or eorvfor;ttions const ruet.- 
be determined the 
ing said road ; and this road 10 called the N.nrt-i)ern Pacific 
a continua t.i011 of ra now bein«r 
, and to be 
constructed in tbc State ()tMinnest't.a ; and sa id corporation 
or corporations, underta king to build said road, n•ay eou- 
Chairman , it is entirely useless to expect the adop- 
tion of this amendment; but I would feel that I 
did injustice to this subject, and .the interests of 
the section I represent, if I did not occupy the 
attention of the committee for the five minutes 
allowed me, in urging the adoption of this amend- 
ment. I have no question that the selectcommittee 
of fifteen upon the Pacific railroad sought to do 
justice to the great interests of the Pacific coast, 
as welt as to the interests of the States and Ter- 
ritories on tho Atlantic; butl am equally well con- 
vinced that, practically, they have not done justice 
to the great and growing interest of that Pacific 
I contend that their bill is not a measure 
of justice either to our present or to our future 
! development. The bill of the committee proposes 
not a northern and a southern route, but a south- 
ern and a central route; for the linc of location of 
what is there called a northern route, goes mostly 
upon the parallel of forty and forty-one degrees 
of north latitude; in other words, through thc geo- 
graphical contor of this continent. MT e claim that 
the great intcrcsts of conunerce, and the develop- 
ment of our interior, should cause this committee 
to vote for the amend rnent of my friend from Min- 
ncsota. 
Why, Mr. Chairman, this very last season we 
have been compelled to send troops to Oregon and 
Washington over the route of this northern line. 
They went up the Missouri; they crossed over by 
the wagon road' recently constructed, and were 
th&hce distributed to the different military posts 
If this committee 
in the department of Oregon. 
and the House are determined to decide that thcre 
shall bc .no northern route, Ict mc their atten- 
tion parti*larly to thc decision they make. That 
decision will be putting ofF indefinitely this north- 
ern routc, so far as Americans are concerned , 
icrnoring the great linc of commerce and the great 
linc of cormnunication from our lakes to that 
north west Pacific. Tho question is simply this: 
will this Congress sec to it that we have a linc of 
travel on that great line of cornmerce; or shall 
solidate, and with a ()thcr legal 
and duly organized corn panies nr corporations incorporated i 
by any of the States, ibr the purpose nt- aiding in the eon- 
equitable 
struction ot• said road, 
upon just and 
and said corporation or corporations shall 
entilled to 
such a linc ('If corn tuu nication be the work of our 
Brilish neighbors? Shall that greul. line of 
DO north of our northern parallel ? 
Gene fernen talk of the glowing fu turo 
of • this country and the growing strength of the 
Pacific; but, if pass this bill without amend- 
n')ent, you will yield up that. Pacific and the north- 
western portion o? our country to our British 
neighbors and to Britisly advancement; for they 
have thcre• a growin• empire northwest of our 
borders. We have there, not simply Puget Sound, 
but great inland waters now alive with cmnmerce, 
alid reverberating frorn the forests of their shores 
the shrill sound of the steamer. This vcry sea- 
son the products of British Columbia arc five or 
SIX million dollars; and wre have now a great gold 
region (lovelopincr in our Territory. wish to 
present. this question dofinitely. I have suc(rcsted 
that this northern route is the great route of corn- 
rncrce; that. it is the easiest route to grade; and 
that it saves a great distance in the route to Asia. 
It is the natural route, of the great international 
cornmeree which must flow through our midst. 
• -the fell.] 
Mr. CURTIS. The reason tbc committee did 
not think it best to attempt tliroc railroads was, 
that it seetned to them that it would weigh down 
'I'he region of country to 
t.he whole enterprise. 
receive Government land per Illi)e and bonds of the, United 
States on said Northern Pacific railroad to the which {.hc gentleman from Washington referred, 
and on tbc saane terms as ate given to tbc other connpanics 
or corporations, duly and legatty orwauizcd, IM' rein be fi)rc 
tioncd in this act ; and everv provision, condition, lini- 
itation, or restriction, in this act containod, applied t.o, or 
ijnposed on, said companies or corporations hercinbef0re 
rnentione.d in this act, or Inade part the •grants to said 
cotnpanies or corporations, shall be, ana tlic s:unc are here- 
by, expressly applied to and ilnposed on tilC ('()lnpan.s,' under- 
taking to build the Northern Pacific railroad ; and whenever 
said corporation or eon) panics shall hitvc fifty consecutive 
mites of any portion of said railroad and telezrnp!l line ready 
for the service eontmnplatcd by this act, and shall report 
the same to the President of the United States. jt shall bc 
the duty of tbo President of' the K.;nited States to appoint, 
inuncdiately, three connmissioners, at least one of w honi 
shall be a civil engineer, who shall e.xarnine the sanic and 
znake report to Iiiul in relation therelo•, and the scrvices 
contenip)at.ed, together with tl'le dnties ot• tl»e cmupanios or 
corporations, shaii be subject to the same provisions and re- 
quirmncnts as ejnbraced in the. iöurth section of this act. 
Mr. ALDRICH. Mr. Chairman— 
STEVENS, of Washington. Will the 
allow a moment? 
I yield to the gentleman 
Mr. ALDRICH. 
frotn 'VVasbington Territory. 
M r. STE S, of Washington E 
is destined, some day, to be a most important 
section of tbc Union; but at the present time it 
has, comparativeiy, a very smaii population. 
Washington T crriLory has but eight or ten thou- 
thbrefore, be rea- 
sand inhabitants. Would it, 
, , and proper, for the Government, 
sonal.)le 
at this time, LO conunence tbc construction of a 
railroad to a recion of country where there are 
so few inhabitants? The time will come w I'len I 
shall be olad t.o c,oÖpprat.e with the gentleman from 
Washington in constructing the extreme northern' 
linc proposed by the amendment of the gentleman 
from Minnesota 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I hold in my hand 
an amendment in the nature of a substitute, and 
I desire to make a proposition to gentleman upon 
the other side, with a view to put an end to this 
struggle. 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro- 
pose an amendment. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Yes, sir; butldcsire 
I hold io 111 y hand 
to make a proposition first. 
an amendment, in the nature of a substimte for 
the entire bill. My only object is to get a vote 
upon it in the House; and if gentlemen will allow • 
me to offer the amendment, and have a separate 
vote upon it in the House; 1 will give no further 
trouble at this time. That is a fan• proposition. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 do not feel that it would be 
proper {'or me to make any such arrangement. It 
is not necessary at all. I think we are entitled to 
a square vote. on the amendment as amended. 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from ln- 
diana asks the unanimous consent of the House 
to have his atnendmcnt reported to the House. 
Mr. HINDMAN. I object. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Then, Mr. Chair- 
man, as the only mode in wl'lich can get Iny 
opinion before» the House as to I,vhat Pacific rail- 
road scheme I would vote for, I offer the amend- 
ment which I send to the Clerk's desk, to come 
in at the end of the bill as additional sections. 
ask that my amendment be read. 
I desire Lo 
Mr. V,TASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
under- 
make a suggestion to the committee. 
stand that thc gentleman from Indiana proposes 
not to take up the timc of committee now if 
he can have a vote on his proposition in the 
House. 
I'vlr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Give me a voté in 
the House; that is all I ask. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then 1 sug- 
gest to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. CURTIS] 
that he had better agrec to that, and let us go into 
the House, have the main question ordered on 
I suggest that that 
the bills, and come to a vote. 
will save tirne and be much the better way. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. That is all 1 ask. 
The CHAIRMAN. Tho gentleman from ln- 
(liana asks the unanimous consent of the corn- 
mittee to have his amendment reported to the 
Is there objection ? 
House to be voted on. 
Messrs. HINDMAN and SICKLES objected. 
The Clerk then read Mr. DAY1s's amendment, 
as follows: 
'l'hat, with the view of aiding in the construction of a 
suitablc railroad and tele•rraphic cornmunication between 
the Al,lantic States and thc Pacific ocean, there shall be, 
and hereby is, appropriated and set agart a quantity of pub- 
lie land equal to Cbe alternate sections, for the spacc of fif- 
tcett miles on each side Df the following road and branches, 
that is to say, 
frotn their eastern to their western terniini ; 
and tclcgraphic line from sonle 
one main trunk railroad 
point on the 'vvcstcrn boundary of the State, of Missouri or 
Iowa, between the thirty-seventh and forty-third degrees 
of north latitude, on the nearest and most eligible route to 
city of' Sail Francisco, on the Pacific ocean; and also 
two branch railroads and telegraphic lines, one diverging 
from the said ruain trunk road at some e.ligiblc point cast 
of tbe Rocky Inountains, between the, one hundred and 
third and one hundred and fifth paratlct of west longitude, 
and running through the Territories of the United States in 
the direction of Alempl)is, in the State of Tennessee, which 
shall be known as the soulberll branch; and one diverging 
said (nain trun k road at the point last atöresaid, and 
running through the 'I'crritories of the United States to the 
eligible i)0int on the western shore of Lake Superior, 
such lands 
which shall bc known as the mort-liern branc\' ; 
be scleet.tul froin _lhe sections which shall be designated 
in the public surveys of said lands (when :nade) by odd 
and to held and conveyed as herein provided ; 
and hr all cases, when the United States nray have dis- 
posed of said lands, or any part thereot•, or shall, from any 
be unable to convey a title thereto, the deficiency 
cause 
Inay be up by the part.y or l)drties who :nay become 
entitled thereto fi'om any unoccupied and unappropriated 
land belonging to the (J Elited States within the distance of 
thirtv Iniles ot• said road or roads : however, q.'hat, 
for such deficiencv within the State of C,alitörnia, and also 
in lieu of all Inincral lands jn said State, (which are hereby 
excepted tbe appropriation herein inadc,) such selec- 
tiou may be Inade from any unoccupied and unappropri- 
ated lands ot• the United States wit.hin fifty Iniles of said 
road in the said State. 
SEC. 2. wand be it further enacted, That it shall be the 
duty of the Secretary of the Interior to cause advcrtisc- 
nients to be published in two neivspapers in each State, and 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I call for I i in the District of Coh_unbia, för a reasonable tilne, not ex- 
cceding six Inontlls, w11iC11 advertisements shall invite 
tellers on the arnendment. 
i want to see if the 
nortbcrn route has any friends here. 
"i"eljers were ordered; and Messrs. ALDRICH 
and BARR were appointed. 
The committee divided; and the tellers reported 
ayes forty, noes not counted. 
So the amendment to the amendment was dis- 
sealed and separate proposals for the' construction of each 
of said lines of road and telegraph in the rnannet• herein 
provided. Said advertisenneni shall include a copy of this 
act, as containing the terms upon which the, United Statcs 
arc willing to contract the constrnet.ion of either of' said 
lines of road and telegraph, and shall req uirc separate sealed 
proposals, stating specifically whether it be the main 
trunk, or northern or southern branch line; and also, First. 
The t.ime in which the party or parties propose to collbtruct., 
