THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 20, 
the original text of the bill. The gentleman from 
Iowa [Mr. CURTIS] offered an amendment -to 
strike out that substitute, and insert another. The 
committee, agreed to that amendment, and has 
since agreed to the amendment as amended; and 
no further amendment is now in order to the bill. 
Mr. PHELPS. Does the decide that no 
further amendments are in order ? 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so decides. 
Mr. BRANCH. I shall take an appeal from 
that decision; and i take the liberty of saying to 
cGis committee that, before the decision of the 
Chair was announced, 1 myself heard the gentle- 
man occupying the chair state, in an undertone, 
that onthc adoption ofthc amendment as amended, 
the noes had it. Under that impression, gentle- 
men upon this side of the House did not ask a 
division; but the Chair, when he came to an- 
nounce the result, said that the ayes had it.. You 
gentlemen upon this side of the House were awarc 
of the decision that the Chair had made. I heard 
distinctly, from the other side of the Hall, a voice 
I call for a division." 
sa 
K'i•r. CURTIS. I call the gentleman.to order. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 have a right to debate the 
appeal for five minutes. 
CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order on 
the question of appeal. 
Mr. BRANCH. I submit whether I have not 
a ri5ht, in taking the appeal, to m.ke a five min- 
utes explanation. 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate having been closed 
on the bill, questions of order are not debatable. 
Mr. BRANCH. 
I will simply say, that since 
I have been a member of this House, I have never 
seen a bill passed through in such utter disregard 
of the rules of order of this House. 
I wish that 
statement to go on the record ih connection with 
t.he statement made by my friend from Virginia, 
[Mr. GARNETT,] a fbw moincnts ago, that the 
payment of,these bonds may, at somc future time, 
be contested. 
Mr. COLFAX. I suggcst that if there be any 
doubt as to the last division, the vote be taken 
again. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair proposes to 
state to the committcc, that when he used the 
word no" on the last. vote, hc intended to say 
Hc then waited a little, and as thcrc was 
no demand for a furthm• count, he declared that 
thc " ayes" had it. 
If the committee desire to 
have the vote taken again, the Chair will put the 
question. 
Mr. BRANCH. I state from my own personal 
knowledge thatgcntlemcn on this side of the House 
heard thc Chair say the " noes" appeared to have 
it, nr:d that they refrained from voting in conse- 
quence of it. 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order. 
If the gent.hnnan desire to havc the vote taken 
again, ihc Chair will put the question. 
Mr. PHELPS. Supposing that the Chair had 
decided 
that the amendment was not adopted, 
then further amcndments wrould be in order; a 
now the only thing is to leave the question pend- 
ing so that. furt.hcr amendments may be offcred, 
'Rhe CHAIRMAN. Doos the gentleman from 
Missouri desire to proposc an amendment? 
Mr. PHFÆ,PS. My colleague [Mr. BARRET] 
has an amendment which he wishes t.o propose 
I have not bccn in thc Hall to-day during 
the proceedings on this bill, but came in at thö 
time when the gcntleman from Indiana was speak* 
iir. BARRET. 1 offer the following amend- 
mcnt, to come in as an additional section: 
SEC. 16. Jlnd be it, furl,hcr cnacted, If, upon proper sur- 
veys and estimates, it shall bc ascertained that the route 
by thc vicinity of the great Salt Lake, as provided for in 
Section first, is not tbc best, those llavin« in charge the 
location and building Df this work arc hereby required to 
locate the sa:nc on thc shortest. most econon'iicai and prac- 
tical route from the mouth of t'he Kansas river to the city 
of San Francisco, in thc State of California. 
do not rise, Mr. Chairman, for the purpose 
of making a spccch at this time. My object in 
offerintr 
that amcndment is this: by tho first sec- 
tion of thc bill the route of the road is •located by 
thc vicinity of Salt Lake City. I have always 
contended that this body had not thc necessary 
il')fornmtion to enable it to direct tho location of 
railroad routes. That should be loft to the en- 
gineer. Elencc, I propose, by this amendment, 
that in case it shah 
bc ascertained by actual sur- 
vcys that the route by Salt Lakc City is not the 
best, the parties having in charge the location and 
building of this road shall locate it by the.short- 
est, most economical, and most practical route. 
Mr.MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I move that the 
committee rise. I make' the motion in order to 
give members time to consider this bill. 
The I-notion was not agreed to. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri.. 
I have repeatedly 
stated in this House 'that I would vote a Pa- 
cific railroad bill starting anywhere above' the 
Gulf of Meiicö and sot-ith of the British line. , But 
I object to the amendment of my colleague, C Mr. 
BARRETj] for the reason that it is evident to this 
House and to the country, that the special com- 
mittec in proposing the line as specified in the 
amendment repor,ted by the gentleman from Iowa, 
meant t.o force this road through the gold fields in 
thc region of Pike's Peak and Carson's Valley. 
There is no population on any other routc that 
can be proposed, while there gre thousands and 
hundredsofthousands of American citizens on the 
linc indicated in the amendment of the gentleman 
from Iowa. I am, therefore, satisfied that it is 
not only the right, bat the duty of this Congress 
to send the Pacific railroad through that part of 
the continent where it will accommodato the 
greatest number of American citizens. 
I wish to 
make a formal objection to, and hope the com- 
mittee will vote down, the amendment offered by 
my colleague. 
The question was taken on Mr. BARRET'S 
amendment; and it was rejected. 
Mr. BRANCH. rise to a privileged motion. 
I move that the committee do now rise. 
Mr. SICKLES. I move, as an amendment, 
that the committee rise and report the bill to the 
House, with u recommendation that it do pass. 
The CHAIRMAN. There is still an amend- 
ment pending. 
Mr. BRANCH. The, bill will come up the 
first business in order when the House shall next 
go into thc Committee of the Whole on the state 
of the Union. 
Mr. HINDMAN. If a majority of tho com- 
mittee dcsirc that the bill should be reported back 
with a recommendation that it do pass, they will 
then vote arrainst thc motion of thc gentleman 
from North Carolina, with a view of votincr in 
favor of a motion that the committee rise, and 
report the bill to the House. 
The CHAIRMAN. If the motion of the gen- 
tlernan from North Carolina prevails, the commit- 
tec will rise. 
If not, the committee will still bc 
in session. That is all the dccisiou the Chair can 
make about it. 
Mr. HINDMAN. And then we can make 
such further motion as wc see fit. 
Mr. PHELPS called on Mr. 's 
motiort that tho committee rise. 
Tcllcrs were ordered; 
and Messrs. CRAIG, of 
Missouri, and EDWARDS, werc appointed. 
The committe•e divided; and the tellers reported 
—ayes 60, noes 76. 
So tho committee refused to rise. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 offer the following amend- 
ment, to come in as an additional section: 
SEC. JO. Jlnd be itfurthcr enacted, That the persons to 
whom the grants in this act arc Inadc, shall have the ri"ht 
to seicct the nearest and most economical route for a rail- 
road to San Francisco. 
I had dcsired, Mr. Chairman, to participate in 
thc debate that has taken place on this bill, but I 
was en«yaged during the day in service on the spe- 
Cial committee, and therefore was not able to be 
present l)ere. 
I have heretofore taken occasion, Mr. Chair- 
man, t.o express the opinion that it was unt.visc 
on the part of Congress to indicate the route for 
a Pacific railroad. I expressed that opinion at the 
last session of Congress. Hence I desire that this 
bill shall be amended so that the persons to whom 
the grant of land and money is made by this act 
may bc at libcrty to select the best and most eco- 
nornical route to the Pacific ocean. By the terms 
as this bill proposes, I should still 
feel constrained to vote against it. There are other 
questions to engage the attention of the legislative 
department of the Government besides the ques- 
tion of the Pacific railroad. The preservation of 
the Government is DOW the great question of the 
day; and yet* while members of Congress are 
aware that our Government is crumbling into 
piecesg they are proposing to add to the burdens 
of the people, while the national Treasury is not 
able:to pay its honest debts. 
I am unwilling, by 
my vote, to increase the indebtedness of the na- 
tion, when I know the Government is compelled 
to borrow money to defray its ordinary expenses. 
The securities of the Government are now selling 
at a heavy depreciation, and I am unwilling to 
still farther aid in their depreciation by creatino• 
a debt of $96,000,000. If this was a proper time 
for the consideration of the subject; if we had not 
thc more important question of the preservation of 
the Government pressing upon us; and if the Gov- 
ernment securities were not depressed by a fear 
of a dissolution of the Government, I would cheer- 
fully give my vote for the construction of one 
road, and for suitable aid by the Government 
towards it. 
I am in favor of a railroad to the 
Pacific; but, under the present circumstances, I 
cannot vote for this bill. 
Mr. COLFAX. I oppose the amendment pro 
forma, and ask for a vote upon it. 
The amendment to the amendment was disa- 
grecd to. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, offered the 
following amendment to the amendment: 
Add to the end of the amendment, as follows : 
*and be it further enacted, That the Prestdent be, and he 
is hereby, authorized and directed to cause the publ ic lands, 
to the extent of forty miles on eaell side ot• the route here- 
inaftcr mentioned, to be surveyed, and the Indian title 
thereto to be extinguished as soon as practicable. And 
upon the payment o? ten cents per acre, all persons entitled 
to the preemption laws, who have or may settle upon any 
of thc lands within the timits above mentioned, (excepting 
those, herein set apart and appropriated for the use of said 
roads and for other purposes,) 
shall be entitled to the pro- 
visions of the act Of' 1841, granting preémption rights, and 
the acts amendatory thereof. 
.Rnd be it further enacted, That there be, and hereby is, 
granted to the States and 'I'erritorics that are or may be 
firmed upon the lines of tbe herein-mentioned road, for 
the purpose 01' aiding in the construction of a railroad to 
thc Pacific—frmn lutikß Superior to Puøet Sound, with a 
branch to the navigable waters of the Colunlbia—every 
alternate section of land designated by odd nutnbers, for ten 
sections in width on cach side of said road and branch ; 
but in case it shall appear that the United States have, 
when the line or route ot' said road and branch are defin- 
itely fixed, sold any sectlons or parts of sections granted 
as aforesaid, or that the right of preömption has attached 
to the same, then it shan be lawful for any agcntor agents, 
to be appointed by thc Governors of said States or 'Territo- 
ries, to sclect, subject to the approval of the Secretary 01 
thc Interior, from the lands of the United States nearest to 
the tiers of sections above specified, so Inucll land in al- 
ternate sections or parts of sections as shall be equal to 
such lands as the United States have sold or otherwise 
appropriated, or to which the rights of pt•eömption have 
attached as aforesaid ; which lauds (thus selected in lieu 
of those sold, and to which preemption rights have attached, 
as atörcsaid, together with the sections or parts of sections 
designated by odd nunlbers as aiöresaid, and appropriated 
us atörcsaid,) shall be held by the said States or 'Cerritories, 
respectively, iör the uses and purposes a(örcsaid : Provided, 
'l'hat the land to be so located shall in no case be further 
than twenty niiles from the line of said road or branch, and 
selected for and on account of said road or branch : pio- 
cidcd further, That the lands hereby grantcd for aud on 
account ofsaid road and branch shall be disposed of only 
as Lho work prouresses, and the sam•e shall be applied to 
no other purpose whatsoever : and provided further, That 
any and all lands heretofore reserved to the Ünited States 
by any act of Congress, or in any other manner by cornpe- 
tent authority, for the purpose of aiding in any object of 
internat improvement. or {Or any other purpose whatso- 
cvcr, be, and the same arc hereby, reserved to the United 
States fron) the operation of this act, except so far as it 
nray be f'onnd ncccssary to locate the routes of said rail- 
road and branch through such reserved lands, in which 
case the right of way only shall be granted, subject to the 
approval of the President of the United States. 
.fln.d bc it further enacted, 'I'bat tho said lands hereby 
granted to the, said States and Territories shall be subject 
to the future disposal of the Legislatures thereof, respect- 
I ivcly, tar the purposes herein expressed and no other. 
and be it further enacted, That the land hereby granted 
to said Stat.es or rrerritories shall be disposed of by said 
States or Territorics in the inanner löllowing, that is to 
of the bill, as it now stands, they would not have 
say : that a quantity of land not exceeding two hundred 
that privilege. I do not stand here to complain of 
sections tor said road aud branch, and included within a 
the points from which the road is made to start. 
continuous length of twenty miles of said road and branch, 
I believe, however, that it is unwise in the Gov• 
may be sold; and when the Governors of said States or 
rrerritories, respectively, shall certify to the Secretary of 
ernmeut of thc United States to aid in the con- 
thc Interior that any twenty continuous miles of said road 
struction of more than one road at any time. If 
or branch is completed, then another quantity of land, 
it was now proposed to aid in construction ofa hereby grantcd, not to exceed two hundred scetions iör 
road on the route which I favor, and which I be- 
said road and branch, having twenty continuous miles com- 
lieve to bc the bestand most practicable route, and . pieted, as aforesaid, and included within a continuous 
it wcrc proposed, in this bill, to incur a debt of II 
length of twenty miles of said road or branch, may be sold; 
and so from Lixne to time, until said road and branch are 
