1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
ent strupture known as the Long Bridge, for the 
purpose of connecting with the Virginia railroads 
at that point. 
The first section proposes •to empower the Bal- 
timore and Ohio Railroad Company to extend 
the Washington branch of their road from a point 
in Washington city, near G street north, passino• 
through First street east, to near D street south, 
thence by a curve crossing New Jersey avenue, 
south Capitol street, and the canal, to E street 
south, and through the last-named street to the 
Potomac river, and to extend this line of railroad 
across the river by means of a pile structure, 
adjacent to and connected with the Long Bridge, 
for a railroad track on the eastern side of the 
bridge, so as to form a connection with the Vir- 
ginia shore, and with such railroads as may be 
made, or already have been made, by authority 
of the State of Virginia to said point; with a pro- 
viso that such widening or extension of the Long 
Bridge shall be constructed with suitable draws 
for the convenience of navigation. 
The second section proposes to authorize the 
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company to con- 
struct a tunnel upon that portion of the line lying 
between a point near C street north and the west 
side of New Jersey avenue, so as to involve no 
injury to the public grounds or permanent ob- 
strnction to the use of those streets for ordinary 
purposes; and to use steam or locomotive power 
on the whole or any part of the route. 
The third section proposes to empower the com- 
pany to lay a track, and to use the same for the 
transportation of passengers and freight, from 
some suitable point on the route authorized to be 
extended to tide-water, between the Long Bridge" 
and the Navy-yard, so as to be connected with 
southern lines of steamboats plying on the Poto- 
mac river. 
The fourth section provides that the company 
shall have authority to lay a street track from 
some convenient point on the main route author- 
ized by the bill to the depot of the company in 
Washington, and to transport upon it cars for 
burden and passengers until such time as the tun- 
nel authorized by the second section shall be com- 
pleted. 
The fifth section proposes to authorize the Bal- 
timore and Ohio Railroad Company to charge for 
,the transportation of merchandise or freight, of 
every description, upon the connecting railroad 
authorized by the bill, to the termini thefeof at 
tide-water and on the Virginia shore, at the rate 
of not exceeding twenty-five cents per ton net, 
and for the transportation of passeno•ers at a rate 
not exceeding twenty-five cents for each passen- 
ger carried by them upon the said connecting rail- 
road. 
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, on the 
4th of May last there was a memorial of a com- 
mittce of the corporation of Georgetown submitted 
to this body, and a motion was made to print it. 
That motion was referred to the Committee on 
I have been requested by the Mayor 
Printing. 
of Georeetown, this morning, to ask that their 
memorial be read for the information of the Sen- 
ate; and in compliance with that request, I ask 
that the memorial be read. 
The Secretary read it. 
The Committee on the District of Columbia, to 
whom the bill was referred, reported it, with 
amendments, which the Secretary proceeded to 
read. The first amendment was in the eleventh 
line of the first section, tö inseft the words, ot• 
other suitabie" between " pile " and " structure," 
so as to make it read, " and to extend said line 
of railroad, by means of a pile or other suitable 
structure, adiacent to, and connected with, the 
Long Bridge:" 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was, in lines fourteen, 
fifteen, and sixteen, of the first section, to strike 
the Virginia shore, and with such railroads 
out 
as may be made, or already have been made, by 
authority of the State of Virginia to said point," 
and in lieu thereof, to insei•t " the Alexandria and 
Washington railroad on the Virginia shore;" so 
as to make the clause read, " so as to form a con- 
nection with the Alexandria and Washington 
railroad on the Virginia shore.' 
Mr. CAMERON-. I desire to move an amend- 
ment to the first section. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator offer that as an amendment to the amendment? 
Mr. CAMERON. It is a proposition -to be 
added to the end of the first section. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatis notin 
order at presen{, and the Chair will restate the 
question to be on the second amendment of the 
committee. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to 
the first place, what bill is up— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
will Suspend his remarks. The Chair will remark 
that it is impossible to transagt .business with so 
much confusion in the Chamber. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 desire whether 
this is the original bill, or that which was reported 
from the committee with amemdments. 
Mr. KENNEDY. It is the was re- 
ported from the committec with amendments. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has there been any action 
on any of the amendments? 
Mr. KENNEDY. we have acted on two of 
them, I think. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Theypassed without any 
observation. I should like to inquire of the Chan• 
what amendments have on. 
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER 'rhefirstamend- 
mentreported by.the committee has been agreed to. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Which is that? 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. In line eleven, 
page 2, after the word pile," to insert or other 
suitable" before structure." 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Iwasnot aware of it. 1 
was conversirp with another Senator while it 
passed. It was to that particular amendment that 
I wished to make objection. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
say, that it is not in order at this stage of the busi- 
ness to debate thata mendment,as we have reached 
the second amendment. After that is disposed of, 
it will be in order for the Senator to move to re- 
consider the first amendment. The second amend- 
.ment of the committee is now before the Senate. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Which is the second 
amendment? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary 
will read that for the information of thc Senator. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: in section one, 
lines fourteen, fifteen, and sixteen, to strike out 
the Virginia shore, and with such railroads as 
may be Ipade, or already have been madc, by the 
authority of Virginia, to said point," and insert 
the Alexandria and Washington railroad on the 
Virginia shore." 
Mr. KENNEDY. I will only state, for the 
information of the honorable Senator, that that 
amendment was put in to obviate any diffculty 
about connecting with other roads. It was merely 
to compel this company to connect with the Alex- 
andria road, which is already constructed. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have no particular 0b- 
jection to that amendment. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Thereisanother 
amendment from the committee, which will be 
read. 
The Secretary read the next amendment; which 
was, in the fifth section, to strike out the words 
" at the rate of not exceeding twenty-five cents 
per ton net, and for the transportation of passen- 
gers at a rate not exceeding twenty-five cents for 
each passenger carried by them upon the said 
connecting railroad," and, in lieu of them, to in- i 
sert such rates per ton for merchandise and such 
rates per capita for passengers as may be agréed 
upon from time to time by the Connecting rail- 
roads interested in this extension." 
Mr. CAMERON. I hope thatamendment will 
not be agreed to. It wili give the power to these I 
connecting railroads to raise -the toll on freight, 
and the passenger fare, whenever they may think 
proper, and to just such price as they may please. 
The price in the original bill is too high. Twenty- 
five cents for carrying a passenger across these 
four miles, is at least twice as much as ought to 
be paid. Ten cents would be a high price. 
object to this amendment; and when it is disposed 
of I shall make a motion to reduce the sum for 
carrying passengers across, to ten cents. 
that no Senator here will be in favor of this amend- 
II 
ment if he will reflect a moment about it. No 
one would be willing to give such immense power 
to two or three corporations here, who may be 
induced by their avarice or their interests at any 
time to impose exorbitant rates on the trade and 
travel passing across. 
Mr. BRAGG. thihk,.there .ie much'forqeih 
what has been säidbythe -hønot_abl$enatpvfröm 
Pennsylvania about: this propue&ømendmeht; 
and I think there is an additional objectionétb-üii. 
lb is vague andmneertaih. ThÅamendmentSpuit 
on the bill before. make -the 
to connect-with thig- branch to the Pot.érnac&i •Tlfén 
it says that the •rates of toll-for 
passengers shall be such rates. per 
passengers as may be agreed upon firom-„lirne _tö 
time by the connecting -railroads:intérested. in;this 
extension." That. is a very vague veipression. 
The only connccting railroad, it would seem from 
the amqndmeht betöre- adopted, is the little- Alex- 
andria railroad; and it would be dißcult to 
tain what other railroads- are interested in this 
connection. My friend from Maryland tells me 
that all the roads south of it, upon -the- great mail 
route,• are interested. If so, • they ought Bto be 
specifically named; for, as the matter now stands, 
it seems to me -theregulation ofthe tolls on freight 
and of the- rate of carrying: passengers will 
with the Alexandria road and. -the road. which it 
is proposed to extend. I think, if that: amend- 
ment IS insisted On, it should be mademo.re cet- 
tain than it is now; for from uncertainty it would 
be void, I think, except as to- the two, roads YI 
have mentiöned; and do not- think the public 
ought to be put:in their power. 
Mr. KENNEDY. In order to 
gentlemen, I am perfectly willing that they may 
make it as specific as they please. They rnay 
specify every road—the roads north and the roads 
south of this—by name if they choose. The ob- 
ject was no t to give this particu larcompany, which 
is to make the extension, a right to charge any 
specific rate, but to restrict it to-just, the amount 
that witl be agreed upon by the roads south of it 
and the roads nortwof it, •which connect with it. 
mean by that, the rOads that lead from-the Balti- 
more and Ohio road in Baltimore, to Philadelphia; 
the road from Washington to Alexandria,-connect- 
ing south and southwest with •the Orange and 
Alexandria road ; and the whole line of toads run- 
ning to the southwest. 
The amendment was rejected. 
•Mr. CAMERON. Now 1 move to amend that 
section 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
state to the Senator from Pennsylvania' that m the 
amendments' proposed by the committee are ndt 
yet through, arid they are first in order. 
The fourth amendment of the committee was to 
insert as a new section: 
SEC. 6. and be it further enacted, That in the construc- 
tion and use of the road hereby authorized the said -Balti- 
morc and Ohio Railroad Company shall have, exercise, and 
enjoy the same rights and privileges as have heretofore 
been granted to the said con»any by the act to which this 
is a supplement, and the supplement tljereto. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 desire to amend that 
amendment before' it is passed upon, if possible, 
by adding at the end of it the following Words: 
Provided, The same are not inconsistent with the pvoyie- 
ions of this act. 
These words will do no harm if the'bill remains 
as it is, and they will be rende?ed applicable by 
smne provisions which I hope to get' inserted in 
the bill before it is finally acted on. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 should like to know what 
the object of the amendment is. I should like to 
I mean not the 
have some explanåtion of it. 
amendment to the amendment, but the original 
amendment offered, as I understpod, by the Sen- 
ator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is the amendment 
of the committee, to which I offei•ed an amend- 
I take it there can be no objection to my 
ment. 
pro osition. 
dr. KENNEDY. There is no objection to it. 
The amendmen t to the amend ment was agreed to. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think ought tobe 
some explanation of the meaning of this provis- 
ion. The Senate will observe that it is very 
general: 
SEC. 6. be it further enacted, That-in the construe- 
tion and use of the road hereby authorized, the said Båltj- 
more and Ohio Railroad Conpany shall have, exercise,) and 
enjoy the same rights and privileges as have heretoforebeen 
granted to the said company by the act to which this is-a 
supplement, and the supplenxent thereto. 
I would ask if -this has .particular reference,to 
any substantial provisions of acts. which haye 
heretofore been passed,- and what-lhey are. 
Mr. KENNEDY. to 
