THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON; D. ec. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
man, owning a little bit of a hut here, valued at 
five or six hundred dollars, should pay taxes on 
it oat of tl'le little pittance hc gets for working 
at his daily labor, when this immense and profit- 
ablc corporation refuses to pav taxes, and refuses 
upon a trick, as I understan"d. am told that 
they came herp and said they ha(l no intention to 
take ad vailtage of the act of the State of Mary- 
land. Certainly, if' it had been Ilienlioned that 
they intcndcd to pay to the State of Maryland 
twenty per cent. upon all their receipts in this 
District, no mernber of Congress would have 
given them the right to come into the District. 
'I'he road runs for about six miles in the District; 
Crom this city out to Bladensburg; and that twenty 
per cent. is taken off every passenger who travels 
over it. Every man going over this road is com- 
pelled to pay a bonus of twenty per cent. on the 
chargc of the company; and the charge itsclf is 
a very high one. Besides that, they permit no- 
body to come across here who they think inter- 
fin•es with their business. No man traveling north 
Baltimore can have his baggage checked 
through here, or can have any copnection at all, 
unless it just happens to suit this coxnpany. They 
will not check that baggage through 'because they 
say the northern travel is a rival; the reason 
that some eighty or ninety miles i)orth of Balti- 
more a road branches off to the west at Harris- 
burg, which they regard as a rival to their road. 
What if it is? What right have they to obstruct 
this channel? What right have they to close the 
gates between this city and Baltimorc and other 
cities north, east, and '.vest? We have a chain of 
railroads runnincr froin Baltimore to the north, 
reaching the lakes at Niagara Falls, bringing the 
distance between Niagara Falfs and the city of 
Washington withil'l ten miles of what it is from 
Niagara Falls to the city of New York. 
have another. railroad up through Penn- 
sylvania going to the northeast, at Nort'humber- 
land , going out to Lake Ontario, passing through 
Syracuse, and all that section of New York. We 
have railroad from Harrisburg runnin«y 
directly to the city of New York; but here we are 
taxed fifty cents in throuo•h, because it costs 
you fifty cents to get your baggage carried across 
Baltimore frcnn the depot of this company to the 
o•t.hea• depot. • They will check through the bag- 
gage of those going to Philadelphia directly, bc- 
cause they have a connection with and a pecu- 
niary interest in common with that road; and 
this is a combined appeal on behalf of the Balti- 
mote and Ohio Railroad Company and the Phil- 
adclphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad 
Counpany, to exclude all others. I shall offer an 
amendment in regard to that connection after a 
while. I intended now to speak more particularly 
to the question of taxation. I think it but right 
that the propert.y of this company here should be 
taxed. 
Mr. KENNEDY. May 1 ask the honorable 
Senator a single question? Do I understand him 
to say that there is no connection now between 
the Baltimore and Ohio road and the road running 
to Harrisburg? 
Mr. CAMERON. I say there is no c.onncction 
by which your baggage can be checked through. 
You can carry it yourself and get it along the best 
way you Can. 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 do not know anything 
about the baggage being checked. The two roads 
do not join; one is on one side of the city and the 
other on the other; but the advertisement of the 
Northern Central railway shows that they do 
connect with two trains a day. 
Mr. CAMERON. So they do; but we do not 
get our baggage carried over. A man has to take 
charge of his own baggage when he reachcs Bal- 
Four trains pass out a day, I 
timore from here. 
believe, from here, and only two of them connect. 
Mr. KEN N ED Y. There is the same connec- 
tion precise! y as with the roads running to New 
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir. 
Mr. KENNEDY. They connect but twice a 
day from here to New York, I believe. The 
12 
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1860. 
ad vertisement of the Northern Central railway, 
which 1 have before me, says: 
The Harrisburg aecotmnodation train daily at 6, p. m. , 
för the west and northwest. 
Travelers from Washington and the South by the 6.20 
a. m. , and 3.20. p. m. , trains make connection with the trains 
over this road." 
Mr. CAMERON. Ycs,at 6.20 in the morning 
and 3.20 in the cvcning. 
Mr. KENNEDY. twice 
a day. 
Mr. CAMERON. Because it suits their con- 
venience; and by that arrangement they have 
compelled the road running north to put on an 
extra train, or else wre should make no connection 
in the after part (f the day. We have to run three 
trains a day instead of two. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before the vote is 
on this amendment, I will merely state. that tbc 
Senator from Pennsylvania i' probably mistaken, 
as well as the Senator from Maine, as to the im- 
I understand from 
portance of the amendment. 
the Mayor of Washington that the properly of 
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company in this 
city docs not amount to over $100,000; and the 
tax on that, at sixty cents on the $100, would 
make only $600, ingtead of Rather a 
large rnarø•in. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not wish to occupy any 
I do not think it is wise for us to throw 
ti me. 
any obstacles in the way of the construction of 
I think that this extension is 
this improvement. 
rnorc for the benefit of the public than of the com- 
pan y. I think the plan they propose to adopt, and 
I the line upon which they propose to run this con- 
necting link of road, is the very best that could 
be selected for the city. 'I'hey propose, at the 
junction of G street and First street, to make a 
hill, where it can incommode 
tun nel under the 
nobody; where it will run across no street, to in- 
terrupt travel; where the noise of the cars will not 
disturb us; where there will be no possible incon- 
venience from it; and then to run to the river, 
and the connection between the North and 
the South. It isa orcat convenience to the travel- 
in" public. to be able to check baggage through, 
and make connections right through, without, in 
the night, being cömpclied to get into omnibuses, 
If a man has his family 
exposed to the weather. 
with him, perhaps sick children, it is a very great 
I have 
exposure and hazard and inconvenience. 
traveled this route very often, both northward and 
southward. I know the inconvenience of the want 
I do not think it is any objection 
of pnnection. 
to this proposition that there are no connections 
in other cities. There ought to be everywhere. 
These impediments in the way of connection in 
travel {Ire a burden upon the community—an in- 
, without one redeeming advantage. 
convenience— 
Inasmuch as this companv are wilfing to bear the 
expense of this extension, so as to accommodate 
the public n•rore than themscl ves—to save the 
than themselves—I do think 
public money rather 
we ought to impose as few burdens on them as 
I an"l decidedly in favor of the meas- 
possible. 
urc, and without any ernbarrassments upon it. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am sorry to say so 
much upon t.his subject; but what has fallen from 
thc honorable Senator from Illinois induces me 
to say another word. Hc talks about our inter- 
posincr obstructions in the way of this public im- 
these parties come to us 
provel-ncnt. Why, sir, 
they coinc here and ask us 
and ask a privilc(re ; 
to (rive them Icavc to do this thing; and when you 
talk about [heir exerting thernselvcs here for the 
benefit of the public, and not their own, I appre- 
hend you are finding a remarkable case in the 
world, when you find corporation which is win- 
Gng to do something at its own expense for thc 
NEW SöRIÉs.....No. 12.. 
late for them, and we are bound to. sce Chat they 
are treated properly -in any • of these privileges 
which we grant to outsiders? Merely—nothing* 
further—that this company shall pay upon its 
property in the city of Washington, which re- 
ceivcs the protection of the municipal authorities 
here, such as it may be, its fair proportion of the 
taxation, in order to pay the expenses of thåt 
protection. Nothing more, nothmg less. This 
IS not imposing any burdens on thesc corpörators 
which they ou•ght not to bear. It is throwing no 
diffculties in their way. The amount, to be sure, 
is not large, but it may be important to the city. 
Whether their property is one,- or two, or three 
hundred thousand dollars, the more the amount 
of property the more the'propriety of their pay- 
ing something for the privilege afforded to them. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion 
is on the amcndment offered by the Senator from 
Maine. 
IV11r. FESSENDEN. 1 ask for the and 
nays on my amendment. 
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 24; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron, 
Chandler, Clark, Collamcr, Dixon, Doonttle, Durkee, Fes- 
genden, Foot, Foster, Gritnes, Harlan, King, Polk, Sim- 
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bragg, Clingman, Davis, 
Hemphill, H unter, 
Douglas, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gwin, 
Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson ot 'fennessee, 
Kennedy, Lane, Lathmn, Mason, Nicholson, Powell, 
Saulsbury, Slidell, 'l'oombs, Wigfhll, and Yulee—24. 
So the amendment was rejected. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have another amend. 
ment to offer. I rnove to strike out the words, 
" have authority," in thc second line of the gec- 
ond section, and insert the words, " bc required. " 
'That is the clause with refercncc to a tunnel. As 
i the bill stands at present, they may make the 
tunnel now, or not, as they plaase; but as that is 
a requisition upon them, and it is intended it 
should be so, I think it should be made impera- 
I presume there can be no objection to this 
mnend ment. 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 accept it. 
rrhe PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
I ment will bc considered as adopted by the unan- 
ilnous consent of the Senate The Chair hears 
no objection. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have some other amend- 
I move to 
ments that I should like to propose. 
insert, at the cnd of the second section, the follow- 
Pro eidcd, 'J_'hey first obtain the consent of the corporate 
authorities of the city of' Washington, aud upon such terms 
I will explain this arnendment in one word, 
sir. The provision to which* it has reference is 
the provision that they may use steam in pass- 
ing through the city. In all these charters with 
which I have been acquainted, where •permission 
is given to use steam powcn• in passing through a 
city, it is placcd under the direction and subject 
to the conditions that may be irnposed by t.he 
I think it should be so in this 
city authorities. 
casc, and not give a power which might bc not 
only inconvenient but dangerous to 
the city, unless regulated properly by the author- 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Is the amendment of the 
Senator from Maine so limited that it applies 
merely to the running, or is it to the making of 
the road ? 
i Mr. FESSENDEN. It applies merely to the 
use of steam power. 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 do not know whether 1 
exactly understand thc terms of this amendment. 
Is it intended that the clause shall read: and 
the said company shall have power to use steam 
or locomotive power*on the whole or any part of 
benefit of the public. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. My expression was, that said road hereby extended" under the Cöntröl of 
this is more for the benefit of the public than of the citv authorities? 
Mr. TESSENDEN. No, sir. so far as the 
themselves. No doubt it is mutually beneficial. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. They intend to have it use of steam power is concerned, they must ob- 
tain the consent of the city authorities; find they 
I beneficial to thcnusclves, at any rate. Now, what 
do ask in behalf of tbc corporation of Wash- may im ose condit.ions. 
in ffton; because we are their guardians: we legis- {ENNEDY I hardly know whether I 
