178 
can very well accept that amendment, bécause it I 
wilt destroy really one of the great features of this 
whole plan. The objectisto run under the grounds 
of the Capitol, away on the further side of the 
public square, entirely out of sight, with their 
steam engines. The very object In going under 
Capitol-hill by a tunnel is to have the use of steam; 
so that they can have an unbroken chain from 
here all the way through. They can run the same 
cars and the same engines. If they are to be de- 
privcd of the use of steam inside of the town, they 
may as well use the ordinary horse road. 
Mr. FESSENDEN: My answer to that is, 
that it must be undcr the control of somebody. 
They do not go through this city all, the way In 
It is only for a very short distance, 
the tunnel. 
commencing at the back of the Capitol. They 
come out in the marsh below, and they then pass 
through the main streets of the city. As the bill 
now stands, they may go as they pleasc with ref- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 21, 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difficulty arises from 
the want Of sufficient definitiveness in the section. 
Mr. MASON. If this amendment prevailss it 
would bc giving advantages to one of these con- 
tinuous routcs leading to the South over another. 
There is a continuous railroad now from the. town 
of Alexandria to Memphis, in Tennessee, and be- 
yond that point. The bill authorizes the Balti- 
more and Ohio Company to build a 
bridge across the river to connect with that rail- 
road. That will be a important privilege to 
this southern railroad. q hen there is a very im- 
portant route which connects at Washington city 
by steamboat* plying from the city of Washing- 
ton to Aquia creek, in Virginia, where it meets a 
railroad, and passes south, through Richmond, 
North Carolina, This section which the 
Senator proposes to strike out, is to enable that 
linc to connect directly at Washington by means 
of the railroad provided for in the section; and if 
shall bc responsible to the United States, to the city of 
dama«es occasioned by any exercise of the powers granted 
bv this act. whether the same be direct or consequential, to 
be recovered betbre any court of competent jurisdietion in 
the District of Colmnbia in an action of trespass on the 
case. 
Mr. KENNEDY. There is no objection to 
that. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have one more amend. 
It is to insert, as a new 
ment, Mr. President. 
section : 
..and be it further enactcd, That this act may be 
SEC. — 
repealed, and ali the privileges hereby granted may be an- 
nulled or modified, limited or restrained, at the pleasure 
0T Congress, 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 trust 
not be ado ted. 
Mr. FE!SENDEN. Why, Mr President,we 
have a great many railroads in our State, and in 
Nlassachusetts and Vermont, and the different 
I States of New England, and that provision is in 
it will give vcry great advant- 
it is stricken out, 
crence to that matter. Of course, the city author- 
ities would not interfere to prevent it, unless it ages to tho one route over the other on this sub- 
was dangerous to themselves. It simply imposes jc-ct, which, I suyjpose, ought not to bc done. 
the condition unou thern that they shall be sub- The arncndtncnt was rejected. 
ject to such restriction as may be Imposed by the i Mr. FESSENDELN. -Now, I move in the fourth 
city authorities in reference to the use of steam 
sect.ion, after the word " time," in the sixth line, 
It is in all the charters within my knowl- 
power, 
edge Where a railroad company is authorized to 
use steam passing through a City. How is it in 
the city of Baltimore? They do not allow them 
to go through at all. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Oh, yes, sir. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not do it; that 
is to say, from depot to depot. 
Mr. KENNEDY. The steam cars come into 
the city at night, and go through when the main 
travel is off. They do not in connecting with 
Philadelphia. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not do it in the 
day time. 
Mr.KENNEDY. 1 would prefer it 
ment were altered, so as that it should be made 
subjcct to such regulation as Congress shall de- 
termine. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, Congress 
age such matters. The city authorities are the 
proper )crsons to do it. 
Well, sir, let us make a 
{ENNICDY. 
provision rcgulatil')g their rate of speed. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is covered by the 
phrase, " upon such terms and conditions." 
Mr. KENNEDY. think the amendment in- 
It 
cludes rather more than the Senator states. 
would give power to the city to exclude the use 
of steam ontn•cly. I would rather have a vote on 
the amendment. 
The. PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate 
ready for the quest,ion on the amendment? 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 am perfectly willing to 
agree to it, if the gentleman will name such rates 
of speed as shall bc agreed upon. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 cannot (10 that, sir. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Then 1 the 
amendment. 
The amendment was rcjcctcd. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have not got through 
want to make this bill 
with my amend tnents. 
somewhat decent, or at any rate to do my duty 
I move to strike out the third section Riv- 
ing them power to build a horse-railroad within 
the limits of the city to other oints. 
The PRESIDING OFFIC%R. section 
proposed to be striken out will bc read. 
to insert the words not exceedin" one year from 
It. will be observed that, 
the passage of this act. 
until this tunnel is completed, we arc in the power 
of this railroad company to carry passengers and 
freight across herc in front of the Capitol, or any 
other direction they choose to go; and I think 
there should be some limitation of time, because, 
if there is not, they may take their own timc, and I 
never build the tunnel at all. 
Mr. KENNEDY. I trust that the amendment 
will not prevail; for it must be apparent to every 
gentleman that you cannot make a tunnel of the 
I do not know 
length of this one, in one year. 
what time they will take; but I want to give them 
r I'heir object will bc to o•et 
timc enough to do it. 
it done at as early a day ns t.héy possibly can, 
It depends 
after the work has been commenced. 
entirely on what sort of matct•ial they have got 
they do not find rock, they may 
i to encoun ter. 
I do it in the course, perhaps, of eighteen months, 
or two years; but should not like to say less 
than turo years. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 desire that they may 
It is not my intention to 
have reasonable time. 
lin•it them to any tune in which they are to do it, 
but to have it done in a reasonable tin-10. If one 
year is not enough, take a longer time; but cer- 
tainly I think it ought to be done in- one year. 
Mr. KF,NNEDY. Say two or three years. I I 
do not believe, myself that they can do It in two 
years. 
Mr. WILSON. I understand that the parties 
desired five years. I may be mistaken in that. I 
will suggest to the Senator from Maryland to call 
it three years. 
Mr. RENNEDY. 1 accept that suggestion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does 
ator from Maine accept the amendnlent to the • 
amendment, to insert three years instead of one? 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am willing to accept 
r do not see 
an amendment to insert two years. 
every charter. They deem it necessary to retain 
control over the subject, and not put these great 
powers entirely in the hands of a corporation. 
No evil whatever has followed; and unless you 
Inean to put the city of Washington and Congress 
under the control of the Baltimore and Ohio rail- 
road corporation, you will retain that power. It 
ought to be retained in all cases where we crrant 
privileges of this description. 
Mr. MASON. aware that in an of 
incorporation there is a right reserved to the legis- 
lative power to modify, but I am not awarc that 
they reserve a rirrht to repeal or to annul. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Always. 
Mr. MASON. I move to amend the amend- 
ment by striking out the word " repealed," so as 
to leave it that Congress may modify it. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have only one word in 
addition, Mr. President, and that is this: expe- 
ricnce proved some years ago, when it used to be 
customary to grant these charters, and these large 
powers were given to corporations, that the pub- 
lic suffered very great detriment from them, from 
tbc fact that the Legislature had parted witl) all 
its power on the doctrine of vested rights; but the 
modern Democratic doctrine for the last twenty 
years in all these cases has been, in 
to retain absolute control over it, in order 
power, 
tö see that the powers granted were properly ex- 
ercised, and retain the power to cnforcc it. • That 
has been Democracy. Now, if Senators do not 
choose to come up to what has been the practice 
almost invariably, to retain entire power over 
I wish to give them a 
these charters, so be it. 
chance to act upon it. 
Mr. MASON. The beneficial power is reserved 
when vou reserve the right to modify or to con- 
trol. 'The power to repeal is to destroy; and I 
should rather question whether we can safi:iy 
receivc Democratic doctrine expoundcd from that 
quarter. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
ment proposed by the Senator from Virginia to 
the amendment will be read. 
to strike out the words 
The Secretary read it : 
repealed, and all the privileges hereby granted 
so that it will read: 
why it should take three years to a tunnel may be annulled or;" 
here going through this hill, where there is no 
rock cxcavation at all, but merely to dig through 
the hill; and if this great Baltimore and Ohio road, 
to make a tunnel for that little distance, require . 
jnore than two years, they will never do it at all. 
It is idle to talk about there not boing time enough 
Thc Secretary read it, as follows: 
" SEC. 3. and be it further enacted, rl*hat power and au- to do it in two years, it' they intend to do it at 
thority are hereby given to said company to lay a track, and 
to usc the saine ikn• the transportation of passengers and ii 
freight, fronk some suitable point on the route hereby au- 
Long Bridge and the Navy-yard, so as to bc connected with 
southern lincg of stea:nboats plying on the Pot01nac rive! 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 trust tho Senate will not 
strike out that provision. 
It is to accommodate 
another section of the country entirely. That 
road. is to go down and connect by the arsenal 
with the steamboats that run to Richmond and the i 
It is for 
lower route. still, entirely off this line. 
the lower routes, through the lower part of Vir- t 
Cinia and North Carolina. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be the object; 
but it is fully defined. 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 cannot conceive what t 
possible harm or what possible objection can be 
urged to that provision. 
all'. I will accept. t',vo years. That certainly must i 
be ample. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment as modified; to insert two 
years instead of one. 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 will accept it. 
The amendmcnt was agreed to. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move to the 
words c' the same," in the fifth line of the fourth 
and be it further enacted, 'Phat this act may be modified, 
li:nited, or restrained, at the pleasure of Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment to the amendment. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would not be ex- 
actly an expression that we should be proud of. 
I should like to have it more precise, in the terms 
I. suppose the Senatpr means, 
of my drafting. 
undoubtedly, to retain the words, " that the priv- 
ileges hereby conferred by this act may be m'od- 
ified,restricted,"&c. Iam opposed to that amend- 
mcnt, and would rather have it in broad terms; 
but, if it be made, let us have it in proper lan- 
guage. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary 
wilk go frame the amendment to the amendment, 
by horse power." Other- if there be no objection. 
section, the words, " 
'The Secretary read the amendment: to strike 
N,vise we shall have the engines running here for 
that this act may be repealed, 
out the words 
the next two years in front of the Capitol. 
Mr. KENNEDY. I have no objection to that. li and the privileges hereby granted may be an- 
" that the. priv- 
nulled or;" and insert the wrords 
The amendment was agreed to. 
so that the sec- 
ileges hereby granted may be;" 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move to insert the fol- read: 
lowinty as an additional section at the end of the 
,Rnd be it further enacted, That the privileges hereby 
granted may be modified, limited, or restrained, at the pleas- 
bill: 
Sec. 7. ..Rnd be it further enacted, That said company ure of Congress. 
