1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to have the 
yeas and nays on .the amendment to the amend- 
ment. 
Tbc yeas and na-ys were, ordered. 
Mr. SIMMONS. the charters passed in 
my State, of every kind, since 1822, wc have a 
clause that the act Shall be subject to alh future 
action of the Legislature, whcthcr in repeal or 
amendment. We never have had any trouble. 
I think it ought to be. so now. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is whatit. is now. 
Mr. SIMMONS. If you do not amend the 
amendment to the amendment, but if this amend- 
ment should prevail, it would only make a quar- 
rcl as to how far you can restrain them. 
The question being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 21, nays 20; as follows. 
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bragg, Clingman, Davis, Fitz- 
patrick, Green, Gwin, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkan- 
sas Kennedy, Nfason, Nicholson, Pok, Powell, 
Rice, Saulsbury, Slidell, Wigfhll, and Yulee—21. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chan- 
dler, Clark, Collalner, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, 
Foster, Grimes, Harlan, King, Simmons, Sumner, 'I'rum- 
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—20. 
So the amendment to the amendment was 
agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
now is on the amendment as amended. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose there is no 0b- 
jection to it as amended. 
'I'he amendinent, as amended, was adopted. 
Mr. CAMERON. to amend- 
Insert as a new section the followincr: 
ment. 
. Jlnd be it 'further enacted, That atl the provis- 
SEC. — 
ions of this act shall be inoperative unless the said Baiti- 
and Ohio Railroad Company shall pro-rate for pas- 
sencer fares and check baggaae over their main line or 
branches to and fi•orn Washington city, with and over all 
railroads terminating at Alexandria, Washington city, or 
Baltienore, and with the connections of the same, on terms 
as favorable as the said Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com- 
pan y Inay make with any other terminating or connecting 
Mr. KENNEDY, 1 hope that amendment will 
not be adopted. I do not really see what the great 
Senate of the United States has got to do with 
checking baggacre. on roads in other States. We 
are notquite prepared to play the part of baggage- 
masters, I think. 1 hope the amendment will be 
• Mr. CAMERON. 1 am very much delighted 
with this evidence of dignity—very much indeed. 
The Senator would like to know what we have 
got to do with checking baggage in the States. I 
think we have everything to do with the public's 
comfort and convenience. Here is railroad that 
makes the connection with Philadelphia, going 
North, by one route, but will not do so with 
others. Why shall a man living away up in 
Pennsylvania and going to Charleston, South 
Carolina, bc cornpelted to pay a tax of fifty cents 
on going through t.he city of Baltimore because 
of this railroad? No man going North from Balti- 
more, or coming from the North to Baltimore, 
going to the South, can do so without paying fifty 
cents for getting his baggage carried across from 
onc depot to anothcr. He is even prevented from 
Inaliing the con nection at Pittsburg and otbcr 
just because his baggage is not 
places North 
chocked, unless he travels by the Baltimore and 
Ohio road. For instance: a man leaving Pitts- 
burg, coming down to Baltimore and Washing- 
ton by the Baltimore and Ohio road, and göino• 
further south, can get his baogagc checked at 
Pittsburg and delivered at the erid of his journey 
Charleston; but if he thinks proper to comc 
from Pennsylvania by another route, by Pitts- 
burg and down the straight road, then they will 
not do so. 
Now, I can see no barm that this amendment 
can do to anybody; bat it will do a great deal of 
good to the public. I cannot imagine why this is 
to be made a party question on the other side; 
because all the votes upon this bill to-day, on 
that side, have been brought up as closely as if 
it had been the most strict party question in the 
country. Are the North and the South herc to 
be divided about checking travelers' baggage or 
about compelling railroad companies to do their 
cannot imagine that this 
duty to the public? 
It is a fair proposition, and I take 
is to be so. 
it for granted that every n'}an who has the public 
convenience at heart, and who desires to travel 
conveniently himself, will vote for it. 
Mr. KENNEDY. I disclaim any design on 
my part to make it a party question in any view 
wrhatever. We havc asked simply for the right 
of way to go through the public property, to 
•If we 
facilitate the transportation of the mails. 
carry out the amendment of the Senator, we may 
i just as well be compelled to check baggage with 
I c very other road in the United States. 
I do not 
conceive that it is thc business of the Senate at 
It is a thing for the railroads themselves to 
all. 
settle hereafter. 
Mr. CAMERON. Why, Mr. President, they 
do chcck baggage with cvery road in the United 
States' goinrr on their favorite route. A man at 
Beston can- get his check therc and receivc his 
bacrgacrc in Washington by this road; but a man 
coming from the northeast, from Syracuse or 
Osweo•o or from Niagara Falls, cannot do so, 
because ib does not suit the interests of this com- 
pan y, which has a close connection with the Phil- 
adelphia and Wilmington road. 
Mr. WADE. Or the northwest. 
Mr. CAMERON. No in that direction. 
It is just what every other railroad in thc United 
States does for a passenger starting from any point 
in the United States. is no other road or 
no other piece of road of this extent in the whole 
country on which you cannot pass from one point 
of the country to another, wit.h your baggage 
checked through, except this one. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. the object 
of this mnerldment it IS simply this: when this 
railroad company comes here to ask for a o•reat 
convenience for themselves and the traveling pub- 
lic to go through this city and connect with the 
railroads south, I think It is but just that we 
some limitation upon this privilege. Now, thiis 
Baltimore and Ohio railroad wilf check baggage 
from here to Chicago, if you will go over the 
v,' hole linc of their road, and go to Indianapolis, 
and in that way to Chicago; but if you desire to 
go there by a morc dire•ct route, by Pittsburg and 
Cleveland, your baggage cannot be checked 
it not fbr the simple 
through at all. Now, sir, 
question of checking baggage that we want to 
put a little restriction upon this great mammoth 
corporation that is taxing every passenger that 
over it a much higher rate than is charged 
upon railroads generally. 
Sir, the vote which we have just taken by yeas 
and nays gives to me one of thc tnost instra»ctive 
lessons in the whole political history of the coun- 
try. For twenty years, x,vhen stood in the ranks 
of the Democratic party, and helped to fi2ht its 
battles and win its victories, one of its rallying 
cries was not to give, by legislative power, au- 
thority to corporations beyond the power of the 
Legislature to repeal it. What do we see here? 
The whole party calling itself the Democratic 
party of the country, voting in a solid mass to 
put beyond the control of Congress any power 
over this corporation. 
Now, sir, i am willing to "rant a reasonable 
II privilege to this corporation, and to accommodate 
the public; but when they ask favors, let them 
It is no rnore than right to ask 
yield favors. 
that this company, if it checks baggage from 
Washington over one route, shall be required to 
check baggage and also to makc connections with 
the other roads that connect with it at Baltimore 
or at Alexandria; that this road which asks priv- 
ilcges here for the benefit of the public, shall act 
fairly and justly with the traveling public and 
with the railroads that run into it. 
Mi. DOUGLAS. I am willing to insert any 
provision in the bill that is proper to secure equal 
facilities to all the railroads that may be con- 
nected witli the one that will use this tunnel; but 
it seems to me that when they merely ask the 
privilege of making a tunnel under the hill to 
make this connection, it is hardly right for us to 
try to regulate travel and transportation on all 
It strikes me so. 
the other roads. 
I cannot understand the attempt to make this a 
party question. are told about the Democ- 
I racy all being in favor of one doctrine. Well, if 
this side has all changed on this subject, it seems 
to me the other side has changed too; and there- 
fore, on the question of consistency, are even. 
I do not think it is necessary to put in any reser- 
I think the power exists to make 
vation at all. 
any modification of a corporation of this kind, 
whencver the public interests require it, without 
a reservation of power. It is a curious thing to 
find apartyquestion made upon an 
underground 
railroad, * ' '-this side-- all for. it, and that 
I' know it is the first 'timefIÆvéi vas 
agairiSt it. 
in favor of it, and the first'titné'l ever knexi them 
to bc against it'. 
Mr. KENNEDY desire to sirigle 
word to correct the misapprehension • of. gentle- 
men on the other side, éspecia-lly"the SenåtOÉfröm 
Wisconsin. You can check baggage now by tJiis 
route all the way from New Orleäns to New 
York, and from 'New York. to New Oi;leanS. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 admit thät. -That is just 
the thing of which I complain. This road will 
check baggage upon some particular'favorite routes 
of their own, With svhich they are connectéd; but 
they will not check baggage for other routes -that 
run into their road. From here to Chicago, over 
the PittSburg and Fort Wayne rOad—- 
Mr. KENNEDY. You 
apprehension. It does not connect with that'road. 
It separated 'by-the city of Baltimore, that is on 
one side of the •town and this road on the other. 
These lines on which 'it does cÅeck all the way 
It is continuous frail a)] the 
through all connect. 
way throukh. 
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from Wis- 
consin will allow me, 1 desire to correct the .Sen& 
ator from Maryland'. The Senator from Mary- 
land lives in thc city of Baltimore, and it is most 
surprising that hc should bc so ignorant of the 
connection with his own city. Hc says this road 
is on one side of the town and the Baltimore and 
Ohio road on the other. They.conneét just as 
much as the Philadelphia and Wilmington road 
connects. They connect with the Philadelphia 
and Wilmington road by a road running through 
the city , and they have another connection through 
Howard street m Baltimore; and the Senator cer- 
tainly ought to know it. 
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, 1 am disposed 
to favor this amendment asa matter of public con- 
venience. I know the diffcult_ies and annoyances 
that occur to travelers; because have experi- 
enced them in my own case, when we are com- 
pelled to give up our baggqge at certain points 
and recheck it frequently upon the road. It is a 
very great convenience to travelers to have their 
bacgage checked {Ili•ough from one point to the 
other, and not be compelled to break for the con- 
vcnicnce or the interest of the railroad companies. 
In this case this corporation corne to Congress 
and ask for what, of course, must be considered 
a very important privilege. If it was not so, they 
would not ask for it. Undoubtedly we have the 
right to impose terms upon them; and if we give 
them an important monopoly of this kind, a priv-. 
ilegc which is important to them, it is and 
proper that we should impose such restrictions 
upon them, and such terms as will conform and 
I think it is 
conduce to the public convenience. 
just and proper that this road should be compelled 
to check the baggage of passengers _through all 
the roads that connect with it, and not put them 
to the inconvenience of rechecking at Baltimore, 
or any other point. 
The Senator from Maryland says thatthis Penn- 
sylvania road does not connect at Bältitnore. That 
is a matter of no consequence. : One •runs into 
Baltimore, and the other runs out of Baltirnore, 
and they can connect. They can carry the bag- 
gage by transportation by omnibuses or by bag- 
gagc-cars, which is freqUen tly donc on other roads. 
Between here and my residence in my own State, 
there are numbers of breaks in the railroad. There 
is one at the city of Richmond; there is another 
It is more than a mile, 
at the city of Petersburg. 
perhaps a mile and a half, between the two de- 
pots; and yet our baggage is checked through, and 
we never have any difficulty. They can check 
through at Baltimore, and carry the bacgacre 
across to the Pennsylvania road without any in- 
convenience, and with very little expense to them. 
If the railroad company is not compelled to do it, 
then the passengers must do it* and attend toit in 
person. It is a very great inconvenience, espe- 
cially to females, who sometimes travcl without 
I think this provision ought to 
any protection. 
bc put in the bill; and as we are giving them an 
important privilege, they should bc at least com- 
pelled to extend this convenience to the tråvelipg 
pu blic. 
Mr. GREEN. I shall vote against this ymend& 
It is true, we have a right to impose terms 
ment. 
and conditions within this District; butato impose 
terms and condit.ions on -a business thousand 
