180 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 21, 
miles off, or anywherc beyond tho jurisdiction of by the Pennsylvania Central or the Fort Wayne 
the, Federal Government, is certainly wrong. We road, he can only purchase a ticket to Baltimore, 
would have just as much right to say that they I and can only get his bvmage checked to that 
should use exclusively Pennsylvania iron and I point. 
If he is traveling with a colored servant 
It affects business beyond 
Pennsylvania coal. 
our jurisdiction, and we have no right to impose 
any such conditions. Within this District we 
have a right to put what conditions we think ne- 
cessary, but not anything affecting the roads out 
of it; and I shall therefore vote against it. 
Mr. BRAGG. I think the amendment offered 
by the Senator from Pennsylvania goes further 
than the gentleman intimates—the checking of 
[t requires this company to pro-rate 
passenger fare '•.V1th all railroad companies or lines 
which terminate either at Alexandria, Washing- 
ton, or Baltimore; and the object is to compel 
business relations for the convenience of thesc 
cross-routes, one of which, i presume, the hon- 
orable gentleman alludes to in his own State. MY e 
all know, as to checking of baggve through, that 
done on the main lines North and South ; but as 
tf) these cross-routes, I do not know how it is in 
the gentleman's section of country, but in my 
section vou have to attend to your bago•aee when 
you reach those lines. It cannot bc expected thal 
a great through line like thisfrom Boston to New 
—I do not knovv' 
Orlcans, or perhaps further north 
how far north you can check your baggage— 
Mr. KENNEDY. Portland, Maine. 
Mr. BRAGG. Maine, 1 understand, 
can be required to pro-rate as to the passengers 
on these other routes; for I suppose, If vou can 
make them pro-rate with the gentleman s road, 
you can make thcm do so with anv other between 
It seems tÖ me cn- 
the two termini spoken of. 
tire!y traveling out of our duties here 10 under- 
settle these rnulters between this road and 
It Inn y bc a very great 
thc other cross-routes. 
advantacre to the gentleman und his constituents; 
it may be of convenience to any person traveling 
over the route; but it seems to me il is a Inatter 
which this Senate ought not to undertake to settle 
now. 
Mr.- CAMERON. As to that portion of 
amendment in relation to the fare, 
do not care about it, and are willii$g to strike It 
out; but want thc right to ha baggage checked 
through to the city of Washington on all routes. 
The Senator is not corrccl when he says that they 
only check baggage through on main routes. r [they 
do so on all rot.ltes extending to n like this 
from any part of the United States. 
pen cornc by the Baltimore and Ohio railroad , 
they will cheek your l,ere; or you conu: 
fro rn any part of the South , goino• wrest, , or north, 
or northeast, and go over this road, t ho y will check 
nun willino• to 
your baggage through. 
havc the i;ortion of the amendnncnt relating to the 
pro-rating of f'tu•e stricken out. 
Mr. BRAGG. 
barely s•ucrgesl to tl)C 
but I will 
mattor•, 
f'rmn Pennsylvania, that this thing 
would not be mutual. We require this road to 
check bacrcrarrc. Y Qu have no right to require t 
other lines to check baggage ill this direction. You 
it, however, obligalory upon this corn pan y 
di roc.tion, t 
when t.he is going in one 
check the If that be the case, thc whole 
c xpeuse of the thing will fall upon this company, 
for they must have acycnts comtnon to both roads, 
or else this company will have the whole ox-nense 
At all events, it is 
of that arrant7ement to bear. 
not obligatory upon the other companies. You 
by thc Pittsburg road, o-r thc Wheeling road, it 
is o,nly necessary for him to give a bond here to 
enable him to go through without any further 
If he wishes to go by the Pennsylvania 
question. 
Central road, he is not only compelled to give a 
bond here, but he must givc another in Baltimore. 
If the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl- 
vania is to correct this, I shall vote for it. 
Mr. CAMERON. It is precisely as the sen- 
ator from Minnesota has staled. 
Mr. MASON. I know very little of these rad- 
I road arranxcmcnts; but, as I understand it, if a 
gentleman is traveling from here to Baltimore, 
yond our jurisdiction, in the city of Baltimore. 
The State of Maryland can regulate the road there ; 
but Congress cannot. The State can make them 
check the baggage; but we cannot. We can rec- 
t ulate the road within the limits of this District, 
but not beyond; and to impose terms of condition, 
and say that, when we go to the depot in the city 
of 'Washington, that is within out' jurisdiction, is 
unfair, unfriendly legislation, indirect legislation, 
unconstitutional legislation , affecting the road out- 
side of our limits. Shall we do by indirection 
what we have no right to do by a direct act? 
I think clearly not. 
Mr. CAMERON called for the yeas and nays; 
and they were ordered. 
Mr. IUCE. I would ask if that portion of the 
amendment has been stricken out, to the striking 
whether he can get his baggage checked from here out of which the Senator from Pennsylvania said 
i to Baltimore must depend upon the pleasure or he would consent? 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 have no objection to strik- 
wilt of the railroad company from here to Balti- 
and then there is a company from Balti- 
. i ing it out. 
morc; 
, more to Philadclphia; and another one to New 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 have just been informed 
York, &c. It raust be by arranøcmcnt with them i that the Baltimore and Ohio have a 
01' necessity, because these companies who are i at their own expense to transfer this now. 
different froni 1110 one giving the check, will not All that gentlernen have to do is to hand their 
be responsible for the baggage under their chargc, checks to him, and the bagga«re is carried over. 
I have just this instant been informed of that Fact 
unless there is some arranoement with thorn. 
And so, croin•r south, there are halfa dozen com- 
panies, probably more, from here to New Orleans; 
und although, presume, there may be some 
arrangement made by which baggage may be 
chocked from here to New Orleans, it must be by 
the consent of those companies, because they 
cornc under a responsibility by it. 'I'he cfIL•ct of 
the amendment, as I understand it, will be to de- 
vilcgeg gran ted 
prive LhiN company of all the 
by the bill, unless these arrantrennents are made 
fcn• the checking ot• baggatyc through, which will 
depend on the will of other ('so n) panics. 
Mr. CAMERON. No, Mr. President; it de- 
pends entirely on the will of this company. This 
company sets itself up as an authority to say 
what companies shall cheék with it, and what 
'l'he case was stated very clearly and 
I by tho Senator frorn Wisconsin. 
are o•oin west over the IBultimorc arid Ohio rail- 
by one of the agents of the road. 
Mr. FITCH. The Pennsylvania Central route, 
in connection with the branch of the Baltimore 
and Ohio railroad between this city and Baltimore, 
is the route over which I ordinarily travel; and if 
any such arrangement exists, as the Senator from 
Maryland states, it is a very recent one. The 
want of such an arrano•ctncnt us t bat proposed by 
t hc Senator froun Pennsvlvania isa m•eat annoy- 
'l"he Senator froiu Missouri says we can 
ance. 
I regard this as in the nattu•e of 
exact a bonus. 
one . 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 passed through the 
other day, and had to pay myself—only fast Tues- 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 have just this been 
at the door of the fact which I stated. 
Mr. CAMERON. Then the Senator 
I have stricken out that portion of 
Inisinfonned. 
n) y zuncndtnent which relates to pro-rating the 
road, vou can have your boggage checked at the 
but if you are west any : pay. 
Mr. YULEE. {think all these may 
01 her route, you Illust first go to _Ba lthnore, and 
properly be left to arrangement among the com- 
depot; and, in 
then find your to the other 
b panies lhetuselves. We ouo•ht not to interfere 
the Incan tinl?, run the risk of your baggage beino• 
N:ly colleague understands the question as 
, and he is aware of the difliculty and 
now experienced . 
annoyance 
this Nub.ject bas I 
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, 
been aiready very fully discussed, 
I shall vote for the 
sire to say a word two. 
I agree that it is 
nrncndt-nent of' my colleague. 
legislation of rat.her an extraordinary c.haracter•, 
Init. I think the 
nature of the case requires it. 
should not the public in this par- 
• ; and they ouzht. to do it. Mr. President, 
you cannot nnao•ino n o•reate.r an n oyance , a greater 
hazard, 
at tunes, a «rreatcn• 
Inconvenience 
at one of Olli' railroad depots, in 
stopping 
to transnort, It across 
order to get your 
with them. 
COLLAMER. Let the amendment be 
read as it now stands. 
The Secretary read Mr. CAMERON's amend- 
as modified, to insert as a ncw section: 
and bc it furth.cr enacted, That all the provisions ot• this 
act shall bc inoperative unless the said Baiti!norc and (_)hio 
Railroad Company shall check bagage over their main line 
or branches to and frorn VVas:hingtQ11 city, with aud over 
alt railroads tcrtninating at Alexandria, VVashington citv, 
aq favorable as the said Baltimore and (.)llio Rail. 
road Company Inay make with any other terminatincr or 
connectintr 
Mr. POLK. I know very little about this 
checking of baggage, and I föel very much indis- 
because I do 
posed to vote for the amendment, 
not think it is a matter that I.ve, ought to legislate 
'i'liis coin pan y ought to 
ore . 
It ought to depehd upon arrange- 
upon at all. 
I arn free 
ha ve made the arran [0 a o•o. 
rnents betwee.n the different coinpanies. I should 
legislation of 
to contöss that I dislike to vote 
like to know whether this company can 
they corne herc asking an import- 
this kind; 
such an arrancrcrnent for checking the baggacre, 
I anl wikling• to 
ant privilege, which, 
nnysclt• of with the other companies, unless the other corn- 
In doino• so, however, I avail 
panics will consent to do it. My understanding 
opportunity of insisting that they shall 
the amendment, as il reads, is, tl')at it makes 
cannot put a provision in this charter making it ! accornmodate the public. I desire 110 longer to be 
obligatory upon them; because they aro asking annoyed in crctling my baggage through the city the privileges of this company conditioned upon 
that checking; and if the other companies should 
I care noching about the amount 
of Baltimore 
no favors from you. 
Mr. CAMERON. It is obligatory upon them, i that have to pay for it, nor do my constituents refuse to permit the checking, then all theprivileges 
hccau.sc they will all bc glad LO do so; and the I care for tbc amount they have to pay; but it is m•antcd I')Y this act to this company may be nutli- 
tied. I aln utterly opposed, myself, to anything that 
reason why I put it hcrc is, because this company i I t hc illconvenience of" at the depot and 
looks beyond the District of Columbia with ye- 
rcfuses, this is the only time t.hat we can gettinø out bao'(ya're, where there is a large amount 
an bour. When gard to this company. There may be an incon- 
It souretin)eg takes half 
compel them to agree to some such arran«ement. 
They now come here asking privileges, and we i females are traveling atone, it is virtually irnpos- i i venience; but think we ought not to intermed- 
I say this provision i.s die with such matters at all. 
I Sible for th€nn to gct it.. 
grant them, on condition that they shall do cer- 
RICE. My honorable friend from Mis- 
vain things. It is perfectly fair. This IS the only no hardship and no inconvenience to this con'l„ 
Every other company is pan y. The company ought prompt] v to to souri is; certainly mistaken. By passing this bikl 
thne that we can do it. 
InaK-c the arrancement for the acconnnodation of It wc o•ivc additional privileges to a certain coml)any. 
prepared to do this. 
The present arranø•emont imnoses upon us the 
the public. I shaft vote the amendment.. 
Mr. RICE. I wish to ask the Senator from 
WI r. GREEN. ()ae word. Congress•have the necessity of takil'lg their route to or o? 
Pennsylvania one t hit!'" in to the object of 
subjectinff ourselves to expense and great incon- 
right. to exact a bonus for this charter privilege, 
As I understand , sir, a person 
his tuner,chnent. 
venienco if we take another route. I prefer qoing 
but do not propose t.o ask 
troir:g froin here to the Norkhwest,lf I 
by the Pennsylvania Central' railroad; but can- 
purchase a any bonus, which would be the Government prop- 
bv thc Ohio and 
checked through to erty. On the other hand, it is proposed to impose not take that route, under existing circumstances, 
ticket, and get his bag«rarrp 
If he wishes to go a condition affecting the business of the road be- unless I pay tri_bute to the city of Btxltimox•c for 
any part of the Northvv•est. 
