182 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 24, 
amended to read: A bill supplemental to an act 
entitled An act to authorize the- extension, con- 
struction, and use of a lateral branch of the Bal- 
timore and Ohio Railroad into and within the 
District of Columbia. 
ADJOURNMENT '10 MONDAY. 
MY. MASON. I move that when the Senate 
adiourns to-day, it be to meet On Monday. 
It is important, 
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 hope not. 
I think, to sit to-morrow. 
The motion x.vas 'agreed to; there being on a 
division—ayes 27, noes 12. 
COMMITTEE OF. THIRTEEN. 
Mr. YULEE. 1 rise for the purpose of mov- 
ing a reconsideration of the vote which was taken 
ester(lay excusing the Senator from Mississippi 
Mr. DA'v'1sl from service upon the special com- 
It is very much desired by 
mittee of thirtccn. 
many gentlemen upon this floor who entertain 
similar opinions in thc main with those of tbc 
Senator from Mississippi, that hc should yield 
his own view upon thc subject which led him to 
decline to serve upon that committee, and should 
permit a reconsideration of tho vote, in order that 
the committee may remain as it was at first or- 
move, 
ganized by the President,of thc Senate. 
therefore, that the vote be reconsidered, in order 
that we may I'lave from tl•rc Senator from Missis- 
sippi his c.onsent to serve u on the committee. 
'The. PRESIDING OFFfCER. It is moved 
and seconde(.Hhat the Senate reconsider its votc 
excusing the Senator from Mississippi frorn scrv- 
ino• upon the committee of thirteen. 
KING. 
I should like to hear some reason 
assigned for this. The Senator from Mississi Dpi 
is in his places arid I should like to know w iat 
are his wishes about. it. 
Mr. YULEE. 'Dhc reason is that I choose to 
make the motion ; and it is the desirc of the friends 
of the Senator from Mississippi, of those who 
concur with him in opinion, that he should serve 
on the conn-nittcc, and t.hat the committee should 
retain tl-ie cast o ritvinally assicyned _t.o it bv the 
the order of tho 
President of the Senate, under 
body. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. not know whether 1 
correctly understood 1110 Senator from Florida. 
Did I understand him to say that the Senator from 
Mississippi had consented now to servc the 
comm i Itec ? 
I said I hoped the 
Mr. YULEE. No, sir. 
Senator from Mississippi would yield to the dc- 
*ire of his friends from his section of the country. 
The question being put; there on n division 
—a ves 23, noes G; no quorum votino•. 
Mr. MASON. is a quorum prcsent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. is 
in the opinion of thc Chair, but 
quorum present, 
a (i (10 i•qrn hås not voted . 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 for tho and 
' I take thc om:jortunity to say 
that in votino• as I have done acainst excusing the 
I did so because no reasol'l has been as- 
Senator, 
r I"hc Senator froin Missis- 
signed to tbc Senate. 
gippi, hitnself, stated his unwillingness to serve. 
and asked to bc excused, and we excused him. 
lhe Senator fronm Mississipl')i has changed his 
opinion upon that subject, and is willing to serve 
on the. committee, 1 tor one, am willing to reverse 
the vote and action of the Senate. 
Mr. YULEE. 1 think that, when the, Senate 
has (leumrn)incd to reconsider the motion, it will be 
tune enough t.o consult the Senator from Missis- 
carry the resolution of inquiry offered by the 
Mr. BENJAMIN. nays. 
Senator from Nev.r Hampshire. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 have just come in, and i 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee 
It does not 
do not know what the vote is. You may count 
carry the joint resolutions 
either way, in order to make a quorum, if my 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not a joint reso- 
lution; but a resolution offered by the Senator 
from New Hampshire asking for infonnation 
It is not intended to carry 
from the President. 
that, I suppose. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessce. No, sir. 
Mr.' DOOLITTLE. There is one resolution 
pending before the Senate, on which the Senator 
frotn Tennessee [Mr. NICHOLSON) has the floor. 
Is that to be referred to the committee? 
Mr. GREEN. 1 ask the Chair if there is not! Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, No; not the 
joint resolutions. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is not referred, then. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee No, that 
is a joint resolution. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate 
do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
MONDAY, Dcconbcr 24, 1860, 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap- 
Hon. STEPHEN R. MALLORY, of Florida, ap- 
peared in his seat. 
BILL BECOME A LAW. 
A incssage from the President. of the United 
States, by MI'. GLOSSBRENNF.R, his Secretary, an- 
sippi as to" his consent to withdraw the objection 
whicl) hc presented yesterday. I confess that .1 
am somewhat surprtscd at the objection which is 
Mladc t.o t.he proposition to reconsider. A motion I 
to reconsider is cyeneratly a matter of course, and 
the subjec.!. is not before the Senato un til the recon- 
sideration has been made. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is 
clearly of opinion that a quorum of the Senate is 
0.sent; and the Chair will put the question acyain, 
ant: request Senators to vote. As many as are in 
of the inotion, which is, that the Senate re- 
consider the vote cxcusing the Senator from M:s- 
sxss•ippi from servintr on the. committee designated, 
w i M rise. 
Upon a division, there were—ayes 26, noes 5; 
no q u o runa votin 
PRESIDING OFFICER. There sev- 
cral Senators presctlt who did not vote. 
vote. will I-nake a quoruill. 
GREEN. Yours and the Presiding Offl- 
cer's will. 
Mr. WADE. 1 move that the Senate adjourn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is •not in 
order, in the opinion of the Chair, to entertain 
the motion to adjourn, until the question before 
the Senate is decided. 
Mr. WADE. I thought it was in order at any 
time. 
a quorum? The vote was twenty-six in the affirrn- 
ativc, and five in the negative. The Chair votil)ff 
makes thirty-two, and a Senator has come in, 
making thirty-three. 
Mr. CHANDLER. And the Chair may count 
me. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That would 
make a quorum—thirty-four members. The ayes 
have it. 'The motion to reconsider is carried. 
Mr. YULEE. 1 will now say, con- 
sultat-ion with gentlemen representing the class 
ofStates from which the Senator from Mississippi 
comes, it is their desire that he should consent 
to serve upon that committee, and I trust he will 
therefore, in defin•ence to their wishes, reconsider 
his resolution. 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, in the very words 
which i addressed to the Senate yesterday, I in- 
It was 
tcndcd to express simply my conviction. 
not a matter of personal feeling with me. 
know myself, no public duty cvm• is. My opin- 
ion was, that thc State of Mississippi having 
takerx the subject illto her own hands, [ could not 
expect to work advantageously on the committee. 
Ncither could I, under-the circumstances, enter 
upon the labor as willingly as trust I have usu- 
all public service. .But if, in the 
ally done in 
opu)ion of others, it be l)ossible for me to do any- 
thincr for the public good, the last morncnt v.' h i le I 
stand hcrc is at the command of the Senate. If I 
could see any n')eans by which I could a vort the 
catastrophe of a struggle bet-ween the sections of 
In y past life, I hope, gives evidence of 
the effort. 
the readiness witli which I would Inalce 
If there be any sacrifice which I could on thc 
altar of my country to heal 
or prospective, no Inan has the right to doubt nw 
' r svhen Senators, en- 
readiness to do it. 
tertaining the saine opinions with myself, camc to 
me and expressed regret that I had refused to serve, 
I could but tell that .1 had only obeyed what 
I believed to be propriety in the case, not. desiring 
to shrink from the of duty, still 
i therefore 
less to indulgc in personal feeling. 
answer thc request of the Senator from Florida, 
knowing also that it is made after consultation 
with others, that if the Senate choose that I should 
and continue to 
bc placed upon the conmnittee, 
[ shall offer no further opposition. 
serve there 
The PRESIDING OF'@ICER. 'lthc motion 
to cxcuse the Senator will then be considered as 
withdrawn. 
Mr. YULEE. A motion was adopted this 
morning directing the, Vico President to fill t.be 
the Senator from 
vacancy created by CXC.USil)U 
Mississippi from service on the committee, which 
it would be proper to rescind. I rnove, therefore, 
to reconsider and rescind that resolution . 
The motion was aorccd to. 
I rise for the 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
purpose of having referred to the select committee 
that has been appointed, the resolution which 
offered some days since, and which, I think, has 
not.bcen referred to the committee. 
It was so referred. 
Mr. LANE. I desirc to know if my resolu- 
tions have been referred to that conunittee? 
I move that 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
all matters connected with the subject before that 
conunitt.ae bc referred to it. The committee was 
created for tbc purposc of considering them all; 
and I move that the resolutions introduced before 
its formation bc referred to it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved 
the resolu t,ions re .a ve to the, 
and seconded t hat. 
sui)icct-iY1atter of that corn mittoe referred. Such 
wili be considered the sense of the Senate ullless ! 
therp bc obiection . 
nounced that tbc President had approved tnd 
signed, on the 22d instant, an act (S. No. 518) 
for the relief of William A. Linn 's estate. 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Mr. BIGLER presented proceedings ofa public 
meeting held at Reading, Pennsylvania, 
purpose of' preserving the inteomity of' the U nion, 
and to give cxpression to the feeling on 
the subject which now Incnaces the peace ()i' thc 
country; which were referred to the connnit.tep of 
t nrtecn, under the resolution of N.Ir. 
Po WELL, which was adopted on the 18th instant. 
I-le also presented tbc memorial of Bartholo- 
Ocrtlyj praying for corn pensation for ser 
contract work on the 
vices as Inpasurer of 
which was referred to the 
Treasury build in 0' • 
Committee on Clailns•. 
PAPERS WI'NII)RAWN. 
On motion of Mr. NIASON, it was 
Ordered, That leave bo granted to "'ithdraw froin the 
ividow 01 
files ot• the Sennt.c t.he pctiti011 of Anna Rogers 
John Roacrs, late a s;emnan in the Navy, prayin'* a pension. 
BILLS INTRODUCED. 
Mr. BIGLER asked, and by unanimous con. 
sent obtained, leave to intröduce a bili (S. No. 
528) to provide for the supprcss:on of the inva- 
Sion of onc State or Territory by or fronn another, 
or the out of Inilitary expeditions or enter- 
prises in onc State or Territory nryain.st another, 
and for the punishment of certain offenses; which 
was read twice by its title, and referred to the 
appointed und'.»• the 
select cmnmitte.e of thirteen, 
rcsolut.ion of Mr. POWELL, which was adopted 
the 18th instant. 
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con- 
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 
529) for the Inore effectual suppression of the 
slave trade; which was read twice by its tit,c, 
and referred to the Committee on the .Tudiciary 
REPORTS OF A COMMITTEE. 
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Military 
Affairs and Militia, to whorn was referred the 
memorial of citizens of New U Im, Minnesota, 
praying an investigation of certain outrages ('-01M - 
mitted by a body of United States soldiers Sia 
tioncd at Fort i{idgely, the ef' the 
guift,y parties, and indemnification fbr the losses 
suffered, have had tl-ie same under investiga 
and do not find the allegations sustained by . 
facts, and make an adverse report. 
necessary to print it, I make no motion of t ha 
sort. 
']'he report v.ras ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. DAVIS. The same, committep, to 
was referred the petition of thc widow of 
C. Clitherall, latc a surgeon the United States 
Mr. TRÜMBULL. I suppose that does not Army, praying an allowance in licu of quarters, 
