1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
185 
finished business to-day, the bill to which the I 
Senator from Vermont alludes would be the busi- 
ness first in order; and -the fact that the unfin- 
isht.'d business was not madc special order pre- 
viou.s to its being-taken '11 p by the Senate, makes 
no difference. 
If a bill is taken up and is undis- 
posed of by the Senate, and the body adjourns 
upon it, then, uuder the determinatior) always put 
upon these rules, it becomes unfinished business, 
and entiticd to precedence on the succeeding day. 
I know it is repeatedly the case, . that Senators 
charge of particular business, who are i 
anxious that-_it shall not bc overridden, call up 
just before the Senate adjourns, so that they may 
have ic in order the next day as the first business 
at one o'clock. After the unfinished business 
shall have been disposed of, either by being fin- 
ished, or by being postponed, or by being laid 
aside in any other way, then the special order of 
which the Senator from Vermont speaks becomes 
the first business in order, and so on. Since I 
have been connected with the chair, I think it 
has been held that all unfinished business upon 
which the Senate adjourned takes precedence over 
It has certainly been my con- 
all special orders. 
struction. 
Mr. COLLAMER. It is true that there was a 
period when, perhaps, the practice was exactly 
as stated by the honorable Senator frorn Alabama; 
but the 31st rule was madc to obviate and seLlle 
this very difficulty. That is a new rule inserted i 
on a revision ot• our rules, within the last two or 
three years. The effect of the principle which I 
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me, Republican party are our mortal - enemies', and}' 
the suggestion was made by the Senator from 
Missouri, and I think acquiesced in by the Sen- 
ate, that he would not insist on the question of 
order, provided the Senator from Tennessee was 
allowed to have the floor on this bill. The Sen- 
ator from Vermont, I presume, did not so under- 
stand it. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 did not so understand it. 
Mr. MASON. If that be the fact, I must insist 
on the question of order and the vote of the Sen- 
ate. 
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know that it will 
make any difference. Were I to take the floor on 
the Kansas bill atld urge its passage, the gentle- 
rnan from Tennessee might take the floor imme- 
diately following me, and make his remarks. It 
probably amounts to the same thing On that 
suggestion, I will not insist on the floor now, if 
the. gentlen)an wishes to take it on the bill, but 
will permit him to do so. 
Mr. NICHOLSON. Mr. President, 1 took the 
floor the other day with no expectation that tl'le 
bill for the admission of Kansas would be the 
question for consideration by the Senate.. Ari- 
other question, however, somewhat germane to 
it in the views which I shall present, was expected 
r I'he remarks which I 
to be before the Senate. 
shall make, though tl'iey will not be directed par- 
ticnlarly to the propriety or impropriety of the 
admission of Ka•nsas, will have a bearing upon 
onc of the consequences of that 
increase in the number of free States. I shall there- 
the gentleman states, that the unfinished business fore proceed to pursue the line of argument in 
would take precedence of all special orders, would reference to the present crisis in our couritry, 
be to deprive this body of the power of making 
m) y special order which would be at all effective, 
if there were any business which remained under 
In that condition 
discussion for a long period. 
of things, the Senate could take up nothing. 
they made a bill a speciat order ever so many 
times, so long as any unfinished business contin- I 
ued on tho table, though it. was itself never a spe- 
it would overrule them all, and 
Cial order at all, 
supersede ail power in the Senate to make any 
special orders that would have any effcct; and as 
there is no mode of putting an end to debate by 
oar rules, everything might be superseded, and 
unfinished business. The I 
t.hat forever, by the 
31st rale was made for the very purr)ose of givino• 
a different direction to business, and securing pre- 
cedencc to the special orders over everything else, 
in the order in which they are so made, when the 
time comes for which they were assigned. When 
that time arrives, it is made the duty of the Chair I 
to call them up, that they may have precedence, 
I am not now 
unless the Senate order otherwise. 
which I had designed pursuing before this change 
in the order of business. 
In the course of the speech delivered by the 
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. WADE,] the other•day, 
hc made the fallow incr remurks: 
" I have listened to the complaints on the other side 
patiently, and with an ardent desire to ascertain what. was 
thc particular dtflicu;t.y• under which they were laboring. 
Many of those who have supposed themselves aerurieved 
but I confess that I am now t0Lally; unable 
have spoken ; 
to uDdcrstand precisely what it is of which they com- 
And further on, the same Senator said: 
But what has caused this great excitement? Sir. I 
I do not (and I say it 
will tell you what I suppose it is. 
frankly) so much blaine the people of the South; because 
-they believe, and they arc led to believe by all the intönn- 
ation that cver cmnes before then), that we, the don)inant 
party to day, who have just seized upon the reins of this 
Governtnent, are their Inortal entnnies. and stand ready t.o 
'They have been told 
trarnple their institutions under root. 
'l_'heir misfOrtnnc, or their 
so by our encnlies at the North. 
fault, is that they have lent a too easy car to the insinua- 
wouid not bear us." 
in the same speech, the Senator 
And again, 
talking about a contest hetween two special orders; 
said : 
but the subject of this unfinished business was 
Now. what do you complain of? You are going to break 
never madc a special order at all. This bill has 
up this Govertnuent•, you are to involve us in war 
been made so; and \ suppose some others, in due 
and blood, fro:n a n•nere suspiciou that we shall justity that 
tiune, will corne up in tbc same way. Now, I say 
that the 31st rule was made for the very purpose 
of enabling the Senate to make special orders that 
would come up at the hour fixed, notwithstand- 
Mr. GREEN. 1 think the Senator from ver- 
mont is clearly right if these resolutions were 
never made the special order; but, to obviate all 
take up the Kansas question, and let the Senator 
frorn Tennessee proceed on that just as well as 
on the other. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The. bill which 
the Chair announced at one o'clock, wliich is the 
bill for the admission of Kansas into the Union, 
is now before the Senate, and, in the opinion of 
the Chair, it will require a vote of the Senate to 
displace that and bring forward anything else. 
That is the question now before the Senate—the 
bili (H. R. No. 23) for the ad Eilission of Kansas 
into lhe Union—subject, of course, to the control 
of the Senate in relation to givincr any other ques- 
Mr. NICHOLSON. What the bill before 
the Senate ? 
\viiicil we staud everywhere pie.dced not to do. Would 
you be justified in the eyes of the Civilized world in taking 
and predicating it on a bare, 
so Ilionst.rous a position, 
arouudless suspicion 
seems, then, Mr. President, that this gloom 
which hangs over the cotantry, and which is secn 
and fell by us all, aud freely admitted by the Sen- 
& Ior has no better foundation, in his esti- 
Ination, than the groundless suspicion that the 
party soon to take possession of the Goverrnnetlt 
Is it possible 
intends to do something wronff. 
that this feeling which pervades the whole coun- 
try; which manifests itself in all oar intercourse; 
which is seen in the countenances of all men; and 
which indicates the fearful looking for of some sad 
calarnity that is about to befall the country, is only 
the result of an idle delusion> Is it possible that 
this wide-spread, disastrous, pecuniary and com- 
mercial revulsion that. has taken place; this de- 
struction of private and public credit which within 
the last sixty days has diminished the actual value 
of the estates of men in this country from twenty- 
is it possible, I say, that 
five to fifty per cent. , 
all these consequences, these apprehensions, thesc 
dangers, are the fruits of an idle, baseless, ground- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill for less susplcion on the partofsouthern men? Ifit 
believing that,s he does not think we are so much 
to blame; but in th'@ next breath he says be- 
-lieve this upon unfounded we 
listen to none but the mortal enemies Of t,hk 
publican party at the North, a-ndüthab-we wil•lt i.iot 
hear that party itself. 
I suppose• the Sénaeor 
alludes -to those in the North. as mortäl 
who stand opposed to the Republican party: - As 
! a matter of course, he embraces within this desig- 
•nation the Democraticparty of the Noreh.. : While 
I freely concede that he is right in sayingthat 
of the South believe his party our mortal enemies, 
I deny that that conviction•n madeon our minds 
from Information, either true or false, derived ex- 
ciusively or mainly even, from our friends of the 
North. 
W c have for them the 'highest appreciation. In 
regard to them it is my pleasure to say, that in 
the South we have for years confided in them as 
faithful friends and true pa'triots. We have re- 
garded them as standing as a barrier between our 
I rights and interests and the aggressions of ogr 
enemies; and but for their faithful and efficient 
exertions and devotion to the const.itutional-rights 
of all sections, this crisis which is nöw upon. us 
would have come years. vo. It would åt-leagt 
havc• come in 1856. My only .regret is that they 
have not been able still to stem the Current of sed- 
tionalism and fanaticism that has overwhelmed 
thein and brought full to our view the terrors of 
a dissolving Union. Whatever may come in the 
future—though this Union may be dissolved; 
though we may separate into two confederacies— 
there is one thing that will always be remembered 
by southcrn men; and that is the fidelity and 
bravery and disinterestedneés with which north- 
ern men bavc stood by and sustained and defend" 
cd our rights, until the power of sectionalism has 
at last crushed them down. 
But, Mr. President, it is true, as assumed -by 
the Senator from Ohio, that, there, does exist in 
the South a deep and wide-spread convict.ionu)at 
the Republican party mortal enemy-of the 
institutions and rights of the South. That con- 
viction, as I havo said, does not arise from the 
misrepresentations, as some have Said, of north- 
ern national men, of whatever party, but it has 
been produced by stubborn facts, and by inform- 
ation derived from the most authentic and relia- 
It comes from the leading men of 
ble sources. 
the Republican party; from their speeches made 
here and elsewhere; from the acts of their Legisla- 
tures; from all the sources, authentic and reliable, 
from which the truth as to public sentiment is to 
be ascertained. Among those from whom, afd 
by whom, this conviction has been -produced on 
the southern mind, there are few, If any, who 
have contributed more than the Senator from Ohio 
himself. I-lis own speeches here and elsewhere 
have made the impression at the South that, so 
i far as his opinions are concerned, (and we regard 
him as a representative man,) that portion Of the 
northern people represented in sentiment by him, 
are our rnortal encrnies. The peopleof th c South 
know the characters of the leading men of the 
North of all parties. tell the distinguished Sen- 
i ator from Ohio that in the South we regard him 
not only as a representative man, as a strong- 
minded man, but a bold, blunt, brave man; man 
of candor; and when he speaks, when he tells 
the country that there is now " realty no •union 
that there is a 
between the North and the South ;" 
" bitter rancor' 'offeeling existing between the two 
sections that does not characterize the feeling• ex- 
isting between any other two foreign Govern- 
ments; when he says that the only salvation of 
this Union is to be found in divesting it entirely 
frorn all taint of slavery, what are we to infer but 
that he and "those whose opinions he represents 
are the mortal enemies of interests and rights with 
which our lives and our happiness and our all are 
identified? 
have alluded, Mr. President, to evidence 
ofa hostile feeling in the North against the South 
furnished by the Senator frorn Ohio, because he 
has assumed that the only evidence on which the 
southern mind relies for its convictions on this 
i I be so, then it becomes us ail with promptness and 
fairness and candor, at once to relieve the country subject is derived from the enemies of' Republi• 
the admission of Kansas. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Who has the floor on that 
I could pile up the proof; 
canism in the North. 
from so strange and so ruinous a delusion. 
in refutat.ion of his remark, by referring to the 
But, whiic the Senator can find no belter (Tround 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No one at , 
declarations of other representative and leading 
for this wide-spread feeling of alarm and danger, 
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it. I wish to speak he concedes that southern men are not so much men of the Republican party, in this body and in 
to blame. He concedes that we believe that the II the other House, and out of theni;.by referring to 
on that bill. 
