186 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 24, 
What we now complain of is, that in the year 
the facilities well known to be constantly fur. 
nished to the free States for the escape of fugitive I i 1856 these questions, known to be questions of 
slavcs; by referring to the diffculty and danger antagonism, morally and socially, if not politi- 
of executing tho fugitive slave law; by referring caliy, incapable of reconciliation between the 
to the statutes passed by many of the frec State North and South, were seized upon by political 
Legislatures for the acknowledged purpose of leaders at the North and incorporated as the basis, 
obstructing t:he successful execution of a plain as the " central idea," of a political association 
obligation Imposed by the Constitution; by refer- which, rising upon the strength of this prevail- 
irv sentiment at the North, has finally taken pos- 
ring to the well-known fact that anti-slavery so- 
session of the Government of the country. Mr. 
cieties are tolerated in the free States, when the 
avowed purposes of their association are to scatter I President, the first fatal stab to this Union was 
incendiary publications through the South, tend- made at the Philadelphia convention, in 1856, 
when these propositions were incorporated as a 
ing directly to the production of discontent, re- 
belkion, and insurrection among the slaves; but part of the Republican platform. There was the 
it is only necessary to allude to the birth of Republicanism, and there was the birth 
forbear. 
facts to repel the allegation of the Senator from of organized sectionalism; its legitimate fruits are 
Ohio, that our convictions as to the hostility of agitation, dissension, alienation, and, finally, dis- 
his party are unfounded, and based only cn the union, in some form or other. In my honest con- 
information derived from theenemies of his party I viction, there is to be found the true origin of 
disunionism, and there the real responsibility for 
in the North. 
But, Mr. President, without goino• outside of that catastrophe. 
thc most authcntic sources of information, rely- Mr. President, desire now to turn tho atten- 
tion of the Senate to the Republican platform, for 
ing upon no facts stated by thc friends of the South 
but upon the acknowledged ovi- E the purpose of showing that the surprise which is 
at the North; 
dences furnished by the Republican party itself, I expressed here at thc prevalence of the feeling of 
resistance in the South to have no exist- 
shall proceed to state, as briefly as possible, what 
cncc. The resolution in that platiörm to which 
I understand to be the complaints of the South 
Mr. President, in regard to thc sentiments ofa 1 particularly reför is this: 
majority of the northern people upon the subject 
Resoleed, 'I'hat, with our republican fathers, we hold 
it to be a seltievidcut truth that alt mcn are cndowcd with 
of slavery as an abstract proposition, either mor- 
the inalienable rights to life, liberty, and thc pursuitof hap- 
ally oe politically, I prcsume there can be no di- 
piness ; and that the primary object and ulterior designs of 
vcrsity of opinion. Looking to all the sources Of our Federal Government were to secure these rights to all 
information that are reliable, I understand these persons within its exclusive jurisdlction ; 
that as OUY rc- 
propositions to present fairly the sentiment of tlle publican fathers, when they had abolished slavery in all our 
I national territory, ordained that no person should bc de- 
northern mind—I mean the prevqiling se)itimeut— 
prived ot• life, liberty, or property, without duc process of 
in reference to the subject of slavery: 
law, it becomes our duty to maintain this provision of the 
l. That slavery, as it exists in the southern Constitution against all at.tmnpts to vio'at.e it the pur- 
pose of cstablishing slavery ill any Territory of the United 
StalQ.s, is a moral as well as social and political 
States, by positivc legislation, prohibiting its c.xistcnce or 
'i'hat we deny t11C authority of Con- 
extension therein. 
2 rl'hat the owners and their slaves are created 
gress, of a 'Territorial any individual or as- 
that {hcy are endowed alike with the 
sociation of individuals, to "ivc legal existcncc to slavery 
any '_rerritory of the United States while the 
alienable rights of iife, liberty, und the pursuit of in 
Constitution shall bc maintainc(l." 
There, Mr. President, is the truth spoken in 
plain, unmistakable words. What is the com- 
plaint? It is that the majority of thc people of one 
section ofthe Union, having the numerical power to 
obtain possession of the Government, form them- 
selves into a political organization upon principles 
thatexclüde the minoritysectlon from coöperation, 
for the purpose of governing that minority section. 
That is a species of dominion in this case connect- 
cd with the aggravating circumstances attending 
sectionalism, combined with fanaticism, that no 
brave and high-minded people would long endure. 
Hence Mr. Ffllmore said truly, when this party 
was organized, and organized upon this purcly 
sectional principle, that the necessary result of its 
triumph would be a dissolution of the Union. 
His words would have been verified in 1856, but 
for the brave and the successful exertions of those 
very northern men whom the Senator from Ohio 
regards as his mortal enemies. 
It was the men 
of Pennsylvania and of New Jersey and of In- 
diana and of Illinois who then averted the catas• 
trophe which hung over the country. NIr. Fill- 
more's sentiment was responded to throughout 
the whole South, and received as a declaratton of 
patriotism that placcd him high in the estimation 
of southern men. It was responded to everywhere 
as a se.ntiment worthy of a patriot. Why? That 
hc was a dissolutionist, a disunionist? No; but 
that he saw that it was an act of despotism on the 
part of the majority to adopt a principlc or prin- 
ciples which nocessarily made their orca nization 
sectional, necessarily excluded the minority from 
any actual participation in the Government., and 
held them , therefore, as rnere subjects, in the event 
I of the permanent triumph of that oreanization. 
•xvVhy can gentlemen express surprise at the 
state of things now existing, when we all know 
that precisely the same state of things would have 
I occurrcd the Republican party had been suc• 
cessful in 1856? 'l'hc same ground which existed 
then exists now In a morc tvy«rravatcd form; for, 
in addition to the saine platforrn substantially, the 
candidate placed upon it, 
in rny estimation, makes 
the triumph even more offensive than it would 
have been in 1856. 
Now, Mr. Pt•esident, let '.1s sec what it is in 
this platform that is so offensivc to the South; for 
happiness; and that to securc these rights equally 
to both govern Inents are instituted, deriving their 
just power from the consent of' tho governed. 
3. 'l'hal as the 
ownoet•s and their slaves are 
c.reated equai, the former cannot rightfully acquire 
or hoid dominion over, or property in, 
the latter 
without his consent. 
Now, MI'. President, t.hese I understand to bc 
the prevalent sentiments of the northern mind ill 
refi.•renee 10 of' Siu very, vicwcd either 
socially, morally, or politically. 
'IN hesc senti- 
rncnts havc prevailed from the beginning of the 
Governrnent. 
'IN hcy have characterized no par- 
tict.llar sect or 
1 
part.y prior to 1.110 ycat• 1856. 
make, 
no complaint against the entertaining by 
northern inen of thosc opinions. Under the f 
dom of speech and the freedom of conscience, they 
l')avc a faki uud perfect right to entertain these 
opinions. 
It is no cause of quarrel between 
and (hern. On the other hand, we of the South 
('Bitertain d ircctly antagonistic opin ions as inat.ters 
of conscie ncc 
and as ITHü.tcrs of' political opinion, 
on each (.jne of these tn•opositions. YVO cluiln tbc 
ri'rht under t hc satne h i«rh sanction to entertain 
There, Mr. President, in my estimation, is II)C 
incorporation into a political of prii'l- 
ciplcs which make up an i.ssuc between the North • 
; i and the South which I fear is wholly irreconcil- 
its lcncrth and 
able. Tbcre is in 
t i ; and I regret to add , sectionali.sn"h' largely the real foundation of our complaint is to be found 
i! impregnated with fanaticisnn. Who v;as 
have seen it 
thor of that platform? 
stat.cd recently that, a øcntleman, 
lat.e a member 01' Congress Ohio, Mr. Gid- 
dings, claims the honor of having• inserted this 
in the Republican platform. 
It is a plank 
In that platform worthy of that prominent man 's 
known hostility to southern institutions. 
Ille has 
succ..cedcd in Incorporatincr a principle whic,h , 
sooner or lacer, niüst result iii the destruction of 
our Federal system of government, unless NV e can 
, in truth and in honesty, to the real senti- 
ments an(l patriotiNn ot• our fathers who {'ranucd it. 
IM'r. President, when the principle was incor- 
poratod Into the Republican platt•o , thero was 
a (list.ing•nishcd citizen of the State of New York, 
then, or soon after, a cand idate for the Presidency, 
who spokc words of warning on this subject which 
these opinions, and we sav that. it is no cause of 
quarrel, and should be none. 
'I'hese opinions, Mr. President, prevailed, a.s wo 
all know, in the convention that fran'lcd our Gov- 
'Ehere, was precisely the sanne antaa•- 
crnmcnt. 
t' 
ouism then and there that. exists to-day between 
the Nordi and South on these questions; yet iL 
was no cause of disruption; it •was no c,a.usc of 
quarrel; it was no insuperable obstacle to the forin- 
ation of this Government. N'len who believed 
as does the Senator from Ohio, 
that slavery a 
moral, social, and political cvil, 
in that conven- 
tion, sanctioned the Constitution. and labored for 
its adoption and ratification; yet in that Consti- 
tution we all know the lcgatity and the rightful- 
ness of property ill slaves are conceded in more 
than one clause; that it even coes the longth of 
conceding the right to increase the 11 unaber of 
slaves by now importations for twenty years. How 
can it be, 
that svho stand now in the 
same position, cannot setlie 
these coy) flic-tino• 
io ns u pon the same principle 
that. they did ? 
That principle was to leave every li'lan to the 
joyme.nt of' his own opinion, and to 
require cvcrv rnan to ao•ree that the Const.itut}01) 
of the coun try is the suprerne law of the land , and 
in the discharge of his obligations as a citizell, to 
yield to this supremacy of the Constitution. 
it will now bc of use to to for 
pur- 
poses than one—I allude to Mr. Fillmore. Iri his 
criticisms upon this party and its oræan ization, 
he stated in plain, simple, and few words, the 
and the end of this sec- 
truth, the w holo truth, 
tional organization. Listen to him: 
But sve nowt see a party ornanizcd ill the North for the 
\ E first. tune selectin•-v candidates iör President and Vice Prcs- 
ident exclusively the northern States, wi th the avowed 
intention of' electing them to govern the South as well as 
the North." 
And again: 
'I'he North is, beyond all question, the most populous, 
the Inost vv•calthy, and has the rnost voters ; and thereföre 
has the pmver to inflict this injustice upon the South. But 
we can best. judge of its consequences by reversing the ease. 
II Suppose the South was the populous,the most wealthy, 
and possessed thc greatest ntnnber of c\eetorak votes; 
and 
that it should (Icclare 'hat. tar solne or real in- 
II justice done at the North, 
it would elect none bilt a Pres- 
i i ident and a Vice President of slavehol(lers t.he South 
to rule ovt•r the North : 
here. Gentlcmen of the North seem not to com- 
prehcnd this. They even take up the idea that it 
IS a merc suspicion that sounc wrong may be done; 
some, t.hat it is merely because we were defeated 
in the election; because we have lost our candi- 
dates; because we have failed in holding tho Gov- 
ernmcnt which we have held so long, that we 
manifest such deep concern. 
I tell them, in all 
candor, that they are mistaken in this. 
Lincoln had entertained opinions and stood upon 
a platform that did not, in our estimation, involve 
our final destruction—I moan the destruction of 
our southern interests and institutions—we should 
have acquiesced in his election as cheerfully as in 
that of ax) y other rnan. What, then, is it this 
platform to which wo take exception? 'I'he first 
thing is, that it recognizes the genera 
that ALL men arc created equal ; and, in rccotyniz- 
ing this, asserts, as a fa"t, that Governments are 
made for the purpose of securing alike thc rizhts 
of life and liberty and the pursuit of happiness to 
the slave and to his owner. 
r ilhat general prin- 
ciple, if applied in the States, would liberate four 
million slaves. This is a necessary deduction 
from the assertion of the principle of tbc equality 
of the two races. But tbc Ilcpublican Y)arty, i 
Illust do them the justice to say, do not in their 
platform make, the application of this general prin- 
ciple to the States. They confine it to those 
places within which Congress has, according to 
the platform of 1856, " exclusive jurisdicti01'l. 
'IXhen, the position is this: you concede that in 
the St.ates we have a right to this prop- 
erty, and you profess to be wikling that this con- 
stitutionat guarantee shall be n)aiynained•, yet, 
rn so doing, you avow a principle to be a 
do you think, feliov, -citizens, 
stibrrxit to this iniustic•e ? 
would 
but one universal crv of"' no P' would 
you would not; 
*And can suppose your southern bi•eth- 
ren than yourselves. or Jess jeaious of. their 
I f' voa (to, 
let tell you that you are illi*taken ; 
and .voa 'nust. iherefi)re perceive chat the success of such a ! 
party, with such an object, Inust be" 
\Vhak 
a dissolution of tbc Union. ' 
to all other pktces within which Congre 
jurisdiction, which princi ple fixes a stio•rna on 
f a slave 
every .sm_lthern Inan who is the o vv•nor o 
which principle would, if applied, (and which, if 
you had t.he power, it is fair to infer, you would 
apply,) \vould set free every slave of the South. 
Without undertaking to say that this would loe 
done without recrard to other consequences than 
i the loss of pröperty» yet to a southern mind these 
