188 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 24, 
viction that tho principles on which the Repub- 
party triumphed aro incompatible with the 
Continued existencc ofa just , constitutional Union ; 
in tny judgment, the sentiment that is 
and hence, 
predominant in that State is, that new cuarantees 
iör the future, to be ingrafted on tho Constitution, 
u natterable, explicitly recognizing, 
and to 
tunong others, the principles as to the rights of 
property in slaves announced by the Supremc 
Court, in the latc Dred Scott case, as the supreme 
•law of the land, Inust be obtained, or that a sacred 
rcgai•d for the constitutional rights of her people 
wi\i impel a majority of them to demand a sever- 
ance of her connection with a Union which will 
then have ceased to be entitled to their allegiance. 
Acting upon this conviction as to the prcdomi- 
nant sentiment of my State, agreeing fully as it 
does with my awn, I shall earnestly sustain every 
effort made to secure such guaran tees; and, 
failing in that, I will zealously coöperate in other 
mcasurcs that rnay bc resorted to in {hc southcrn 
Stat.es for the same end. Without 
indulging in profuse professions of devotion to 
the Union, it is enough for Ine to say that I shall 
exhaust all reasonable efforts for its preseryation 
upon terms that will give assurance that it will 
hereafter secure to all sections and every State 
and every citizen the cnjoymen! of all their just 
rights; and when these have failed, I shall have 
nd hesitancy in choosing secession or revolution, 
ralhcr than acquiescence in submission to the 
domination of' sectionalism. 
Now, Mr. President, while I speak thus of the 
position ()t• my own State, and my concurrcnc.e 
i n it, as i understand that position to be, repeat, 
f regard t ho overwhelmin" senti2Y)cntof the South 
t(.) 1 hat, of demanding guarantees that. shall be 
rrcon•nize d istinc.tly and 
right of the sou the rn man to his sla ve 
a 3 others of uch itn porta n ec 
t(.ld with t l) e sla ve 
over whell)lintr sentimennt. of the SOQ th (ivrnand.s 
this, or it secession and revolution. 
is n: y honest conviction of the prevailino• st_hili- 
mont ot• thc Sou t,h. 
Nair. President, there is onc thing connected with 
these movemel)ts at the South that I Inost deeply 
rm„rret. I regret that the whole southern mind had I 
consulted delibera tcly and solernnly as 
to the best. tneans obtaining the redress or the 
securit.y which•we demand. 'I'here is an identity 
of sentiment in thc South, there is an identity of 
conviction there, which, ip. my judgment, ought 
to have been consulted and ascertained. If there 
had been a southern consultation, represcntinw 
fairly and honestly thc of each State, 
in t hc 'tinst soletnn man k now 11 to the expres- 
Sion the soverei(Yi1 '„vill, and if such a consult.- 
ation had prepnred; think they (leclara- 
{ions on which they ask the action their 
northern (ton redernues ill GD vcrnn)ent, I have 
ed—I have believed an appeal, 
wit,h all this tn oral force connecte(l wi th it as the 
have been 
•nt of ( he whole Sou t,h, coti td not 
sent.nn•- 
'I'bat. is N) y 
resisted our 
the true od e 
(_fl' the 
view 
( hc a ran tres which we detnand. and which 
OQRht to havc been adopted. 
was not satisfactory to 
'I'hat mod o, 
however, 
of the extreme southern States. r bey have 
less im rnediat,e terest in this question, so far as 
the escape and the loss by the escape of fugitives 
is concerned , 
and border 
than we of the middle 
this reason, th in k there should 
States have 
have boon concert, botween all the southern States. 
, that in the ultimate question 
of thc final extinction of slavery, their interest is. 
inn-nensely greater than 
I can ,csce, in this 
It is they havo becn tnorc sensitive 
and less willing t.o wait the more tardy, but, as 
l.hink it would havo 'been, the more certain and 
of an entire consultation will) 
the southern States. They have adopted their own 
course; and now, in In y judgment, the 
and Rhiddle States ought to concert, meas- 
for i ng their u ited appeal to the people of i 
t.hinlc there is Loo ucll 
Sta tes. 
ntvolved in this question of disso)'.ltion to justity 
any rnan i u to do ali that within the bounds 
of reason can be done to avert so a calatn- 
a dissolution of' (Governmel'lt. 
Ibis appeal should also be nyt(lc with I 
sation. throughout the Confederacy. I refer, of 
them to delay the final consummation of their se- 
course, to -the ordinance unanimously adopted by 
cession movements unOl our appeal to the north- 
the people of South Carolina, in convention as- 
ern people can have a response. 
Our extremo southern brethren disagree with sembled at Charleston, on the 20th instant, by 
which that State has repealed all ordinances and 
us as to the best modc of meetinc the crisis. 
am willincr t.o believe that all of us are aiming at acts ratifying the Constitution of the United States 
I am not willing yet to believe and the amendments thereto, and declared that 
the same end. 
that the policy adopted by them has been resorted 
to from a feeling of disunion per se; but I regard 
them as viewing separate secession as the best 
means of awaking the sentiment of the whole 
North, and of the whole country, to the real dan- 
ger, and the importancc of' a satisfactory adjust- 
ment. While I differ with them in that policy, 
I nm not prepared to pronounce judgment of cen- 
sure and condemnation upon then'). They are 
It is their right to 
sovorf!ign independent States. 
do on this subject as their judgments dictate. 
But having taken their course, thc duty devolves 
upon us who live in the middle and border States 
to take our course. 
Our people are not prepared—at least I can spe.ak 
for my own State—until every reasonable effort 
is cxhausted, to resort to the last remedy. What, 
then, shall we do? In my judgment, the middle 
and border States have a plain duty out. 
I. think it. is their dk.lty to meet together in consulta- 
tion , in the most sorcm n manner that such consulta- 
tions can be gotten up, and to present to the North 
their demand for guarantees on these questions. 
Judging from 
Will the North not grant them? 
what I sce here; judging from the effort.s now 
being made by leadin«r the Republican 
party to prevent c ven the inaugl •ation of prop- 
osit.ion.s to bc submitted to the Stt cs on this ques- 
tion, I confess that I scarcely c a rav of hope 
but if there is 
of anything bein(Y acccnnplishe 
, it is in an appeal to the people them- 
border Slates 
I think the midd e 
V hatr will that dc- 
ought to make that appeal. 
I am bound as a naan 
? Mr. President, 
of' candor, to say that one tinl feature in 
th at ran toe nst bc the, 11') nal recorrni- 
right to properly in ves in the 'l'er- 
tion of our 
ri tcnaes•, and t.hnt. this of' property shall never 
be (listarbed by any 111 lure of t ho 
Constitution. 
Now, I know that. prespnt.s the great. point of 
It wras the great point of 
between us. 
difference when ()l.u• Governrncnt. w as formed. 
Out fathers had patriot-isin enough t') 
We havo lived happily, and prosperously, and 
grow 11 great under that sctf.lement for over sixty 
years. Why can we not settle same question 
wrain? Why will the nort.bcrn mind refuse to do 
it? Is it a matter of conscienc.c that ask them 
to surrender? 'Was it not a matter of conscience 
fathm•s that. slavery was a soc:al and 
with our 
moral evil? A rid vet they could settle it. 
could concede the right of' property in slaves, with- 
out, (loi11(Y violence to their consciences. 'l'hey 
increase the number ot• 
authorize the 
ves by ncw ino iffi•ations for 
twenty years. 
'i' he y could t7n• Lhc existence of this rigrht 
ot• ['rope rty , even ou [side of t lit' slave Sta t.es, when 
into a free State. Will any one 
the slaves escape 
less con- 
prc,stune to say that our 
fathers Nvere 
scientious than we Yet told that it' the 
lion of' our right of property in slaves be 
titc sine qu,a •non of our demand, then all is hope- 
I think that mav be the sentiment of gen- 
tfemcn who have ridden 
u pon the current of 
sectionalism into power, 
and now occupy officjal 
places; but i prefZ•r, at least, before I give up all 
I the Union now subsisting between South Caro- 
lina and the other States of America is thereby 
diséolved. This is thé act of one of the sover- 
eign States of the Confederacy—of one of the 
originat members of that Confederacy. It is an 
act consummatcd in the most solernn and impos- 
ing form in which the voice and will of a sovcr- 
eign people can be pronounced. 
occasion calls for no discussion as to the 
character of the right which the people of South 
Carolina have exercised in thus deliberately re- 
th ose attributes of their sovereicrntv which 
in 1788 they, in the same solemn and de'liberate 
form, delegated to the Federal Government. 
I allude to 
shall enter into no such discussion. 
it only as a great accomplished fact which must 
soon present practical questions of the most mo- 
Ghall content •myself now 
mentous character. 
with briefly statinø, without argument, the course 
which, in In y judgment, ought to be taken on that 
phase of these questions which may look to a 
resort to force. 
This question must arise either in a proposition 
to resort to force for the purpose of executing the 
laws of t)'le United States within the territorial 
limits of South Carolina, or for the subduing the 
people of that State and coercing them back to 
their allegiance to the United States. W batever 
tech nical distinction there n'lay be in the two prop- 
asit.ions, I ree:ard them practically as amountin:r 
to the same thing—a resort to force for either pur- 
pose amounts, in my estimation, to war upon the 
State of South Carolina. 
I discard any distinction on this subject, be- 
causc t.he cilec,t of the ordinance, adopted their 
convention is to constitute for the people of'Soath 
Carolina a separatc and independent crovermncnt 
not, in my estimation, a separate and indcpc.1Jd- 
cnt de jure, but de .facto. This gov 
ernment has absolved its people, as far as it can 
be dono, from all allegiance to the Government 
of t.ll(i United States, aud has thereby interposefl 
between eac.l) one of its citizens and the Govern- 
ment of the United States on any tuc•stion of 
giance that nuty hoteaftcr arise jetwcon {hen'). 
As the Constitution of the United States recoa- 
nizes thc existence of the States as States in all 
the departments of The Govern illent—legislativc, 
judicial, and executive—as the Constitution was 
ratified by the States as States, and as tbc State 
of Carolina, meaning thereby the people of South 
Carolina in their sovereiffn capacitv, has 
of every citizen thereof an undivided allegiance, 
when the Federal Government resorts to force 
against. one of those-citizens who resists on the 
:xround that he i.s obeying the comtnand of South 
Carolina, 
the Federal Government cannot decline 
to treat the resistance as the act of South Caro- 
lina in her character as a ryovernment. 
ities ensue, therefore, it becomes war. Hence, 
practically, regard the resort to either fbr 
, the purpose of exec,lüing the laws in South Caro- 
lina or fi)l' the purpose of red acing he"? poople to 
their allegiance to the United States, as resulting 
rn war. 
'i'he question then arises whether, in the atti- 
tude in which South Carolina now stands, war 
and promptness to the people of the caltcd upon fbrntf'sentaction as to an event which, 
though I(joked for, has produced a profound sen- 
southern States, with the vicw of urging uÉon 
hope, to see whether or not, an appeal to the , ought to be made against her people? With a 
popular soverei(YYlty of the North, there is not full appreciation of the iinportance of execu Linty 
the lax.vs when obstructed or resisted, I con- 
patriotislü enough t herc a to this con- 
cession as our fathers did, and to close up and strained to the. conclusion that, e.vcn if the povv•er 
settle forever this question of agitation between 
to resort to force were subject to no controversy, 
the t. wo sections. 
the reasons and considerations a'rainst such a ro- 
Mr. President 
, arc nny views as to our 
sort are so weighty and controliing as to induce 
present crisis, entertained from a mc unhesitatingly to declare against it: and. i 
dnty in the 
declaring, I am thoroughly satisfipd that have 
deep sense of their correctness, as well as 
an ardent attae.lnnent to this (xos--ern)nent, and a the concurrence of the people of my.Statc. Against 
most, deterrnincd opposition to seeing it destroyed 
onc of the sovereign States whose peop;e, in 
until every reasonai)le effort to rnai ta in 
it upon 
most solemn and deliberate rnai')ncr known to the 
principles of justice 
and equality shall be ex- 
exercise sovereignty, decide. and declare 
Imusted. 
their o•rievancns and are 
But, Mr. President, whatever Inay be the re- or that. they have good reasons to believe that the 
gulls in fu tare on t of the efforts here or 
necessary results of flic policv of' a sectional or- 
('Isowhere to ol.•nain sruattudeps in the 
e•anization about to take tho reins of the. Federal 
'vvay of atnendlnents to the Constitution, we arc 
Governmen t, with every prospect of holding these 
reins perpetually, be rtunoas to her interests 
and destructive ot• the bbjécts for which the Gove 
