1860. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
189 
ernrnent was formed, and who, for reasons like 
these, claim the right to resume her delegated 
sovereignty, or to seek for redress or self-preser- 
vation in revolution, I cannot consent to make 
war, unless the subjection of such State is imper- 
alive] y demanded for the general welfare and 
safety of the other members of the Federal Gov- 
In every such case, the interests of the 
ernment. 
States remaining in the Union, as well as those of 
the State proposing to withdraw , must be. invol ved. 
Both parties to the case have rights to look to, and 
obligations to discharge; all the surrounding cir- 
cumstances must bc examined with an eye to all 
the consequences. It would require a stroncr case 
to inducc me to incur all the horrors of a civil war, 
either to execute the law'S amrrinst the people ofa 
sovereign State, or to conquer such people to their 
former allegiance. I cannot forget that the Union 
was not formed by force, and i know it can never 
bc maintained and perpetuated by force. Resting 
on fraternal feelings among its members it was 
created. If it is to be preserved, it must be done 
by the persuasive but efficient instrumentalities of 
kindness, forbearance, patience, and fraternity. 
If South Carolina stood alone in this crisis, I 
would see no blood spilled to coerce her; but 
knowino•, as we all do, that in the grievances on 
which she is taking so responsible a step, four- 
teen of the other members of the Confederacy are 
strongly sympathizing with her, and are earnestly 
considering what measures for redress and safety 
they wilk adopt, it cannot be doubted fora moment 
that war upon South Carolina would invoive the 
entire Confederacy in the conflict, and destroy 
forever all hope of either prescrvinz or recon- 
structing thc Federal Union. 
In this connection, 
I do not pause to contemplate the horrors of the 
civil war- that would follow an attempt to cocrcc 
South Carolina. If nothing else can be saved; if 
if. the members of the 
the Union must perish; 
Confederacy must be severed, Ict us, at least, save 
the blood of our countrymen. 
Instead of considering the question of war upon 
one of sister States, it rather becomes us, the 
representatives of the other sisters of the Con- 
federacy, to elevate our thoughts, our feelings, 
our hearts, into the atmosphere of a pure and 
unadulterated patriotism, and from that elevation 
look down with calmness, with kindness, with 
unprejudiced minds, upon the causes which have 
impelled Sou th Carolina to this fearful experi- 
a nd wh ich are impellino• fourteen other sov- 
ment, 
ercign States to seek for remedies for great evils 
willi which they feel they are threatened; and 
upon this view to sec whether it is not possible 
for us to find a peaceful and effectual solution of 
the frightful ctgastrophe of civil x..var and destruc- 
tion of our Government which is impending over 
It surely cannot bc that t.he people of fifteen 
us. 
States arc so deeply moved and so painfully in- 
tent upon having additional securities for their 
rights in the Union without. some just and sub 
stantial cause for their crievance.s and their de- 
each other in the act of separation, that we are 
determined so to live as neighbors that the hope 
of a future. reconstruction of our Confederacy, 
and of the resurrection at no distant day of our 
Federal Union to an immortality of grandeur and 
prosperity, may not bc fbrevet• destroyed. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. 1 do not 
desire, if We can arrive at a vote upon this ques- 
tion, to occupy the time of the Senate. 
I intend, 
at some time, to make some observations upon 
the resolutions pending before the Senate. One 
word, however, in relation to Kansas. I believe, 
sir, that the admission of Kansas is the immediate 
duty of.Congress, and is Inore likely to give peace 
and quiet to the slavery agitation than any other 
measure. We had pcacc before the rcpcal of the 
Missouri compromises by which repeal the Ter- 
ritory of Kansas was opened to a fearful struggle 
—a struggle for years. Happily it is now ended, 
so far as Kansas is concerned. When admitted 
into the Union, we shall have peace. Non-inter- 
ference by the Federal Government, or by ftce- 
State men, affainst slavery in the States; and non- 
interference by the Federal Government, or by 
slaveholders, against freedom in the Territories, 
It was the Opening of Kansas to sla- 
rs peace. 
very which brought strife; its admission asa frec 
State will end the struggle, and restore peace. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, 1 propose 
to confine my rcrnarks entirely to the question on 
the bill before us for the admission of Kansas; 
nor do I propose to take a very long time in open- 
ing the subject. 
'rhis bill was passed by the House of Repre- 
sentatives by a very large majority at t}le last ses- 
sion. It carne to the Senate, and was referred to 
the Committee on Ellerritories. The Committee 
on Territories differing in opinion on. the subject, 
came to no conclusion, and of course no majority 
or minority report. was made in relation to it. 
The bill was merely reported back to the Senate. 
It therefore is now a question on the passage of I 
the bill. Some debate vvas had on this subject at 
the last session, and it was finally deferred by the 
Senate preferring to take up and dispose of other 
been presented, and different measures taken. 
•.vill not go into them. 
There was an act passed called the English' bilb 
by which they were admitted as aState _on con• 
ditions. Certain subjects were returned -to them 
with their constitution, which was called the-Lee 
compton constitution; and if they agreed to th'em 
by a vote of the people, they were to be admitted 
as a State. They were submitted to them ,and.they. 
did not agree to them. Now, under that bill there 
was a pro vision thåt unless they agreed to tbem and* 
took measures to ratify the constitution, they 
should not be admitted until they had a number 
of people such as would entitle them to a Repre- 
sentativc in Congress. That is the substance of 
it, I believe. The Wyandotte constitutioå, which 
wc have now before us, was made by people, 
as I have said, by a convention, and, as I insist, 
they have that population. 
The first material element to be considered in 
the formation of a Territory into a State, is that 
they have the proper amount of population. Mr, 
President, the Senatc and the House of -Repre- 
sentatives, threc years ago, agreed thät Kansas 
had population enough to bc adrnitted under the 
Lecompton constitution. They would not make 
a point but what they bad. enough then. The 
question is, have they enough nöw? I do not 
consider that Conm•ess has any power practically, 
as they attemptefi to do in that English bill, to 
prevent another Congress from exercising their 
discretion in the admission of that Territory. 
'l'hcy could not put limitations on the power of 
Congress in the exercise of •their discretion of ad- 
mitting that as a State as well us uny other. But 
no matter, Mr. President; I insist that in fact this 
Territory has come up in point of population to 
that requirement. The census has been taken; 
and I have a certificate from the Census bureau 
in relation to it. I will here observe that the west- 
ern boundary of thc proposed State of Kansas 
lies a little west, by a certain line of longitude, of 
what is called the sixth meridian. 'l'hat is a meri- 
dian fixed for tbe purposes of the surveys of the 
public lands; and the line of the State is a little 
west of that meridian. Here is the certificate from 
subjects, which suppose they looked on as more 
thc Census bureau in relation to the population of 
important. 
Then having no report in relation to it, per- Kansas: 
haps I shall be not only justified, but called upon, 
CENSUS OPPICE, DEPARTMENT op THE. INTERIOR, 
W ASHINGTON, December 7, 1860. 
to make some general statement in relation to it. 
SIR : I have the honor to införtn you, in reply to your 
I am not disposed, Mr. President, to go into the 
inquiry relative to the population oi' Kansas, that returns 
history of the transactions in Kansas, nor to un- 
have been receivcd fronl all the territory lying east of the 
dertake to account for the troubles which have 
sixth principal meridian—which is a little east of the west- 
It is not ern boundary fixed in the constitution—the total popula- 
been connected with that Territory. 
tion of which is ascertained to bc approximately •one hun- 
necessary to the disposition of the question which 
I dred and nine thousand four hundred. No returns have 
we have before us. The people of Kansas have i 
reached the Census office giving the population west of that 
formed this constitution. They have, formed it 
line, and, of course, none from the Pike's Peak rcaion, 
'Ithe boundaries observed are those established by the ter- 
with very great degree of unanimity. They 
ritoria: act organizing Kansas 'Ilerritory. 
have ratified it on its being presented tD them by 
Very respectfully, your obedient servant, 
a majority of, I believe, something more than two 
JOÜN C. G. KEN NEDV, Superintendent* 
[Ion. JA_coB CULLA>IER, United States Senate. 
I have never heard any suggestion but 
It appears that the popu lation th ere now amounts 
- that. the convention was legally and fairly and 
properly selected, and fully deliberated on the to onc hundred and ninc thousand, in round num- 
If the people of the other States can see subject. Their deliberations resulted in forming bers. That does not include quitc all. Thereis 
nvands. 
a small amount ofsett]ement, perhaps near a thou- 
no ground for this alarming state of things, or if, this constitution, which was submitted to the peo- 
sc•eilfg it, they are resolved finally alid Riflaltcrab!y ple, and which has bcen ratified by thcm, and is sand, west of this line, to the west of the line o? 
now presented here for ratification on the part of the State. I do not know precisely.awhat the ap- 
that they accede to the dmnands for gaur- 
portionmcnt may bc under the new census; but 
Congress. 
antees, then it will bccome us to look.the conse- i 
certain it is that they havc a population whiclk 
Now, Mr. President, in the exercise ofthc power 
quencc fuli ill the face; that consequence is, that 
• of admitting Territories as States, which is a dis- would entitle this district. of country now, if with- 
there is ars antagonism of interest, or of senti- 
crctionary power, there has generally been a very. i I in a State, to one Represcntativc; and so it would 
mont, bet weeri the dozninant party in t.hc North 
in the next Congress, because the next Congress 
great degree of liberality on the part of Coneress. 
and the peoplc of tbc South, which -is Wholly and 
is to be elected upon the same apportionment; 
It has generally been considered that a termtorial 
entirely irrecor)ciiablo, and which must end in i 
condition of the people was far from a natural one mcmbcrs have been elected in many of the Statcs 
separation, eit.her violently or peacefuf!v. I am 
, already on the same apportionment that we have 
in our Government. It is not in its nature a pop, 
not yet, as discoura"ine• as are all thc pres- 
ular Government. In the freest forms which have for the present Congress. They have, then, by 
ent sigils, to admit the existence of such a irrec- 
been given to It, its executive IS not appoihted by 
I do {bar that, so far as 
oncilable antagonism. 
its people, and its judiciary is not appointed by 
thc decision of the question depends upon us 
4th of March next, the necessary population to 
its people. Two great departments of the gov- 
here, now, there is scarcely a ray of hope for a i' 
ernrnent are out of their hands. The legislative entitle them to a Representative in Congress. 
fa vorab)e solution. What then? Shall '•,vc make 
• • - department has been sub mcdo committed to the Tl)us, I think, in point of population they come 
that civil war IS 
up our minds Ihatall is lost; 
hands of the people, subject at. the same time to within the requirement, even if we say that 
evitable; that physical force must settle the con- 
have their action vetoed by the voice of a Gov- requirement is binding, which is providcd in the 
flict, and t bat the- work of blood shall comrnence 
ernor appointed by the President of the United English bill. 'l'here seems to be , therefore, in re- 
I trust in God that if we can- 
in South Carolina? 
lation to that, a kind of plighted faith to which 
not agree upon a rernedy for the evils that already States. Ehis is the condition of the people in a 
overwho}rn us, we can at leastagree to such meas- Territory in the most liberal form of territorial these people are entitled to appeal at the hands 
It is certainly not one which it is of Congress that they shah now be admitted, 
utes of ibrbcarance and conciliation as will allow government. 
an appeal to the people of the North before we desirable to continue longer than is absolutely The next element is theextcnt of territory. The 
extent of territory in Kansas wit.hin the present 
In almost all cases where the Terri- 
superadd to them the horrors of a civil war. 
necessary. 
we rnast see the Union perish, let us at least re- tories have heretofore applied to Congress for ad- boundaries, as now proposed in this constitution' 
mission, I say Congress has generally admitted is a little. over eighty thousand square miles; I 
solve that we M,'ill burv it in peace arid witl'k blood- 
believe about eighty-onc thousand square miles. 
If we cannot agree to live together i them with great liberality until you come to this 
less hands. 
Here there has been difficulty at It makes the State larger than Illinois; larger than 
in I'larmony us brothers of one Confederacy, let one of Kansas. 
us separate in peace, showing, by our justice to various stages of it. Different constitutions have Missouri; larger than Virginia. It is true that the 
