190 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Decernber 24, 
boundary of the Stato does not exactly conform 
to the boundaries of the Teh'itory; and for this 
reason: it has becn ascertained since that Terri- 
tory was forrned that there is a large region of 
almost or quite uninhabitable country lying be- 
twecll Kansas on the Missouri, and 'Kansas by 
Pike's Peak, away next to the Rocky Mountains, 
where there is inhabitable count.ry. 'I'here is a 
large region of country separating these two, some 
two or tlit•ec hundred miles, which will never be 
settled to any very considerableextent. The bound- 
ary now runs across that region of country, as 
fixed by this constitution, including eighty thou- 
It is not of very much im- 
sand square miles. 
portance where that western line. runs; but it goes 
across that region leaving a part of it to be in- 
cluded in any rl'erritory that shall bc formed west 
of this State. 
These, Mr. President, are the materials or the 
elements which constitute the claim for admission 
on the. part of Kansas: its population; its terri- 
tory; the formation of its constitution; it being 
ratified bv the people, and having the proper nunT- 
and •t know 1')0t exactly what objections will 
really be made. I must wait to hear them. 
It seems 
to me, sir, that not only for the sake of the pcople 
thcrc, but for the peacc of tbc country at huge, 
it is about time we should put end to this Kan- 
that the Feople noay be empowered to 
sas matter; 
n•oeeed in their right of popular self-government 
ike the other people of the United States, and 
that there should not be any feeling of resent- 
nunt to them, though the whole corn•se of that 
people may not be entirely satisfactory to Con- 
gress. That people cannöt keep peace and quiet- 
ness in their Territory. Thev have not the corn- 
mand 01' the Executive; they have not their ju- 
dicitu•y; t hey have 
n ot the control of their own 
a nd when individ- 
uaf.s mulce outbreaks they can not control tht-nn. 
It necessary to their peace , 
it is necessary to 
the peace of the country, that this su should 
now receive sorne (lcfunove action at the hands of 
I shall sav no rnorc , 
attempt hereafter to rnect. such objections as rnay 
be presented in various forms. 
'I'here ay be 
devices resorted t!) to con trive ways how no t. to do 
it; 
they ETIay be found in amendments or delays 
of various kinds, for wl-lich I tnust wait. 
Mr. GREEN obtained floor. 
Mr. IVERSON. If the will me, 
this is the eve of Christmas, and it is three 
'I.'he I-louse of Rel-n•esentatives has nd- 
o u I understand , 
and I think the Senate is 
Ittrdly disposed to on with the consideration 
or go •rrnve a subject on this occasion as the ad• 
of Kansas; I propose therefore that the 
Senatc nd . 
M r. CÖLLAMER. Will delay 
I take it if we adjourn 
t Ijat unotion a moment? 
now , it will be to rneel to-morrow, which is C,hrist- 
Mr. IVERSON. The senate already 
n o•reed to n d jou rn o ver until nestlay. 
COLLAMER. Oh, very well. 
Mr. 
I was 
not aware of it. 
The OFFICER. Sen- 
ator frotu Georgia withdraw his to ad- 
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to suggest to the Sen- 
ator from Gt'0HFia that the day oil which we aro 
again to Illeet should be changed •to 'I'hursday. 
The committee of thirteen meet on Wednesday 
morning, and as we shall probably do no business 
here of very great importance, I think that day 
might he devoted to the committee. 
Mr. IVERSON. I will withdraw my motion 
if the Senator frotn Pennsylvania desires to recon- 
sider the vote adjourning ovcr until Wednesday. 
M r. BIGLF,k. 
I makc that motion the 
purposc of naming Thursday, in order that the 
corn n)ittee have Wednesday. 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator yield to ITIe for 
a moment ? 
Mr. BIGLER. Yes, sir. 
Mr. I)AViS. ask the Senate to Inako an order 
to print, for the use of the select commit.tee, a res- 
ollätion •which I shall lay before them. I present 
it. to the Senate in order that it may be ordered to 
be printed . 
PRESIDING OFFICER. Bv common 
the resolution will be received. The 
consent, 
Chair hears no objection. 
resolution wilt be 
read . 
Mr. MASON. The resolution will be printed, 
and I suppose . it can hardly be necessary to 
read it. 
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no; let it be printed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved 
that the resolution be printed. 
Mr. POLK. I prefe•r to hear it read. 
Mr. YULEE. 1 hope it be read. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading 
of the resolution is asked for. 
It will be read. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
Resolved, That it shall be declared, by amendment of the 
Constitution, that property in slaves, recognized as such 
by the local law of any of the States of the Union, shall 
stand on the same iöoting in all constitutional and Federal 
relations as any other species of' property so recognized; 
and, like other property, shall not be subject to be divested 
or irnpaired bv the local law ot• any other State, either in 
escape thereto, or of transit or sojourn of the owner therein ; 
and in no casc whatever shatl such property be subject to 
bc divestcd or impaired by any legislative act of the united 
States, or of any of the 'L'erritories thereof. 
The resolution was ordered to be printed. 
Mr. B[GLER. The order adopted this morn- 
ino• could be changed by common consent, so that 
it shall be, '•,vhcn the Senate adjourns it adjourn 
to meet on Thursday. I think it very important 
that the committee of thirteen should have 
ncsday without interruption. 
I mulce that sucr- 
gestion, if there be no objection to it. 
Mr. BROWN. 1 to it. 
Mr. BIGLER. Then, Mr. President, 1 will 
move to reconsider the order by which the Senate 
agrecd, that when it adjourns it adjourn over until 
Wednesday, for the purpose of making it Ti'hurs- 
Mr. I observe through the public 
press that commiss:oners fronm South Carolina 
will be here. to-morrow. Nobody can tell what 
a day is to bring forth. There can be no pressin« 
necessity for our 
passing over u r) til Tl'hursday, 
and [ think it, tbcrefore, better that we meet on 
Wednesday. There X)ay be no occasion for a 
, and I suppose there will not be; but still 
session 
I t,bink it is better that we meet on Wednesday, 
and stand, therefore, the order already made. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
II is on reconsidering the vote by which the Senate 
ug•rocd that when it adjourns, il adjourn to meet on 
Wednesday next. 
The motion was acyt•ecd to; there being, on a 
division—ayes 32, noes 6. 
Mr. BIGLER. Now, IVIr. President, 1 
that when the Senate adjourns, it be to meet on 
Thursday next. 
r r lie rnotion was am•eed to. 
Mr. GREEN. By common consent, 1 shall 
move to postpone the further consideration of this 
special order until Wednesday of next week, at 
one o 'clock. 
Mr. COLLAMER. And make it a special 
Mr. FESSENDEN. is a special order now. 
M r. LA'I'HAM. I will state to the Senator 
fron'l Missouri that there is a special order for 
that till)t•. 
'I'he Pacific railroad bill is set down 
fi.n• next Wednesday week. 
Mr. GREEN. thought it was Tuesday. 
Mr. COLLAMER and Mr. WADE. Put it 
Tl'uesdav. 
Mr. GREEN. That is New Year's day. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 
Put it Monday. 
Mr. G IZEEN. I will say Monday, at one 
o 'clock. 
Mr. COLI-AMER. And make it the special 
order for that time. 
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; 1 make that motion. 
'The motion was acrreed to. 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 now that the Senate 
adjou rn. 
appropriatiöns for the payment of invalid and 
other pensions of the United States for the year 
ending June 30, 1862. 
WITHDRAWAL OF MEMBERS. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House the following communication; 
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be 
printed : 
WASHINGTON, December 21, 1860. 
SIR : We avail ourselves of the ear\iest opportunity, 
since the official communication oftheintelligence, or mak- 
ing known to your honorable body that the people ot• the 
State of South Carolina, in their sovereign capacity, have 
resumed the powers heretofore delcgated by thein to the 
Federal Government of the United States, and have thereby 
dissolved out connection with the House of Representa- 
tives. 
In taking leave of those '"tith whom we have been asso- 
ciated in a co;nmon agency, we, as well as the people of 
our Commonwealth, desire to do so with feelings of n•nntuul 
regard and respect for the rigllt.s 01' each other, cherishing 
the hope that, in our future relations, we Inay better erljoy 
that peace and harinony essential to the happiness o? a free 
and enlightened people. 
JOHN Mc•QUEEN 
M. L. BONHAM. 
W. W. BOYCE. 
J. D. ASHMORE. 
Hon. WILLIAM PENNINGTON, 
Speaker of the House Of Representatives. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House a communication from the Sec- 
re.tary of the Treasury, dated December 22, 1860, 
transmitting a statement of expenditures for the 
coast survey during the fiscal year ending June 
30, 1860; which was laid on the table, andordered 
to be printed. 
r I"he SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent, 
laid before the House a conomunication from the 
Interior Department, 
transmitting the an l)ual 
statement, cequired by the act of' May 1, 1820, 
prepared by tl'ie Second Comptrollerof the Treas- 
ury, showing balances of appropriations standing 
upon the books of that ofiice to the credit of that 
Department on the 1st of July, 1859; the amounts 
appropriated by Congress for l.he service of the 
fiscal year cndincr 30th of June 1860, including re- 
payments and transfer of appropriations; and the 
aggregate amoluntsappiicable to tlle service of said 
fiscal year; also the alnount.s drawn from said 
appropriations, or carried to the surplus fund, from 
.Tuly l, 1859, to .Tunc 30, 1860, and the balances 
remaining in thc Treasury at the last named date; 
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be 
printed. 
DELIVERY UP OF FUGITIVES. 
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky , by unanimous con- 
sent, introduced a bill to give a construc$on to the 
first section of the act of Congres%, passed Feb- 
ruary 12, 1793, in relation to the delivering up 
of fugitives from justice; which was read a first 
and second tin)e. 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 ask to have that bill read. 
The bill, which '..vus read, states that, whcrcas 
a different construction has been given to the first 
section of the act of' Congress, approved Feb- 
ruary 12, 1793, and whereas a misconstruction 
thereof has resulted in tho escape of persons guilty 
of high crimes; therefore, be it enacted, &c., that 
the first Section of an act entitled " An act re- 
specting fugitives froin justice, and persons escap- 
ing from the service of their masters," passed Feb- 
roar y 12, 1793, be so construed as to embrace all 
cases of a demand ofa fuzitivc frorn justice, when 
made in the rnode and manner dircctcd by said 
act, whether the offense for which the fugitive is 
charged or indicted, be an at common 
law or by the statute of the State to which the fugi- 
tivc shall have fled or not, so that it be an offense 
by the laws of the State from which he escaped. 
The bill was referred to the select committee 
motion was agreed to; and the Senate of thirty-three. 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
MONDAY, Dece7nber 24, 1860. 
The I-louse met at twpclvc o'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. 'I'llOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
The Journal of r I"hursday last was read and 
approved. 
A Inessage was received froin the President of 
the United States, bv A. J. GLOSSBRENNER, his 
Private Secretary, in the House that the 
I President had approved and signed a bill making 
FRAUD IN THE INTERIOR DEPARTMENT. 
MP. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I ask the unani- 
mous consent of the House to introduce a resolu- 
tion. 
The resolution was read, as follows: 
Resolred, That a cornmittee of five be appointed to in- 
vestigate the circumstances connected with the abstraction 
of certain bonds front the Interior Dcpartlnent.; to w horn 
niven, and for what purpose used, and when taken ; t 
said conunittee havinø full power to cotntnand the presence 
of witnesses and the production of papers, with a view to 
ascertain the true offender or offenders, and secure the 
' Governtnet'it frotn all loss, as far as possible. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 trust the gentleman from 
