1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
101 
Illinois will withhold that •resolution for a short 
time, as I am informed we shall soon have a 
corn:nunication from the Secretary of the Interior 
in refcrcnce to that matter. The resolution will 
then be proper enough. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Under those cir- 
cullistances, will let the resolution rest for the 
present. 
ADJOURNMENT OVER. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 move that when the 
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on 
Thursday next. 
The motion was agreed to. 
WITHDRAWAL or PAPERS. 
On motion of Mr. STOUT, it was 
Ordered, 'Phat leave be granted to withdraw from the 
files of the House papers relating to the proceedings of the 
Caliün•nia, Oregon, and Pacific railroad convention, for the 
purpose of being used in the Senate. 
OFFICERS IN TERRITORIES. 
Mr. OTERO, by unanimous consent, intro- 
duced a bill to provide for the appointment of 
Federal offcers in the Territories of the United 
States; which was read a first and second time, 
and referred to the Committee on Territories. 
ARMS TO CALIFORNIA. 
Mr. BURCH, by unanimous consent, intro- 
duced the foilowing joint resolution; which was 
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs: 
Rcsoh•ed the Senate and House of Representatives , 
That the Seéretary of War be, and is hereby, directed and 
required to issue to the State of California quotas of arms 
for the years 1850 and 1851, equal to the quota is*ucd to 
said State for the year 1852, of such description as the au- 
thoritics of said State may require. 
PRINTING OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. i desire to propound 
a question to tbc chairman of the Committec on 
Public Printing. I wish to know whether it is 
the intention of that committee to report in favor 
of printing any extra numbers of the President's 
message? I understand that the time within which 
their printincr can be ordered is about to cxpire, 
and that the Printer has had his type locked up 
for some. time, awaiting the order of the House. 
Mr. HASKIN. In reply to the gentleman from 
Illinois, I would state that the chairman of the 
Committee on Public Printing is absent, but that 
he has directed me to report to the House this 
morning, from that committee, two resolutions, 
whie.h will bc an answer to the questions the gen- 
tlcman has propounded. I therefore offer the fol- 
lowincr resolution : 
Resolved, That fifteen thousand extra copies of the an- 
nual report of the Secretaryof the 'Treasury on the state of 
the finånces,• be printed for the use of the House, and one 
thousand copies for the use of the Treasury Department. 
I will state that that is the usual number, and 
the same that was ordered to be printed last ses- 
sion. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
Mr. HASKIN offered the following resolu„ 
t.ions: 
ResoZccd, That there bc printed for the use of the House 
twenty-five thousand copies of the tnessage of tho Presi- 
with thc reports proper of the 
dent or the (Jnited Statvs, 
heads of nepnrrtnents and ehiet:s of bureaus connected 
therewith, onxittinu the statistical matters and details ac- 
co!npanying said réport. 
Resolved further, That there be printed, in addition, for 
the' use of the House, five thousand extra copies of the said 
message and accompanying documents. 
The resolutions were agreed to. 
Mr. I-IASKIN moved to reconsider the votes 
by which the several resolutions were adopted; 
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider 
on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
GENERAL HARNEY. 
Mr. SCOTT, by urianimous consent, intro- 
duced the followincr resolution; which was read, 
considered, and agreed to: 
Resolved, 'That the Secretary of VVar be requested to fur- 
nish to the Ilouse of Reprcseutatives copies of all corre- 
spondence on file in the War Department, not heretofore 
puhlished, having reference to General Harney's adlninis- 
tration of the military dcpatunent of Oregon. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 call for the regu- 
lar order of business. 
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi- 
ness is the call of committees for reports for 
reference only. 
The committees were then called. 
ARMY APPROPRIATION DILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN , from the Committee ofWays 
and Means, reported a bill making appropria- 
tions for {he support of thc army for the year 
ending June 30, 1862; which was read a first and 
second time, and referred to the Committee of the 
Whole on tho state of thc Union„and ordcrcd to 
be printed. 
DEFICIENCY BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The deficiency bill, which 
we sent to the Senate, contains an error which 
crept in in the on'.n•ossment. I therefore offer the 
followin(Y resolution: 
Resolued, That. tha Clerk be directed to request the Sen- 
ate to return House bill No. 833, to supply deficiencies in 
the appropriations the fiscal service for the year ending 
June 30, 1851. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
FISHING BOUNTIES. 
Mr. ELIOT, from-I the Com:nitteeon Commerce 
reported back, with a recommendation that it do 
not pass, House bill No. 51, to repeal all laws or 
parts of laws oranting bounties or allowances to 
vessels employed in the bank and other cod fish- 
cries; which was referred to the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to bc 
printed. 
Mr. HOUSTON. Will it be in order to ask 
the action of the House upon that bill at this time ? 
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent. 
MR. I-IOUSTON. Does it require unanimous 
co i) sent? 
The SPEAKER. It does 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 would inquire of the. gen- 
tleman from Massachusetts if the report of the 
committee was unanimous ? 
Mr. ELIOT. My irnpression is that the report 
was unanimous, but I think the committee was 
not full. 
Mr. HOUSTON. the House consent to 
take a vote upon that bill now? 
Mr. ELIOT. It be done. 
Mr. HOUSTON. If the report of the com- 
mittee is to be sustained by the Ilouse, let us 
have a vole now, and not it *this short 
session. 
Mr. ELIOT. It cannot bc done now under 
the rules. 
Mr. HOUSTON. is what 1 cxpected of 
the gentleman. 
SHIP JUNIOR. 
Mr. EL IOT , from the Committee on Commerce, 
asked leave to rcport a bill for the relief of D. R. 
Greer and others, owners of the ship Junior, of 
New Bedford, that it might be printed and re- 
committed to the Cormuittee on Commerce. 
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order during the 
morning hour to mako a rcpoft ofa bill, in order 
to have it printed and recommitted? I understand 
that the object is to give that bill an advantage 
over the bill which the gentleman just previously 
reported, and which he proposes to sink in the 
Coramittee of the Whole—a bill in which the 
whole country is interested , and I.)Y which the gen- 
tleman 's constituents are perrnitted to fleece mine, 
I object to giving this last bill that 
as I believe. 
advantage, and theref'orc I objéct to tho gentle- 
gentleman from Alabama hag thought' to 
empl oy. 
Mr. CURRY.' Fi•ise to toquestibn Of oi•der.- 
Mr. HOUSTON.. from 
Massachusetts is t}hrqugh. 
Mr. ELIOT. No, Sir. 
Mr. CURRY. The point of • 
sire to •make is; that the gentleman from Mossä— 
chusetts has no discuss his •propoéiticni. 
I have no objection to the discussion pvdvided 
reply is allowed, and a vote can- be had upon •his 
bill. 
Mr. ELIOT. What 1 said was in reply 
remarks made by the gentleman from Alabama, 
[Mr. HousTON. 
Mr. HOUST N. no reply at all, Mr. 
Speaker. 
It did not reach the point i made. 
The SPEAKER. No at all, 
That is clear. 
HENRY RICE. 
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com- 
merce, reported back, with a recommendation that 
it; do pass, a bill (S. No, 501) for the relief of 
Henry Rice; which was referred to a Committee 
of the Whole House, and, with the accompanyiqg 
report, ordered to be printed. 
coMMITTEE DISCHARGED. 
On motion of Mr. COLFAX, the Committee 
on the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged 
from the further consideration of petitions of Oli- 
vcr Evans Woods, of Philadelphia and others; 
and the same were laid upon the table. 
METROPOLITAN POLICT,. 
Mr. KILGORE, by unanimous consent, intro- 
duced a bill to provide for the of- a 
metropolitan police force for the city of Wash- 
ington; which was read a first and second time, 
and referred to the Committee for the District of 
Columbia. 
UNITED STATES COURT-ROOMS IN NEW JERSEY. 
Mr. PORTER, from the Committce on the Ju- 
diciary, reportcd a bill to conq.)ensate the State of 
Newr jersey for the •use of court-ronrns for the 
United States courts in the State House at Tren- 
ton, in said State; which was read first and sec- 
ond time, referred to the Committee of the Whole 
on the state of the Union, and ordered to' be 
printed. 
MRS. L'LIZABETIL MONTGOMERY. 
Mr. BRIGGS, from thc Committee Revo- 
lutionary Claims, reported back, with a recom- 
mcndation that it do pass, a bill (S. No. 95) for 
the, relicf of Mrs. Elizabeth Montgomery, heir of 
Hugh Montgomery; which was referred to a 
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the 
accompanying report, ordered to be printed. 
MARY BL'RAUL'I'. 
Mr. BRIGGS, also, from the same committee, 
reported a bill for thc relief of Mary Berault, 
administratrix of Lieutenant Joseph Wheaton; 
which was read a first and- second time, -referred 
to Committee of -the Whole House, and, with 
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed. 
CAPTAIN CHARLES 
man 's motion to huvc it printed and recommitted. 
I Mr. DUELL, from the same committee, re- 
If the gentleman bad given us a fair chancc upon 
the other bikl, I have objected; but if ported a bill for the relief of the legal representa- 
tivcs of Captain Charles Fiercr•; which was read 
r,ow object. 
I have the right, I 
a first and second time, referred to a Committee 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen- 
of [he Whole House, and, with the accompany- 
tleman from Alabama has the right. 
ing report, ordered to be printed. 
Mr. HOÜS'I'ON. Then L object. 
' r lie bill will be returned to 
The SPEAKER 
FREDERICK VINCENT. 
the entleman from iMassachusetts 
Mr. DUELL, also, from the same committee, 
Mgr ELIOT. At an early mceting of the Com- 
reported back, with a recommendation that it do 
mittee on Cornincrce thig session, I was unan- 
not pass, a bilk (S. No. 275) forthc relief of Fred- 
imously instructcd to report this bill to the House, 
erick Vincent, administrator of James Le Caze, 
for the purpose of having the report printed and 
survivinff partner of Le Caze & Mallet; which 
If the honorable member I i 
the bill recommitted. 
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed. 
from Alabama sees fit to apply his objection to 
this bill, I certainly *hail not ask any favors; but 
JOHN W. WILDER. 
l\'lr. DUELL, also, from the same committee, 
shall take thc bill back into my custody. 
gard to the expression which féll from the lips of 
made an adverse report on the petition of John 
the gentleman from Alabæuna in respect to the W. Wilder, administrator of Stephen C. Graham, 
praying for commutation pay; which -w•as laid 
fishing bounty laws, let say to him that I am 
not here to return phrases c,t• that description. 
upon the table, and ordered to be printed. 
these lam.vs have stood upon the 
Mr. Speaker, 
PETER TREZVANT. 
statute-book since the institution of our Govern- 
ment; and I respectfully subrnit that it does not Mr. DUELL also, from the same committee, re- 
beco•me any one to apply to the States which have ported a bill to refund to the State of Georgia cer- 
, tain moneys paid by said State to Peter TreZvant, 
the benefit of these laws, language such as the 
