192 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
December 24. 
legal representative Of Robert Farquhar; which have gone to the expense of transporting them to bill on its passage; and I have information that 
was read a first and second time, referred to a 
Committee of the •Whole House, and, with the 
accompanying report, ordered to be printed. 
HENRY G. CARSON. 
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee, 
reported back, with a recommendation that it do 
not pass, a bill (S, No. 187) for the relief of Hen- 
ry G. Carson, administrator of Curtis Grubb, 
deceased; which was laid upon the table, and, 
with the accompanying report', ordered to be 
printed. 
GABRIEL 1. JOIINSTON. 
Mr. NOELL, from the Committee on Private 
Land Claims, rcported back, with a recommend- 
ation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 276) for 
the benefit of Gabriel I. Johnston; which was 
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, 
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to 
be printed, 
REPORT TO BE PRINTED. 
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. 
from the Conu•nittee on Indian AfFairs, in the ease 
of certain Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pottawatomie 
Indians, in the State of Michigan. A bill was 
reported last session; and I now ask that the 
report may be printed 
it was so ordered. 
CHILDREN OF JOSEPH MOZEAU. 
Mr. ALDRICH, from the Committee on Indian 
Affairs, reported the followincr resolution; which 
was read, considered, and agreed to: 
Resolved, That the Secretary of the rnterlor be, and 
hereby is, directed to report to this House to whotn and by 
what authority certain stuns of money allotted or awarded 
to Mary 'Vooéibury (then Mary 'Ilafiaferro) and Elizabeth 
(then Elizabeth Willi;nn.s) to B. Mozeau, Sophia 
Mozeau, Antoine Mozeau, 
and Joseph Labattia, children 
Joseph Mozcau, 
under the treaty with the 
and '.vard of' 
Sioux Indians ot• the 29th Septmnber, 1837, were paid, 
and whether the clai•nants have ever recetvcd the several 
a:nountg due t.hetn under said treat.v or any part thereof; 
and also, 
ari.v infinunation in relation to said surns of 
which he nja.v be able to conununicate. 
GEORGE L. HARTSUk'F. 
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee Mil- 
itary A(Yairs, reportcd a bill for the relief' of Lieu- 
tenitnt George L. Hartsuff; which was read a first 
and second time by its title. 
The bill was then read in extenso. 
It directs 
the Secretary of the 'ih•easury to pay to Lieuten- 
ant Hartsuffj out of any money in the rl*reasury 
not othtr•wise appropriated, the stun of $380, 
beinR the amount of public rnoney in specie ill 
remote posts. The object is that individuals shall 
not coax them away, by offering them higher pay. 
It is the unanimous opinion of the committee that 
the bill should be passed soon, so as to puta stop 
to these losses. 
The bill was read, with the amendments pr0- 
posed by the Committee on Military Affairs. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Does this bill come from 
the Committee on Military Affairs? 
Mr. CURTIS. It does; with the recommend- 
ation that it have immediate consideration. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. The bill has not been 
printed; we have had no opportunity of consid- 
crino- its various provisions; and I can see no 
necessity for pressino• its consideration at this 
Ijarticular time, when thc seats of members are 
not full—when some of the members of the Com- 
mittee on Military Affairs have gone home, as 
well as many other members not connected with 
must ask the gentleman from 
that committee. 
Iowa to allow the postponement of the bill until 
it Shull bc printed, and we can examine it and 
understand precisely what are its provisions, and 
I make this 
until we can have a full House. 
request of the gentleman from Iowa because, if he 
insists on action by the House at this time, I shall 
feel compelled to object to its being reported at 
all. 
Mr. STANTON. If the from Geor- 
oia will namc some day when he is willing to 
consider it, I presume there will be no objection 
to postponing it until that day. 
Mr. CRAM,TFORD. 1 have no objection to any 
da after ten days subsequent to the holidays. 
{fir. STAN'i'ON. hope it will be postponed 
until sorne day the gentlenmn may narne, and be 
made the special order. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 will propose the third Tues- 
day in January. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. to its 
beincr postponed until that day, and be ordered to 
be pi•inted. 
Mr. CURTIS. And let it be made special 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Oh no; 1 object to its 
beino• Inade a special order. 
CUR.FI*IS. Very well; let it. be postponed. 
r ilhe bill was postponed until the third r ruesday 
of January, and ordered to be printed. 
WASHINGTON MILITARY ROADS. 
Mr. PENDLETON. i tun instructed by the 
Committee on Military Affairs to report back 
VI ouse bills Nos. 883 and 885, with a substitute 
for both. The first is a bill the construction 
his possession, in his oflicial caljacity ns assistant 
i of a military road in the Territory of Washing- 
connmssury of subsistei'lce in the United Slates 
Army, on board the steamboat Lady Elgin, on 
Lake Michigan, and which was lost by the sink- 
ing of said vcs.scl in the month of Septernber, 1860, 
snid rnoney hn vine been refunded by him and 
paid over to his: successor. 
Mr. S'I'AN'I'ON. 1 hope 
there will be no 01)- ' 
jection to the 
pustsa€-re 
was connnissary at Fort Mackinaw; I 
was ordered to Chicago to purchase su E.)sistcnce 
stores, and took with hirn specie and bills. 
for thun in l)ills, 
pu rchased the stores, Day in o 
und returned With the specio on Lady Elgin. 
The stearn boat was sunk, and he lost his ward 
robe as well as the tuoncy 
Ile presented a claim 
for his as weli as the money, which the 
committee reiected. This bill sirnply proposes 
to rcfund to him the amount of Government funds 
lost by the sinking of that vessel. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read II 
ton. The other is a bill for the completion of 
n'lilitary roads in the Territory of Washington. 
I ask that thc bills, with the substitute theref01% be 
refin•rcd to t.he Conunittee of the Whole on the 
statc of the Union, and be ordered to be printed. 
fl'he motion was to. 
J. E. MARTIN. 
MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, from the Com- 
Inittee on Foreign Affairs, reported back Senate 
biil (No. 273 for. the relief of the legal represent- 
Martin; which was refin•red to a 
atives of J. 
Committee of the -Whole House, and, with the 
accompanying report, ordercd to be printed. 
PETER JOSEPHS. 
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Invalid 
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Peter 
Josephs; which was read a first and second time, 
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, 
a third tirne•, and beincy encrrossed, it was accord- 
and, with the accompanyino• report, ordered to 
ingly read the third lime and passed. 
M 1'. moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider on the table 
The luttcr Inotif)l'l was agreed to. 
DESERTIONS FROM ARMY. 
Mr. CUR'I'IS. 1 am instructed by the Committee 
on Military A_iTairs to report back, with amend- 
ments, a bill (S. No. 46) to prevent desertions 
and to facilitate the enlistment of soldiers in the 
Ai'myoft.he Uilited States. i am-further instructed 
b? t.h' cornmittee to ask that the bilk bc put upon l' 
It is a bill of great inaportance to the 
public. It is to prevent desertions from tbc Army. 
The Governrncl'lt is constantly subjected to great 
loss because soldiers are enticed away after we 
be printed. 
ELIZA REEVES. 
Mr. STOKES, from the same commit.tee, re- 
ported back I•-louse bill (No. 467) granting an 
Invalid pension to Eliza Reeves, with the recom- 
mendafion that it do pass. 
Mr. STOKES said : 1 am instructed by the com- 
mittee to ask the unanimous consent of the House 
to put that bill on its passaoe; and if Inay be 
the Senate will immediately consider it. 
There being no objection, the. bill wag taken up 
It directs the. Secretary of the 
for consideration. 
Interior to place the name of Eliza Reeyes upon 
the roll of invalid pensions, at the rate of nine 
dollars per month, to commencc on the first day 
of January, 1860, and to continue during her wid& 
owhood. 
The bill was ordered to be enffrossed and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the bill was passed; a.nd also moved to lay 
the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to 
SUSAN M'GAULICK. 
Mr. FLORENCE, from the Committee on rn- 
valid Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension 
to Susan McGaulick, widow of James McGaul ick ; 
which was read a first and second time, referred 
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with 
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed. 
THOMAS CHITTENDEN. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 have also a bill for the 
relief of an old soldicr of the l.var of 1812, which 
is a case of necessity, and for which I ask the 
same indulgence as was extended t.o the gentle- 
man from Tennessee [Mr. STOKES] just now. I 
will state tl•mt the gen tlemnn from Wisconsin is 
very much interested in the case, and I promised 
him I would ask the consent of the House to put 
it on its passage without delay. 
The bill w•us read. II directs the Secretary of 
the Interior to place the name of Charles Chitten- 
den, of Wisconsin, on the roll invalid pension- 
ers at the rate of eight dollars per month, to com- 
mence on the 1st day of January, 1858, and to 
continue during his natural life. 
it states that the peti- 
The report was read. 
tioner, in 1813, was an ensio•n in the thirtieth regi- 
ment, United States infantry; that subsequently 
on the 21st December, 1814, he M.ras appointed a 
second lieutenant in said regirnent; that he con- 
tinned in service until the month of September, 
1815; during which time he was in servæc with 
his ret-rimcnt an the northern frontier, suffering 
creat hardships on account of the inclemency of 
that during the auti.unn and winter 
the weather; 
of' said year ho performed the duty of quarter- 
n'iaster in addition to the regular duties of his 
grade, of office; that in the discharge of his duty 
as quartermaster, he had frequently to perform 
severe labor; that to encourage his men, he would 
frequently join them in extracting transportation 
wracrons from difficult situations; that while thug 
engaged he received an injury or strain which 
disabled hiln from further active service, and he 
x,vas oblicred in consequence tö return home; that 
the injury has affected more or less ever 
since; and now at the. acre of sixty-nine years he 
finds himself poor and unable to work. T hc 
petitioner further states that not until necessity 
drove him did he apply to the Government for 
No objection having been made, the bill was 
ordered to be encn•osscd, and read a third time, 
and being engrossed, it •was accordingly read the 
third time, and passed. 
Mr. FLORENCE by which 
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also 
moved t.hat the inotion to reconsider be laid on 
the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
ABSTRACTION OF PUBLIC SECURITIES. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com- 
munication from the Secretary of the Interior, 
stating that on Saturday night last he was in- 
formed by the voluntary confession of an officer 
of his Department, that Slate bonds held in trust 
bv the United States Government. for certain In- 
dian tribes, to the amount of $870,000, had been 
abstracted from its custody, and converted to 
private use; that the enormity of the fraud de- 
manded a full investWation, by a conunittee of 
indulged for a Inornent, i will state the reason. Congress, into till the facts and circumstances 
[ infornncd that Mrs. Reeves is in the city of W'hieh haveattendcdits perpetration. To vindicate 
Washington, and that she is in a very distressed 
his own honor and integrity, and to the 
condition, without the rneans support for her- 
guilty and the derelict, the Socretary appealed to 
self and children. 
I am credibly informed that flic House to appointa comrnittee, with full power 
they are almost on tile point of starvation. 
to send for persons and papers, and to report 
therefore ask thc consent of the House to put the I uoon the subject. 
