194 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 27, 
Tellers were Messrs. BRIGGS and 
BABBITT were appointed. 
'I'he House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes 63, noes 24; no quorum voting, 
Mr. SHERMAN. As there is a qucn•um pres- 
ent, I call for the* qeas and nays. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is the object of 
going into committee debate, or is it business ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. It is business. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. the object be 
business exclusively, i have no objection; other- 
wise, I hope the Housc will adjourn. 
Mr. SHERMAN. No debate will be in order 
except upon the consular bill. 
I suggested to the 
Mr. MORRIS; of Illinois. 
gentleman from Ohio, when he first made his res- 
olution, that an hour should be allowed for gen- 
I am very frank to state to the 
eral discussion. 
House that I was desirous to obtain the floor to 
speak upon the questions of public interest now 
acritatiny the couhtry. I stand with a very small 
band of popular-sovereignty Democrats, and be- 
tween the fire of both sides, and think we ought 
to have the opportunity of beinrr heard occasion- 
Objection ',vas made that debate was out of 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 wish to say to the gen- 
tleman from Ohio [Mr. SHERMAN] that the House 
is evidently disinc\incd to go to work upon this 
consular appropriation bill. There is no urgent 
necessity, as the gentleman knows, for passiiP 
that bill to-day. The House is very thin, and 
see no reason why we should not adjourn. I will 
therefore move, with the consent of the gentle- 
man, thnt the House. do now adjourn. 
Mr. SEIERMAN. 1 have no doubt we can 
pass the consular bill in little while. 
I want to 
get these formal appropriation bills out of the 
way of the pressing business. When the bill is 
disposed of, I shall be perfectly willing to ad- 
journ. 
Mr. CRAV,JFORD. very well; withdraw 
my motion to adjourn. 
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE. 
A messarre, was received from the Senate, by 
Mr. 1-1,cKEY, its Chief Clerk, 
informing the 
House that the Senate had passed an act to amend 
an act entitled "An act to authorize the extension, 
construction, and use, of a latcral branch of the 
Baltimore and Ohio railroad into and within the 
in-which he was directed 
District Columbia," 
to ask the concurrence of the House; also, return- 
in«, in compliancc with a resolution of the House, 
the deficiency appropriation bill. 
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL. 
The question was then taken on the motion to 
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state 
of the Union: and it was agreed to. 
T hc House accordingly resolved itself into the 
Cornmittec of the Whole ou the state of'thc Union, 
(Mr. .J011N COCHRANE in the chair,) and pro- 
cecded to the consideration of the special order, 
being a bill (H. R. No. 864) making appropria- 
tions for the consular and (hplcnnntic expenses of 
the Government for the year ending 30th June, 
By unanimous consent, the first reading of the 
bill '.vas dispensed with; and the Clerk proceeded 
to read it by clauses, for amendment. 
Mr. QU ARLES. I desire to ask the chairman 
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether 
this appropriation for pay of consuls is in excess 
of the estimates, or whether it is in conformity 
with them? 
Mr. SHERMAN. It is in conformity x,vith the 
e.stirnates, and in conformity with the law. These 
are all salaried offices. 
Mr. STANTON. I notice here appropriations 
tar missions to Rome and Sardinia. I had sup- 
posed that those Governments had been super- 
gcded, and the Italian Government substituted in 
If that is the case, there is, perhaps, 
their place. 
no occasion for these appropriations. 
I suppose 
the gentleman who has charge of the bill, or the 
c. narr:nan of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, 
ndcrstands the matter, and can explain it to thic 
House 
Mr. St•IERMAN. I can state to rny colleague 
that the lecyal name of mission to Sardinia svas 
fixed by law last session, and the amount of our 
minister's salary there was also fixed. The do- 
minions of- Sardinia have been extended over 
other countries, but the name of the mission IS 
unchanged. We struck- out the mission to Na- 
ples; that is •the only change we made. Rome is 
still a principality or temporal Power, and ••,ve 
If the House 
have a char('é there, ora minister. 
chooses to dispense with that office, they ought 
to change the law. 
Mr. STANTON. Asa matter of course, when- 
ever there are such changes in foreign Govern- 
ments as to supersede the necessity of the ap- 
pointment of ministers there, take it for granted 
the Executive would desire the appropriations for 
ministers to such places to be omitted from the 
I do not understand— 
annual appropriation bill. 
though 1 may be mistaken about it—that there is 
any temporal Government at Rome left, with 
which we can hold diplomatic intercourse. I sup- 
pose, also, that Naples and Sardinia are now uni- 
ted under one Government, with a new name, and 
that both the missions ought not to bc retained; 
but I am not informed on the subject. 
Mr. CORWIN. I am unable to give the gen- 
tleman or the House any information on the par- 
I only know, 
ticuiar point to which he refers. 
history of' the times, that the 
from the general 
temporal power of the Pope has not been taken 
away from him by any act of the sovereigns of 
I take it for 
Europe or by the accidents of war. 
granted , therefore , un til such an arrangement shall 
take place in European affairs, that that mission, 
whatever it is, remains still to be provided for. I 
do not know if what remains of the Government of 
the United States will have any particular interest 
in Papal affairs; but it has he•rctofore considered 
it its duty to send some one in a diplomatic capa- 
city to Rome. I would suggest to the gentleman, 
however, that the money will not be taken from 
the rrreasury unless there should be scope rc- 
maining for that mission amid the convulsions of 
Europe; and, therefore, no hartn can result frorn 
retaining thc appropriation in the bill. 
Mr. CRAYVFORD. 1 find, upon page 5 of the 
bill, a provision ill these words: 
For salaries of the mar*lnqls t'or the consular courts in 
Japan, China, Simn, and 'l'urkey, $7,000." 
It seems to me that that item might be reduced. 
Mr. SHERMAN. law of last 
of June 22, thc compensation of these 
marshals; and $7,000 is the amount prescribed by 
law. I do not see how the gentleman can reduce 
the amount. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 ask the gentle- 
man whether that law was a mere, appropriation 
naming this amount, or whether it was a law fix- 
inff the salaries ? 
ivlr. SHERMAN. 1 have looked at the 
law; but I sec by the estimates that the law of 
June 22, 1860, is to. I remember the law 
very well. 
It was drawn up at the office of the 
Secretary of State. 
I do not know whether the 
salary was fixed. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. My impression is, that 
the amount of salary was not specified in the law; 
and I think is too much. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am informed by 
tleman who reported the bill that the salaries are 
fixed by law, although he has not the law before 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Fixed 
would ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. 
MORRIs,] who reported the bill, if the law of 1860 
defines the exact amount that each of these mar- 
shals for consular courts shall receive ? 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. My impres- 
Sion is that it does. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. That bill was amended, 
the gentleman will remember, in some particulars. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. No, sir; that 
bill was not amended in any particular. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 will state to the chair- 
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, that 
i will make no motion in committee in reference 
to this matter, if he will agree to an understand- 
ing that in case f on reference to the law of 1860, 
it shall appear that the amount of salary was not 
fixed, we shall have a vote in the House on re- 
ducing the item. 
Mr. SHERMAIN'. have no objection to that. 
I now move that the committee use and report 
the biii to the House. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker havin• 
resumed the chair, Mr. JOHN COCHRANE reported 
that: the Committee of the Whole on the state of 
the Union had, according to order, had under 
consideration the .consular and diplomatic appro- 
priation bilk, and had directed him to report the 
same to the House without amendment, and with 
a recommendation that it do pass. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 find law 1860 
authorizes the appointment of seven marshals for 
consular courts; so that the salary of each is only 
My impression was that the law authoF- 
Ized the appointment of only four. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved the previous ques- 
tion. 
'I'he previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered 
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and 
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac- 
cording}y read the third time, und passed. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider upon tbe table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL. 
on motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the House 
then proceeded to consider the bill of the House 
(No. 862) making appropriations for the support 
of the Military Academy for the yeaF ending June 
30, 1862, returned from the Senate with an atnend- 
meut. 
The amendment of the Senate was read and 
concurred in, as follows: 
At the end of the bill add the following . 
'l'o defray the expenses of the comnlission appointed 
under the eighth section of An act making appropriations 
for the support of the Anny tar the year ending June 30, 
1661 in addition to the an)0Li11t appropriated by said act, 
$13,b60. 
PAPERS WITHDRAWN. 
On motion of Mr. FENTON , leave was ted 
for the withdrawal from the files of the House of 
the papers in the case of John Jackson, for the 
purpose of reference to the Commissioner of Pen- 
sions. 
And then, on motion of Mr. CRAWFORD, 
(at two o'clock, p. m. , ) the House adjourned 
until r r next. 
IN SENATE. 
THURSDAY, December 27, 1860. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of Monday last was read and 
approved. 
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 that when the Senate 
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next. 
Mr. JOHNSON, ofArkansas. 1 suggest to the 
Senator that it will be, perhaps, time enough to 
adopt t.hat resolution when the Senate shall be 
Inore full. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 have no objection to wi.th- 
drawing the motion for the present, if the Sena- 
tor desires it. 
IMP. .TOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not know 
that I shall make any objection, but there arc few 
members here. However, it can be reconsidered 
if adopted. 
Mr. SEWARD. Let it be adopted, and recon- 
sidered if you will. 
The motion was agreed to. 
HOUSE BILL REFERRED. 
The bill (No. 467) granting a pension to Eliza 
Reeves, received from the House of Representa- 
tives on Monday last, 'was read twice by its title, 
and referred to the Committee on Pensions. 
MEMORIALS. 
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of John 
W. Mason, of New York, praying for indemnity 
and compensation for services of the ship Lucy 
Thompson, in rescuing and transporting to New 
York one hundred officers and soldiers of the 
United States Army; which was referred to the 
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia. 
Mr. LANE presented the memorial of Dexter 
R. Crocker, praying cornpensation for travi.soort- 
in-z the mail frolü Canyonville, Oregon, to Yreka F 
Caliibmna: which was referred to t'he Committee 
on the Post Offce and post Roads. 
PACIFIC RAILROAD. 
Mr. RICE. I wish to offer, for the purpose 
of having it printed, an amendment that I inteno 
