1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
to offer to the Pacific railroad bill which has 
passed the House of Representatives. 
The amendment was ordered to be printed. 
STATE OF '111B UNION. 
Mr. RICE. I also have a proposition which 
I wish to submit to the committee of thirteen; and 
1 ask tho consentofthe Senate. to have it printed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. 
RICK.) Does the Senator desire it to be read? 
Mr. RICE. No, sir. 
The resolution was ordered to be printed. 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. BARCLAY, one of its clerks, announced 
that. the House had passed the bill of the Senate 
(No. 523) for the relief of Lieutenant George L. 
Hartsuff, United States Army. 
BILL BECOME A LAW. 
The message further announced that the Pres- 
ident of the United States approved and signed 
on the 21st of December, an act (H. R. No. 861) 
making appropriations for the payment of invalid 
and other pensions of the United States for the 
year énding June 30, 1862. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
The message further announced that the House 
had ordered the of the following docu- 
ments: 
Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, 
transmitting statement of expenditures for the 
GEORGE L. IIARTSUFF. 
The bill (H. R. No. 905) for the relief of Lieu. 
tenant George L. Hartsuff was read twice by its 
Mr. BINGHAM. The Senate passed a simi- 
lar bill to this, and the House has just sent us a 
notice that they have concurred init. I will there- 
fore move to lay this bill on the table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
TERRiTORY OF ARIZåMA. 
Mr. GREEN. If there is no other morning 
business, move to take up the order of the day;• 
which is territorial business. 
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ter- 
ritorial bill on the Calendar is the bill (S. No. 
365) to provide a temporary government for •the 
I Territory of Arizuma, and to create the offce of 
surveyor general therein. 
The bill was read a second time, and consid- 
ered as in..Committee of the Whole. 
Mr. GREEN. I shall not make any extended 
explanation bill, because it is m the ordi- 
nary form. The necessity of a territorial organ- 
ization for the people there, I think, must be 
apparent. Their remote condition from the au- 
thority of Santa Fé, the ruling power of New 
Mexico, renders it necessary to give them a sep- 
arate territorial power. This bill is in the ordinary 
It contains nothino• that will be objection- 
• able toOanybody. The area is sufficient, the char- 
acter of the country justifies it, and there will be 
30, 1860—ordcrcd on the 24th Instant, at twelve 
o'clock and thirteen minutes; 
Letter from the Secretary of the Interior, trans- 
mitting the annual statement, required by the act 
of May l, 1820, prepared by the Second Comp- 
troller of the Treasury, showing balances of ap- 
propriations standing upon the books of that offce 
to tbc credit of that Department on the 1st of July, 
1859; the amounts appropriated by Congress for 
the service of the fiscal year ending 30th of June, 
1860, including repayments and transfer of appro- 
priations, and the aggregate amounts applicable 
to the service of said fiscal year; also the amounts 
drawn from said appropriations, or carried to the 
surplus fund, from July l, 18.59, to June 30, 1860, 
and the balances remaining in the Treasury at 
last named date—ordered on the 24th instant, at 
twelve o'clock and fourteen minutes; and 
Letter from the Secretary of the Interior, call- 
ing the attention of Congress to the abstraction 
of Indian trust fund—ordered on the 24th instant, 
at onc o'clock, p. m. 
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED. 
The following bills, from the House of Repre- 
sentatives, were severally read twice by their 
titles, and referred as indicated below: 
A bill (No. 864) making appropriations for the 
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1862—: I wish to deprive the Territory of the power to 
to the Committce on Finance; and 
I sell tbc sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections—the 
A bill (No. 909) for the relief of Thomas Chit- school lands—but to leave them in reservc for the 
Coast Survey during the fiscal year ending June a population to make a very fine State. The 
country is mostly mineral; but there arc some por- 
tions of it well adapted to agricultural and grazincr 
purposes. Without, however, enlarging on this, 
i propose a little amendment to the fourteenth 
I section. I wish to get at the formal parts before 
the general debate arises. 
In the seventh line of 
the fourteenth section I move to strike out the 
words ' 
' in said Territory and," and then in the 
eighth line to strike out the words " and Terri- 
tories." This section of the bill sets apart the 
sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections in each town- 
ship of the public lands for school purposes; and 
it says that they shall be applied to schools in 
said Territory, and in the States and Territories 
I wish 
hereafter to be erected out of the same." 
to confine it exclusively to the States; and I will 
explain to the Senate why I propose the change. 
The Territories frequently, hy virtue of this, clam 
the right to dispose of the lands when the popu- 
latiou is very small, and the value of the lands 
very little; and the consequence is that the bene- 
fits intended to be conferred on the future popu- 
lation are all lost, and the lands are put away. 
It is better to reserve them during the territorial 
existence, and let' the States dispose of them. 
They will sell to better advan!age, and the whole 
people 'uvill enjoy the benefit, rather than a few 
speculators who go out to induce Territorial 
consular and diplomatic expenses Of the Govern- Legislature to sell, in order that they may buy. 
tenden—to the Committee on Pensions. 
MESSAGE FROM HOUSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. BARCLAY, one of its clerks, announced 
that the House had passed thc following bills, in I 
which the concurrence of the Senate was requested: ; 
A bill (No. 905) for the relief of Lieutenant 
George L. Hartsuff, of the United States Army; 
A bill (No. 909) for the relief of Thomas Chit- 
tenden; and 
A bill (No. 864) making appropriations for the 
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern- , 
ment for the year ending June 30, 1862. 
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL. 
The message further announced that the House 
had concurred in the amendment of the Senate to 
the bill (H. R. No. 862) making appropriations 
for the support of the Military Academy for the 
State, and let the dispose of them. 
Mr. GYVIN. I ask the Senator from Missouri 
whether the Territory, in the mean time, cannot 
use these lands—by leasing them, for instance. 
Mr. GREEN. Certainly. 
Mr. GWIN. Is it intended only that the title 
in fee shall not pass until it becomes a State? 
Mr. GRE (N. Certainly. 
The, amen n•ent was agreed to. 
Mr. GREDN. 1 have another svght amend- 
he sixth section, •ninth line,åfter 
nvnt to make; 
the word resi insert: 
Nor shall any law be passed impairiDg tbe rights of pri- 
vate property. 
So that the section will read: 
SF.c. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the legislative 
power of the Territory shall extend to all rightful subjects 
of legislation, consistent with the Constitution ofthc (Jni- 
ted States and the provisions of this act; but no law shall 
be passed Interfering with the primary disposal of the soil ; 
year ending June 30, •1862. 
! I no tax shall be imposed upon -the property of the United 
States; nor shall the lands or other property or non-resi- 
DEFICIENCY BILL. 
dents be taxed higher than the lauds or other property of 
The message further announced that the House I residents ; nor shall any law bc passed impairing the rights 
havitv corrected the clerical error in the encn•oss- of private property; nor shall any discrimination be made 
in taxing differeut kinds of property, but all taxation shall 
ment of thc bill (H. R. No. 866) to supply de• 
offer, . In page 9; 
after the. .word ' 'jurisdictions propose: to- in, 
sert: 
And authority for redress of aiFWmngs committed-Ogaidst_ 
the Constitution or laws of the 
ritory, affecting persons or property. 
So that the -proviso will read: 
Provided, Tbathjust!ees of the peace 
shall not have jurisdiction of any mæu.ter in 
When the 'title. of böündåries of land-rHay bé 
where the debt or Snm claimed Shut*' exceed' 
the: said _ supreme and district Courts; 
possess chapcery as well end 
autbülty for redress Of all wrongs committed against 
ConstitUti0ü or kaivg of the United States, Oi'eof 
tory, 'affecting personS or property, &c'. 
The amendmcht wäs agreed to. 
Mr. BROWN. 1 move the 
additionål section, to come.in at the end of the bill: 
ulnd be U further enacted, the act of the-:Lgislative 
Asgeli)bly- of' NewlMe.tico approved Fé.bruary 3,.1859, 
titled Ah act to 'étbvide For tbe proteetioh of bröberty 
slaves this Tcr*itorv," be, -and thé aanie is hereby; 
tended to-and declared in force in tlien.territoryof-Arlzü1häj • 
and it shall not bc repealed during the territorial existence 
of said 'l'crritory. 
TRUMBULL. 1 move to 
amendment offered by the Senator from Missis- 
sippi, by striking out the whole of it after the 
word " -that," and insertinø: 
'1'110 law in respect to African slavery-as •it existed in. 
said Territory at the time of its acquisition frmn Mexico, 
shalt remain unchanged untit its adrnission as a State. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE and Mr. iROWN rose. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. 
RICK.) The Senator from Mississippi. 
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from Wiscon. 
sin desires to go on with the speech which the 
Senate expected him to make to-day, I am will- 
ing to yield. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 intend to speak eupön 
this amendment. 
Mr. BROWN. Then Jet the Senator go on. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 am willing sen- 
ator should finish, unless he designs to occupy 
some considerable time. 
Mr. BROWN. Go on. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senator 
from Wisconsin. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, 
vote for the amendment offered by the Senator 
from Illinois, [Mr. TRUMBULL.] We have lived 
together, 
under the Constitution. of the United 
States, in slaveholding and non-skavebQldingStates 
for more than seventy years, and have lived to.- 
gether in peace. That peace, however, has rested 
upon two fundamental ideas: first, that the Fed:- 
eral Government and the citizens of the free States 
shall make no aggression upon slavery. in the 
States; and the other, equally fundamental,.that 
neither the Federal Government nor the slave- 
holders of the slave States shall make any aggres- 
sions upon or undertake to overturn' freedom:in. 
the Territories. Upon these grounds we have 
lived together for these eighty years, and we may: 
livc for generations to come; but.if the citizens of 
the free States or. the Federal Government shall 
undertake, directly or indirectly, , to overturn 
slavery in the States where it exists, or if the 
citizens of the slave States or the Federal Gov- 
ernment shall undertake to overt-urn freedom in 
the Territories, we cannot have peace. 
The amendment of the Senator from Missis- 
sippi [Mr. BRowN] is an attempt by a law of 
Congress to repeal the law of .Mexico 
slavery, ind to legalize it; while the amendment 
of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. TRUMBULL af- 
firms that the law of freedom existing in the ere 
ritory at the time of its acquisition shall remain 
unchanged during its territorial condition. 
Sir, the Constitution of the United States is the 
supret1Re law of the land and of every State, and 
speaks the same language and has the same force 
everywhere ; in Virginia, Wisconsin, and in South 
Carolina. That Constitution was made for States, 
and not for Territories at all. 
It does not men- 
tion them, except to givc Congress the power to 
govern them ; but when extended over them by act 
of Congress it must be construed there, and every, 
where, and always, to mean the same—no more; 
no less. 
If it contains any language which -abolishes sla- 
be in proportion to the value of the property taxed. 
very in a Territory, it would abolish it in-a-State. 
iiciencies in the appropriations for the service of I 
If it contains any language which-wouldrcstablish 
i The amendment was agreed to. 
the fiscal year endmg June 30, 1861, he was di- 
Mr. GREEN. I have a third amendment to it in a Territory, it would establish it in every 
rected to return it to the Senate. 
