196 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Decernber 27, 
State within its jurisdiction, for it tenders the 
same oath, •and- speaks in the sarne voice, every- 
Where—in every Legislature and in every court. 
The wise men who framed it knew that the laws 
of 'some States would maintain, and the laws of 
other States woulr-l deny, the right of property in 
man. They foresaw that the people of free States 
and slave States might disagreee fundamentally 
on this questiöri; and, -therefore, in a Consti- 
tutioh which •was to be adopted by all, and to 
become the supreme law of all, they neither 
afiirmed the right of property in slaves, which 
would have established and made perpetual sla- 
very' in all the States, nor did they expressly deny 
the fight of property in slaves, which denial would 
have abolished slavery in every State, instantly 
upon ius adoption. 
They framed all its provisions in wisdom, and 
none more wisely than those which undoubtedly 
refer to. African slaves. They would not have 
in a Constitution for States 
the •word " dave 
which had just come out of a seven years' war 
for freedom and the rights of man. It refers to 
them always as persons; as persons held to ser- 
vice, not by the Constitution 0k' laws of the United 
States, but by the laws of the States where held. 
State laws may hold them to service, and make 
properly of the masters' right to their service; but 
the Constitution of the United States does not do 
it. It allows the States, if they will, to do it within 
their jurisdictions. By the laws of the free States, 
minors and apprentices may be held to service till 
ri'hcy might change their 
twenty-one years old. 
laws and hold them until twenty-five years old. 
In the slave States white persons, minors and 
apprentices, arc also hcld'till twenty-one years 
old. Their laws might be changed so as to dis- 
charge them at eigh teen or hold thorn until twenty- 
five. So colorcd persons of African descent may 
be held to service till twenty-one, or thirty, or 
fifty years of age, or for life. 
'The Constitution rccorynizes the fact that per- 
sons may be held to service under the laws of the 
several States; and provides that if they escape to 
another State, they shall not be discharged from 
such service, but shall bc delivered up on claim 
of the party to whom such service or labor nmy 
But I desire, now, to confine myself* to 
be due.' 
I Inay recur to this sub- 
the territorial question . 
ject of the rendition of fugitives hereafter. 
Mr. President, so much has bccn said about the 
famous Dred Scott case, that it rnay appear rather 
late at this day to speak of the principles agreed 
, indeed, 
upon by the majority of the 
anything, except that 
they were acrreed upon 
Dred Scott was not a citizen, and therefore could 
I will stato onc thin:y 
not sue in n Federal court. 
however, which was not. decided. I. believe that 
no gentleman who has carefully considered their 
opinions will take issue with mc when [ say that 
nothing contained in that decision or in the opin- 
ju(lgcs can warrant any 
ions of a majority of the 
Inan in maintaining that' the- Constitution of the 
United States, of its own fhrcc, cn ters 'Territory 
where slavcrv has already beeri abolished by law 
ot the sovereign power of v,' hom we acquired it, 
and establishes or o•uaran ties the right to take and 
hold slaves in any such r in violation of 
that law. I will admit the-t a rnajority of the 
judges expressed the opinion that the act of Con- 
gress abolishing slavery in a portion of Louisiana 
Territory was void; but they put their opinion 
upon the ground that the Constitution gives to 
Congress no power of legislation upon sub- 
ject. Justices Taney, Campbell, Grier, Wayne, 
and Daniel all concur in that. 
But with the ex- 
ception of one or two sentences in the opinion of 
Justice Taney looking in that direction, there is 
contained in the opinions of those judges 
whicll any one in inferring the right to 
take and hold slaves in all the Territories, incl uding 
those acquired from Mexico, wherein slavery was 
abolished, not by a law of Congress, but by a law 
of Mexico, before their acquisition. 
admit that one of the questions upon which 
a majority gave their opinion was, the power of 
Congress to abolish slavery in r I'erritory, aud in 
a Territory in which slavery existed, at the time 
of its acquisition, by the law of France. 
Justice 
Catron denied the 130 wer, the ground that 
1820 was unconstitutional and void; but he did not I 
give the reason for that opinion. Justice Nelson I 
condurred in the judgment of the court, upon the 
ground that the question had been disposed of by 
the law of Missouri; that, whatever might have 
been the effect of the law of Congress on the terri- 
tory north of 360 3(Y upon Dred Scott, on his re- 
turn to Missouri, by the law of that State and the 
decisions of its courts, he returned to the condi- 
tion of a slave. He concurred in the judgment of 
the court, but not in the opinion of the Chief Jus- 
tice. Justice McLean und Justice Curtis dissented 
from the opinion altogether; and, it is a remark- 
able fact, but onc judge (Justice Wayne) con- 
curred in the opinion of Judge Taney, without 
any qualification of its reasonin5 or its conclu- 
sions. 
Now, sir, the point which I make, and to which 
I desire to call the attention of gentlemen on the 
other side of the Chamber, is this: that there is 
nothing in this Dred Scott decision, or in the opin- 
ions expressed by a majority of the judges mak- 
ing that decision, upon which gentlemen can base 
any right to take and hold slaves in the territories 
acquired from Mexico; with the exception of one 
or two sentences contained in the opmion of the 
chief justice, which may be tortured into that, 
there is nothing, absolutely nothing, in the Dred 
Scott case, to justify them m saying that the Con- 
stitution of the United States enters the territo- 
ries we have acquired from Mexico, repeals the 
Mexican law against slavery, and establiÅhes a 
law, or guaranties the right to take and hold slaves 
in those Territories in violation of the Mexican 
law'. All the world knows that by the laws of ' 
nations, and by the decisions of all court.s in civ- 
ilized countries, the municipal laws of ceded 
territory remain in full force until changed by 
the sovereign power to whom the cession is made. 
The law of Louisiana territory, as ceded by 
France, was the law ofslavery until the, passage of 
the Missouri act abolishing it north of 360 , and 
west of Missou The law of New Mexico and 
Arizona is the law of freedom until changed by 
Congress, or by some other body or tribunal under 
its authority. Suppose we were to acquire Can- 
ada, where, by the law of' that country, or by 
the force, of law—the institution 
of slavery is not allowed to exist: do gentlcmen 
on the other side of the Chaml.)cr contend that 
the moment we should acquire that territory the 
Constitution enters it, repeals the law a«ainst 
slavery, and establishes a law in favor, 01' guar- 
anties a right by which slaves may be taken 
and hold therc in violation of its existing lam.v ? 
Where urc the words in tbc Constitution which 
If there are any which 
"ive any sucb power? 
would give it such power there, they do it in 
Wisconsil'i and in every other State in the Uni- 
ted States; for the Constitution is declared to 
be the supreme law of every State, anything in 
their laws constitut.ions to thc contrary not- 
withstanding. 'I'his amendment, therefore, pro- 
posed by rny honorable friend from Illinois, [Mr. 
'PRU MB ULL , ] that the law of Mexico existin«r in this 
r rerritory acyainst slavery, at tho time of' its acqui- 
sition, should renntin unchanged until it is admit- 
ted into the Union as a sovereign State, 
n') eets 
the case exactly, and does not conflict even with 
the opinion of the Chie.f Justice, much less of a 
majority of the judges, in the l.)rcd Scott case. 
For onc, I can never assent to the principle, 
that Congress has no power to legislate for the 
'I'erritorios upon this subject; but I ha e discussed 
that another occasion, and will n 
repeat my 
I turn now to thc onsideration 
aroun7ent now. 
of other subjects. 
The other day, the Senator from Tennessee, 
[Mr. NICHOLSON,] '•.vhom I do not now see in 
his seat, stated that at the present time there 
was a verv wide-spread alarm •existincr in the 
southern States i'n relation to the principles and 
ulterior designs of the Republican party. He 
said that it was not so much the violation of the 
fugitive slave law, nor the denial of the right to 
enter the Tcrritory with slaves, which occasioned 
that alarm, but from the growing numbers and 
power of tho free States, he apprehended that the 
I time would come when they would have power 
to amend the Constitution itself, and give to the 
the exercise of it was in violation of the treaty I Federal Government the power to abolish slavery 
if it be true that such wide-spread 
with France. Justice Grier concurred in the in the States. 
opinion of the court, that the act of Congress of II alarm exists among his people—and 1 do not 
doubt it—I desire to ask that honorable Senator 
why he did not, while speaking upon that sub- 
ject, embrace in his speech, which is to circulate 
among his constituents, the expressive !anguacre 
adopted by the Republican party, as one of its 
fundamental principles, at Chicago. I will read it: 
That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of the 
States, and especially toe right of each State to order an (i 
judgment exclusively, is essential to that balance of power 
on which the perfection aid endurancc ofour political fabric 
depends ; and we denounce the lawless invasion by arnied 
force of any State or 'I'erritory, no matter under what pre- 
text, as among the greatest of crimes." 
If that honorable Senator desires that the peo- 
ple of his State should know what are the views 
of the Republican party, and especially of that 
man who is about to take possession of one de- 
partment of the Government, why, 1 ask, in all 
candor, should he not, in his speech, which is to 
circulate among his people, incorporate these au- 
thorized declarations of the Republican party? Mr. 
Lincoln has been elected as President of tl;c Uni- 
ted States, and certainly, if that Senator desires, 
instead of increasing, to quiet the alarm of his 
citizens, why does ho not quote in his speech, so 
that it can reach theih—for ours do not—what 
Mr. Lincoln declared, over and over acrain, in the 
State of Illinois in the presence ofhis own people ? 
Why not Ict your people understand precisely the 
grounds upon which Mr. Lincoln and the Repub- 
lican party do stand? Quoti11g into his speech the 
other day that one declaration which was made 
the subject-matter of so much discussion between 
Mr. Lihcoln and the honorable Senator from Illi- 
] in the canvass of 1858, I 
nois, [Mr. DOUGLAS, 
insist that it would have been but just and fair to 
his own constituents, as well as to the President 
ekect and to the Republican party, that he should 
have quoted, also, Into his speech what I\'lr. Lin- 
coli) has said, again and again, in reference to 
this same declaration. Upon one occasion, in re- 
ply to the charge of Mr. DOUGLAS that he was in 
favor of making war by the North upon the South 
for the extermination of slavery, Mr. Lincoln 
do not believe the language en)ployed will bear any 
[ know that •I never nnennt any such 
such construction : 
that no fair mind can inlier any such 
thing, and believe, 
have ever said. 
thin " froni anyL11intr 
if, indeed, your people rest under such appre- 
hensions, why not proclaim in every speech that 
can reach the people of' the slaveho*ldinø States, 
that the incoming President declares: 
have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere 
with the institution of slavery in thc States vvhere it exists. 
believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no in- 
W ben it 
clination to do so." 
said that. 1 arn in favor of interfering with slavery where it 
exists, 1 kno«.v it is unwarranted by anything I have ever 
have ever said." 
intended, and, as i believe, by 
" hotd myself under constitutional 
obligations to allow the people in all the States, without in- 
terférence, direct or indirect, to do exactly as they please, 
and I deny that I have any inclination to interi@re with 
th('ln. even if there were no such constitutional obliga- 
Lion." 
I t' there is one thing for which he is known and 
distinguished, it is for his inflexible integrity of 
purpose, unquestioned even by his bitterest 
ICal enemies. When hc declares that he has no 
purpose, inclination, and believes that has 
no constitutional power, either directly or indi- 
rectly, to interftn•e with slavery iFI the States; that 
he could not if he would, and would not if he 
could , I ask the Senator fronl rrennessec why not, 
in I-leaven's narnc, quote these declarations into 
the speeches which hc is sending home to his con- 
stituents, if, in truth, he desires to quiet that alarm 
which he savs exists among them. 
Mr. NICHOLSON. Mr. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
the chair.) Does the Senator from 
yield to the Senator from Tennessee? 
Mr. DOOLI'rTLE. Yes, sir. 
Mr. NICHOLSON. must say to the Senator 
I from Wisconsin that, in the remarks which •I 
rpade in commenting on the Republican platform, 
I stated in explicit language, as plain as I could 
utter it, that in that platform they professed t_heir 
determination to regard the righ ts which southern 
men claimed in their slaves in the States, and 
that Mr. Lincoln fully and explicitly a_ccords with 
the sentiment and declarations of Iiis platform. I 
did not quote the language of the platform in that 
stated, though, what was my view of 
respect. 
