198 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBFL 
December 27, 
State of Kentucky. The Governor of Indiana 
made a requisition upon the Governor of Ken- 
tucky, and the Governor of Kentucky refused to i 
deliver him up, and upon the same principle. So, 
too, it is true, as the Senator from Kentucky has 
stated,-the Governor of Kentucky has demanded 
of the Governor of Ohio to surrender up one in- 
dicted for stealing slaves from the State of Ken- 
tucky, which 'was refused , and put upon precisely 
the same ground, that the test of criminality 
should be the law of the Stale Lo which they flee, 
and not the State from which they escapc. 
Mr. President, lay asidc all this excitement that 
exists in this body, and thrOughout the country, 
on this negro question, and I undertake to say that 
there are not ten men to bc found on this floor who 
would advocate the doctrine thata State, bv its own 
laws, can•make whatsoever it pleases a crime, and 
that its indictment shall be conclusive evidencc 
of the guilt as well as of the escape of thc per- 
son chargcd, and that he shall bc absolutely sur- 
rendered the Governor of the. Stato where he 
may be found. The honorable Senator from Ken- 
tucky may complain that it is annoying. 
so 1 
It is exceedingly annoying t.hat tbc 
grant it is. 
free negroes of Ohio and of Indiana can be kid- 
napped and carried into slavery in Kentucky, 01' 
elsewhere. So it is annoying for the slavehold- 
ers, on the contrary, that their slaves may bc en- 
ticed to run away from) them. I know all that; 
but, sir, there is a higher principle involved. I 
will read my authority for the stat.ement which I 
made in relation to the action of the Governor of 
Kentucky—a statement vvhich I find in tho Louis- 
ville Journal: 
Governor Magoffin knows very well that onc of his 
predecessors, a Governor of this State, a good Inany years 
ago, refused, upon a requisition l'rcnn the Govcrnor of Iu- 
diana, to surrender a fugitive charged with kidnapping a 
negro frrnn that State, the ground assu:ned being that it was 
no-crime by Kentucky law. 'I'he offender in t.lxat case was, 
svc understand, a Ine:nber of tho Kentuckv 
and he was dernanded as a fugitive frorn justice by ttnc 
Governor of Indiana fbr having gone over to that. St.ate and 
itn•cibly seized aud brought a negro to Kentucky 
leaal process ; and Governor of Kent ueky, sustn Ened by 
the Kentucky Legislature, (leclined, as 'Ve have said, to 
surrender the ancged fugitive, on the ground that he had 
(lonc nothing ',vhie.h the laws of Kentucky recognized as a 
crime." 
I do 110t care to go into a discussion of whether 
the right 01' wrong principle has been adopted by 
the Govcrnors of these several States, in insistil)ff 
that the c,rn-ne for which they are to be delivered 
up should be a crime within their own limits or 
not; but whichever is right, or whichever is wrong, 
it is a principle which has prevailed in this coun- 
try almost from thc beginning of the Government, 
and ought not to brought forward to-day for the 
purpose of acrgravntino the excitement now exist.- 
ino• in the slave States, to prove. that the people of 
thc free States are unwilling fait.hfully, to all in- 
tents and purposes, to abide by the 
and by all its compromises. 
another cause of is 
M r. President, 
X) on-rend ition of fugitives fro rn 
allecred to be the 
I the validit.y of thc clause in the 
service. 
Constitution which denies to any State the power 
to discharge a fa«ritive frorn service fron) the obli- 
adtnit that it is 
gution hc owes to his rnaster. 
the ConRfituGon which I 
one of the clauses of' 
have sworn to support, and I feel bound in con- 
science to ndmit the validity of this clause, as 
well as of every other clause in the Constitution. 
While do this, I tnust. say, in au kness and 
sincerity, that questions have arisen on the 
construction of this clat_l.so of thc Constitution. 
tbe action of the Govcrnment under it, Congress I about five hund+ed thousand in the State of Vir- 
does possess power tö legislate •for the renditioh ! 
of fugitive slavég. The Supreme Court of the 
United States on repeated occasions, and the su- 
preme courtS of Massachusetts, Ohio, and New 
York, composed, too, of Republican judges, have 
held that it belongs to Congress and not to thc 
States to legislate on this point. I understand, too, 
that by the clear declaration of the President elect, 
(Mr. Lincoln,) he is one among the number vv'ho 
admit that Congress possesses the power to legis- 
latc on' this subject. 'Hc said, in his speech at 
Alton, on the 16th of October, 18.58: 
[ suppose most of us (I know it of myself) believe that 
the •people of t.l:e southern States are entitled to a congres- 
sional fugitive slave law. As the right is constitutional, I 
aarcc that the legislation shall be grantcd to it, and that not 
that we like the institution of slavery. We profess to have 
no taste for running and catching negroes ; at least, I profess 
no taste for that job at all. Why, then, do I yield support 
to a fugitive slave law ? Because do not understand that 
the Constitution, which guaranties that right, can be sup- 
ported without it." 
Now, although, as I have stated frankly, in my 
own opinion it belongs to the States, and not to 
Congress, to legislate on this subject, still, I am 
bound to declarc with equal frankness that the 
President elect of the Umted has declared again 
and again that it belongs to Congress; and that 
Congress is bound to give an efficient fugitive 
slave law. In his own language: 
I would give them any legislation for the reclaiming of 
their fugitives which should not, in its stringency, be Illore 
likely to carry a freeman into slavery than our ordinary 
criminal laws arc to hana an innocent one." 
While, in my.iudxmcnt, reasoning as I do in favor 
ofa strictconstruction of the Constitution , I believe 
that it belongs to tbc States, and not to Congress, 
to legislate; still, I am compelled to admit that, 
outsidc of my own Statc, the judicial authority 
inia. At #800 apiece, they would amount to 
400,000,000. Now I ask what is the annnal loss 
of the State of V irginia upon $400,000,000 in the es- 
cape of fugitive slaves? "l'he Senator says $100,000, 
One hundred thousand dollars upon $400,000,000 
is but one fortieth Of one per cent. ; 
it is but. one 
fourth of n mill on a dollar, crowincr out of the 
peculiar risk which men who invest their prop- 
erty in slaves run in the State of Virginia; and 
that is one of the border States of this Conft•der- 
acy. Concede that this estimate of the Senator 
from Virginia is right, that the State of Virginia 
loses $100,000 every year: it is a loss, I repeat, of 
but one fourth of a mill on a dollar, and one for- 
ticth of one per cent. Every species of property 
has its own peculiar risks. If vou invest in land, 
in grain, in merchandise, in stocks—invest your 
property in what you will, it has peculiar risks of 
its own; and the loss on this property, which is 
subjected to a peculiar risk, growing out of thc fact 
that the person that is made the subject of prop- 
erty has a will and a disposition to run away, IS 
but one fourth of a mill on a dollar—less than the 
peculiar risk which is incurred on any other spe- 
cics of property in the United States. 
•Why, IV'Ir. President, suppose the slavehold- 
ers of Virgi nia were to form themselves into a 
mutual insurance cornpany, by which to insuro 
themselves acainst loss from the escape of their 
slaves: how slight, indeed, would be the amount 
paid upon that insurance! One fourth of a mill 
on a dollar ofthc slave. property of Virginia would 
sccure that property against all loss by runaway 
slaves. "I'llis peculiar spcc.ic.s of property whic.h is 
subjccted to so slighta risk has peculiar advan tages, 
too, under the Constitution of the United States. 
It is entitled to representation. That cannot be 
has been almost unanimous the other way; and said of any other property. Four hundred mil- 
such is thc opinion entertained by the Presidcnt 
lion of the property of Virginia is represented 
elect; I must say, however, that in my hun')hle in the other branch of this Congress; and for the 
opinion, reason is upon onc side, and the weight 
benefit of this representation, is it anything strancrc 
that those who own that in Virginia 
of precedent ar)d authority is upon the other. 
But, Mr. Prcsidcnt, what have been tbc facts ill 
relation to the execution of the fugitive slavc law? 
MT here has any slave t.hat has f' ver been taken into 
custody, and been brought before a commissioner . 
under the fugitive slave law—where has any such 
slave, with the exception of two or threc instances, 
ever been rescued or ever escaped? 
In own 
Statc a slave was arrcstcd under circumstances 
calculated to produce an immense degree of ex- 
citen')cnt in thc inimediatc locality. He was res- 
cued; and this fugitive slave law was put into 
execution against an individual who was charged 
Wilh beino• instrumental in his rescue 
I refer to I 
should bc subiacted to some peculiar additional 
the one fourth 
risk? TV hen that risk is so slityht 
'—they have right, on 
of n mill on the dollal 
that ground, to undertake to break up this Union, 
to destroy all its ad vantages, and plange the coun- 
try into civil war. 
I ask, what wilt •vou gain by brea king the bond 
of the Union? I ( , under this bond, which now 
cornpels us to surrender your fug:itives, you incur 
the risk of but one fourth of a rhill on a dollar in 
the border States, how much risk will vou incur if 
you break the bond, and arc no longer held to 
surrender your fugitives? Bring down the linc of 
the editor ofa newspaper in the city Of Milwau- Canada to Virginia, and then how much risk would 
He was brought bcforc the district court Of tbc slave property of Virginia have to pay to secure 
the United States, and convicted and sentenced; 
themselves against loss by escape? Would one 
and he is in prison That is the only case i pcr cent. , five per cent. , ay, sir, would ten per 
that cvcr occurred in Wisconsin. 
How has the cent. secure you against the loss from the escape 
in Illinois, in Ohio, in Indiana, and 
fact been 
an y where in the Unit,rd States, in reference to 
any person who has actually escaloc-d as a fugi- 
tive and been claimed under this law? 
Bnt «rontlernen say that fugitive.* sometimes 
cscapc, without ever beinc arrested. That is • 
very true indeed; so they do; but that is not the 
fault of the law. That grows out of' the fact that 
you own a species of property which has a will 
and legs of its own, and which desires so:nelimcs 
to escapc to That is your misfortune, 
It' you invest your nioney in a species 
not ours. 
of properly which hus a will and power of its own 
to escape wc are not reponsible for that. W c 
For 111 yseif, believino• as I do that the Constitu- 
tion of the United States should bc strictly con- 
strucd, if it were left for I should decide that 
it did not belon'Y to Congress to legislate at all on 
this subject; that it beloneed to tho States, and 
only to the States; and that it wouid bp the duty 
of the States, if it were 
left to them, and to then) 
to 'nake provision by law faithfully to carry 
alone, 
ir)to this clause of the Constitution. 
same opinion was expressed by Mr. Webster, and 
by Mr. Rhptt, of South Carolina, when inembcrs 
are not made insurers of your slave property, 
anainst its runnino away. We are only required 
to surrender persons held in your service when 
you claim them. 
But, Mr. President, I desire to look at this in 
another point of view. The Senator from Vir- , 
crinia, [Mr. MASON,] the other day, told us t.hat it 
was estimated in 1850, that at least $100,000 every 
year of property in nea•ro slaves was lost from 
the Slate of Virginia; atld he believes that the 
of your slaves ? 
Mr. President, let the bond of this Union be 
broken , and the nol'l-slaveholdin« States no longer 
compelled by the Constitution to surrender these 
fu=itives, and slave property would of necessity 
reiire ft•on) the border. 
I assure crentlemen on 
the other side of the Chamber that those men 
who are regarded as the Abolitionists in this 
country; those men who have denounced the 
Constitution as being a covenant with hell, be- 
cause we were bound to return these fugitives to 
slavery, stand looking on to-day witli an anxiety 
and intensity of interest which you cannot con- 
ceive. Their prayers (YO up, day and night, that 
this Union luay be broken— 
that the free States 
of thc North Inay no longer be compelled by the 
l)ond of Union to surrender your fugitive slaves. 
They know what tbc effect would be; and they 
desire the dissolution of the Union, to produce 
just that effect in all the border States. Now, by 
the statement of the gentleman from Virginia, the 
loss whicll is subn)itted to by that State—and it is 
a border State—is but onc fourth of a mill on a 
dollar. Break the bond of the Union, and no ten 
of this IJ)dv•, the same opillion was expressed by same is true now, that the annual loss of Virginia 
a majority of the judges of the supretne court of by tlle escapo of slaves is $100,000. Concede it, 
-Wisconsin. At F he same time, I admit, with equal for tho sake of n) y arc-rumen t. W h', ' is the 
value of tho proportv in slaves iti Virginia, or 
concenhnent •whatever 
frank nosg 
what was it before this recent panic? On an 
on tlBig question, that the majority of' the peo- 
all sections and of'.all ! average thev were worth fi•om five hundred to 
[he United Stag-s, 
i per cent. upon the fall value of the slave property 
of Virginia wm.tld secure thorn aoainst loss tne 
cscape of fugitive s,nves. 
So, too, Mr. resident, these very Abolitionists 
whose declarations have so often benn under- 
identified 
I taken by our political enemies to be 
partics to-day, outside of the State where I reside, f one thousand dollars apiece, as I am told by with the doctrine and purposes of the Republican 
admit that by this clause of the Constitution and gentlemen; perhaps, half that now. There are [ party, stand in anxious suspense, hoping and 
