1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL 
praying that the bond •of this Union may be 
broken; and for another reason: they know that 
the time will come,- in the progress of pop- 
ulation—and the time is cornmg with as much 
vertainty us the revolutions of the earth—that the 
slave population in some of these States shall 
become so preponderating in numbers and phys- 
ical power that it can no longer be held in sub- 
jection to their masters—that by the bond of the 
Union under which we live the arm of the Fed- 
eral Government may be called in to put down 
insurrection; and it IS because they believe that, 
if this bond were broken, the strong arm of the 
Federal Government could no longer be brought 
in to hold the peace and security of those States, 
that they desire that it should be broken. 
They desire it upon two grounds: first, to com- 
pél the slaves to be withdrawn from the border 
States by easy and constant escapes, and by re- 
moval into the southern slave States; and ••.vhcn 
the whole mass of negro slaves shall be collect- 
ed together in great numbers in those States; 
and •when the bond of Union shall be broken, 
and the Federal Governme.nt can no longer be 
brought in to put down insurrection, they then 
hope to see immediate emancipation in the stave 
States with all the consequences wiiich would fol- 
low. They are as anxious for the dissolution of 
the Union as many of the extremists upon the 
Gulf of Mexico. And, Mr. President, while I can- 
not believe that those residing in the Gulf States 
desire to accomplish any such purpose, I cannot 
for my life sce, and I do not know, what course 
they could pursue which would be any more likely 
to bring about that result than to break up this 
Union of States, and to overturn this Constitu- 
placed, by a conflict between these two Govern- 
ments, in a position where he must of necéssity 
be guilty of treason ü the one or the other, and 
therefore be bound to be hung any way? 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir; he for 
if the State declares that to be treason which by 
thc Constitution of the United States is void, as 
I being in conflict with it, it is no treason; for the 
Constitution of the United States is -the funda- 
mental law of your State, and any act or declara- 
tion making it treason to do an act which is in 
conflict with the Constitution of the United States, 
cannot be made -treason by the State, althmph 
they may declare it so. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. If they declare it so, and 
hang the citizen because theydeolareitso», I should 
I like to know what advantage it would bc to him 
that in theory the decision was wroncy? 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The citizen must judge 
at his peril. 
If a law is enacted by Congress 
which IS within the Constitution of the United 
States, the citizen will judge at his peril; and if 
he undertakes to break up the Government of 
the United States, and to be guilty of treason 
against the Government of the United States, any 
act which the State may declare in conflict with 
it is simply unconstitutional, null, and void. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. The proposition 1 put to 
the Senator is this: as a practical proposition, if 
the citizen of a State is, by the action of' his State, 
which he cannot control, commanded to do u cer- 
tain thing under the penalty of being hange.d un- 
der the law of the State; and if that thing is treason 
under the Constitution and laws of the United 
States, is it possible, under the law of nations, 
and under the common sentiments of humanity 
that govern mankind, for the Federal Government 
lion. 
to undertake to act upon the individual who is 
Sir, it was in view of this that our present min- 
istcr to France, in speaking of the institution of placed under duress to commit treason, instead of 
slavery in the Legislature of Virginia, declared 
that it had a magnitude of desolating power 
cnmpared with which, if the Federal Union should 
be broken, the pestilence that walketh in dark- 
ness and the destruction that wasteth at noonday 
This declaration was madc 
Would be a blessing.' 
si*ortly after the Southampton insurrection, by 
which all Virginia was startled, in her Legislature 
not long after that insurrection occurred. Then 
it was that he said that if the bond of the Federal 
Union should be broken, the institution of slavery 
•would have such a magnitude of desolating power. 
tell you, Mr. President, that these Abolitionists 
+ the Garrison school of the North arö to-day 
as anxious to break up the Union as the men in 
the extreme cotton States, or in South Carolina. 
Mr. President, there is one other subject-rnat- 
.tcr upon which I desire to detain the Senate a 
short time, and I shall have done. The Consti- 
tution of the United States adopted by the original 
t.hirteen States, and which has become the Consti- 
tution of other States as admitted into thc Union, 
is, so far as it speaks in delegating power to this 
overnment, the supreme law of the land, any- 
ing in anv State law or constitution to the con- 
In all other matters per- 
•ary notwithstanding. 
fect independence and sovereignty are reserved to 
the several States. Every citizen of the United 
States, therefore, owes a double allegiance; one 
to this Federal Government, and another to the 
State in which he lives. He may be guilty of 
first relieving him from tbat duress by making 
war upon the State ? 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If one of the citizens of 
Wisconsin (and, sir, I am sorry to be compcllcd 
to state that such things have occurred in son)e 
. of the southern States) is talon by a mob and 
hangcd, what remedy has he ? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am not speakingof mobs; 
I am speaking of constituted governments. If 
the government of a State undertakes to hang a 
citizen for refusing to obey certain orders, and if 
the Government of the United States, acting, as 
it says, upon the individual, and not upon the 
State, hangs him if he does obey it, I ask if that 
is a position to which the gentleman supposes the 
fathers consented that a citizen should bc placed 
in when the Constitution was framed? 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the man is to be hung 
if he does the act and to be hung if hc does not, 
undoubtedly, BO far as he is concerned, it will 
[laughter;] but, as n 
make no 'Treat diffcrcnce, 
question of law, if he does an act which is treason 
against the United States, and is compelled to do 
thal act by a law of the State, thc State law is 
void, because it is in conflict with the Constitu- 
tion of the United States. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then would the hanging 
be void? [Laughter.] 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The would be a 
certainty, [laughter;] it would not be void for un- 
certainty. I say, Mr. President, that where the 
treason against either; he, may be guilty of treason Constitution of the United States speaks in lan- 
guage clear enough to delccrate power to this GOV- 
but within their spheres each gov- 
against both ; 
ernment, it is not in tbc power of one, ten, one 
If Congros.s 
ernment is sovereign and supreme.. 
steps beyond the powers delegated by the Con- II hundred, or all the citizens of a State, any more 
stitution, to enact any law, it is absolutely void. than it is in the power of a mob led on by Judge 
If the State should step beyond the Constitution I Lynch, to annui that act of Congress; because the 
of the United States, which limits the power of Constitution and the acts in pursuance of it are 
the States to enact a law in conflict with it, it is II the supreme law of that State, and binding on 
every citizen and upon all the citizens in that 
simply unconstitutional, null and void. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. i should like just at this I State, and every citizen must, of course, act at his 
point to ask a question of the Senator from Wis- peril. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. not the Sen- 
consin, if I do not disturb the course of his arcru- 
I ator further in the course of his argument, but I 
If he prefers going on I will not ask it. 
ment. 
will take occasion to answer him I get the i 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 have no objection. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand the Senator floor in In y turn. 
to say that every citizen of the United States owes Mr. DOOLITTLE. If this doctrine is true, 
that a State, by its own mere motion, without the 
a double allegiance; one to the Federal Govern- 
ment, the other to his State; and that he may be consent of the other States, can assemble in con- 
guilty of treason to either, or to both. Am I vention, by mass meetings of its citizens or other- 
wise, and i).y resolution dissolve its conncction 
corroct in that ? 
with the Federal Government, absolve its citi- 
follow. If one State can 
I- suppose the: Senatoy 
deny that all*the Yestun--éeeede'fkorn 
of necessity, that gives to-thio 
power to expel a State. Iri+ht' 
Involves the right of expulsidli•. 
further— 
BENJAMIN. 
answer? 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. may. 
course of m: arcument. 
Mr. BENYJAüIN. I thought you were +dit• 
in«» for an answer. 
DOOLITTLE. No, sir, 
my notes. 
Mr. President, how would th-i& doctrine (ipéi•a-te 
in tim.. of war? In thc war of 1812, with Gi•eat 
Britain, some of the New England States, it' is 
Said, were rather disaffected toward the Gdvé+n- 
ment Of the United some of their Citi: 
zens met in convention at At Such 
moment, when actually at warwi_th Gieat 
if the doctrine ot' the gentleman iS correct that 
secession is a constitutional -i'iÉli:ts that thé Citi" 
zcns .0f aState can resolve themselves' in or •out 
at their the people of MaSsachuseits 
could have resolved themselves out-of the Union, 
and gone over to the enemy, without treason. 
Our fortresses in Boston harbcn•, built with our 
money, manned with our soldiers, and mounted 
with our guns, might, by a resolution passed by a 
Massachusetts convention, have been withdrawn 
from our jurisdiction, and surrendered to the 
enemy—ay, our own guns turned upon us. •Thüt 
would indeed be constitutional secession with a 
vengeance! 
Again: the doctrine that each State- may con'- 
stitutionally secede, and become to all the rest 
foreign Power, would open the Unitéd SiateS to 
become the theater of all tho intriguoa of foreigh 
Powers, like the petty principalities upon th•e 
ropean continent. " No State can enter into any 
treaty, alliance,- or confederation," nor 
i n to any agreemen t com pact-with' an other State; 
or with a iör•eign Power; " is the express language 
of the Constitution ; mid any such alliance or com- 
pact on the part of the State would be null and 
void, and, on the •part of any foreign Power, •an 
act of war. 
But again, sir, take it, in time of peace; apply 
your doctrine to Pennsylvania and New Jersey; 
that they, by a simple resolution of their people, 
can withdraw from the United States of America. 
Why, sir, they would cut off all your great mail 
routes North, and you could•notgo by land from 
Virginia to New York without going through a 
foreign country. So, too, with Illinois. If this 
doctrinc is correct, a mere resolution of the citi- 
zens of Illinois can make that a foreign Ståte, and 
cut off. entirely the Northwest from communica- 
tion with the East by land; and we. must ask 
leave of Illinois to go to New York,• or to New 
England, to Ohio or to Indiana, unless we go down 
around through the States of Missouri and KenL 
tucky; and you propose to make that foreign 
jurisdietiön also. Where does this Absurd doctrine 
end ? 
But go a little further. Tale the Ståtc of Flor- 
ida, a tittle State down on the Gulf, with about 
fifty thousand white inhabitants, almost as many 
as there arc in some counties in the State in which 
i live. Look at Florida. We purchased this 
peninsula, and gave $5,000,000 for it. W hut for? 
To get rid ofa foreign jurisdiction over it; to get 
rid of Spain; to get also possession of the keys; 
and to protect an entrance for our commerce into 
to take away the Seminoles. ' Now these fifty 
thousand people whom the good citizens of these 
United States under their laws have permitted 
to settle there, and with hardly half population 
enough for a Representative to be admitted as one 
of the States of this Union in fuli fellowship— 
Florida, for whom we have expended so much 
blood and treasure, the most favored, petted.,_ 
weakest littlc sister, puts on great airs now, and 
assumes that by a mere resolution of her people 
gathering together in convention, she can resolve 
herself out of the jurisdiction of the United States, 
take all our fortresses, upon Which, as •pgu•t of 
our great national defenses, we-have spent>hun- 
Yes, 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then wish to ask the zens from their allegiance, and put end to dt•edsof thousands, seize our own guns, and- turn 
the supremacy of the Constitution and laws of them against as, to cniörce her doctrine of consti• 
under that form of government, a citizon can be the United States, Several other conscquenecs will 
tutional) peaceable secession. 
