200 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 27, 
How is it with Louisiana, the State which the Texas, this Government, under free,soil rule 
during the days of Mr. Filhnore, disputed the 
honorable Senator himself represents? The Gov- 
ernmentofthe United States, upon wise principles I title which they had three times asserted and main- 
of great national policy, purchased of the First 
Consul of France the rrerritory of Louisiana, at 
an expense of And for what? To 
obtain exclusive possession of the great valley of 
the Mississippi, and above all things to take the 
mouth of that river, through which its commerce 
discharges itself upon the high seas, away from 
the control of a foreign Power. Does that Sen- 
attor contend here that the people of his State, to 
whom the Federal Government has granted its 
lands, and has permitted to bc organized and ad- 
mitted as onc of the great family of States, in a 
moment of disaffection or excitement, by a mere 
resolution ofa convention of her citizens, can re- 
solve themselves outside of this Union; absolve 
themselves from their allegiance, and bccon')c to 
us a foreign Power, and take with ber tho con- 
1 tell 
trol of the mouth of the Mississippi? 
you, sir, and I tell the Senator from Louisiana, 
that if any such doctrinc had been understood 
when Louisiana was admitted into thc Union, shc 
I tcll you, sir, 
would never have bccn admitted. 
that with any such doctrinc as this, her people 
would not have been permitted to take possession, 
and to cultivate the swunps of Louisiana. Louis- 
iana would have been held as a r I'crritory now. 
T hc people of this country will not consent that 
she shall becomc a foreign Power, and hold tbc 
mouth of' that river, which floats their commerce 
to the Gulf. They will consent that the 
a foreityn 
mouth of that river shall pass under 
jurisdiction, come what may. 
How has it been Wilh the State of Texas? The 
Federal Government admitted Texas as one ()t• 
the States into this Union at tiyne when she had 
lilany debts outstanding, 
a sparse population, 
with broken credit, and an pty treasu ry. Her 
independcncc had bccn ae.knowlcdgcd, it • 
by Enffland, France, and Belffium, but she was 
still in a feeble condition. We took hcr as onc of 
I-ler annexation was 
the States into this Union. 
followed by thc Mexican war, by which Mexico 
undertook to subj e.tgate her to her dominion. 
cost us forty thousand lives to her against 
Mexico; it cost us near ahundred million dollars; 
and now, when we have nonde her a great State 
built her fortifications, paid oil' her debts, when 
wc have raised her up by a friendly hand (o the 
position shc now holds, which will rnake her, in 
the end, greater than any southern 
than Georgia herself, thus far regarded as thc 
empire State of the South—is it possible that now, 
in a moment of passion, " when madness rules 
the hoar, " the people of rrexns can resolve them- 
selves out of the Union and become to us a 
forei'.rn Power ? 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 ask the Senator to 
make un explanation. 
The. PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER 
in the Does the Senator from Wisconsin 
yield to tho Senator frotil r.rexas? 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 shall through in a 
very few moments, then the Senator can rnake 
his remarks. 
Mr. WIGFALL. rather they would 
go in your speech, so that the public would sec 
them both together. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 do not know that 1 shall 
pul)lish my speech. 
Mr. WIGFALL. The Senator is mistaken in 
supposing that Ibis Governmcnt paid tho debts of 
Texas. He is utterly mistaken in supposing that 
they have ever confin•red any benefit upon the 
people of that State by annexation. By the terms 
of annexation they wore to defend that border, 
and that people have been left to (lcfihld them- 
selves fron-l the Lillie Lhat tlney came into this Union 
up to the present litne. 'Ill-tere has been u consti'l]t 
war with American Indians. They have built no 
forts that they agreed to do. T herc is a fort that is 
in the process of construction at Galveston. Fl'hc 
Secretary of War ordered some guns to be sent 
there the other day, and a free-soil abolition mob 
tained, for. which they went to war, and swindled 
us out of thirty thousand square miles, which now 
compose a part o? Kansas and Nebraska. This is 
the faith that this Government has kept with 
Texas; and, as I said the other day, if we have 
been bought and paid for, I trust that Senator will 
come down, under the fugitive slave clause, to get 
his pro Qrty. We are going out. 
Mr. BOOLITTLE. 1 have to the 
Senator going out. All we claim is that. the State 
shall remain. 
Mr. WIGFALL. The State will go out. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 shall not now go into a 
detailed statement of the tunount of Federal ex; 
penditures paid on account of 'I'exas over and 
abovc tbc war cxpcnses. Ten million was given 
for her surrender of what she claimed in New 
Mexico. But that is not essential to my argu- 
ment. As to the matter of publishing my speech, 
I do not expect to publish it in pamphlet form, 
If the Senator on the othc.r side desires 
to publish his, i would be very much obliged to 
him if he will publish mine too, and let it go along 
with his to his constituents. 
1 should 
Mr. WIGFALL. Thank you, sir. 
suppose that the facts were material to your arcru- 
merit. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A word, Mr. President, 
in relation to this doctrine as applicablc to Cali- 
fovnia. I believe the bonds are still out which 
•„ve crave to Mexico, upon the purchase of Califor- 
Ilia, by the treaty of peace. Do you upposc that 
w I'len tbc fortresses at San Francisco, and other 
defenses of the State, are all completed, and X.ve get 
ou•r railroad built across to California, that may 
cost us a hundred million more, California, by a 
sirnp!e resolution of hcr inhabitants, can with- 
draw from tho U Ilion without our consent, a 
take harbors and our fortresses and our great 
national railway into a forei«rn jurisdiction ? 
Illow was it in relation to the Island of Cuba? 
Two years agb all the Senators on the other side 
of the Chamber were pressing upon the Govern- 
ment of the United States the purchase of that 
island, for which they wore willing to pay the surn 
Suppose we had paid the rnoney, 
taken possession of the islarl(l, and entered the 
lorig-coveted Moro Castle, mounted upon it our 
best guns, and completed all its harbor defenses, 
impregnable as Gibraltar: could Ibe people of that 
island then resolve themselves out of the Union, 
take possession of our forts, and destroy our 
commerce by the very means we have bou.o•ht or 
built to protectand defend it? Upon what ground 
did they press upon us the purchase of Cuba? 
To conirnand tho outlet of the Mississippi valley, 
and to control the commerce of tbc Gulf'. Such 
orcat national considerations as those were ur«ed 
by gentlemen upon that side of the Chamber. 
But what wroul(l it all be what is our 
whole Government worth ? what is Alnerican cili- 
zenship? what is American greatness? what is 
American nationality? what does it all mean? Is 
it all a farce and a delusion, and has it been from 
the heginning? 
Mr. President, gentlemen sometimes complain 
that the Republican party in its policy is disposed 
to do injustice to the citizens of the South, and 
especially.to what they call their social institution 
of slavery. What has been the 
history of this 
Government? Since the adoption of the present 
Constitution, we have acquired Florida, Louis- 
iana, Texas, and the Territories froin Mexico. 
We surrendered a part of Maine. We have 'riven 
up our claim to a large portion of Oregon. The 
E same party and canvass which brought 'Texas 
i gave up 5110 40', and came down 10 490, giving up 
on the north Vancouver island, and ilånost six 
as the kingdom of France ? MT e havo surrendered 
to your social institution in Texas alone more 
than your fuli share of all the territories acquired 
from Mexico, when you compare the number of 
those persons who are employed under your sys- 
tem of labor x.vith the free white laboring popula- 
tion of all the United States. When you speak 
of injustice it is imaginary, not real. You have 
had your full share, and more than your share, of 
all the Territories that we have acquired from the 
beginning to this hour, since the adoption of the 
present Constitution. 
Most of you say that New Mexico is entirely 
unfitted for slave labor. Why then make this 
struggle? The repeal of the Missouri compro- 
nusc, and thc struggle t.o wrest that Territory 
from free labor, and to force slavery upon it, to 
which it is not adapted, has brought upon us all 
this agitation and trouble. Why attempt to do 
the samc in New Mexico? 
Mr. President, I am tired of hearing gentlemen 
complain of the injustice done to this institution 
by our territorial There is no founda- 
tion for it in our history—none whatever, it seems 
to me. In proportion to the number of persons 
held in your system of labor you have had alto- 
in comparison 
gether Inore than your full share, 
with the free white laborincy population of the 
United States; and you now claim further, not 
only rnorc than your share, upon a fair division, 
bat you claim what the Constitution of the United 
Statcs does not give at all—the rigl'lt to go into 
these territories acquired from Mexico, and to 
cu rry your slaves there, in violation ofthe Mexican 
It has been my purpose to 
lav.' acrainst it. 
that the Constitution of the United States, even 
under thc Dred Scott decision, does no such thing , 
that there is nothing in that decision to show that 
the lavv of Mexico, existing when we acquired the 
territory, is not still tho law of that terrif.m•y 
that there, is nothing in that decision which afiirxns 
that the Constitution of the United States repeals 
or abrogates it; and when the slaveholder claims 
the right to take his slaves therc under the Con- 
stitution, hc claims aright which the Constitu- 
lion does not give. There is, therefore, no founda- 
tion for this char(re which we so often hear, that 
we t.leny the equality of the States or the equality 
of their citizens in those Territories. What do 
deny to you that we do not (_lonv ourselves ? 
*inele right in New -IN-lexico have vv•e that 
you have not got there also? You say that this 
doctriné excludes your social institution; it 
excludes our banking institutions; it excludes 
our manufacturincr corporations. Your socitll 
plantation system is but a kind of close corpora- 
lion existing under the laws of your Slates, per- 
milted or established hy the local law. We deny 
you no right which we do not den v ourselves. 
We give you every right and every privileo•e 
which we •ivo ourselves. 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator to 
(rive a little illustration? 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 say to the Senatoi. 
from Missouri that I am very nearly through al 
will hear the 
the remarks I intended to make. 
Senator after I have done. 
Mr. President, the Senator from Oregon [Mr. 
LANE] seemed to complain on this subjcct with 
great ft•eling, that the Republican party were de- 
n Ying the equality of the States in the Territories 
of the Union, purchased with common blood and 
common treasure. Now, sir, I stand hore to say 
that if the Constitution of the United States gives 
to the slaveholder the right to carry slaves as 
property into the Territory, it follows, of neces- 
sity, that he has a right to have his property pro- 
I wili not admit a right, and at the 
E tected there. 
sanoe. time deny the rezuedy. will not admit 
that he has a constitutional to take and hold 
his slaves there, and at the san-ie tirne say that 
degrees of latitude. W c purchased the Louisiana t tbcy may be law full v taken from him. That 
Territory, and nearly two thirds of all the good a thing may be lawfuily driven from a place when 
lands in that I'erritory have been (riven n p to the it has a lawful rio•ht to stay," I could never recon- 
cilc in logic or in morals. But I deny tho right 
I social institution of the South. 'l'hc annexation 
altoeether, in the Mexican territories, undcr the 
of Texas, the war with Mexico, and the acqui- 
in Pittsburg interposed and committed an act of sition of those territories from Mexico, including i Constitution, us construed by the Dred Scott case 
. 'I'hcre is no such right established bv it. 
treason by levyincr war against the Unh.ed States; rrexas, may be regarded as but one transaction, 
{'or they all followed close upon each other. Now, ! I He complained of what I had announced in 
nothing is said about Ihat. They have 
letter to Milwaukee, tl.at " the free territories ac- 
in all fairness and candor, 
p:ud the debts of Texas; but after having, by i I ask you, gentlemen, 
to say, of all those Territories that we acquired quired, or to be acquired, from B']exico or Great 
treat v stipulation, by the action of the legislative 
of this Government, by the ucti01'1 of i i from Mexico, whether, by surrenderino• up the I l)ritain should remain free." Well, sir, I main- 
whole of Texas to your social institut.ion, we tain that such is the law of the acquisition of ter- 
the executive departmcnt of this Government, 
recoo•nized the Rio G-rande as the boundary of have not surrendered up to you an empirc as big ritory undcr the Constitution, and that is but. just. 
