1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
When we acquire free territory, it is asking too 
much of us.to convert it into slave territory. It 
is impossible,' I say, that we can have peace on 
the slavery question on any such constitutional 
doctrine as that, You must consent to allow free 
Territories to remain free. We stand pledged not 
to interrere, directly or indirectly, with your insti- 
tutions in the States where they exist. Upon 
these grounds we can have peace—permanent, 
perpetual peace. Sir, that is peace; and I repeat 
what I declared the other day, that non-interfer- 
ence by the General Government or by free-State 
men acainst slavery in the States, and non-inter- 
ference by the Generul Government or by slave- 
holders against freedom in the Territories, is 
pcacc. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Ido not desire to address 
the Senate now on this question, because I under- 
stand that we shall havc it soon before us requir- 
ing practical decision. W c shall have the direct 
and positive issue placed before us in the course 
ofa day or two. it is known to the Senate, and 
to the country at large, that onc of the States of 
this Union has withdrawn from the Union, and 
declared her independence; and, although that fact 
has not yet been ofhcially communicated to us, 
it is also known to the public that the State of 
South Carolina, as an independent nation, has sent 
Government, and known by it only when it wants 
tribute? Whenever you choose to tax, you tax 
our southern labor, sometimes, we. think, more 
exccssively than we tax your own; but certainly 
you claim _to be taxed equally. You tax,our prop- 
erty. Bearing all the burdens of the GoVét•nment, 
we feel your power; but when the obligation be- 
comes reciprocal, and we demand protection, then 
you say " no; you own a kind of property which 
we outla'•.v•, which this Federal Government, this 
central Government, the agent of all the States, 
will never reco€ynize." Such, sir, was the temper- 
of the speech which we heard this morning. I 
have no hope, mo expectation, of changing the 
judgment of Senators on the other side, and very 
little hope of ever reaching their constituents; 
but there are some stubborn facts in histOry which 
it were well enough their constituents should 
come to learn. After a seven years' war, which 
resulted in the recognition of our independence 
by the mother country, a treaty was entered into. 
The seventh section of that tycaty—l mean the 
treaty of independence—isin the following words. 
I will ask my friend to read it for me, as I cannot 
see very well in this light. 
Mr. GREEN fead, as follows: 
All prisoners on both 
ART. 7." 
sides shall be set at liberty, and his Britannic Majesty 
diplomatic messengers to us for the purpose Of I shall, with all convenient speed, and without causing any 
destruction, or carrying away any negroes or other prop- 
treating with this Govefnmcnt; and as that ques- 
tion must necessarily be presented before us on 
Monday, when we meet again, and as the issue 
will be plainly and distinctly brought before us, 
whether we will recognize that' independence, or 
intend to war against the State, I desire to 
speak to that direct issue when it comes up on 
Monday. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Move an adjournment. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will inove an adjourn- 
ment. 
Mr. GREEN. Not yet; let us pass this bill: 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the motion 
to adjourn withdrawn? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 merely desired to take 
the floor for Monday. 
Mr. BROWN. I have no disposition to inter- 
fere vich the Senator in his speech. 
he PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
fr m Mississippi is entitled to the floor, if he 
aims it now. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, it seems to me 
that northern Senators most pertinaciously over- 
look the main point at issue betwpeen thc two sec- 
tions of our Confederacy. We claim that there 
is property in slaves, and they deny it. Until we 
shall settle, upon some basis, that point of con- 
troversy, it is idle to talk of going any further. 
The southern people have locked 
up in this kind of property. I do not mean to 
say that their slaves are worth so much; l)ut their 
real property, their stock, their household goods, 
and all that. belongs to them, are dependeni upon 
the security of that kind of property. 
During the first forty years of our national ex- 
istence, I undertake to affrm that no man, North 
pretended to deny the great fact that 
or South, 
there was such a thing as property in slaves. 
About 1818, 1819, 1820, this doctrine of refusing 
to recognize the right of property in slaves sprai'lg 
up. It has continued to intensify from that day 
to this, until we find ourselves in our present con- 
dition. Now, I ask Senators on the other side 
if, looking at this thing calmly, tbcy can for an 
instant suppose that, under any possible con- 
ceivable state of the case, we can voluntarily con- 
sent to live under a Government passing into the 
hands of a power, on the 4th of March, which 
openly and undisguisedly tells us that all this vast 
interest is to be outlawed under the common Gov- 
crnment; that the $4,000,000,000 invested in this 
propertv, the accumulation of centuries of hard 
labor, muscular and physical labor, is oincr to be 
volan tarily abandoned—a bandoned, mean, so 
far as the'-action of this Federal Government is 
concerned; and that we, the inhabitants of fifteen 
States of this Union, will consent to live under a 
Governinent outlawed by its authority? That 
is the stern proposition which you submit to us. 
'l' hat is the proposition which xvc as sternly re- 
ject. Can we eve-n• consent to remain in a Gov- 
ernmcut, and know on! v through its taxino• 
pourer? Do rational rnen of the North suppose 
that nine million southern people can ever con- 
sent to live in •a Government outlawed by the 
erty of the American all his artnies, 
garrisons, and fleets frorn the said United States, and froin 
every port, place, and harbor, within the same." 
" Done at Paris, Novernber 30, 1782. 
" RICHARD OSWALD, L. s.] 
" JOHN ADAMS, 
B. FRANKLIN, 
JOHN JAY, 
HENRY LAURENS. [L. 
Mr. BROWN. 1 desire to call the attention, 
not of northern Senators—because they are fa- 
miliar with it—but of the northern• people, to the 
fact, that the very treaty which made us an inde- 
pendentpeople, Signed by John Adams, Benjamin 
Franklin, and John Jay, spoke of " negroes and 
other property:" thus, in the very beginning of 
our existence as a nation, recognizing the factfor 
which we contend to-day, that there was such a 
If gentlemen are 
thing as property in negroes. 
ready to go back and live by the treaty which 
made us onc people, which made us an independ- 
ent people, we shall again have laid the founda- 
If John Adams, 
tion for a permanent peace. 
Benjamin Franklin , and John Jay, could recognize 
property in slaves, why cannot the Senators on 
the other side do the same thing now? 
'Ithis was not an acknowledgment extorted 
from Great Britain, but a voluntary admission on 
It was not even a demand upon the 
her part. 
part of the American commissioners who signed 
thc treaty of independence; but it was a univer- 
sally recoonized fact at that day, under which 
the Government lived for forty years, never dis- 
putcd up to 1820, then first denied, and to-day 
more pertinaciously denied than at any former 
period of our history. 
in the procress of events, we had 
well, sir, 
I will ask my 
another war with Great Britain. 
friend to read the first article of Ibis treaty—I mean 
the treaty of Ghent, 
Mr. GREEN read, as follows: 
Shall be restored with- 
" ART. 1." 
out, delay, and Without causina any destruction, or carry- 
ing away any of the, artillery, or other public property, ori- 
ginally captured in the said forts or places, and which shall 
rcrnain therein upon the exchange of the ratifications of 
this treaty, or any slaves or other private property. 
Done in triplicate, at Ghent, December 24, 1814. 
" GAMBIER. 
COULP,URN, [L. s. 
" WILLIAM ADAMS, 
"JOHN QUINCY ADAMS, L. s.] 
"J. A. BAYARD, 
" H. CLAY, 
"JONA. RUSSELL, 
" ALBERT GALLATIN, 
Mr. BROWN. There 1 see the signatures of 
two most illustrious citizens of Massachusetts— 
the cldcr and the younger Adams—to these two 
treaties; the first being the treaty which made us 
a nation, the second beintr the treaty which set- 
tled w llat is qrenerally terrned the second war of 
I ask the gentlemen on {he other 
independence. 
side, I ask their constituents, to do what the elder 
Adams did; what was done by Benjamin Frank- 
lin and John Jay; what was done b' John Quincy 
Adams and Henry Clay, and the illustrious men 
and abroad during &he. first forty-:yeärs 
national existence •Do this;and• 
further controversy on.:this ésubject.,- 
Senators from-Massachusetts Avere imtlieii' plÄbeg 
to-day, I would ask. them pretend 
to be wiser, greater; better,! 
otic, than John Adams and J6hn QuiBdy•.Ad.ms? 
I show you that recognized -property in 
slaves; that in two treaties it was recognized. 
If' that be not suficient, -I have volumein my 
hand entitled The Law of Freedom and Bondage 
in -the United States, by John;• Codman- Hurd, 
counselor law, Boston; published Littlé, 
Brown Co., in 1848; and I beg to call attention 
Ato three ror four short extracts from•that volume. 
In 1698, Massachusetts passed— 
A law forbidding- to trade or truck with any Indian, 
molato, or. negro servantor s_lave, or other known disso- 
lute, lewd, and disorderly person) of whom.there _is just 
cauSe of -suspicion,' and such persons to be punished by 
whipping for so _trading." 
I will now read from a note on page 264: 
Between the years 1767 and 1773, several unsuccessful 
attempts were made to procure legislative acts againkbtbe 
slave trade, an Which is given by Dia. -Belknap, 
in his letter to Jude Tucker, vol. 4, Massachusetts;IüStOr- 
ical Society's 201." 
In 171-4, we find t.he following iaw: 
An act prohibiting tbe importation or bringiimgint-o this 
province any Indian servant or slaves.=Proo. L.. c. 41. 
Whereas divers conspiracies, outrages, barbarities, 
murders, burglaries, thefts, and other notorious crimes and 
enorrnit.ics, at sundry tilnes of late been perpetrated 
and committed by (ndian and other slaves within several 
of hcr Majesty's Plantations in America, being ofa mali- 
cious, surly, and revengeful spirit, and very ungoverna- 
ble, &c." 
Again, in 1650: 
In this code, under the title Indians, the lawfulness of 
the slavery of both Indians and negroes recognized by 
the general court, adopting; in terms, a conclusion' of 
the commissioners ' of the' United Colö-nies ot• New Eng- 
land, dated September 5, 1646." 
Again: 
1643, May. A confederacy, to be known as the United 
Colonics of Now England, was entered into at Boston by 
délegates fro:n Plytuout.h, Connecticut, and New Haven, 
and the general court ot• Blassachusetts. (2 Hazard, 1-6.) 
Among the articles of aareement., the cighth is as follows." 
Without reading it all, I W'ill read the extraet 
to which I wish to call attention. This, recal- 
lect, sir, [Mr. FOSTER in the chair;] is a confed- 
eracy in your own country: 
It is also agreed that if any servant run away his 
master into any of these confederate jurisdictions, that in 
such casc, upon certificate of one rnagistratc in the juris- 
diction out of which the said servant fled,' or upon other 
due proof, the said servant shall be delivered either to his 
master or any other that pursues and brings such certificate 
or proof. 
I could go on from this volume and multiply 
I read these extracts, Mr. Presl- 
other proofs. 
dent—and I have marked a great number in this 
volume—to show that Massachusetts and all New 
England recognized the right of property in man; 
that you confederated' for the purpose- of having 
them rendered up when they escaped; and that, 
too, upon the certificate of a single magistrate. 
Are you wiser and better and purer than your an' 
ccstors? These. were the descendants of tho Pil- 
grim Fathers. Thcy seemed to recognize the law 
of meunu and tuu.m. They seemed to recognize 
the great füct that property stolen should be given 
back , and that, there being property in slaves, if it 
escaped it should be returned. All we ask of you 
is to live up to the faith of the Pilgrim Fathers; 
to do what your ancestors did; to do what tbc 
sia•ners of the treaty of independencc did; to do 
what the elder Adams, John Jay, and others 
did, when they signed thc first, treaty of inde- 
pendcnce; to do what John Quincy Adams and 
Henry Clay did, when they signed the second 
tteaty of Indepel)dcnce•, to admit, in other words, 
that all the wisdom of the world is not conccn- 
tratcd in New England now, as you seem to 
imagine, but that the men who went -beföre us 
knew something. Do that, and you will lay the 
foundation of a permanent and lastincy settle- 
ment. 
If you stand by the doctrine that to be 
outlawed in Our own country; -that over foue 
I billion of property is not to. be recognized as prop- 
that this Govörnmcnt is to bc kpown 
erty at all; 
to us only through the taxing power, and. {hat 
we are never to it by its• protective 
then, sir, there is but one of two alterna- 
power; 
tivcs to be chosen: either separate .iu peace, or 
who had the control of the Government at home I separate by force. You know„as well as I do, 
