202 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
December 27, 
that ifwc demanded of you that this Federal 
Government should no-t reco&nize your ships as 
property, or your manufactured goods as prop- 
erby, and should coolly and deliberately say to 
you: " You shall know us only through the taxing 
power, but never through the protective power," 
vou would not submit to it. 
-I- am not one of 
ihose who ever thought, or for an instant ever 
promulgated, the idea that you had not manhood 
enough to protect your rights. You have always 
done it. You will do it again. 
I hope you will 
not undertake to carry your acknowledged man- 
hood to the cxtcnt of depriving us of our rights. 
We are your equals; no more, no less. We 
shall prescribe to you no rule by which we would 
R•10t livc ourselves. 'I'hatjusticc which we demand 
we will give. Show me that in all these twenty 
years that I havc stood upon the floors of Con- 
gress I have voted for any measure which gavo 
to Massachusetts, to New England, or to any 
State of this Confederacy jess than justice, and 
will promptly crave your pardon. Can you ex- 
represcnting a 
pect me, your equal, your peer; 
State as sovereign as Massachusetts, to takc less 
than justice? rl'his Government must acknowl- 
edge its obligations to protect property every- 
where upon the high scas and upon the land. 
Whercveritlnay go upon tho vast waste of waters, 
or in whatever wilderness, you must recognize 
thc duty of lhe Government to pursue it with its 
navies and its armies, and then give it protection, 
or else this is no Governmcnt. 
You say you do not rccognize the right or the 
duty of Government cvcn here in this legiskativc 
Hall to protect. our property. You coolly tell us 
that slavery is not property, and tl'lat there is no 
law to protect it; that the Federal Government 
does Plot recosnize it pro at ail; and that 
whenever it gets beyond tbc ocal ju risdiction any 
power on earth can trespass upon it. 
It was not 
so when thc treaty of' peacc was signed; 
Great Britain, not l) y the Individual States, but by 
the confederat.e Stat.es, was mndc to acknowEedcre 
liability for 
a nd other prol)crt.'y. 
was not, so in 1814, in tho treaty signed by 
John Quincy Adams and I•lcnry C}lay, its I have 
shown you, where the British and A)nerican coni- 
missioners, cither side, again treated of slaves 
and other private property. 
.1t' the obligation of a foreign Government was 
thus to reco«nize this ns and 
to pay for it, if it picascs you to have it. how 
much jnore binding nil-1st, thc same obligation be, 
If twice, in 
resting upon the confederate States ? 
treating with the mistress of the world, the most 
nation known in modern times, this 
powerful 
Government has extorted an acknowledgment that 
slaves were property, how much do i ask of' you 
to-day , as co n fed e rate States, that you do tbc ? 
Make t.bo acknowledgnnent•, make it ill the spirit 
in which it was inade by John Adams and John 
Quincy Adams, by Benjamin Franklin, and John 
have laid the basis of a 
Jay, and you will 
inancnt and lastin" sett.lenu•nt. So lonc as you 
make the that this Governmcnt is not 
to reco(rnize property ill slaves, so I tell you 
there can be no peace. Standing in this trreat 
, and in [hc higher of Almighty 
sence 
God, L tell you to-day that if t.his be insistcd on 
the Union cannot last ninety days. 
Mp. President, this i IYioved an amend- 
ment to the bill now under consuleration, and I 
will ask the Secretary to read it. 
Ti'iC Secretary read the amendment, to insert as 
a now section of the bill the following: 
Jind bc it, further enacted, 'P hat the aet of the Legislative 
Assenjbly Gt' the "Ilerritory of New Mexico, approved Feb- 
ruary 3, 1859, entitled An act to provide. for the protec- 
tion of property in slaves in this 'l'erritory, 
be, and the 
saine is herebv, exteudcd to and declared in ibrce in the 
*rerritory ()t• Arizurna ; and it shall not be repealed dui ing 
the territorial existence of said 'I'erritorv. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, that Senate 
may underst.and, and that the country may un- 
derstand. precisely what kind of legislation it. is 
tainly. I, will not weary the Senate with hav- 
ing it read, if I may have general consent to send 
it to the reporter's desk and have it copied in the 
Congressional Globe. 
Several SENATORS. No objection to that'. 
Mr. BROVVN. It is pagc 64, chapter twenty- I 
SIX. 
Mr. CLARK. Read it. 
Mr. BROWN. I mean, of course, that the 
whole statute of New Mexico, on the subject of 
slavery, is to be copied into the official report, so 
that the country may understand precisely what 
it is, and what sort of laws I am proposing to ex- 
tend over the Territory of Arizuma. It is under- 
stood, I think, that the whole statute need not be 
read, but may bc copied in the report. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Let us hear it, if it is not 
long. 
Mr. SEWARD. Let us hear it, and see what 
it is. 
Mr. BROWN. Then, the Secretary can read 
the first chapter. I suppose that will be suflicient. 
The Secretary proceeded to read it, as follows: 
An act to provide for the protection of property in slaves 
in this Territory. 
it enacted by thc Legislative assembly Of the Tcrritory 
of New Mexico, 'That every person who shall be convicted ot• 
the unlawftll killing of a slave, or ocher offensc upon the 
person of a slavc within this 'itcrritory, whether as principal 
or accessory, shall sulTer the same pains and penalties as 
if the party upon whose person the offensc was committed 
had been a free whitc person. 
SEC. 2. Evcry person who shall steal any Slave with the 
intent that the owner, or any one having an interest in such 
slave, present or future, vested or contin"ent., or 
equitable, shall be deprived of the use or benefit of such 
slave, shall, upon conviction, suffer inlprisoument for a 
terni not tnore than ten nor less than four years, and be 
fined in a stun not rnore than $2 nor less than 
And every person who shall, by violence, seduction, or 
other Illcans, take and carry, or entice away any slave 
with the like intent, shall be (icemcd and held, for every 
purpose whatever, to have stolen such stave, within flie 
meaning of this act. And every person '.vho, knowingany 
slave to have been stolen as a(öresaid, shall aid, assist, or 
advise in or about the earryin" away ot• such slave, shall 
like penalties as are above prescribed against the 
sufl•er the 
person stealing such slave as atöresaid. 
SEC. 3. Every person shall carry or convey, or 
"'illfully assist ill carry ill" or con veyintv anv slave, t 
another, with the intent or for purpose or aid- 
inc or enabling such slavc to escape out of this y, 
or within this 'L'errltm•y, and beyond the, control or recov- 
cry of his owner or master, or who shall willtülly secrete or 
or Inastcr, shall, upon 
conceal such slave frorn his owner 
conviction thereof, suffer the smne penalties as are pre- 
scribed in the töregoing section o? this act. And in ariV in- 
dicunent preterred against any person tör the violat.ion of 
any of the provisions of this act, the property in the s]avc 
shall be well laid, it" charged to belong to any pcrson havtlig 
an interest in such slave, whether such interest be loual or 
equitable, present or future, joint or several, vested or con- 
tinrrent." 
Mr. BROWN. Senators do not desire to 
I accomplish all the purpose I 
that law read. 
have in view, as I said before, in having it printed. 
You hear thc Character of it. I am perfectly will- 
ing, however, to have it all read, if Senators wish 
it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER The further 
reading will be dispensed with unless sorne Sen- 
ator asks that it be read. 
Mr. BINGHAM. Let it be printed. 
Mr. CLARK. I desire to have it read unless 
it goes into the report so that we can see it. 
Mr. GREEN. will. 
Mr. CLARK. Let it go into the report so that 
we can see it, and then the reading n')ay be dis- 
pensed with. 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, 1 
up this bill, it was for the purpose of having it I 
It was not with a view of exciting any I 
passed. 
discussion whatever, or of introducing any of I 
these excitino• topics that divide one section from 
I really think that thc people of Ari- 
the other. 
zuma—for I havc accepted that fronl my I 
friend from xMississippL—ought to oruanized, 
and, at the same time that this bill passes. wc 
should provide also for the o:uranizatlon of Jef- 
fin•son 'I'en•itory, or Pike's Peak. 
I like 
to postpone t.hese political questions that excite 
cannot prevail upon my friend from Mississippi. 
He. proposes to introduce a proposition here, I 
think, (and I only guess at it,) for the purpose of 
testing the sincerity and loyalty of members to 
the principles of the Federal Constitution. In its 
practical effect, f do not think it amounts to any- 
thing.. If f am forced to vote, I shall vote for it. 
The same Senator introduced, at the last. ses- 
sion, a bill which was before the committee of 
which I am a member, proposing to protect slaves 
in the Territories. I reported it back, and asked 
to be dischar«ed from its further consideration; 
I neither re- 
and it is now upon the Calendar. 
ported adversely nor favorably; and the motives 
that influenced me then were these: I saw no pres- 
ent necessity for it; and my uniform rule of action 
has been never to irritate the passions or intro- 
duce. a question which would be likely to divide 
our friends, unless there is a necessity for it. 
knew the bill could not pass the House of Rep- 
resentativcs. It was an undetermined question m 
the Senate whether it would recognize the 1-»rin- 
ciple. The principle was involved and embraced 
in the resolut.ions of the Senator from Mississippi, 
[Mr. DAVIS.] They were pending before the Sen- 
I did not wish to precipitate action. I 
wished first to see whether the principle would 
be sustained ; and that principle WRS not sustained, 
and not voted for until near the close of the ses- 
sion. Then a majority of this Senate did sustain 
the principle. The House has never yet sustained 
it; nor do believe the House wili sustain it; and 
from all the evidence we have before us, it will 
not sustain this provision; yet I shall vote for it 
now, though, under other circumstances, when I 
expected practical legislation, and expected acon- 
tinuance of the Government, I would advise my 
friend to withdraw it. 
Under the circumstances, however, that sur- 
round me now, when a dark, deep gloom, that I 
cannot penetrate, hangs all around, will vote the 
truth, whether it results in good or not. Hence 
I shall vote it now; but lherc is no real neces- 
sit.y for it, except as a declaration of principle. 
'I"he bill, as it is now upon your (lesk with the 
tunendrnents which I proposed this morning, cives 
protection to all constitutional property. I want 
no more. •What is constitutional property? It 
is for the courts to decide; and witl be perfVH2.tly 
I have not only said that the. 
content with that. 
courts should have chancery and common law 
jurisdiction, but I have added the words, on n) y 
own motion, " and authority to redress all wronøs 
committed against the Constitution of the United 
States, or the laws of the United States, or the 
laws of thc Territory affecting persons or prop- 
What is property? My friend from Missis- 
sippi has madc an able aroument to provo that 
slaves are property. That argument would be 
good in tho Supremo Court orin the district court, 
or any other appropriate tribunal; but in this Sen- 
ate I do not deem it necessary to go into any such 
atffumerit. What is property? It is a judicial ques- 
It is determined and settled Gy the Consti- 
t.ution of the United States, by the treaties of the 
United States, by the laws of the United States; 
for it n) y friend bad taken the trouble to exan•ine 
it, he would find laws of t.l')e United States to this 
effect: when judgments aro obtained against de- 
linquent creditors, slaves may be levied upon and 
sold and bid in bvthc Federal Government. Slaves 
are just as liable to be sold under execution in 
behalf of the United Slates as any other property, 
arid it is made so by a positive statute of the United 
States. If that is not a full and complete recogni- 
tion by the Government and by the Congress of 
the United States, I do not know what would be 
a recocrnit.it)n. 
Mr. BROWN. If my friend will allow me, 
does he not knoyv that the dominant party which 
is to take possession of the Government on the 
4th of March does not recoo•nize the right of prop- 
the times. Give us territorial organization for ertv in slaves? If he does I'10t know t-liat, let, him 
let him 
proposed 'L'errit.ory, I will send to the Secretary 's 
. ask to have rea(l, 
the act referred to in 
It covers ten or fifteen 
amcndinent. 
if Senators do not care to hear it read, it 
pa (res. 
Cllhis volurne can scarcely be 
I choose, if the Senate Wii! in- 
found anywhere. 
dulgc me, to have it read, or, if they svil[ allow 
to do it, to have it inserted 
in tho report, so 
that it may be Inore extensively read. 
that I tun proposing to in forcc in this newly thcsc Territories. Let A.rizuma be orcranizcd, and look on the other side of the Chamber; 
look at the votes in the House of Rcpresenta.tivos 
let Pike's Peak be organized. There is an urgent 
necessity for it, owing to the discovery of gold and in this Senate during the last few days. 
rush of population there with- What. matters it if you not this recognition 
I i and silver and the 
he speaks of? The party in 10 
out law, except the voiuntary law that the v thenp 
selves adopt, und to son-lc extent enforce. These E power will have the riU11t to appoint judges for 
this nex.-v Territory. Mr. Lincoln Will ar.point the 
things rendct it necessary that we should throw 
any appoin ted 
them .into an organic form, and enable them to i judges, if there are ever 
protect tho people, which uronld superinducc rnoro • Will ho not sond judges thero L bat ao•reo with hinj, 
- prosperity than they at. pros-ent have; and yet I and \V'ho will say that thcsc laws are no laws at 
