1860. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
all; that there is nö such thing as the right of prop- 
erty in slaves, unless you express ib to 'him in such 
palpablc language as I proposed this morning? 
MI'. GREEN, I thought L was aiding, coöp- 
eratinry, and assisting the Senator in the reference 
that I made. 
1 thought I '.vas strengthening the 
I 
argument he had presented to the Senate. 
thought I was making a reference which he had 
overlooked, so as to confirm the assertion that 
hö -had made; but it turns out that -he construes 
it differently. I now say this, sir: an express 
declaration—if he be correct as to tho sentiment 
and the controlling principle that will operate with 
the dominant party, as he calls it—being put 
into the law, they will say it is null and void be- 
cause it is against the law of God and man, and 
will bc a perfect nullity. If that p_revailing senti- 
ment is to continue, let us distinctly understand 
If it is to be open to this extremity, we had 
it. 
better, as brethren, at once cease controversy, 
adjourn the Scnate and House of Representatives, 
dissolve this Government, and go home. I say, 
therefore, it is idle to talk about this question, so 
far as that is.concerned. 
But if we are trying to operate upon the public 
sentiment, and to appeal to the honest hearts of 
men and to induce them to reflect, to remember 
what their fathers have done, what their Consti- 
tution provides, what the law stipulates, what 
honorable good feeling would dictate—if these be 
the motives that actuate us, there is yet a last, 
lingering, perhaps forlorn, hope left. But if it be 
a determination or an existing resolution to push 
this doctrine to the extreme, we had better term- 
inate our session on the 1st day of January, and 
go home. I should prefer it; and then let the 
States act. Let the people of the States assemblc 
in convention, and see x.vhat is to be done in this 
emergency. I am sorry, however, when I 
trying to put through a business matter for the 
bencfit of a distant people, separated so far from 
New Mexico and Santa Fé that they cannot bc 
protected , that this question has been forced upon 
us; and [ have only digressed so far because I 
have been driven to it by the course of the argu- 
ment prescotcd to-day. 
The Senator from Wisconsin indulged very 
lm•gely in presenting the views of what he calls 
the Republican party; and said that their policy 
was to do perféctju.stice to the South, and to give 
•them equal privileges with themselves; and that 
they would not deprive the South of anything 
but w hat they deprived themselves of. That 
desire to 
looks very fair in its presentation. 
illustrate his mode, if he will allow me. It re- 
minds me. of the fable written, I think, by Æsop. 
The fox invited the stork to dine with him. The 
stork has a very long bill. The fox had nothing 
but soup, and it was spread out on a flat dish. 
• r: " Perfect equality, Mr. Stork; help 
Said the fox 
yourself." T hc stork could not get a mouthful; 
and the fox lapped it all up. The next day, the 
stork said: " Coxne over, Mr. Fox, and dine with 
r ithc stork had had mince 
The fox went. 
me. 
meat put in long-necked jars; and said he: ' 'Mr. 
Fox, perfect equality; do not want to dcprive 
you ot• anything but what I deprive myself of; i. 
help yourself. 'S The fox could not get a single 
mouthful, and the stork put in his long bill and 
ate it all up. And so it is with the principles the 
Senator seeks to establish and spread over the 
Territory. He does not want to deprive us ot• 
anything but what he would deprive himself of; 
, he establishes a rule which he knows no 
southern man will submit to, and which will 
excludc every southern man. 
My friend-, the Senator frorn Vermont, [Mr. 
COLLAMER,] said: ' 'Our object in it is to surround 
you; to cramp in slavery; to put a cordon of free 
States around it, so that vou will be forced to 
emancipate your slaves. The object of the frce- 
soil movement, and the only motive that actuates 
you in advocating it to-day, is, that you may 
force us to emancipate the slaves. And how ? 
Either to make them unprofitable or dangerous; 
one or the other of which, you think, willinducc 
us to liberate them and turn them loose. 
Now, Mr. Peesident, this is not right, as breth- 
rcn of' Confederaey. We were known 
slaveholding States. All but one held slaves; 
draw no distinction between them; I will accord 
as much bravery, as much patriotism, to the one 
side as the other. When it is thus acquired, 
ought any rule to be established which Would be 
like the invitation of the fox to the stork to dine 
with him; to say to us, it is perfect equality? But 
you know the peculiar circümstances undei• which 
we are placed, and you are trying to establish a 
rule which, under the circumstances, would cx- 
clude us from the whole of the territory. 
Mr. President, if truth is to prevail, an immu- 
table history, which we cannot change or re- 
verse, will record the fact that the South has never 
asked anything of the North that infringed upon 
them. It will record the fact, that they never 
asked for anything that would endanger them, or 
that had the least tendency to irritate them; and 
if the Union is to go by the board, if necessity 
drives us to the vercre, and we must dissolve, when 
the festie of history is made up, whose fault will 
it be? Not his who defends, not his who re- 
sists, not his who importunes; but the fault will 
be his who exacts, who progresses, and who 
brings to bear what he calls an irrepressible 
conflict," the tendency of which is to involve us 
in war, disguise it as you may. Sir, there are 
good people in both sections of this Union; but 
there are people so indoctrinated, and so preju- 
diced, thouoh they may have honest hearts, edu- 
cated from the school-room, with school tracts 
and Sunday-school instructors advising them that 
tho slaveholder is a knave and a scoundrel, and 
that slaver v is a curse; all of which has spread 
over the Nolth•, and the storm you have stirred 
If it 
up you are not able to control yourselves. 
cannot be controlled, if it cannot be corrected, 
then the doom must and will be pronounced. We 
need not disguise the truth. We ought not to 
avoid looking facts plainly and stubbornly in the 
face, not by 'hreatening, not by trying to intim- 
idate, not by seeking to get a political or personal 
advantage over each other. When a great nation 
is at stake, and the salvation of a great people is 
dependent upon our action, you ought to let par- 
ties die, and personal aspirations perish, rather 
than endanger the salvation of the people. 
What, then, shall we do? Are we to go for- 
ward as we have during the short time that we 
have been in session? Are we to continue to 
wrangle? Had we not better at once see whether 
we can accomplish anything, and if we cannot, 
give it up, and Ict the States and the people of the 
States take it in hand? I have one last hope. My 
only hope in the beginning was, as I then stated, 
simply to intcrposc obstacles to action long enough 
to let the people stop and reflect; and, when they 
have had that fair and honorable opportunity to 
reflect, if the reaction does not come, then our 
I hope we shall have no civil I 
doorn is settled. 
war, although I have already heard th'at the flames 
I have already heard of 
have becn lighted up. 
the nullification of an act of the Federal Govern- 
ment in Pittsburg. I deny, and emphatically 
deny, the right of any people within the Union to 
nullify the law of Congress or an order issued in 
pursuance of that law. 
I contend for the right of a State to secede. 
T hc pretext, or the justification, or the reason for 
' her secession, is a matter for herself to judge, not 
for me. The Senator frona Wisconsin is a little 
at fault., when he says to contend for the right of ! 
may involve us in dnöthei' •var.. seek avoid 
it. VVant -peace and -Pto:stiéritv, 
notilive togetherin perfect' 
rights as far as GovernmentS ordihårilvdö:s€éüre 
rights—for no Government' "cures 
do not 190k for perfection in government; Orin 
any man—let us separate. But, as -long• if 'it 
can be ought to live together afid b60bme • 
tbc great and powerful people ihat the %Göd 
nature has destined we shall •be4 and: if' we dohot 
accomplish His great ends, it is because, we prö+Ö 
ourselves unworthy of them. 
Now, Mr. President, I hdve been Iéd 'off ihtd 
these: remarks in consequence of r the remarks of 
others. I come back to the real proposition bel 
fore the Senate; and that is, the amendment pro• 
posed by th6 Senator from Mississippi. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
before the Senate is on the amendment to the 
amendment. 
Mr. GREEN. Oh, yes; I -remembei• now that 
the Senator froni Illinois, I thinkit•wats; proposed 
an amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator 
from Illinois to the amendment of the Senator 
from Mississippi. 
Mr. GREEN. That is just the reverse Of the 
proposition of the Senator from Mississippi. The 
Senator from Mississippi proposes to give a -law 
to tho Territory of Arizuma which will enable any 
man ownino• a slave to cret redress if any other 
person interferes with his property. I understand 
the Senator from Illinois to proposc that the law 
of Mexico, as it existed wfien we acquired it, 
shall be the law of Arizuma; that itshali never be 
changed while it is a Territory. That is my recol- 
lection of his amendment. 
Sir, I have a great objection to that; and I will 
state it in a few W heh Mekico ceded all 
this territory to uS by the Gadsden treaty, Eno 
slavery existed there except the peonqgc;• brit the 
very moment it becamb ceded to us, and became 
part of the United States, it was under the Con- 
stitution of the United States. There is no such 
thing as a constitutional Government acquiring 
property and yet that prop_erty not be subject to 
the Constitution; and It is a contradiction to say 
so. If wc havc the power to acquire; it is by 
virtue of our oræanization under the Constitution ; 
and the moment you acquire it, it is subjcct to 
that Constitution. 
But thc Senator from' Wisconsin says'if the 
Constitution gives you the right to hold slavery 
there when -you do acquire it, it gives you the 
right to hold slavery in Wisconsin. I have 'heard 
that argument repeated often enough. 
Its faHacy 
is so palpable, that I think it must strike the mind 
of every man who will reason upon the subject. 
Every State, according to our Constitution, is a 
sovereign Statc, with sovereign power over •the 
subject of slavery , with an express reco«nition" of 
the • right of each State to prohibit slavery if -it 
I say the Federal Constitution itself 
chooses. 
expressly recognizes the right of each' Stato to 
prohibit slavery if it chooses butthe Constitution 
does not recognize tire right of a Territorytö PPO- 
hibit slavery. On the contrary; a Territory is not 
known to the Congtitution. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will Senator be kind 
enough to turn to that clause of tho Constitution 
Sion results from the fact that they are in by con- 
sent and can go out by consent. Expulsion would 
be against consent, and is just the opposite of thc 
principle of secession. 
But I do not intend to debate this question. 
Whether we have a constitutional right reserved 
or an original right reserved, is an unimportant 
question now. The practical effect is this: the 
State will do it if it pleases; and then what will 
you do? How are you going to help yourself? 
Make war? No. Why? W hothor you have a 
right to make war or not, is not tho point. The 
imprudence of the British commander at Lexing- 
ton, I think it was, brought on the Revolution. 
An attack made on a few soldiers there, and a few 
countrymen who gathered tore:hen• to heip them, 
have 
brought on the Revolution. 
been a peaceful and hog-iorable adjusunentand sep- 
secession admits the right of expulsion. Seces- ii he retörs to? 
I will refer 
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; 1 will, 
and why should we be excluded from the com- aration from the Crown af Great Britain but for 
the inlprudeucc of' that offcer. The imprudence 
mon territory, bought with a common treasure, 
defendcd by the Army, and as many of our existing offcers, of our commanders, or of 
our functionaries directing or cncouraTing them, 
brave men from the one section as the other? 
the Senator from Maine to that clause of the 
Constitution: 
No person held to service or labor in one State, under 
the laws thereof. escaping into enothcr, skall, in conse- 
quoncc of any law or regulation therein, be discharged 
claim of the party to whom such service or labor *nay he 
due." 
Which implies that thcy have a right to make 
a rule or regulation therein which will bc adverse 
to slavery. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. All wanted to know 
was, where the express recoenition was. That 
thero is an implied onc I never disputed. 
Mr. GREEN. disputed? 
Mr. FESSENDE . A State may do as it 
pleases with refirence to that matter. 
It says in express 
Mr. GREEN. very we!l. 
words that they shall not be discharged from such 
service or labor by reason of any rcguln:tion 
therein. 
Mr. FESSENDEN, Thut is not in: express 
