THE CONGRØSSIONAL 
tie:nen rio ht down to the point; and if I am wrono 
I want to surrender, and to surrender likea man; 
and if you are wrong I Want you to do the same. 
I support this amendment offered by the Sen- 
ator frorn Illinois [Mr. TRUMBULL] because it 
affirms that the law of Mexico in relation to Afri- 
can slaVery when 'wve acquired it ought to remain 
unabolished by Congress, and remain tbc law 
of tl'lat Territory up to the time vthen it shall be 
I say to you in all sin- 
admitted into the Union. 
cerity, and I believe I speak the sentiments of 
nine tenths, not only of the Republican party, but 
of the Democratic party who supported the hon- 
orable Senator from Illinois for the Presidency, 
that they will never consent to the idea that the 
Constitution of the United States, of its own force, 
or hy any of its provisions, is to carry the law of 
rl'hey are willing to admit 
slavery anywhere. 
that the Constitution, of itself, is neutral. They 
are willing to say that it neither abolishes slavery 
where it exists, nor establishes it where it does 
not exist; that when we acquire slave territory it 
does not abolish it; and when we acquire free terri- 
tory it does notestab\ish it, orin any manner guar- 
antee its rin•ht to enter; but they will never consent, 
no, sir, the American people will never consent 
to say that wherever the Constitution goes, slaves 
n-lay go as property by force of its provisions, 
against the local law of the Territory, imposed 
by the sovereignty from which it has been ac- 
quired; that it has the power (call it by what 
name you please, establishing, recognizing, guar- 
antying, or what you will) of overcoming the law 
of freedorn in the territory existing at the time of 
the acquisition. 
The Senator from Missouri compares what I 
said upon this subject to tho invitation of the fox 
to the stork to con-ke to the feast. Let us look 
into history a little, and see. Sir, we acquired 
Florida: which was the fox and which was the 
stork at that feast? We acquired the Louisiana 
Territory, and gave you two thirds of all the 
good land there. Who had the advantage when 
invited to that entertainment? After you had got 
your full share, and we were about to enjoy that 
portion which was expressly reserved for us, just 
as we were ready to partake of it and enjoy it— 
what then? You snatched at it, and undertook 
to take it from us by force. To drop all figure, 
you demanded the right to allow slavery to cn- 
ter 
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, I merely wish to 
say— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from Wisconsin yield thc floor to the Sen- 
ator from Missouri? 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. well, if it is fora simple 
explanation, I will. 
Mr. POLK. I desire to correct a mistake into 
which the honorable Senator fell; He has re- 
peated t.wice over this morning that two thirds 
of the Territory of Louisiana was given to the 
South. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 said of good lands. 
I did not say two thirds of the surface including 
meant the. good lands. 
deserts. 
Mr. POLK. 1 think the Senator is entirely 
mistaken in that, too. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I say, just as we were 
about to enterandtake possession with ot_n• sysoein 
of labor, the Missouri compromise was repealed, 
and slavery wag invited to enter. I shall not repeat 
the story of the sul)jugation of Kansas. We 
have had a struggle for the last six years, grow- 
ing out of that transaction, which , may God grant, 
we shall never see again. Jackson and Clay, 
Webster and Wright, were no more. The only 
two, Houston in this and Benton in the other 
I-louse, took part in the compromise of 1820 
opposed its repeal. They warned the country 
-i.vllüt would be the effect; but they werc unable 
to successfully resist it. What they then pre- 
dicted is ahnost history now. Formy own part, 
f aided the election of General Pierce, and in put- 
ting the Democratic party in power in 1852. 1 
stood bcfore the people of Wisconsin and invited 
upon his lips, hc repeated his pledge never to re- 
open the slavery agitation. The territorial ques- 
tion was at rest. The country Was at peace on 
this question. Suddenly, like a Clap of thunder 
frmn a cloudless sky, 
the whole coutitry was 
starded by a proposition to repeal the Missoui•i 
compromise, and to open the Territory.ofKansas 
to slavery. Then followed a struggle to carry it 
there by force of arms. Would to Heaven that 
page of our history could be blotted out. will 
not dwell upon it. Let us admit. Kansas now into 
the Union, and close up that-controversy forever. 
Now, I ask you, arc yoü not aboutto open a new 
point of quarrel? 
Not satisfied with destroying the compromise 
of 1820, vou now propose to repeal tlie compro- 
mise of 1850, in relation to New Mexico. You 
see what peace has been given to the country by 
repealing one compromise. 
How much rnore 
peace will you get by now undertaking to repeat 
another compromise—that of 1850—by which the 
territorial question was settled in New Mexico 
and in Utah? Breaking the compromise of 1820 
gave no peace in 1854. Breaking thc compromise 
of 1850, as to New Mexico, will not restore peace 
now. The proposition of the Senator from Mis-. 
sissippi is, that Congress shall distinctly recog- 
nize and protect slavery in all that territory. I 
in the amendment 
cannot give it my support. 
to it by- the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. TRUM- 
BULL,] fully concur. 
Mr. President, I have been drawn into a longer 
discussion than I had intended. .1 shall not tres- 
pass further upon the time of thc Senate. 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, the Senator from 
Wisconsin is a little at fault: When he says the 
proposition of the Senator from Mississippi pro- 
poses to violate the compromise of 1850, he over- 
looks the fact that the proposition now before the 
Senate, the amendment proposed by the Senator 
from Illinois, proposes exactly the same thing 
that he is supporting; and when hc talks so loudly 
and so vehemently ahd so eloquently about BUS- 
taining the c.ompromise of 1850, he ought to look 
to the fact that the proposition of the Senator from 
Illinois is this: to enact the laws of Mexico, and 
make them, like the laws of the Medes and Per-' 
sians, irrepenlable. I understand the law of 1850 
to be, that the Territories shall regulate this ques- 
tion as they please, consistently with the Consti- 
tution of the United States. 
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator 
allow me to ask him a question ? 
Mr. GREEN. 1 will hear it. 
Mr. SEWARD. The subject is so entirely 
new and interesting that I beg the Senator's par- 
don for interrupting him to ask him whether it 
cannot possibly keep over until some other day, 
and let us adjourn? 
Mr. GREEN. After a little while the subject 
will keep well; but I have a few words to say 
I say, therefore, that he ought not to try to 
yet. 
present himself before the country as the advo- 
cate and peculiar defender of the compromise 
Ilieasures of 1850, because the very proposition he 
is now supporting proposes to vxolate that com- 
promise. 
Now, one word upon his legal proposition, that 
the Constitution does not, proprio vigore, give the 
right to carry slavery into a territory belongino• 
to the United States, and that the Mexican law 
continues until repealed by the proper authority. 
I wilk give three answers to that, and i want them 
distinctly understood. First, under the law of 
1850, New Mexico has passed a law on this sub- 
ject, and it is now the law over Arizona, which, 
after thc Gadsdcn treaty, was made a part of 
New Mexico, and was annexed to it, and is to- 
day a part of New Mexico. The exact law, word 
for word, that the Senator from Mississippi pro- 
poses to apply to Arizuma, after'we make it a 
separate oro•anization, is this moment the law of 
Arizona. It is an enactment by the Territorial 
204 
ritory; and you do not, whep;yo.u anne;c• its*ake, 
it with that vail over it. 
beeomes an existing custom; and rights 
depend upon it, then, when annexagon. takes 
place, those priyate rights Are toe: bé-.-•pfogéctedv 
You may have a thousand laws obsolete, 
in Mexico, neverexecuted, no 
them, and no occasion to which 
and when you. take the Territory, dö" •not 
take the law over it which existed in Fthe, eity_ 
of Mexico, and can be found among tholliiüsty: 
records there in the proclamations of dictators,-oi' 
in the decrees published by the variousohiefzåins 
that arise there. You take the existing, living, 
customs. We. take them, and we call them laws; 
but they are nothing}utcustoms. They are prac; 
ticed rules; and whenever apracticed rule exists; 
and that practiced rule hits been the cause of pri- 
vate rights growing up, those rights are, protected 
after annexation. Why, there are a thousand lax,vs 
there. Did you take the laws of peonage? It is 
a law of Mexico: A wliite man, according to 
that law, can be made a peon, and Can be kept in 
If he cannol work enough 
perpetual boridüge. 
to pay his expenses, his master kbeps him ih per- 
petua} slavery. Did you annex that law ? No. 
Why? Because it is inconsistent with the genius 
and principles of the American Constitution. 
am informed that they have just such laws against 
the Protestant religion. Can you practice your 
Protestantism in Arizona now? Yes. Why? 
Because our Federal Constitution, which spfeads 
over the rl'erritou•y, says there shall be no •distinc- 
tion madc in religion; and the Senator can prac- 
tice his religion there as fully, as freely, and as. 
perfectly, as I can mine, and that w.ould be a good 
deal. 
Now, Mr. President, the third reason is this: 
if the law existed as a practical custom; the very 
moment annexation took placd•it would be null 
and void. Why? Because it is inconsistent with 
our present Constitution, which is the supreme 
law of the land in the Territory, and which has 
no intermed iatejurisdiction authorized to prohibit 
slavery. Then the question is, why is it incon- 
sistent with _the Constitution of the United States, 
or is it so ? 1 answer, because thc Supreme Court 
has Said that I have a right to go into any Terri- 
tory—thcre being no counter-jurisdiction to in- 
hibit this privilege, by virtue of the Constitution; 
not that it establishes slavery, but that it guaran- 
ties the riffht for any man to hold any property 
known to and rccocynized by the Constitution. 
This is thc simple reason, and the three points 
cover the whole casc, to wit: 
1. The Now Mexico law, our own law, passed 
under our own eyes, our own jurisdiction, estab- 
lishes the very law that Senator BROWN propovs 
to spread over Arizona. It is now the law of 
Arizona, this moment oftime when I am speaking; 
2. The decree of the dictator vvY&S but decree, 
and its provisions were never carried out; and 
3. It never became an existing and living cus- 
tom, and therefore there was no law. 
Eut finally, if there had been a law, beinc in- 
consistent with the Constitution, it would be null 
and void. If Congress has not the power, under 
the Constitution, to prohibit slavery, t.hen the pre- 
vious prohibition madc bv any other powcr in the 
'Ilerritory, thc moment öt• annexation would be- 
come null and void. Therefore, it all resolves 
itself into this: has the Congress the power to 
prohibit slavery in the Territory? If Congress 
does not have the power under tho Constitution, 
then it is inconsistent with the Constitution; and 
if a previous prohibition had existed, it would be 
'null and void the moment the treaty was ratified. 
Mr. President, I do not desire to prolong this 
discussion. I see we cannot get through the bill 
to-day, and if my friend from New York will sug- 
gest a time agreeable to him, I will move to post- 
pone it. As he is not here, I will move to adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
Legislature of Santa Fé. The whole of Arizona adjourned. 
is under the jurisdiction of Santa Fé, and was 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
made so by law. Therefore, what the Senator 
from Mississippi proposes to do is simply to con-• 
THURSDAY, Decembcr 27, 1860. 
them to support General Pierce upon the ground 
that the slavery question had been settled in all tinuc the existing law of Arizona. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
the rrerritories of the United States; north of 360 The second answer is this: that the by the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS H. STOCKTON, 
30'—it was settled by the act of 1820; in New ico, or of any other country, which would be con 
- The C! erk commenced the reading of the-Journal 
Mexico and Utah it •was settled by the act of tinued after the acquisition by this country, is not 
of Monday. 
I asked them to support him upon that continued because it is the command of the su- 
CALL or TIIE ROLL. 
ground. It was upon that ground he was elected. preme power that originally promulgated it. The 
Mr. JONES. I make the point, before the read- 
law does not spread like a t.hin vail all over a Ter- i 
At while the oath of offce was yet 
