206 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 27, 
ing of the Journal is concluded, that there is no 
quorum present, and I desire to call attention to 
this rule; 
TOUCHING OF SPEAKER.—I. He shalt 
take the chair, every day, precisely' at the hour to Which 
the House shall have adjourned on the preceding day ; shall 
inunediately call the members to order; and, on the ap- 
pearance ot' a quorum, shali cause the Journal of the pre- 
ceding day to be read." 
The SPEAKER. If the point is made by any 
member, the reading of the Journal must be sus- 
pended until it be ascertained whether a quorum 
present. 
ME. JONES. I move that there be a call of the 
House. 
Mr. MAYNARD. for the and nays 
upon that motion. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
I ask my friend 
from Georgia to withdraw his point of order, and 
his motion for a call of the House. This is the 
first morning the House has met since the adjourn- 
ment over Christmas, and I presume it is doubt- 
ful whether there is a quorum in the city. Let 
tho Journal be read, and then the House will per- 
haps adjourn inmnediately. 
Mr. JONES. With the that 
House will adjourn as soon as the Journal is 
read, will withdraw the motion for a call of the 
House. 
Mr. EIINDMAN. I renew the motion that 
there be a call of the House. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 renew my call for the 
yeas and nays. My reason is that there will 
probably be a quorum present by the time the 
vote is taken by yeas and nays, and that there 
will probably bc no necessity for a call of the 
House. 
T hc yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the 28, nays 109; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, 'i'homas L. Anderson, Bab- 
Barret, Briggs, Carey, Clopton, Burton Cruige, Ed- 
munds•on, Etheridge, John T. liarris, Ilindtnnn, 
H ughes, 
Jenkins, Jones, Larrahce, Logan, Lovejoy, McClernand, 
Milkson, Isaac N. Morris, Pettit, Peyton, Spinncr, Stokes, 
and 1Vclls 
_ .28. 
Vatlandighmn, 
Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Ashley, 
Avery, Beale, Binghatn, Blair, Bocock, Boteler, Brayton, 
Bristow, Bunin ton, Burch, Burnhatn, (hmnpbcll, Case, John 
B. Clark, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Corwin, 
H. Davis:, John G. 
Co.x, Crawfin•d, Curry. Curtis, 
Davis, Jarnette, Dunn, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fen- 
ton, Foster, French, Gartrell, Gooch, Hamilton, Ilardmnan, 
J. Morrison Ilarris. Uatt.on, Ilelmick, Hoard, Holman, 
Houston, William 110'.•vard, William A. Howard, Hum- 
phrey, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis VV. Kellogg, Wik- 
*iam Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Kunkel, DeWitt C. Leach, 
Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Love, Marston, Elbert S. Mar- 
tin, Maynard, McKeail, McKenty, McPherson, Laban 
Moore, Sydenhillil Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, 
Morse, Nelson, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Perrv 
Quarles, Reagan, Edwin R. Reynolds, John II. keynolds, 
Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson, Royce, Rust, 
Scott, Sherman, Singleton, Spaulding, Stanton, Stevens, 
Tappan, 'Taylor, 'liliömas, Tompkins, 'l'rilnble, Vance, 
Vandever, Wade.. Walt01i, 
Cad walader C. Washburn, 
M"hiteley, Wilson, Winslow, Woodrufl', and 
Wright—109. 
So the I-louse refused to order u call. 
Bcforc the vote was announced, 
had paired of? 
Mr. BO'I"ELER stated that he 
with Mr. Moor-ulF.AD•, but would vote upon this 
motion in order to show whether a quorum was 
present 
Mr. COBB. on Monday last 1 supposed it 
would be impossible for me to be here to-day. I 
entered into an arrano•ement \Vith the gentleman 
from Maine [Mr. FRENCH] to pair with him. 
suppose, however, there will be no objection to 
my votin«y upon this question. 
Several MEMBERS on the Republican side. No 
objection. 
'Mr. COBB. 
no." 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. feel constrained 
to object—inasmuch as, although the gentleman 
from Alabama is here in his personal substance, 
he is not herc legislatively. [Laugh ter.] 
Mr. HOLMAN said Mf. ENGLISH had paired 
with Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. 
Mr. HUGHES said he had paired with Mr. 
MCKNIGHT, but would consider hilliself at liberty 
to vote on this question. 
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the reading of 
the names was dispensed with. 
The vote was announced as above recorded. 
The reading of the Journal of Monday was 
resumed and completed. 
ADJOURNMENT OVER. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 move that when the 
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday 
next. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
T call for the yeas 
and nays upon that motion. There is no use in 
wasting the time of the House in this way. 
Mr. HINDMAN called for tellers on the yeas 
and nays. 
Tellers were not ordered. 
T hc yeas and nays were not ordered. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. CRAWFORD moved to reconsider the 
vote by which the motion was agreed to; and also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsider the 'l 
MI'. RUST. I call for the yeas and nays upon 
the latter motion. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 call for tellers on the yeas 
and nays. 
rreilers were not ordered. 
The yeas and nays wcrc not ordered. 
The motion to lay on the table the motion to 
reconsider was am•eed to. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION . 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. 
sent of the House to make a personal explana- 
tion. 
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, 
gentleman will have leavc to make a personal 
explanation. 
Mr. STEVENS,0fWashington. Mr. Speaker, 
desire your very careful attention and that of 
1 
tho House to the cxplanation have to make. 
find in the Boston Journal, a copy of which I 
have before me, a dispatch taken from the Boston 
I-Icrald, to this effect: 
It appears upon investigation that the bonds were stolen 
fot the use of' the central Breckinridge club during the late 
presidential election." 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I rise to a question 
I believe it has been over and over 
tvrain decided that newspaper para«raphs are not 
sufficient foundation for persona explanations 
to bc made in this House. 
If it is to be allowed 
to one, it must bc allowed to all, 
The SPEAKER. The Chair distinctly stated 
that it would be permitted if there was no objec- 
tion. He heard no objection, and it is now too 
late to raise it. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
[ raised the objec- 
tion as soon as I could ascertain the character of 
the explanation the gentleman proposed to make. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he gave 
abundant time for any gentleman to make objec- 
tion; but no objection was made, and hc thinks 
it is now too late to raise objection. 
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman from NYVashing- 
ton stated, asl understood him, that he rose to a 
question of privilege. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman stated that 
hc rosc to a personal explanation. 
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to call the atten tion of 
the Speaker to the fact that a few days ugo my 
colleague [Mr. MCCLERNAND] also rose to a per- 
sonal explanation, and was permitted to procecd 
on the point of order presented, and unless an 
appeal taken from that decision, I hold that 
debate ig 110t in order, 
Mr. FLORENCE. is a point, and 
I hope the gcntleman will insist on it. 
Mr. LOGAN. I take an appeal from the dc- 
cision of the Chair. 
I do so with no discourtesy 
toward the gentleman from Washington, but bea 
cause I do not want other gentlemen of this House 
to have privileges upon this floor which havc been 
denied to one of my colleaxues. 
The SPEAKER.. Nobädy would regret 
than the Chair to know that the gentlenhan 's col- 
league was treated differently from other members. 
Certail'lly the Chair has' never meant to do other 
than his duty as the presiding offcerof the House. 
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do desire to prevent 
the gentleman from Washir)gton making his ex- 
planation; bat I do think that this is the proper 
point foi• bringing to the attention of the Chair 
and the House the point of order which neces- 
sarily grows out of the proposed personal expla- 
I have always understood that personal 
nation. 
explanations propose-d to be made in this House 
must, under the rules, relate to something that 
occurred in the House, or to something t11Nt rnay 
be found-in the official organ of the House. To 
such personal explanations I do not object, nor 
do 1 think the House will object to them. But 
the personal explanation which 1 he gentleman 
asks the privilege of Inaking, is of an entirely dif- 
ferent character. He asks thc privilege of reply- 
to some newspaper article, something not 
connected with the offcial proceedings of this 
I-louse. If we permit gentlemen to make such 
personal explanations, we will give a latitude to 
our proceedings that must destroy the harmony 
and seriously interfere with the business of the 
House. I make the point of order, and I ask for 
the Chair's decision. 
I'vlr. FLORENCE. The House is the best. 
judge of whGthcr that is or is not a good point; 
and the House has already given the gentleman 
unanimous consent to n)ake his personal expla- 
nation. 
Mr. HOUSTON. If the House is the best 
judge of thc point of order, then hope the gen- 
tleman will take his seat, and let the House de. 
I have no doubt the House will give a 
good jud«yrnent on the matter. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 submit that, ponding an 
appeal, another point of order is not in order. 
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 will not be by 
the geritleman from Pennsylvania. I have a right 
to state my point of order, and I do not want to 
be interrupted every moment by little things 
which have no relevancy to the matter before the 
House. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 am submitting myself 
to a decision of thetChair on one point of order, 
and I insist that the gentleman from Alabama is 
not in order. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala- 
bama has the right to state his point of order. 
IVIu•. HOUSTON. That is just what propose 
to do. All I ask is that I may be saved from con- 
stant interruption. My point of order is this: 
the gentleman from Washington Territory pro- 
poses, as a matter of personal explanation, that 
which has no connection with his offcial conduct 
here, and which is no part of any transaction 
which has occurred in this I-louse. It is nothing 
which has found its way into any of the official 
proceedings of the House, either upon the Jour- 
nal or in the Congressional Globe, and it cannot 
therefore, under the rules, properly be a subject- 
matter of personal explanation. That is point 
until he had partially read a paragrapn in a news- of order, and I ask the Chair to decide it. 
Mr. MAYNARD. The Chair has already 
paper, when objection was made, and the Chair 
decided that question of order. 
! decided that my colleague could not proceed. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois 
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken. 
N'Ir. BLAIR said that Mr. GRAHAM had paired will remember Lhat on the occasion to which he He has not decided it, for it was not brought to 
refers his colleague stated that he rose to a privi- 
his attention until I raised it. 
with Mr. BURNETT. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wash- 
and the Chair decided, when ob- 
Mr. QUARLES stated that Mr. LEAcH, of leged question; 
North Carolina, had paired with Mr. EDGERTON. , jection was made, that it was not a privileged inc»ton Territory asked leavc to make a personal 
question. The gentleman from Washington now, 
IMP. DE JARLNLMI'TE said his colleague, Mr. 
I however, stated that ho rose to personal expla- 
bad paired with Mr. RTE. 
COLFAX said that Mr. McKNIGHT was 
detained the I-louse in consequence of the 
death of' a ber of' his family. 
Mr. STO had paired off with Mr. 
Nix-ox; otherwise he would vote " ay.' 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said he had paired 
with Mr. POTTER. 
nation; and the Chair put the question to the 
House whether there was objection to his pro- 
ceedine,and no objection was made. 
MrjLOGAN. •l ask that this question be now 
settled. 
Mr. MAYNARD. of order. 
I understand that the Chair has made a decision 
explanation. The Chair stated the question t.o 
the I-louse. There was no objection to granting 
the request at the tilne, and the gentleman from 
Washington proceeded to submit his remark s. 
Thc Chair is of the opinion that the gentleman is 
entitled to be heard, thö objection now coming 
too late. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. An appeal has been 
taken ft•ora the decision of thc Chair. 
