208 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 27. 
the accounts which are presented afterwards, by 
the clerk or stenographer employed, for adjust- 
ment to the committee on-which I have the honor 
I would suggest to him the propriety 
to serve. 
and necessity of fixing the amount of compensa- 
tionto be allowed to the stenographer or clerk em- 
ployed by the committee, if the House should see 
proper to grant the enlarged discretion embraced 
in this resolution. 
But, Mr. Speaker, I would suggest another dif- 
ficulty which occurs to my mind in reference to 
this i•esöiution. It proposes to authorize the com- 
mittee to sit elsewhere than in the city of Wash- 
ington. It must be obvious to every gentleman, 
who has had any experience in reference to the 
proceedings conducted by committees of this na- 
ture, that exiffencies arise from time to time in 
refi)rcnce to the non-attendance of witnesses be- 
fore them. and they have to apply to the House 
for compulsory process in such cases. I-low can 
that power to compel the attendancc of witncsscs, 
which is vested in the House itself, be exercised 
when the committee is ata distant point? I should 
think it would bc more proper for the committee 
to appny to the House from time to time for leave 
to go elsewhere and conduct the investigation, 
and not to ask this general power now, when the 
chairman of the committee is unable to say to the 
House that there is any necessity at present ex- 
isting for conferring it upon them. 
I therefore appeal to the gentleman to consider 
well the terms of this resolution before he presses 
it upon the consideration of thc House. Unless 
the gentleman will withdraw his resolution for 
the present, I will move to lay 'it upon the table. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 ask that the 
tion be again reported. 
'I'he resolution was acain rcud. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. If the gentleman from 
Maryland will withdraw his motion to lay the 
rcsolution upon the table, I will offer an amend- 
ment which, I think, will meet his views. 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 withdraw inotion, sir. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 move, then, to strike 
out all after the word 
elsewhere" to the end of 
the resolution. 
I am perfectly willing to allow 
thc cmynnittee to sit during the sessions of the 
House. 
I have no objection to that. 
I have no 
objection to their sitting at any place in the city 
•w•hcre tbcy may think it advisable; but I do not 
scc any necessity for giving the comrnittec a rov- 
ino• commission to travel to any part the coun- 
try for the purpose of investigating this rnat.ter. 
The uniform rule for the last six years, I wiil 
state to the gentleman from Illinois, has been, 
wherc a committee has felt it necessary to go else- 
where, to send a sub-committee. Except in the 
case of the Kansas investigating committee, a 
'.vhole committee has never been authorized to go 
away. In the case of the Kansas 
it was thought better to send the whole commit- 
tee, because it was morc econornicai to send thc 
wholc than it would have been to brino- 
the witnesses acre would have been ncccs- 
sat•y to in vestio•ate what the committee were ap- 
pointod to investiöate. The committee were, 
therefore, 
authorized to go to Kansas. There 
have been other committees appointed since that 
time; and wherevcr it has been thought necessary 
to make in vestigations outside of the city of Wash- 
ington , a sub-committechas been appointed. That 
is the course which has been uniformly adopted, 
so us I know; and I arn, therefore, in favor of 
striking ont all after that portion of the resolution 
which authorizes thc committee to sit during the 
sessions of the House. 
I am also opposed to the 
employ ruent of these stenographers. 
It only af- 
fords occupation to some géntlemen who (lesn•e to 
spend a few weeks in the city of •Washington at 
four, five, six, or seven dollars a day. I do not 
know what is the amount. 
I am informed by a 
member of the Committee of Accounts, that we 
pay them fifty dollars a day. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 hope thegen- 
tleman from Georgia will allow mc to say a word 
or two. 
Mr. CRAV„TFORD. 1 am opposed to employ- 
ing stonno•raphers, or any one else, for the pur- 
pose of reporting speeches for gentlemen to be put 
in thu nex.vspapers of the country, with a view of 
disti ng aisl-i ng parties who make eloquen t speeches 
before the cozninittee. We have had enough ex- 
I do not see that thereisany 
in that way 
I therefore hope that the House 
necessity for it. 
will vote it. down, all except the first portion of 
the resolution. And now I will hear what the gen- 
tleman from Maryland has to say before I yield 
the floor. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. The 
from Maryland will be very brief. In the first 
place, as to the employment of stenographers, I 
will simply say to the gentleman from Georgia, 
that unless the committee are allowed to employ 
a stenographer, it will bc impossible for them to 
transact their business. They must have a clerk, 
and if their clerk is to write down the testimony 
word for word, his pay, from the extension of 
time, will amount .to as much as the pay of a 
stenographer. We cannot get along s,vithout: a 
It be impossible for the com- 
stenographer. 
mittee to go into the investigation with which 
the Housc has charged them, unless the House 
chooses to givc them the necessary facilities. 
As to a roving commission, the gentleman may 
bc entirely satisfied, and the House may rest well 
assured, that unless there is some controlling and 
imperative reason which requires it, t.he comnnit- 
tee x.vill never movc one step from this District. 
They have sufficient information already, I may 
be permitted to say, to satisfy them that the au- 
thority which they ask is essential to tho proper 
conduct of their investigation, and I hope that, 
without further discussion, the House will have 
sufficient confidence in {heir discretion and good 
sense to confer this power upon them, 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Do gen- 
tleman to say that the committee have already a 
clerk ? 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. No, sir; we have 
no clerk. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Do want both a clerk 
and a stenographer? 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. No; we want 
only a stenographer, who will act both as a clerk 
and stenographer. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I sugcyest to the gentleman 
from Georgia, that it would be utterly irnpossiblc 
to conduct an investiæation of this kind without 
the aid of a to take down the evi- 
dence; it would be utterly impracticable, unless 
the evidence was heard in parole, and not pre- 
I can readily conceive that,. in the 
served at all. 
investigation ofa matter of this kind, there might 
be an exicency requiring the committee to leave 
the District, of such a nature that it would not be 
proper to disclose the object ul present, for il 
might defeat the very purpose intended to be ac- 
I hope, therefore, the resolution will 
be adopted. 
Mr. CONKLING. 1 move the 
tion. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman has not 
the floor for that purpose. 
Mr. CONKLING. 1 supposed the gentleman 
from Georgia had yielded the floor. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The committee 
were informed', at an informal interview with the 
Secretary of the Interior on thc day of their ap- 
pointment•, that their labors would be extensive 
and laborious, and that it would take some titnc 
to investigate this matter. They have consulted 
him in the premises. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 would ask the gentle- 
man from Illinois what amount of money will be 
paid per dienu to the stenographer under this res- 
olution ? 
ME. MORRIS, of Illinois. Just what is paid 
to the stenographers in the employment of the 
Globe office. 
A MEMBER. I low much is that? 
Mr. CRAWFORD. that, under 
this resolution, the stenographer would receive 
fifty dollars a day; and, for one, I an-I not pro- 
pared to authorize the payment of that amount. 
Unless, therefore, the amount to be paid to the 
stenographer is specified, I shall vote against the 
resolution. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 would suggest to the 
gentleman from Georgia, that before he yields the 
floor, he move to arnend the resolution, so as to 
limit the amount of compensation to be. paid to 
the, stenographer. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 
to strike out all after the word cisewaere" In 
I the resolution. 
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE. 
A message was received from the Senate by 
Mr. HICKEY, its chief Clerk, informing the House 
that the President of the United States had noti- 
fied the Senate that he did, on the 2'2d instant, 
approve and sign a bill the relief of NV illiam 
A. Linn's estate; also that the Senate had-passed, 
without amendment, a bill (H. R. No. 436) for 
the relief of Mrs. Eliza A. Merchant, widow of 
the late first Lieutenant and Brevet-Captain 
Charles G. Merchant, of the United States Army; 
also that the Senate had passed bills of the fol- 
lowing titles, in which he was directed to ask the 
concurrence of the House: 
An act (No. 376) for the relief of Major Ben- 
jamin Alvord, paymaster, United States Army; 
An act (No. 463) for the relief of W. H. 
Vesey; and 
An act (No. 523) for the relief of Lieutenant 
George L. Hartsuff, United States Army. 
LIEUTENANT GEORGE L. IIARTSUFF. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 ask the gentleman from 
Georgia to give way for one mornent. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Certainly. 
Mr. STANTON. On Monday last the House 
passed a bill for the relief of Lieutenant I-lartsuff; 
on the same day the Senate passed a similar bill, 
which has just been sent in. I now ask that by 
unanimous consent, the Senate bill be taken up 
and passed. 
There being no objection, Senate bill No. 523, 
for the relief of Lieutenant George L. Hartsuff, 
was takeQ up, received its several readings, and 
was passed. 
STENOGRAPHER FOR COMMITTEE—AGAIN. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. I propose this amendment 
to the resolution of the gentleman from Illinois: 
that the stenographer shall act as clerk, and that 
his rate of compensation shall be $4 50 per col- 
umn of the Dally Globe. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 have no objection 
to that. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The SPEAKER stated the question to be 
on the further amendment striking out the clause 
of the resolution permitting the committee to hold 
its sessions elsewhere than in Washington city. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is that pending 
before the House? I thought that amendment 
had been withdrawn. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 will state that, aftor the 
remark of the chairman of the committee that the 
Secretary of the Interior has indicated his opin- 
ion that the committee may be required to sit else- 
where, I am willing to withdraw that amend- 
tnent. 
The resolution as amended was then adopted. 
Mr. CASE moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved 
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
T hc latter motion was agreed to. 
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now renew my motion 
that the rules be suspended, and that the House 
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on 
the state of the Union, and, pending that motion, 
I move that the Indian appropriation bill be made 
a special order in committee. 
The motion making the bill referred to a spe- 
Cial order was agreed to. 
Mr. SHERM'AN. I now ask for the vote upon 
my other motion. 
i The motion was agreed to. 
So the rules were suspended; and the I-louse 
resolved itself into the Committee of the -Whole 
on the state of the Union, (Mr. STANTON in the 
chair,) and proceeded, as a special order, to the 
consideration of House bill No. 865, making ap- 
propriations for the service of the Indian depart- 
mcnt and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with 
various tribes of Indians for the year ehding Junc 
30, 1862. 
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first reading 
of the bill would be dispensed with if no objection 
be made. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 require the readingofthe 
The Clerk commenced to read. 
Ad r. SHERMAN. I will stat.e to the gentle- 
rnan from Virginia that the bill is fifty pages 
long, and that after its first readine it must be 
r hope he will 
I read bv clauses for amendment. 
withdraw his objection to dispensino• with the 
first reading of tlie bill. 
