210 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 31, 
that the other side ought not to press it through, 
especially when there is no quorum present. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will make a proposition 
that '"Till relieve the House. 
I move, by unani- 
mous consent, that the Committee of the Whole 
on the statc of the Union be discharged from the 
further consideration of the Indian appropriation 
bill, and that it be brought into the House. 
will then bc up the first thing on Monday morn- 
am sure that there can bc no objection to 
the detailS of the bill. 
Mr. JONES. I do not object, if we are to be 
allowed a separate vote on any of the clauses that 
may be specified. 
Mr. SHERMAN. That certainly will not be 
objected to. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 take it also to bc a part 
of the understanding that the call of the House 
and the vote on the to adjourn shall also 
be canceled. 
Tho SPEAKER. Is there any objection to 
the proposition of the gentlen')an from Ohio? 
It 
can only be received by unanimous consent. 
there In no objection, the Indian appropriation 
bill will now be considered as pending before the 
House, and the main question as ordered. 
There was no objection; and it was ordered 
accordingly. 
Mr. THEAKER stated that his colleague,Mr, 
BLAKE, was paired with Mr. LOGAN until Mon- 
day next. 
Mr. FLORENCE moved that the House do 
now adjourn. 
The question was taken; and the motion was 
agreed to. 
And thereupon (at twenty-five minutes past 
two o'clock, p. m.) the I-louse adjourned 
IN SENATE. 
MONDAY, I)ecenbber 31, 1860. 
Prayer by thc Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
'L'he Jouénal of rl'hut•sday last was read and 
approved. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. LANE presented the pctition of ()rlando 
B. Griffith , 
praying that the pension which he 
now receives may be made to con•nnence frotn 
the date of the disability for which it was granted; 
which was referred to the Committee Pen- 
mons. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented memorial 
of the heirs of Wiiliatn and John Turvin, praying 
un amendment of' the laws passed {'or then• relief'; 
which was referred to the Comrnit,tee on Private 
Land Claims. 
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of citi- 
zens of Kansas, praying the establishrncnt of a 
mail route frotn Lawrence, in that to 
Sherman, 
ill which was referred to thc 
on 
Post Oflicc and Post Roads. 
Mr. PO WELL the 
petition of Wil- 
lian'i I-.la rlow, ad nail) istra to E' 
r-at-law of 
Robert, Craddock, an officer in t.hc revol utionary 
pray lnsr to bo 
wed corri na u tatiou pay 
war, 
which was to the (Jonnylittee on Pen- 
sion.s. 
Mr. NICHOLSON of 
Albert Grc.elllcai', asking cornpensation extra 
services as Navy agent; which wus referred to the 
Committec on Naval Affairs. 
BILL INTRODUCED. 
Mr. LANE asked, and by nnunimons eon- 
sent obtained, 
Icave to introduce u bill (S. No. 
530) to provide for thc payxnent of clerks in the 
land offices in the State of Oregon; which was 
read twice by its title, and rctörrcd tn the Com- 
on Public Lands. 
DISPOSITION OF NATIONAL ARMS. 
Mr. WILSON. I submit the followintr reso- 
•Jution; ond ask for its consideration now, if there 
be no objection : 
Rcsolbtcd, 'I*hQ.t the Secretary of War be, and he is here 
by. requested to i.ntOrrn the Senate what disposition has 
been made of the arnjs manu[hctured at the ll\ttion'dl arni- 
ories or purchased flo•r tlie use of the Government during 
the past year; in what way they have been distributed, and 
alnount of theun, if anv, have been sold; to whotn 
i at, "'Irat price ; where the arms belongin" to the 
United States are now deposited ; in what places; how many 
of cach kind in the several depositories and how Ihey are 
protected. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let it lie over. 
Objection beino• made, the resolution was laid 
wonld do and always do; and submit to the 
over under the rule. 
PAPERS WITIIDRAWN. 
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it, was 
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case of Wil- 
hiam Hazzard Wigg, asking cmnpensation ror losses in the 
revolutionary war, on the files of the Senate, be with- 
d rawn, 
ADJOURNMENT TO WEDNESDAY. 
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was 
Ordered, Tbat whcn the Senatc adjourns to-da , it ad- 
journ to meet on VVedncsday next. 
DIPLOMATIC CORPS. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, 1 
leave to offer a resolution, nnd to ask for the im- 
mediate consideration of it. The object of it is 
to request the President of the Senate to assign a 
portion of the gallery of the Senate for the use of 
honorable Senator that, in that condition, we 
should do what I believe is everywhere done— 
make a peculiar provision for them if they honor 
us with their presence. 
Mr. DAVIS. I will only say that they do not 
bear the relation of guests. They are hore as the 
aments of foreign Governments, the representa- 
tives of foreign Governments; not as our guests; 
not here by our invitation, or dependent on our 
civility. They are, here to perform certain func- 
tions for their Governments. 
Mr. MASON. .Will the Senator allow me a 
moment? 
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly. 
Mr. MASON. I think if the Senator will ex- 
amine the credential of a foreign minister, he will 
find it is nothing in the world but a letter of in- 
troduction, and asking the courtesies of the host— 
I the country—to the person who bears it, and res- 
iöreign ministers, their families, and suits. 
idence among them. It is nothing but alettcr of 
T hc Secretary read the resolution, as fi)llows: 
introduction; a courteous letter of introduction. 
Resotucd, That the President of the Senate bc requested 
Mr. DAVIS. I am sure the chairman of thc 
to assign portion of the gallery ot• the Senate Ibr the use 
but Committee on Foreign Relations is pushing this 
of the foreign ministers, their families, and suit* • 
nothing herein contained shall affect the provisions of the 
48th rtiie the Senate. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. understand—and that 
is all I Shall feel it necessary to say on the sub- I 
: , —that the House of Representatives have 
lect 
passed a similar rule; and I hope the Senate will 
have no diffcully in agreeing to it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BRIGHT 
in the chair.) The Senator from Kentucky asks 
for t.he immediate consideration of the resolution. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to it, 
read again. 
'l' he Secretary arvain read the resolution. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any 
objection to the consideration of the resolution 
Mr. DAVIS. 1 should like to the resolu- 
tion explained by the rnovcr of it. 
Mr. MASON. Under the state of 
the ladies of the families of' foreiffn min- 
istcrs cannot oct seats in 1110 galleries; because, 
bein,o• fijreitrners, and guests of the country, and 
with all the sensitivct')ess that belongs to that. sit.- 
uation, they feel scruple, and very natural scru- 
plc, in con'i pcting for sents. 
secretaries and 
the attachés of' tho forei(rn nninistcrs are also placed 
upon the same footing. 'The difficulty has been 
overcomcin the HouSe of Representatives as- 
signincr there u portion of the gallery for the use 
of these foreign ministers and their suits and fu I-n- 
flies. I will state that, from conversation with tl-)e 
Presiding Officer of the Senate—I mean the Vice ! 
I) resident—on the subject, and with one of the 
foreign ministers, I am satisfied it can be done 
with great convenience, without disturbing our 
own people, and be very satisfactory. 
Mr. DAVIS. the of the Senato 
foreign ministers are admitted on the floor of the ! I 
Senate. So far as they are, concerned, therefore, 
provision has been rnade. As for the rest, 
I do not see that our courtesy should go beyond 
the poikit of considering their families as good as 
our own; and I thiillc it is rather stretching the 
point when we give t.h(-nn a prefbreyu.•.e over our 
I do not believe there is any propriety in 
own. 
allowin(" a forei(rner to have a seat which a citi- 
zen of' thc United States rnay not take in the Sen- 
ate Chamber of the United States. 
therefore 
object to it. 
IVIr. MASON. do not Incan to protract this 
debate; but tl'lere is no man on this floor who will 
inore Immediately yield to the which 
I mn about to Inake tbal') 
the honorable Senator 
These o•entlernenand ladicstu•e the guests 
of' the country; they are the guests of the nation. 
Mr. DAVIS. No, not all. 
Mr. MASON. They are your guests and my 
guests, as long as they remain in the country. 
DAVIS at all. 
M r. MASON. And know that honorable 
Senator wiil always say a guest has a preferable 
place, e vcli to a nv,unber of his own family. 
Mr. DAVIS. he be a guest. 
Mr. MASON. well, that is 
As I said before, '.ve know very wcli I 
tion of it. 
Lhat thesc guests of ours, for they are strictly so, 
are not only foreispners, but many of them do not 
speak our lancyuage, and they have all the proper I 
and scrupulous (If-'iic.acy and sensitiveness that 
belono• to their peculiaé position jn the country. 
case beyond what would be his view of' it under 
othercircumstances. For instance, when '•,ve send 
such a man away, we are certainly not turniv a 
guest out of our own house, and it is by no means 
an uncommon thing to discharge the agent of a 
foreign Government when he ceases to be accept- 
able to our own. 
Mr. MASON. Why is it not turning away 
guest who docs not conduct himself as a guest 
should ? 
Mr. DAVIS. If t.he Senator considers that the 
agent of a foreign Government, sent here, paid by 
it to perform its duties and take care of its inter- 
ests, and in collision with us upon every poii')t 
where there is to be a diversity of interest, is to be 
regarded as a guest invited into our house and to 
be entertained by us, 1 am really at a loss to un- 
dersland the power of language. It seems to me 
that nothing can be in Inorc direct antagonism 
than the two relations. You receive an agent po- 
lite] y. He brings you a letter of introd uction, 
and yot_l treat him courteously. That docs not 
make him your guest. He is nothiY)g in Lho na- 
ture of a guest. 
Jt is a matter of very little im- 
portance to n')e•, but I hold to the fact that every 
of the United States, being a soverciffll in 
his own right, his family has as good a right tou 
favorable seat in the Chamber of the Senate as 
the farnily of any foreicrncr. 
IVh•. SEWARD. Éhope, sir, 
this resolution 
Inay pass. I think that the lawr of nations as now 
understood, is regarded as obliging ail civilized 
nations to receive representatives from other civ- 
i\ized States, and it is not, allowed by that code to 
any State to isolate itself from communications 
by resident ministers and mnbassadors. These 
representatives arc not yegarded as individuals, 
but they are regarded as presenting themselves in 
forcio•n countries as direct and immediate repre- 
scntat.ives, not of monarchies or of rcpubiics, not 
in reference to the particular forms Öt' their gov- 
ern ments, but represen tatives of thc nations them• 
selves from •,vhieh they come. I think that this 
has been the universal sentiment of our people, 
as it is of all other civilized countries. The 
I-louse of Represen tatives has practiced it pon this 
principle in assiøning a proper and convenient 
place to these representatives, where they may 
hear the debates and inform themselves of the 
condition of the country. The Senate has acted 
upon It' in the sarne way bv allowing these per- 
sons the privilege, allowed to very few others, 
of entering upon the floor of tho Senate. For 
many of them, that is less convenient, while it is 
more inconvenient to us than it would be if they 
had aplace assigned to them in the galleries. The 
principie on which we extend to them the priv 
ilege of the floor is exactly the same as sustains 
this resolution. 
It is not honor; it is not c,on'l- 
plimentary; it is a mere. matter of courtesy. We 
have made very spacious galleries. They are 
seldom crowded. Certainly, there is room enough 
in them for the representatives of foreign Govern- 
mcnts; and as they are strancyers, many of them 
not speaking our-language, they may often find 
it embarrassing to obtain for themselves a place 
in the audience generally; and it would be better 
for them, and better subservc their convenience, 
to have a place specially assigned to them, which 
Tl'hcy cannot their way our own people should be known to be theirs, to be occupied only 
