1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
by them, unless they should decline to occupy it; 
and if they should decline to occupy it on any 
occasion, it might be appropriated to citizens of 
the United States. 
Mr. 'IIRUMBULL. Is it too late to object to 
the consideration of this resolution? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There was no 
objection made at the time the resolution was of- 
fefed. It is under discussion now, and the ques- 
tion is on agreeing to the resolution. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a matter thatl do not 
wish to take up the time of the Senate in discuss- 
ing; and I think the best way to get rid of it 
would be to object tov consideration, and let it 
Postpone ft."] I move to postpone 
go over. 
It until to-morrow. 
The motion was not agreed. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 will make a single 
remark or two. I hardly think that I should have 
proposed this resolution at all if I had supposcd 
it would be deemed a matter of consequence or 
importance enough to lead to any discussion or 
any objection. I did not suppose it would. It is 
assigning to respectable foreigners, who are here 
in offcial capacigy, a seat in the gallery. Is there 
any thing in this that does not become the hospi- 
tallty and courtesy with which the American peo- 
ple, in their private capacity, in their private 
houses, receive respectable strangers and foreign- 
It is because I think it becomeS the hospi- 
ers ? 
tality, and is a graceful exercise of the courtesy, 
of the people of the United States, that I have been 
induced to offer this resolution and shall vote for 
it; that is all. 
I view it in that light. 
I novcr 
thought of starting any question of rivalry be- 
tween these foreigners and our American citizens 
as to privileges or distinctions to be granted here. 
It is not the occasion for any such question. 
is a matter of civility and courtesy to stran«ers 
and to foreigners who are herc on business with 
that is all. 
I am surc it is nob 
our Government; 
for us beyond that measurc of courtesy which 
they would receive from every American gentle- 
man in whose house they might be. 
Sir, there is a reason a little beyond this, I 
think, why they should have seats assigned tl•tem. 
We desire to open to them all the means of' in- 
formation svhatever of the country and of the 
Government to which they have been sent. This 
is one of the means. Important debates are ex- 
pected to-day. How could any one get into these 
galleries? You have privileged ministers to come 
on this floor; but that does not include thc whole 
class of offcial foreiffners by any means; and all 
but the ministers themselves would be excluded. 
I will not argue the question at all. The Sen- 
ate may dispose of it as they please. 
choose t.o convert a mere question of courtesy and I 
of hospitality into a great question of privileges and 
distinctions, I have nothing more to say about it; 
but I think there is not an American citizen who 
would not feel that the Senate of the United States 
might well show this mark of the courtesy and 
hospitality of America and of this Government. I 
I hope the ques- 
have no more to say about it. 
Lion will be put. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, the special 
committee of the Senate, to whom was referred 
that portion of President's messacye relatino• to thc 
present agitated condition of the country, have 
I send to the Secretary's 
directed me to report. 
table the journal of the. proceedings of the com- 
ask that the report be read. 
mittee. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
The committee of thirteen, appointed by order of the 
Senate. of the 20th instant, have agreed upon the töllowintv 
resolution, and report tlje same to thc Senate : 
Resoleed, 'I'hat Lhc committee have not been able to agree 
upon any general plan of adjustment, and report that fact 
to the Senate, together witli the journal of the committee. 
Mr. POWELL* I move that the report and 
the journal of the eommittee be printed. 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. That orderwill 
be rnade, unless objected to. 
Mr. DOUGLAS rose. 
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. The Chairheav,s 
no objection. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rose to say a word on the 
tion which is contained in the report and journal; 
not, at this time, but at as early a perib as pos- 
siblc. The Senate will not meet to-mon 
; and 
I desire that the motion may lic over unti Ved- 
nesday. 
Mr. G MT f N. I will suggest to the Senator 
from lilinois that he had better select some other 
day. There is a special order—the Pacific rail* 
road bill—for that day; and I hopß the Senator 
will not interfere with it. Say Thursday. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. If I had any assurance that 
the Pacific railroad bill could be disposed of in 
one day or two days, I should bc willing to waive 
my remarks for that time; but, from what I have 
learned, I am perfectly satisfied the Senator can- 
not get the Pacific railroad bill through on Wed- 
nesday. 
Mr. G WIN. It is the special order for that 
day. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. But iB the present condition 
of the country, certainly there are other questions 
that will override it. Otherwise, i would not be 
in the way; for the Senator well knows that I have 
always supported every Pacific railroAd bill. 
am certain we cannot get action on it on that day. 
MI'. MASON. Allow me to suggest to the 
Senator to let the or(lct• to print be made, and 
move pro forma to print an additional number of 
copies. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am willing to do that, if 1 
may have the floor on Wednesday to discuss the 
question. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Does the Senator propose 
to mako it a special order for Wednesday? 
IVIr. DOUGLAS. No; 1 to postpone it 
until one o'clock on that day, for the purpose of 
then addressing the Senate. 
Mr. COLLAMER. A special will take 
precedence of it, of course. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 
will be, that the usual number be printed. 
Mr. POW' ELL. r I'lle order is already madc 
that the report and iournal be printed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho question 
on printino• extra numbers will remain over. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 now move that one thou- 
sand extra copies of the report and journal of the 
commiltec be printed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion 
will go to the Committec on Printing, under the 
Mr. POWELL. until Wed- 
Ile.sday, at one o'clock. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be 
considered as the sense of the Senate. unless ob- 
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Ihad honor, some 
days ago, of the Senate a resolution 
which was referred to the committee of thirteen, 
I desire to inquirc whether there was 
I believe. 
I did not move any reter- 
any referencc o L it. 
cnco; and I am not sure, though the committee 
had it under consideration, that there was any ref- 
ere nee. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen- 
ator refer to the joint resolution that hc intro- 
duced ? 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was not 
referred, the Chair is informed. 
Nit. CRITTENDEN. Then, sir, 1 desire to 
'Itho gentle- 
fix some day for its consideration . 
man from Illinois has moved to postpone this re- 
port till Wednesday; and perhaps it would bc 
better—though there can be but littlc hopc that it 
will be discussed on that day—that this should 
accompany that. Tbc one is crermane to the 
move, therefore, that it be madc the spe- 
other. 
Cial order för Wednesday next, at onc o'clock. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques- 
tion will be on taking up the resolution for con- 
sideration. The Senator from Kentc,cky moves 
to take up the joint resolution (S. No. 50) pro- 
posino• certain amendments to tbe Constitution of' 
the United States. 
T hc motion was agreed to. 
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
now' is on postponing the further consideration 
of the resÖlution until Wednesday next, and 
lutions that relate to amendments: to: the •Constie:. 
tntion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICERi The 
will embrace all the resolutions. 
The motion was agreed.tb. 
TERRITORY OF ARIZüMA. 
The Senate, as in Committee of tho- Whole, 
resumed the consideration of the bill" (S; 
365) to provide a temporary government for ntht 
Territory of Arizuma, and to create -the offee df 
surveyor general therein; the pending question, 
being on Mr. TRUMBULL'S• amendment to; the 
amendmentof Mr. BnowN. Mr. BROWN's amend- 
ment was to add as an additionalt seclion:: 
be further enacted,' That the actof the LégiSIåtäVe 
Assembly. df New Mexico,-approved Februåry 3, 
titled An act to provide for the protection of property in 
slaves -in this Territory," be, and the same is hereby, 
extended to, and declared in force in, the Territory ot 
Arizuma, and it shall not be repealed during thO territoriäil 
existence of said Territory. 
Mr. TRUMBULL moved to amend the amendment 
by striking out all after the word. 6' -that," und- 
insertincy: 
The law in respect to African slavery, as -it existed-fq, 
said 'I'erritory at the time of its acquisition from Me*-ico; 
shall remain unchanged until its admission as a State. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on agreeing to the amendment to the amend- 
Is the Senat.c ready for the- question ? 
ment. 
Mr. IVERSON. Let us have the yeas and 
nays upon it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. CRUMBULL. That amendment 1 
lieve pretty fully explains itself. I do not desire 
to occupy the attention of the Senate in making 
any remarks upon it, further than to state that 
i hope it will receive the sanction of this body. 
Here is a reffion of country about to be organized 
into a territorial government, which, at the time 
wc acquired it, was under a law excluding Afri- 
can slavery from it. Now, the question is, when 
it becomes incorporated with this Government, 
without any action of the people there, or any 
desire to have that law changed, whether we 
should not continuc the existing state of thines. 
That is what we propose by this amendmeni— 
that the status of country in respect to Afri- 
can slavery as it was when we acquired it, shall, 
continue. This is not the Wilmot- proviso, to 
exclude slavery; it has been done alrcady; nor is 
it like thc section proposed by the Senator from 
Mississippi, a provision cstablishing slavery 
there; but it is to leave the country in the condi- 
tion in which found it when it x,vas acquired 
Tho amendment explains itself; and as the yeas 
and nays have been ordered upon it, I have no 
desire to take up the time further than to record 
my vote in its favor. 
Mr. GREEN. Senator from Illinois is 
I will not now say, becauseit 
greatly at fault. 
is not necessary, what the law of Mexico was, 
and what the effect of that. law would be afteran- 
nexation; but I do say, that the 
by the Senator from Mississippi is sim-ply to con= 
tinue the existing law over Arizona, Under the 
law of 1850, New Mexico was organized: When 
the Gadsden treaty was made, it was annexed to 
New Mexico and placed under the law of that 
rrorritory. •New Mexico passed the identical law 
that my friend from Mississippi has proposed to 
make tho law of Arizurna. It is the present law 
of Arizona; and when hc proposcs, therefore, to 
Inakc it the permanent law of Arizuma, he pro- 
poses to do no wrong to anybody. He does not 
propose to change the that existed in the 
Gadsden purchase, for that is already changed by 
existing law of New Mexico. There is no 
n)istake about it; and the Scnator fron'i Illinois is 
greatly at fault when he says we propose to change 
a law that existed, and with the people 
were satisfied. The law which the Senator from 
Mississippi proposes to make the permanent law 
is the existing law—the law that nobody can 
change, without competent authority. I thought, 
perhaps, it was unnecessary to propose it, because 
I knew the peoplo Lhcre would have just 
such institutions as they wanted; and therefore 
thought it was unfortunate that my friend -from 
Mississippi offered it; but when he the: 
principle bci•ng right, the law beipg right* I can— 
not vote ao•ainst it. 
qucstion of printing. 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The 
it the special order for one o'clock on that m v friend fiom Illinois. is. greatly at fau.l* 
making 
w hep hc says we are proposing 10 interfcx•ö 
day. 
hear the Senator. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN There arc otker reso- the. people They 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 desire to discuss the ques- 
