212 
THE CON RESSIONAL GLOBE. 
December 31, 
have already submitted to it. We are not talking 
about what the law of Mexico was. 
That is all 
changed and abrogated. When 'sve took the Gads- 
den purchase, which is now proposed to be made 
the Territory of Arizumu, we annexed it to New 
Mexico, and put it under the jurisdiction of New 
Mexico. New Mexico passed the identical law 
that my friend from Mississippi says shall not 
be chancn•d•, and the only question is in regard 
to this phrase, in which [ think my friend from 
Mississippi is wrong—it shall not be changed. I 
think we had better leave it as it is, subject to 
thc control of the peopte of the Territory, under 
the Constitution of the United States, according 
to the principles of the original bill. But to say 
that we are seeking to legislate contrary to the 
original status of the people there, is a rnistakc. 
All of that. has alrcady been changed, and we are 
now compelled to say whether we will leave the 
people there free—I-free as the Constitution per- 
mits them to be—or whether we will, by an ar- 
bitrary act, make it a permanent thing or not. 
I 
I profer to leave the people 
prefer not to do it. 
perfectly free, subject to tl')C Constitution of the 
I understand that Constitution in 
United States. 
a certain way, and others may understand it in 
If there is a difference of opinion as to 
another. 
what that Constitution means, Ict the court decide 
I think it has already decided it; but if' there 
it. 
is doubt upon that point, lot them decide it again, 
and let us have no quarreling. Let us have peace. 
But whether we can do that or not, let us give 
territorial organization to the people, so that they 
may be harmonious, homogeneous, happy, peace- 
able, and prosperous. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, this question 
came up ou Th ursday , and the Senator Croni Louis- 
iana [Mr. BENJAMIN] had the Iloor. 
He was not 
then ready to go on writh his speech. 
repared now to l')rocecd, I will yield the floor. 
do not want to have a vote taken on this 
osition without its fully understood; but I 
will yield to him, if he "desires it. 
ADMISSION OF KANSAS. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the in- 
dulge me one moment? I have no desire t') inter- 
rupt the geri deman from Louisian a in h is speaki n 
but there is a special order madc for onc o'clock 
to-day, and I take it, under our rule, it would be 
the duty of the Chair to cull that up even if the 
gentleman has the floor. That special order is 
the bill for the admission of Kansas. 
I wish an 
order taken in relation to that, so as to preserve 
it in its position, before the gentleman proceeds I 
with his remarks, us presurne he will wal'lt to 
occu py l)eyond that time. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. willing dis- 
position be made of that matter in advance, of 
course. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Let us make itnow, before 
one o 'clock comps. 
Mr. Bl?aqJAMlN. It can be disposed now. 
I am willing to ad(lrcss the Senate now, or nt one 
o 'clock. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Then, sir, by 
consent, I desire 
that thc special order fin• one 
o'clock to-day—the bill for the ad lilission of Kan- 
sas—be postponed until Monday next. , and bc 
made the special order of the day for that day at 
If there be no 
one o 'elock. 
objection, I desire to have that disposition made 
of •the subject- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. be 
objection, the bill will be considered as before the 
Senate, and the question is on post.poningit until 
Monday next, and making it the special order for 
that day at oneåcloci<, 
The motion was agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS TO CONSTITUTION. 
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re- 
sumed the consideration of t.he joint resolution 
(S. No. 48) introduced by Mr. JOHNSON, of 'i'en- 
nessce, proposing amendments to the Constitu- 
tion of the United States. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. when 1 
Cook the floor at our 
last adjouvnrnent I stated 
that I expected to address the Senate to-day in 
reference to the critical issue now before the 
country. had supposed that by this time there 
would have been some official communication to 
the Senate in reference to the fact now known to 
sali of the condition of affairs in South Carolina. 
e, for the purposes of the remarks Mr. President, no man can deny that the words 
I will ass 
that I ha to make, that those facts have been uttered four years and a half ago form a faithful 
communicated, and address myself to picture of the state of things that we see around 
offcia 
nd, Mr. President, probably never has a 
them. 
deliberative assembly been called upon to determ- 
ine a question calculated to awaken a morc sol- 
emn sense of resoonsibilitv than those that now 
address thernselves to our consideration. NV e 
are brought at last, sir, directly forced, to meet 
promptly an issue produced by an irresistible 
course of events whose inevitable results some of 
us, at least, have foreseen for years. Nor, sir, 
have we failed in our duty of warning the Repub- 
licans that they were fast driving us to a point 
where the very instincts of self-preservation would 
impose upon us the certain necessity of separa- 
tion. W c repeated those warninrs with a depth 
of conviction, with an earnestness of assertion 
that insnired the hapo that wre should succeed in 
impartinff at least so file faint assurance of our 
sincerity to those by whose aid alone could the 
crisis be averted. But, sir, our assertions werc 
derided; our were scoffed at; all our 
honest and patriotic eflhrts to save the Constitu- 
tion and the Union sneered at and maligned , as 
dictated, not by love of country, but by base alü- 
bition for place and power. 
Mr. President, it has been justly said that this 
is no tiuue for crimination; 
it is no 
such spirit, but xxvith the simple desire to free my- 
self personally, as a public servant, from all re- 
sponsibility for the present condition of affairs, 
that I desire to recall to the Senate some remarks 
made by rne in debate morc than four years ago, 
us now. Would to God, sir, that I could believe 
, L that the apprehensions of civil war, then plainly 
expressed, were but the vain irnaøinations of a 
timorous spirit. Alas, sir, the feelings and sen- 
timents expressed since the commencement of this 
session, on the opposite side of this floor, almost 
force the belief that a civil war is their desire; 
I and that the day is full near when American citi- 
zens are to meet each other in ,hostile array; and 
when the hands of brothers 111 be reddened with 
the blood of brothers. 
Mr. President, the State of South Carolina, with 
unanimity scarcely with parallel in history, has 
dissolved the union which connects her with the 
other States of the confederacy, and declared her- 
self iridependent. We, the representatives of 
those remaining States, stand here to-day, bound 
either to recognize that independence, or to over- 
throw it; eith-er to permit peaceful secession 
from the confederacy, or to put her down by force 
in which I predicted the precise state of public I 
feeling now, and pointed out the two principal I 
causes that were ccrtair) to produce that state. 
r I'he first was the incessant attack of tbc Repub- 
licmos, not simply on tho interests, but 011 the 
feelings and sensibilities of a high-spirit.ed people 
by the rnost insulting language, and the most of- 
fensive epit bets; the other was (heir fat.al success 
in persuading their that these constant 
acro rcssions could he continued and kept with 
that the South was weak and too 
no danger; 
conscious of weakrwss to dare resistance. Sir, on 
the 2d of May, 1856, after reviewing this subject 
I said: 
at sonle length, 
Nogv, Mr. President. when •.ve sce these two interests 
•r. : the North strugating {Or the possession of a 
con d'*ted— 
pawer to which she has no legit unato elaiun under the Con- 
purpose of abusing that power— 
stitution, for the sole 
South strugglinu for property, honor, satiny—all *hat is dear 
to Inan--teli kne it' the history the world exhibits an ex- 
at' n people oeeupyincr a rnore ennobling attitude than 
the people of the South? vituperation they oppose 
callu 
'l'o Illenaees and threats of violence, and 
reason. 
ill*ulting assumptions of they (I 
(lireet attacks on their rights or the if honor, they appeal 
to the guarantees ofthe Constitution ; : ail(l when those guar- 
au tees shall fail, alid not till then, will t.he injured, outraged 
South tln•nw her sword into the sealc of her rights, and ap- 
peal to the God of battles to do her justice. 
I say her 
btwanse ! arn not one ot- those who believe in the 
possibility of a peaceful d isruption of the I Inion. 
not coxne until all possible 111 eans of conciliation have been 
it cannot ct•nne, until every unary passion shall 
til broth e r I v i n (F 
have been roused • 
iT- cool e 
been converted iii to deadly ht'itft ; and then. sir, 
have 
with Peelings en)bit.tercd the consciousue<S (Jt• iminstiee, 
or passions and inikuncd. dreadläll be the 
in !.eruceine Ivar that nut.st eti*tae. 
l' resident, tunontr what. consider to be 
(lancers; that now is the fact. that the lead- 
ers or t.he Repub\ican part}' at the North 
have succeeded 
the Inasses of tile North that there dan- 
in persuading 
'_l'hey have finally so wrought upon the opinion of 
their people at hollie by the constant iteration of the 
sa:ue false sl,ateane.nts a lid the szune t•alsc 
principles, that 
Lhe of' the North cannot be to believe that the 
South is ia earnest. notwithstanding its calln and resolute 
det.ennination which produees the quiet so 0111 inous evil 
'l'he people of the North are, 
if ever t.he clouds shall burst.. 
danger of dissol ution. 
()ne honor- 
taught to laugh at the 
able Senator is reported to have said, •,vitl) exquisite an 
itv, that the, Sout.ll could not be kicked out of the Union. 
'.l*ho honorable Spnat(jr froin New York says : 
'l'he slaveholders, in spite orall their threats, are bound 
to it by the bonds, and they are bound to it also b}' a 
bOiid pcculiarl?l their o —-(hat of depc•nae.nce i.t. their 
ou•n sgf'cty. 'I'hrcc 'tn.illion. slarcs are hostilc 
war is a! ways the lnost. fearful of war. "The 
without sy-nzpath,i-zes 710th. the serayit.e eneqny. 
Against t hat 
war the Ankerican IJQ1ion is the only deféuse of the siave- 
their only protection. 
son of' madness. recede from that, (Y n io:o, arid provoke t 
tbev svill—soon coine back again.' 
'I'he honorah\e Senator fronk Nfilssachusett.s [Mr. MY 1 L- 
SON] kuduiges in Ille repetition of a figure of rhetoric illat 
eeeliis peculiarly to pieaso his ear and tickle his ',ancy. 
represents tlie southern knother as c\asping her ia fant with 
of arms. That is the issue.. That is the sole 
issue. No artifice can conceal il. No attempts 
by Incn to disguise it from their own consciences, 
and from an excited or alarmed public, can suffice 
to conceal •it. Those attempts are equally futile 
and disinoenuous. As for the attempted distinc- 
tion between coercing a State, and forcing all the 
people of the State, by arms, to yield obedience 
to an authority repudiated by the sovereign will of 
the State, expressed in its most authentic form, 
it is as unsound in principle as it is impossible of' 
practical application. Upon that point, howeverj 
I shall have something to say a little further on. 
If we elevate ourselves, Mr. Prcsidcnt, to the 
height from which we are bound to look in order 
to embrace all the vast consequence that rnust 
result from our decision, we are not permitted to 
ignore the fact that our determination does not 
involve- the State of South Carolina alone. Next 
week, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida, will 
havc declared themselves independent; the week 
after, Geoi•gia; and a little later, Louisiana; soon, 
very soon, to be followed by Cl'e„xas and Arkan- 
I confine myself purposely to these eight 
sas. 
States, because I wish to speak only of those 
whose action we know with positive certainty, 
and wh ich man can for a pretend to 
f designedly exclude others, about 
whose action I feel equally confident, although 
others may raiso a cavil. 
INow, sir, shall we recognize the fact that South 
Carolina has become an independent State, or 
shall we wacye war against her? And first as to 
I do not aeree with those who think 
it idle to discuss that right. In a great crisis like 
this, when the right asserted by a sovereign State 
IS quostioned, a decent respect for the opinions of 
mankind at least requires that those who main- 
tain that right, and mean to act upon it, should 
state the reasons upon which they maintain it. If, 
in the discussion of this question, I shall refer to 
familiar principles, it is not that I deem it at all 
necessary to call the nttention of members here 
but because they naturally full within 
to thern ; 
the scope of rny rnent, which rnight other- 
wise prove unintelligible. 
From the tirne t bat this people declared its in- 
dependence of Great Britain, the right of tbe peo- 
ple to selflgovernment in its fullest and broadest 
extent has been a cardinal principle of American 
liberty. None deny it. 
And in that right, to 
use the language of tbe Declaration itself, is in- 
clude.d the right whenever a form of government 
bccomcs destructive of their interests or their 
safi•ty, " to alter or to abolisl-i it, and to institute 
a new o•overnment, laying its foundation on such 
principles and organizing its po wers in such form 
as to them shall seern most likely to effect (heir 
I admit that thero is a 
safety and happiness. 
principle that modifies this power, to v,.7hicl) I shall 
presently advert; but leaving thal principle for a 
Inoment out of view, I say that there is no other 
modification which , consistently with our libert-v, 
we can adrnit, and that the right of the people of 
ill convention duly assembled, 10 
i one generation, 
alter tho institutions bequeathed by their fathers 
is inherent, inalienable, not susceptible of restric- 
tion; that by the stune power under which one 
Legislature can repeal the act of a former Legisla- 
convulsive and closer era brace, because the biack avenger, 
with uplifted dagger, would be at the door, and hc tells us so can one convention Of the people duly as- 
sembled, repeal the acts of a former convention 
that ig a bond of Union which we date not violate." 
