1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
215 
ern majority in both branches, and of asectional 
were returned in many cases with terms of con- 
my property, and to be there secured by your 
tempt and contumely. They were, therefore, re- 
taws tpainstits loss." You say, no, she has not. 
Now there is this to be said: that right is not put ferred to Mr. Madison itu•thcr consideration 
down in the Constitution in quite so clear terms 
as the right to have tyvo Senators; but it is aright 
which she asserts with the concurrent opinion of 
It is u right x,vhich she asserts 
the entire South. 
with thc concurrent opinion of one third or two 
fifths of your own people interested in refusing 
It is a right that she asserts, at all events, if 
it. 
not in accordance with the decision—as you mav 
say no decision was rendered—in accordance with 
the opinion expressed by the Supreme Court of 
the United States; but yet there is no tribunal 
Is she 
for the assertion of that political right. 
without a remedy under the Constitution ? 
If none is provided, 
not, then what tribunal ? 
then natural law,' and the law" of nations tell you 
that she and she alone, from the very necessity of 
the case, must be the judge of the infraction and 
of the modc and measure of redress. 
This is no novel doctrine; but it is as old as 
the law of nations, coeval in our system with the 
foundation of the Constitution; clearly announced 
over and over agam in our political history. A 
very valued friend from New York did me the 
favor to send me an extract, which he has_writ- 
ten out, from an addrcss delivered by John 
mcy 
Adams before thc Ncx.v York Historical ociety 
in 1839, at the jubilee of the Constitution. His 
language is this: 
Nations acknowledge no judge between them upon 
Inust, in 
earth, and their Governmcnts, from necessity, 
their intercoursc with each other, decide vvhcn the {hilure 
of one party to a contract to pcrförrn it.s obligations absolves 
the other froin the, reciprocal fulfillment of his 0',vn. But 
this last of earthly powers is not necessary to the frced01k) 
or independence of States, connected touct.her by the im- 
'110 
mediate action of the peoplc, of they consist. 
the people alone is there reserved, as well the dissolving 
as the constituent power, and that power can be exercised 
by thein only under the tie of conscience, binding thetn to 
the retributive justice of heaven. 
With these gualifications, we tna.v admit the saine 
right as vested in the people ot• every Slate in the 
with reference to the General Government. which was ex- 
ercised by the people of the United Colonies with retorcncc 
to the supreme head of the British Empire, of which they 
formed a part; and, under these limitations, have the peo 
pie of each State in the r_ini01'i a right to secede from tbc 
"Thus stands the RIGHT. But the indissoluble link of 
union between the people of thc several States or this con- 
federated nation is. after all, not in the right, but in the 
heart. If the day sliould ever come (may néavcn avert it !) 
when the affections of the peop}c of' these Statcg shall be 
alienated from each other ;' when the fraternal spirit shall 
give way to cold indifference, or collisions of interest shall 
fester into hatred, the bands of political will 
not long hold t.o«rctber parties 110 lougor attracted by tho 
magnetistn of conciliated interests and kindly sympat.hies ; 
and far better will it be for the pcoplc of the disunited States 
to part in friendship from cucli other, than to he held to- 
the time 'Or reverting to 
gether by constraint. Then will be 
the precedent, which occurred at the for:nation and adop- 
tion of thc Constitution, to form again a inore perfect 
Union, by dissolving that which could no longer bind, and 
to leave the separated parts to bc reunited by the law of 
political gravitation, to the center." 
I am compelled to refer also, for the purpose of 
completing my argument, to the very fatniliar Vir- 
'I'hcy cannot, 
ginia and Kentucky resolutions. 
however, be too often repeated or held too rever- 
ently in memory. The first, drawn by Mr. Jef- 
ferson, is: 
Resolved, 'I'llat the several States composing the United 
Stat.es of America are not united on the principle of un- 
bv compact, under the style and title ot• a ('onstitution foil 
tlie United States, and of amendinents tbcret.o, they con- 
stituted a General Government för special purposes, dele- 
gated to that Government certain definite powers, rcscrvinc 
each State to itself the residuary mass of right to 
self-government; and that whensoeverthe General Govern- 
rnent asslilnes undelegated powers its acts are unauthori- 
tative, void, and of no force; that to this compact each 
State acceded as a State, and is an integral party ; that this 
Governrnent, created by this conlpact, not made tbc 
exclusive or final judge of the extent of the powers dele- 
gated to itselt; since that would have made its discretion, 
and not the Constitution, the measure of its power; but 
no connnon judge, each party has an equal right to judge 
for itself as well of infractions as of the mode a-nd measure 
of redress." 
These resolutions of Virginia were submitted 
to all the States. They were commented upon; 
they were answered generally wit.h contempt and 
disdain, because the people of the northern States 
never seem to have comprehended that the Statcs 
had any rights at all. They have alsvays gone 
astray in t hc hcrcsv that this was one consol- 
idated G-overnment, governino• subiecls to the 
Fedem_il Government, and not' controlling States, 
and individuals in the States. These resolutions 
and defense, and he produced upon that subject 
the best considered, the most perfect, the most 
compact avrutnent upon the constitutional right.s 
of the States of this Union, that has ever becn de- 
It has never been answered to this day 
livered. 
in any of its positions. No man can answer it. 
The proof is such that conviction is forced home 
upon the mind as by the enunciation of an axiom. 
It has been 
A single passage I desire to quote. 
often quoted, but I must read it again: 
It appears to your eornmittee to be a plain principle, 
founded in c.ozmnon sense, ifiustrated by connnon practice, 
and essential to the nature of compacts, that, where resort 
can be had to no tribunal superior to the authority of the 
parties, the parties thelnselves Illust be the rightful judges- 
in the last res -rt, whether the bargain rnadc has been pur- 
'Dhe Constitution of the United States 
sued or vlolated. 
wras fbrme.d by the sanction of the States, givcn by each 
in its sovereign capacity. It adds to the stability dig- 
well as to the authority, of the Constitution, that 
it rests on this legitimate and solid ibundation. 'l'he States, 
then, being the parties to the constitutional con:pact, and 
in tbcir sovereign capacity, it löllows, of necessity, that 
there can be no tribunal, above their authority, to decide, 
ill the last resort, whether the coinpact made by theti be 
and consequently, that, as the parties to it, they 
violated , 
lnust. themselvcs decide, in the last resort, such questions 
as Illay be of sufficient knagnitudc to require their interpo. 
sition." 
He goes on to state, not limitations upon' the 
power, but considerations in regard to the mode 
of exercising it. He says: 
Tl'he resolution has, accordingly, guardcd against any 
misapprehension of its object, by expressly requiring, for 
subli an interposition, the case of a deliberate, palpable, 
and dangerous breach of the Constitution, by t.hc exercise 
of powers not granted by it.' It be a case not ('f li2ht 
and transient nature, but of a nature danuerous to the great 
purposes iOr thc Constitution was established." 
Mr. Madison, in the debates in the Virginia 
convention, seemed to take it for granted tbatany 
State had a right to secede at any time, without 
any condition or limitation. His later, well-con- 
sidcred report, qualifies that doctrine, as I have 
iust shown; but at the time the debates occurred 
in the Virginia convention about adopting the 
Constitution, it was taken for granted on all sides 
that Virginiå could withdraw whenever she 
pleased; nobody seems to have disputed that. 
After defending the grant of power in relation to 
t.hc militia, Madison said: 
An observation feli from a gentleman on the same side 
attended to. If we be 
dissatisfied iVith thc National Governinent., it we should 
choose to rcnounce it, this is an additional satoguard to our 
defense.' '—Elliot's Debates, vo'. 3, p. 414. 
Apparently taking it for grantcd that any State 
could renounce it when it pleased, and that the 
militia would already be oroanized as a safeguard 
I do not statc this as any partic- 
for its dcfcnsc. 
ularly pertinent authority, but to show the inn- 
pressions that generally prevailed at tho time Of 
the adoption of' the Constitution; but when the 
.q•nestion was subsequently discussed ill 1798 at')d 
; 1799, upon the alicn and sedition laws, not only 
did I'vlr. Madison make this report, but I have a 
reference hore to a letter of Mr. Jefferson, which 
I have not on the table, and which will annex 
to in y speech when printed, showing that hc dc- 
I ibcf•ately cxtunined this whole question, und came 
to the same conclusion. 
But, Mr. President, the President of the United 
States tclks us that he does not a(hnit this right to 
be constitutional; that it is revolutionary. lhave„ 
endeavored thus f'ar to show that it results from 
the nature of' the compact itself; that it must nc- 
ccssariiy be one of those reserved powers which 
not abandoned Ijy it, and.thcrcfore grows out 
of the Constitution, and is not in violation of it. 
If I am asked how I will distinguish t.his from 
revolutionary abuse, the answer is prompt and 
easy. These States, parties to the compact, have 
a right to withdraw from it, by virtue of' its own 
President and Vice President, the Congress Ofthé 
United States then; in the exercise of its 
powers, and the President to back them, éould 
spend the entire revenue of the Confederation-in 
that section which had control, without violating 
the words or the letter of the Constitution; they 
could establish forts, light-houses, arsenals, mage 
azines, and all public buildings of everycharacter 
in the northern States alone, and utterly refuse 
any to the South. The President, with the aid Of 
his sectional appoint all omcevs• of 
the Navy and of the Army,- ail the civil omcers 
of tbc Government, all thc judges, attorneys,-and 
mafshals, all collectors and revenue oficers, all 
postmasters—the whole host of-public offcers he 
might, under the forms and powers vested by the 
Constitution, appoint exclusively from the north- 
ern States, and quarter thcm in the southern St.ates, 
to eat out the substance of our people, and as- 
sume an insulting superiority over them. All 
that might be done in the exercise of admitted 
constitutional. power; and it is just that train of 
evils, of outrages, of wrongs, of oppressions long 
continued, that the Dcclaration of Independence 
says a people preserves the inherént right of 
throwing off by destroying their government by 
I say, thereforc, that I distinguish 
revolution. 
the rights of thc States under the Constitution 
into two classes: one resulting from the nature of 
their bargain; if the bargain is broken by the sis- 
ter States, to consider themselves freed from it on 
thc ground of breach of compact; if the bargain 
be not broken, but thé powers beververtcd to 
their wrong and their oppression, then, wheneyer 
that wroncr and oppression shall become suff- 
I ciently aggravated, the revolutionary right—the 
last inherent right of man to preserve freedom, 
property, and safety—arises, and must be exer- 
•cised, for none other will meet the case. 
But, Mr. PreSident, suppose South Carolina to 
be altogether wrong in her opinion that this com- 
pact has been violated to her prejudice; and that 
she has, therefore, a right to withdraw', take 
that for granted: what then? You still have the 
same issue to meet face to face. You must per- 
mit her to withdraw peace, or you must de- 
clare war. 'That is, you must coerce the State 
itself, or you must permit her to depart in peace. 
Therc is nothing whatever that can render for an 
instant tenable the attempted distinction between 
coercing a State itself, and coercing all- the indi- 
viduals in the manner now proposed. Let me 
read a fcw lines upon that subject. First, Vattel, 
in speaking of States, and Gf their rights, and 
tho rights of their citizens, uses this language; 
Every nation that governs itself, under what form so• 
ever, without dependence on any foreign Power, is a sov- 
Its rights are naturally the same as those of 
ercign State. 
any other State. Such are the n:oral persons who live to, 
gether in a natural society, subject to the law of nations. 
To give a nation a right to makc an immediate figure in 
this grand society, it is sufficient that it be rcallv sovereign 
and independent; that is, that it govern itself 'by its own 
authority and laws." 
Then, he speaks of those qualifications that 
may exist in relation to this sovereignty; and hé 
Several sovcrcign and independcnt Statcs may unite 
thennselves togcthcr by a perpetual confederacy, without 
ceasing to he, cach individually, a perfect State. 'I'hcy will 
togcthet constitute a ii'deral republic: their joint delib- 
erations will not hnpa.ir t.hc sovereignty of each member, 
the excrcisc of it, in virtue of voluntary engagements. A 
. person does not cease to be frcc. and independent when he 
is obliged to fulfill engagennent.s which he has voluntarily 
cOntracted."— La.u_' of Nations, book l, chap. I. 
Here, then, we sec that, under the law of na- 
tions, the State of South Carolina is a sovcreinn 
, Slate, independently of all considerations drawn 
from the language of the Constitution itself, and 
as such is entitled to be treated, and as such has 
a right to protect and shield her citizens from all 
provisions, whc•n those. provisions are violated by I the consequences of obedience to her acts. The 
the other parties to Il'le cotnpact, when either 
powers not granted are usurped, or rights arc re- put to my friend from Virginia [Mr. M AsoN] the 
fused that are especial! y grauted to the States. question what rebellion was, and put it with 
But, sir, there is a large class of powers granted triumphant air, as if he supposed that in case of 
by this Constitution, in the exercise of which a rebellion the laws of war did ,not apply; that then 
discretion is vested in- the General Government, 
and, in the exercise of that discretion, these ad- 
there could bc no independence of. the State of 
powers might be so perverted and abused South Carolina, but a mere rebellion of the body 
as to give cause of ccnnplaint, and finally, to give of its citizens. Suppose it to be so; what does the 
the :ight to revolution; for under those circum- law of nations say in that very case ? 
When a party is formed in a State- who no-longer obey 
stances there would be no other remedy. Now, 
the sovereign, and are possessed of gttfbcient Strength to 
I taking again the supposition of a dominantnorth- 
