1860. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
219 
and he wishes to make his explanation. Hc vol- 
untarily tuakcshimself party defendant and courts 
investigation. Now, bccause one of thc partics in 
the matter chooses to conie forward and make his 
statement., I appeal to the gentleman from Iowa 
to know whether a third person should comc for- 
ward and make his statement here ec parte before 
the House. The gentleman from Iowa himself 
is not presumed by anybody to be implicated in 
this transaction. What he says must be in the 
nature of evidence, or argument. It is time 
to argue the question when the evidence is com- 
ple.tcü. All we want now is testimony. Does 
the fact that a party defendant files his plea' here 
justify the gentleman from Iowa in corning for- 
X.vard as a witness and givinø ec parte testimony? 
Mr. CURTIS. I have not pretended to come 
here as a witness, but I wish to draw the atten- 
tion of the House to facts already in testimony 
before the House and thc country—the facts in 
relation to the making of these contracts with 
these contractors, and the interference by the 
Secretary of -w at' with the proper department for 
t.he purpose ot• Éiving the contracts to thesc men 
whom he favored. I wish to recall the memory 
of this House to the fact, that at that time there 
was a general indignation through the country 
because people bidding for contracts before the 
Quartermaster General were deprived of the 
privilege of concluding their bids, and making 
contracts: because the Secretary found an obso- 
Icte law, which allox,ved hirn to make a contract 
with those men. And in this connection I wish 
to say, that the priccs given to these contraCtors 
were double those which other persons were will- 
It seems to me 
ino- to take the contracts for. 
strange that, before accusations are tnade, or 
charges presented, or an investigation ordered by 
this House, this man should come without au- 
thority of law, as a head of a Department, and 
offer a communication to this House, excusintr 
himself from conduct which ought to be deprc- 
catcd by everybody in this country. I deny that 
I have offcred myself as a witness here; I repu- 
diate any such idea; but I am willing that the facts 
shall go before the committee, where there will be 
an investigation. 
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of privilege. 
By the Constitution of the United States, the Pres- 
ident is the only person permitted to communi- 
cate to this House at will. The Secretary of the 
Treasury, I believe, has been authorized by law 
to send to the House his cslimates. 
I know of 
no law which authorizes any other head of a 
bureau, or Department of the. Government, to 
communicate directlv to this House. 
I simply want to make this statement at this 
time, that our privileges may not hereafter bc in- 
vaded, but do not intend to press the point in this 
case. 
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 to a point of order. The 
gentleman from Pennsylvama has not the floor 
to make a speech, but only to state his point of 
Mr. GROW. That is what I am doing. 
Mr. BOCOCK. It seems to me it is a very long 
point. 
• Mr. GROW. I do not know that thc rules 
confine a member to any particular time in stat- 
ing a point of order. The gentleman himself 
spoke some time, under a calk for the previous 
question, and nobody objected. 
I merely wished to say that, by the Constitu- 
tion, the _ President is the only person permitted 
to communicate to this House at pleasure. The 
heads of Departments communicate to the House 
on call. Hereafter, I shall object to any head of 
Department communicating Lb the House unless 
some law provides forsuch communication. They 
can communicate only through the President. 
Mr. BOCOCK. In the first place, it is entirely 
too late to raise the question, if there was any- 
thing in it; but there is nothing in it'. It has been 
ment until now, that any public offcer implicated I 
in any charge noay ask the House, through the 
Speaker, to order an investigation. And he may 
make his defense. That is all we have now. A II 
offcer in an ilnportan public station asks, th rough 
the Speaker, that he ;nay l)ttvc an it-I vestin•ation 
by, and a bearing before, a committee; and he 
makes his explanation. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair wishes to state 
that, while it is the duty of the President to com- 
municate to this House, it docs not appear to the 
Chair any way improper for a head ofa Depart* 
ment to do so. 
It has been done frequently 
the ceser;t Congress; and therefore the Chair saw 
no objection to rcceiving this communication. 
iMr•. CLEMENS. The gentleman from Penn- 
sylvania [Mr. Gnow] declared he could find no 
law authorizing the Secretary of War to make a 
commui'lication to this House. 
I beg leave to 
refer him to the sixth section of the act of the 21st 
of April, 1808, by which it is expressly provided 
that thc Secretary of War shall have the right to 
makc a cor-mnunieation to this House in regard 
to all contracts madc by him under existing law. I 
This comm.unication relatcs to contracts made by 
thc Secretary of War; and as such, it certainly 
should be received. 
Mr. TT'his cominunic.alion is his dc- 
fense, and does not relatc to his contracts. 
formation in referencc to that point has been serit 
in before. 
The communication was then referred to the 
select committee of five, and ordered to bc printed. 
The SPEAKER also laid before the House 
comrnunication from the Secretary of War, trans- 
mitting a letter from Inspector General Churchill, 
embodying an estimate for the publication of his 
Manual for Parade and Review, for distribution 
to the militia; and recommending an appropria- 
tion for that purpose. 
During tbc reading of the communication, 
Mr. GROW said: Now I rise to a point of or- 
i ask if this communication is in rer,ly to 
der. 
any resolution of the House askinff information ? 
The SPEAKER. The Clerk read it, and 
then thc point will be ascertained. 
Tbc reading of thc communication was then 
finished. 
Mr. GROW. I now ask again if the conn nul- 
nication is in answer to any resolution of the 
I-louse ? 
The SPEAKER. It docs not appear to the 
Chair that it is indispensable that a communica- 
tion from the Secretary of War should be in an- 
swer to any resolution of the House. 'l'.he prac- 
tice has been otherwise, and the Chair thinks it 
is right' 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 that the communica- 
tion be referred to the Cornmittee on Milita ry 
Affairs; and, at the same time, I protest that a 
communication of that kind should go from the 
Secretary of War to the President, and by him 
communicated to this House, and I.)Y nobody else. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 understand the 
munication contains estimates; and if that be so, 
unless it is thc intention of tbc House to send the 
Army bili to the Conunittcc on Military Affairs, 
it ought to be sent to the Committee, of Ways and 
Means. 
The SPEAKER. The Speaker supposed that 
the Committee of Ways and Means would have 
been the proper committee; but as the gentleman 
moved to havc if. referred to thc Committec on 
Military Affairs, the question must be put on that 
motion. 
The communication vvas then referred to the 
Committcc on Military Affairs. 
WINDER S BUILDING. 
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a 
communication from the Secretary of War, [rans- 
mitting a communication from the superintend* 
ent of Winder's Building, embodying an estimate 
for constructincr certain conveniences absolutely 
necessary about said building; which was re- 
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means, 
and ordered to be printed. 
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL. 
The SPEAKER stated that the business first 
in order was the consideration of the Indian ap- 
propriation bilk, on which the main question was 
ordered on Thursday last. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask that that bill bc passed 
over until to-morrow, or thc next day when the 
I desirc to instituto a com- 
House in session. 
parison at tbc Indian bureau. 
Theretbei.ng no objection, it was so ordered. 
Mr. McCL'ERNAND. 1 would inquire what 
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet: on 
Thursday next. 
Mr. BRIGGS. move to amend that* motion 
by striking out f' Thursday "and inserting 
nesday. 
I cannot consent, when- the couiitry.is 
in the midst of revolution, to abandon my pose. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. CRAWFORD'S motlön, as amendéd,:, Was 
then adopted. 
PERPETUITY QE TliE UNION. 
Mr. McKEAN. .1 have a resolution which 
should like to have read, and to lie over under.the 
The SPEAKER. If objection, that 
may be done. 
Several MEMBERS. Let us hear what the res- 
olution is. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
Resolved, That the several -States did not ordain- tind 
establish " this Government; that it was made by the 
PEOPLE of the United order to form a more perr 
fect Union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity; 
provide tur the common defense, promote the general •Wel- 
fare, and secure the blessings of liberty to theinselveg: and 
their posterity that för such purpose the PEOPLE;with- 
drew from their several State governments certain powcrS 
and vest.cd the-an in one General Government, whose Con- 
stitutiou, taws. and treaties, are the supreme law of thé 
anything in the constitution or laws 01' any State 
land," 
to tho contrary notwithstandina that we are not thirtyr 
threc nations, but one nation, made such by the Constitu- 
tion, and kuown to thc world as the American nation ; that 
every nation has the right of self-preservation, the right to 
(letk.•nd itselt• against encrnies from without and traitor3 
that wo believe this nation has the power to 
i'rotn within ; 
do so, and Itiat it is its duty to exercise it. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 cannot conceive thatany 
possible benefit can result to the House or the 
country from the introduction (if these proposi- 
tions at this time; and I must, therefore, object to 
the resolution. 
Mr. McKEAN. 1 ask that the resolution be 
referred to the cnnnnittco of thirty-three. 
Messrs. PRYOR BARKSDALE objected. 
proceeded to call the 
The SPEAKER 
States and Tcrritorics for bills for reference only. 
DUTIES ON IMPORTS. 
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bitl further to 
provido for thc collection of duties on imports; 
which was read a first and second time, and re- 
ferrcd to tho Committec on the Judiciary.. 
.jAC0B DROWN. 
Mr. ALLEN introduced a bill the relief of 
Jacob Brown; which was read a first and second 
time, and referred to the Cornrnotce on Invalid 
is the regular order of business? 
The SPEAKER The call of the states for 
bills and resolutions; and first for bills for retu•- 
Pensions. 
WAGON ROAD IN NEBRASKA. 
Mr. ALDRICH introduced a bill for the con- 
struction of a wagon road in the 'I'erritory of Ne- 
braska; which was read a first and second time, 
and refrrred to the Committee on Territories. 
STATE CONSTITUTION OF UTAH. 
Mr. HOOPER. 1 hold in my hand a memorial 
frorn the people of the Territory of Utah, praying 
to be admitted into the Union as a State, and •ace 
companied by a copy of their constitution. 
move that it be referred to the Committee on Ter- 
ritories, and be printed. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. HOOPER. 1 ask that the memorial may 
bc road. 
Objection was made. 
INDIAN WARS IN OREGON AND WASHINGTON. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, introduced a 
bill granting bounty lands for services in wars 
against the Indian tribes in Oregon and Washing 
ton; which wos read a first. und second time, and 
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. 
FORTS, ETC., AT CHARLESTON. 
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the states 
for resolutions, commencing, w,here the call was 
last left off, with the State of New Jersey. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 
followinc resolution: 
Resolved the House ef Representatiu•es, 'I'hat tho Pres• 
ident be requested r.o commullicate to the House, if 
incolnpatible witli the public interests. the condition of $1re 
public propcrty and about the City 
torts, arsenals, and 
] and port of Char;eston, South ; whether anymoans 
were taken to garrison tt}e'n and the'.n in a detensiblc 
condition arter it beca:ne evident that *out.}) Carolina in- 
tended 10 secede ; what. gnunhcr of troops gaid 
cnce only. 
forts and arsena!s•, and what nu;nbörtherc are lit-jw; whether 
anv ord.crs have been civcn to rein Covee thegarrison ofFort 
ADJOURNMENT OVER. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that when the since the other •iOrt3 llave bccn seized by insur- 
