220 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
31, 
gents, and what orders were given to the officer in com- 
mand relative to surrendering the same to the rebels ; 
whether any vessels or war have been ordered to said port I 
since tbc scizurc of the revenue by the rebellious State. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 object to the rcception of I 
I believe this call is for resolu- 
that resolution, 
tions for reference only. 
The SPEAKER. It is the regular call for 
olutions. 
Mr. BRANCH. Resolutions for reference 
alone, how•ever. 
The SPEAKER. That was so in regard to , 
bills, but not in regard to resolutions. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 move the 
previous question on the passage of the resolu- 
tion. 
Mr. BRANCH. Does the Speaker rule that 
the resolution can be put on its passaee at this 
time ? 
The SPEAKER. That has the practice 
of the House. When the gentleman dcmands the 
previous question, and thereby cuts oil' debate, 
the questi0Y1 can be put upon the resolution. 
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to lay the •resolution 
on the table. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. on that mo- 
tion I can for the yeas and nays. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Let the resolution be read 
again. 
The resolution l.vas again read. 
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from North car- 
olina [Mr. BRANCH] objected to the resolution 
before the previous question was called. 
The SPEAKER. The was held the 
timc by the gentleman froin Pennsylvania. The 
Chair only reco«nizcd the. gentleman froin North 
Carolina out of courtesy. 
I object on another ground. 
Mr. BRANCH. 
The rules of the House require that all resolu- 
tions calling 011 the President or other officers for 
there {'ore 
information shall lie over one day. 
dcmand that, under thc rules of the I-.Lousc, this 
resolution shall lie over onc day. 
The SPEAKER. The, rule is properly stated 
by the gcntlenutn fron'i North Carolina. The 
resolution must. lie over. 
Mr. STEV ENS, Then 1 move 
a suspcnsion of the I'lAles. 
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be, made 
until after the lapse of an hour the reading 
rl*hc motion will be in order after 
of the Journal. 
that. time. 
Mr. S'I'EVENS, of Pennsylvania. Very well, 
sir, will renew the motion. 
AND ARSENALS. 
Mr. McP11ERSON. the, following 
01 ution: 
'.l'hatr the Secretary of War inform the House 
Representatives what. transt'ers of cannon or other rnuni- 
a rsenals or ()t.her 
t.iong war Irave been nrade fro:n the 
tho (Jnited States sinec April l, 1860; to 
depositories of 
been sent. or ordcrcd to be ; 
what points t.hoy have 
to exhibit, the operations oc this departnxent 
lilso, that he 
of service since thc date narned. 
• House sales of rnnskets nr other a rins hav(i, been 
"'hen, to vgho:n, and 
made since the 1st of April 
and whet her 
what price said aruns have been sold, 
lie or private sale. Also. Illat he state the Illnnber and size 
of the cannon. uskQts, and other ann.s in the possession 
of' the (Juitcd States, and where they are deposited. 
I demand that that resolution 
Mr. BRANCH. 
undcr the rule. 
shali also lic over, 
The SPEAKER. r I'he resolution must lic over, 
under the same rule. 
NATIONAL EXPENDITURES. 
Mr. HUGHES. I offer the followintr resolu- 
tion : 
'J' hat. the Secretary of' the be rc- 
quested to report, to this [louse a detailed statmnent of the 
annount of' cxpended by the Government of tbc U ni- 
ted Shates froliR rite adoption of thc Const.it.ntion to the 30th 
1 860, in cach State of the [Jn ion and 'I'erritorics, 
for navy-yards, custotn- houses, court, houses, and other 
public bnildings•, (Or the improvelnent of rivers and bar- 
[he eonst.ruction ot• (Orts and arsenals anci arni0- 
nd, also, the n u bcr of 
acres of the pu lands 
granted to cach of the States and in aid of works 
and, so Car as practicable, thc 
of internal ; 
Inoneyed vakuc ot' the saine at the time the grants wore 
Mr. McPHERSON. lob.ject to the consid- 
oration of thal solution. 
SPEAKER. Under the rule down, 
the resolution Inust, lie over. 
Mr. HUGHES. Then 1 the 
consent of the Elouse to withdraw the resolution. 
There beino• no objection, the resolution was 
withdrawn. 
PRESERVATION OF TilE UNION BY roRCD. 
Mr. PRYOR. I offer the following resolution: 
Resolved, 'Phat any atternpt to preserve the Union be- 
tween the Stat.es of this Confederacy by force would be 
impracticable, and destructive of republican liberty. 
And I demand the previous question on its 
adoption . 
The previous question was seconded. 
Mr. STANTON. I move to lay the resolution 
on the table; and on that motion I call for the 
yeas and nays. 
Mr. HILL. I nnovc that the I-louse do now 
adjourn. My object is to put a stop to all this 
resolution-making business m the House, as it is 
franght with nothing but, mischief. Every res- 
olution on the great subject, in my judgment, is 
un profitable. 
Mr. HINDMAN. we ready to meet this I 
quest.ion. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 desire to ask my col- 
league to withdraw his nM)tion to adjourn, and 
let us take the vote on this resolution now. 
Mr. I-I ILL. No, sir; 1 shall insi.st on my mo- 
and I will endeavor to prevent all other res- 
tion; 
olutions of a like character coming in, either from 
one side or the other. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to say to the 
gentleman from Georgia that, thc previous qucs- 
tion has been already seconded, and that, therc- 
fore, we cannot evade a vote upon it. The mo- 
tion to lay on the table is t.he simplest way to 
dispose of it, if my colleague dcsircs to press it. 
Mr. HILL. I want all resolutions touchino• 
the great question that is agitating the country to 
I do not want the I-louse 
take the course. 
to attempt to dispose of the question by resolu- 
tion. 
Mr. IBING•I-TAN.I. I hope my colleague will 
withdraxv his motion to lay on the table. 
Mr. STANTON. If gentleman from Vir- 
crinia, will pcrrnit me to oflin• a substitute and have 
votc taken on it, I will withdraw the motion to 
lay on the table. 
Mr. MAYNARD. If that motion be with- 
drawn I vvil! renew it. 
Mr. UINDMAN. will 
up and rneet the question dil'éctly. 
r l'hat is what we want. 
been talking 
Mr. HINDMAN. 
through their presses orators about coercino• 
sovcrcio•n States. Now, let them corne up at once 
and meet lhe issue like rner). W c are ready for it. 
Is debate in order? 
A M V.MBER. 
[t is not. The question is 
Tho SPEAKER. 
on the rnotion to adjourn. 
McCLERNÄND. 1 hope the. I-louse will 
that it will not retreat, or refuse to 
not adjourn ; 
meet the question. 
Mr. BARKSDA LE. want to tell the gen- 
from Illinois, that we arc ready to meet it • 
ready to Incet it. here an y w here else. We wilt I 
If f.hc gcntlernan wants it now, let i 
it c,cnne. 
Mr. .VIINDM.AN. Let it como, we are ready 
I-lero is t ho, proper place to meet it. 
to rueet it. 
Mr. McCLF,RNAND. 1 am glad to 
gentlemel'l coincide with me on that point. 
sire that thc question may bc Inet now, and tbc 
rcsoiution voted on. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is debate in or- 
'i' he SPEAKER. It is not. The question is 
on the mot ion to adjourn. 
r INhc question was put; and the I-louse refused 
to adjourn. 
IVIi•. McC,LERNAND. 1 call for the and I 
Verree, Wade, VValton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eilihu 
B. Washburne, Webster, Wilson, and Windom—98. 
NAYS—Messrs, Alley, fl'hoanas L. Anderson, Ashley, 
Avery, Barksdale, Barret, Bocock, Branch, 
Burch, John 
B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Jonn Cochrane, Jtunes Crain 
Crawrord, Curry, Curtis, De Jarnctte. Dunn, Ed\uundson, 
Hardeanan, John 'l'. Harris, 
Florence, Garnett, Gartrell, 
Hindman, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jcmcs, 
James M. Leach, Louan, Love, Elbert S. Martin, McCler- 
nand, McRae, Sydenhalli Moore. Niblaek, Peyton, Pryor, 
Pugh, Riggs, Rust, Scott, Sickles, Singleton, Spinner, 
Thomas, Vallandigham, 
son, and VVri"ht-Z55. 
So the rcsolution was laid on the table. 
Before the vote was announced, 
N'lr. BRANCH stated that his colleagues, 
Messrs. CRAIGE and RUFFIN, were absent from 
the House in consequence of indisposition. 
Mr. DAWES stated that his colleague, Mr. 
DELANO, was detained at his residence-by sick- 
ness. 
Mr. GURLEY said he had paired with Mr. 
BURNETT, who had been called home by serious 
sickness in his family; otllerwise he would vote 
"ay." 
Mr. ETHERIDGE stated that Messrs. Chl.- 
MER and MILLWARD had paired. 
Mr. HOLMAN stated that his colleague, Nell'. 
had paired with Mr. CLARK B. COCH- 
ENGLISH, 
Mr. KUNKEL stated that he had paired with 
Mr. TRAIN, otherwise he would vote twainst lay- 
ing the resolution on the table, and for the res- 
if hc were permitted to vote directly 
olution, 
upon it. 
Mr. LOGAN said he had paired with some 
gentleman upon the other side of the House; he 
Having been re- 
believed "evil l) Mr. THEAKER. 
leased, however, by the friends of the gentleman 
on this question, hc would vote 
no. 
nays upon the motion to lay on the table. 
r.['he yeas and nays ',vere ordered. 
it was decided in 
'I'he question was taken; 
tho aflirmativc—ycas 98, nays 55; as follows: 
Charles Adams, Green Ad- 
Babbitt, Deale, Binghntn, B Blake, 
rain, Aldrich, Allen, 
Bu ton, B u (linga tne Burn b a u), (Jain l)- 
Bra v tot), Bri 
be:lk, Carey, Case, (J'teineus, Colfax, Conkling, Co.x, John 
Ducll, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, 
G. Davis, Dawcs 
Farnsworth, Fenton, Foeter, Fouke, French, Gooch, Grow , 
[latton, ic k, Milk, II o)mtn, 
I I ale, J. Harris, 
William Howard, A. Howard, [ftunphrey, Hutch- 
.Juukin, Francis W. Kellozg, Kenyon. Kiloore. Larra- 
. I *each, Longnecker, Locnnis, Love- 
joy, Marston, Charles I). Martin, NTaynard, AlcKeau, Mc- . 
Laban '.13. 
Ken tv•, M c K ight. Alou t.gcnnery. 
Moore, Joy I'V1cn•ris. N. Morris, Morse, Noel i. 
Pendleton, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Quarles, 
( ) I in, Palin o r, 
Edwin R. Reynolds, Christopher Robinson, James C. Rob- 
inson, Royce, Sherman, Spaulding, Stanton, Stevens, 
Stokbs, Tappan, 'PhÄy•er, Theaker, Vange, Vandever. 
Mr. PUGH said his colleague, Mr. STALL- 
WORTH, was kept from the House by sickness. 
Mr. STOUT said h? had paired with Mr. NI,x- 
ON ; otherwise he would vote to lay the resolution 
on the table. 
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM said that, 
standing this question to involve directly the ques- 
tion of" coercion," he would vote against laying 
on the table. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, said his 
colleague, Mr. POTTER, had paired with Mr. DA- 
us, of Mississippi. 
iMr. HILL said that, having learned that the 
resolution would bo rnodificd if not laid on the 
table, he would, for the present, vote in the nega- 
tive, out of respect to the rnover. 
NIr. I-I. subsequently said that, inasmuch as 
consent. cannot be obtained to modify the resolu- 
tion, he would vote for laying it on the table, 
he would in f'nturc upon all resolutions on the 
same subject coming from individuals. 
Mr. BINGHAM said that, inasmuch as he 
could not havc the opportunity of voting directly 
against the resolution, he would vote for laying 
it on the table. 
The vote was announced as above recorded. 
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the resolution was laid on the table; and 
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
Mr. HILL moved that the House adjourn. 
The motion was disagreed to. 
ENROLLED BILL. 
Nir. THEAKER, the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex- 
amined all)d found truly enrolled a for the 
relief of Lieutenant George L. Hartsuff; when 
thc Speaker signed the same. 
EXPENDITURES IN STATES AND TERRITORIES. 
Mr. HUGHES. The morning hour has, 1 
belicvc, no Av expired. 
It has. 
The SPEAKER. 
Mr. HUGHES. 1 then move to suspend the 
rules to enable rue to offer the followincr resolution : 
Rcsol•eed, ff'hat the Secretarv of the Trcasury be requested 
II to report to this I-louse a detaYiled statement of the atnount 
of monc.y expended by the Govern Inent of States 
adopt.ion of t.hc Constitution to the 20th of June, 
froin the 
1860, cach State of the Union and 'l'erritories, for navy- 
vards, custom -honscs, court-houses, and other puhiic build- 
inas; fov the improvement of rivers and harbors ; for the 
construction of forts, arsenais, and annorios ; and also tlxe 
nulliber of acres of the public lands granted to each of the 
States and 'Perritories in aid ot- works of' internal iEnprovc- 
ment, and. so far as practicable, the moneyed value of the 
same at the time the grants were made. 
