1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBB. 
227 
erab*e, and permanent; where revolution is in its 
nature a fit redress; and where they who adopt it 
as a remedv can do it in the full light of ail- the 
examples or the past; of all the responsibilities of 
the present; of all the unimpassioned judgment 
of the future, and the ultimate determination of 
the supreme Arbiter and Judge of all. Sir, a right 
so exercised is a sacred right. maintain it; and 
I would exercise it. The question recurs: has 
South Cah•olina that right? 
I think the honorable Senator will not deny 
that one of the gravest responsibilities which can 
devolve upon a community or a State is to break 
up an established, peaceful form of government. 
If that be true as an abstract proposition, how 
much more does the truth strike us when we ap- 
ply to the condition in which we found our- 
selves two months ago ? South Carolina proposes 
now, according to the later doctrine, to secede as 
a revolutionary right; as a resistance against in- 
tolerable oppression; as an appeal to arms for the 
maintenance of rights, for the redress of wrongs, 
wheFe the one cannot be maintained and the other 
be redressed otherwise, Now, sir, demand of 
her and of those who defend her, that she should 
stand out in the broad light of history, and de- 
Clare, if not by the Senators that she ought to 
have, on this floor, by those who league with her, 
in what that oppression consists; where that 
injury is inflicted; by whom the blow is struck; 
what weapon is used in the attack? So much, at 
least, we have a right to inquire. After we make 
that inquiry, permit me to add another thing: a 
State claimintr to be sovereicn and a people part 
of a great Government ought to act with deliber- 
ation and dignity; she ought to be able to appeal 
to ail history for kindred cases of intolerable 
oppression, and kindred occasions of mao•nani- 
mous revolution. 
Sir, we are not unacquainted in this Chamber 
with the history of revolutions. We very well 
know that our forefathers rebelled against the 
domination of the house of Stuart. And why? 
The causes are as well known to the world as the 
great struggle by which they maintained the righ t, 
and the great renown which has forever followed 
the deed. When Oliver Cromwell broughta traitor- 
ous, false king, and gave him, "a dim discrowned 
monarch," to the bloclc, he did it by a solemn judg- 
ment in the face of man and in the face of -Heaven, 
avouching the deed on the great doctrine of re volu- 
tionary right; and although a fickle people be- 
frayed his memory—although the traditions of 
monarchy were as yet too strong for the better 
thought ofthe English people—yetstill, now, here, 
to-day, wherever the English languao•e is read, 
wherever that historic glowing story is repeated, 
the hearts of brave and generous men throb when 
the deed is avouched, and justify the act. 
Again : there was a second revolution—the rev- 
olution of 1688; and why? Because a cowardly, 
fanatic, bigoted monarch sought, by the exercise 
'Of a power to be used through the bayonets of 
:standing armies, to repress the spirit and destroy 
the liberties of a free people; because he attempted 
to force upon them a religion alien to their thought 
and to their hope; because he attempted to tram- 
ple under foot all that was sacred in the constitu- 
Zion of English government. 
And, sir, in the history of revolutions thcrc arc 
examples more illustrious still—perhaps the great- 
est of them all, that revoiution which ended in the 
"tablishment of the Dutch Republic. My hon- 
orable and distinguished friend, I know, has read 
the glowing pages of Motley, perhaps the most 
accurate, if not the most brilliant, of American 
historians. I am sure that his heart has throbbed 
with generous enthusiasm as he read the thrilli1V 
pages of that story where a great people, led by 
the heroic house of Orange, pursued, dan- 
ger, through sacrifice, through blood, through the 
dcstruction of property, of hcnnes, of families, and 
the great Indestructible spirit of lib- 
of all but 
erty, the tenor of their way to liberty and great- 
ness and glory at last. Sir, I need not tell him 
the oppression against which they rebelled; that 
the intolerable ty ranny under which they groaned 
was of' itself sufiicient not only to enlist upon their t 
side and in their behalf all the sympt>thies of civ- 
ilized Eli rope then , but the sym Fiathies of the whole 
civilized world as they have read the story since. 
Yet once morc, in tbc full light of these revolu- 
tions, our forefathers rebelled against a tyrant, I 
declaring the causes of the Revolution, proclaim- i 
ing them to the world in an immortal document 
that is familiar to us all. We •recognize the right. 
Why? Because the oppression was intolerable; 
because the tyranny could not be borne; because 
the essential rights belonging to every human 
being were violated, and that continually; and in 
words more eloquent than I could use, Or than I 
have now time to quote, Mr. Jefferson proclaimed 
them to the world, and gave the reasons which 
impelled us to the separation. Sir, I ask the hon- 
orable Senator to bring his record of reasons for 
revolution, bloodshed, and war here to-day, and 
compare them with that document. 
If, then, Mr. President, the controversy is not 
upon the abstract right of secession, nor upon the 
revolutionary right of secession in a case fit and 
proper; but If, at last, it narrows itself down into 
a discussion of the reasons why South Carolina 
is to revolt, I mopose. to enter with a little minute. 
ness of detail' into the history of those reasons. 
I shall find them in several sources: first, chiefest, 
perhaps best, in the speech now before me of the 
Senator from Louisiana; secondly, in the very 
impulsive, very brilliant speech of the honorable 
Senator from Texas, [Mr. WIGFALL;] and, if I 
have time to pursue thc search, perhaps in the 
speech of the excited and excitable Senator from 
Georgia, [Mr. I VERSON.] The gentleman from 
Louisiana says that not devoting very much time 
to the catalogue, and not givirjo• it with any hope 
that it will avert the issue of arms, he will yet 
surgest some of the wrongs and outrages which 
thtit " dreary catalogue" presents, as having hap- 
pened to the State of South Carolina. Befbre he 
does so, however, he says that the wron•s under 
which she groans, the injuries which justify and 
dernand revolution, are to be found chiefly in a 
difference of our construction of the Constitu- 
Sir, is not that a lame and impotent 
tion. 
conclusion?" I was astonished. have known— 
again to quote the words of Mr. Webster—I have 
known, perhaps I may know again shortly, that 
there are cases when the war does not always 
come up to the manifesto; butfrom the seriousness 
with which the distinguished Senator approached 
the subject, I did not expect to find a qualification 
which would destroy the import and force of his 
catalogue altogether. Why, sir, can it be that 
any man in his sober senses will pretend that 
there can be cause for revolution, war, because 
two parties in this Government differ as to their 
construction of onc article in the Federal Consti- 
tution? Can that be so? And yet, in the face 
of carth and Heaven, I recall the fact that. the 
honorable Senator declares that the principal 
causes of grievance are to be found in a difference 
in the construction of one article of the Constitu- 
tion of the United States. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator will pardon 
*ne. I do not think he will find that in anything 
I said. 
Mr. BAKER. Far be it from me to misrepre- 
sent the gentleman. If [ do not find I will 
withdraw what I have said. I quote his words, 
and they were words weli considered, beautifully 
chosen: 
Before, however, making any statement—that state. 
ment to which we have been challenged, and which I shall 
make in but very few words—of the wrongs under which 
the South is now suffering, and för which she seeks redress, 
as the diffculty seems to arise chiefly from n difference in 
our construction of the Constitution, I desire to read 
Something else. Now, sir, f ask him whether 
I am not justified in soying that his main ground 
of complaint in his catalogue of dreary outrages 
and intolerable wrongs, is that that catalogue is 
founded, to use his own words, chiefly upon a 
difference in the construction of the Constitution 
of the United States ? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator will pardon 
He stated that I had said they arose from a 
difference in the construction of one clause of the 
Constitution. 
Mr. BAKER. Well, sir, let it be " two rogues 
in buckram," or seven; the idea is the same. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is it. we have eight 
or ten grievances; because you all construc the 
Constitution on the erroneous principles you have 
announced this mornincy. 
Mr. BAKER. I herc to show that, so far 
as the arøumentu of the gentleman from South 
Carolina concerned , the chief cause of difference 
does not arise as to the construction of one article 
am told that, in the heat 
of the Constitution. 
of debate, said the Senator from South Carolina. 
Sir, if made the miståke, 
of supposmg, with Shakspeare; •thåtz 
A substitute stiihes.:brigbtly ag Wlzing; 
Unless king be by." 
Now, sir, suppose we differed about doZen 
articles of the Constitution: what "then.i- 
the catalogue of•wrorvs, and fid, 
that they must refer themselves prin6ipä-lFj 
Bat suppose there dre more: what Tbei•e. 
are some things that do not appear td Strike the 
honorable Senator- in this connection: For fili- 
stance: does he remember that although he may 
have one construction of the Constitåuon•, arid E' 
may have another, therc is betWéen usasupreme 
arbiter, and that upon every conceivable 
about which We may differ, or have diteré(.l', that 
arbiter has decided always upon one side? To 
begin: there have been debates-in nthiS Chamber, 
arid elsewhere; ag to t.he true construction of that 
clause of theConstitutiozi which requires the ren- 
dition of fugitive slaves. I will use that -term. 
There are very distinguished members:nowupon 
this floor who have argued with- greatgravity and 
wisdom and research and' eloquence, that-it was 
intended that the power of. rendition Should bé 
exercised by States. That question, with ques- 
tions kindred to it, about which any of' uS may 
havc differed, has gone before thc Supreme Court 
of the United States, and has been decided-asainst 
us, or some of us, and in favor of the constitu- 
tionality of the law as it now stands; and We 
have yielded to it, not •a submission, but a better 
word, obedience. 
Is not that true? 
Again, we have differed in late days—and I am 
here to show, directly, how late that difference 
is, and I trustl shall show how ill-considered—as 
to the construction of' the Constitution upon the 
subjectofthe govcrnrncnt of the Territoricg. That 
is not a political question mcrely. That is capa- 
ble of bein« made the subject of a suit in 'law or 
equity, unaer the provisions of the Constitution. 
That has gone before the Supreme Court of the 
United States. There has been, as we all agree, 
a judgmcnt; there has been, asmost here contend, 
a decision; there has been, as everybody admits, 
an opinion. All three have been adverse to us. Is 
there in that any cause of complaint? 
There are the two points; and as the honorable 
Senator asks me questions, I will ask him another 
rs t.here any other cause of complaint, except un- 
der these two clauses of the Constitution, be- 
longirp to the constitutional controversy? The 
fugitive slave law is one, the riffht to take your 
slaves into the rcerritories the other. Are there 
any others? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly, Mr. Presi- 
I thought I enumerated six on Monday. 
If the Scnator will do me the honor to read the 
complaints wliieh I made in behalf of the South, 
he will find them. Then, if those, are not suff- 
cient, I can furnish halfa dozen more. 
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, I may remark 
that those other causes of grievance which, upon 
an occasion so solemn as that presented by the 
Senator the other day, were not mentioned-ih that 
category, were best left unsurnrned. If they were 
notofsuffcicnt importancc to be enumcrated then, 
they ought not to be brought up by way of make- 
weight how. I hold him to Ins record. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Read. 
Mr. BAKER. 1 have now,aslunderstandit, 
presented two main causes of grievance arising, 
as he says, out of defective constitutional con- 
struction ;and, although I see many specifications, 
understand they are all parts of two charges 
arisino out of defective construction upon these 
two points. For ihstance: one of the six charges 
is, that wc slander you. Surely we do not do 
that under the Constitution. We slander you, 
we vilify you, we abuse you, you say. Well, 
(laughter;] 
that is not a constitutional difficultv, 
and if my distinguished friend will look at his 
" dreary catalogue," he will find that, gave the 
two which have mentioned, the remainder are 
but amplification, extension of grievances arising 
outside of the Constitution, from difference of 
sentiment, opinions, morals, or habits, and not 
the cause of constitutional complaint. Therefore 
I arn not answered when he says, Look at my 
I repeat once more, to make it still 
catalogue.' 
that there are but two constitutional 
plainer, 
causes of complaint: one in regard' to then rendi• 
tion of fugitive slaves, the other the government 
of the Territories. The difficulties arise out of 
