228 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 2, 
those two provisions. All the rest are matters of 
sentiment, of opinion, of habit; and of morals, 
which neither Constitutions nor laws can cause 
or cure. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. .Mr. President, Sen- 
ator wants me to answer whether the difficulties 
of which the South complains, and in consequence 
of which she refuses any longer to remain con- 
federated with her sister States at the North, arise 
exclusively from violations of the rights of the 
South in relation to her slave property, answer, 
yes. He may take one, two, three, five, or six, 
clauses of the Constitution; they all come back to 
that single point—your constant, persistent ••,var- 
fare upon our property, instcad of using thc pow- 
ers of the Federal Government to protect, pre- 
serve, and cherish it. 
Mr. BAKER. And thus, Mr. President, after 
questioning and cross-questioning, and cxcrcising 
that power of cross-examination which in courts, 
and I believe elsewhere, we sometimes call the 
test of truth, I bring the Senator, as I understand 
him, at last to agree that when hc says in his 
labored speech the diffculty arises chiefly out of 
a defective construction of the Constitution by us 
Black Republicans, or us people of the North, it 
is to be found upon two subjects: one in relatiorl 
to the fugitive slave question, and the other to the 
government of the Territories. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not simply as to fugitive 
slaves, but all slaves. 
Mr. BAKER. But that is included in this 
question of territorial government, of the Wilmot 
proviso, of the right of the South to take her slaves 
there, und go where she pleases and as she pleases. 
These are the uestions— 
Mr. BENJA%IN. Why, Mr. President, if the 
Senator will look once again at what I said, he 
will find that it does not comprise only a reference 
to such slaves as escape, but he will find that we 
refer constantly and openly in debatc to orcranized 
and persistent efforts on the part of entire bodies 
of people at the North, with the connivance, with 
the sccrct aid of their fellow-citizens, to rob us of 
oar property—II ot sir•npEy not. returnino• such 
slaves as may escape, but organizino• to 
takc away our property and hide it beyond our 
reach, and make the fugitive slave law utterly vul- 
uelcss, even it if was executed, by preventing our 
discoverincr even where a slave is. 
Mr. BAkER. Mr. President, 1 reply to that, 
that is nothing more than brilliant amplification. 
The point that I pross the Senator upon is this— 
he hus no reply to it: have you any other diffl- 
culty with us about constitutional construction 
except upon two subjects? I do not ask you now 
whether you complain thut we rob you of your 
slaves. That is not the point. Do we do it under 
I repeat: take the 
constitutional •construction? 
whole tenor of the spcech, the complaint, the cata- 
it all ends in this: 
logue, thc dreary calaloguc 
that there are dilfin•enc.es of opinion among us of 
sentiment. You complain of our bad morals and 
our bad manners; you say wc rob you; you say 
a cordon free States 
x,ve intend to establish 
persistent in 
around you; you say that •,ve are 
what we do on this point; but at last, in your 
better and your Inorc candid moments, you say 
that the difficulty seems to arise chiefly from a 
differencc in our eonst.ruction of the Constitution. 
I add to that, (and you will not contradict the ad- 
dition,) that it is a differencc in our construction 
of the Constitution upon two subjects—first, the 
rendition of fugitive slaves; second, the govcrn- 
ment of the Territories so as to exclude slavery 
from those Territories by Lhe power either of' the 
General Government or the 'l'erritorial Legisla- 
turc. I think wc arrive clearly at the points to be 
debated between us. 
Now, sir, first, of tho fugitive slave law. What 
is the construction that we trive to the fugitive 
slave law, of which the Senator c,omnlains? I 
have already answered that question. -we did 
in arcument give a construction. were de- 
feateä. The questi0b1 went before the Supreme 
Court. We were overruled. We have obeyed 
that decision loyally ever since. -we have neyer 
seriously endeavored to repeal it; nor have we as I 
a party, nor as a North, endeavored to defeat its 
execution. Nay, if vvre had, that is not within 
the Senator's counts, because he does not say 
that the diffculty arises out of malexecution of I 
the fugitive slavc law; but out of the differences 
of opinion between us as to the construction of the 
Constitution. Here I answer wain, and I will 
quote Mr. Lincoln, about to bc inaugurated as 
President of these United States—a man who seeks 
to make his opinions known in all proper ways 
and upon all proper occasions; a man who, for 
simplicity of purpose , directness of expression , is 
not surpassed in this country; a man whose hon- 
esty has already worthily passed into a proverb. 
You will find in the history of the debates, un- 
surpassed in ability in this country, between the 
distinguished Senator from Illinois, (Mr. DOUG- 
LAS,] and the President elect, that he was asked, 
and for obvious purposes, what his opinion was 
upon this fugitive slave law question, and he re- 
plied; 
Question. desire to know whether Lincoln to-day 
stands, as he did in 1854, in favor of the unconditional re- 
peal of the fugitive slave law ? 
.ßlnswer. do 110t now, nor ever did, stand in favor of 
the unconditional repeal of the fugitive slave 
batcs of Lincoln and Douglas, p. 83. 
Is that clear and distinct? And, sir, I echo 
him, not because he is President, but because he 
l, who want noth- 
is honest and wise and truc. 
incy of him; I, who tun not, and in no sense can 
over be, dependent on him; I reply with him; I, 
as a Senator on this floor, repeating the opinion 
of my constituents, without distinction of party, 
I, too, say that I am not, have not been, never 
will be, in favor of the unconditional repeal of the 
fugitive slave law. 
Again, sir: since the passage of that law, the 
Republican party has sprung into existence. W c 
In one, un- 
have had two politicai campaigns. 
tried, unorganized, without reasonable grounds 
for hope, we astonished ourselves, we astonished 
In the other, gat.h- 
the country, by our strength. 
erin«y together all the irresistible elements of free- 
dom in the North and West, we have gained a 
great political triumph, which we intend to use 
wisely, but which we intend to guard ••.vell. Have 
we, in any platform, in any resolutions, by any 
in any way evinced a disposition to repeal 
bill, 
that fugitive slave law? Do we not, upon all fit 
occasions, say that, though inany of us believc 
it is hard bargain, yet that it is so 
nominated 
in the bond, and we will endure it? 
Now, sn•, when we make t.hesc stat.emonts—we 
have inade them in the canvass; I make 
then) 
deliberately now—what is the reply? [know 
it of old. Why, it is said, " you-r platfbrm 
does not propose to repeal the fugitive slave law, 
there are States which pass personal liberty bills. " 
Will gentlemen listen to our calm, frank, candid 
reply? First, the sense of the whole North is 
opposed to )'lullification, in any way or upon any 
subiect. MT e will yield obedience—and I have 
said that it is better word than submission—to 
any provision of the Constitution of the United 
Slates, as it is construed by the ultimate tribunal. 
They have, as we understand it, declared that law 
to be constitutional, and to that decision we yield. 
If there be, States which have passed laws in vio- 
lation of it, preventive of it, to hinder, to defeat, 
in n) y judgment—and sir, what is 
to delay it, 
of infinitely morc consequence, in the judgment 
of the North and West—those laws ought to bo 
not because South Carolina threatens; 
repealed ; 
not because Louisiana will secede; but, because 
we desire to yield obedience to those hiellest ob- 
ligations, rieht and duty, of which I made men- 
tion in lhc conunence.me,nt ot this arcrurnent. 
the honorable and distinguished gen- 
But, sir, 
tlemai) upon the other side knows very well that 
debate whether 
there is very serious and grave 
those laws ure in any sense unconstitutiona\. We 
are told that sorne of them we rc Inade before the 
sAave law, bearing upon other questions 
arid directed to other objects. We are told that 
the provisions of many of them are provisions 
intended to guard and secure personal liberty, in- 
dependent of any question as to the fugitive slave 
law. Idut whether chat be so to any extent, or to 
what extenq we say that if it shall be proved 
before any cornpetent tribunal, and rnost of au, 
before the Supreme Court of the United States, 
that those laws, or all y of them, in any of their 
provisions, do hinder, deiay, defeat thc exccutlon 
reform it aftogether.• 
Sir, speak- 
of that law, 
ing in my place, with some knowiedae of" the 
R.epnl')lican party, speaking by no authority in 
the world for the President elect, but speaking of 
him because I have known him f'rom my boyhÖod, 
or nearly soy I say that, when the tin-te arrives I 
that he shall b.e inaugurated in this capitai, and 
exercise in the chair of the Chief Magistrate all 
the high responsible duties of that offce, he 
enforce the execution of all the laws of this Gov- 
ernment, whether revenue or fUgitive slave, or 
territorial or otherwise, with the whole integrity 
of his character and the whole power of the Gov- 
ernment. Now, I ask my distinguished ifiend if 
that is not a fair, frank reply to all the objections 
he may make as to differences of construction 
about the fugitive slave law? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator the 
answer now 
Mr. BAKER. Certainly, sir; let the blow 
now. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Itisnot at all satisfactory; 
not in the remotest degree, 
Mr. BAKER. My honorable friend will not 
say that that is a reply. If I were in court, or 
elsewhere, and not in so grave a body as the 
Senate of the United States, I would quote two 
very celebrated lines in reply to that, to the effect 
that those who suffer from the law do not always 
havc a good opinion of it; but I refrain. I repeat 
that, in the judgment of reasonable men, that is 
an answyer, and a fuli and complete answer to the 
objection made against us, that you are going to 
secede because of any difference of opinion be- 
tween us as to the construction of the provisions 
of the Constitution and our duty about the fugitive 
slave law. 
There are some other observations with which 
I be(T leave to detain the Senate, however, upon 
that subject. That can scarcely be considered one 
of the objcctions; first because the State of South 
Carolina, herself, through her only authorized 
expositor, the Charleston Mercury, declares and 
has declared that she believes the fugitive slave 
law to be unconstitutional anyhow. One of the 
most distinguished of her sons, Mr. Rhett, repeats 
and emphasizes the same remark. A distinguished 
gentleman, the Senator from Georgia, lately oc- 
cupying the chair, not now in it, [Mr. IVERSON,] 
has said lately upon this floor that the South does 
not complain of any construction which the North 
gives to that law; nay, more, that the law is well 
rnade, carefully guarded, just to the South, and 
so far as the Federal Government is concerned', 
properly executcd. 
Now, sir, can that bc the ground of complaint, 
about which South Carolina is o•oing out? Will 
slie separate the bonds that have bound us to- 
gether for morc than seventy years, because she 
does not think that wre quite perfectly obey a law 
which she, herself, in the person of her most dis- 
tinguished servants, declares to be unconstitu- 
tional? Not so, sir. Or will Georgia follow the 
illustrious example of South Carolina, and desert 
the Republic, when her representative on this 
floor declares that upon that subject the North 
performs all its obligations? These are questions 
which I leave to their honor and their dignity to 
decide. 
Again , sir, the distinguished Senator from Lou is- 
iana points out in the dreary catalogue, (and, as 
hold, it is the chief cause of complaint,) the con- 
straction which the North gives to the Consl.itu- 
tion on the subject of the government of the 'Ter- 
ritories; and the first, or if not the first in that 
exact charge, first in the general charge—and I 
will meet it here and now—is that we persistently 
refuse to consider, or in other and perhaps better 
words, that wre deny, that slaves arc property. 
Now that is a very serious ground of conop\aint. 
It is very persistently liladc. It is very frequently 
repeated. Nay, morc, I do bc]icvc that there are 
people who are firmly convinced that that is true; 
but the honorable Senator from Louisiana ought 
I believe I. do not mis- 
not to be one of them. 
quote you, sir. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Docs the Senator deny that 
that is thc prov)osition manltamed 
BAKER. i do, sir. 
Mr. BEINJAiMiN. That is precisely the prop- 
osition your side of the house voted down our 
committee. They refused to vote that slaves were 
property. They voted ao•ainst it. 
Mr. GA KER. I will meet that directly. 
not meet ic at this moment, it in sonh? 
w Ise breaks the iine of thought l.hat I intend to 
pursue; but if before I close, I fail to allude to it, 
shall be obliged to the courtesy of the Senator 
fiom Louisiana to remind me of it again. 
N•lr. 'Webster, a. great authority, in a speech 
which hc dcåvered upon the bill creating the Ter- 
