230 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 2, 
refer myself entirely to its judgment, not holding of course, no interest whatever in it. 
If it is the 
to ådjourn cannot be debated. The Chair, how- 
it a matter of complaint if thcy should not. deem wish of the Senate to go into executive session, 
II I have no objection. 
ever, will hear a suggestion. 
it fit. to hear me at all. 
Mr. POLK. I merely wish to suggest that it 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, if it be understood 
will be probably better to have an executive ses- 
Sion. 
Mr. KING. Thero is no objection to that. 
Mr. POLK. A message has just come in from 
the President. 
Mr. KING. Then I will withdraw the mo- 
tion to adjourn, and move to go into executive 
session. 
'ithePRESIDING OFFICER. The motiofi to 
adjourn is withdrawn, and the Senator from New 
York moves that the Senate proceed to the con- 
sideration of executive business. That is the 
question now before the Senate. 
SURRENDER OF PROPERTY TO THE STATES. 
Mr. DAVIS. motion isput,/should 
like to oflö:• a resolution, which can be read for 
information, and laid on the ta ble. 
r I'hc Chair 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 
hears no objection. T hc resolution will be road. 
The Secretary read it the first time. It is en- 
titled "A joint resolution (S. .No. 53) in relation to 
the militia of the States, the condition of tbc forts, 
magazines, arsenals, and dock-yards, military 
power, withdrawal of troops from garrisons on 
the.application of a State, and the récognition of 
the right of State to keep troops and ships of 
war by proclamation of the, President. " 
Mr. KING. The Senator proposes, as I un- 
derstand, to let that resolution lie over. 
Mr. DAVIS. That pi•inted, and lie on 
the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will bc 
understood as the sense of the Senate, unless 
objected to. 
The resolution was ordered to lic on the table, 
and be printed. 
ADJOURNMENT. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
now recurs on thc motion of the Senator from 
York, that 
the Senate proceed to the con- 
sideration of executive business. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. desire simply to say 
that I do not like to do anything discourteous to 
the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. BAKER ; ] but when 
the Senator frolü Illinois [Mr. DOUGLAS] left an 
I suppose there is 
hour since, he said to me 
a distinct understanding illat I am to have the 
I told him I so regarded it. 
floor toemorrow ? 
Well," said he, 
hope nothing will occur to 
prevent my occupying it." 
shall not consent, 
therefore, or at least I think it is not ji.1St to him, 
to agree to this motion. 
I think, after havincr 
given up thc floor to-day, he should not bc pre- 
vented from occupying it to-morrow. If thero 
can be an understanding that the Senator from 
Oregon will finish the day after to-morrow, I will 
very cheerfully agree to it. 
Mr. LATHAM. is day. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. well, the day when the 
Senate next meets. 
Mr. KILNG. . I apprehcnd there will be no dif- 
ficulty upon the part of' the Senator froin Illinois, 
Frorn conversution which I have 
who is abscnt. 
heard, that is my opinion. The Senator from 
Oregon wili occupy but an hour, leaving the resi- 
due of the day to the Senat.or from Illinois. 
ig very possible that the Senator from Illinois will 
desire more time than a single day. If so, I shall 
be willing to give it to IlilN. Lct this discussion 
go on. I arn sorry to sce gentlemen on the other 
side so sensitive. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. There is no disposition 
on this side of the Senatc to avoid hearing either 
the Senator from New York, or his friend; but as 
a matter of common justice to the Senator frorn 
Illinois, who had the iloor to-day , as he supposed , 
and who yielded it with a distinct uridorst,anding 
of the Senate that he could occupy it to-morrow, 
I make this statement. My vote will be in ac- 
cordance with that understanding. 
Mr. BAKER. sure, if the senate 
think proper to indulge me until to-morrow, in the 
courtesy to which L have, perhaps, very little 
claim, that I can finish all I propose to say, as 
fuliy as it is in my power to do, in about an hour. 
I do not believe that my distinguished friend from 
Illinois, not now present, will make any objec- 
tion to that. But, professing myself quite igno- 
rant of the rules of the Senate and of the manner 
that the Senator from Illinois is entitled to the 
floor to-morrow, I have no objection if he volun- 
tarily yields the floor to the Sénator Oregon. 
I have no more interest in the speech of one than 
of the other; but, as I happen to sit next the Sen- 
ator from Illinois, and he made this statement to 
me, I felt it due to him that I should give it to the 
Senate. 
Mr. KING. No such understanding, of course, 
can exist. I apprehend that the Senator from Illi- 
nois will not havc the slightest objection to the 
Senator from Oregon completing what he has to 
sav to-morrow. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on thc motion to proceed to the consideration 
of executive business. 
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on 
a division—ayes 21, nocs 22. 
Mr. KING. made the motion to go into ex- 
ecutive session on the suggestion of gentlemen on 
the other side. I will nov,r renew the motion that 
tbc Senate adjourn. 
Mr. TRUNIBULL. 1 hope not. 
I will ask 
my friend to withdraw it. I desire to renew the 
motion to go into executive session. 
Mr. KING. For that purpose 1 yield. 
The, PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
understands the Senator from Illinois to renew 
the motion for an executive session. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; do 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 hope 1 may be allowed 
a single word. I cannot believc that «yentlerncn 
on the other side will so far depart from the uni- 
forni custom o? the Senate, as to dcny to a new 
Senator, who says he has spoken untll hc is ox- 
hausted, and has no longer the physical power to 
continue, the opportunity to continue his speech 
to-rnorrow; for that is the simple question. 
Mr. DAVIS. What is the question ? 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question is, whether 
we shall go into executive session; the reason 
being that the Senator who now occupies the floor 
says hc is unable to proceed from exhaustion. 
Mr. DAVIS. Let him go on to-morrow. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ündoubtedly. Thut is 
the reason why the motion is made; but it is said 
he cannot continue to-morrow. 
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the Senator from 
North Carolina to put in a claim for thc Senator 
from Illinois. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly. 
Mr. DAVIS. I am very sure that the Senator 
from Illinois would waive any claim to thc floor 
under the circumstances. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what 1 
was about to say. 
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator is unable to go 
on, I do not suppose there will be any objection 
to an adjournment. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion was made 
with that view, and I was about to obscrvc 
Mr. DAVIS. 1 did 'near 
I am sure my friends here, if they 
did not vote. 
have voted the proposition down, 
(for I did not 
even observe. that,) could not have understood 
that the Senat.or frorn Oregon said he was ex- 
hausted, aud unable to go on. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 trust not. 
I presume 
they could not have understood it. 
Mr. IVIASON. Will thc Senator indulge me a 
momcnt? The motion was made to go into ex- 
ecutive session, and it was overruled. I think the 
Senator is wrono• if he interprets that negative 
vote to anv intimation of a purpose not to hear 
the Senator frorn Oregon. There aro other rea- 
sons, perhaps, for not. goinffintoexoc.utive session. journlnont, will vote for it. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. willing vote 
Shail be taken without further rctnark. 
about to say, when the Senator from Mississippi 
interrupted me the purpose of explanation, 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainlv we have no 
objection. 
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, I move that the 
Senate adjourn. 
Mr. LANE. Oh, no; Ict us go into executive 
session . 
Several SENATORS. Let us have an executive 
session. 
Mr. POLK. I prefer to let the vote be taken 
on the motion to adjourn. 
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 ask for the ycasand nays. 
The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to. 
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 ask for a division on that 
motion. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now 1 the motion 
to go into executive session. There is a commu- 
nication from the President. Lct us know what 
Mr. SLIDELL. I called for the yeas aud nays 
011 the motion to adjourn . 
Mr. LANE. I Will remind the Chair tllat the 
Senator from Louisiana called for a division on 
the motion to adjourn, and the quest.ion wns not 
decided so as to make it certain. I hope we shall 
have a division, to sce whether the Senate is not 
inclined to adjourn. 
.Nffr. SEWARD. Lot us have the question on 
the motion to adjourn by yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair had 
decided tiltu question. He certainly did not hear 
the Senator from Louisiana. 
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 think 1 appealed in tilne. 
It is a matter of perfect indifference to me. I ask 
for the yeas and nays on the question of' goincr 
into executive session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator ask for the yeas and nays on the motion to 
adjourn, or to go into executive session ? 
'Mr. SLIDELL. On the question of adjourn- 
I am perfectly willing to have the vote 
taken on that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
will entertain that -call on the question of ad- 
journmcnt. 
The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
The question being put, there were, on a divis- 
ion—ayes twent -four. 
I Mr. SEWARb. What is question? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the motion 
to adjourn. 
Mi•. SEWARD. 1 thought it was for 
the ycas and nays e 
I rose for the-purpose of 
seconding the demand for the yeas and nays. I 
beg not to be counted. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un- 
dcrstood the Senator from Louisiana to call far 
the yeas and nays. Thcy were not ordered. He 
then called for a division, and the Chair accord- 
ingly is making the division on the motion to 
adjourn. 
'Mr. SEWARD. Let us have the question over 
It is not understood. I thought it was a 
call for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
state the question. It is moved that the Senate 
do now adjou rn. 
Mr. SEWARD. on that question, 1 ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the motion 
to adjourn, 
the yeas and nays are called for. 
'Ilie yeas and navs werc ordered. 
Mr. BROWN. "Before the vote is taken, 1 de- 
sirc to ask the Senator from: Oregon, whcthcr he 
dcsires an adjournment; because that will control 
IF t hc Senator himself desires an ad- 
BAKER. If my wish were consulted, 
(and 1 am under great obligations to the gentlc- 
man for offering to consult, it,) I. would desire to 
bc allowed a reasonable time within the habit of 
in which debate has been hitherto conducted, I the Chamber. The Senate can settle it. I have, 
that from my acquaintance with the ordinary the Senate to conclude what I may have to suy 
courtesy and sentiments of the honorable Senator 
t o-morro w. 
from Illinois, I am sore that, for the sake of speak- 
N.fr. BROWN. very well. 
inr an hour earlier or later, hc would not compel 
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator has stated that he 
his friend to speak when he is exhausted to-night. 
was exhausted, and I suppose there wiil be no 
Mr. CLINGMAN. beg leave simply to say 
question about letting him have more time. 
that r have no feeling or wish in the matter. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish to have this matter 
made the statement which I did at the 
I believe it is now at't•ced 
perfect) y understood. 
of the Senator from Illinois, as he was leavincy 
on both sides that the Senator froin Oregon may 
li finish his remarks to-morrow. This vote, there- 
