1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
231 
fore, on adjourning, is a question really between morial has been received, and I have moved to 
adjourning and going into executive session, and i refer it to a special committee of five. 
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. 
It was not 
not with rcference to that; and if we vote against 
I waited to hear it read. 
adjournment, it is simply s.vith a view to go into received. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylv*nia. 1 hope the 
executive session, and not with reference to that 
gentleman will allow it to be received; and move 
question. Let that be understood. 
to lay it upon the table 
Mr. KING. Asl made the motion for exec- 
utive session, I desire to state that-an important 
message has been received' from the President. 
The question being taken by yeas and nays on 
the motion to adjourn, resulted—yeas 27, nays 
23; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bragg, Brown, Clingman, 
Crittenden, Davis, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gwin, Hemphill, 
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of 'Ilen- 
nessee, Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Polk, 
Rice, Sebastian, Slidell, 'I'hoxnson, 'l'oornbs, Wigfall, and 
Yulee—27. 
NAYS—Messrs. Bigler, Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Col- 
laxner, Dixon, Doolittle, T)lltkee, Fessenden, Foot, Grimes, 
Harlan, King, Latham, Powell, Seward, Sitnmons, Sunx- 
ner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wiikinson, and Wilson 
—23. 
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
WEDNESDAY, Junuary 2, 1861. 
The House met at twel_ve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
The Journal of Monday last was read and 
approved. 
POST OFFICE ESTIMATES. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House a communication from the Post 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 have no 
objection to the reception of the memorial, but •I 
object to the proposition of the gentleman who 
presents it. 
The SPEAKER. The objection is to the ref- 
erence. to a select committee of five. Is there any 
ob'ection to the reception of the memorial? 
{ft. STEVENS,0f Pennsylvania. 1 to 
ley it upon the table. 
Mr. MAY NARD. I ask for the yeas and nays 
on that motion. 
I have no 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
objection to its referencc to the committee of thir- 
ty-three. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvama. Well, sir, 
as a great many gentlemen around me are anxious 
that the memorial shall be referred to the com- 
mittee of incubation, I will withdraw my motion 
to lay it upon the table. [Laughter.] 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 object to the withdrawal 
of the motion. I want to vote •upon it. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn- 
sylvania has a right to withdraw his moiion. 
Mr. KILGORE. I move that the memorial be 
referred to the committee of thirty-three. 
Mr. STRATTON. 1 accept that motion in 
lieu of my own. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. JOI-IN COCHRANE. 1 move, as an 
amendment to that, that the memorial be commit- 
ted with special instructions to report upon the 
proposition specifically. 
IVIr. WASHBURNE,0f111inois. That motion 
is not in order. 
The SPEAKER. The memorial has been 
referred to the committee of thirty-three, and the 
gentleman from New York now moves that it be 
with special instructions to report upon the sub- 
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. That motion 
It is equivalent to the introduc- 
is not in order. 
tion of a resolution, and can only be done by 
unanimous congcnt. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 desire to ask if this is 
the memorial of the Legislature of the State of 
New Jersey? 
it is a memorial 
The SPEAKER. No, 
directly from the people of the city of Newark, 
in my district, in the State of New Jersey, and 
my colleague did me the favor to present it. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 thought it was from 
the LeTislature of the State, and I never knew 
the rea ing of such memorial to be refused. 
The SPEAKER. The memorial has been read, 
and the question now is on the motion of the gen- 
tleman from New York. 
I raise the 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
question of order, that that motion is in the na- 
ture of a resolution, and can only be entertained 
by unanimous consent. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 take it that the 
motion to refer to the committee had been re- 
ceived. It was thon properly before the House, 
and in order; and being in order, it was compe- 
tent to amend the motion as proposed by my- 
Mr. GROW. Tl'he House had referred the me- 
CLARK, of Missouri. 1 desire 
the chairman of tbevcommittee of thirty-threø,-or 
any member of that- Committee pi'és- 
ent, to Communicate td the House; whether?théy 
are likely to be able to report soon upon the sub. 
jects heretofore referred to them.- •the-com• 
mittoe have not yet proceeded far enough' in their' 
deliberations to enable them to report upon the 
subjects already referred to them, so- as, to: give 
repose to the Country, •I shall' object to referring 
any other matters to them. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. If debate is not in order, I 
object; and call for thb regular order of business. 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. 
CLAIM •OF GEORGE FISHER, PECEASBD. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House a communication from the *cé- 
retary of the r i'reasury, in answer to a resolution 
of the House of December 18, 1860, and furnish- 
ing copies of the decisions of -the Secretary •of 
War relating to the claim of George Fisher, de- 
ceased; which •svas referred to the Committee on 
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed. 
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS or CONGRESS. 
Mr. STOKES. I hold in my hand a resolu- 
tion which I desire to have referred to the Com- 
mittee of Ways and Means. 
The resolution was read, as follows: 
Resolved, 'l'hat the Committee of Ways and Means be, 
aud they are hereby, instructed to report to this House a 
bill referred to them repeating the act ot• 1856, regulating 
the compensation of members of Congress. 
Office Department, transmitting the estimates of 
the Post Offce Department for the year ending 
June 30, 1862; which were referred to the Com- 
mittce of Ways and Means, and ordered to be I 
prin ted. 
NEW MEMBER. 
Mr. FRENCH. I-Ion. STEPIIE,N COBURN, Rep- 
resentative elect from the fifth concrressional dis- 
trict of Maine, in the place of Hon. Ksrael Wash- 
burn , jr., resigned, is now present, and I ask that 
ho be sworn. 
Mr. COBURN thereupon appeared, and qualified 
by taking the oath to support the Constitution. 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. STRATTON. I desire to present a me- 
morial from the city of Newark; in the fift.h con- 
gressional district of the State of New Jersey— 
district represented by the Speaker of the 
House. Th is memorial relates to the state of the 
country. I know many of those whose names 
are appended to the memorial, and i know that 
they consist of the most influential men of the city 
I ask that the memorial be read, and 
of Newark. 
referred to u select committee of five; and on that 
Mr. JONES. The memorial is to be read fot 
information before it is received. 
The SPEAKER. It will be read for informa- 
lion only. 
Mr. JONES. I want to hear what it is before 
I consent to its reception. 
The Clerk read the memorial, as follows: 
Memorial to Congress for a Nationai Convention. 
Wherea.s the Republic is in danger and the very exist- 
enc.c of the Federat Government irnperiled ; and whereas 
the people" did ordain and establish the Constitution" 
for the United States of America, and are bound to pre- 
ple of the State of New Jersey, without regard to past polit- 
ical or party attachments, appealing to the patriotism o? the 
country, and calling upon our fel tow-citizens throughout the 
land to aid and support us by prompt action and with sim- 
iiar memorials, do hereby request Congress to pass a joint 
resolution at once, reconnnending the people of the sev- 
era! States, acting through their Governors or Legislatures, 
or in such tnanncr as they shall think proper, to hold conven- 
lions of the patriotic citizens of the Union on the 22d day 
of February next, to appoint delegates, equal in number to 
their representation in Congress, to a national convention 
at Independence Hall, Philadelphia, on the 4th of March 
following, to promote the general welfare" and to devise 
harrnony, and secure to each State and section of the Union 
those rights, privileges, and immunities, to which they are 
justly entitled. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has that 
men)orial been received? 
The SPEAKER. No, sir. 
Mr. TYVASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then 0b- 
I am satisfied with the pres- 
ject. to its reception. 
ent Constitution. 
Mr. S'I'RATTON, I understand that the me- 
morial, and thereforc it was beyond the reach of 
the House. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the 
gentleman from New York, that the objection to 
the reception of tl'ie rnemorial was waived, with 
the understanding that it should be referred gen- 
erally to the, committee of thirty-three. 
Mr. GROW. The objection was withdrawn 
with that understanding. 
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will not en- 
tertain the motion of the gentleman from New 
York. 
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 beg to present to the 
House the proceedings of a Union jneeting• held 
at Trenton, New Jersey, Of! the 11th of]astmontb. 
I i move that those proceedin«ys be referred to the 
comtnittee of thirty-ti-n•ec. 
'1' here be i l')g no o ect.ion , it was so ordered . 
MI'. SI--IERN'IAN. I call for the regular order 
of business. 
The resolution was referred, without objection , 
to the Committee of Ways and Means. 
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS. 
Mr. 1-1ffYVARD, of Ohio, asked and obtained 
leave to withdraw the papers filed before the 
Committee on Invalid Pensions, to obtain an inva- 
lid pension for Benjamin Yates, and have them 
referred back to the Pension Office, fi•orn whence 
they were withdrawn and referred to the com- 
mittee. 
Mr. HOARD asked and obtained leave to with- 
draw from the files of the House the petition and 
papers of the widow of Dr. Amasa Trowbridge. 
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now call for the regular 
order of business. 
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of 
business to be the consideration of the bill making 
appropriations for the current and contingent ex- 
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfill- 
Ing treaty stipulations with various Indtan tribes 
for the year ending June 30, 1862. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire to state that, on a 
careful comparison of the printed bill with the 
enrolled bill, I find that some clerical errors have 
been made in printing it. I now offer as an amend- 
mentthe engrossed bill. There were clerical errors 
in the description of statütes in the bill as it was 
reported from the Committee of the Wholeon the 
state of the Union. 
The amendment wag agreed to. 
The bill, as amended, was ordercd to be en- 
grossed and read a third time; and being en- 
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time. 
The bill was then passed. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
lav the motion to reconsider upon the table. 
•The latter motion was agreed to. 
POST ROUTE BILL. 
Mr. COLFAX. There were a number of 
amendments of a legislative character made by 
the Senate to the post route bill at the close of 
the last session. I desire that an order be made to 
print those amendments, toqether with an amend- 
ment proposed by the Committee on the Post 
Offce and Post Roads, so that gentlemen may 
have an opportunity to see them before they are 
called upon to vote. 
There being no objection, it was so ordered. 
ENFORCEMENT OF THE LAWS. 
The SPEAKER stated the next business in 
order to be the consideration of the following res- 
olution, introduced on Monday, by Mr. DAY1s, 
I of Indiana: 
Whereas a convention of delegates; chosen by the 
. people of the State ot• South to wit, on 
