234 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 2, 
The question now proposed by the gentleman 
from Ohio is, that upon a leave granted to the 
gentleman from Indiana—upon a privilege exer- 
cised by the gentleman from Indiana, and which 
he has renounced altogether by withdrawing his 
resolution—he (the gentleman from Ohio) shall 
be enabled to bring a new subject before the 
In the case alluded to, the subject was 
House. 
before the House. Now there is no subject be- 
fore the House. And the gentleman from Ohio 
cannot, in all the records of Congress, find one 
case where it was permitted to a member who 
had not asked a suspension of the rules to bring 
any distinct proposition before the House not 
already before it. And especially is the gentleman 
from Ohic wrong when hc wishes to bring one 
question before the House with the view of get- 
tnncr an entirely different one acted upon. As it 
is, K hold his motion to be out of order. 
Mr. GOOCH. This seems to me, Mr. Speaker, 
to be a very plain question— 
Mr. BOCOCK. I hope the gentleman from 
There is another 
Massachusetts will allow me. 
point that I would like to suggest in connection 
with the rernarks I havc already submitted. It 
may be that there were considerations influencin« 
and controlling the Chair when the rules were sus- 
pended which have no application to the decision 
which it is his duty now to make. You will ob- 
serve that the motion was made and agreed to for 
a suspension of the rules on a day when it was in 
In tkie case referred 
order to suspend the rules. 
to a gentleman moved to suspend the rules with 
a view to submit a motion to lay upon the table. 
That was withdrawn, and it was in ordcrforuny 
gentleman ao•ain to move a suspension of the rules 
in order to (yet in a motion t') lay upon the table. 
That is not the case here. The gentleman from 
Indiana, on a day when the motion was in order, 
moved to suspend the rules, and, under the ope 
ration of a suspension of the rules, submitted a 
In the exercisc ofthe privilege cra•an ted 
resolution. 
to h un under that suspension of the rules, he 
cornes forward and withdral.vs his resolution. ' r he 
gentlernan from Ohio, on a duy when it is not in 
order to suspend the rules, seeks to accmnplish a 
suspension of the rules. In that view, then, the 
precedent whicl'l has been cited and read fron'l the 
Clerk's table does not apply. I hold thatiÜis not 
in order for the gentleman from Ohio to subinit 
the resolution. 
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Speaker, the 
gent,lcrnan from Virginia to say that, in the case 
which has been referred to, the subject-rnattcr -was 
If the subject was 
pending before the House. 
before thc House, why was a suspension of thc 
in order to reach it? 
rules ncccssnr 
Mr. BOC08K. 'I'he suspension was moved 
order to enable a motion to lay upon the table to 
be nitride. 
which that precedent has been reversed? His is If the Chair desires to hear further debate, cer- 
not the way to meet the question. The decision tainly I shall not interpose; but unless he does, 
has once been made and sustained as the decision 
of the House; and it is of authority as a prece- 
dent, unless the gentleman can show that at a sub- 
sequent period the House reversed it. 
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not take the floor to 
speak again on the point, but only to respond to 
the gentleman from Massachusetts, that it has 
fallen within my experience frequently to see 
propositions thus introduced and withdrawn, and 
i do not remember that any one thought enough 
of that old precedent to bring it forward and make 
a• question on it until the honorable gentleman 
from Ohio brought it up this morning in the exer- 
cisc of his ingenuity. 
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman knows very 
well, when a member asks for a suspension of 
the rules, that it is usually because he has a par- 
ticular object to accomplish—he desires to get a 
vote of' the House on a particular proposition. 
If ho withdraws it, it is usually the case that 
nobody else cares for the matter and lets it pass 
over. That is not the case herc. The House 
wants to act on the subject introduced under a 
suspension of the rules. 
Mr. SHERMAN. think the argument on 
this matter is exl-aaustcd. It seems to me that 
thc reason for the precedent is plain and obvious. 
A gentleman offers a resolution, and no action is 
had on it. The rules give him the right to with- 
draw his resolution. That is right enough. 
here two thirds of the House suspended the rules. 
W bat for? Merely to enablc a particular gentle- 
It is to 
man to offer a resolution? Not at all. 
enablc the House to conÅider a certain proposi- 
tion. This House, by a vote of two thirds, re- 
solved that they would consider these resolutions. 
r l'hcy resolved that on Monday, and those reso- 
lutions now come up in the regular order of busi- 
r Ilhe House, by that two-thirds vote, re- 
solved not merely whether Mr. DAv1s, of Indiana, 
shall offer them, whether Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, 
shall offer them, but that the Housc shall now 
consider them. It seems to me it is a perfectly 
the House 
clear and obvious proposition that, 
having determined by a two-thirds vote to consider 
these resolutions, they are before the House, and 
that no member can withdraw them. According 
to this rule, the House has a right to consider 
them, and any member has a right to demand a 
vote upon them. I hope, therefore, we shall have 
the decision of the Speaker, without further de- 
bate. 
ENROLLED BILLS. 
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, here reported as truly enrolled the 
following bills; which thereupon were signed by 
the Speaker: 
An act (H. R. No. 862) making appropriations 
Mr. GOOCH. The matter to be reached was for tho support of the Military Academy for thc 
as beyond the of the I-louse as this 
year evding June 30, 1862; and 
I supposc that the object of thc sus- 
Au act (H. R. No. 436) for the relief of Mrs. 
subject is. 
pension the is 10 enable the House to act Eliza A. Merchant, widow of the lute First Lieu- 
tenant. und Brevet Captain Charles G. Merchant, 
upon a certain subject, and not to (Five a particu- 
lat• preferencc to any Individual; that when the 
rules are suspended, then the matter is placed in 
a condition where t.he House can reach it; 
still further, sir, I suppose that the House having I 
decided that they would act upon this subject, it 
is not within the power of any individual to with- 
'Ehe individual 
draw it. f'rorn lie-forc the House. 
who moved it cannot withdraw it if the House de- 
sires to act on it; and even allowing the gentle- 
man from Indiana can withdraw it, it is in order 
'l'hat 
for tho gentleman from Ohio to renew it. 
is the reason for the decision made. It seems to I 
me to be pcrfZ•ctly logical and correct decision 
in any point of view. When the House has de- 
of the United States A nny 
ENFORCEMENT OF LAWS—AGAIN. 
QUARLES. 1 would to ask the gen- 
tleman from Ohio, the mover of this proposition, 
one question. His argtunent is, that the rules 
werc sus ended to enable the gentleman from 
Indiana Mr. to introduce these resolu- 
tions, but, tlae rules being suspended, he or any 
I would 
other member might introduce them. 
ask him when his right under the suspension of 
the rules would cease? 
Mr. SHERMAN. Whenever the I-louse has 
acted upon the proposition. 
Mr. QUARLES. not the action of the 
cided that it will act on any subject, and has sus- 
pended the rules for that purpose, then if one gentleman from Indiana withdrawn the matter 
gentleman docs not choose to make the rnotion to from the House? 
bring the subject before the House, or, having Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; 
the action of a 
made it, chooses to withdraw it, another gentle- member is not the action of the House. 
man can renew it, and the House can act on the Mr. GROW obtained the floor. 
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 desire to say that unless 
subject without another suspension of thc rules. 
It semns to that. this is precisely parallel to the Chair wants to hear further debate, I would 
I propose that the Chair shall give his decision 
before the debate proceeds further. 
The SPEAKER. Thefloorwasgiven to the gen- 
tleman from Pennsylvania, and the Chair would 
be glad to hear any remarks he has to make. 
Mr. GROW. I have but one word to say. 
This is a question which could arise but seldom 
in the course of leoislation, and therefore there 
would be but few precedents, and that is the rea- 
son, as referred to by the gentleman from Vir- 
ginia, why but few cases are found applicable to 
it. We have but one day in the week on which 
we can move to suspend the rules, and that of it- 
self would make cases of this kind of rare occur- 
rence. But when the rules are suspended to re- 
ceive any proposition, you receive the proposition 
subject to all such amendments as are germane; so 
that the point which has been made, that the rules 
were suspended to receive the proposition, not 
for the purpose of acting upon it, but for the pur- 
pose •of having it amended, amounts to nothing. 
We have frequently suspended the rules to re- 
ceive a bill appropriating lands for a railroad in 
a particular section, and it has beén amended by 
putting half a dozen other railroads to it. The 
Chair has always held that any amendment ger- 
mane to the proposition might be received under 
a suspension of the rules. Therefore this case is 
divested of all trouble in reference to the point 
raised by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bo- 
in relation to amending it. 
The only point is: can the gentleman renew' a 
proposition which the rules have been suspended 
to receive, and which has been withdrawn by the 
gentleman who proposed it, after such suspension 
of the rules? Now, the precedent which has been 
cited by the gentleman from Ohio seems to be 
precisely applicable to this case. The gentleman 
from Virginia [Mr. BococK) did not seem to deny 
that, but questioned the correctness of the decis- 
ion, und argued that even if the decision vvere to 
taken as precedent, it ought not to be fol- 
lowed. Now, when the rules are suspended to 
and being received, the 
receive n proposition, 
House has voted to sustain the previous ques- 
tion, there can be no question that the gentleman 
could not withdraw the proposition. W c took a 
vote in this case upon seconding the previous 
question. If it had been carried, Che proposition 
could not have been withdrawn. But it was car- 
ricd in the necrativc, and the question is, whether 
a action is thc same as an affirmative one. 
In ordinary legislation, we know that where a 
proposition is withdrawn, other gentlemen may 
renew it; and now I ask whether, where a gen- 
tleman withdraws resolution received under a 
suspension of the rules, another gentleman can- 
not renew it as the mover himself might do ? 
Mr. HOUSTON. I-le cannot do it. 
Mr. GROMI. That is the point in issue. I ask 
if the gentleman from Indiana could renew it, 
whether another member might not? Gcntlemcn 
have argued this point as if the right to offer the 
proposition for which the rules were suspended 
was a personal privilege. Now, it can make no 
difference, whoever offers it. There is no per- 
sonal consideration about it whatever. The ques- 
tion is simply whether, after the rules have been 
suspended—which might be for the very purpose 
of having this proposition consi(lered•, and having 
action upon this amendment 
—the will of the 
House can be defeated by one Inernber withdra w- 
ing the proposition, and denying to another mem- 
ber the right of renewinty it. In most cases when 
a gentleman withdraws a proposition, it is the 
right of anybody to renew it. 
Is this an excep- 
tional case? If it is, and the proposition cannot 
under such circumstances be renewed , onc person 
micrht be able to defeat the will of the House 
It sccms to Ine that 
through a whole Congress. 
recedent cited, 
fair legislation, as well as the 
requires in the case before the ouse a recogni- 
tion of the right of any member of the House to 
renew' the proposition which the House suspended 
If that is done, then any 
its rules to consider. 
the case referred to; and even if' there were, no like to hear the decision of the Chair, which is amendment, germane. to it may be offered as an 
such precedent, the decision is waiat one would li the thing first. in order. 
• tunendment. 
Mr. GROW. The gentleman has not the floor Mr. GOOCH. 
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, 
nattu•ailv expect whenever question arose. 
'Ilie Virginia says that hc does to interfere. 
that the, which you are to decide is this: 
Mr. HOUS'TON. lhave the to make if ask and obtain a suspension of the rules in 
not know I here has been a sinøle instance in 
It is certainly not in order to I order to makea particular motion, and that should 
i that point of order. 
which that precedent has been sustained. 
him whether hc knows a single instance. in il debate a point before the decision of the Speaker. 
be granted— 
