240 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 3. 
States have interfered with slavery in the south- 
I believe that to be true; but being 
ern States. 
true, 1 ask, what then? Is that the chief ground 
of dissolution? Are you going to revolt for that? 
Will you plunge us into civil war for that ? Is that 
all? Sirs let us examine it a little more closely. 
pass, as unwortliy the dignity of the debate, the 
incidental attack which the Senator from Louis- 
iana has chosen to make upon the people of Mas- 
sachusetts, upon the Governor of that great State, 
and -upon the distinguished Senators from that 
State, who, in my judgment, are an honor on this 
floor to this body. It is not my purpose—they 
would not intrust me with their defense; nor is It 
needful that I should make. it here or anywhere. 
That is not within the scope and purpose of this 
debate; but it is within the scope and purpose of 
this debate to examine how much of truth thcre 
is in the general sweeping charge which the Sena- 
tor has chosen to make, and how much justifica- 
tion in the fact, if the fact bo true. 
Sir, the peoplc of the northern and western 
States are a free people. wc have there various 
rights guarantied to us by our State constitu- 
tions, among the chiefest of which are liberty of 
thought and freedom of speech. We are an in- 
quiring people; 'W'e are an investigating people; 
and we are, no doubt, very subject to tlie charge 
often made against us, that we, are a pcoplc of 
isms. Where there is perfect freedom of opinion, 
that rnust be the case Ln the nature of things. It 
is in the nature of the human mind itself. Laws 
will not restrain it. We cannot bind lhc human 
mind with fetters, nor can we limit it to modes of 
expression. It will think, and it will act, spite of 
all government, and beyond all law. It follows, 
as a consequence, that thc people will not think 
alike; and, of course, as therc cannot be two ways 
perfectly right upon any one subject, thc people 
will always think truly and wisely. 
What then? 'Ithere are people in Massachu- 
setts and in Jilinois and in Oregon, who will not 
only violate the rights of the siavc States, but the 
rights of the free. Thcrc arc people in the North 
who will not only steal nig«rers, but steal horses. 
There are people in the North who will not only 
try to burn down houses in the slave States, but 
who will bc incendiary in the free States. 
the duty of thc distinguished Senator from Louis- 
iana arid myself' sometimes, as counsel, to defend 
such men. Nor do I know that such rnen or such 
defenses are confl)'lcd to the North or the West 
alone. I apprehend if a grateful procession of t.he 
knaves and rascals, who are indebted to tho dis- 
tinguishcd Senator from Louisiana for an escape 
frou-n the penitentiary and the halter, were to sur- 
round him to-day t, It would be difficult for even 
admiring friends to get neur him to congratulate 
h iln upon the success of his efforts upon this floor. 
[Laughter.] W her), therefOrc, he says that in- 
Stales, not Congress—but individ- 
dividunls 
uuls in the free Slates, do attack in their ill(livid- 
and (lignit.y of the slave 
ual capacity the honor 
States, and do run off thcil' nicmrcrs, and do steal 
and do various 
their properly, and do kidnap, 
()thca• things contrary to their duty as good citi- 
zens, I inclined, while I regret it, to believo 
the whole of it. 
Sprinaino• from that, and cvidcnced, as I think, 
by the excited enumeration which the 
guisbed Senator has chosen to makc of the •wrongs I 
Rnd crimes of the Slate of Massachusetts and her 
Senators; springiliR from that exag(reratcd mo(le 
of thought and expression, as to the free States, 
arises the spirit of the count in the indictment 
amninst the whole of us. Now, beg leavc to say I 
to the honorablc Senator, that the desire to inter- 
fere with the jights of slavery in the slave States 
is r) Dt thc dcsirc of the northern people. It is not 
the desire of the i.)eople of Oregon, I kncnv•, it is 
the desire of the people of California. , 
sure; it is the desire of the people of I Elinois, 
I swear; 
and I nvay say inore, that ill all 
my association with the Republican party, I have 
yet f.o find tunong them, from their chiefs down l' 
humblest' private, one man who proposes 
to ir 
to intcriöre with the existence of slavery io the 
slave States by force, by legislation, or VI) y con- . 
have known no such nu_ll) 
na! action. 
n: all short experience, nor do I believe that 
the L.;nnator frcnn Lou•isiana can point out any 
such . 
NIr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator merely de- 
sires me to answer him, I will ,tell him exactly 
what I said the other day: that the belief of the 
South is, and I admit I share it, that without in- 
tending to violate the letter of the Constitution by 
going into States for the purpose of forcibly 
emancipating slaves, it is the desire.of the whole 
Republican party to close up the southern States 
with a cordon of free States for t.he avowet pur- 
pose of forcing the South to emancipate them. 
Mr. BAKER. Very well, sir. See how glo- 
riously we advance step by step. We abandon 
now the charge that Congress does it; we aban- 
don now thc charge that States do it; we abandon 
now the charge that tho individual members of 
the northern and x,vcstern communities as a body 
desire to interfere with slavery contrary to law; 
to violate any existinm right in the slave States; 
but we insist tenaciously and pertinaciously on 
our fourth count in the indictment; and it is 
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator, 1 trust, does 
Y10t desire to misrepresent what I said. 
Mr. BAKER. 1 do not, sir. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 am confident that he does 
I understood the Senator to ask me, in rc- 
not. 
lation to the Republican party, what proof i had 
of their desire to destroy slavery in the States. I 
gave it to him. I did not say that independently 
of that, (herc were not offer attacks upon south- 
ern slavery. I just this moment referred him to 
the direct attack of the State of Massachusetts— 
Independently of that, by 
the State as a State. 
the further exemplification of the State of Massa- 
chusetts, will refer him to the fact that her Legis- 
lature indorsed the vituperations of her Senator 
on this floor, by an enormous majority, and made 
that a State act; and furthermore, that she passed 
a law in violation of' the rights of southern slave- 
holders, and all her eminent legal men now 
ur«ing State to repeal the law as a gross out* 
the constitutional rights of the South. 
Mr. BAKER. Why, Mr. President, in 
where all her eminent legal men are desirous to 
I do 110t think, if the Senator 
rectify a vvn•ong, 
will wait a while, there can be any very great 
danger. Our profi2ssion is a verv powerful one; 
and have never known a State in which we all 
ao ree upon a legal proposition that we could not 
inducc her to to It too. '1' hat is a mere an- 
swer passincr. 
I insist, however—I know it is not qnite pleas- 
ant to my friend, and I regret that it is not so— 
that I have brought him down to a clear state- 
ment by way of abandonment, of tln•cc or four of 
the specifications. 
It is now true that the great 
o•round of con)plaint has narrowed itself down to 
this: that., as a people, we desire to circle the slave 
States with cordon of free States, and thereby 
destroy the institution of slavery; to treat it like 
the scorpion trirt by fire. 
I take that to be an 
t of the Inuin counts in the il)dictment, 
unless that bc considere(l one of them. Now, I 
first, if we, a free people 
approach that question: 
hearts and consciences, believing, 
really, in our 
that freedom is better for everybody than slavery, 
do the ad vance of frec sentimel'its, and do 
endeavor to assist that advance in u constitutional, 
legal way, is that, I ask him, cyround of separa- 
Mr. BE,NJAMIN. lsay, yes; decidedly. 
'l'hat is well. And I say just 
Mr. KER. 
perhaps rnorc emphaticaEly, 
as decidedly, and 
him why. The 
no! A 1 will proceed to tell 
artrument is a little d iscursive to-day than 
yesterday, but perhaps not less instructive. Sup- 
pose that circling slavery with a cordon of free 
States were a cause of separation, and thercfovc 
war with us: is il not just as rnuc,h so with any- 
It is no m•eater crirne for a Massachu- 
body else ? 
setts tnan or an Oregon rnan to circle, to girdle, and 
thereby kill slavery, than for Frenc.innan, or an 
Englishman, or a Mexican. It is as much a cause 
, of war ao•ainst France, QI' England, or Mexico, 
as acrainst us. 
Affain,sir: 
how are you ooiug to help it? How 
can we help it? Circle slaver v with a cordon of 
free States! NV h y, if read history and observe 
creoryraphv rightly, it is so girdled -Which 
svay can s•ltu ery extend itself' that it does not cn- 
*Oil of' freedorn ? 
crouch upon the 
I t cannot go North, t 
tor thought of that ? 
it is try incr very hard, 
cannot go into Kansas, 
though it n')adé a convulsive effort, mistaking a 
spasm for strength, 
It cannot go South, because, 
amid the degradation and civil war and peona«e 
of Mexico, if there be one thing under heaven 
they hate worsc than another, it is African slavery. 
It cannot reach the islands of the sea, for they are 
under the shadow of France, that guards their 
shores tvainst such infectious approach. 
circled; I will' not say girdled. I recollect the 
figure, familiar to us all, by which he int.imates 
that that which is girdled will die. Therefore , I 
do not say girdled; I say circled, inclosed, sur• 
rounded; I may say hedged in; nay, more, I may 
say—where is the Senator from New York, [Mr. 
SEWARD?] he is a prophet, and I will not predict; 
but, if I were not warned by his extmple and his 
' irrepressible conflict," I 
prediction as to the 
might say that, being so hedged , circled, guarded, 
encompassed, it will some day—it may be infin- 
itcly far distant, so far as mortal eye can see— 
but it will be sc,mo day lost and absorbed in the 
superior blaze of freedom. And, sir, that would 
be the case, just as much as it is now, if there 
were no northern free States. What harm do l, 
in Illinois or Oregon, to the Senator from Louisi- 
ana? Whcre can his slavery go, that it is not now, 
unless it bein this disputed Territory of New Mex- 
ico? Where else? If it go anywhere else, it will 
go incursive, aggressive upon freedom . 
It will go 
by invading the rights ofa nation that is inferior 
and that desires to be friendly. It '*Vill go in defi- 
ance of the wish and will and hope and tear and 
prayer of the whole civilized world. It will go in 
defiance of the hopes of civilized humanity all 
over the world. 'I'he Senator will not deny that. 
Therefore it is that it appears to me idle—and I 
had almost said wicked—to attennpt to plungc this 
country into civil war, upon the pretense that wc 
are endeavoriner to circle your institution, when, 
if had no such wish 01' desire the world, 
it is circled by destiny, by Providence, and by 
human opinion evcrywhcre. 
I will press the Senator from Louisiana a little 
further. W cof the northern and western States— 
and it is the complaint that our Abolitionists make 
a "ail'lst us—are the only allies you have crot in the 
world. It is to us (and speak it Lo you with 
affectionate kindness) that, in the hour of your 
extremest trial, you are to look for sympathy, for 
succor, for support. You have with us what you 
call a league; what you call a compact; what we 
call a united Government, by which we are bound , 
in some points of view, to recognize your institu- 
tion, and by that to afford you support in the hour 
of your danger. Why, sn•, if your slavcs revolt; 
if there be among you domestic insurrection—God 
grant the hour may never come !—we are calked 
upon by our constitutional obligation to march to 
your support; an(l, though there bc nothing worse 
than to fight in a servile war, unless it be to suffer 
in one, we of the North, when that hour shall 
arrive, will march to sustain you, our brethren, 
our kindred, the people of our race, with all our 
It is a painftll subject to re-fZ*1' to, and I 
po we r. 
pass it with a single remark. 
Again: by the Constitution of the United States 
we are required to protect you against the escape 
of your slaves through our territories, to return 
them, and to return them in violation of conunon 
law and against the principles of international 
relations acknowledged by the whole civilized 
world. Would France do that? Would Mexico 
do that? Would England do that? Would the 
It is to us, and 
Czar of Russia do that? No, sir. 
to us alone, that you are to look for whatever of 
safety, of succor, of synlpathy, you can find in 
the whole world, and—I had well niffh said—in 
the whole universe. 
There is, then, no "round of complaint against 
us, even if ali you say be true, that wo sur- 
roundii')g you by a girdle, a cordon, a circle of 
free States. Why, you soern to Ine to have the 
same notion m,vith an old man in my country who 
',vas complaining that he was not rich enough. 
He was a farmer. He said he would' be per- 
fl.'ctly happy if he only had all the land that jomed 
hin). [Laughter.] It appears to tne that the coin- 
plaint of the honorable Senator is, that slavery 
docs not extend everywhere, without border, or 
iitnit, 01' girdle, or circle in the world. 
Again: does the Senator remenlk)er, when hc 
a.sn-s us to restrain this process Qi' circling the 
slave States by tl'ke settlement of free communities 
upon their ijm•dcrs, that he is asking us to do 
