THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
TIIIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
what we have no power to do by our system of 
government, or by out* Constitution? What is 
the process? When slavery is circled, it is cir- 
cled by the elastic, expansive power of free labor. 
California so circled it; Oregon so circles it. 
Make Arizuma a Territory to-day; steal Sonora 
to-morrow; and t.here free labor will so circle it, 
spite of laws, spite of government. 
Now, why should the Senator from Louisiana 
propose to dissolve with us because this is so? I 
would ask gentlemen on the other side: will it be 
any the less so i? you dissolve with us? Will not 
our young men take their axes upon their shoul- 
ders, or their ox-whips in their hands, and drive 
their teams out in the wilderness upon the very 
edge and border of civilization, adventurous, fear-' 
less, elastic, expansive? Do you not know that 
we will gear up the team, put the wife and chil- 
dren in the wagon, and be half way there—nay, 
that we will sexze and poskess the goodly land, 
while you are hallooing " Pompey, Jube, Scipio, 
get ready and come?" That, sir—the peaceful 
progress of settlement and civilization—must be 
the real substantial ground of complaint, if there 
be any. 
The Senator talks about John Brown; and he 
says the people of Massachusetts approved of 
John Brox.vn. Let us rise to a higher view. Let 
the wing of our genius )lume itself for a nobler 
flight than that, here—talking of pcacc and war in 
this Senate Chamber. Let us not confine our- 
selves to the mere bitterness of partisan discus- 
sion. John Brown is in his grave. We, as a 
party, do not condemn the act of Vi rginia. We, 
as a party, do condemn his act. We acknowl- 
edge it w•as in violation of the Constitution and 
of your law. We recrret it. 
It found no sanction 
in thc public mind. If there were men who were 
sorry, who admired his courage, who sympa- 
thized with what they believed to be the integrity 
of his purpose, though it were a very dangerous, 
and, in my judgment, a very unworthy purpose, 
will you dissolve for that? Why, sir, all that 
line of complaint—I may add all the aroument 
based upon that complairlt—is akin to the very 
eculiar remark made by the Senator from Texas, 
Mr. WIGFALL.] He turned •to us the other day 
and condescended to give us a list. of the condi- 
tions upon which they would be graciously pleased 
to receive our capitulation. I do not remember 
It was speculative, fanciful; but there were 
some things in it kindred to the complaint and 
the argument of thc Scnator from Louisiana. For 
instance, he said to us: " You representativc men: 
you SEW ARDS and SUMMERS and HALES and 
WILSONS, go home and instruct your peoplc to 
repeat your personal liberty bills; abolish your 
Abolition societies; stop your presses, and do va- 
rious things kindred to these, and when you have 
done that, come back to us and tell us that you 
have done it, and we will think about it." Well 
now, sir, I think the mode of expression was ex- 
It was hardly what I had expected— 
travaryant. 
it was the first speech I heard here—to hear in the 
Senate of the United States. The sentiment that 
rompts it is 110t unlike that of the Senator from 
ouisiana. He says: Do not girdle us; do not 
circle us; do not inclosc us; do not migrate so as 
It would 
to surround us." That is our right. 
be our right if you were not in a common union 
it would be your necessity and your 
with us. 
misfortune, if there were no free States, no North 
and no S'Vest. Then, sir, as for destroying the 
liberty of our press, as for -abokjshing societies 
formed to promote the, abolition of slavery, or for 
any other purpose in the world , do Senators think 
when they ask us to do that? Sir, I ask then-I 
how? 'Whether Lhcy do it in their own States, it 
is not for to determine. Whether the. severe nc- 
cessilics of their condition will allow free and unre- 
strained discussion , it is not for me now to inquire 
MONDAY JANUARY 7, 1861. 
I think I could read in the biography of every 
Senator near me, as given by his enemies, things 
very far from complimentary; a.nd I suspect they 
make a good many people believe them. 
I understand, sir, that wherover free govern- 
ment is, and wherever, as a consequence, free 
speech follows, there things may be said and will 
be said very unpleasant to hear, and very im- 
proper to be believed; and think that could 
show in commentaries in England, even in Hol- 
land, and even in Belgium to-day, or wherever 
clsc besidc herc free speech is allowed , reflections 
upon Government, and upon the personal charac- 
ter of the rulers, as offensive to their tastes and 
their opinions as any the Senator from Texas or 
the Senator from Louisiana could point out ut- 
tered in any State of the Norih and West against 
them. The abuse is, if you like, an evil, incident 
to free government; and how and why do you 
ask us to obviate in your case what we cannot 
remove in our own? Will you really make war 
upon us, will you really separate from us, because 
we cannot alter the model and frame of our free 
Government for which your fathers and ours 
fought side by side? You will not do that. 
Mr. Presidont, do gentlemen propose to us 
seriously {bat we shall stop the right of free dis- 
cussion; that we shali limit the free press; that 
restrain the expression of frec opinion 
we shall 
everywhere on all subjects and at all times? 
Why, sir, in our land, if there be any base 
enough, unreflecting enough, to blaspheme the 
Maker that created him, or the Saviour that died 
for him, we have no power to stop him. If there 
be the most bitter, unjust, and vehement denun- 
ciation upon ali the principles of morality and 
goodness, on which human society is based, and 
on which it may most securely stand, we have, 
for great and overruling reasons connected with 
liberty itself, no power to restrain it. Private 
character, public service, individual relations— 
neither these, nor age, nor sex, can bc in the na- 
ture of our Goveri)t-ncnt exempt from that liabil- 
ity to attack. And, sir, shall gentlemen complain 
that slavery shall not be made, and is not made, 
an exception to that general rule? You did that i 
when you made what you call a compact with 
us. You were then emerging out of the war of 
Independence. Your bad fought for that 
right, and more than that, they had declared that 
the violation of that right was one of the great 
I causes which impelled them to tho separation. 
i submit these thoughts to gentlemen on the 
other side, in the candid hopc that they will sce 
I at. once that the attempt to require us to do for 
them what we cannot do for ourselves is unjust 
and cruel in the highest degree. Sir, the liberty 
government. Ours could not exist without it. It 
is with us, nay, with all men, like a great exult- 
It is fbd by the dews 
ing and abounding river. 
of heaven, which distil their sweetest drops to 
form it. It. gushes from the rill, as it breaks from 
the deep cavcrnsof the, earth. It is fed by a thou- 
sand affluents, that dash from the mountain top 
to separate again into a thousand bounteous and 
irrigatin«y rii[s around. On its broad bosom it 
bears a thousand barks. There Genius spreads 
its purpling sail. "I*here Poetry (lips its silver oar. 
Therc Art; Invention, Discovery, Science, Mo- 
rality, Religion, may safely alid securely float. 
It is a geniak, 
It wanders through every land. 
cordial source of thought and inspiration, where 
ever it touches, whatever it surrmands. Sir, upon 
its borders, there every flower of grace 
I am 110t here to den v 
and every fruit of truth. 
that that river sometimes oversteps its bounds. •l 
am not here to deny that that stream sometimes 
becomes a dangerous torrent, and destroys towns 
and cities upon its bnnk•, 
but I am here to say 
that, without it, civilization, humanity,_ govern- 
But. I may inquire how do they cxpect us to abol- mcntt, that makes society would disap- 
ish the right free *Peech and of free discussion? pear'å*nd the world would to its ancient 
It is a very unpleasant right sometimes, I know. II barbarism. Sir, if that to be possible, or so I 
Looking around upon distinguished men here, I thought for a molnen% the Ene conception of the 
suspect that do not see one of them that has not great poet would be realized, If that were to be 
8ufIZred excessively by an abuse of that power. possible, though b±lt fop moment, civilization 
16 
SERIES.....NO. .16. 
itself would roll the wheels of its car backward 
for two thousand years. Sir, if that were so; it 
would be true t 
t, 
As one by 
(in dread Medea'S train, 
Star alter star- fades off etherial plain, 
Thus at her felt approach and secret might, 
Art after art goes out, and all is night. 
Philosophy, that leaned on Heaven •before. 
Sinks to her second cause, and is no more-. 
Religion, blushing, veils her sacred fires, 
And unawares morality expires." 
Sir, we will not risk these consequences, even, 
for slavery; we will not risk these consequences 
even for union we will not risk these conse- 
quences to avoid that civil war with which you 
threaten us; that war which you announce as 
deadly, and which you declare to be inevitable. 
Sir, while I say that it is quite well that I should 
announce, at this moment, my opinion as to what 
we might do, I shall enter into no detail. 
I shall 
endeavor to bind nobody else. 
I shall express 
my own convictions at the moment, subject, Of 
course, to all the changes that events and circum- 
stances hereafter to transpire may justify. 
will never yield to the idea that the great Govern- 
ment of this country shall protect slavery in any 
Territory now ours, or hereafter to be acquired. 
It is, in my opir,ion, a great principle of free gov- 
ernment, not to be surrendered. It is, in my judge 
knent, the object of the great battle which we have 
It is, in my 
fought, and which we have won. 
poor opinion, the point upon which there is con- 
cord and agreement between the great masses of 
the North, who may agree in no other political 
opinion whatever. Be he Republican, or Demo- 
crat, or Douglas man, or Lincoln man; be he from 
the North, or the West, from Oregon, or from 
Maine, in my judgment, nine tenths of the entire 
population of the North and West are devoted, 
m the very depths of their hearts, to the great 
constitutional idea that freedom is the rule, that 
slavery is the 'exception, that it ought not to be 
extended by virtue of the powers of the Govern- 
ment of the United Ctates; and, come weal, come 
woe, it never shall be. 
But, sir, add one other thing. When you 
talk to rne about. compromise or concession, I am 
not sure that I always understand you. Do you 
Incan that I am to give up my convictions of right? 
Armies cannot compel that in the breast ofa free 
people. Do you mean that I am to concede the 
benefits of the political struggle through we 
have passed, considered politically, only? You 
are too just and too generous to ask that. Do 
you mean that we are to deny the great principle 
upon which our political action has been based? 
You know we cannot. But if you mean, by 
compromise and concession, to ask us te see 
whetherwc havc not been hasty, angry, passion- 
ate, excited, and in many respects violated your 
feelings, your character, your right of property, 
we will look; and, as I said yesterday, if we have, 
we will undo it. Allow me to say again, if there 
bc any lawyer or any court that will ad vise us 
that our laws are unconstitutional, we will repeal 
them. Such is my opinion. Even if our own 
courts do not believe so and yours do—I say 
yours, because I do speak now ofa supreme court, 
not subordinate, but acquiescent—if that court 
shall declare these laws unconstitutional in any 
particular, we will yield. 
I will not yield one in.ch 
Now as to territory. 
to secession; but there. ure things that will yield, 
and there are things to V•hich will yield. It is 
i somewhere told.—-und the fine reading of my friend 
from Louisiana v,' ill enable him to tell me where 
—,.that when Harold of Enalanå recæived a mes- 
senff.e.r fi•orn a brother with waoni he was at. va- 
riance, to ill)qtlire on what. tertns reconciliation 
and peace could be effected between brothers, he 
replied in a ge dant and generous spirit, in a few 
words, " The terms I offer are the affection of a 
brother, and the earldom of Northumberland;' 
said the envoy, as he marched up the 
hail arnid the warriors that graced -the state of 
thy brother, agree to 1 his, 
the king, "if Tosti, 
what tenns will you allow to his ally and friend, 
Hadrada, the giant? We "evill allow," s 
