242 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 3, 
Haf61d, ' 'to Hadrada, the giant, seven feet of 
English ground, and if he be as they say, a giant, 
some few inches more:" and as he spake, the hall 
ran«y with acclamation. 
follow, at a hum- 
Sir, in that spiril I speak. 
ble distance, the ideas and the words of Clay, 
illustrious, to be venerated, and honored, and 
remembercd forever. Upon this floor, in 1850, 
he said, in reference to a threat of secession: 
" Now, Mr. President. I stand here my place, mean- 
".r tbcy coine from 
ing to be unawed by any threats, wh 
man, living or dead, that arms should raised against the 
individuals or from States. I should deplore as [nucli as any 
authority' of the Union, either by individuals or by Statcs. 
But, after all that has occurred, if any one State, or a por- 
tion of the people of any State, choose to place. themselves 
in mi\itary array agaiust the Governmcnt of the Union, I 
I mn för 
am. for trying the st:ren of thc Co ve•rnm.cnt. 
nscevtaiuing whether '.ve have a Governitient or not—prae- 
tical, efheient, capable of Niaintaining its authority, and of 
upholding the powersqnd interests which belot)" to a Gov- 
any such course. bv intintations the spillil'lg of blood. If 
blood is to be spi12eä, hy •u•hose.fautt is it 
(Ipon T.he suppo- 
sition J rpaintain, it will bc the i?LUIt of' who choose 
to raise the standard of disunion, and endeavor to prostrate 
and, sir, when that is done, so long as 
this Government; 
it pleases God to give Inc a voice to express my sentinu•nts, 
or an arnn, Iveak •and eutöebl(id as it Inay by age, that 
voice and that arrn will be on the side of Iny country tor 
the support of' the general authority, and nraintenance 
of the powers of this Union." 
He said, I say, that I will yield no inch, no 
word, to the threat 01' secession , unconstitutional, 
re volutionary,dangerous, un wise , at variance with 
the heart and the hope of all mankind save them- 
selves. To that I yield nothing; but if States 
loyal to the Constitution, it' people magnanimous 
and just, desirincy a return of fraternal feeling, 
shali comc to us and ask for peace, for permanent, 
What 
endu rino• peace and affection, and say, 
Ask ail that n 
I sav to the 11') , 
tvill you grant 
I will yield all 
gen [leman ought to propose 
that a gentleman ourrht to oßi-•r." Nay, rnore: if 
ou urc galled because wc celaiin the right to pro- 
i ibit slavery in territory now free, or in any '1 'er- 
jurisdiction, we 
ri tory w hich acknow ledges our 
will evade—I speak but. for niys81t= 
agree to Inalfe all 
evading that ; 
I wit k 
States, and Ict the l)eopl.-•, (lec.ide at once. 
ae•rce to place them in that condition ur'hc•rc the 
nevcu• bc necessary to ] 
of slavery will 
lustify ourselves to our consciences to con- 
I will n•rree to which is not 
stitnent.s. 
to force upon the necessity of protecting sla- 
nanu-: o!' freedom. To that never i 
very in the 
can und never will yield. 
Now, Mr. I) resident, I I snv that 
in no 
spirit. of kind My friend .l.ou If'.tnna, 
•n his count—his hy pothetical count— 
supposes a case. 
fuse Sou th Carolina two Seriatorship.s; it' vou 
allow her but, 
were to 
a nort he r n 
says: \Vhat 
Revolution.' 
that way—but does it not look as if you cannot, gentlemen of the North, a Slate has seceded; you 
bear the mortification ofa little defeat? You have must either acknowledge her independence, or 
To that we reply: i,ve will 
had all the offices, all the honors—the President i you must make war." 
on his throne, the dignity of this Chamber, the take no counsel of our opponents; '-.vc will not 
acknowledge hcr independence. 
r Ithey say we 
power of the House of Representatives, tl')e acqui- 
I cannot makc war against the Stato; and the. gen- 
escence of the Supreme Cotu•t, a long array of for- 
eign ministers, Cabinet officers—everything that tlernan undertakes to ridicule the distinction which 
wo rnake between a State and individuals. Sir, 
can grace your state and forin your procession; 
it was a distinction that Mr. Madison well under- 
and most of you have had them ever since you 
were children; and now, when, according to the stood; it was a distinction that General Jackson 
was very well determined to recognize; it was the 
will of the people,constitutionally expressed, you 
are likely to lose one branch of the Government I distinction which was made in ihe whole argu- 
for a brief season, and as many of you believc ment when the Constitution was formed; and 
even if you remain with us but for very l.)riet I may say here and now, that all the ar(ruments 
adduced by the gentleman from Elliot's Debates 
season, you propose to dissolve this Government 
on the subject'0t• the formation of the Constitu- 
and inauffurate civil war. Why, sir, as the dis- 
tii)guished gentleman from Tl'ern-w.ssee [B_'lr. J 0MN- i tion, were arffuments addressed against the pro- 
sox; ] has said so well, in a speech in which there pricty or wisdom of givi1)lT, under the old patched- 
are so many things with which I agree, that I up Confederation, power f.o the Government to 
compel States, because they could not.; t.hey did 
grieve there should be so many others in which 
cannot speech Jacksonian in its tone, not dare to do it, for they did not choose to con- 
found the inuocent with guilty, and mnkc war 
often YVebsterian in its arcrumen t—as be has said, 
and well said, even in {he case of the President, on solne portion of unoffending people because 
what can be do without you; you have a majority others were guilty; and therefore, among other 
reasons, the no v; Government was fornoedaUnion, 
upon this floor; you can check him in his pow•et• 
That 
a rnore peri*cct Union," by one people. 
ofappointmenl; you can compel him to select good 
is the answer to the whole arcrument. 
men. Will he touch slavery; will his Cabinet; 
Now, sir, let us examine far a minute this idea 
will you Ict him? Who is to be hurt? A gen- 
tleman from Georgia said the othcn• day thnt the that we cannot make. war. First, we do not pro- 
Federal Government might comply with the pose to do it. Docs any gentlen)an on this side 
of the Chambcr propose to declare war against 
and yet in ten 
requisitions of the Constitution, 
South Carolina? l)id vou ever hear us suggest 
How ? 
years slavery cease to exist. 
[At this point, a chair occupied by Mr. such a thin(Y? You talk to us about coercion; 
in the area in front of the Secretary's desk, owing II many of y6u talk to us as if you desired us to 
It would not be very strange if u Gov- 
attempt it. 
to tbc frail condition.of its supporters, gave way, 
ernment, and hitherto a great Government, were, 
precipitatino• its occupant to the floor.] 
r l' he incident before me, r. I) resident, is not. 
the only case. where a fall wikl succeed 
tion. 
Sir, I ani 10th to believe that gentlornen aro really 
rn earnest. In supposin", in the case before rne 
believing that if Inon will not, soeve in t be , 
and they appointed frorn the North 
that is cause of sepa ra- 
you will not serve t 
lion. M/ hen we were ten years ago, as 
I left this coast, in as so:nc people 
no W, I heard say 
say we are 
ncvct• only give me a toll (,t• a 
I')cver in i nd, 
unen (If the South who will 
apiece on all 
over the I) ot01nac to tret ()flie.e, and I would 
c,onu, 
I admit t hc sont.iinent. is very 
be rich nnan. 
di(l'erent now in of the southern States, DO! 
I will say another thin(y: 
to hold now an-jong loyal Inon 
•tnere sake 
of ( 
South is not for 
It IS 
a lid a purpose ; 
they corne no'"' , 
when they do corne, us t hc:y shall f 
for onal 
Union, 
pntncnt, 
g;ory, and the irn- 
their A tnid all 
reno wn of 
to coerce obedience 10 her kuw upon the part (h 
I hose who subiect to jurisdiction. No 
great cause Of complaint in that, certainly. But," 
" these persons offending 
says the oentlenuin, 
against your law are a sovereien State; you can- 
not make war upon her;" and out with 
acutcness of a lawyer what he to be 
the anodu.s operandi, he asks: What will you do if 
I vou will not, acknowled(ye her independence, and 
you do not make war; how will you collect your 
I rcv(il'luc ? " And he goes on to show verv conclu- 
sivc]y, to his own naind, that we cannot. 
us how a skiliful lawyer, step by stop, will 
interpose excent:on , rnotinn , denou rror, rejoinde,l', 
a lid in d e r, from the bcginninq to the end 
of the legal and he says, with an air of 
triunh)l), which thoug-ht did not well become a 
he remain so alivays) 
o•entlcman that yet (max 
a Senator •'frcnn a sovercim) State, upon the floor 
of L his Chamber; he savs, with an air of t.riumph: 
" It is nonsel)se•, you cannot. do it; you will not 
her; you will not declare war; you 
ack no w led 
Sir, if that is the 
cannot collect your revcnuo. 
I case to-day, it has been so for seventy years; wc 
he e.poal(i and 
threats o f d , 
President. just elected should in and 
predie.t ions oi•evjl, whpn 
enli o (l) Su l)- 
the offices to northern 
have, been at the mercy of anybody and every- 
- body who might choose to flout (IS. Is that true? 
il:uned by I he inspiration, and declares Are we a Govern poenl? Have we power to exe- 
stance of us of the South, v.' hat, t lien ? " 
u I'l$',ver to that: Wait, and do not. d 
I Inight tell Ill y fi'iend I' 
Union upon hypothesis. 
frorn that, 
to bear. we 
of)ice is so very hard 
Whigs tried it a long (inu-,'•, we Repul.)licans have 
l) ccn for nearly 
experienced il very ()l'tcn. I have 
thirty yeti s a rnal'), and have lycon ex- 
cept for a very, very few 1'non1hH, d 
tiunc, to have In v f*hghlest wish us 1.0 t be General 
Government gratified, even to the appoil)trnent of 
I have been, so far II)? u 
a tide-xvaitm•. 
the Govern mont u concerned, , 
, und when, while with 
one l) reath he savs t here will ci vii war, in tl 
next as he conclude.*, in an ex full of pa- 
thos, be says, " Let us depart in peace,' 
—an) id all 
peace, peace, when there is no l'jeac„e 
this, [ 
s•ce a rou nd rne 
people of' Ille South to the Union. 
1 
to-day, on ever v hand, that the clouds ave 
ing away. J have a rent— 
unshaken confidence in 
I see of' every shade of 
other biccts, in this one 
oue•lily disfranchised as it' ] we or a secession there is aud death . 
from 
I " (.)hl Chippewa, " Wool, fro In 
1--1 f)ttentot. What little of position or of 
• i) igh cha rac,ter, of taeir groat 
e•onerous con fi- 
have acquired, 
has been by the 
p roti d caree r, their enlarged patriot isnn, ( 
been tabooed 
dencp of my ow•n State 
io wer ranks of Inen who love t hc count r v 
but we W b ips, 
—not. I alone, 
cutc our laws? 'J? 110 'yen thnnan threatens us with 
says if we atternpt it, 
the consequences; and 
there will bc all sorts of legal delays interposed, 
there will be a Inob; a 
i and w lien that is done, 
GovcrnnH_h'lt v; ill be kicked out o!' existence 
by the tumultuous; and vulgar feet, of a and 
I f' we (in nnt do if, 
he scenis to rejoice at it. 
says, " do vou not ad ? ' • 
puts me 
.smncwhat in mind of the lawyer—and belonging 
he will par- 
to that honorable l)tofession n) yself, 
mc for a!] udine to it—in the play of London 
f think, xvl)0 "Pts into a contrÖversy 
Assurance 
with Cool, insults hirn, and says, when (jool 
" he is a lov,.r, I.tnderbrcd 
docs not kick him, that 
he cannot afford the of kicking 
knows be would have t.o pay fot• It 
[I,aughter.] A'Vhy, M r. President., against the 
havc been tabooed by the General Governtncnt, 
I will not say vindictively, but, will certainly 
It ig not so bad to take 
say, unifomnly. 
vou 
miøht suppose; it is nothin«y you got used 
to it. [Laucrhter.] We have not. proposed to 
disso!vc the Union for that. Sic, wc have never 
allowed the flame of our loyaltv one moment 
to fade because that was so. NV e have loved the 
U Dion ali the better the worse we were 'rovcrned 
m it, we v;ill continue to do so when are 
beaten, i',s we shall sometimes be t.o the end of the 
cha . 
the Constitution—I sec and I hear 
and venerate 
everywhere expressions that oven vet fill the 
triot. heart witli hope • and I pot. wilhout 110 pe 
there ig delay, when tinn is allowed 
that, when 
: ! to the feverish sentiment to subside and ('or re- 
, trusted to the 
reason I 
of this w hoke Union, the Constitution of 
unshaken er•. 
the Union will remain safe, 
Wrapt in flatnes of ether 
Rd f leaven •s thunder shakes the world below. • 
Sir, us approach a close, I am that it what Generai Jackson thought, and ordered to 
legal ol,iections to the in a case 
where South Carolina revolts, arid individuals 
. refuse to pay duties, against the lawyership of 
friend from Louisiana, I will put another 
lawyer, General Jackson, a man of whom Mr. 
said, that hc put his foot out he 
, and if the gentleman wants a 
never took it back • 
solution of' the, difficulties as to the manner in 
{he rcveuuc is to be collected near the sov 
ere.iE51 State of South Carolina, when is in a 
i condition of revolt or revolution, I svill show him 
be done, wheyi South Carolina revolted once be- 
I ask the distinguished gentleman from Louis- the honorable Senator from Louisiana has said, 
fore. I will read, or my distinguished friend, 
in a tone which I by no n')eans admired f " Now, 
I will not say that it is 
iana, does it not look 
