244 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 3, 
House reported in the Globe, that Mr. VANDEVER 
was yestei'day absent from the House in conse- 
quence of the deat.h of one of his children; and 
his absence from the House to-day wili be cx- 
plained by the same fact. 
ADJOURNMENT OVER. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. As to-morrow is set apart 
as a day fasting, I will move that when thc 
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by 
which lhe motion '•.vas agreed to; and also moved 
to lay the motion on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
TOBACCO TRADE. 
Mr. QUARLES. resolution, 
If' objection 
and have it adopted 'bv the House. 
be made, suppose it must go to the Committee 
on Printing. offer the followincr: 
Resolved, That five hundred extra copies of the report 
of thc select committee on the tobacco trade between the 
United States and IOreign countries bc printed {Or the use 
of the Ilouse. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the 
resolution must go the Committee on Printinrr. 
Mr. QU ARLES. I ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the House to adopt the resolution at this 
time.. 
Mr. HOUSTON. The unanimous consent of 
the House could not adopt the resolution without 
reference to the Committee on Printing, as the 
law provides. 
The SPEAKER. It must go to the. Committee 
on Printing. 
The was accordingly referred. 
WEST POINT MILITARY COMMISSION. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, bv unanitnous con- 
sent, introduced thc following resolution; which 
the law, to the 
was read, and, 
Committee on Print.in«r: 
Resolred, That five thousalld extra copies ot• the report 
of the VVest Point II ilitnry AcadeuiY Connnission bo printed 
for the use of the flousc or Representatives, and Illat five 
hundred be placed at the (iäsposnl of the H•yar Departincnt, 
nnd that uunnbers ot• the conunissi011 have the saxne IIUUI- 
ber as a Inen-nber oi' the Ilouse. 
ASIITABULA CRISIS MEETING. 
Mr. HUTCHINS. 1 ask the 
sent of the Elousc for leave to present thc pro- 
ceedings of a public meeting held at Ashtabula, 
Ohio, and to unove that tllOy bc to the 
select c.omrnittoe of thirty-II) rec. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec- 
tion, und they will be referred accordingly. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Before I can give 
my individunl consent that those proceedings 
refin•encc, I should like to hear 
shall take that 
what prospect there is of' 
rec,tnviiY' a report 
from tbc select committee thirty-II) ree. 
'I'he chairman of the com- 
Thc SPEAKER. 
mittee is not present. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The whole 
try is wait ill(r to bear w hut report that. conunitt.ee 
a atrainst anything• Inore 
to that committee, which sectns to have become 
universal grave for the reception of all the difli- 
cultica of all the people of all of the United States. 
Mil. MORSE. 1 that the resolution 1 send 
up to the Clerk 's desk be read. 
Mr. CLARK, Missouri. 
I ask that the pro- 
ceedings by the gentleman from Ohio 
I want to know what they are. 
The SPEAKER. have 
already rciörred, and it is now too late to make 
objection, or to ask for their reading. 
ORDNANCE AT WASHINGTON NAVY-YARD. 
It will, of course, go to the 
lowing resolution. 
Conn-nittee on Printing: 
Resoleed, That there be printed for the use of the House 
of Representatives twenty-five hundred copies of the report 
Crcnn the Executive Departtncnts on the subjectof the Afri- 
• slave trade, sent in in answer to the resolution of this 
House. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 must object to the res- 
olution. 
It will go to the 
Mr. MORSE. lhope not. 
Committee on Printing for its report. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. I insist on my objection. 
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be 
received, objection being made. 
ASIITABULA CRISIS MEETING—AGAIN. 
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 rise to a privileged ques- 
tion. move to reconsider the vote by which the 
proceedings of a meeting held at Ashtabula, in 
Ohio, were referred to the select committee of 
thirty-three. They ought to have been read, bc- 
fbre they were referred. When they are read, I 
arn satisfied that the other side o? the H onse will 
oppose their reference as much as any on this 
Mr. HOUSTON. Call for the reading of the 
resolutions. 
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 for the reading of the 
resolutions. 
Mr. HUTCHINS. 1 move that the motion to 
reconsider he laid upon the table. 
Mr. MORSE. I ask the unanimous consent 
Of the I [ouse for Icave to introduce the folkowincy 
II 
reso}ution : 
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested 
to eonununicate to this liouse the report of the superin- 
tendent of ordnance at the Washington navy-yard on rifled I 
cannon und the armament of ships-otlwar. 
There was no objection, and the resolution was 
read, considered, and agreed to. 
SLAVE TRADE. 
Mr. MORSE. I also ask _the unanimous 
sent of the House for leave to introduce the fol- 
Mr. CLEMENS. Let the be read. 
The proceedings were read, as follows: 
County Meeting. 
The Republicans of the county assembled in considerable 
nunlber at Jefferson on Monday last, and after ortranization, 
by calling Abel Krum, Esq., to Ibe chair, and electing Judge 
Parsons and A. B. 'i,Vatkins vicc presidents, and W. C. 
Howells and J. N. Wight, secretaries, selecte(l the follow- 
in (F gonoetnen as a con)tnittee on resolutions, to wit : 
Abner Kellogg, Sanntel Hayward, C. Sinu»tiiis, 
llcnry 
Krutn, J. i). n Illbcrt, Ed. A. Wrißbt 
b , and Albe Coleynan. 
During the absence 01' the cotnnxittce, the Inecting was 
Beach An- 
bv D. Cad we}l, Esq. 
and ilon. J. R. Giddings. 
'Phe (.•omtnittce on resolutions t.hctl su Ennitted the 
, after d ussi011, adopted : 
' etic Republicaus of -Ashtabula county in convcl) tion as- 
se it proper to express their views u l)on the 
present. condition of this Governnuent., and the (Iliestion.s 
non• elanning the attention ot- cvery Allierican citizen, and 
of all the civilized nations of the earth : 'l'hereiOre, 
Rcsotecd, 'I'hat while we deprecate the acts and threats 
of secession and disunion, as well as the bitterness and 
hatred Inaniti*ted by Ehe people of the slavc States toward 
the frec States. we assert, with entire confidence, that they 
arc not justified by any act of ours, nor hy any act or priu- 
ciple of the Republican party. 
That tile 
declaration of principles cot) tained in the 
Chicago eenbodies the true principles of all legiti- 
rnate Gf)vernlnents, and the principles upon which our 
Federal C n ion 'vas toundt.•d, and that any surrender or colli- 
pt•cnnise ot• those principles on the part of the North, or or 
the Republican party, would bc a surrender ot• truth to 
ihlsehood, or right to wrona, and a disgrace to ourselves 
and our posterity. 
3. 'Illat in the re.ccnt notnination and clectioru of Abra- 
Republican party 
hmn Lincoln and Hannibal llarnlin, the 
have exercised the wl:iell are guarantied to free- 
and tar the exercise of' such 
under the Constitution, 
rights t.hey can 'nake no a pol(jgy, aud ayk no a lion. 
•I, 'I'hat '.vhile .we pledge ourselves t.D faithfully preserve 
the ()orrstitntion in letter and spirit. we hereby declare ou r 
deliberatc and settled (leternlination to resist to the uttnost 
o" our Inoral and political power all frotn 
I atever 801n•ce l.hey Inay, 10 inalie any further coinpro- 
nuises with or concessions to slavery. 
5. 'libat whilc we sec innocent Inen shot. down upon the 
soil 0M Oilr f'rce States, barbarously Inurdered 
ence of our people, under the fugitive slave act, we regard 
wit_h abhorrence and scorn northern tnen wil() express a 
barbarities, to ill(luee slave- 
svilliugnes.s to intensify these 
holders to save tlle Union. 
6. 'Phat it is tile duty o? the Covernrnent to protect the 
public property, and resist, with strong a tln, t.hc amxres- 
rebels at Charleston ; and that thc course 
*ions at' the 
sned by President Buchanan betrays either ice and 
itnhecility or deliberate treason to the Go vert' nie nt; 
that General Cass, by separating hitnselt• ft•otn tbc Ad tnin- 
and refusing participate in its crilninal de}ays, 
istrat:on, 
ha shown himself a patriot. 
7. 'Ithat the speech delivered in the Senate of the United 
instant by B. F. Wade receives 
States on the 
our unqualified approval, and represents truly the feelings 
IVith Iliin 
the people of the North in the present crisis. 
we repeat, the day of is past." 
of Nce,v• lkunpdiire, and Repre 
8. "i'hat Senator Ilale 
scntatives Ilutehiug and Bing•bmn, f'rotn our State. 
our thanks for their prompt 
and we hereby tender to then', 
Inailltenance of our p:incipies in i i 
and ready action in the 
the present session of Congress. 
9. 'i'hat these proceedings he published in the county 
papers and the Ohio State Journal, and that a copy ()t• the 
proceedings bc forwarded to Hon. 
B. F. v;ade and our 
Representative in Coucrress. with a request that they be I 
presented to their respective klonscs. 
TliC mceting then adjourned sine die. 
A. KRUM, Chairman. 
W. C. HOWELLS 
Secretaries. 
J. N. WIGRT, 
Mr. COX. I am in favor of the reconsidera- 
{ion asked for by the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. HUTCHINS. Is the motion to lay upon 
the table debatable? If it is not, .1 object to my 
colleague making a speech. 
Mr. COX. 1 can speak to the reconsideration 
of the reference of the proceedings which were 
presented by my colleasrue. 
N:lr. HUTCHINS. 'I have movcd to lay that 
motion to reconsider upon the table. 
Mr. COX. I have the floor for the present. I 
do not propose to detain the House very long. 
Those resolutions ought to be characterized as 
they deserve. When they go to Ibe select com- 
mittee of thirty-three, that cmnmittee onght to 
understand what is the source from whence they 
emanate. They are conceived in hypocrisy, and 
they are hatched in disunion. They spring from 
that very spirit and class, w•hich, in connection 
with southern extremists, have, by law-breaking 
and nullification, brought about the peril which 
this con•nnittee is trying to avert. 
Mr. IIUTCHINS. call the gentleman to 
order. The motion to lay upon the table is not 
debatable. 
The SPEAKER. 'The Chair has received the 
motion to lay upon the table, and debate is not 
now in order. 
Mr. COX. Did the Chair receive that motion 
before I rose ? 
The SPEAKER. It was received in time, and 
is now pending. 
I demand the 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 
yeas and nays on the motion to lay upon the 
table. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
WITIIDRAWAL OF AN APPEAL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 
I withdraw the appeal which I took yes- 
ilege. 
terday from the decision of the Speaker. 
state, at the same time, that my opinion as to 
the correctness of the Speaker's decision has not 
changed; but, rather than embarrass so import* 
ant a proposition as tl')at. of my friend from Mich- 
igan, [Mr. HOWARD,] I consent to withdraw my 
appeal. 
ASHTABULA CRISIS MEETING—AGAIN. 
The SPEAKER. The question now on 
the motion to lay upon thc table the moti01) to re- 
consider the vote by which certain proceedings 
were referred to the select committee of thirty- 
'I'he question was taken; and it was decided in 
the affirmative—ycas 89, nays 65; as follows: 
Y EAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adatns, Adrain, Aldrich, 
Allen, Alley, Babbitt, Bealc, Bingharn, Blair, Blake, Bray- 
Burul.:un, C;unpbell, Carey, 
Burlingtune, 
ton, Buflinton, 
Cartcr, Case, Coburn, Covodc, Dawes 
Delano, 
l)uelt, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Farns- 
Goocll, Grow 
worth, Fenton, Foster, Frank, 
ickrnau, II indzuan, 
Gurley, Hale, 
Iloard, Wilkiarn A. Howard, nurnparey. Hutchins, Irvine, 
Junkin, Francis VV. Kenyon, Kil«rorc, Killinger, 
Lovejoy, 
C. Leo, Lontrrleeker, L,otnnis 
Marston, Charles l). Martin, McKeau. McPherson, 
head, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, (j!iu, 
Pahner. 
Pettit, Porter, Pottle, Edwin R. [{cynolds, Royce, Sed"- 
wick, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stevens, 
'l"nppan, 
'I'havcr, 'l'rain, 'l'ritnble, Verrce, Wade, Waldron, Walton, 
Cadivalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wells, 
aud Wilson—S9. 
NAYS—IIessrs. Green Adatn.g, h•ViIliam C. Anderson, 
' Barksdale, Barret, Boteler, Branch. Brigt-'*, 
Cox, James Craig. Craw- 
John B. Clark, Clernm' us 
Florence, Fouke, Gar- 
.John G. Davis, Reuben Davis. 
nett, Gartt•ell, Gihncr, flardt'lnan, J. Morrison Ilacris. 
John 
Hatton. 
ames M. Leach, 
Kunkel, 
Love, Maclav, Mallorv, S. Martin, 
nard, McClernand. iMcICQ11ty, Laban Moore, Sydenham 
Moore, Nitnaek, Noel}, Pendleton, Peytou, I 
C. Robinson, Sec)tt, Sillitns, Steven- 
Qnarles, 
son, Stokes, 'i'ltotnas, Vance, VVebster, Whiteley, Wins- 
low, VVoodsor:, and "'right—65. 
So the motion was laid on the table. 
During the vote, 
Mr. THOMAS stated that Mr. CRAIG, of North 
Caro}ina, was confined to his room by illness. 
Mr. HINDMAN said: Mr. Speaker, this com- 
mittee of thirty-three was raised to consider all 
propositions, all parts of the country. The 
resolutions introduced by the member from Ohio 
are propositions from a part of his constituents. 
As such, let. them go the committee. 
Mr. BRANCH stated that his Mr. 
confined to his room by illness. 
Mr. ALLEN said: Mr. Speaker, as all matters 
bearing upon the subject of the present state of 
