246 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 3, 
and with equal ability. If the salaries of the other 
judges are too great, they should, if possible, be 
diminished, wliich I suppose, cannot be done. 
But certainly that is no argument for raising 
the compensation of the judge of the northern 
district of Ohio. As to the judge of the southern 
district, I know nothing about the amount of la- 
bor that he performs; but I do know, from expe- 
rience and observation , that the judge in the north- 
ern district of Ohio is abundantly compensated at 
present. I hope the bill will be defeated. I move 
to lay it upon the table. 
Mr. PORTER. Mr. Speaker, it does seem to 
me that, in the present condition of our•national 
finances, we ought not unnecessarily to increase 
the salaries of public offcers. The question which 
addresses itself to us is this: whether we can 
command competent talent at the present salaries. 
I think we can; and I think there is not a west- 
ern State in which the best legal talent cannot be 
obtained for judicial stations at the present rates. 
In the State of Indiana, where the judge has to 
perform very laborious duties, the district judge 
has been for a year past in very bad health; and, 
in anticipation of a vacancy, the most eminent 
lawyers of our State havc cxprcssod a willing- 
ness to accept the position at the present salary. 
In Indiuna, we can command the best le•at talent 
at the present salary, and I have no doubt that 
is the case in Illinois and Ohio. Of course, if the 
salary of the district judges in Ohio is increased, 
the salary of the. judges in Illinois and •Indiana, 
where the duties are quite as onerous, ought also 
to be increased; but do not think it ought to be 
It: rnay bc 
increased in either of those States. 
said that these salaries do not amount to as much 
as the same legal talent would command in the 
profession, That is very true; but it Inust be 
recollected that these offices are held by a life 
tenure, and any gentlcman in the profession will 
cheerfully accept a judgeship for 
lift) at a much 
less sum than he receives from the practice of his 
hope, therefore, the bill will 
profession. 
pass, although it proposes to do an act of kill(.l- 
ness to a judge of In y owl') State, whom I highly 
I move to lay the bill upon the table. 
esteem. 
M p. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman will 
withdraw thc motion to lay upon the table. 
desire to say a few words in reply to him. 
Mr. PORTER. 1 will withdraw it if gen- 
tleman will agree to renew it. 
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 renew it. 1 donot 
think, Mr. Speaker, that the basis upon which 
the argument of the gentleman from Indiana is 
rested, as to his opposition to this bill, can bc 
sustained. 
Now, sir, it is patent fact that, in many of 
these States, the labors of the judges 
by no 
It is not the case in 
means equally distributcd. 
Kentucky; and I imarrine it is not the casc in Ohio 
or Indiana. In some of the large cities the duties 
of thc judgc occupy three fourths of the year; 
and vet, upon the arguinent of the gcl)tiernan, ho 
should only receive the same ns a 
judge whose official duties do not occupy morc 
than half that time. It (loes not, therofbre, foltow 
that the Ohio judge, whose duties occupy tlu•ce 
fourths of a year, should receive, no more com- 
pensation than a jud«ye in Indiana, whose d\.lties 
do not, perhaps, occupy him more than two 
months in the year. 
Mt. PORTER. 1 beg to state to the 
that, in Indiana, there is only onc district, and 
the duties of the judge are very laborious; but my 
experience is this: t_hat the length of t.he terms of 
these courts usually depends upon the adnainis- 
trative ability of the judges, that all these 
courts sit twice as long as they ought to. 
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, 1 certainly 
could not have misunderstood the gentleman from 
Indiana when he assumed, as a postulate, 
that if 
the salary of the Ohio and Kentucky judges vy'as 
increased, that of t hc Indiana judges must conse- 
queutly bc increased. That was certainly his 
position; and was undertaking to show that it 
was not a necessary coronary. 
Mr. PORTER. The gentleman has misunder- 
stood the basis of n) y arfftnnent. 
It was this: 
that the present salaries ought not to he increased 
if they could cornmand the best legal talent; and 
they do command the best legal talei)t in the coun- 
try; because, whenever one of these judgeships 
becomes vacant, the xnost eminent lawyers al ways 
apply for the place 
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 must beg my friend's 
pardon for saying that that is a non sequitur; be- 
cause $2,500 may command the best legal talent 
in Indiana, it does not follow that it will command 
the best legal talent in Ohio or Kentucky. I 
here offer against his opinion rniuc, that 
there are a hundred lavvyers in my State who 
would not accept the offce as a gift, and twenty 
whose practice would quadruple, if not quintu- 
pie, the amount of the salacies of these judges. 
But it certainly does not follow that that which 
applies to Ohio or Kentucky, either in regard to 
the labor imposed on the judges, or in regard to 
the talent which thcy should possess, is equally 
applicable to Indiana. I take it that the true cru- 
terion for fixing judicial salaries is to be found in 
the amount of labor that is to bc performed by 
the judges. A judge who holds court in Cincin- 
nati and Columbus, where multifarious duties arc 
imposed upon him, where admiralty cases are to 
be tried, ought not to be restricted to the same 
compensation that is given to judges who have 
not such onerous duties to perform. Nor does 
it follow, that because the salaries of Ohio judges 
are increased, every western State has a right to 
demand increase of salary for hcp judges. What 
are the facts in regard to Kentucky? We have 
but one district judge there. He has to hold 
court twice a year at Paducah, at Louisville, at 
Frankfort, and at Covington ; placcs. some of them, 
four or five hundred miles apart. The increase 
proposed to be made to his salary would abso- 
luteiy not pay his increased expenses in traveling 
to and from and living at these various points. 
And yct the gentleman [Mr. PORTER] says that, 
if tho salaries of these judges in Ohio and Ken- 
tuck y are increased, the salary of the district 
judge of Indiana ou"ht also be increased. I 
protest u«ruinst. uny such idea; and I hopc the 
House f.vill not allow such a principlc to enter 
into its decision when fixing the salaries of these 
judges. -When the district of Kentucky 
, place to hold court in, his salary \vas 
had but on e 
late Congress, however, 
that court should bc held at three additional places, 
and I confi- 
or five hundred miles apart; 
dent! y assert that if this bill were passed, so far 
as the salary of the district judge of Kent-tick y is 
concerned, [he increase wotild not. noorc than pav 
I thercf'ore 
his 1 ucreascd t.t•avciinc.r expenses. 
hope, not only in rega rd to thc St,atc of Ohio, i.)t.lt 
also in regard to t hc Slate of li.cntucky, that this 
I now, under my promise to the 
bill shall pass. 
gentleman Indiana, rcnew the motion to lay 
bill on the table. 
I would not be willing to 
do it. , except. at his request. 
Mr. ETHERIDGL'. the to 
withd ra wr the n'lt)tion for a 
I have no objection, if the 
r. PORTER. 
crent-lenaan will rent', w It. 
Mr. 1 wilt. 
Mr. BINGHAM. If this of farming out 
is to on, 1 shall not consent to any such thing. 
I suppose that if this 
NII•. ETHERI DGE. 
were a Inere questio of increasing salaries, 
erallv, at this time, arga wo uld 110t- change the 
opinions of any one. But I would suggest to the 
gentleman froin Ohio, [N'.lr. BXNGIIAM,] whosoerns 
so exceedinaly arn-ious to have the salary of t_his 
that within the last th ree or four 
iudge increased, 
rnon tbs t,l) ere 
ret, an * ncreasc 
the salaries of all tbc oflicers of the Government 
I {eretofore, 
of at least one hundred per cent. 
when salaries havo been increased, 
the 
was that nooney was not worth hati' as much as 
a telegraphic dispatch—that the Treasury is bank" 
I never pay rnuch attenti6n to telegraphic 
statements made by sensation writers; and, there- 
fore, this may be all untrue, and the Treasury 
may not be bankrupt. But I suggest to the gen- 
tieman that, if the Treasury be bankrupt, and if 
the credit off the Government be a }ittle üllåer par j 
it is quite as well for us to postpone the increas- 
ing of salaries till a healthy condition of our mon- 
etary affairs be restored. I am satisfied that this 
House does not intend to increase the salaries of 
any public officers. Therefore, in compliance 
with the request of the gentleman frorn Indiana, 
[Mr. PORTER,] I renew the motion to lay the bill 
on the table. 
Mr. PENDLETON. On that motion 1 call 
for the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered* 
Mr. CRIA,VFCRD. 1 move that there 
of the House. 
The motion was not acrreed to. 
The question was taken; and it was decidcå in 
the affrmativc—ycas 74, nays 47; as follows: 
VEAS—Mcssrs. Green Aldrich, Allen, Alley, 
Williarn C. Andcrson. Blake, Brayton, Buflinton, Burlin- 
amne, Carey, Carter, Case, Clelncns, Cobh, Coburn, John 
Cochrane, Colfax, Covode, Crawtörd, John G. •Davis. Rcuz 
bcn Davis, Delano, Dueli, Edgerton, Ely, Etherid«c, Frank, 
Gartrcll, Gilmer, Grow, Gurley, Hardeman, John Har- 
ris, I-latton, Hoard, Houston, Hutchins, Irvine, jones, Kit-- 
Kil!inger, Kunkel, DeWitt C. Leach, James M. 
Leach, Longnecker, Loomis, Love,ioy, Marston, Elbert S, 
Martin, McKean, McPherson, McRae, Isaac N. Morris, 
Niblack, Pettit, Porter, Edwin R. Reynolds. James C. Rob- 
inson, Royec, Sherinan, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, 
Stevens, Stokes, 'i'hayer, Thomas, 'l'rain, Vanec, • 
Wade, Walton, B. Washburne, and 
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Avery, Barksdale, Binghanu, 
Blair, Bocock, Branch, Briggs, Clopton, (Box. I)eJarhette 
Florence, Garnett, Gooch, II ill, Hindlnan, Ilolinan iam 
Iloward, VViIliam A. Howard, Hughes. Jackson, William 
Kellogg, Kenyon, Leake, I,ce, Logan, Mailery, Charies 
Martiil, Maynard, McClornand, McKenty, Millward, Mont- 
gmnery, Edward Joy Morris, Pendlcron, Peyton, 
Quarlcs, Christopher Robinson, Scott, Sinnns, 
Wilt iatl' N. II, Sinith, Stevenson, Vallandigham•, Waldron', 
and Woodson—47. 
So the bifl •avas laid on the table. 
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the, vote 
by which the bill was laid on thc table; and also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the 
The latter motion vvas agreed to. 
COLLECTION OF REVENUE. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the be 
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union, with a view to take up the legislative and 
I exccutzve appropriation bill. As I suppose there 
is desire to have debate, I shall move to make 
it a special order. 
Mr. BINGHAM. Is that which right- 
fully interferes with the can of cotnmittees for 
ret')ortB, which is, I understand, thc business in 
ord ec ? 
Mr. SHERMAN, lt•my has other 
reports to Inake from thc Judiciary Committee, 
he can nit.tke them now. 
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. There other 
I reports from that co»unittec ready to be made. 
I am instructed hy the J a• 
131NGHAM. 
i (l icinn•y Cornrnittct) to report back a bill (H. R. 
No. 901) further to provide for the collection of" 
in-h)orts, referred to it by this House, 
wit.h amend rncnts, and with a recommcndation 
I shall not ask to put the bil} 
that it saal} pass. 
upon its now; but I simply report it to 
Lhc I-louse, and move that it be recommitted to 
it was some years acro, owiD2 to the large arnount thc .Tüdiciary Committee, and printed, so that 
of tnoney in circulation, and to the great increase mcrnbcrs see what it is. 
M r. HOUSTON. How does this business come 
in the value of property. But within 
the last 
three or four Iiionth.s we have had a general razce- 
'Eho SPEAKER. As a regular report from 
Property is down; the expenses 
inm of thin«y.s. 
of living are dilninished, and a sa,nry of the 
Conuniltce. 
IIOÜSTON. And what does commit- 
IS as now, as a salary of 46,000 was three 
. tee ask to have done with it? 
months ago, for all useful and practical purnoses. 
Down South, where a judge mieyht. 
of Tho SPEAKER. To have the printed, 
rccolynnitted to t be conunittec. 
each year, be able to buy one necn•o, be can now 
IVY. HOUSTON. can I prevent that by 0b- 
buy two or Ihrec; and be can now buy three acres 
of land for one that he could formerly have bought. 
If 1 can, 1 will do so. 
The SPEAKER. Objection does' not prevent it, 
I th ink that. more has occ.urrcd within the last throe 
M.I•. BOCOCK. 1 want to ask gentleman 
months to increase the salaries of public officers 
Ohio in response to what petition or 
than has been done for many years past. A sal- 
ary of $3,0001ast year is worth $6,000 now. Every i I iution is this bill before the 'House? 
I would. iniorm the (Tentle- 
one knows the present value of nwney. and 
Mr. BINGHAM. 
nian frotn Virginia that it is in respouse. to 
[hill."' of' the (leprec:at.ion of' property. Sontc 
ber has stated [o me—perhaps {he authori(v 
resolution . 
