1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
253 
Mr. GREEN. I understood the Senator to say 
distinctly that he thought my colleague's prop- 
osition right; and that if he had the originalfram- 
ing of thc bill, he would put it so; but that it 
would,ieopardize the bill now to make any change; 
and yet, that he believed thåt if we passed this 
bill, we could then pass a supplemental bill con- 
taining the same arnendment, which he now says 
would jeopardize the Original bill. 
Mr. G WIN. The Senator is entirely mistaken 
as to my views. YVhen I made that remark, I 
referred to the amendment of- the Senator from 
Minnesota. 
Mr. GREEN. I will take the correction; but 
the arcrument is as stroncr in the one case as the 
other. He appealed to the Senator from Min- 
nesota: ' 'Do not make any amendment; it will 
jeopardize the bill if we put on that amendment. 
And 
We can never get it through the House. 
yet, before he closed, he said to the Senator, " I 
have no doubt we can pass a supplemental bill 
you all you ask." Now, if that is so, let 
us put the amendment on, and let it be ratified by 
the action of the House. They will do it in the 
do not believe 
one way as readily as the other. 
the House will defeat the bill because we are 
seeking to perfect it. We are not making radical 
changes. The preposition of rny colleague is 
simply this: when you undertake to accommo- 
date the State of Missouri, let Missouri be con- 
sulted; and do not let few strangers living in 
Massachusetts and New York have the power to 
make the location ofa branch which is ostensibly 
throsvn out as a tub to the whale to deceive the 
people of Missouri. Let Missouri locate it, and 
not the people of New York, Massachusetts, or 
other States, who, however honest and patriotic 
they may be, have interested motives conflicting 
with the interests of our locality. I shall, there- 
fore vote. for the proposition of n') y colleague; but, 
at the same time, I want to announce to the Sen- 
ate that there is another amendment which ought 
to be proposed, and which, if nobody else pro- 
poses, will, before the bill is perfected, giving 
any road, and every road, the ri"ht to form con- 
I want St. Joseph 
nections with this, to tap it. 
accommodated. I want the road from Burlington, 
Iowa, accommodated. I want all roads accom- 
modated. Without a provision like this, they can 
refuse connection, as I know they do in many 
States, and in many localities. The consequence 
is, that the cross roads are driven to the wall, and 
broken down, because these general, mammoth 
lines will not accommodate thcm in running time; 
nor will they permit a connection, but iOrce a 
change of freight frorn one car to another. All 
that ought to be provided for, so that any road 
should have the privilege, at its own cost, of form- 
ing connections with this. Then St. Joseph could 
have its tap, and Burlington, Iowa, could have . 
its; and so could all the roads crossing from the 
Mississippi westward. That ought to be attend- 
I do not like other features of the bit}; and 1 
will name one difficulty. Certain individuals are 
picked out and presented to Congress as the re- 
cipients of this bounty; yet they are not to act 
until they obtain charters of incorporation from 
the localiLics through which the road is to pass. 
It will, therefore, be observed, that we are first 
dictatincr to Kansas and Nebraska, to Texas and 
California, who shall be the corporators. I deny 
to Congress the right to say to California, " You 
shall make A, B, and C, corporators, and nobody 
else;" and yet this bill puts it exactly in that 
shape. We narne the persons who shall be incor- 
incorporation at all? By the frame of the bill, 
these mcn cannot act until the incorporation is 
had. As the linc goes through a locality not or- 
ganized as a Territory, inhabited by Indians who 
have no politicai power as recocrnized by us, no 
act of incorporation can be passed,' and hence 
that branch of the road is defeated forever; be- 
they can 
cause the Indians can refuse to sell; 
refuse territorial organization; and I doubt, if thc 
Cherokee nation, the Chickasaw nation, and the 
Choctaw nation, should all agree to it, whether 
it would come up on the conditions of the bill; 
and if we intend to secure M,'hat is promised, i•ve 
ought to put it in a shape not liable to be defeated. 
These are diffculties on the face of the bill. They 
ought to be provided against. 
If Iowa is to be 
accommodated by a branch of this road, Iowa 
ought to have a voice in its selection. If Missouri 
is to be benefited by a location of it, Missouri 
ought to be consulted in its location. 
If we are 
to provide means for the execution of this work, 
we ought to make it so effective that it never can 
be' defeated,' and not leave it in the power of 
Chickasaws, Choctaws, and Cherokees, and the 
Mormons, to defeat the whole cnterprise any 
moment they please. 
Again, sir, t.he practical effect of the bill, as it 
now stands, will be to pay an enormous bonus 
to make a short branch of the road, which wouid 
be useful as far as it goes—a heavy profit and an 
immense fortune—and the through road fail for- 
Fl'hat will be the consequence until some 
ever. 
subsequent legislation is had. As we foresee 
these things—and they are difficulties striking and 
paramount—can we not shape our legislation so 
as to avoid them? May we not take some effective 
steps which will prove, in the future history of 
the country, that we have legislated as wise men, 
who intend to accomplish what we propose ? 
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, 1 think the 
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mis- 
souri a just one, and shall therefore vote for it. I 
disagree entirely with this idea that we cannot 
make this bill what it ought to be, and then carry 
it through the House of Representatives. I do 
not think we shall want to amend it to any great 
extent, but I think we ought to make it as perfect 
as possible; and I believe, with the disposition 
now in Congress, that we can carry through these 
Pacific railroads at this session. I shall vote for 
the amendment proposed by the Senator from 
Missouri, because I think we ought not to do 
anything that shall appear to strike a blow at St. 
In my opinion, fixing this starting point 
Louis. 
at the mouth of the Kansas river, connecting with 
I the Pacific railway now extending from St. Louis, 
would be just and right; and I shall therefore vote 
for the amendment. 
Mr. G WIN. As I have stated, we cannot 
command the vote of the Senator from Missouri, 
who has just addressed the Senate, for any bili— 
or we cannot get the Senate to agree to such a bill 
as he. would vote for—and therefore think it 
hopeless to attempt to reconcile his diffculties. 
What I said in regard to the amendment of the 
other Senator frorn Missouri [Mr. POLK] was 
this: that it was not of vital consequence that the 
measure should bc thus amended; and it would 
I jeopardize the passage of the bill, probably, if we 
amended it in that form, when it •was not of vital 
It may not be. proper to refer to 
been presented to us. -I regard the connection of 
the Atlantic and the Pacific coasts -by-direct rail- 
way communication across our•own Territories; 
as demanded alike by thc interests of commerce; 
by the necessities of our postal intercommunica- 
tion, and by the necessities of our national deö 
fense; and above all, such a •connection •would 
furnish, in my judgment, a strong, and, trust, 
an enduring and indissoluble bond of union be- 
tween the Atlantic and Pacifie sections of. the 
coun try. 
Entertaining these views, sir, I am prepared,as 
I ever have been, to vote for almostany bill which 
shall give us such a connection, whether it pro- 
vide for one road, or for two roads, or for three 
roads, and, as I- trust, without a too pertinacious 
regard as to any particular line or latitude of its 
location. I say, let us, at all events, have a rail- 
way connection between the valley of the Missis- 
sippi and the coast of the Pacific, somewhere, and 
within the limits of our own territories. While 
I prefer, and shall vote for, the bill of the honor- 
able Senator from Minnesota, if that fails I shall 
still vote for the original House bill. I prefer that 
In my opinion, the questiOn with 
to none at all. 
us is between one of these bills and no bill at all. 
I repeat, the question with us is between one of 
these bills, as it stands, without amendment or 
modification in its details, and no bill at all for a 
Pacific railroad. 
i will say to the friends of Pacific railroad, 
if we begin with propositions of amendment in 
respect to the details of the bill, whether in re- 
gard to the termini of the road, in respect to the 
line or lincs of its direction, in respect to the 
amount of lands or the amount of bonds appro- 
priated, &c., there will be no reasonable limit 
to these propositions, and we shall run into an 
interminable debate, and the bill will be sacrificed 
and lost, as it was two years ago; not because the 
House of Representatives may not concur in our 
amendments, but because x.ve shall not terminate 
discussion here during the session. While there 
is an undoubted majority of the members of thig 
body in favor of some bill for a Pacific railroad, 
it is not to be supposed that a majority, or even 
any six members of the body, would be found to 
agree that every provision, every minutia, every 
detail of any bitl whatever that could be presented 
to us, was the best that could possibly be devised. 
We must yield something of our opinions and our 
preferences in regard to these minor questions of 
detail, for the sake of the great measure itself, or 
your bill is lost altogether. If we begin to amend 
m this particular, so that the bill in all respects 
shall conform to our own individual, personal 
opinions and preferences, there will be no end to 
amendments, but there will be an end to your bill. 
I repeat, then, again, that the question with us 
is, •between one of these bills as it is, and nothing; 
or, in other words, whether we will take one of 
these bills as it is, or have no bill at all. Both of 
these bills, I believe, have been very well consid- 
ered; their provisions are plain and easily under- 
stood, and I doubt not, well understood by every- 
body who desires to understand them. The 
general question ofa Pacific railroad, as presented 
to us in bills at different times, and presented in 
various forms, has been debated at length here, 
at successive sessions for the last ten years. The 
whole subject, in all its variety of forms and plans, 
consequence. 
is well understood, I believe, by all of us, and by 
the action of the other House of Congress; butl 
am justified in stating that the very amendment I the country. I trust, then, that we may come to 
now proposed was voted down there; and hence an early and direct vote, first, upon the substi- 
we have positive evidence of the fact that there is i tute offered by the Senator from Minnesota, and, 
if that fails, upon the original bill of the House, 
danger of thus amending the bill in the Senate, 
If neither of these bills, in their pres - 
because the House has already indicated by a as it stands. 
porated, and the bill says nobody else shall be 
admitted, except by the vote of a majorily of majority that they are not in favor of that amend-. ent form, can command the vote ofa majority of 
this body, I have no expectation and no hope, 
I therefore hope, Mr. President, when it 
them. Hence, they can put it as they please. Cal- ment. 
the is of such consequence to pass the bill as it came ! that any other bill, in any other form, can do so. 
ifornia does not have that discretionary act 
In these suggestions, I address myself particu- 
right to decide N,vho may be the proper recipients from the House—and the bill, in my judgment, 'i 
larly to the friends of a Pacific railroad. The 
of an act of incorporation. That ought to be gives precisely what the Senator wants—that we . 
shall not jeopardize it in any way, or interrupt opponents of such a measure in any form what- 
avoided. 
ever, will, of course, if they please, avail them- 
its immediate passage by amendments. 
r.l'here is another diffculty, which I will point 
FOOT. Mr. President, 1 shall vote for 
selves of the ordinary means of legitimate and 
out. Until the acts of incorporation in the sev- 
eral localities arc obtained, the road cannot be the substitute which has just been oft'ered by the parliamentary tactics to defeat it. Of this we have 
It puts it in the power of Utah to defeat Senator from Minriesota. I regard that as more no right to complain. But, sir, I trust, without 
made. 
this central road at any moment she pleases, by fair, more equitable, tnore just to all sections offense, I may be allowed to express the hope 
I will i; t.hat the friends of this important measure, will 
refusii)ffan act of incorporation. There is another the country, than the bill of the House. 
not defeat it, either by proposing a series of amend- 
I say further, however, that if' the substitute fails, 
difficulty. The road that starts from Fort Smith 
to connect at Fort Belknap, or in that vicinitv, It as at present advised I shall vote for the House I i ments, or what is worst of all, by debating it to 
I promise them, at all events, that 
the death, 
passes through the Cherokee nation, through tE3e bill. 
L am now, as I always have been, in favor 
Choctaw' nation, and through the Chickasaw na- ofa Pacific railroad. I have uniformly voted for will not set the example. 
tion. Can these tribes of Indians give an act of l! bills for that- purpose, in whatever form they have MI'. PUGH. Mr. President, i -am sorry that 
