254 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 5, 
the Senator from Vermont, following so closely 
upon the line indicated by the Senator from Cal- 
ifornia, gives us to understand that we musteithel' 
take this bill or be charged with defeating the 
whole project. I wish to vote for a reasonable and 
fair bill to aid in the construction of a Pacific 
railroad; but I cannot vote for this bill, especially 
uniess the amcndmcnt of the Senator from Mis- 
It is evident 
souri be adopted. Now, let us see. 
that the cities of St. Louis, Louisville, Cincinnati, 
Baltimore, and Philadelphia, are purposely left 
Iowa has her branch, and then 
out of this bill. 
it is left to the choice of particular individuals to 
locate the Missouri branch. If you locate it us 
the Senator from Missouri proposes, at the mouth 
of the Kansas river, you are nn connection with 
the present line of railroads from the cities of Bal- 
timoreand Philadelphia westward across the coun- 
try. 
The Senator from California thinks the corpo- 
rotors would make this as we desired; and that 
brings mc to another and capital objection to the 
It names certain individuals; and as the 
Senator from Missouri truly said, it gives to them 
alone any possible chance of ever constructin(Y 
the road. 'I'hey are named; they are to be incor- 
If the State of Cali- 
porated, and nobody else. 
fornia chooses to (nant her act of incorporation 
to other parties, they cannot come in under this 
ft rnust be these gentlelnen. More than 
that: they arc armed with authority to keep every- 
body else out. Listen: 
And such persons as a majority of such grantees shali 
admit as their associates." 
It is not to open books of subscription, where 
every man can go, if he chooses, and subscribe 
stock. These gentlemen are selected by name. 
r I'hey are to vo!e upon the admission or exclusion 
of everybody else; and the Legislaturcs of the. 
States and rrerritories Inust Oive then') an act of 
or there is no road. 'I"hat is the 
incorporation, 
law. Elcre comes another proviso: 
Provided, rllhat in any incorporation of tlaernse\ves, or 
with othcrs as stockholders or partners, to carry out the 
no person shall be pertnitted to sub- 
provisions act, 
scribe *tock to a greater tunnunt than the cash value of' his 
estate, t" bc (Ictct•nlined by the parties herein n;uncd, by 
oath or otherwise." 
So that, even if a man comes forward and offers 
to subscribe stock, i' is purely atthcir discretion 
to decide wil&rther the cash value of his estate is 
sufficient for him to bc allowed to becmuc a stock- 
the bill is full of it from be- 
holder. Why, sir, 
ginning to end. You can scarcely turn over a 
pa«e in which you do not find that the Govern- 
n-ient ln•oposcs to give its money and its lands into 
the hands of particular individuals, and arm theni 
with the power to coerce the legislation of lhe 
States and 'l'crritori.es; and, if that is the price of 
the Pacific railroad, the Pacific railroad nu.ty go. 
there arc a 'Yrcat I)'iany other Ijrovi•s- 
wcli, sir, 
pov;ck' to pass. We 
ions here thut doubt ot,U' 
have o•one on to declare what shall be the terms 
of certain acts of incorporation t.o be granted by 
rl'his bill carries 
the Legislaturcs of the States. 
the railroad in to the State of Califi) rnia and into 
the State of rrexas; and my friend frorn Maine 
[Mr. FESSENDENfl suggests to Ille, in regard to that 
ishing. r l'hat is to have two branches: one fronl 
the western border of Missouri, and one fronl the 
It is stipulated that 
westcrrt border of Louisiana. 
thcv shall not cornc too•ether east of the meridian 
of 570; but thcy may never come together tili {hpy 
reach the borders of California, and thus have two 
southern roads instead of one. 
Now, sir, that is to what I was 
about to say. Here is a bill which, as the Sen- 
ator from New York says, proposes to appropri- 
ate $96,000,000, the largest anu)unt ()t• money we 
have ever (riven for any purpose. It proposes to 
It has never been 
confer a principality in land. 
It is brought 
to any committec of the Senate. 
here from thc House of Representatives, read 
twice, and now it is proposed to put it upon its 
pass,cvre•, arid when an amenthnont, that the Sen- 
ator from California himself acknowledges to be 
right, is proposed, we are to have it voted down, 
under the general declaration that we must take 
M'hat the I-louse give us, or there shall be nothing 
Sir, I x.vill 
i:nportant that t herc shou\d 
I do deem. it 
tncat. 
be a connection between the Pacific States and 
the States of the Mississippi valley. I am anx- 
ious to give my vote for any measure which can I 
honestly and fairly promote that; but I will not 
allow the interest of individuals to intrude into a 
I will nevcr hand over 
question as large as that. 
the Treasury of the United States, and the public 
domain of the United States, into the hands of 
particulat persons who have the power to exclude 
cvcrybody else. 
It ought to 
Now, this bill must be amended. 
be amended. I have pointed out two or three 
objectionable things which have occurred to me, 
and I doubt not, there are others. The way to 
pass the bill is, to refer it to a committee of this 
Seriate, and havc it examined fairly and carefully. 
Then, if the House of Representatives are anxious 
for a bill, I take it for granlcd they wilk give the 
same fair consideration to our proposition, if we 
ao•ree upon onc, that we shall give to theirs; but 
I think, in its present shape, the bill is utterly de- 
fective, and as soon as the amendment of my 
friend from Missouri has been voted upon, I think 
the best thing the Senator from California can do 
is to connnit his bill, either to the stahding Com- 
mittce on Military Affairs, or, if he prefers it, to 
a select conunittee. 
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. trusting that 
this bill would pass without discussion—suppos- 
ing that each Senatm• had made up his mind as 
to its merits—I was content to fbrego the present- 
ation of my own views upon the amendment 
presented by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. 
POLK,] as well as all other questions relating to 
the bill, in hope that so vital matter to my own 
constituents would immediately become a law. 
:rhc evident spirit manifested not only by the 
Senator from Missouri, but also the remarks 
which have fallen froin the Senator from Ohio, 
[Mr. P (JGII,J as well as other Senators, compel 
Ine to not only reply to this amendment, but also 
to allude to the leading arguments in favor of this 
cyrcat Ineasuro. Objections which have bccn herc- 
tofot•c urged, arc again presented, arid rcquirc a 
friends of the Pacific 
protupt refuta tion by the 
railroad. My friend froin Ohio knows full well 
that the great difficulty in past legislation or; this 
su bject has been, that the local interests of Sen- 
ators arid Representatives have not been able to 
be overcorne. Tl'his very anw•ndment ',vas oflkn•ed 
il'i the House, and voted down by a very aarge 
It is utterly impossible to locate the tenn- 
vote. 
inus of this any other railroad contemplated, 
at a given point, without exciting great opposi 
I may be asked 
tion and general dissatisfaclion. 
why this bill locates one point of the sou thcrn road 
I answer, I do not know, unless i 
at, Fort Srnith. 
that by startin(r onc 
it, froin the fact, 
branch at Fort Smith, the southern con-hl)any 
would be prevented froin c.on-nnilting a fraud by 
blendii)g the t.wo roads whcrc thc States of Louis- 
I know of no other 
and Arkansas join. 
and Inrobably in this am taxintr in- 
reaso , 
But sure that if even that was pre- 
gen u it.y. 
the location of 
sented as an aunend mcnt, to wit: 
one branch at Forl Sm ith, i should oppose it, un- 
less for some such reason as the one suppose 
actuated the spccial connnittec of the House. 
Elaviurr said this much in relation 10 the arneud- 
southern road, something which is little aston- nroposed, I trust .1 will now be excused, in 
view of the great interest In y constituency feel 
, in adding a föw thoughts to those a}- 
ready delivered by the distinguished Senator from 
New York, [Mr. SEWARD.] 
Upon a previous occasion I stated to the Senate 
that the people of California, and, as believe 
l)cople of the entire Pacific coast, were loyal to 
this Government in every respect-. My friend 
from Mississippi [Mr. DAVIs] misundersiood me 
as saying that their allegiance depended upon the 
I passwre of this Incasure. Not so, however. 
then said, as I explained to the Senate, that while 
tho failure to ffive this railroad might weaken their 
attachinent, yet it could not destroy their alle- 
I know it reasonably Inay•be doubted, 
man ce . 
that we meet here daily as usual, to confer and con- 
sult with each other as to the best tneans of secur- 
ing the peace and happiness of the people, and of 
passing laws for their government and general wet* 
fare, is encouraging to the patriot and statesman, 
as it carries with it the gratifying assurance that, 
in the midst of hostile fanaticism, tho men in- 
trusted with the cares of State are not appalled, 
but quietly, calmly consider, with that dignity 
which befits their stations, those general topics 
affecting every class of society and every interest 
of our common and beloved country. 
Mr. President, this great republican Confed- 
eracy is yet bound together by other ties than 
mere political ones. We have yet other intcrcsts 
to subserve besides those of personal ambition, 
geographical predilections, local prejudices, or 
sectional bias. We are a great people, spread 
over a vast continent, having not only a thousand 
thoughts, feelings, aspirations, and hopes, in com- 
mon with one another, but havincr also a common 
languacyc, a common' history, an a common and 
indissoluble future destiny. We belong to each 
other, because we belong to ourselves, and because 
we could not be ourselves and be separated. It 
is our Union, for our mutual benefit, and without 
individual sacrifice, which bestows upon us the 
distinctive character of name hith- 
erto cherished, honored and exalted throughout 
the civilized world, and which we would lose, 
and with it all its prestige, and all the hopes which 
mankind attach to it, were we, in fratricidal ha- 
tred, to commit a monstrous suicide, with our 
task but half done, our historical mission left un- 
finished, our power as yet undeveloped, in the 
full enjoyment of our youthful energies, and with , 
as yet, scarcely the consciousness of manhood, 
hopelessly and despondingly tottering to the 
grave. There is a classic proverb, Mr. Presiden t, 
but it 
those " whom thc gods love, die young; 
docs not apply to nations. They have no life 
beyond the grave. Their rewards and punish- 
menls are of this world, and recorded in the his- 
r i'hey arc judged upon earth; 
tory of mankind. 
and their example is a warni1V, or an incentive 
to emulati0[1, to future peoples. And would it 
not be strange if, ill the latter half of the nine- 
tccnth century, when the disjected members of 
the nations of Europe pass through an heroic 
rivaling, in patriotic intens- 
strutro•le for reunion, 
ity and noble self-sacrifice, the most brilliant 
deeds recorded in classic history, we, the last born 
and most favored of' civilization, enjoying the 
benefit of the lessons of all preceding a(.res, should 
madly rush into disruption and political annihi- 
still hope that the passions of the times will 
subside, and that the checks and balanccs fur- 
nished by the Constitution will prove equal to the 
preservation of all our institutions and laws, and 
that we Shail rise from the present crisis in our 
national affairs, stronger, wiser, and more united 
than ever. Cherishing these hopes, and unshaken 
i)) my political faith, I, for one, shall continue to 
discharge my duty to rny constituents and to the 
whole country, regardless of the terrorism of fac- 
lion and the hypothetical threats and menaces of 
Inen unduly excited by the apprehension of evils 
which it is still in our power to avert or to over- 
cmne. And what tneasure farnishcsa more stiff'.res- 
tive subject for public discussion than the long-pro- 
rnuch-discussed, and diversified schemes 
of national railway, connecting our vast posses- 
sions on the Atlantic with our new empire on the 
Pacific ocean? What other measure is better cal- 
culated to increase the faith of Lhe people in the 
permanency of' our institutions? What 
proof can we give to the civiiized world of our 
determination to remain united than to fasten an 
iron girdle round our loins, which shall be both 
emblematic and indicative of our indissoluble 
unton? 
All our railways are so many iron clamps which 
present distracted state of our give solidity and strength to our Federal relations; 
whether, 
country, this is a propitious moment for urcrino 
but the Pacific railway wili be more than that. 
the construction ofa raiåway to thc Pacific ocean will be a solid arch, spanning our distant oceanic 
It is hardly t I shores, upon which the whole fabric may rest as 
upon the consideration (if Congress. 
to be prcstuned that a subject on which it was 'l upon an iron foundation. The great artery of our 
internal connucrce, the " father of waters," flows 
i inpossible 10 unite the country in time of pro- 
II 
uninterruptedly fropa North to South, mocking 
found internat peace, meet with better suc- 
(Vive no vote on any such rcqturc- cess now, when sectional parties have spruncy up the idea of separation; but the East and West are 
amoncr us, threatening to sul)vert. the Constitu- 
separated by mountains, and that separation must 
be arniihi\atef-l by genius and labor, aided by the 
tion itself, and to severzhc fraternal compact which 
binds us together as a nation. Yet the very fact national sentiment. 
