1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
255 
It is, in this point of view alone, an object of the j 
greatest magnitude, inseparable from our national 
existence, and our progress as a world Power. 
rnay enlarge on the commercial advantages 
such an iron artery; we may speak of the trade 
of Europe and Asia, of which such a railway will I 
become the carrier; of the exchanges of the prod- 
acts of our own soil, which it will facilitate; of 
the thousands and hundreds of thousands of acres 
of wild lands which it will bring into cultivation; 
of the vast mineral wealth which it will help to 
explore, a", all that; but the great, statesmanlike 
consideration, that which, in my humble opinion, 
outweighs all others, is, that it is essential to our 
unification, to the reintegration of our vast na- 
tional domain, to the redemption of' our great em- 
Pire on the Pacific from its present colonial posi- 
lion. 
As long as we are separated fi•orn you by deserts 
and mountains, as long as the grea,er portion of 
our traveling people. in going to and returninff 
from California and Oregon, liave to traverse for- 
eio•n countries and seas, we lack that continuity 
of power and influence necessary to the full en- 
joyment of possession. And if this be true in 
time of peace, how would the case stand in time 
of war? Would the Pacific States, in case of such 
a calamity, not be obliged to rely mainly on their 
own resources for all irnmediate purposes of dc- 
fense? Would not, in this case, California and 
Oregon, as far concerns the General Govern- 
ment, be lost possessions? And would not tbe 
inability to rely for assistance on the General 
Government destroy that national feeling and that 
unity which, 
in tirne of danger, is the essence of 
patriotism ? 
We must preserve the continuity of our terri- 
tory, if the same national scntitncnts, the stillie 
attachment to our Government, the same devotion 
to our institu tions, and the sarne fraternity of feel- 
ing shall pervade us ail; and this union of feeling, 
of interest, of attachment to a con•n-non cause, can- . 
not exist as long as we are separated from one 
another by distances to overcome which threo 
times the number of days is required which it 
takes to reach the continent of Europe. An ab- 
solute ruler, like the Emperor of Russia, may con- 
trol his subjects spreading from one continent to 
another; buta free Governrnent like ours requires 
constant interchancre of thought, and an actual 
commingling of the people, to perform its func- 
tions, and to fulfill its mission. 
The present condition of the Pacific States in , 
regard to our Confödcracy is abnormal, and so is 
the condition of the States reciprocally. 
Our mutual attachment is traditional rather than 
actual; it is based on our comrnon origin; but the 
children who are born and grow on that coast 
may not cherish the satne family ties,and, in their 
corn parali ve isolation, devote theinsc\ves to SILP- 
arate interests. A second or third generation fropa 
ns will bc unwilling, as I heard a learned Senator 
say, to come six thousand miles, through a for- • 
eicrn country, to learn how to be governed." 
It is to prevent this gradual alienation of senti- 
ment; thig growing diversity of interests in State 
and national aflåirs•, this impossibility of acting 
in concert in tilnes of great national calamines, 
which, than all other national considera- 
tions, ought to prompt Congress to accelerate, by 
all legal and constitutional tneans, the construc- 
tion ofa railway to the Pacific. 
Looking upon this as sufficient to justify so 
great a national enterprise, I am far frotn under- 
rating its rnilitary alid commercial importance. 
There are still considerations necessarily involv- 
ing the questions of connncrce, and the more urg- 
ino• one of military defense, which peremptorily 
challenge the attention of legislators, and of the 
whole country. 
I have already said that in time of war vvith 
any considerable maritimc Power, California, Or- 
emon, and NV ashingt0il r L'erritot•y, in their present 
would be lost possessions; because, 
condition, 
without direct comrnnnication with the main line 
able means of reinforcing our military posts, and 
of rendering that Federal assistance to the Pa- 
cific States which they have a right to claim at 
our hands, and which we are bound to render 
them by the terms of the Federal compact. That 
this assistance would become necessary, cannot 
for a moment be doubted. The geographical po- 
sition of Cakifornia, Oregon, and Washington 
Territory, but especially of California, invites 
aggression from an enemy. The continuity of the 
Atlantic States, the facility with which Federal 
troops or volunteers may be transported from one 
city to another, the dense rural population con- 
nected by railway with all those cities, render any 
attempt to surprise, take, and hold any one of 
them, not only hopeless, but rash and dangerous 
to the most powerful invader. This doesnot hold of 
the golden State, separated from tho center of our 
population and power, and stimulating, as she will 
ever do by her wealth and maritime advantages, 
the cupidity and envy of other nations. 
An isolated position may be held after it is 
taken by an invading force, when the latter is sup- 
ported by a fleet sufficiently powerful to keep pos- 
session of the sea-ports. With our small nucleus 
of a Navy. , with the few national ships we have 
in commission, and the constant rapid increase of 
European navies, our man-x reliance ftn• the pro- 
lection of our territory must be the Army and 
the militia, and the facility with which these may 
be directed fi•orn any point that may be. threatened 
to another, by means Qf steamboats and railroads. 
Destroy or diminish oar means of internal com- 
munication, and therc is not a harbor which may 
not be insulted, and no city on either coast which 
nnay not be sacked and burned. Our warlike pop- 
ulation would be of little avail in the defense of 
oar cornrnon country, if it had not the po•wcr 
of locomotion and concentration in considerable 
masses. But there is not a harbor or a city on 
our whole coast as much exposed to a forei«n 
Power as the city and harbor of San Francisco— 
no point from which an enemy's fleet, after hav- 
once taken possession, could with greater dif- 
ficufty be dislodged. San Francisco is the capi- 
tal of western America, of the whole western por- 
tion of our continent, as New York is the capital 
and commercial emporium of the whole eastern 
shore; and its loss or destruction would be equal 
to the fall o? a kingdom. 
it would, with one fell 
blow, rob us of our 
present supremacy on that 
ocean which is destined to become the larsrestcar- 
l'ier of international exchanges,and whose waters 
will wash the shores of the mightiest empires. In 
view of these dangers, to our already acquired 
Mr. President, looking abföa'd We Gee the riå- 
tions of the old world gradiially and'unavoidably 
drifting into a general struggle—aconflict of irrec- 
oncilable principles—which not Only threaten to 
upset the public law as it now stands, but the 
States themselves where it governs. 
The cohesive attraction of nationality and 
kindred is writing its protest in blöod against)thé 
arbitrary distribution of lands and peoples by 
hereditary Princes; and it is impossible for the 
public lav.' to be changed in one of those countries 
without invalidating its foi•Oe and application 
another. Happily for us, we have passed through 
that ordeal, and have shaped our public law in 
mutual accordance with reason and justiCe. 
While old empires are crumbling and new 
empires forming under controlling ideas, we may 
ourselves enjoy tranquillity and peace, if we have 
the wisdom, moderation, prudence, and strength 
necessary to maintain our neutrality. Our coun- 
try becoming, meanwhile, the depository of vast 
stores of wealth, our ships the carriers of Europe 
and Asia as during the long wars of the first 
French revolution. 
But ean we, without a railroad to connect the 
Atlantic with the Pacific, hope to derive all 'the 
benefits which must naturally flow from so ad- 
van tageous a position? Assuredly not. The 
commercial circuit round the world will not be 
completed; free interchanges of commodities will 
be impeded , as long as there is no adequate transit 
from Europe to India, across the American con- 
tinent. 
In case of a general war, the European 
Powers would surely be interested in keeping that 
transit open to their products and merchandise; 
for the Mediterranean would become the great 
theater of maritime war, and the Atlantic and Pa- 
cific oceans the only seas comparatively free from 
hostile cruisers. But it is not Europe alone which 
is changing her political map and her international 
law. Asia is in a state of revolution, from the 
Black Sea to Japan, and it will require generations 
before that old stage of the world-drama called 
history, will again enjoy comparative rest. 
not selfishness in us to profit by these events, any 
more than it is selfishness in a young and vigor- 
ous plant to thrive in the vegetable mold of pre- 
ceding organizations. And it seems to me to be 
the business of legislators to foresee events, and to 
shape their country s course to derive the greatest 
I advantaces when they actually occur. Hence, I 
say, let us improve the position and the hour, to 
establish bonds of commerce, which, protected by 
civilization and wise laws, shall invite the stranger 
as well as protect the native, and which once es- 
ad varitagc, there, is certainly just cause alarm, tablished and enjoyed, will not easily be aban- 
and for regarding a delay in the commencement ii doned for others, less secure or more diffcult of 
of a work which is so indispensable, to our na- . i accornplislunenl. 
But i have said there is no need of advocating 
Lional safety, as unwise and unpatriotic. 
Hence, thc construction of the Pacific railway the construction of a Pacific railway on account 
by indirect Govern tnent aid is not only justified of its commercial importance; and my only object 
in this digression was but to show that time is 
by the clause of the Constitution which makes it 
dnty of Congress to provide for the " national pressmg•, that if we would derive all the advant- 
ages expected from the road, we must be up 
defense;" but actually enjoined by every consid- 
and doing, not pausing with our arms folded till 
eration of common prudence and -public duty. 
Agrceinrr, uoon this point, entire! y with the able I events shall overtake us and find us unprepared 
arguments adduced, and clear exposition made for our mission. 
upon several occasions, by Mississippi's distin- We have a class of inen in this country who 
guished Senator, [Mr. DAvxs,] I noay hope we believe that there is no need of meeting the future; 
shall not differ as to the best plan for securing thc that it is unwise to anticipate the growth of civ- 
ilization and conmnerce; that the road when actu- 
execution of the work. 
As to the commercial advantazes which must II ally needed will be built by private enterprise. 
result to the w bole country from the construction There are even those who believe that the road 
of a railway to the Pacific, they have been dwelt will never be remunerative, and that its cost will 
upon and sot forth with so much force by distin- not be in proporti01) to the advanta«es which the 
guished mernbers on the floor of' both Houses of 
whole country will derive from it. 
Congress, and by the press, that. it is a work of To all these it may bc said that the advanttvres 
supercroo•ation to expatiate upon them longer. Oar which the connnunity derives from a railway, are 
not in proportion to the dividends paid on thc 
w l) ()le country ente but one opinion on the 
subject; and the cu liltnercial world shares that capital stock, nor to the rates its bonds and shares 
opinion with us. There is no tliinking man who are quoted in the inaraot•, and that the very doubt 
does not foresee a complete commercial revolution which exists in the minds of speculators in regard 
to the remuneration of the cnterprise in its incip- 
frorn its completion, and who does not look upon 
ient stacres, is the reason why the Government 
if. as inevitable. 
it under its l)rotecting wing, and aid 
should tak(•• 
Having nothing to add in this respect, I can- 
it by such means as the Constitution may place 
of defet)se. no position call bc held, against an not rcfrain from remarking that, as the civilized 
at its disposal. 
enepav in force. Neither can we hope, in a war world expects as to l)i.lild the road, all unneces- 
sary delay in the execution of the work will be i i cannot change the cupidity of specU- 
with a great maritime. Power, that the isthmus 
routes will be kept open for the transportation char(rcd to our want of capacity, to the lack of lators; it cannot prevent capitalists from seeking 
that conciliatory spirit wilit•rh is indispensable to i tcmptiDff in but it can oflZ•rinduce1nents 
of our troops and Initilary stores; for though the I 
the acccnnp]isbmcnt, by concurrent efforts, of any to capitalists and speculators to in under- 
Cen trai Americaa States might preserve their ncu- 
desig•n; and that the further postponement. takings which would ot.hm•wise be neglected or 
trality, they would still be liable to capturc on the b 
(torn tnunic,ation with California by it of that nafional task diminishps our standing i entirely eschewed. Some of -our own States' to 
encourage railroad enterprises, have subscri+ed to 
w•av. 
, through our own territory the only reli- anu)ng the great Powers of 'he world. 
