256 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 5. 
the capital stock; others have made loans or do- 
nations to private companies; while a few have 
themselves become part owners of the roads. 
A similar policy has been pursued in Europe, 
where the Governments, in some instances, have 
guarantied tho payment of a certain rate of inter- 
est on the capital stock, on condition that the 
road, after a certain number of years, shall revert 
to the State. 
are, fortunately, in many respects richer 
than any European Government, and able to 
afford much substantial aid without increasing 
thc charges of our Government or the burdens of 
the people. We have a vast domain whose value 
depends entirely on the use which we make of it, 
and of which wc may dispose, with reasonable 
care and prudence. for the benefit of the whole 
country. 
Such aid, it is believed, would be amply suffi- 
cicnt to secure the building of the road; it remains 
for us only to determine the mode and measure 
of its application. 
This leads, naturally, to the consideration of 
the constitutionality of the measure—a subiect 
on which many representatives in both Houses, 
mostly from the southern States, entertain more or 
less conscientious scruples. I confess I entertain 
no doubt on the subject; not, I can assure Senators, 
because I have the honor to speak for one of the 
Pacific States which may be supposed to derive 
the greatest advantage, but because I think the 
Constitution enjoins the duly on us to provide for 
the "common defense " and the " general wel- 
fare." Having shown, at the beginning of mp 
remarks, that the construction of the Pacific rail- 
way is necessary to the efiicicncy and continuity 
of the Union, it follows to every lover of the 
country, and to every well-wisher to America and 
to freedom th roughout the world, that whatever 
confirms and strenglhcns our Union is conducive 
to lhc general welfare. 
believe it equally clear—if not from the few 
rennu•ks I have made on the sabject, from those 
able arguments which have been madc in Con- 
gross—that the construction of the road is indis- 
pensable to our national defense, and as such, a 
proper subject Federal lcgislation. And I 
maintain further, that, even under the head of 
connuercial rogulations," the Federal Govern- 
ment ougfrt to reserve to itself' a certain control 
over the road, which it cannot do without con- 
tributing by some means to its construction. 'I'he 
transportation of the mails, of troops and military 
stores, ought at no time, and at no place, to de- 
pcnd entirely on the kind of bargain which the 
Governmet!t may be able to drive with individ- 
uals or private companies, but to be regulated as 
far as possible by the 
law, which should place 
the disbursements of the different departments of 
the Government, as far as practicable, beyond 
contingencies that may prove embarrassing to the 
Treasury . 
In the old States, the period for making such 
arrai')'re.ments has passcd, but in the I'lew Slates 
and 'I'crritorics they are still practicable—in 
former, by means of concessions and leffislat.ive 
enactinents of those States; in the latter, by Federal 
legislation . 
I am not a latitudinarian in the con- 
struction of the Constitution of the United States, 
but it is my firm conviction that the authority for 
aiding in the construction of the Pacific railway, 
for the pureose of securing the transportation of 
the United States mails and of troops and military 
stores at all times, at certain fixed rates, may 
bc legitimately derived from almost any power I 
granted to Congress by the Federal Constitution, 
cspecially froni the duly imposed upon it to pro- 
vide for the United States mail service. The ful- 
fillmentofthat duty necessarily implies the choice 
of means and the mode and time of compensation, 
which rnay either be in advance or on completion 
of the service; either in money or its equivalent 
in lands, as may be found most advantageous to 
the public. 
sitate rei. It is a casus omissus in the Federal Con- 
stitution; and we, must supply the deficiency as 
best we mays and ought, and can, fraternally. 
The right to annex territory seems to flovv' natur- 
ally from the war-making power. The power to 
make war implies the right of conquest, and the 
right of conquest necessarily implies the right of 
taking possession of and retaining the conquered 
territory. 
But the territory thus conquered and retained, 
must, according to the genius of our institutions, 
be placed on the same footing as atl other territory 
of the United States-—the joint property of all the 
States. 
On this principle we have heretofore acted; 
and thcrc is no good or sufficient reasons why we 
should depart from it now. We are bound to pro- 
tect the new States and Territories thus founded 
from time to time; and we owe them a govern- 
ment. Asa principle of American statesmanship, 
sve must endeavor to assimilate the new popula- 
tlons as soon as possible to the population of the 
old States, which cannot be accornplished by the 
simple introduction of similar laws and political 
instltutions; but requires also, as I" have before 
stated, constant interchange of thought, and fre- 
qucnt contact with the people of the old States. 
I-Iom0Teneity is an element of political power; 
and similarity of thought and feeling are essen- 
tial to the harmonious action of our political sys- 
tem. However rigorously the Federal Consti- 
tution may be construed in its application to the 
old States, the powers granted by it cannot but 
be invoked beneficially when their exercise tends 
to assilnilate und harmonize the inslitutions and 
peoples of distant Territories. 
'The new case which is presented by this rail- 
road bill, could not have been foreseen by the 
frntners of the Constitution; and all our action in 
relation thereto, must be dictated by enlarged 
views rather than by the necessarily contracted 
form of abstract law. The means employed ust 
be proportionate to the object; while all legisla- 
tion on the subject ought to be regarded as rather 
supplenuentary Chan immediately derived from the 
Federal compact. 
riAhe old plea ofa dangerous 
precedent" and the invasion of established lund- 
marks," 
can have no application. 
For case 
here presented is an isolated, exceptional one, so 
peculiarly specific in its nature, that there is no 
other part of the habitable globe which we tnay 
acquire and annex to which it could possibly find 
another application. 
I thereiöre repeat, it is my conviction that there 
is scarcely any power conferred on Congress by 
the Conslilution, which could not be legitimately 
construed so as to justify Federal legislation in 
aid of so great a national enterprise. But, if I am 
mistaken in this view, and the 
constitutional- 
ity" of' this bill admits of any doubt, then it is no 
small consolation to know that, in the ordinary 
course of human and natural events, it is not 
likely to be repeated, and that the immediate 
good of which it will be productive wikl not be 
counterbalanced by its misapplication to future 
cases. 
'I'hc next qucst.ion is, how and in what manner 
shall Congress aid in the construction of a rail- 
way to the Pacific? 'T hcrc is not a Senator on 
this floor who believes that t.he work ought to 
undertaken by the Govcrnnlent alone; and it is 
needless , therefore , to combata proposi lion w h ich , 
after the experience we have had in Goverl'lrnent 
works, is not seriously entertained by any mt.»n- 
ber of either House. No Government can com- 
mand faborascheap as private individuals; neither 
can it take thc sarne advantage of the n-:arket,. Be 
sides, Government IS not always the best admin- 
istrator of property, and its responsibility cannot 
be fixed with the same degree of certainty as that 
ofa private individual. 
ions; and I am ready to give it my hearty support, 
without amendments, trustine to experience to 
provide such supplementary legislation •as may 
be found necessary. 
In time we can see where evils grow up, and 
correct them. I would here say to my friend 
from Ohio, [Mr. PUGH,] that he could not draft 
a bill,.with all his legal ability, which would not. 
be found defective in some respect, before it had 
been in operation a year. We certainly do not 
part with all our power over the subject the mo- 
ment the bill passes. We have the right— 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow 
me to ask him a question ? 
Mr. LATHAM. Certainly. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. As 1 understand, bills of 
this nature are in the character of a contract. The 
Senator says that we can have supplemental legis- 
lation, if we only pass the bill, by which to right 
all these things. Now, I ask him, as a lawyer, 
to tell me—because that is a diffcuity thatopet•ates 
upon my mind—what right shall we have to pass 
any bill hereafter affecting this in any degree 
whatever, after it has once gone into operation ? 
We cannot touch rights that arisc under it, as 1 
understand it, in any way, either in oeneral or in 
detail. We can change nothing, as the bill stands 
If he will add to it a provision retaininc' 
now 
the power in C0i)gress to legislate hereafter as it 
may deem expedient, then it may be done; but 
war)t to knowr how it can be done without some 
such provision. 
MI': BRAGG. Ifthe Senator will allow me, I 
wish to make a in that connection. 
There is but one passatye in the bill that refers to 
that subject, and that is: in case the corporation 
conternilated in the first part of the bill, fail to 
perform their work, and it is to be done by a sub- 
sequent corporation cominc in their place, tl)ere 
is a provision that Congress may legislate as to 
this subsequent corporation, but not as to the 
first one. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am speaking as the bill 
stands now. When the corporation named get 
possession under this bill, if it passes into an act, 
want to know what possibility there is to touch 
it in any sha e or form? 
MI'. BRA I agree with the Senator en- 
tircly. I merely wished to state that there was 
only this one provision: 
that if the first corpora- 
tors named should fail to perform the work, and 
subsequent parties should do it, then Congress 
may legislate as to those subsequent parties. 
Mr. LA'I'HAM. understand the questions. 
My answer is simply this: So far as the. giving 
of general privileges to the cmnpany, I suppose 
the Goverumcnt will have passed away its inter- 
cst; it will give to it vested rights which no sub- 
sequent legislation can chance. 
But I do not im- 
acrine that we have. not the power to make any 
subsequent legislation which may be required to 
correct such abuses as time may show, violating 
the spirit and intent of the bill. 
Why? In one section of the bill there is a pro- 
vision that the offcen•s must report its condition 
annually to thc President of the United States, 
which may show abuses that may require supple- 
merittu•y legislation. 
I do not apply this to the lands or credits given 
by the Government. 
I Inercly speak of the man- 
agement of tbc company in securing the great end 
tn be attained by the bill. 
If other Senaors say 
thut there is no such security in the bill, I would 
certainly vote for such an amendment, no matter 
what mieht bc the fate of the bill; because, with- 
out it, a great door to ('l'aud would be opened, and 
rny constituency would, in the end, be great suf- 
fen•crs a total failure of' the work. 
But to proceed. I want to sec Congress make 
such liberal of aid as shall induce respect- 
al)le capitalist.s, and not rncre speculators by pro- 
It is better for the Government, therefore, that fession, to take hold of the cnternrise and to com- 
a private company undertake the work, offerino• 
plete it without corning before Congress for addi- 
that company such inducements and enconra«re 
tional grants, •which we might be obliged to vote 
In treating of this subject, and especially at. this ments, in the shape of conditional donations of for, if we would not. lose what we may hayc ap- 
, it is acrreeable, as well as wise, to reflect, 
ti me 
Mr. President, that in the forming of our Federal 
Constitution little or no attention was paid to the 
IY)0dc of acquirincr nex.v territory, either by pur- 
chasc or conquest, consequently no mention is 
made as to t.he manner in which those Territories i' 
shall share the benefits of our Federal system, as 
well as the privilege of independent States. All 
our legislation on this subject has been ec neces- 
lands and Government contracts for tl'le trayns- propriatcd in furtherance of' the work. Fully as 
portation of the luails, of troops, and military many frauds may be committed by giving public 
stores, as unay be suffcient to insure its final 
contracts to the lowest bidders, us by giving them 
completion. Such a of procedure avoids to named corporators. I E) this project, where the 
many constitutional objections, and is Inore prac- main point to be secured is the perfortnance of 
tical than 
n n y other plan which has yet been pro- i the work in a creditable manner, 
it would not 
posed. The present bill under consideration, re- 
seem, therefore, good policy to invite proposals; 
ported by Mr. CüRT1s, of Iowa, chairman of the but tlle Government itself should select the most 
select committee of the House, has these provis- enterprising and responsible men, whose reputa- 
