THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 21) SESSION. 
tion would be ample security to make the fulfill- 
ment of the contract certain. 
I shat] now consider a point which has given 
rise to endless discussions, and which is more 
likely to hamper the friends of this measure in 
their support of the present bill, (Mr. CURTIS'S,) 
or any other bill relating to the same subject, than 
all the constitutional objections urged by its op- 
I mean the diffcu!ty of selecting the 
ponents. 
propcr startin(F point, and the proper direction of 
the road to the desired terminus. Various routes, 
in d ifferent latitudes, have. been surveyed,or rather 
reconnoitered, each route havino• its own particu- 
lar parlisans in and out of Congress. 
It would 
be a hopeless task to endeavor to unite all the 
friends and partisans of all thcge routes on a par- 
ticular plan; but I believe the present bill before 
the Senate satisfies a larger majority of the friends 
of the measure than any other bill ever before 
Congress. 
I am not the advocate of any partic- 
ular route or routes; neither am I the partisan of 
a particular latitude. A great deal, perhaps more 
than is conducive to the success of the measure, 
has been said on this subject, without 
produced Inuch conviction, ora disposition on the 
part of either to yield their predilections. Neither 
'have we, I believe, suåcient data to come to a 
satisfactory conclusion on the subject; for much 
that has been said and written in regard to it is 
purely conjecture; for while thc Government 
omcers have done immense service in their ex- 
plopations, yet no actual mathematical survey has 
been had to enable us, or any one else, to determ- 
ine with absolute accuracy which of all the routes 
proposed is cheapest, most direct, and the most 
advantageous. A reconnoisance is not a survey; 
and for this reason a wide maro•in must be left, as 
in the present bill, in the computation of the cost 
and the appropriations necessary to cover such a 
part of it, as to prevent a failure or the total aband- 
onrnent of the enterprise. 
Again: to suppose, as many real friends of this 
measure contend, that one route only ought to be 
selected, and that the whole of that route is already 
sumciently indicated by the explorations which 
have been made by ordcr of the Government, ap- 
pears to mc more than hazardous. Some years 
ago, when the Erie railroad was constructed, that 
road was thought capable. of absorbing all the trav- 
e], and even superscdinx steamboats and canals, 
to the great lakes and Mississippi valley. Now, 
one and the same Slate, New 'York, furnishes 
two such roads—namely, the Central, connecting 
with the Canada railways; and the Erie—while 
Pennsylvania and Maryland have the Pennsyl- 
vanja Central and thc Baltimore and Ohio rail- 
For a time we 
roads to perform the same offc.e. 
may have but onc railway to thc Pacific; but as 
certain as the country will increase in wealth and 
population, additional roads, brancl)es, and con- 
nect.ions, will be built to divide the travel and the 
forwarding of merchandise. It is only the be- 
ginning which is difficult, and which rcquires an I 
outlay-of capital disproportionate to the probable 
It is to start the work, and 
immediate return; 
to complete it within a reasonable so as to 
meet the in-nnediule oc the country and 
of the civilized world, that the aid of Congress is 
now invoked. Although it may seem strange that, 
wl)ike we can 110t acrree on one route, this bill 
should propose two roads on different routes, yet, 
in my .l;umblejadgment, we considerably increase 
the probability of havinæany road built by makii1T 
provisions for a northern and a soutliern route as 
the only means of satisfying the majority of Con- 
TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1861. 
No doubt exists in my mind, that in the course 
of time both roads, as provided for in the bill be- 
fore the Senate, will be built, and that they will 
materially add to the prosperi!y and power of the 
whole Union. 
if we cannot divide the road, as 
seems impossible, between the North and the 
South, to the satisfaction of all parties, let each 
of them have a whole road, and let the result 
show which of the two is the most feasible, and 
on that account most likely to yield 2-1 return to 
its stockholders. There seems no other way to 
bring the difference on this point to a close, or of 
unitino• a majority on any Pacific railway bill 
that rntiY at any time be acted upon by Congress. 
In presenting this view, I am aware it may con- 
flict with the judgment of the Senator from Mis- 
sissippi, [Mr. DRvrs,] who has given to the coun- 
try the benefit of so much patient research and 
reflection. But even he employs language, in 
speaking of. the impracticability of the norihern 
route, whose moderation is worthy of imitation. 
The honorable Senator says, in his speech before 
the Senate, in January, 1859: 
In treating of this northern route, I did not, as the Sen. 
ator seems to assume, declare that it was irnpracticable. 
On the other hand, stated that it was practicable—prac- 
ticable, but vastly expensive; expensive because of its 
tunnels ; expcnsivc because of the short curves so well 
described by the Senator fronl Iowa; expensive, also, be- 
cause of the heavy e:nbankment.s which were to be made, 
and which, in the very brief period of these explorations, 
could not be accurately detennined." 
Now, is it not possible that further explora- 
tions, for which sufficient time shall bc granted, 
guided by the interest of the company named in 
the bill before the Senate, in section one, may, in 
some measure, modify the conclusions drawn 
from the results of this hurried exploration? 
Again: in the Secretary 's report, Captain Pope 's 
testimony in regard to • the route of the thirty- 
second parallel is referred to in the followirp 
terms: 
From the report of Captain Pope, it would appear that 
the belt of iZrtiIe land, •vvhieh lies on the west Side of the 
Mississippi throughout its length extends on this route 
nearly to the head waters of the Colorado of Texas, in about 
Ionoitude 1020—that is about, three dearees further west 
evidence adduced 
than on the Inore northern routes. 
in support of this opinion is not., however, conclusive." 
I quote this language as not only showing the 
candor of the Senator from Mississippi, but that, 
oven in his judgment, the explorations made (at 
least some of tfiem) did not present sufficient datc 
to bc conclusive on the feasibility of the routes 
explored. 
The langua&e, also, of the different reports of 
the exploring officers made to the Secretary of 
War, (1Mr. Davis,) is similarly guarded, such as 
befittcd inen of science to employ, considering 
their limited opportunities for observation , and the 
almost entire absence of actual scientific measure- 
mcnts. 
Though these reports and thc report of the 
honorable Secretary of War may sumcc to excite 
hopes, or to confit'ln predilections in favor of one 
or the other route, they would scarcely justify a 
company or companies in making an actual ex- 
penditure of Ilioney•, and for this reason, the bill 
beforc us is very properly silent as to the selec- 
tion ofa specific latitude, giving that privilege to 
the companies, under certain named restrictions. 
It is not likely that any company, composed of 
practical business will commence building 
either road before a scientific survey has been 
Iliad—I mean an actual mathematical survey, with 
proper measurement of distances, and a thor- 
ough exarnination of the ground at different sea- 
sons. Alld '•.vheil this is done, though the present 
gress and of the people of the different secti€ns of 
bill provides for two roads, I do not think any 
the country. Whether for gc»od or insufficient 
reasous, conflicting opinions as to the best loca- Senator need be afraid that more roads wili be 
built than are likely to promise remunerative 
NEW SERIES...;.NO. 17.. 
crossed this continent twice myself, ori diffe+drft 
routes and at different seasons of the year,' I' will 
be pardoned for saying that, from actual observ- 
ation, 1 do not bclieve either of these objecgions 
tenable either aoainst a northern or southern; route'. 
It is doubtful, in the first place, whether, in the 
present expanding condition of chemical and geo- 
logical sciences, any one can justly say, " Tliis 
is, orforever will be, an irreclaimable wilderness. 
The valleys of Arizona in July do not look worth 
the. recording fee; but in October I have seen them 
rich in verdure and in cereal =rowth. Whether 
a wilderness may be reclaimed, oris of value, de- 
pends alone upon the climate, variation of sea- 
sons according to latitude, and the character of 
the people who explore an-d occupy it. .A man 
born and bred in the fertile " bottoms " of the 
Mississippi, Missouri, rivers, might Oven 
at this day traverse some of the most civilized 
parts of the world, and, but for the palaces, cities, 
and flourishing villages, pronounce the Soil, in 
the language of the reports, " one of sterility, 
cornpared with the luxuriant growth of either of 
the above-named valleys; it may be, and yet sup- 
port millions of an industrious and highly-culti- 
vated people. 
to history, so poor did the soil and 
clirnate of bngland appear to the Romans, that 
Julius Cæsar thought it not worth the expense of 
a Roman legion, and retired; yet, at this period, 
an acrc of land near London will no doubt ren.t 
for more. than the actual price ofa hundred acres 
of-land in the vicinity of the Eternal City. 'The 
military reconnoisance of Julius Cæsar and •his 
omcers did not discover coal, tin, or copper; 
though the Norman navigators who came after 
them acquired a pretty accurate knowledge of the 
metallic richeu of the island. The progress of 
chemistry furnishes a variety of fertilizers, which 
have made the waste fruitful and the meager soil 
abundant. How many thousand acres of land 
in both hemispheres have already been reclaimed 
by the applications of science ! 
Again: it is said the land will not support a 
population, except by artificial irrigation, which 
IS ministering to it in extremis. To say nothing 
of the artesian wells so successfully used in my 
own State, I need only remind Senators that ca- 
nais are not only now used there for agricultural 
as well as mining purposes, but have been in Mex- 
ico and Arizona from immemorial times. 
The plaifis of Lombardy, perhaps the most pro- 
ductive reoions of all Europe, arc irrigated to-day. 
So was, and so is, Egypt. Germany, from the 
stand-point of the Mississippi valley fertility, is, 
with the exception of the river bottoms along the 
Rhine, Danube, and Elba, an irreclaimable des- 
" though, according to statistical accounts, it 
ert; 
supports somewhere near forty-five million peo- 
ple. The province of Brandenburg, in Prussia, 
was for a long timo a barren waste, and several 
attempts to render it habitable failed. When its 
cultivation was first undertaken by the hardy men 
of northern Europe, it was not even productive of 
anything like our thrifty and nutritious plants 
nvusquite and artcmesia. Upon the plain where the 
magnificent city of Bprlil'l stands, having not only 
some half million people, but being the center 
of Germany and the capital of one of the great 
Powers of Europe, the sand is so fine and abund- 
ant that heavy penalties are imposed against 
bakers mixing it with their flour. With such his- 
torical examples before us, Mr. President, why 
should we despair of our western territory, and 
of the capacity of our vigorous and enterprisin«r 
race to penetrate and to render it subservient to 
the genius of our people? 
The objections as to mud lakes" and very 
deep snow" along somc of the routes which may 
tion and the practicability of the route exist in 
bc selected under this bill, are also free from ter- 
returns to the stockholders, and corresponding 
different sections of the country, which neither 
ror. 'Who does not remember that the '4 mud 
published reports nor arguments presented have advantages to the •public. 
been able t.o ren•love, and Which, it seems, can only i I Again: those who have road the reports, witha lake" described by Sallust, in which the legions 
view to ascerta.ininR the feasibifity of this road, will of Varus found their (naves in Gerrnany, is now 
bc reconciled by offering to each section a practical 
opportunity of testing the question by actual ex- find great stress laid on the rcmunerative quality reclaimed by civilization; while 1110 wood which 
periment. This will removc ail doubt, all cause of the lands over which the road is to pass, and pro ved so destructive to the Roman-general 
by carcful fostering, preserved as valuable prop- 
the great natural obstacles it is to encounter. 
of complair:t, all sectional jealousies and regrets, 
I lavine, during the adjournrnent Of Congress, 
and, i.t is to be hoped, all sectional opposition. 
17 
