1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
261 
will slate that this bill has passed through the II merely to hamper the bill and not to secure the 
examination of the House of Representatives; that great object which I think its friends have, to 
it was there submitted to a special committee; wit: to get the bill passed at once, in order to 
that that committee was composed, as generally commence the work. 
Mr. LANE. Is it now,' in order to move an 
understood. of the most intelligent men of that 
amendment? 
body; and that those names, to which the Sena- 
tor makes so much objection as having granted The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FfTz1'AT- 
RICK in the chair.) There is an amendment to 
to thern special privileges and benefits, were scru- 
tinized and inquired into by that committee. an amendment already pending. 
Mr. LANE. Then 1 shall offer my amend- 
Now, as the Senate has seen fit to make an amend- 
ment to this bill, and it must necessarily, if it is ment after the vote is taken on that amendment. 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, itis well known 
passed in this form, go back to the other House, 
1 will •say to the Senator from Louisiana, that ! I that, for many years past, have departed from 
certilinly the mention of certain names in the bill 
will be no obstacle to including others in the spe- 
Cial privileges granted to those individuals named 
in the bill; and if he regards his State, or the cit- 
izens of his State, as cut out of any of thosc priv- 
ileges and benefits, if he will propose the name 
of any gentleman, or any number of gentlemen, 
whom ho regards as respectable, enterprisincr 
men, who will take hold of this niattel' and push 
it through, as it is supposed the gentlemen named 
would do, I have no doubt the Senate would vote 
them in, •if he makes that a cause of complaint. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. is not in to par- 
ticular individuals. What I want is not a pro- 
vision in this bili by which no men but those 
selected by anybody, and their associates, shall 
alone share the privileges of the bill; but I x.vant 
some provision by which the whole of the people 
of the United States shall be put u poi') a ccnnmon 
I '•.vant some pro- 
footing, and with equal rights. 
vision in this bill by vn•tue of which books shall 
be thrown open, and everybody that chooses to 
subscribe may subscribe, and share in those Len- 
cfits which we are Tiving to those that choose to 
here is a 
make a i•oad of this kind. Why, sir, 
provision in regard to these men and those whom 
a majority of such grantees shall admit as their 
associates. What is the meaning of tbat clause? 
Why, is it not anybody that chooses to sub- 
scribe? Does not the Senator see there is some- 
thing behind this? Did he ever before observe a 
case in which a body of men proposed to accumu- 
late a capital of hundreds of millions of dollars 
for carrying out a great enterprise, and refused 
to throw open books for subscription ? 
Mr. LATHAM. ask 
If the Senate will in- 
tion, if he will permit me. 
sert the amendment that he suggests, that books 
shall be. thrown open, subject to such limitations 
as that section provides, will he then vote for the 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 will vote for thearnend- 
I 
I will make the bill as perfect as [can. 
ment. 
opposed to the Pacific railroad bill; but if one 
is to pass, want it to be so guarded as, at all 
events, to do as little damage to the people of the 
The idea that because I am 
country as possible. 
opposed to the bill itself as, in rny judginent, a 
usurpation of power by Congress, that I shall not, 
therefore, make it as innocuous as possible, if the 
bill is to pass, is a very strange proposition. 
Mr. LA'I'HAM. I did not make tl')atobjection. 
The Senator misunderstood me. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I say this is a provision 
such as I have never before seen in any enterprise 
on the face of the earth. I have never before seen 
an enterprise on the face of the earth for accurnu- 
fating capital and tabor in great enterprise to be 
inaugurated under the protaction and with the 
patronacre of the Government, in which a certain 
number of men were selected to receive the whole 
between themselves and such associates as a ma- 
will 
jority of these proper to admit 
propose a clause—will the Senator vote for it?— 
by which books shall be opened and every citizen 
put upon an equal footing. ask the Senator, 
will he vote for that? 
Mr. LA'I'HAM. I will vote for any just pro- 
vision to this or any other bili which will secure 
the great object—wl-lich is the stumbling-block to 
this scheme—to get it under way. That is my 
answer. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will prepare an amend- 
ment in accordance with the views I have ex- 
pressed, by which thc privileges of this bill shali 
be thrown open to every citizen of the United 
States, and not confined to a close corporation. 
those with whom was usually associated, in ad- 
I vocating some plan of coupling the Pacific coast 
with the valley of the. Mississippi. 
i have con- 
, sidercd it a physical problem, worthy of the high- 
cst cfTorts of a great pcoplc, to overcome that diff- 
culty which, in ail history, has shown that inen 
could not be aggregated together under one Gov- 
ernmcnt if they were divided by ilnpassable 
I have thought it an achievement 
mountains. 
worthy of our age and of our people, to couple 
with bonds of iron the people of the Pacific svith 
the valley of the Mississippi, and show that even 
the snow-capped mountains intervenin«ycould not 
divide them. 
At the saune time, I have believed also that this 
was only to be done by throwing the route open 
I to the selection of the capitalists who were to 
build the road, and giving those advantages which 
the Government might give as a party in interest, 
to be, benefited by the construction of a road for 
its •purposes; not making a Government road, nor 
making it out of the Treasury of the United States, 
regarding it as a road which had commercial and 
political considerations in which individuals might 
have interests, and in which the Government had 
an interest for the transportation of its troops, its 
munitions, its mails, and to that extent become a 
party to its construction. 
But, sir, there never has been a day, emulous 
as I was to see t.his great triumph achieved by my 
country, when I would have consented to turn 
over this great enterprise to the hands of a self- 
constituted corporation, men who have, named 
themselves, and get Congrcss to take their namcs, 
that they may be recipients of grants so extensive 
ill their character, that the world has never seen 
the like—powers, the cnd of which no man can 
see, for this great artery that couples the pro- 
We have seen now -:mode "Of 
objection, which the time will 
it, with the appearance frienaship, 
but with all the tenacity of enmity. Gentlemen 
forget in their objections, as I think, whatever 
may be learned from experience as to legislation 
upon subjects somewhat kindred. Now; I usrk 
derstand the distinguished Senator from Missis- 
sippi, who has just spoken, to sty that he-will 
not go for any measure which will give the Gov- 
ernment political control, and that he will not go 
for any measure which will tend to enrich- indi• 
viduals. 
Mr. DAVIS. • Isaid nothing of that sort. 
Mr. BAKER. Did you not say so, sir? 
Mr. DAVIS. 1 said I would go for no organ- 
ization which was for the purpose-of enriching in - 
dividuals. Any public work m which individuals 
engage may enrich them; but if the object is to 
enrich them, I scorn the cormection. 
Mr. BAKER. And, Mr. President, that scorn 
will no doubt be very effectual in that respect, 
from the present appearance of things. am 
afraid the gentleman will scorn any road. I think 
the scorn that you express as to that will attach 
itself to any proposition that we, who really dc- 
sire a road, may make. I think what the gen- 
tleman has said foreshadows that very clearly. 
That line of objection which attacks a measure 
because the Government, may have too much to 
do with it, and which expends itself in increased 
zeal of attack because individuals may have too 
much to do with it, will leave it between two 
stools, and Ict it fall to the ground. 
One gentleman objects that he will not make 
grant of land to anybody, for anything, exccpt 
subject to the condition that Congress shall super- 
vise State legislation and approve the acts of in- 
corporation that individuals may get at the hands 
of the State governments: All that class of ob- 
jection is—I will not say intended, but I will say 
framed—to defeat the road. Now, after ten years' 
struggle; after hope so lonc delayed; when the 
Repi•esentativcs of the peopl) by a large ma- 
jörity, after every conceivable objection has been 
made and answered and overcome; now, when 
the condition of public affairs, when a desire to 
end sectional strife, when desire for the Union, 
when every reason so well presented by the dis- 
tinguishcd Senator from New York would seem 
to point out LO us the necessity of doing it now, 
ductive recrions of the Pacific coast with the pro- i and at once, it appears to me that weare further off 
from it to-day than ever; and the. reason why it 
dact.ive regions of the valley of the Mississippi, 
is to have a controlling power, financial and po- 
litical, beforc which the United States Bank stands 
but asapitrmy. To turn this all over, 
then, to a 
self-constituted corporation, and here to vvrrangle 
i about whether it shalk start from a certain initial 
point or not; whether it shall wind through a ccr- 
tain valley, or whether it shall take some other 
linc, is to waste the encrcries of a great people 
upon the greatest physical problem that has ever 
been offered to the consideration of man. 
have none of it. I will support no bill which bears 
upon its face t.he brand of being the means of 
It nmst be thrown 
enriching certain individuals. 
open as a great public work to the people of the 
United States. The Government must have no 
other connection with it than as u party in inter- 
est. The Government mast be separated from all 
political control over it; and thus alone will I ever 
vote for it, devoted as have been to the idea that I 
it was an essential work, not only to secure these 
parts of the Union together which were divided 
by an impassable mountain, but for the achieve- 
ment of the great objects for which our Govern- 
ment vv'as instituted while it lasts. 
have, therefore, not attempted to offer any 
amendments, and had not intended to intrude into 
the debate. have intended to vote against every 
proposition which attempted either to establish 
the road or to organize a company for the con- 
struction of such a road. Let the Government 
offer those privileges which it is authorized to 
give. to any company which will build it; let that 
company locate it where the hand of nature has 
designated the road should be built; and then I say 
we should all give it our support. 
. strikes me that we are further than usual (if that 
be possible) is this: that Objections which I think 
have been answered in every State Legislature on 
every incorporation bill from the time legislation 
cornrnenced on such subjects, seem to weigh 
here with unwontcd force on the minds of a large 
majority of this body. 
Take the sectional objection offered by my dis- 
tinguished friend from Louisiana; and I attempt 
to answer it, for I see it must devolve on some- 
body to answer these objections briefly. Let mic 
say that I came here, scarcely having time. to read 
the bill caretülly. 1 came here finding it in the 
charge of men very much abler and more expe- 
rienced thau myself; and I regret that it appears to 
me proper that I should take up the time of the 
Senate to reply at all. Still, I think it is proper; 
and I do it. The gentleman from Louisiana says 
—looking at the sectional aspect of the subject— 
(for what can be considered in this body without 
being sectional?) here are fifty-three individuals, 
your corporators, from fourteen States. Now, sir, 
this bill proposes two roads, and not one: two 
sets of corporators, and not one; and I think the 
gentleman, in fairness, ouo•ht to have stated that 
fact in conjunction with what he has said. It is 
true that thc corporators for one road are selcctcd 
in fourteen States of the Union; but it is also true, 
as a matter of fact, as I am informed, that the 
grant which is made to the persons who are to be 
Incorporated to make the second road—the Texas 
road—inures really to persons all over the south- 
ern portion of this Union. And if gentlemen had 
paid the attention to this subject they do pay to 
most others, I think they would have learned that 
Mr. BAKER. 1 had been led to suppose, when from the history of its passage through the other 
I came here, that there was a party in Congrcss House, and would have accommodated their views 
to that fact. Now, I submit to the Senate that 
in favor ofa Pacific railroad. 1 believe I am mis- 
Mr. LATHAM. time, wish 
it to be understood that I will reserve to myself taken; or if there be, I am surc that it is lying that is one fair answer to that objection' and to 
the privilege of voting acrainst any zuuendment supinely by and giving the control of the measure all objections of that class. 
Bui again, sir, everybody knows that the his- 
that may be offered wliich think has a tendency that is proposed into the hands of its enelnies. 
