262 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 5, 
tory of making railroads in this country is an at- 
tempt upon the part of the Government, where 
they do give advantages to somebody, to combine 
individual skill and effort and caution with Gov- 
ernment power and authority and money. That 
is the use ofa bill incorporating individuals, and 
has been from the beginning. if, according to 
the plan which, perhaps, is suggested by the gen- 
tleman from Mississippi, the Government alone 
were to do it, we have always been told that the 
Government would spend money in the most 
wasteful and inefii)ctivc way in the world. There- 
fore, the usual course has been to unite the skill 
and care of ind i vidnals in the Govern ment expend- 
It follows 
iture. This bill endeavors to do that. 
out the plan that States adopt, and, I believe, the 
plan that Congress has often adopted before. 
adopts the plan upon which the great railroads of 
Illinois have been built—a plan which , in my judg- 
roent, has proved itself more successful than any 
other upon which a Gc»vernment has ever at- 
tempted to complete a great work for the benefit 
I submit that as, I think, an an- 
ot• its people. 
swer to that class of objection. 
It may be, Mr. President, that it is very vn•ong 
for the gentleman from California to say, Do not 
'I'he artyument springs up on 
arnend this bill." 
every hand: What! not amend the bill? cx- 
crcise our judgment? notdo what we think rioht?" 
Why, sir, these objections are Inade QI) every 
petty bill in every State Legislature, and they are 
r Ilhe obicc- 
answered us often as they are made. 
lion has for its foundation this, and no more: that 
we, as Senators here, ave not to vote for any noeas- 
ure which does hot, in all its details, meet the 
entire approval of our judgment; or, voti ng for 
such a klieusure, we are not to accord anything to 
the wishes, the in terests, the apprehension of other 
}ilco us, ure vested with 
gentlen.en, who, 
tive authority. Sir, it• l.hat rule svere to prevail, 
what nneasurc would pass, what bill bc- 
come a law? 
that spirit of conces»ion— 
—I will use 
Again, sir, 
the word, foi• it is corn f')rornise, for 
—which the gentlmnan fro n'h California 
it is usual 
invokes hero to-day , is onc essential to legislation, 
not only so far as the thing itself is concerned, 
but as to the mode of accornp!ishing it. Look at 
the state of things to-day. At the et')d of ten years' 
struggle, I •repeat, thc House of Representatives, 
one branch of Congress, has, after three years' 
continuous labor upon one by its 
co:nrnittees, tested by all of aro•ument, in 
the midst of a very c.xcitino• *fictional contro- 
acn•eed upon aml passed by a large 
jorit.y. "I' hc gentlcnnen who opposed it there were 
from Mississippi, und from Louisiana, and frot•n 
various other States frorn which these objections 
conue here; arid without having all the. gra.vily and 
all the experience and perhabs all the wisdot•n of 
who so worthily represent their States , 
in the other branch of Congress—this bod y—they 
at. any rate, as thc debat.es will shov. 
discussion proves, considered and oilin•ed Inost, if 
'1' hat being the case 
not all, of these objections. 
within very few weeks of a se apation, 
ng we I 
are told; nt a tilne whet" we arc t n•eatened with I 
secession, when some Senators have I 
when others, it is said, are about to withdraw, 
now we present the collectivc rcsult of their wis- 
dom ,carrying into effect a great measu re proposed 
by a successful party,and we al')peal to its friends 
to sland by it against the assaults of its enc:nies•, 
and as onc of' the aro•uments in its be- 
If you do not pass this bill 
half' we say: 
time, titne alone, that potent destroyer, will defeat 
you; ask you to go for it not that. if. is t hc best 
measure, but. that it is the only practical , and 
it is a real, philosophic concession to events and 
of extending the power this Government; I 
wish it was a more consolidated and a stronger 
Government than it is; I have nota bit of respect 
for this idea of States' rights, Which I think is 
now convulsing the country to its center; and if 
I had my choice, my way, I would build the road 
with the power of the Govern merit, with the money 
of the Government, for the benefit of the people; 
and I would build it at any cost, and I would 
build it right off. But I cannot have my way; 
am obliged to concede, to compromise. Accord- 
prominent and powerful men with your act? You 
beean that policy. That has been the idea gov- 
erning this bill from the beginning, and I ask you 
why you are to abandon it now? 
As to the. selection of individuals, let me say 
but one word: I think I beard the distinguished 
Senator from New York say, within half an hour, 
that so far from New York having any particular 
interest in this biil by prearrangement, for hin")• 
self he hardly knew who thc indi viduais were that 
ingly, i meet the Senator from California, with 
whom it is not my fortune to agree about hardly 
anybhing in the world, and I adapt myself, as far 
as I can, to his plan; and, as I understand it, he, 
in turn, conforms himself to the opinions of va- 
rious other distinguished gentlemen on this floor, 
not getting that which he would desire, but get- 
Lino the best that he can, harmonizing all intcr- 
ests, and, if he can, settling all conflict. 
[s any great 
Sir, is not that statesmanlike? 
measure over adopted otherwise either in Gov- 
ernment or in administration? Was not the Con- 
Is not everything done so 
stitution formed so? 
in a free Government? And to say to 
will not go for the greatest nueasut•e of the acre or 
of the world, because it does not begin exactly at 
the right spot, because the money is not spent by 
exactly the right man, because it docs not end 
would be to divide 
exactly in the right place," 
us into endless fractions ot• opinion, never 
able to arrive at a sensible result. Therefore it is 
that I appeal, not to the enemies of the bill; but 
to its friends—men who have advocated it in the 
country, in the discussions beföre the people; 
men who come here to reflect the real, true opin- 
ion of their States—I ask them now, in the timc 
in its very agonies, to 'rive up I-nere 
of its trial, 
questions of locality, to give up objection* as to 
this rnan or the other, and agree with v,' hat the 
deliberate wisdom of the popular branch, afiel 
Lhrec years' effort, has determined to be practical. 
Now, sir, there are objections which nuq. in this 
another way, and i allude, 
way Inn y be met in 
Wilh great deference, to the opinion of In y friend 
f'ron) Maine. He says the bill is a contract, antl 
before we make it, we ought to be very careful 
in amel')ding it, because we cannot amend it after- 
'l' here is, in in y dcrnent, ore 
wa rds. 
ill that objection than in any that has been offered 
here. Let Ine Iry, however appealing to his can- 
r i'he c.xporie.ncc o, 
ita I cannot at')swer that. 
legislation, worth much, shows that whenever a 
legislative bodv, either ot• State grove VI) rne.nt or 
the Federal Government, 
p roposes a Incas u 
kind red to this in anywise, there are many defects 
and iliac.curac:es. MT hilc it assumes the charac- 
ter of grant to parties, and therefore a contract, 
there is also 
between them and the 
much that is mandatory ül)d director" the 
and there are 
sons who are t.o execute the 
also things in which the persons who receive the 
benefit of the grant are ns nnu:li interested to ve 
possibly 
a chano•e Inade as t lie Govprnnu»nt can 
when make the title-papers, by 
be. Ao•ttin : 
'.vay of patent to the lavid, when we Issue 
b01'H]s, when wc pay the Inonev, we become, for 
those purposos. suprenne, and have, practically, 
the entire control in our hands. F,xper-ience shows 
•—.as experience N,vill 
—avid there 
show in all these cases, that. the persons w ao a re i 
building the road have 'nuch rnore necessity for 
t,hc Govern rnent than t be Gov- 
Lhe toleration of' 
ernrnent can havo for the toleration of t be 
vidual.s, and therefore wheuever, for the purposes 
it shall bc noe.cssary to arnend 
of the road itself, 
there. can be no trouble found in get.tincr 
practical 
the corporation to arrree to all sensible, , 
amend Inerlts, because it is always their interest 
were named in the bill at all. Sir, if that class of 
objection is to prevail, I should not be astonished 
if, after the Senate were to vote down an amend- 
ment to strike out the individual corporation idea 
altogether, somebody should get up next and at- 
I repeat, that 
tack some individual corporator. 
is the plan which I think matured reflection has 
proposed, and it is not becoming tho friends of 
this bill to allow the measure to be defeated by 
striking out that part of the plan now. 
I have but one, other word, and I close. I have 
spoken already longer than I intended. 
my friend from feel that interest in the 
passage of 11)is bill which belongs to QUI' coast. 
We are very far off. -we are loyal to the Union. 
it, whether you give us Ibis 
w c will remain witla 
but ultnosl c very thing in which 
road or not; 
Govern tnent can assist or protect a people is con- 
nected with t hc passage of this bill, and of this 
bill now Its enemies know very well, and the 
distinguished gentleman who has led its defense 
so long knows it still better than they , that if you 
amend this bill now, in any important particular, 
you defeat it for this session, and possibly for- 
ever. My distinguished friend from Louisiana 
knows that that is so when he attacks it with 
I think the gentle- 
I his acuteness and vigor. 
nytn from Mississippi knows that very well when 
he presents an att.ack, not so acute, but broad, 
c.mnprehennsi ve, the less fierce. And 
it astonishes me—and with the expression of that 
I subli!it that that is so to do. 
'l'hat, in my judgnw,nt, is an answer 
to of ion . ' 
g: to the objection Inade by the Senator Maine. 
answer aotun to all the arcrun;ent savil'10 
I cannot go for any incasure tliat I do not ap- 
jee.tions atrainst granting land, bonds, or money 
prove iFI the detail." 
Sir, if I wait to do that, I reckon I shall not go individuals at ail, is the only other one to which 
1 ask [lemon upon this 
il I propose to reply. 
for 01'*e naeasure d urine n') y short term of service 
{i side of the whether we have not long 
instance: I atn one road. 
astonishment I take seat—that we Repul)li- 
cans, ten years the advocates of the great cren- 
eral idea; for ten years holding out the hope 
which we bavc learned from the people thern- 
selves; that we now, when wc have the power; 
when we have kind and generous friends not 
narned as Repu b!icarns with us, whose interests 
or wllose patriotism leads them to act with us— 
enough to carry the bill; 
that we, dividing upon 
ill inor and inferior points, should let the bill go 
and clinø from mere pride of petty to 
I {bat, line of' policy which must Insure its entire, 
perhaps its permanent, defeat. 
Mr. DAVIS. I do not intend to answer the 
Senator at any length; but he speaks of econony, 
and I suppose he-means certainly not econotuy 
in words, from the manner in which he has dis- 
cussed it. But hc announccs, with somewhat a 
we, the friends of this bill,' 'and 
and 1 
points to others as the cncmics of the bill; 
was at a loss to know what he meant. unfil finally 
it to the point ofa party, to which he 
he 
then ynade his appeal, sustainirng this bill. 
quite apparent, sir, that the Senator well said that 
had barely had limo to read the bill, though 
he annou i')ced hirnself that he had bce.n studying 
He seemed to pass over alto- 
it for ten years. 
t he notorious fact in this body, that the 
proposition has been before a select cmnmittee of 
the Senate ; that that select committee has reported, 
majority and it has been considered in 
this body, and is by no means new measure 
Mr. BAKER. Allow me to ask the Senator, 
did say it was a new Incasure? 
MI'. DAVIS. You spoke of this bill as quite 
a new thing coming fronl the f-lousc; and you 
went on to discuss il very much as though it was 
. a thincr vvre had not considered before. 
II Mr: BAKER. 
Allow me to correct the Sena- 
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly. 
Mr. BAKER. 1 said first, that this bill had 
' been mat.urin(F in the lower I-louse three years. 
i said in the next place, that the idea of' a Pacific 
in this Senatc. 
If I do settled down in the opinion that the best •...vay to railroad was one which we on the other side, had 
I have lived upon t.hc Paciiic ten years. 
I correct the Sen- 
not understand this nieasure, at least I have accomplish a great public purpose like this, is to studied for ten years at least. 
ator in both these particulars. 
If E unite the power of the Gbvernmentand the enter- 
thought of it. I kilow what my pcoplß desire 
Mr. DAVIS. In all the studies of the Senator 
I had my way, I would say, unhesitatingly, Inake prise and care of the individuaE? Docs not the 
it seems he did not study the fact that the Senate 
practice of your own States, each of you Senators 
road from San Francisco as near to St. Louis 
It appears to me that every II from and iluproving Slates, tell 
has been at work on it perl')aps not so long, but. 
as vou can get it. 
consideration would point out that as the best you that the way to secure what you want to do i cuite as dilizrently as himself; for not once did he 
way. Again: I am an old YVhig; I am not afraid by bill like this, i* to connect the interest of refor to the consideration of that subject in this 
