264 
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 7, 
convention or by Legislature, I should never have 
made this motion for a reference of the question 
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Georgia [Mr. 
It is the extraordinary condition 
TOOMBS] will take the floor at one o'clock to-day 
on the special order that was made on his motion, 
and Will address the Senate at large on that sub- 
ject. The Senator from Massachusetts ( Mr. W 
SON] -has a special order on which he wishes to 
nddress the Senate t0'-morrow•. I, therefore, in 
m;der not to' interfere with those Senators in t.heir 
speeches, move that the unfinished business of 
Saturday—the Pacific railroad bill—be made the 
special order on Wednesday next, at one o 'clock, 
at which time I will make some remarks ill an- 
swer to the objections which have been made to 
I hope there will be no objection to it. 
that bill. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. be no 0b- 
jection, the bill will be considered as before the 
Senate, and that will be considertld us the sense 
of the body. 
Mr. WILSON. 1 would suggest to sena- 
tor from California that hc may assign that bill 
as a special order for two o'clock to-morrow. i 
only want the floor for a few moments, not an 
hour. 
Mr. GWIN. Then 1 will say two o'clock to- 
morrow. 
Mr. WILSON. 1 should like to have this bill 
pressed as fast as we can. 
Mr. GWIN. Then 1 propose to the 
Pacific railroad bill the special order for to-mor- 
row, at two o'clock. I make that motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
SLAVERY QUESTION. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, 1 rise 
now for the purpose of movint" to take up the 
resolution which I offered sonle few days ago. I 
hope tbc Senate will now proceed to its consider- 
, and I trust that we shall continue to con- 
ation • 
sider it until it is finally disposed of, to the ex- 
clusion of all other business; and I desire that to 
be considered as my motion. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Kentucky moves to takc up for consideration the 
joint resolution (S. No. 54) proposincr certain 
amendments to the Constitution of the United 
States, by him. 
Tbc motion wus asrrecd to. 
The VICE PRESTDENT. Shall the 
tion be read ? 
IVI,•. CRITTENDEN. No, sir. 
I do not do- 
sire it. Mr. President., I arn apprised that the 
honorable Senator from Georgia is entitled to the 
floor upon this subject, or one so entirely annlo- 
goug it that his' remarks will be applicablc to 
I do not wish to deprive him for a 
this subject. 
single rnoment of the possession of the floor. 
shan endeavor, as concisely as I can, to deliver 
myself on the subject, and shall follow the Sena- 
onoral)le o•entlmnan 
tor frorn Geor«ria. I f- the 
will yield the floor. 
dcsircs now to proceed, 
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator proceed. 1 
do not want to cro on now. 
Mr. ER. I merely wish to say that 
at one o 'clock; and as I 
there is a special 
(lesire that the gel') froin Gcortria shall not 
bc interrupted after he begins, I ask thc Senate to 
dispose of it. 
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly. 
Mr. COLLAMER. that the bill for 
the admission of Kansas be now considcrcd and 
madc the special order for another day some day 
for which there is not a special order; say next 
Monday. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Vermont moves that the bill (H. R. No. 23) for 
the admission of Kansas into the Union be taken 
up and Inade the special order for Monday next, 
at one o'clock. 
'l'he motion was agreed to. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Do 1 understand that 
my honorable friend from Georgia desired should 
proceed ? 
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 occupy the floor 
buta little while on this occasion. 
I do not de.sire 
to the people. 
of the country, the extraordinary circumstances 
by which we are now surrounded, and the pecu- 
liar situation in which Congress itself is placed, 
that has induced me to attempt so extraordinary 
a resort. We believe that amendments to the 
Constitution are requisite to give that permanent 
security which is necessary to satisfy the public 
mind, and restore quiet to the country. Those 
amendments cannot be recommended, nor can we 
proceed in the measurc of amendment, unless it 
be by a two-thirds rmiority. I have feared that 
that majority could not be hoped for here; and 
it is in this last extremity that I have proposed 
that we should invoke the judgment of the peo- 
ple upon the great question on which their Gov- 
ernluent depends. It is not an ordinary question; 
it is no question of party; it is no question of 
it is a question involving the existence of' 
the Union, and the existence of the Government. 
Upon so momentous a qucstion, where the pub- 
lic councils themselves are so divided and so dis- 
tractcd as not to be able to adopt, for thc want of 
the requisite majority, those means that are sup- 
posed to be necessary for the safety of the coun- 
try and the people, it has seemed to rue nou im- 
proper that we should resort to the great source 
of all political authority—the people themselves. 
this IS their Union; 
This is their Goverxnnent; 
i speak in no 
we are but their representatives. 
feeling of flattery to the people, sir. No; I call 
upon them to pronounce their judgment, and do 
If we cannot save 
their duty to their country. 
the country, and they wilk not save the country, 
I wish to preserve it by all 
the country is gone. 
the ordinary and extraordinary, that are 
'Ithat. is the wholc 
within our possible reach. 
iöeling, and t I-iat, is L he entire princil)le upon which 
I see 
this 
have acted in rnakino• 
nothing irnpropcr in it. 
It unay be objected to as r)0t a mode recognized 
it. is not forbid.- 
by the Constitution. Well, sir, 
den by the Constitution, nor does it conflict with 
any the Constitution, and it aims at 
nothing but what is en titled 10 influence here. 
'I'hat influence wili be weio•hcd by the Senate 
properly and justly. It is simply an appeal to 
the people to aid us, their representatives, by giv- 
ino• us their und their opinion upon the 
'i'hat..judgment and opinion will not bc 
If they should condescend to 
htnniliatino• to us. 
pronounce their judgment and give their opinion, 
there is no humiliation in our obeying the voice 
of great nation, whose representatives wc are, 
and whose servants we ate proud to call oursel ves. 
Their sentiments and their opinions will be our 
safi..ust "(tide upon this question , surrounded as it is 
by so nnany difficulties, and disabled as we are by 
our own diseractions and divisions in Congress 
fronl acting upon it some power to con- 
trol and to 'rovcrn individual opinion. 
K do not think it neccssary, l\'lr. President, that 
I should enlarge upon this subject. 'The. object 
It is to 
to be obtained is a constitutional one. 
ascertain the sense of the pc )le, and for purposes 
necessary for the prcs- 
salutary to the. people, an 
crvation of the country •n all the circumstances 
which surround it. 
r i'hen, sir, as to thec nstitutional amendments 
which are proposed for thc sanction of the peo- 
ple, and upon which they are to their opin- 
ion, I had occasion some time a«yo to make a few 
remarks, and I interld now to add only a few 
I do not intend to cro very Inue,h at large 
more. 
do not kliow that shall at 
into this question. 
any tinie—certainly not now, when I am not 
fully apprised, perhaps, of the various objections 
that may bc made to them. The first remedy 
proposed consists in a new article to be added to 
the Constitution, and which proposes for its ob- 
cluding it or admitting it. This is all. To the 
North ail is given; to the South it is only pro- 
vided that things shall remain as they are until 
the territory becomes a State, and then it is to 
adopt this institution pf slavery or not, according 
to the wish of the people that are intercsted in the 
It seems to me there is sometl'iing 
new State. 
very just and very fair on the face of this propo- 
sition. 
We are a great nation, composed now of thirty- 
threeStates. Fifteen of these have this peculiar in- 
stitution of slavery; the others have excluded it, 
each acting according to its own free choice under 
the Constitution. Slavery existed in these and 
more States when the Constitution was formed. 
The Constitution took things as they were, recog- 
nized them as they were, and left them as they 
vvreu•e, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the several 
States. Those who haa the institution of slavery 
were left to the sole dominion over it; those who 
wore without it were left to the free and full course 
of their own and of their own wisdom upon 
the subject, on thc one side to continue to exclude 
it, or on the other side to continue to retain it. 
'i'his was the broad, general, 
reciprocal justice 
which the Constitution did to all sections of the 
cou n try. 
Now, sir, I ask the same standard and the same 
measure of justice. Let us take things as they 
are; that is the object. To the north of 360 30' 
slavery has been excluded. I say, therefore, sla- 
very is excluded. To the south, slavery exists 
ask you to recoonize it. 
as a matter of fact. 
'I'hat was the principle upon which the framers 
of our Constitution went, recorrnizing the status 
existing at the time, adopting that, accepting that 
r i'his is what I understand lu respect 
as a basis. 
to all the States. This is all now that I ask; all 
Tl'here arc south of that 
that this proposition is. 
line, thc Indian territory, and the Territory of 
New Mexico; that is all. Of the Indian terri- 
t01Y I need say nothing; that is appropriated to 
others, and upon the terms of that appropriation 
it rests. By those terms, however, slavery may 
be recognized as existing there; for the ihct is, It 
does exist. So in alk New Mexico; and how 
comes it to exist in New Mexico? 
It exists po- 
tentially in New Mexico in virtue of the decision 
of the Supreme Court of the United States in the 
so-often quoted casc of Dred Scott. They say 
that ull the people of the United States have the 
riffht equally to go into the cornmon territory of 
the United States, and carry with them any spe- 
cies or description of property recognized as such 
in the States from which they emigrate. Poten- 
tially, then, slavery does exist there; but more 
than that: by the great comprornise measures of 
1850, a territorial government was formed for 
New Mexico; and one of the compronoises, one 
of the adjustments on that great occasion, was to 
give this Territory, which was a subject of dis- 
pute in respect to the question of slavery, power 
to legislate on all rightful subjects of legisla- 
It was intended to cover this case; it did 
tion. 
cover the case of slavery by the broad and dis- 
tinct terms in which the power was given to the 
Territorial Legislature. That was the agreernent 
between the North and the South: " We will say 
nothing about slavery ourselves, but we will con- 
stitute a territorial governrnent, and we will give 
to that territorial government, representing the 
local interests, representing the local population, 
the power to dispose of this subject according to 
the wishes and according to the interests of the 
In the exercise of that 
people of the Territory.' 
power, the people of the Territory did pass an 
act authorizing and regulating slavery in every 
particular; and that act now exists. Slavery only 
to a very limited extent exists there; but it exists 
by law actually. 
Now, what does this arnendment of mine pro- 
pose? Not that gentlemen shall agree that slavery 
ject to settle the question of territory, and the may exist there; not that they shall concede any 
question of slavery in respect to territory; and to principle; not that they shall concede any policy; 
settle that—Vow? Simply to provide t llat all tho but simply that they shall recognize a fact, a fact 
that they cannot dispute—the fact of the actual ex- 
territory north of 360 .3{)' shall bc free from sla- 
rpcog- l! istenceofslaveryunderactual law, emanating from 
very; that on the south slavery shall be 
to procrastinate, or see procrastinated, the coming nized and protected, as it now exists by the laws w that Territory under power granted in the compro- 
existing there for its protection, and to continue miseof1850,which wasintended to settle theaffairs 
to a final decision on this measure. 
. so uj)t.il that territory, or any suitable proportion of the country, and to relieve us from the troubles 
Mr. Presi(lont, if I could indulge myself with 
It was hailed bv the 
it, shall bc forrned to a Sta.te and admitted which have now returned. 
hope that the resolution which I have nro- 
whole people, accepted as a peace offerincr on all 
they are to be ad lilitted 
posed for amondtue,nts to tho Consti!ution could into the Union. T. lien 
sütps, and has been continued from that day. 
with sueli provision ns thcy njay choose to noakc 
obtain t.hat majority il't this which would I E 
recommend it to the States lheir adoption, by li in their constitution in respect to slavery—ex- Undcr lho power given by that act of Con€n•ess 
