266 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 7, 
You have no right to bring up scruples of that 
sort, or questions of that sort, aoainst another. 
This question of slavery has been, to no small 
extent, connected with the question of religion. 
Thc pulpit has taken it in hand; the pulpit has 
become the. minister of politicians, and politicians 
have rninistered to ministers of the Gospel, neither 
to the benefit nor profit of the, Gospel; and now 
scruples—I may as well call them scruples of 
religion as well as scruples about slavery—are 
pleaded on one side. You do not plead it eo nomine 
as a religious preference that you are entitled to, 
or as a religious distinction. You plead it, to be 
sure, as a distinct opinion of your own upon the 
subject of slavery ; but you have been able to force 
that question of slavery into a great political po- 
sition before the country, by the aid of the pulpit. 
It has become with some a rekigious feeling. lam 
not one of those who feel a disposition to speak, 
or allow myself to speak, disrespectfully of reli- 
gion; but I point you to these things as facts that 
we sec and know, that there has been a combina- 
tion, a mixing up, of these questions with religion 
and with politics; and we arc taught from the 
pulpit daily, not of the political improvidence, not 
of the political impolicy of slavery; but we are 
taught that it is a great sin, and that we are to put 
it flu• away from us. 
Now, suppose all this doctrine is right: does it 
come underour Constitution? Does itcome within 
the principles of our Constitution that we shall 
set up any such standat(l? The Constitution has 
set up •a standard, and it is a standard of equal 
It recognizes and estimates I 
justice and principle. 
euch man, und each comrnunity of men, not ac- 
cording to their religious opinions at all, but 
according to political - rights; and their political 
rights arc equal, however different they may be 
in their religious opinions, or in any conscientious 
scru pies, however honorable. We have no right 
to apply Buch feelings to government, Our con- 
science nnay be a very good-governor for ourselves ; 
its teachings we nmy follow; but you have no 
ri'hht to insist, nor have f any right to insist, that 
I Shaik substitute my conscience for yours; or 
that you shall condemn my conscience, and put 
the penalty upon it of a fot'föit.ure of n) y political 
rights, if I continue to act upon it. You have no 
right to do that. MT hat is it now, my friends, 
that is insisted upon? Here is a vast community 
suffcicnt in extent of territory, sufficient in the 
number of its people, to make respectable na- 
tion. They have one opinion on this subject. 
r I'hey have long practiced upon it. Society, edu- 
cation, everything them IS molded upon 
that institution. Now, ofa sudden, it is demanded 
of them, 
not directly as to the States; but the 
principle upon which the policy is founded, how- 
IEiüitcd it may be in point of space, is the 
in elVect. You demand that, notwithstanding 
my lawful.practice, tny lawfully acquired habits, 
n) y lawfully acquired property, and all the notions 
connected with it, and accommodated to it, I shall 
lay thc•zn aside, give them all up, and substi- 
tute an idea in place of them—an idea of anti- 
slu very. 
'I'll? PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. POLK in 
It becomes the duty of the Chair to 
state that there is a special order for the hour of 
one o'clock, the resolution reported by the Sena- 
tor from Kentucky, [Mr. POWELL,] chairrnan of 
the special comrnittec of thirteen, on which the 
Senator frotn Geor(Tia [Mr. r I'OOMBSI 
Mr. CRITTENDEN.. 1 beg leave to remind 
the Chair that, when I rnoved t.o take up tins res- 
olution, I moved also that the Senate should con- 
tinue to act upon it to the exclusion of ail other 
business until it was finally disposed of; and that 
motion •.vas adopted. 
Mr. 'I'OOMBS. 1 will to the honorable 
Senator that I would as soon make in y rmnarks 
on this resolution as on any other, and therefore, 
if hc it, I will take the floor on his own 
proposition. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 shall be to 
give the gentleman the floor. 
Mr. TOOMBS. If the gentleman, 1 will 
move to postpone the special order on which had 
thc floor, and take the floor on his own resolu- 
tion.s, if he that course. 
If the Senator 
desires to proceed now, 1 will yield to him, though 
I expected to speak at one o •clock, or go on now' 
—which ever he prc'ers. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I would rather go on, abuse and denounce the inst.itution of one half 
because wish conclude ail that have to say. I 
the States of your great country, and you know 
where it must strike. That that has given great 
Mr. TOOMBS. very well; 1 have no objec- 
tion. I had the floor for one o'clock, but of course alarm to some portions of the southern States, 
I yield to the honorable Senator from Kentucky ought not to surprise you. 
It is quite natural. 
It will be something more than a mere common 
as long as he desires to speak. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. shall be through very ii')ference, if, after having succeeded, if, after hav- 
I intr commenced the formation of your-great party, 
soon. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will for the avowed purpose of retrieving what you 
supposed you had lost by the repeal of the Mis- 
consider it, then, as the sense of the Senate, un- 
less objection be made, that the Senator from souri compromise, you now refuse not only to 
Kentucky shall proceed with his remarks upon restore that line, and to accept all tho territory 
north of it, and only to yield up that the present 
his own resolution. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is through a long state of things shall continue in the territory 
train of events, of party controversies, that the south until that territory becomes a State. 
You have just succeeded in a great contest upon 
country has 'been brought to its present deplor- 
It would be idle to f.'.ay that in your anti-slävery system of policy. If now, just 
able condition. 
the course of that long controversy all the blame at this critical time, in the moment of your great 
has been on one side, and all the right on the victory, in the rnoment, us it may be supposed, 
when you are confident, elated by that victory, 
other. Right and wrong have never been so ex- 
clusively divided in any human controversy. We you refuse to give this security, and plant your- 
have all contributed to excite those passions and selves proudlytmd sternly upon platforms and 
those feelings which now bring our country into I dogmas, and say: W o will take no step back- 
the most imminent peril. 
I shall not attempt to 
balance this account, and show clearly which has 
been in the wrono•. 
That would be an idle at- 
tempt, and would do no good, if successful. 
is not to thc past so much that I would allude as 
to the present and the future. No matter whether 
I have been the wrong doer or whether I have . 
received the wroncr, i','hen the question comes as 
to the safety of the country, as to the safety of 
the Constitution, I should act with a reference to 
that object, and not to any past or present con- 
troversies that I may have with parties or with 
individuals. 
Mr. President, I am not here as the advocate 
of slavery. I am here as the advocate of the 
Union, 
honestly, sinc.erely, zealously. I am 
pleading for 
and I am pleading with thc 
Senate to do that which I behevc will preserve 
the Union and stop the course of rcvolution and 
and which alone I believe will do it. 
of war, 
If 
I for this solution of territorial difficulties, 
it is because I believe it is necessary to save the 
Union. 
Is it possib\c that any Senator could 
believe, with respcct to this arid and sterile Ter- 
ritory, it could be an object with any gentleman 
to desirc the extension of slavery? I do not be- 
lie ve myself that slavery can ever be invited there. 
Clilnute, soil, its rctnoleuess fron•n all the great 
avenues of conunerce, alk tend, in In y opinior;, to 
interpose natural barriers against it. That, how- 
ever, is not so much the question as our right to 
go there at all. You have no inore right to take 
away poor land than you have rich land, from 
our settlement. Upon the principles of the Con- 
stitution, you have no niore right to take at,vay 
onc than the other; and it is not so much the viola- 
tion of territorial authority as it is the violation 
of that pi'inciple of equality, that principle of 
equal riRht upon which every section stands. 
'That tho South has rcceived sorne wroncr in the 
course of our party action, is, I think, inos•t clear. 
has been introduced into this connt.ry, it 
hus grown up, forced on by party principles step 
hy step, without any man perhaps comprehend- 
ing the whole conclusion and the whole extent of i 
it, until it has appeared in all its fearful propor- 
tions, a great poxve.r, said to be the ruling power 
of this country, that has introduced an anti-sla- 
very system of policy in the United States. 
the original Constitution—and my •i'ricuds from 
the Noi•th look to that fact, and cherish it 
the 
slave" is not to be found. How often 
word 
have we heard that repeate(l here, my friends ? 
You cling 10 it with tenacity, as a great fact; and 
yet what have you done? Your system of policy, 
that upon which you havc triumphed—upon 
which your platförnl rests—is nothing but anti- 
slavery alone. Is this right? The opinions may 
be right as privatc opinions; but under the Con- 
stitution of the United States, upon thc great prin- 
ciples and policies which it contemplated, was it 
ever to be, imagined, or is it ever to be justified, 
that a great party should stand alone upon a sys- 
teln of anti-slaverv, making war by one section 
upon another section—a war of opinion, if no 
more ? 
It is in vain that you endeavor to mitigate this 
war of opinion, this war of denunciation, one 
arainst another, one system aoainst another, by 
saying: We do not lay otn• hands upon you; 
we do not touch slavery in the States." But you 
ward," have not the South some little cause to 
complain? But, as generous men, as American 
statesmen, as Alnericans, havincr an interest 
throughout this whole great continent, are not 
these motives sufficient to induce you to make, if 
I necessary, a compromise, and a liberal compro- 
mise? Now that you are the victors, be just; 
and not only just, but liberal. Less than this 
will create more dissatisfaction, more misappre- 
her)sion. Will you not do all in your power to 
quiet ar.d to put an end to these troubles? 
I hope I shall not be understood as addressing 
you with any language in a spirit of offense. 
i appeal to you as my countrymen; I 
do not. 
appeal to you as statesmen; I appeal to you as 
victors in a great political strife; and I implore 
you to make your victory useful to your coun- 
try and honorable to yourselves, by that greatest 
of all acts which you can ever havc thc power or 
the opportunity to do, of saving that country by 
settling this question. You are called upon to 
make no concession. I do not concede that I ask 
any concession in this proposition. It is nothing 
more than justice, bare justice. 
Allow me to recount here fora moment what 
has been out' history in relation to territorial ac- 
quisitions from the peace of 1783 down to this 
time. As I read from the book the other day, 
you had at that time one .hundred and sixty-sm 
thousand square miles, and the South six hun- 
dred and fifty thousand square miles. How is it 
The first change in these proportions was 
produced by the cession made by Vn•ginia of all 
the territory northwest of the Ohio. with a pro- 
vision excluding slavery. That changed tho pro- 
portion, and made the North over four hundred 
thousand square miles, and the South over three 
hundred thousand square miles. The North, at 
this early period, and by means of this voluntary 
cession, become the grcutcr in point of tcrritory. 
We went on to acquire Florida, Louisiana, and 
what we conquered and purchased from Mexico. 
AH these various acquisitions have been so divided 
out that, at this day, the North has two million 
two hundred thousand square miles, and the South 
less than one million square miles, even when 
you have given her this Territory of New Mex- 
co. Given her, did I say? You only agree that 
the present state of law there, in respect to per- 
sons held to servitude, shall continue until it be- 
comes a State—that is all. The condition it is 
now in was not produced by force, or by any 
ft hae obtained its present condition by 
law, passed with the consent of the Senate of tho 
United States. The act of September 18, 1850, 
gave authority to the Legislature to authorizc and 
sanction slavery. 
Then, if we can settle this matter of diffculty 
in relation to the Territories, there is, I think, in 
all the other propositions, nothing that anybody 
can complain of. As to the fugitive slave law, It 
is only changed and altered so as to mako it less 
obnoxious to our fellow-citizens of the North. 
That is the whole extent of the amendment. 
Therefore that can be no ground of complaint on 
the part of our northern friends. 
As to the prohibition to abolish or prohibit sla- 
very in the District of Columbia, and the places 
under the special jurisdiction of Congress within 
the slave States, it seems to me that stands upon 
a ground that no man can deny. These Territo- 
