1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBL 
269 
the Government, and that the Declaration of In- 
petual friendship and amity," according to their 
dependence refers to slaves; that no man shall 
terms. So was that treaty -between the States: 
be deprived of his lift) and liberty and property After a while, though, the politicians said it did 
without the judgment of his peers or the law df not work well. 
It carried us through the Revo- 
the land. Apply these principles as the Black 
Republicans Intend to apply them, and they have 
no need for personal liberty bills. They are far 
in advance of such contrivances. The progressive 
spirit of the ago will not wait upon such devices. 
They may now dispense with these superseded 
devices; but I undertake to say here that no Black 
Republican Legislature that repeals them will 
ever say that it is their purpose or duty to sur- 
render the fugitive. No, sir, they do not intend to 
do that. They may delude you in order to get 
power; they may deceive you to get possession 
of [his Government; but there is neither faith, nor 
truth, nor manhood in this conspiracy. 
T hc next demand made on behalf of the South 
" that Congress shall pass efficient laws for the 
punishment of all persons in any of the States 
I.V'ho shall in any manner aid and abet invasion or 
insurrection in any other State, or commit any 
other act against the laws of nations, tending to 
disturb the tranquillity of the people or govern- 
ment of any other State." That a very plain 
principle. The Constitution of the United States 
now requires, and gives Congress express power, 
to define and punish piracies and felonies com- 
mitted on the high seas, and offenses against the 
taws of nations. When the honorable and distin- 
guished Senator from Illinois [Mr. DOUGLAS] last 
year introduced a bill for the purpose of punish- 
Ing people thus offending under thatclause of the 
Constitution, Mr. Lincoln, in his speech at New 
York, which I have before me, declared that it was 
a " sedition bill;" his press and party hooted at it. 
So far from recognizing the bill us intended to 
carry out thc Constitution of the United States, 
it received their jeers and gibes. The Black Re- 
publicans of Massachusetts elected the admirer 
and eulogist of John Brown's courage as their 
Governor, and we may suppose he will throw no 
impediments in the way of John Brown 's success- 
ors. The epithet applied to the bill of the Sen- 
ator from Illinois is quoted from a deliberate speech 
delivered by Lincoln in New York, for which, it 
was stated m the journals, according to some res- 
olutions passed by an association of his own 
party, he was paid a couple of hundred dollars. 
r he speech should therefore have been deliberate. 
Lincoln denounced that bill. He places the stamp 
of his condemnation upon a measure intended to 
promote the peace and security of confederate 
States. He is, therefore, an enemy of the hu- 
man race, and deserves the execration of ali man- 
We demand these five propositions. Are they 
not right? Are they not just? Take them in de- 
tail, and show that they are not warranted by the 
lution. Thc diffculty was, that after the war there 
were troubles about the regulation of commerce, 
about navigation, but above all, about financial 
matters. The Government had no means of get- 
ting at the pockets of the people; and but for that 
one diffculty, this present Government would 
never have been made. The country is deluded 
v.'ith the nonsense that this bond of union was 
cemented by the blood of brave men in the Rev- 
oiution. Sir, it is false. 
It never cost a drop of 
blood. A large portion of the best men of the 
Revolution voted against it'. It was carried in the 
convention of Virginia by but ten majority, and 
among its opponents were Monroe and Henry, 
and othex rnen who had fought the war, who re- 
corded their judgment that it Was not a good bond; 
and i am satisfied to-dc.y that they were the wiser 
men. This talk about the blood of patriots is in- 
tended to humbucr the country, to scare the old 
women. Why, Sir, it never cost a drop of blood. 
It was carried in some of the States by treachery, 
by men betraying their constituents. That is the 
history of the times. Five votes would have tied 
it in Virginia. It passed New York by but three 
majority. Out ot nearly four hundred in the con- 
vention of Massachusetts, it passed by nineteen. 
That is the history of the action of the three 
greatest States of the Union nt that time. Some 
of the bravest and the boldest and the best men 
of the Revolution , who fought from its beginning 
to its end, were opposed to the plan of union; and 
among them was the illustrious author of the 
Declaration of Independence himself. Are we to 
be deterred by the cry, that we are laying our un- 
hallowed hands on this holy uilar? Sir, I have 
no hesitation in saying that a very largc portion 
of the peoplc of Georgia, whom I represent, pre- 
fer to remain in this Union with their constitu- 
tional rights—I would say ninety per cent. of 
them—tbelieving it to be a good Government. 
They have lived and prospered in it. Shallow- 
pated fools have told them this Government was 
the cause of their prosperity, and they have never 
troubled themselves to inquire whether or not this 
I think it had but little to do with 
were true. 
their prosperity bevond securing their peace with 
other nations, and that boon' has bccn paid for at 
a price that no freeman ought to submit to. These 
are my own opinions; they have been announced 
to my constituents, and I announce them here. 
Had I lived in that day, I should have voted with 
the majority in Virginia, with Monroe, Henry, 
and the illustrious patriots who composed the sev- 
enty-nine votes acrainst the—adoption of the present 
plan of Government. In my opinion, it' they had 
prevailed to-day, the Inen of the South would have 
the greatest and most powerful nation of the earth. 
Constitution, by the safety of our people, by the 
principles of eternal justice. W c will pause and Let this judgment stand for future ages. 
consider them; but mark me, we will not let you 
decide the question for us. 
But we are toid by well-meaning blit simple- 
minded people that adz-nit your wrongs, your 
remedies are. not justifiable. Senators, I have 
little care to dispute remedies with you, unless you 
propose to redress mv wronos. If you propose 
that in good faith, I iiill listen with respectful def- 
erence; but when the objectors to my remedies 
propose no adequate oncs of their own, know 
what they mean by the oujection. They mean sub- 
the musket will improve my defective remedy. 
But still, I will as yet argue it with them. 
These thirteen colonies originally had no bond 
of union whatever; no more than Jamaica and 
Australia have to-day. They were wholly sep- 
apate communities, independent of each other, and 
dependenton the Crown of Great Britain. All the 
union between them that was ever made is in 
writing. They made t',vo written compacts. One 
was k 1 own as the Articles ofCon federation , which 
declarcd that the Union thereby formed s.hould be 
It 
i Senators, the Cmnstitution is a compact. 
contains all our obligations and duties of the Fed- 
I am content, and have ever 
eral Government. 
been content, to sustain it. While I doubt its 
perfection; while I do not believe it was a good 
compact; and while I never saw the day that I 
would have voted for it as a proposition de novo, 
yet-I am bound to it by oath and by that common 
prudence which would induce men to abide by 
established fortns, rather than to rush into un- 
known dangers. I have given to it, and intend to 
I choose to put that allegiance on the true ground, 
not on the false idea that anybody's blood I,vas 
say that the Constitution is the 
shed for it. 
whole compact. All the obligations, the chains 
that fetter the limbs of my people, are nominated 
in the bond, and they Wisely excluded uny con- 
clusion aoainst them, by declaring that the powers 
publicists) which' acquired the- property; 
and therefore it_is not the pro perty of the so vereigfr. 
This right' of equality being, then,:. according-to 
justice and natural equity, a rightbelonging •to an 
States, when did we give itup? You say Cong*ess, 
has a right to pass rules and regulations 
ing the 'Iten•itory and other property of the United 
States. Very well. Does that exclude those 
I whose blood and money paid for iO Does '6 dis- 
pose of" mean to rob-the rightful- owners? You 
must show a better title than that, or a. better 
sword than we have. 
But, you say, try the right. agree to it. But 
how? By our judgment? No, not until the last 
-resort. What then; by yours? No, not until the 
same time. How then try it? The South has al- 
ways said, by the Suprcme Court. But that is in 
our favor, and Lincoln says he wili not stand that 
i judgment. Then each mast judge for himself of 
the mode and manner of redress. But you deny 
us that privilege, and finally reduce us to accept- 
ing your judgment. We decline it.- You say you 
will enforce it by executing laws; that means your 
judgment of what thehws ought to be. Perhaps 
you will havea good time of executing yourjudg- 
meat. The Senator from Kentucky comes to 
I your aid, and says he can find no constitutional 
right of secession. Perhaps not; but the Consti• 
tution is not the place to look for State rights. If 
that right belongs to independent States, and they 
did not cede it to the Federal Government, it is 
reserved to the States, or tothe people. Ask your 
new commentator where he gets your right to 
judge for us. Is it in the bond? 
The northern doctrine was, many years ago, 
that the Supreme Court was the judge. That was 
their doctrine in 1800. They denounced Madison 
i for the revjort of 1799, on the Virginia resolutions; 
they denounced Jefferson for framing the Ken- 
tuck y resolutions, because. they were presumed 
to impugn thc decisions of the Supreme Court of 
the United States; and they déclared that that 
court was made, by the Constitution , the ultimate 
and supreme arbiter. That .was the universal 
judgment—the declaration of every free State in 
this Union, in answer to the Virginia resolutions 
01' 1798, or of all who did answer, even including 
the State of Delaware, then under Federal control}. 
The Su preme Court have decided that, by the 
Constitution, wc have a right to go to the 'Terri- 
tories and be protected there with our property. 
You say, we cannot decide the compact for our- 
selves. Well, can the Supreme Court decide it 
! for us? Mr. Lincoln says he does not care what 
the Supreme Court decides, he will turn us out 
anyhow. He says this in his debate with the 
honorable Senator front Illinois, [Mr. DOUGLAS.] 
I have it before me. He said he would vote against 
the decision of the Supreme Court. Then you 
do not accept that arbiter. You will not take 
my construction; you will •not take the Supreme 
Court as an arbiter; you will not take the prac- 
tice of the Government; you will not take the 
treaties under Jefferson and Madison; you will 
not take the opinion of Madison upon the very 
question of prohibition in •18'20. - What, then, 
will you take? You will take nothing but your 
own judgment; that is, you will not only judge 
for yourselves, not only discard the court, dis- 
card our construction, discard the practice of the 
Government, but you will drive us out, simply 
because you will it. Come and do it! You have 
sapped the foundations of society; you have de- 
in a compact 
stroyed ahnost all hope of peace. 
where there is no common arbiter, where the par- 
ties finally decide for themselves, the sword alone 
at last becomes the real, if not the constitutional, 
, arbiter. Your party says that you will not take 
the decision of the Supreme Court. You said so 
at Chicago; you said so in committee; every man 
of you in both Houses says so. What are you 
not granted by the Constitution to the United going to do? You say we shall submit to your con- 
States, or forbidden by it to the States, belonged struction. We shall do it, if you can make us; 
i to the States respectively or the people. Now I but not otherwise, or in any other manner. That 
will t.ry it by that standard; I will subject it to is settled. You may call it secession, or you may 
The iaw of nature, the law of justice, l! cali it revolution; but there is a big fact standing 
perpetual—an argument very much relied upon by that test. 
would say—and it is so expounded by the pub- before you, ready to oppose you—that fact is, 
the friends of the Union" now. Those Articles 
of(.hnfederation in termsdeclared that they should licists—thatequal rights in the common property freemen with arms in their hands. The- cry of 
shall be enjoyed. Even in a monarchy the king the Union will not disperse them ; we have passed 
I believe that expression is used 
be perpetual. 
they demand equal rights: you had 
cannot prevent the subjects from enjoying equulity that point; 
in our last treaty with Billy Bowlegs, the chief of 
in the disposition of the public propeflY. Even in better heed the demand. 
I know it is a phrase used in 
the Seminoles. 
You have no warrant in -the Constitution for 
a despotic Government this priiiciple is recognized. 
treaties \Vith all nations, civilized and savage, 
this declaration of outlawry. •The court says you 
Tliose that are not declared eternal are the excep- It was the blood and the money of the whole peo- 
lions; but usually treaties profess to be for per- ple (says the learned Grotius, and say all the I have no right to make ite The treaty you 
