270 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 7, 
shall not do it. The treaty of 1803 declares that 
the property of the people shall be protected by 
the Government until they are admitted into the I 
Union asa State. That treaty covers Kansas and 
Nebraska. The law passed in 1804 or 1805, under 
Mr. Jefün•son, protects property in slaves in that 
very territory. In 1820, -when the question of 
prohibition came up, Mr. Madison declared it X.,Vas 
not warranted by the Constitution, and Jefferson 
denounced its abettors as enemies of the human 
race. Here is the court; here are our fathers; here 
is cotemporaneous exposition for fifty years, all 
asserting onr right. The Black Republican party 
say, " VVe care not for your precedents or prac- 
tices; we have progressive politics as well as a 
progressive religion. Behold Spooner! We care 
not for the fathers; we care not for the judges." 
They have said more: their leaders on this floor 
have said they will get rid of thc court as James 
II. got rid of' the honest judges when they decided 
aøainst the dispensing power of the Crown. Onc 
scl refused; he turned them out and put in another; 
they refused; ho turned thein out and got another. 
They mocked the constitution and the laws, and 
decided for the Crown. What was the result? 
Hc became, and justly, a wanderer and an outcast, 
and his posterity were wandercrs and outcasts, 
houseless and homeless. The heir of his race— 
the son of Mary of Modena, the last scion ofa per- 
fidious race—died a pensioner of Rome. Read, 
thCli, the record of this reckless king, and profit 
by his cxample. When you appoint judges to 
make decisions, you make a mockery of all jus- 
tice,and of all decisions with freemen-everywhere. i 
Our ancestors told ns how to treat such oppres- 
Siou in IGS8. We have not forgotten the lesson. 
To come back from this digression, I will now 
road your proclamation of outlawry from the I 
Chicao•o platform, to wit: 
, nonn;u condition of the territory of the Uni- 
ted States is oi ; t.hat as our republican fathers, 
they had abolished slavery in our national terri- 
tory, orda that no person be deprived of' lift', 
liberty. or property witli0tn:due process of law, it bee.otnes 
our duty, by congressional legislation, whenever such legis. 
iation bcccnnes BE ecessarv, to ;naintain this provision of the 
oaainst au attempts to violate 
and we deny 
ill ; 
the authority öt• Congress. of a 'I'erritorial Legislature, of 
any individual or association ot• individuals, to give legat 
existence 10 slavery in any Territory of the United States.' • 
'l'here you declare that the treaties -madc by 
MI'. Jefferson 1803 are null, void, and no law; 
there you declare that the acts by which property 
slaves was prolected and allowed, both by ter- 
ritorial and eoncrressional acts, in Florida, in Lou- 
Is:anu, in A i'kansas•, in Missouri, in Mississippi, 
and in Alabarnn, null, void, nnd no law. 
Yoa declare that the decision of the Supt'('lne 
Court is null, void, and no law; 
t,hat there is no 
Constitution but the Chicago platform; yet you. 
propose to corne here und take possession of this 
and swear to liltiintain the Consti- 
tution wit.ll this readi rig, and you are quite aston- 
ished at our having any objections to the peace- 
able least tbc Senator from Oregon 
[1M r: R era] theothOrday. Isuppose that or- 
it_l.st.ccnne out of' the woods. I do not knoxv 
ator hag 
has kept h inuself', if hc lias never heard 
this question than he told us. 
But 
any of 
no Inatt.er what may bc our grievances, the hon- 
oral)leSenator from Kentucky [Mr. CRIT'I'ENDF,X] 
Well, v;hat can we do? 
says we cannot. secede. 
W c cannot revolutionize; he will say that is trea- 
son. W llat can we do? Submit? rl'hey say they 
the Supreme Court; and his declaration may be 
•safely left to judiciaf vindication. 
13ut I have promised to show that Lincoln has 
refused obedience to judicial interpretations of a 
In his speech of 10th 
constitutional question. 
July, 1856, he said: 
If were in Congress, and a vote should come up on 
the question whether slavery should be prohibited in a new 
Tcrritorv, in spite of' the Dred Scott decision, would vote 
that it should." 
I omitted to remark in its proper place that not 
only Mr. Lincoln repudiates the propositions 
which submitted to the committee of thirteen of 
the Senate, but they were all voted against by the 
five members representing the Black Republican 
party in the Senate öf the United States upon the 
committee of thirteen, and I presumed •they were 
not extreme men. Some of them, had been led 
to believe, were the moderate Inen who were 
among, and not of, the organization. But every 
principle which was propÖsed received the con- 
demnation of every onc of them. A resolution 
involving the. same principles, introduced by a 
distinguished colleague of minc in the I-lousc of 
Representatives, was voted down, believe, by a 
unar)imous vote of ail the members of that I-louse 
belongincr to the Republican party. 'The samc 
lesson is taught by cvery declarat:on they make, 
even by thc treacherous silence which has been 
maintained by their most extreme men on this 
floor and elsewhere, on tbcsc subjects, since the 
beginning of this session. Probably sotnc of 
them thought it vvras best to be calm, supposing 
that perhaps the foot which was upon the neck 
of slavery was insecure. Possibly " the jubilant 
Senator from the Northwest ' 
[Mr. DOOLITTLE] 
thought the don') inali01'1 not be perpetual; 
and that it was well to bring thc coils of power, 
of piace, of armies, of navies, and of legality 
around us, in order to tighten our chains before 
we were alarmed. •w c understand this danger, 
and we will anticipate it. You will havc to use 
your strength, not ours, to rivet our chains; spend 
your own money and your own blood, not ours, 
to consolidate your power. 
have, then, establisbcd the proposition—it is 
admitted—that you sock to outlaw 
of property of our people in the 'I'erritories of the 
United States. 
Is not that a cause of war? 
Is it 
n grievance that of the property of 
the people should be, outlawed in the Territories 
of the United States by the corn tnon Governmerit.? 
What, then, is our reliance? Your treachery to 
yourselves? I will not accept that guaran tee. 
I 
know you are treacherous to us, but I see no rea- 
son but justice why you should betray each other; 
and that will not avai, you. 
think, therefore, 
you will do what yon say on that question; at 
least there can be no harm in my accepting your 
declarations as true. 
believe that however hos- 
tile nations may be, they take the warlike decla- 
rations the enctny as truc and sufficient for their 
action. you have declared, Line.oln declares, 
your platfornl dcc!arcs, your people declare, your 
Leo islaturcs declare—thero is one voice ru nning 
through your entire phalanx—Ebat wc shall I-)C 
outlawed in the Torritories of the United Slates. 
I I say we W'ill not be; and svc are willing to meet 
the issue; and rather than submit to such an out- 
lawry, we will defend our territorial rights as we 
would our household gods. 
But, alt.hough I insist upon this perfect equality 
are thc strongest, and they will hang us. Very II in the 'Territories, yet, when it was proposed, as 
I understand the Senator from Kentucky now 
suppose we arc to bb thankful for that. 
boon. NV e will take that risk. We will stand I proposes, that the line of 360 301 shall be extended, 
Yet, not only did your committee refuse that, 
butmy distinguished friend from Mississippi [Mr. 
moderate gentleman like my- 
self—proposed simply to get a recognition that we 
had the right to our own; that man could have 
property in man; and it t-net with the unanimous 
refusal even of the most moderate, Union-savine, 
compromisin.cr portion of the Republican party. 
Theydo not intend to acknowledge it. How could 
they? Mr. Lincoln says that, according to the 
Declaration of [ndependcnce, all men arc born free 
and equal. You do not want any fugitive slave 
law; all you want is a habeas corpus; with this 
you can set them fre.e in Georgia. According to 
this, notion Spooner is right in contending that the 
Federal Constitution authorizes the abolition of 
slavery. Mr. Lincoln thus accepts every cardinal 
principle of the Abolitionists; yet he ignorantly 
puts his authority for abolition upon the Declara- 
tion of Independence, wrhich was never made any 
part of the. public law of the United States. 
well known that those glittering generalities' 
were never adopted into the Constitution of tho 
United States. 
And what a spectacle does Mr. Lincoln present 
of the fathers of the Repub!ic by his absurd 
theory? T herc sat the representatives of thirteen 
slaveho}ding colonies, declaring that an men were 
freé and equal, and endowed by the Creator with 
the same rights. You say they meant their slaves. 
Every State then held slaves, and most of the 
gentlemen who were around that board themselves 
held them. Did those fathers, who pledged to 
God and to mankind their lives, their fortunes, 
and their sacred honors, mean to cheat the human 
racc? Did they falsely and fraudulently utter that 
sentiment, and stiii hold on to their slaves as long 
as they lived? That IS the way you construe it. 
YVashington, during all his lifötime, held hun- 
dreds of slaves. He kept them as long as he lived, 
and left them to his wifiæ, with t hc provision, that 
after her death, they should be free—a very com- 
mon custom with gentlemen in onr countrv who 
have no immediate descendants, and from attach- 
rnent to their slaves are reluctant to let them pass 
even into the hands of collateral relatives. So 
strong was that sentiment, 
that my State was 
compelled to pass a law to prohibit ernancipation, 
or by this time a large portion of the slaves might 
have been free under the operation of that senti- 
ment. Jefferson held slaves all his lifetime, and 
lcft them to his heirs. Madison held them, and 
they went to his heirs. And thesc men are now. 
quoted as meaning to include their own slaves in 
Declaration of Independence; and seem, in 
Republican argument, base enough to hold on to 
" the sum of all villainies,' 
to rob freemen of 
their watres, and plunder them to the day of their 
deatl'). With your doctrines, you have the au- 
dacity to pretend to think well of such men. Shall 
we guve you credit for sincerity ? 
Yes, Mr. Lincoln says it is a fundamental prin- 
ciplc that all men arc entitled to equality in Gov- 
ornmont everywhere. 'I'bat idea seems to be a 
hobby of his. Very well; you not only want to 
break down our constitutional rights; you not 
only want to upturn our social system; your 
people not only steal our slaves and make thenl 
freemen to vote against us; blit you seek to bring 
an race in a condition of equality, socially 
II and politically, with our own people. Well, silt, 
the question of slavery Inoves not, the people of 
Georgia one halt' as much as the fact that you 
insult their rights as a community. You Aboli- 
tionists are right when you say that there arc 
by the right; we will 
t.ako the Constitution; we acknowledging and protecting: onr property on the , 
thousands and tens of thousands of men in Georgia , 
' south side of that line, for the sake of peace—per- and all over the South, who do not own slaves. 
will de.fönd it by sword with t hc halter around 
our necks. -w iil that satisfy the honorable Sen- i manent pence—I said to the committee of thirteen A very large portion of the people of Georgia own 
ator from Kentucky? You cannot intimidate my i and say here, that, with other satisfactory pro- 
none of them. In the mountains, there are com- 
constituents by talking to them about treason. I visions, I would accept it. 
If that or some other paratively but Sew of them; but no part of our 
They are ready to fight for the right with the rope II satisfactory arrancvement is not made, I am for II people are more loyal to their race and country 
immediate action. We are as ready to fight now I E than our bold and brave mountain population: 
around t. hei r 
necks, and meet the black Republi- 
cans and their allies upol'l whatever ground they as we ever shali be. 
am willing, however, to arid every flash of the electric wires brings 
may select. T reason; bah ! 
take the proposition of the Senator as it was un- cheering news froin our mountain tops and our 
'he l)ßaelc Republicans denounce Mr. Buch- 
derstood in committee, putting the North and the vallcys,. that these sons of Georgia are excelled 
anan because he has construed the relation of mas- South on the. same ground, prohibiting slavery by none of their countrymen in loyalty to the 
tor and slave 
' to involve an unqualified property . on one side, acknowledging slavery and protect.- . 
rights, the honor, and the glory of the Common- 
in persons. 
Mr. Lineoln approves their cen- 
ing it on the other, and applying that to all future wealth. They say, and well say: This is our 
sure. So far as this denounces the language acquisition, so t.hat the whole continent to (be 
question; we want no negro equality, no negro 
employed by the, President, it is a simple denial north pole shall be settled upon the one rule, and 
citizenship; we want no mongrel race to degråde, 
of property in slaves; but, with characteristic ' to the south pole under the other. 
1 wili not buy our own; and as one man they would meet you 
will have equality or war. upon the border with the sword in one hand and 
. 1 Iiis part v pot enough of falsehood to a shameful peace. 
(isen[ his real Upon the point is ou i.he war-path, 
and demands a full 
the torch in the other. They would drive you 
referred to, the President has gone no further than II and final settlement this time. 
i, frozn our borders, and make you walk over the 
