1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
blighted ruins of their fair land. We will tell you 
when we choose to abolish this thing; it must be 
done under our direction and according to our 
will; our own, Our native land shall determine 
this question, and not the Abolitionists of the 
North. That is the spirit of our freemen; beware 
of thcm. 
It was in this spirit of intermeddling and mis- 
chief that sixty-cight members of your party in 
the other House, and at least one member of the 
Senate, signed a recommendation to circulate as 
a campaign document an infamous publication 
to excite these very non-slaveholders of the South 
to insurrection against their follow-citizens. 
allude to the Helper book. 'l"his Republican 
party sometimes say "We are not an abolition 
part!. " Take away their Abolitionists, and they 
arc 110body. They would be beaten even in 
New England. All Abolitionists arc Republicans, 
whether all Republicans are Abolitionists or not. 
We understand that. There may be perhaps an 
exception to abolition unanimity, and that is in 
regard to one class, an honest class—composed 
of the New England QI' Boston anti-slavery so- 
ciety, headed by Garrison. Garrison looks at it 
squarely and honestly. He says to these very 
Abolitionists of the other sort, the political Aboli- 
tionists, ' 'Your Government is a pro-slavcry Gov- 
ern ment; you take oaths and you violate thern•, 
II 
cred up to his justice. The matter is carried Still-further 
in States that arc more ckosely connected by friendship 
and good neighborhood. Even in cases of ordinary trans- 
gressions, which are only subjects of civil prosecution, 
éither with a view to the, recovery ot• dama"es, or the in- 
fliction of a slight civil punishment, the subjects of two 
neighboring States arc reciprocally obliged to appear before 
the Inagistrate ot• the placc where they are accused of hav- 
ing failed in their duty. Upon a requisition of that magis- 
trate, called letters rogatory, they tire summoned in due 
form by their own magistrates, and obiiged•to appear. An 
admirable institution, by means of which many neiglibor- 
ing States live together in peace. and see:n to foun only 
one republic! This is in törce through all Switzerland. 
As soon as the letters rogatory are issued in form, the sn- 
perior of the accused is bound to enforce them. it belongs 
not to him to examine whether the accusation be truc or 
false ; he is to presume on the justice of his neighbors, and 
not to suffer any doubts on his own part to impair an insti- 
tution so well calculated to preserve bannony and good 
understanding between the States." 
That is thc law of nations, as declared by one 
of its ablest cxpoundcrs; but, besides, we have 
this principle embodied in the Constitution; we 
have there the obligation to deliver up fugitives 
from justice; and, though it is in the Constitution, 
though it is sanctioned, as I said, by all ages and 
all centuries, by the wise and the good, every- 
where, our confederate States arc seeking false 
pretexts to evade plain. social duty, in which. 
are involved the peace and security of all civil so- 
ciety. If we had no Constitution, this obligation 
would devolve upon friendly States. 
If there 
we will not take these oaths, because we not But instead of givino• us this protection, v.re are 
break them." That is the difference between you 
met with reproaches, reviling, tricks, an(l treach- 
and them. One of the most able, and eloquent, 
cry, to conceal and protect incendiaries and mur- 
and well written exposés of thc position of the 
Garrison Abolitionists that have seen anywhere derers• 
This man Brown and his accomplices had sym- 
is to be found in a late annual report of the 
Massachusetts anti-slavery society; and they say I path izers. Who werc they? Onc of thern, as I 
I have before said, who was, according to his pub- 
"the Constitution isa pro-slavcry instrument. 
which does reco&nize slavery, and you perjure 
yourselves when you take oaths to support it, and 
break them. We cannot vote, we cannot take 
offce, because wc will not take oaths to break 
them; wo cannot vote for you, because we will 
not vote for Inen who will take oaths and break 
them." That is an authoritative exposition from 
this class of Abolitionists. So it seems that the 
Abolitionists with whom we have to deal arc so 
base that the honest Abolitionists themselves will 
not trust them. 
T have already adverted to the proposition in 
regard to giving up criminals who are charged 
with stealing negroes, and I have referred to the 
cases of Maine, New York, and Ohio. I come 
now to the last specification—the requirement that 
laws should be passed punishing all who aid and 
abet insurrection. These are oflinses recognized 
by the laws of nations as inimical to society; 
and I will read the opinions of an eminent pub- 
I said that you 
licist when 1 get to point. 
had aided and abetted insurrection. John Brown 
certainly invaded Virginia. Joh n Brown 's sym- 
pathizers, I presume, are not Democrats. 'Two 
of the accomplices of John Brown fled—one to 
Ohio, one to lox,va. The Governors of both States 
refused to give up the fugitives from justice. The 
party maintained them. I am aware that, in both 
cases, pretexts were gotten up, to cover the shame 
I am gomg to show you that 
of the transaction. 
their pretexts were hollow, unsubstantial, not 
against constitutional law, but affainst the law of 
will show you that it was their duty 
nations. 
to seize them under the law of nations, and bring 
then-i to their confederate States, or even to a 
friendly State. The first aüthority I will read is 
If there had been 
Vattel on the law of nations. 
any well-founded ground, it the papers had been 
defective, if the case had been defectively stated, 
what was the general duty of a friendly State 
without any constitutional obligation? This gen- 
eral principlc is, that one State is bound to restrain 
its citizens from doing anything tending to create 
disturbance in another State, to foment disorder, 
to corrupt its citizens, or to alienate its allies. 
Vattel says, page 162: 
And since the latter [the sovereign] ought not to suil-tsr 
his subjects to rno\est, the uhjccts ot• other States, or to do 
thcnl an injury, much less to givc open, audacious offense 
to foreign Powers, he ought to compel the transgressor to 
make reparation for the dalliarre or injury, if possible, or to 
inflict on him an e.xe;nplai'.v punishine.nt; or, finally, ac- 
cording to the nature and circuinstances of the case, to dc- 
liver him up to the offended State, to be there brought to 
'I'his is pretty generally observed iVith respect to 
great crimes, which are equally contrary to the laws and 
Assasgins, incendiaries, and robbers, 
safety of all nations. 
are seized everywhere, at the desire of the sovereign in 
whose territories the grime was comrnitte.d, and are deliv- 
lic speeches, a defender and a laudator of John 
Brown—is Governor of Massachusetts. Other 
officials of that Statc applauded Brown 's heroism, 
magnified his courage, and, no doubt, lamented 
his ill success. Throughout the whole North, 
public meetings, immcnse gatherinøs, triumphal 
processions; thc honors of (hc hero avid the con- 
queror, were awarded to this incendiary and as- 
sassin. TIN hey did not condemn the traitor; think 
you they abhorred the treason ? 
Yet, I repeat, when a distinguished Senator 
from a non-slaveholding Stutc "[Mr. DOUGLAS] 
proposed to punish such attempts at invasion and 
insurrection, Lincoln and his party comc before 
the world and say, Here is a sedition law To 
carry out the Constitution, to protect States from 
invasion and suppress insurrection, to comply 
with the laws of the United States, isa " sedition 
law," and the chief of this party treats it with 
contempt; yet, under the very same clause of the 
Constitution which warranted this in)portant bill, 
you derive your power to punish offenses aoainst 
the laws of nations. Under this warrant you have 
tried and punished our citizens for meditating the 
invasion of foreign States. You have stopped 
illegal expeditions. Yon have denounced our 
citizens as pirates, and commended them to the 
bloody vengeance ofa merciless enemy. 
Under this principle alone you . protect our 
weaker neighbors of Cuba, Honduras, and Nic- 
aragua. By this alone are we empowered and 
bound to prevent our people from conspiring to- 
(Tether,- givincr aid, givzn• money, or arms, to fit 
out expeditions against any foreign nation. For- 
eign nations get the benefit of this protection; but 
we arc worse off in the Union than if we were out 
of it. Out of it, we should have fhc protection of 
the neutrality laws. Now you can come among 
us; raids may be made; you may put the incen- 
diary's torch to our dwéllings, as you did Jast 
summer för hundreds of miles on the frontiers of i 
Texas; you may do what John Brown did, and 
when the iniscrcants escape to your States, you 
will not punish them; vou will not deliver them 
up. Therefore we stand defenseless. We must I 
cut loose from the accursed body of this death," 
even to get the benefit of the law of nations. Hence 
we are armed, and hence we will stay so, until 
our rights are respected, and justice is done. We 
must take up arms to get the rights that the laws 
II of nations give us, 
Mr. Lincoln's speech, to which I referred as 
some indication of the jeers and the gibes of this p 
charges us with a 
conservative gentleman," 
multitude of ima«yinary• offenses: 
This is a natural and apparently adequate means; but 
i what will convince them?"— 
That he does not intend .to hurt us. 
This, and. this only: Cease LO chll-slaveho?diug wrong, 
and join them in calling it right this must be done 
thorou&W1iy ; done in acts as wen as words. - Silence, Wii-I 
not be tolerated. We znust place ourselves avoWediy--iv.ith 
thenl. DOUGLAS's sedition law Inust be enacted_and 
enforced 
I say so too. •I say I will not stayin the Übion_ 
that gives me less rights than it gives to a foreign 
nation. I will meet you ori this issåe. 
have these rights in the Union, or I will not vy 
in it. 
Douglas's new sedition lawg must' be enacted? and 
enforced 
It must be before I will make peace. 
—g suppressing declarations- of 'hostility -to •slavery; 
whether made in politics, in -presses, in pulpits, or in pri 
V ate. 
That is a vcry adrOit way to state tbc. case. 
We have -never sought to intérfere with 
cussion of any questions in ...your own country. 
The standing laws of ny own State only punish 
the words and acts that are intended .to incite in- 
surrection among any class of people. But you 
write, and speak, and form societies, and claim the 
right to become a nest of incendiaries, in order. to 
assail your neighbors; and you say you have the 
right to do it under the liberty of speech- güaran- 
tied by the Constitution. I Will not interfere with 
your rights, but you must so use them as not to 
injure us. 
You will not regard confederate obligations; 
you will not regard constitutional obligati0*is; 
you will not regal'd your oaths. What, then, am 
1 to do? Am I a freeman? Is my State, a free 
State, to lie down and submit because politicatt 
fossils raise the cry of the glorious Union? Too 
iong already have we listened to this ,delusive 
song. W c are freemen. We have rights;- I have 
stated them. We have wrongsÅ have recounted 
1 have demonstrated that the party now 
them. 
into power has declared us outlaws, and 
is determined to exclude four thousand million 
of our property from the common Territories; 
that it has declared us under the ban of the Em- 
Pire, and out of the protection of the laws of 
the United States everywhere. They have re- 
fused to protect us frorn invasion and insurrection 
by the Federal Power, and the Constitution- de- 
rncs to us in the Union the •right either to raise 
fleets or armies for our own defense. Ali these 
charges I have proven by the record; and I put 
them before the civilized world, and demand the 
judgment of to-day, of to-morrow, of distant 
ages, and of I-leaven itself, upon the justice of 
I am content, whatevet: it be, to 
these causes. 
peril all in so noble, so holy a cause. We have 
appealed, time and time again, for these constitu- 
tional rights. You have refused them. We appeal 
again. Restorc us these rights as we had them, 
as your court adjudges them to be, just as ali our 
people have said they are; redress these flagrant 
wrongs, seen of all men, and it Will restore fra- 
ternity, and peace, and unity, to all of us. Re- 
fuse them, and what then?• We shall then ask 
let us depart in peace," Re(use that, aDd 
you, 
you present us war. We accept it; and inscribing 
upon our banners the glorious words, liberty and 
equality, we will trust to the blood of the brave 
and the God of battles for security and tranquil- 
EXECUTIVE SESSION. 
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate proceed 
to the consideration of executive business. 
Mr. GRIMES and others called for the yeas 
and nays; and they werc ordered. 
The Secretar proceeded to call the roll. 
The PRESId1NG OFFICER. There is too 
much disturbance on the floor of the Senate, and 
it will be impossible to hear the answers of Sena. 
tors unless order is restored. 
Mr. KING (when Mr. SEWARD'S name was 
called) said: My colleague is paired with the Sen- 
ator from California, [iMr. GWIN,] who voted in- 
advertently and will correct it. 
Mr. GWIN. paired off with the Senator 
from New York; and I wish my name withdrawn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be done 
by common consent. 
The result was announced—yeas 30, nays 23; 
as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler„ Bright, Chand- 
ler, Clark, Coklamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, DOug1as, 
Durkee, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster. Grimes, I-larian, 
Johnson of Tennessee, King, Latham, 'Saulsbury, Siu" 
