272 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 7. 
mons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Trumbull, Wade, 
Wilkinson and Wilson—3D. 
man, Davis, Fitzpatrick, Hemphill, Hunter, Jofigson of 
A rkansas, Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Nicholson, Polk; Pow- 
ell, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian, Slidell, Toombs, Wigtäll and 
Yulee—23. 
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
proceeded to the, consideration of executive busi- 
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the doors 
were reopened. 
ADJOÜRNMDNT TO wnDNESDAY. 
ME. SLIDELL. I believe it has been the usual 
custom of the Senate to adjourn over the 8th of 
January, the anniversary of the battle of New 
Orleans; and, in accordance with that custom, I 
move that when the Senate adjourns to-day it be 
to meet on Wednesday next. 
T be motion was agreed to. 
Mr. SLIDELL. Now, in conformity with a 
promise I rnade to the Senator from California, I 
move that all previous orders made for to-morrow 
be fixed för next Wednesday, in the order in 
which they stand. 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 will merely state that the 
Pacific Railroad bill was set down for to-morrow 
at two o'clock, and if we adjourned over, of course 
that would displace entirely the special order; and 
that was the reason why I asked the Senator from 
Louisiana to continue it until Wednesday next, 
at two o'clock. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER.) 
It is moved that all orders which, by order of the 
Senate, werc fixed for to-morrow, stand in the 
same relation on Wednesday t.hat they would on 
Tuesday, if the Senate sat on that day. 
The rnotion was agreed to. 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 move that the Senate do 
now adjourn . 
The xnotion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
MONDAY, January 7, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS I-I. STOCKTON. 
'l'he Journal of Thursday last was read und 
approved. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. 
The SPEA KER, by unanimous cottsent, laid 
before the House a communication f'rotn the Navy 
Department, transmitting, in compliance with the 
twentieth section of the act of August 26, 1842, 
a detailed statement of the expenditure, of con- 
tingent fund of the Navy Department, and its sev- 
eral bureaus, for the fiscal year ending the 30th 
of Junc, 1860; which was laid on the table, and 
ordered to printed , 
The SPF AKER also, by unanimous consent, 
laid before the House a communication from the 
Secretary of State, in answer to a resolut.ion of' 
the House of Representatives, of Dccelnber 18, 
1860, relating to Indian disturbances in New Mex- 
ico; which was referred to the Cornmittcc on Mil- 
itary Affairs, and ordered to he printed. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION. 
Mr. COBB. 'I'hc second time in my life I feel 
Now, I '*vant to say that I happen not to be one 
of those in that dispatch mentioned. While I 
represent the State of Alabama in part—a humble 
representative though I may be—and whilst it is 
rarely that I am consultcd in relation to what the 
policy of Alabama should be, yet I represent 
people who, I think, are capable of speaking for 
themselves; and while I know their wishes, un- 
less they come in conflict with what I believe to 
be my constitutional duty, I shall endeavor to 
carry them out. 
Mr. HOUSTON. Will my colleague euow 
me a word in this connection? I understand that 
the consultation to which the telegraph refers, 
was a consultation upon the part of Senators 
alone; that no member of this House from any 
of those States was in the caucus, if indeed, there 
was any, and they had nothing to do with it. 
The meeting, if I understand it correctly from 
rumor, was a meeting for consultation among the 
Senators from a few of the southern States. No- 
bod else had anything to do with it. 
COBB. That was their privilege; but 1 
did not happen to be with them. It is well known 
I trust 10 
that I send no telegraphic dispatches. 
the wisdom, discretion, and ability df my con- 
stituents to direct the policy of Alabama accord- 
ino• to their own wishes; and I am always satis- 
fied that those wishes will reflect what believe 
to be the true policy of the country. This House, 
and you, Mr. Speaker, are well aware that I havc 
labored diligently ever since the commencement 
of this session of' Congress to heal, if possible, 
the difficulties which distract the two sections of 
the country. God knows my heart, and He 
knows my prayers are continually for the* restor- 
ation and continuance of harmony in this coun- 
try; that the stars and stripes which have so often 
floated in victory over our enemies, and which 
have floated over us in peace, shali still continuc 
to be our protection as long as we can remain 
united as equals. This Congress rnay decide the 
basis upon which we are to stand. A majority 
of the people of Alabama believe th.at they •will 
not i.)C permitted to reniain as equals in this Con- 
federacy; and I, as one of the Representatives of 
the State of Atabarna, am anxious to asccrtain 
1 one of her Repre 
whether we can or not. 
sentativcs who have all along beticved that a con- 
sulcation shou}d be had by th-p southern States, to 
arrive at a detcnnination of what the South in- 
tend to demand; or, to use more respcctful terms, 
what they will ask shall be granted to them as 
rights which they are clearly entitled to. I, for 
one, was in favor of waitincr until the committee 
ot- tlfirty-threc should determine what policy they 
should pursue. 
I will say, in all frankness, that I havc very 
little hope in what they will do. True, I have 
met several gentlemen within the last four or five 
days who, to use their own languaere, said they 
felt itin their bones that something would be done 
to quiet this distracted country. i wish [ could 
If 1 could 
feel in n') y bones that it would be SD. 
I would, departing fronl my usual custom, telc- 
graph to noy couniry that a star had begun to rise 
that, in all probability, would illut-ninute the dark 
und clouded minds of a portion of OUi' country, 
and that peace would reio•n and justice be admin- 
compelled to make an uppeal to the, I-.lousc• 
would ask 
allow me a few mmnenl,s to make a personal istm•ed to the whole land. Yes, sir, 
ali conventions tl•vat, meet to-day to stay their ac- 
ex . lanation. 
lion. Alabama meets in soleml') convention to- 
'he SPEAKER. If is no objection, 
day; and it may not. be inappropriate for to 
gentleman will have leave to proceed. • ' r ho Chair 
stand before this body to-day and plead that they 
hears no objection. The gentleman will proceed. 
may do what is right, in ordel' that Alabat•na Inay 
Mr. COGB. In the outset, Ict me express the 
in vindication of the principles 
not be c,cnnpellcd, 
hope that I may not be interrupted in the few re- 
1 
of justice and rifflit, to tro out of the Union. 
marks I propose to submit. And, before I pro- 
woilld call upon the Republicans in this House, 
ceed, Mr. Speaker, to make my personal explana- 
tion, I want to say to every member of this House and also in the Senate if I had the power, and ad- 
that I do not propose to reflect upon them, or any rnonish them of the danger, and ask them to come 
forward and do something, if they intend to do it, 
onc of them, for anything they may have done. 
day of November last; that the people -decided 
such and such questions involving certain princi- 
ples in reference to the slavery question. 1 deny 
that thc jury impanneled at that time gave any 
such verdict. There were other questions in issue 
i tell you what 
which entered into that canvass. 
believe is the truth, and I tell the country what 
I I believe is right; and i say I do not believe the 
question of slavery was the only question that 
was submitted to the people, but that other ques- 
tions entered into that contest which went iärto 
Is that so? Have you Re- 
influence the result. 
publicans got a majority of the people of this vast 
country to indorse your principles? 
Mr. - McKEAN. Is general debate to be now 
I only want to 
admitted? I do not object to it. 
know if we ate all to be permitted to go int() it. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from 
bama had unanimous consent to make a personal 
explanation. 
Mr. McKEAN. I do not object. I only want 
to know if others are to be permitted to partici- 
i pate in the discussion. 
I Mr. COBB. I will not trespass upon the priv- 
ilege which the House has granted me. 
Mr. McKEAN. would like to participate in 
the discussion myself, if it is to be ailowed. 
Mr. CORR. I was remarking that you Re- 
publicans say that the edict has gone forth: that 
the jurors of the country have been irnpanneled, 
and that their jLtdgn-1ent has becn madc up and 
submitted to the country. I deny it emphatically. 
I ask you, Mr. Speaker, as a fair-minded man— 
as I believe you arc disposed to be, and I trust I 
shall never have occasion to think otherwise—in 
your State do you not recollect that there were 
other questions brought into this controversy be- 
I call upon the Penn- 
sides the necrro question ? 
sylvania delegation to respond to me, and say if 
thero was not another question brought into the 
controversy there besides the necn•o question 
call upon the men of the Northwest to say if the 
slavery question was the only question brought 
into the controversy in their country? And I 
would call upon Inen even from the slave States 
to answcr mc that queslion. 
Mr. I-IINDMAN. Irise to a point of 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I 
man from Alabarna will bc allowed to proceed. 
Mr. COBB. I ask no favor but what the House 
I stand here upmn my rights; 
has granted me. 
and, if I violate the rules of the House, stop me. 
Mr. I-IINDMAN. My point is, that 
the remarks madc by the gentleman are not in 
and I shall 
tbc nature of personal 
[Cries of " go 
therefore obicct to his proceeding. 
on, COBB 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala- 
bama has the floor. 
MI'. COBB. I am speaking in relation to my 
position; and, as I am not much in the habit of 
speaking, I hope shall not be interrupted. I 
wras staling that, when I ask a Republican why 
he does not do something, says his people have 
passed upon the question, and he cannot do it. I 
endeavorinff to show them that they can do 
it, and that their pretext is not predicated on what 
I believe to be sound reasonii]'r. 
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 desire to inquire it the 
gentleman from Alabama obtained the consent of 
the House to rnake a speech upon (reneral poli- 
tics, or was it for the purpose of persol'lal expla- 
'I'his is personal. 
Mr. CC,BB. 
The SPEAKER. The begged leave 
to make a personal explanation, and i suppose 
he considers h unself within that rule. 
Mr. BARKSDALE. point 
(ler madc by the gentlernan from Arkansas, that 
the gentleman from Alabama IS not making a 
personal explanation, but a speech upon general 
They arc responsible f'or their own acts; and while I 
that will relieve the country, which stands to-day i I politics. 
upon the very brink of dissolution. 1 stand il The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen- 
I actaccording to the dictates of my own j ndgmcnt, 
here to-day, while the country is upon the brink tlernan from Aiabama is entitled to go on. 
I shall not calk in question the integrity of those 
of dissolution, and not raise my voice and call Mr. COBB. Let me TO on without interrup- 
who choose to act differently from me. 
in the Baltimore Sun, of this I upon thoso who have the. power, to arrest the evil? 
MI'. Speaker, 
i Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 submit the point of 
morning, I see it announced that the Alabama We know that if the present state of things con- 
r i'he gentleman is abusing the 
order to the Chair. 
tinue for any considerable let]ffth of tirne, an ad- 
and iésissippi (tclegations held a conference last 
justmer)t and reconstruction between these States privilege extended to him by the House, in my 
cveliing, and afterwards telegraphed to the con- 
ventions o? their resy)ective States, advising them carl never be accomplisl'lcd. You have this qucs- judgment, for he is not making a personal explan- 
to secede immcdiately, saying that there is no tion in your own hands, and if you are to do any- ation. 
The SPEAKER. The House has given the 
prospect of an adjustinent of differences, but that thing, do if. quickly. 
eentlcman from Alabama permission to make his 
I-But gentlemen say they cannot do anything. 
they have resolved to remain here and await the 
They say that the edict went forth on the sixth , i explanation; It is impossible for the Chair to say 
action of their States. 
