1861. 
Mr. E'I'HERIDGE. 1 have the floor. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
275 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 think not; 
tion pending to go into committee. 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from 
Ohio withdraw his znotion? 
Mr. SHERMAN. not. 
I am, however, 
perfectly Willing to let thc proposition of the gen- 
tlemanTrom Tennessee come m. 
Mr. ETHERIDGE. 1 will suspend my re- 
marks, and ask the unanimous consent of the 
House for leave to introduce my proposition. 
Mr. JONES. QI object to its coming before this 
House. We have had forty thousand proposi- 
tions already, intended to deceive and entrap our 
I am opposed to ali propositions df the 
people. 
kind. 1 object. 
Mr. ETHERIDGE. If it be in order, 1 move 
for a suspension of the rules. 
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, the morn- 
ing hour not yet having expired. 
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I mpve, pending the•motion 
to go into committee, that •all generäl debate on 
the executive, legislative, and judicial appropria- 
tion bill in the Committee of the Whole on the 
state of the Union be determined within ten min- 
utes after its consideration shall be resumed. 
The motion was agreed to. 
LOGAN HUNTON—AGAIN. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the House, to move that, the joint reso- 
lution for the relief of Logan Hunton, of New 
Orleans, be ordered to be printed. 
There was no objection, and it was so ordered, 
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN. 
The question was then taken on Mr. SHER- 
MAN'S motion; and it was agreed to. 
The House accordingly resolved itself into the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, 
(Mr. ETHERIDGE in the chair.) 
The CHAIRMAN stated chat the bill before 
the committee was House bill No. 892, making 
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and 
judicial expenses of the Government for the year 
ending June 30, 1862; and that the pending ques- 
tion was on striking out the words " for station- 
ery, $12,000." On that amendment tellers were 
ordered. 
Mr. SHERMAN. That amendment, pre- 
sume, was moved by the gentleman from North 
Carolina, [Mr. LEACH,] to test whether a quorurn 
I hope he will withdraw it. 
was present. 
Mr. Carolina. Iwithdrawit. 
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the 
For Congressional Globe, and binding the same, 
$49,300. 
Mr. QU ARLES. i move to reduce that appro- 
priation to $32,000. I do so for this reason: the 
appropriation here is the same amount as that 
which wus estimated; $32,000 was the amount 
provided in the bill for the last session, for these 
same services. It may be surgested that this sum 
of $49,300 is proper for the next session, because 
it ig the long session; but, by referring to the last 
bill, it will be seen that the amount for binding, 
&c., is the same for a tong as for a short session. 
I' cannot see what else enters into the cost of the 
Congressional Globe. 
I see the appropriation for 
binding is $50,000; and it was the same last year. 
T hc printino• is the same this year as it was last 
year. Now, what else can enter into the cost of 
the Congressional Globe? Nothing in the world ; 
and I propose to reduce the amount for the Globe 
and binding $17,300, which is the excess of ex- 
penses for the next session of Congress ('ver the 
present. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Tho gentleman from Ten- 
nessee labors und€ra misapprehension. The ad- 
(litional appropriation for reporting arises from 
the fact that the Globe extends over a greater 
number of pages during a. long session tltan 
a short one. 
Mr. QU ARLES. Last year wore ap- 
propriated for reporting; and tlus year it is pro- 
posed to appropnate $18,000. 
The amendment was not agreed to. 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, moved to 
amend by striking out line sixty-two, as follows: 
For n)iscellaneoug items, $20,000." 
The amendment was not agreed to. 
The following clause being under considerat 
tion— 
For compensation and mileage of members of. the 
House of Representatives and Delegates from Territories, 
Mr. of North Carolina, said: I move 
t.o reduce the. amoLU)t to $550,000. I make this 
motion because, at the first session of the present 
Congress, I introduced a bill for the reduction of 
the pay and mileage of the members of Congress. 
I introduced that bill in good faith; and I believe 
that, if it could be brought to a vote of the House, 
it would pass; and if it shall pass, it will reduce 
the mileage and pay of members one half—the 
reduction that my amendment proposes. It ought 
to be adopted. The fearful condition of the coun- 
try; the bankruptcy of the Treasury; the finan- 
Cial crisis that. is upon us; considerationsof justice 
and economy, all require it; and if not adopted, 
I want the country to understand that at this ses- 
Sion we are borrowing money at kvelve per cent. 
interest to pay the compensation and mileage of 
members of Congress, and the interest on the 
public debt. believe retrenchment and reform 
ought to begin there; and then the people of the 
country would have some hope and confidence 
that Congress would cut down the e*penses of 
the Government in all its departments. It ought 
to be done; and I trust it wili be done. There is 
a bill before the House introduced by me for that 
purpose; and if it can bc brought to a •vote, I be- 
lieve that reform, beginning at the right place, 
rnay be brought about. The cost of printing has 
already bccn reduced forty per cent. , and a reduc- 
tion ought to be made in this matter. The esti- 
mate for the prcsent year is Last 
year it was $615,250. There was also, last year, 
an unexpended bal*nce of $93,000, which may 
be applied to the next year, as I understand it. 
There is, then, it appears, a difference of some 
four or five hundred thousand dollars between 
the estimate of last year and the present. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The difference is easily ex- 
plained. Under the new law, the 
money which becomes due to members durino• 
vacation is. paid the next December; and the con- 
sequence is, that one year the amount is much 
larger than it is the other. Next December we 
receive nine months ' pay; and consequently, dur- 
ing the next fiscal year, a larger amount of com- 
pensation is paid to members than during thé 
present fiscal year. 
Mr. McKN IGHT. Iam opposed to theamend- 
inent offered by the gentleman from North Caro- 
lina, because members of Congress are elected 
with an understanding of what is to be their com- 
pensation. But, at the Same time, I believe a 
good deal is paid to or received by members 
which they are not legally entitled to; and, if, 
when we reach those items, such as appropriations 
for newspapers, stationery, &c., which every 
man ought to pay for himself, the gentleman will 
move to strike them out, I will coöperate with 
him in those reforms. W c are allowed a com- 
pensation of $3,000 per annum, ahd a certain 
amount of mileage. I am in favor of reducin& 
the mileage to three or four cents a mile, and will 
so vote whenever I have an opportunity. 
The amendment was not agreed to. 
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. 1 move to 
out of lines sixty-eight and sixty-nine the words, 
Clerk of the House of Represeß tatives, $3,600. 
I enter the list of reformers in this H.ouse with 
great diffidence. My •experience here does not 
give me that information which is necessary to 
enable me to discharge my duties in all respects, 
so far as reforming the expenses of this House 
are concerned; but what I see here I think I know. 
So far as the Clerk of the House of Representa- 
tives is concerned, I only know him in an omcial 
character by the Journals of this House. 
licve have had the pleasure of seeing the Clerk 
in this House once, performing the grateful duty 
of reading to the House the message of the Pres- 
ident, ',vhich was •,vell done; but the duties of the 
Clerk of the House of Representatives are not 
performed by the officer whom we elected. Those 
who have anything to do with the Clerk's offce 
know that its duties are performed by the polite 
and gentlemanly assistant clerk, Mr. Hayes, who 
performs all the duties of Clerk. I do not, there. 
ing men to execute the duties 0(._ Qßce. *Ethere- 
fore move to 8triké out coniriifimtiöh 'Whiéh 
is allowed to the Clerk. of the- Eoüæ.«sRöpré- 
sentatives—he performing ntue Of 'diiiieg. 
The amendment was not ågieed to'. 
Mr. ALLEN. I strikeout-from lines 
seventy-four and seventy-five, the. words,] Mes- 
senxer in charge of the söubh' wing oftlie Capitol* 
$1,500. " [understand that there is ho ser,viee'what••• 
ever to be performed by that tnesseiger. There are 
two different persons clßiming the 'right to take 
charge of that portion of the Capitol, while thére 
is no service for either. If I am eori•ect.ly informed, 
by a resolution of the Thirty-Fourth Congress a 
messenger was appointed to take charge of a cer- 
tain room—the room of the Committee on Agt•icul- 
tur.e. That was. before the Hall of the -pÉesent 
House was occupied; and that gentleman claims 
to hold that offee to-day at a salary of $1,500 a 
year, although- the main chai•ge of -the romn is 
committed to laborers Who recei€e a'compensatiqn 
of $1 50 pet• day. I am satiSfied that ibere is no 
necessity for the services ofa perSon •tb take' charge 
of that room, as ghere are no duties: for, him, to 
perform. I hope the appropriation will be stricken 
out. The Doorkeeper has likewise the power to 
appoint a messenger for the same place; and he 
has a suffcient number of messel)gers under his 
chage to discharge all theduties (it any.) that can 
devolve upon this messenger. The messenger 
provided for in the appropriation is a very clever 
gentleman, placed there at the instance of another 
gentleman for whom I have great respect; and I 
am satisfied this fact induced some gentlemen to 
support a similar appropriation last session. I 
hope, however, this needless approprigtion will 
not again be made. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. QU ARLES. I see in these appropriatioas 
for the clerks and messengers of the House an ap- 
propriation for a messenger to the Postmaster of 
the House. 
i do not see that any estimate was 
submitted to us for the services of this messen- 
ger. The Postmaster of the House has no mes- 
senger. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of ways 
and Means called the offcer a messenger 
in- 
stead of " assistant Postmaster." 
Mr. QUARLES. It is all right, then. 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, moved to 
strike. out lines one hundred and five to one hun- 
dred and ninc inclusive, as follows: 
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe and 
Appendix for each rnmuher and delegate of the first see$on 
of the Thirty-Seventh Congress,' and one hundred of the 
same for the House Library, $39,688." 
The amendment was not agreed to. 
Mr. QU ARLES. I move to strike out lines 
one hundred and ten to one hundred and thirteen 
inclusive, as follows: 
For the compensation of the draughtsman and clerks 
employed upon land maps, clerks to-committces, and tem- 
porary clerks in the oflice of the Clerk of the -House Of-Rep- 
resentatives, $17,800. 
I understand there is no use fgr these draughts- 
men find clerks ernployed on these land maps; 
that the expenditure is entirely useless; (liat no 
use is Inade of those maps in the House of Rep- 
resentatives. This approprituion ought not to be 
made; and the services should be dispensed with. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the gentleman 
that there must have been a mistake in printing 
the bill; for the Committee of Ways and Means 
excluded the land-map clerks. I move to amend 
the original clause which the gentleman moves to 
strike out, by striking out the words " draughts- 
man and clerks employed upon the land maps." 
Mr. QUARLES. Then the gentleman from 
Ohio wants to leave in the whole ainount of ap- 
propriation, when there are no men to whom it 
to be paid. His amendment does not lessen 
the amount of appropriation at all. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr.' Chairman, 1 thought 
I explained to the gentleman that the Committee 
of Ways and Means did not allow anything for 
these land-map clerks. The amount estimatod 
for was $23,984. We struck out the land-map 
clerks, and reduced the appropriation to $17,800. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. For what? 
Mr. SIIERMAN. For clerks to committees. 
fore, think that we should pay a man $3,600 for They were appointed under resolutions of the 
doing nothing. The great difficulty now geemg House, and I suppose you have to. pay them. 
Mr. QU ARLES. Seventeen thousand eight 
to be in making offces for men, and not in find- 
