276 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 7, 
hundred dollars was exactly the amount last year. 
This year the estimate was $23,000. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The land-map clerks are 
now dispersed wi*h under the law of last ses- 
sion. 
Mr. SHERMAN'S amendment was agreed to. 
The question recurred upon Mr. QUARLES'S 
motion to strike out the clause, as amended. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. If 1 understand the 
ation of the chairman of the Committee of Ways 
and Means, I am opposed to this motion. The 
clause applies not to the land-map clerks, but to 
others. 
Mr. SHERMAN. It applies to 
mittees and temporary clerks in the ofhce of the 
Clerk, That is ail. 
LOVEJOY. Then J think it ought to 
stand. 
Mr. MARTIN,0fVirginia. 1 understood the 
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means 
to say that this was a misprint. What, then, is 
the objection to the motion of the gentleman. from 
Tennessee ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman 
said the words " draughtsmen and 
stood me. 
clerks employed upon the Iqnd-maps" was a mis- 
'That has been stricken out; but thc bal- 
ance is. to provide for the clerks of committees. 
The question was taken on Mr. QUARL%S'S 
motion; and it was disaxreed to. 
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I move to strike 
out the following clause: 
For cnaraving, electrotyping, and lithographing, 
$50,000." 
I do it for the purpose of obtaining information. 
I desire to know of the chairman of the Commit- 
tee of Ways and Means, in what department of 
this I-louse it becomes necessary to pay this amoun t 
for enoraving. electrotyping, and lithographing? 
Mr. SHERMAN. If we get with 
It is chiefly for cn- 
we shall be doing very well. 
graving the plates of the Patent Of-Twe report— 
mechanical and also the nm•icultaral parts of the 
report. 
The amendment was disagreed to. 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. 
L move to 
strike out in line one hundred and twenty-one, all 
after the word " repairs," and in line one l)tu'ldred 
and twenty-two to •strike out " #10,000," and in- 
sert " so as to make the clause read: 
For furniture, repairs, 9,000. 
'That. is to says I propose, to strike out 
for packing-boxes for rnernbers. 
rrhe amendment was disagreed to. 
Mr. SiMITH, of North Carolina. 1 move to 
strike out the item, for stationery, $15,000." 
Tho at»endment was disagreed to. 
Mr. MARTIN,0fVirginia. 1 move to strike 
out thc following clause 
For horses, carriaøe.*, alid saddle-horses, $7,.500 
I have nothing to say upon the subject. I think 
it an imposition. 
I desire to•inquirc 
Mr. MOORE, Kentucky. 
of the chairman of the Conunitt.oe of Ways and 
one' hundred and twenty-eight; which is as fol- 
lows: 
For newspapers, $12,500." 
I do so becausc I believe it is a very small thing 
for a member of Congress to ask this great Gov- 
ernment to pay for his newspapers. I can readily 
understand why we should •be furnished with a 
copy of the official paper containing the reports 
of our proceedings; but beyond that, as, honest 
men, we ought not to go. I should like to have 
vote on my amendment. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 have nothing of 
very great importance to urcre in opposition to the 
motion that has just been made; but I do think 
that the Govct•nment should not only pay for the 
newspapers of members, but should pay members 
for reading them. [Laughter.) 
The amendment was disagreed to. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am instructed by the 
Committee•of *Ways and Means to offer the fol- 
lowing amendment: 
To enable the Superintendent or Public Printing to carry 
into eflOct the provisions of the joint resolution in relation 
approved July, 1860, : 
printinu. 
to the public 
Prcn:ided, 'I'hat no part ()t• this appropriation shali be ex- 
pended until the title to the property purchased shah! have 
been examined and approved by the Attorney General of 
the United States. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. Chairman, 1 offer the fol- 
lowinff amendment, to counc in at the end of line 
one hundred and sixty: 
Eæptoring Repedition.—rro pay arrcars due authors and 
artists of tl\O explorin« expedition, in pursuance of tlle act 
August 26, 11842, .036 26. 
I am instructed by the Committee on the Li- 
brary to offer tl-hat amel)dment. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 thin•k it my duty to raise 
a point of order in regard to that amendment. 
The CHAIRMAN. If the. of is 
made, the Chair must decide the amendment out 
of order. 
A1 r'. P F T TIT. Beforc the dccision is made, 
I would like to noakp a suggestion to the Chair. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the 
centlcnnan. 
Mr. PETTIT. I submit that this is the proper 
placc for the if it comc.s in at all. 'I'llis 
IS a matter which by law was placed v./ithin the 
control of the Joint Committee on the Library, 
and this section of the bill relates to the Library 
I apprehend, then, that it is so 
of' Q, on oa•ess. 
nearly connected with the subject as to make it 
If the Chair rules otherwise, I shall 
applicable. 
propose it as an additional section to coine in at 
the end of the bill. 
Mr. SHERMAN. to say, if 
the amcndnwnt would be appropriate to any ap- 
it is a deficienöy. The Commit- 
proprintion bill, 
t.eeOfWaysand Moans eonsidered it and rejected 
I therefore deemed it In y duly to Inake the 
it. 
point of order. 
Mr. PETTIT. only word to say, 
in rc 31 y to tho gentlelnan. -MI hat is now pro-• 
pose( is no deficiency at all, and for this reason: 
the act 26th August, 1842, which directed the 
Means, bow man v carriao•cs arid saddle-horses publication of thc results of the exploring expe- 
put that publication completely wiibin the 
dition , 
are purchased fün• the use of the Enembers of the 
control of the Joint Committee on the Library. 
I-_louso of Representatives, and for what purpose 
As a consequence of that, and makinæ use of tliC 
they are used 
powrcrs to that committee, they entered 
Mr. SHERMAN. heard this matter 
into various contracts writh authors and •artists, 
explained at every session of Congress since i 
havc been here. The horses are not for the inenl- the to be paid to each ot• whon"l was to 
That is to be a very large 
which will be peculiarly liable to abuses; and I 
think that the very bcst security we can take 
against abuses in that establishment, will be to 
insist, at the very outset, on the strictest respons• 
ibility on the part of all those connected with it; 
and that Congress Shan have the means of. judg- 
ing whether the money appropriated by law has 
been judicioUs)y and properly expended. The 
item in this appropriation bill IS, I presume, to be 
expended by the Government printing offce. We 
find here—and I make no complaint of the chair. 
man of the Committee of Ways and Means for 
it—that the whole appropriation for printing— 
put in in a lump, without any items 
or details at all as to the manner in which the 
money is to be used. I have—no doubt that the 
Committee of Ways and Means have examined 
that matter, and know that the money is to be 
properly used. •But think that, if we require the 
Superintendent of Printing hereafter to tell us in 
advance the particular items for which the money 
will be required, we will have taken one of the 
very best securities that we can take against 
abuses in the Government printing office. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am directed by the Com- 
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following 
amendment, to come in after line two hundred 
and eighty-three: 
For blank books, binding, omce furniture, carpettng, two 
daily newspapers published in the city of Washington, files 
and papers, bounty land service, and miscellaneous items, 
$1,000. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I propose to amend, by 
striking out the following clause in the bill: 
For additional clerks in the General Land Office, under 
the act of 3d March, 1855, gtttnting bounty land, and for Ia- 
borers ernployed therein, $58,400 : Pro-vided, 'I'hat the Sec- 
retarv of the Interior, at his discretion, shall be, aud he ig 
hereby, authorized to use any portion of said appropt•iatio:; 
for piece work, or by the day, weék, Inonth, or year, at 
such rate or ratcs as he may deem just and iäit." 
This is a special appropriation, providing for 
operations in the- Land Ofiice occasioned by the 
bounty land act of 1855, granting bounty lands to 
the old soldiers. The business arising under that 
law-*has, in a great measure, been completed; and 
I understand that there are in the Land Offce a 
great many more clerks than there is business for. 
I have understood, for example, that some of the 
clerks have only for their daily labor to fill up the 
blanks in twenty-five land patents that are laid 
on their desk, and then taken away—an amount 
of labor which any ordinary scrivener could per- 
orm in less than an hour. 
It is the same •in the other Departments of the 
Government. There are in all the Departments 
many more clerical employés than are necessary. 
They are merely a burden on the public 'l'rcas- 
ury. The clerks for whom this clause provides 
payment are so maniftstly urinecessary that I am 
opposed to having an appropriation madc for their 
further continuancc in offce. The omission of 
this i(cm will be a sufficiently significant expros- 
Sion of opinion on the part of Congress to the 
Secretary of the Interior, that. he should discharge 
that portion of the clerical force of his l)epart- 
therefore hope that it will be struck out, 
mcnt. 
and then we will not, of course, have an estimate 
made fbt• it again. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The clerical force of this 
Department has been very much reduced within 
depend on estiunatcs, to be afterwards made by the 
last year or two. At the last session of Con- 
bers at ail. They are horses used in carryihg the i 
the Joint Comn')ittee on the Library. bas 
gress the Committee of Ways and Means ad- 
mails down , und sending messeno•ers to the Ti'rcas- 
ury Department, and for various purposes. T hc ' on}y done at this tin-rp, and therefore the 
dressed to the Cornmissioner of Public Lands •a 
appropriation asked fin• is not a deficiency. '_Phe 
iotter of inquiry in regard to the duties of the 
horses do not belong to the but ecr- 
tain messengers receive $2 50 a day for keeping arnount could not he paid till the estimate had 
clerks h) his department, and as to the necessity 
been agreed upon bv the Library Committee. 
of keeping them. His reply was entirely satis- 
horses and wagons to carry the mails, I 
submit, that this is no deficiency. 
factory. It showed that although a great portion 
think there arc five or six employed. 
The CHAIRMAN. The to its I of the duties of had been discharged, yet 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. 
I insist on my 
original jud(rment, and rules the amendment out 
the number of applications to be constantly acted 
amendment to strike out the whole item. Mes- 
upon required the force then asked for. That 
sengers and post-boys are as well able to walk as Of order. 
Mr. BRANCII. 
I the amend- 
forec was granted. This thin(F be, as a mat- 
members of Congress. 
Mr. ALLEN. In support of the motion made ment, to come in at the close of iine nine hundred Ij ter left to the discretion of these offcers; 
by the geritlen-lan from Virginia, I beg leave to i i and sixty: 
And hereafter the *upcriutelident of Public Pril'tünæ shall 
statc that it would bc cheaper to hire the hauling 
now done by these carriacres and horses than it subtnit to at the connnencenneut of each session 
detailed est.inidtes tbc sutns required for the Goverunie•nt 
I think it 
is to keep tho carriages and horses. 
printill{f office; and he shall also a report, showing 
would be very proper that this item should be II the paynwnts Inade during the. preceding year under his 
stricken out, and to let the hauling required to be direction. 
The object of my amendmcnt is, that Congress 
done be hired. 
The amendment was disagreed to. 
may have a practical control over the expendi- 
Mr. N'!cKNIGHT. 1 move to strike out line tures to L)? made in the Government printino• t)flicc. 
and I think that if we wcrc to act in the dark and 
reduce the clerical force of the Departments, with- 
out full information on the subject, we might do 
I trust, there- 
great injury to the public service- 
fore, that the original appropriation will be Inade. 
We must depend, to some extent, on the discre- 
tiDn of these executive officers. 
The question was taken on Mr. MAYNARD'S 
amendment; arid it was not agreed to. 
