278 
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE. 
January 7, 
The Clerk proceeded with *the reading of the 
Mr. BRANCH. I presume that the appropri- 
ations made in. this bill for the public printing are 
with a view-to its being executed in the Govern- 
ment printing offce ? 
Mt. SHERMAN. Such is the law. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
For. paper and printing of the Executive Departments, 
including the paper, printing, and binding the Biennial 
Register and the annual statement of commerce Ond navi- 
gation,- and •the• paper and printing of the annual estilnates 
of appropriations, $55,000." 
Mr. PETTIT. I move to amend that para- 
graph by adding the following: 
Protided. That the preparation of the said Register shall 
be made under the direction of the Secretary of the In- 
terior. 
Formerly, sir, this work was prepared by the 
Secretary of State. It was when the Federal com- 
missions were countersigned by him, and issued 
under the seal then in his offcc. At this time 
this duty morc properly belongs to the Depart- 
ment of the Interior. 
Mr. N I BLACK. Is it not the law nour that 
it shall be prepared in the Department of thc In- 
terior? 
Mr. PETTIT. It is not the law. It was 
ommended at the last session by the Assistant 
Secretary of State. 
It is proposed in a bill now 
pending in the Senate; but. with a view to reach 
the matter at once, I have moved 'the amendment 
now before •the committee. 
The question Was taken; and the amcndmcnt 
was agreed to. 
Mr. SHERMAN. move -to amend, by in- 
zerting the f0110'.virp: 
For contingent expenscs to reimburse Wilson Shannon, 
while acting Governor of the rrerritory of Kansas, $156. 
T hc amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. PORTER. 1• move the following amend- 
ment: 
For providing proper furniture for Ehe new court-house 
and post office at Indianapolis, Indiana, $5,000. 
Mr. MAYNARD. Is that amendment in 
order? 
Mr. PORTER. The Government has nearly 
completed this public building in Indianapolis, 
and this furniture is necessary in order to allow 
of its beino• occupied. 
Mr. BRÄNÖH. 
I raise the point of order, if 
nobody else does. 
Mr. PORTER. If we do not appropriate this 
money, this building will not be in a condition to 
be occqpied for the purposes of a court-house and 
a post offce, for which it was designed. While 
$120,000 has been appropriated for the erection 
of this building, no appropriation has yet been 
made for supplying it with the necessary furni- 
I hold that tlNs amendment is not out of 
ture. 
It is within the spirit of the rule of the 
House, which is as follows: 
No appropriation sliüll be reported in such general ap- 
propriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto, 
för any expenditure not previously authorized by law, un- 
less in continuation ot• appropriations 'Or such public works 
and objects as are already in pro$ess, and the contin- 
gencies for carrying on the several deparunents of the Gov- 
enunent." 
This amendment must bc considered as provid- 
inz for the completion ofa work now in progress 
of construction. It' this furniture be not provided, 
the building cannot be used for the pui•poses for 
which it was designed. I hold the amendment 
is in order. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the 
point of order raised by the gentleman from r l'en- 
nessee, and rules the amendment out of order. 
VI r. MAYNARD. There' is some information 
sometimes to be derived from the consideration of 
these appropriation bills, and a sort of informa- 
tion, too, very acceptable to the people, who want 
to know where the money of this Government 
goes to. On this 33d page of the bill provision 
made for the compensation of some thirty sub- 
ordinates around the person of the President, and 
among them I find that there are twenty-two la- 
borers employed in the President's grounds and 
gard on. Here is also a furnace keeper at a salary 
of $600 a year. Those of us who do not know 
any better, would suppose that those laborers 
would be employed principally during the warm 
season of the year, when they could work in the 
garden, and the furnace keeper only in the winter 
season when fires are necessary. It occurs to me, 
that out of these twenty-two laborers, one might 
be found, by rotation during the cold season, to 
attend to the fires, without the necessity of em- 
ploying an additional laborer for that purpose, 
and that that item might be stricken out. I would 
make the offce of President as dignified a one as 
possible, but I would rather that it should rest 
more upon the character of the incumbent than 
upon the number of subordinates placed around 
him. I think we can dispense with that offcer;and 
therefore I move to strike out lines seven hundred 
and eighty-six and seven hundred and eighty- 
seven, which, provide for a fireman. 
The ameridment was not agreed to. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am directed by the Com- 
mittec of Ways and Means to offcr the following 
amendment, to come in just here: 
For furnishing the Prcsident's House, to bc c*pended 
under the direction of the President, in addition to thc pro- 
ceeds of sale of such of the furniture and equipage as Inay 
be decayed arid unfit for use, $20,000. 
For introducing the Potomac water into the President's • 
House, $4,420. 
I will state that the first appropriation is the 
same as has heretofore been granted every four 
years for refurnishing the Pi•esidont's House. 
Four years ago' the sum was $28,000. 
The sccond appropriation is for introducin<the 
Potomac water into the President's House. This 
is deemed proper, not only for the safety of the 
buildin€», but for the hcalth and convemcnce of 
the inmates. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I see in one of the papers 
thatgive the oublic everything w'hich relates to the 
private o'f public men, that the President 
elect was cither in, or about to bc in, the city of 
New York, to lay in furniture for the White 
House. 
I do not know whether this appro- 
priation is designed to cover those bills or not. 
[Laughter.] But I an-u in favor of doing us much 
fbr the incoming Presidcnt as we did fbr the out- 
going Prcsidont. 
The alncndment was am•eed to. 
Mr. PETTIT. As has now been read 
through, I offer, a's an amendment, the followin«r 
additional section: 
SEC. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there is hereby 
further appropriateä, in like manner, to pay arrears due 
the authors and artists of the exploring expedition, in pur- 
suance of the act of August 6, 1842, $11,036 26. 
The appropriation which is asked for in this 
additional section, is for the purpose of paying, 
as it is expressed therein, the arrears due the 
authors and artists connected with the 
expedition, under the act of August, 1842. The 
J (nnt Committee on the Library were directed to 
publish an account of the results of that expedi- 
lion. The form, as well as the mwtter, of the publi- 
cation, was prescribed by the law. The commit- 
tee has been steadily pursuing that object, acting 
merely as the right hand of Congress, without 
any discretion of their own upon the subject. At 
the last session of Congress, there being no ap- 
propriation for this object, a suspension of the 
work wras practically made. The arnount now 
proposed to be appropriated, is due to scientific 
gentlemen and artists who have been employed 
by the committee in connection with that work; 
and it is proper that it should be provided for in 
I have already said that I have 
this manner. 
moved this amendment under the direction of the 
Joint Committee on tho Library. 
Mr. BRANCH. As usual, there is so much 
noise and confusion that I cannot hear what is 
would inquire whether I understood 
(Y01ncr on. 
the gentleman from Indiana to say that this 
amount of money is necessary for the payment of 
salaries during the Ome this work has been sus- 
pended by reason of the non-action of Congress? 
Mr. PETTIT. In reply to the gentleman from 
North Carolina, I will read the first section of the 
act under which this work has been done. It" is 
enacted that— 
There shall be published under the supervision and di. 
rection of the Joint Committee on the Library an account 
of the discoveries made by the exploring expedition under 
the command of Lieutenant VVilkes of the United States 
Navy ; which account shall be prepared ',vith illustrations, 
and published in a torm *linilar to the. vovage of the astro- 
labe, lately published by the Government- oi• France." 
The Committee on the Library, in 1842, and 
subsequently, but all earlier than 1850, entered 
into engagements with •scientific gentlemen for the 
purpose of embodying, in proper form, the scien- 
tific results that expedition. " The contracts 
made at that time stipulated, either in the pro- 
gress or upon the completion of their work, a cer- 
tain compensation. Appropriations have been 
made from time time, and accordingly pay- 
ments have been made from time to time, to the 
various persons connected with the work. There 
is now this amount of arrear' due to the several 
gentlemen, all of whom, with one exception, are 
scientific gentlemen, among whom are Agassiz, 
Dr. Gould, and Professors Gray,' Torry, Sulli- 
vent, and others. 
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman states, as 
chairman of the Joint Committee on the Library, 
that this money is duc, undcr the contract, I have 
nota word to say in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. PETTIT. Such is the fact. 
T hc amendment was adopted. 
Mr. HUGHES. 1 offer the following amend- 
ment as an additional section: 
SEC. 3. ,nnd be it further enacted, 'That there is hereby 
further appropriated, in like manner, for the preparation 
and publication of the charts of the exploring expedition 
under the command of Captain C. Ringgold, United States 
Navy, $7 ,500. 
I will briefly explain the object of the amend- 
ment. In 1852 Congress ordered the fitting out of 
an expedition for the purpose of making surveys 
of the Straits of Sumatra, the northwestern coast 
of Siberia, and of Behring Straits. In consequence 
of indisposition, after certåin duties had been per- 
formed, Captain Ringgold—tired from the expe- 
dition, and the command was turned over to Lieu- 
tenant Richards, of the Navy. Since then, appro- 
priations •have been made by Congress for the 
purpose of publishing the charts and the results 
attained by Lieutenant Richards. There is on 
hand a large amount of useful information—and I 
can speak of it from personal knowledge—which 
ought to be published for the benefit of the Navy 
and of cmnmerce. This amendment simply pro- 
poses to carry out the intention of Congress, under 
the law, that these results should be published to 
the world. Of course, when an exploring expe- 
dition is fitted out, 
it is not necessary, in the bill 
authorizing it, to specify that the charts shall be 
published. That follows as a necessary conse- 
quence, because it is in that way alone that the 
results of the expedition can be secured. sub- 
mit, therefore, that the amendment is not only 
germane to the purposes of the bill, but that there 
are reasons, and the stroncrest possible reasons, 
why the committee should adopt it. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 raise the question of or- 
der whether this is an appropriation that is .pro- 
vided for by any existing law, and whether the 
•amendment is in order? 
Mr. HUGHES. Before the Chair makes his 
decision, would simply say that I supposed I 
had met that objection already. An appropriation 
was made under authority of law for the purpose 
of fitting out this exploringuexpedition; and tl-lis 
is merely a provision for the publication of the 
results ot• that expedition, •vhich must have been 
contemplated when the law was passed. It can- 
not be imagined for a moment that the Govern- 
ment intended to send out an expedition for the 
purpose of making surveys and explorations and 
gatherincr results together, which wore not to be 
published. I contend, th6refore, that this is a 
direct result of the law of 1852, providing for the 
fitting out of the expedition; otherwise all the 
money you have expended upon it—and you have 
expended a great deal—would be thrown away, bc- 
cause these astronomical observations and sound- 
incs are of no manner of use unless you give them 
substance through charts and reports. This is a 
necessary result—it is æcorollary from the previ- 
ous legislation. It is therefore as directly under 
the authority of law as any expenditure which 
could have been made under the law of 1852. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 do not regard it as ne- 
cessary to carry on the regular operations of the 
Govcrnmcnt. 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from 
Iowa insist on his point of order? 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 do. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the 
amendment out of order. 
Mr. PORTER. 1 offer the following. amend- 
ment, to come in at the end of the bill: 
SEC. and be it further enacted, That there ig hereby 
further appropriated, for completing and providing proper 
furniture for the new court-house and post offce at Indi- 
anapolis, Indiana, $5,000. 
