280 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 7, 
Mr. AVERY stated that his colleague, Mr. 
THOMAS, wäs„absentupon a select committee of 
the House. 
Mr. SINGLETON (when his name yas called) 
said:. IVfr. Speaker, I must decline to vote upon 
this proposition, as I have done upon similar 
propositions heretofore. These questions will be 
decided by convention representing the sover- 
eignty of my State, which in session to-day. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM (when his nam.e was 
called) said: I prefer the original Crittenden prop- 
ositions, with -certain amendments, as a basis for 
action , because they would settle the slavery ques- 
lion in the Territories definitively, os well south as 
north of 360 30', as also in all territory hereafter 
acquired. Anything less than a complete, final, 
and irrepealable adjustment, right now, of the 
question of slavery, would bc idle and mischiev- 
ous. But, as no action can be had upon the sub- 
ject in any form tili the rules are suspended, I 
vote ' 'a y." 
Mr. LOOMIS stated that Mr. WOODRUFF was 
confined to his room by sickness. 
Mr. BRANCH made a similar statement with 
regard to three of his colleagues, Messrs. CRATGE, 
RUFFIN, and WINSLOW. 
Mr. COLFAX announced that Mr. CASE was 
absent on business of the House. 
Mr. QUARLES stated that Mr. NELs0N was 
engaged on the committee of thirty-three. 
Mr. AVERY said: Notwithstanding, as I un- 
derstand it, this is the same proposition substan- 
tially that was before what IS called the border 
States committee, and that it has been repudiated 
since by the Republican members of that com- 
mittee; I feel humiliated that 
all propositions of this sort should come from the 
South, yet still I vote " a y." 
'I'he result of the vote was announced as above 
recorded. 
APPEAL IN COPY-RIGHT CASES. 
Mr. COX. I ask the unanimous consent of the 
House to take up House l)ill No. 554, to cxtcnd 
the right of appeal from decisions of circuit courts 
to the Supreme Court of the United States. 
There being no objection, the House proceeded' 
to the consideration of the bill. 
It directs that, 
from atl judgrnents and decrees of any circuit 
court rendered in any action, suit, controversy, 
or case, at law or in equity, under any law of the 
United States granting or confirmino• to authors 
the exclusive right to their respective wrilings, a 
writ of error or appeal, as the case rnay require, 
shall lie to the Supreme Court of the Unit.ed 
States, iri the samc manner and under the same 
circumstances as is now provided by law in other 
*judgments and decrees of such circuit courts, and 
m all other cases in which an injunction is awarded 
or granted by the decree, and also in alh other 
cases in which tl')e court. shall deem it reasonable 
to allow the writ of error or appeal. 
The bill was ordered to bc engrossed and rcad• 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingl read the third time, and passed. 
Air. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which 
the bill was passed; and also moved to lay the 
motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was acyreed to. 
APPROVAL OF MAJOR ANDERSON'S COURSE. 
Mr ADRAIN. 1 offer the resolu- 
tion : 
Resolved, That we fully approve of the bold and patriotic 
act of' Major Anderson in withdrawing from Fort Moultrie 
to Fort Sunuter, and of the determination the President 
to maintain that tuarless officer in his present position ; and 
that we will support the President in all •constitutional 
measures to eniörcc the laws and preserve the Union. 
Mr. GARTRELL and others objected to the 
resolution. 
Mr. AI)RAIN. If there be objection, I move 
to éuspend the rules. 
Mr. BARKSDALE. On that motion 1 demand 
the yeas and nays. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask for the read- 
ing of the resolution. 
The resolution was again read. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 appeal to the gentleman 
from New Jersey that, in view of the present ex- 
cited condition of the country, he withdraw his 
resolution. [Cries of " No !" " No !" from the 
Republican side of the House.] 
Mr. A DRAIN. There is no member of the 
House more dcsirous than I am to restore friendly I 
relations between the North and South; but yet 
while thepeople of the country are approving the 
act of, Major Anderson; I deem it but just and 
right that this House should also declare its 
approval Of it. [Loud calls to " Order ! "] 
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 move that the House 
do now adjourn. 
The motion was not agreed to. 
The question recurred on Mr. ADRAIN'S motion 
to suspend the rules. 
Mr. HOUSTON. If gentleman from New 
.Tersey will allow me 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 object to debate. 
Mr. HOUSTON. am not going to debate it. 
I am to say nothino• more than this 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 call the gentleman to order. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala- 
bama cannot be permitted to proceed. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Let us vote on it. 
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the vote is taken on 
the motion to suspend the rules, I ask leave to 
offer an amendment to the resolution. 
Several MEMBERS objected. 
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion 
to suspend the rules. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Before am com- 
pelled to vote, I ask for the reading of the reso- 
lution. 
The resolution X,vas again read. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 53; as folJows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad- 
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, 
Babbitt, Beake, Bingham, Blair, Blake, 'Brayton, Briggs, 
Buffnton, Burlingmne, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Clemens, 
Coburn, John Cochrane, Colfax, Covode, Cox, John G. 
Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dilnmick, Duel), Dunn, Edgerton, 
Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Farnsworth, Penton, 
Edwards, 
Ferry, Foster, Frank, French, Gihner, Gooeh, Crow, Gur- 
Icy, Hale, Hall, Haskin, Hick-:nan, Iloard, Hol- 
man, VVillimn 
Iloward, WV illiarn A. Howard, 
Hughes, 
Ilnrnphrcy, II utchins, Irvine, Junkin,Francis W. Keilogg, 
Willitun Kelloøg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Larrabee, I)eWitt C. 
Leach, Logan, Longnccker, Looniis, Lovejoy, Maclay, 
Marston, Charles l). Martin, McClernand, McKean, Mc- 
K cnty, McKnight. Me Phorson, Mill ward, Mou tgo:uery, 
Fad Jov Morris, 
Moorhead, Morrilt, 
Morse, Nixon, 
Olin, Pahncr, Perry, 
Pottle, Edwin R. Rey- 
nolds, Rice, Riøeys 
Christopher Robinson, Jiuue.s C. Rob- 
Royce Sedgwick, Shcnnan, Sickles, Spaulding, 
Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Willizun Stewart, Stratton, 
'I'heaker, 'l'o•n 
rrappan, 'I'hayer, 
IS, 'I'rain, 
Vandever, Wade, Waldron, 'Valton, 
adwalader(}. Wash- 
burn; B. Wasilbut•ne, Webster, Wells, Wilson, Win. 
don), and Wood—124. 
NAYS—Mcssrs. Tho:nas L. Anderson, Avery, Barks- 
dale, Barret, Bocoek, Bouligny, n ranch, Brown, Burch, 
Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, J;unes Craig, Craw- 
ford, De Jarnette, Florence, Garnett, Gartrell, Hatnilton, 
Harde:nan, John Harris, Ilatton, Hawkins, 
Hill, 
ton, Jones, Kunkel, Landrutn,• jmnes M. Leach, Love, 
Mallory, S. Martin, Maynard, McRae, Sydenharn 
Moore, Niblae,k, Pendleton, Peyton, Pryor, Quarles, Itea- 
gan, Rust, Scott, Simms, Singleton, Williatn N. H. Smith, 
Stevenson, Stokes, fl'aylor, Vallandigham, Varice, and 
Wright—53. 
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) •the 
rules were sttspended, and the resolution was 
brought before the House. 
During the vote 
Mr. I-I UGHES ('.yhen his name was called) 
said: As I desiro to see a fair and square vote on 
every proposition' similar to the one nos.,v before 
the House, I vote ay." 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, (when his 
name was called,) said: I do not desire to give 
any vote now or hereafter that will tend to in- 
crease the excitement in the public mind already 
so intensified. I do not wish to trive any vote of 
commendation to Mr. Anderson 0k' Mr. Buchanan 
in connection with the existing momentous issue 
of union or disunion. I would, above all things, 
like to give a complimentary vote to any man or 
set of Inen who n-nght be able to induce Congress 
t.o adopt some measures to save the Constitution 
and the Union. 
Mr. McKEAN. A few more men like Major 
Anderson would quickly settle it. [Loud calls 
to " Order ! ' ' 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM (when his name was 
called) said: I voted for peace and adjustment a 
moment ago: you refused it. 
I vote now against 
force. No." 
Mr. BURCH (when his name was called) said: 
I am not in favor of an abandonment of the Gov- 
ernment property anywhere. But, believing that 
the resolution is introduced in no good spirit, and 
without a desire to compromisé the.difliculties, 
I Vote " no." 
Mr. BRAYTON announced that Mr. LEE' was 
absent from the House on account of sickness. 
Mr. HINDMANj not being within the 
when his name was called, asked leave to vote. 
Objection was made. 
Mr. HINDMAN. I would say to the gentle- 
man objecting that perhaps I might vote with him 
on this question to the extent of suspending the 
I, should vote in favor of suspending the 
rules. 
rules in order to bring up the question at once; 
and to ascertain whether Mr. Buchanan deserves 
the- damnation of such a compliment. I want to 
know if he has approved himself a traitor to every 
principle and to every pledge, both public and 
private. . [Loud calls to " Order!" ] 
Mr. HILL (when his name was called) said: I 
desire to make one remark. 
It is well known 
that I am an advocate for peace 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 object to debate. 
Mr. HILL. I shall erigage in no debate; but 
it is with infinite pain that I have scen this reso- 
lution presented to the House. 
It is not, in my 
judgment a peace offering, and it is calculated to 
do nothing but harm. 
Mr. LÖVEJOY. 1 insist. that the rule shall be 
enforced . 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor- 
('ia will understand that no debate is in order. 
Mr. HILL. 1 have no objection to Mr. An- 
derson's course being approved; but this resolu- 
tion introduced here to-day does nothing but harm 
in this House, and in the country. 
The vote, was announced as above recorded. 
Mr. A DRAIN. I call for the previous ques- 
tion on the adoption of the resolution. 
Mr. REAGAN. I ask leavetosabmitanamend- 
ment to the resolution. [Cries of" Object!" 
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 move that the House 
do now adjourn. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 demand the yeas and 
nays on the adjournmcnt. 
The yens and nays were not ordered. 
The call for the previous question was sec- 
onded. 
MI'. BOCOCK. I move that the resolution be 
laid n pon the table. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. to the gentleman 
from Virginia to withdraw his motion to lay upon 
the table: 
It cannot be carried. Let us have a 
vote on the resolution, and let us understand ex- 
actly where we are. 
Mr. BOCOCK. Let the gentleman vote down 
In y motion, if' he does not approve of it. 
I wrant 
to show to the country that I, for onc, am anxious 
to quench this firebrand introduced into this House 
this da 
Mr. [OVEJOY. And I am anxious, for one, 
to let the country see that we are ready and win- 
ing to sustain the Government. 
Mr. HATTON. I demand the yeas and nays 
on the motion to lay upon the table. 
The yeas Zind nays were not ordered. 
The main question was then ordered to be put. 
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. 
I demand 
the yeas and nays on the adoption of the resolu- 
tion. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. 
Is not the 
resolution divisible? 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will indicate 
what division of the resolution he proposes, and 
the Chair will decide the question. 
Mr. HILL. think that the resolution is 
divisible. 
Mr. LEACH, ofNorth Carolina. It is,l think, 
susceptible of division. First, we can vote on the 
first part of the resolution in reference to Major 
Anderson, and then on the portion in reference 
to the President. 
Several MEMBERS. Read the resolution. 
The resolution was again read. 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina.• withdraw 
my demand for a division of the question. 
Mr. RUST. I want to make an inquiry of the 
Chair. Can I propound an interrogatory to the 
gentleman from New Jersey? 
Several MEMBERS. Debate is not in order. 
•Mr. RUST. I merely want to make an in- 
quiry. [Cries of Call the roll!" ] 'I have the 
right to ask the Chair a question. (Cries of 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order, during 
the call of the roil. 
Mr. RUST. I insist that I have a right to pro- 
pound an interrogatory to the gentlernan from 
New Jersey, in reference to his resolution. [Cries 
