1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
283 
Union, and the future welfare and prosperity of 
the people of the United States. I will not ask 
that it be read, because it is not customary to do 
so, although my obligations to the source from 
which it comes •might justify such an application; 
but I ask, in consideration of the importance of 
the subject, and the character of the memorialists, 
that this paper also be printed. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will 
likewise go to the Committee on Printing. 
Mr. SEWARD. While 1 am up, 1 desire to 
ask the Senate t.o be good enough to assign to me 
a day, or part ofa day, upon which I can express 
my views upon the øreat question of the times; 
and I will take such a day as the Senate shall find 
it convenient to award to me. If they will indulge 
me with appoi.ntincr a day, as I understand that 
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. HUNTER] pro- 
poses to address the Senate on Friday, not to in- 
terfere •with him, I will ask, if there is no objec- 
tion, that the Senate will hear me on Saturday of 
this week. 
The VIOE PRESIDENT. What is the Sen. 
ator'B motion? 
Several SENATORS.. It is a suggestion. 
Mr. SEWARD. understood, 
very well. 
Mr. HUNTER. In connection with this sub- 
ject, I would ask that the resolution I introduced 
some timc since be made the special order at one 
o'clock on Vriday, in order that I may have an 
presenting my views to the Senate 
then on thc estion of the day. ask that all 
ostponed, with a view of making 
other orders 
that resolution he special order for Friday next. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. What resolution 
Mr. HUNTER The resolution 1 in 
regard to the forts and arsenals. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Virginia moves that his resolution. be made the 
special order for Friday next. 
I think it 
SEWARD. 1 accede to that. 
is proper also that I should submit the subject on 
which I will address the Senate. I beg leave to 
say that it will be upon the President's message, 
which•will come up to-day; and I ask that may 
be heard on Saturday upon that message at one 
o 'clock. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. motion before 
the Senate is to make the resolution offered by the 
Senator from Virginia some time since, the spe- 
Cial order for Friday next at one o'clock. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. SEWARD. Now 1 desire to have the 
message from the President read. 
The VICE PRESIDENT; The Senatorfrom 
New York asks for the reading of the message 
from the President. 
Mr. SLIDELL. Let us get through the busi- 
ness of the morning hour. 
Mr. BIGLER. I hopc the Senator will with- 
drat.v that motion for the present. 
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw it for the present, 
for morning business. 
PETITIONS AND MEM9RIALS. 
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of im- 
portcrs of hard ware at praying 
that the tariff bili now before the Senate may not 
be passed without certain modifications; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
He also presented a memorial of importers of 
hardware at Boston, Massachusetts, praying that 
the tariff' bill now before the Senate may not be 
passed without certain modifications; which was 
ordered to lie on the tgble. 
Mr. BROWN. I have bccn requested to pre- 
sent the petition of W. C. Jewett, of Pike 's Peak, 
praying for a reconstruction of the Government 
and a change of the entire representation in Con- 
gress. As there is no comrmttee to whom it can 
properly be referred, I move that it lie on the 
table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of G. 
H. Hollister, and others, citizens of Rockton, Illi- 
nois;and a petition of S. Colcord, and others, cit- 
izensofGreenville,Illinois,severallyprayingCon- • 
gress to aid the People 's Pacific R.aih•oad Compan y 
by a liberai donation of the public lands, and such 
other assistance as a wise and just *policy may 
suggest; which were ordered to lie Oh the table. 
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of Philip 
Hoffman, {nd others, citizens of Bucks counfy, 
Pennsylvania, who served in the volunteers of 
Pennsylvania in the war of 1812 with Great Brit- 
ain, praying the Senate to take into consideration 
the pension bill as passed by tbe House of Rep- 
resentatives for the relief of the soldiers of that 
war; which was refer*ed to the Committee on 
Pensions. 
Mr. BIGLER. I have the honor to present to 
the Senate this morning sixty-five memorials, 
numerously signed by highly intelligent and •re- 
spectable citizens of the State of Pennsylvania, 
composed of men of all parties—Democrats, Re- 
publicans, and Americans—asking Congress to 
pass the resolu tions submitted by the Senator from 
Kentucky, [Mr. CRITTENDEN,] as amendments to 
the Constitution, for •the ratification of the States; 
and I move that the memorials lie on the table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 present the memorial of 
the representatives of the Choctaw Nation of ln- 
dians, in general council assembled, stating the 
destitute condition in which these,people are now, 
and asking certain relief at the hands og Congress 
by providing for the. payment of existing debts 
due them. 1 move that the memorial be referred 
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and be 
printed. 
The memorial was referred to the Committee 
on Indian Affairs; and *'the motion to print was 
referred to the Committee on Printing. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of the 
heirs of Ludovicus Belding, praying for the issue 
ofa patent on the entry made by them under the 
preemption act of May 29, 1830, of the southwest 
quarter, section thirty-three, township two south, 
rano•e nineteen west, in the Washington land dis- 
trict, in the State of Arkansas; which, with the 
accompanying papers, was referred to the Com- 
mittee on Private Land Claims. 
He also presented papers in relation to the claims 
of the heirs of persons killed at the Mountain 
Meadows, in Utah Territory, for property lost; 
which was referred to the Committee on Indian 
Affairs. 
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED. 
On motion of Mr. G WIN, it was 
Ordered, 'I'hat the petition of William Richmond, on the 
files of the Scnate,• be referred to the Committee on Pen- 
sions. 
Mr. LATHAM. A resolution of the Legisla- 
ture of California was presented by one of the 
representatives of my State, praying the cession 
by the General Government to that State of a cer- 
tain tract of land, known as the Colorado desert. 
I ask leave to withdraw those papers, in order that 
I may have them referred to the proper commit- 
tee in the House of Representatives, which now 
has the subiect under consideration. 
Leave was granted. 
BILL INTRODUCED. 
Mr. YULEE asked, and by unanimous con- 
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 
532) to facilitate the. peaceful adjustment of con- 
troversics bctween the States of the Union; which 
was read twice by its title, and ordered to be 
printed. 
. REPORTS FROM A COMMITTEE. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on 
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the memo- 
rial of John Beeson, asking the immediate atten- 
tion of Congress to the report of the Indian com- 
missioner, which afirms that in consequence of 
the drouth last summer, and the consequent fail- 
ure of crops, many of the Indians will perish by 
famine unless aided by Government.; also praying i 
that no more territorial governments may be or- 
ganized until the Indians are sat"ctorily pro- 
vided for with homes adapted to their transition 
state, asked to be discharged from its further con- 
sideration; which was agreed t.o: 
He also, 'from the same committee, to whom 
was referred the bill (S. No. 526) for the payment 
of expenses incurred in the suppression of Indian 
hostilities in the State of Califorma, asked to be 
discharged from its further consideration, and 
that it be referred to the Committee on Military 
Affairs and Militia; which was agreed to. 
SECRETARY OF WAR. 
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 offer the following resolu- 
i tion, and ask ft.)? its present consideration: 
Senate-whether John B Flöyd, whoeegppgintment,ag.. Sec.:. 
retary of Wir was Confirmed by' Ithe Senate On:' thé 6th 'Of 
March, 1857, stilt continues toch61•d' Said-BGee*' :iifid ifbåt, 
when an_d how said•mce bécame vacant. A-nå 
inform the Senate how and whom,'the duties•É0f-Éaid 
office are now discharged; aid,.lfl an appointment pf-ahaet- 
ing or 6rovisional Sebretåry of War-has been' 
when, and by what authority it was so made' 
fact of, said appointment has not been communicated to 
the Senate. 
Mr. TRUMBULL to the consideration 
• of the resolutiön; and it lies Over, under the i•ule. 
MAINTENANCE OF CONSTITUTION. 
Mr. CLARK. 1 offer the following resolutions, 
and ask that they may be printed-; and I' give 
notice, that when the resolutions of the Senator 
from Kentucky, [Mr. CRITTENDEN,] which were 
under consideration on Monday, shall ceme up, 
I will move these as an amendment to those res- 
olution.s: 
Resolved, That the provisions of the Constitution are 
ample for the preservation of the Union, and. the protection 
of all the material interests Of the couptry ; that it needs 
to be obeyed rather than amended ; and that an-extrication 
from- the present dangers is to be-looked for. in Strenuous 
emrts to preserve the peace, protect the -property, 
and enforce the laws, rather than in néwguarantees for par- 
ticular interests, compromises for particular dificulties,--or 
concessions to unreasonable demands. 
Resolved, That all attempts, to dissolve the present Union, 
or overthrow or abandon the present Constitution, with the 
hope or expectation of constructing a new' one, are danger- 
ous, illusory, and destructive; that, in the opinion of. the 
Senate of the United States, no such reconstruction is 
practicable, and therefore, to the maintenance of the ex- 
isting Union and Constitution should be directed all the 
energies ot all the departments of the Government, and the 
efforts of ali good citizens. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator 
move the printing of his resolutions ? 
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir. 
The motion was agreed to. 
PRIVATE BILLS, 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 offer the following resolu- 
tion, and ask for its present consideration: 
Resolved,' That for the residue of the present session, 
after the present week, Friday of each week shall be set 
apart for the consideration of private bills in the order in 
which they stand on the Calendar. 
Mr. GWIN , Mr. CLARK, and others objected, 
to its consideration; and the resolution lies over, 
under the rule. 
RICHARD O. MARTIN. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian 
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 
693) for the relief of Richard C. Martin, have 
instructed me to report it back, and recommend 
its passage. 
Mr. POLK. I ask for the present considera- 
tion of the bill reported from the Committee on 
Indian Affairs by the chairman, thé Senator from 
Arkansas. It IS a bill which passed the House 
of Representatives at the last session. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as 
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con- 
sider the bill; which provides for thq payment of 
1,050, in full of a lost draft drawn by G. W. 
arbour, formerly Indi.n commissioner tin Cali- 
fornia, on Riddick McKee, disbursing agent, in 
favor of Thomas W. Lane, for beeves furnished 
to the Governmen!; which d!ßft was acceited by 
McKee, and afterwards tranéTerred and delivered 
to Martin. 
The bill was reported to the Senate without 
amendment. 
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FITZPAT- 
RICK in the chair.) There is a report. 
Mr. KING. Let it be read. 
Mr. POLK. 1 will state to the Senator from 
New York that the bili is one that follows the 
precedent in the Frémont case, which was dis- 
cussed before the Senate and passed upon. 
stronger, I am told by the chairman of the Com- 
mittee on Indian Affairs, thanéhat. 
Mr. KING. Read the report. 
The Secrctarye read thc report made by Mr. 
ETHERIDGE in the House of Representatives, from 
which it appeared, that in the year 1851, Thomas 
W. Lane furnished beef cattle to Barbour for the 
use of the Indians in California, who were then 
i threatening hostilities on account of their starvfr)g 
condition, and received from Barbour his draft on 
the. then disbursing agent of the United States, 
Ridick McKee, for $1,050, which draft was duly 
presented for payment, but. was not pqid, because 
the appropriation for the purpose of rhaintaining 
I ReSotöed, That the President be requested to inform the 
