284 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 9, 
peace with the Indians in California was exhaust- 
ed.. Subsequently, Lane assigned, by indorse- 
ment, the draft to the petitioner for the sum of 
$-1;050; its full amoånt and value. At the first 
session of the Thirty-Fifth CongreSs, the peti- 
tioner presented his petition—and filed the draft 
with the Congress of the United States, 
which, together with the draft, was lost or mis- 
laid, without his negligence or fault. At the sec- 
ond session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, he pre- 
senled his petition, setting forth the facts, and 
the loss of •x'the papers filed at the first 
session, and the Committee on Indian Affairs 
unanimously authorized a report in favor of the 
petitioner; but owing to the want of time, by 
reason of the expiration of the session, the report 
was not made, and the papers in the case were 
lost or mislaid, and cannot now be found. 'The 
committee are satisfied of tho authority of Bar- 
bour to draw the draft, and of the legality and 
genuineness of the assignment to Martin, and 
that the draft has never been paid; therefore they 
reported the bill, and, in consideration of the pc- 
culiar circumstances attending the claim, recom- 
mended that it bb passed at the earliest possible 
. day. 
The bill was ordeéed to a third reading, read 
the third time, and passed. 
MILITARY ROADS IN NEW MEXICO. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 ask now for the of 
the President's messare. 
Mr. LANE. I wish to get the ear of the Sen- 
I shall be very much 
ator from New York. 
obliged to him if he will permit the reading of the 
message to go over for a few mornents, until v,ze 
can tæke up a House bill which was passed by 
that body at the last session, and was referred to 
the Committee on Military Afl•airs; and which 
will not take a minute. I will give the reason 
Mr. SEWARD. No about the reason. 
I will waive it, of course, for the accommodation 
of the Senator. 
Mr. LANE. Then, Mr. President, 1 to 
take up the bill, and will give the Senate the rea- 
son why it ought to corne up now. 
mind the retison.' 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. 
RICK in the chair.) It beccnnes tho duly of' the i 
Chair to announce the messagro, as called for by 
the Senator from New York, unicss the Senate i 
sees fit to postpone it. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 withdraw my for a 
moment. 
Mr. LANE. Now 1 move to 
bill of last session, providing for military roads I 
in New Mexico. 
The motion was at-need to; and tbc Senate, as 
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con- 
sider the bill (H. R. No. 200) to provide for the 
completion of the military road from Fort Union 
to Santa Fé, New Mexico, which proposes to ap- 
propriate $35,000 for the, completion of the mili- 
tar road frorn Fort Union to Sat) FF. 
" 'hc Committee on Military A {Fairs and Militia 
reported an amendment, to add to the bill: 
And for the cmnplct.ion of the in ilitary road fro:n 'Taos to 
Santa Fé, in New Mexico, 
The amendrnent was agreed to; and the bill was 
reported to the Senate, as amended, and the amend- 
ment was in, and ordered to be en- 
crrossed, and the bill to bc read a third time. The 
till was read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the pa*sage of the bill. 
Mr: EIALE. I wish solne one would cxplaill 
the character of the bill, the necessity of it, and 
the amount required . 
Mr. LANE. This bill was reported in the 
House of Representatives, and passed on a recom- 
mendation from the War Department, I believe, 
showing the necessity of opening communication 
between these posts m Nevv' Mexico, that trans- 
portation might be carried at a much cheaper rate 
than it can -be at present. After it passed the 
House of Representatives, it was referred to the 
Committee on Military Affairs in the Senate; and 
upon a careful examination of the reports and of 
the opinions of the commnndi•ng offcers in New 
Mexico, they agreed to an amendment incrpasincr 
the, amount above that provided for by the House 
for one road, and insertimr anothér. 'The Sena- 
tor from New York [Mr. IftNG] will recollect it. 
'I'he committee reported it to the Senate with a 
recommendation that it pass, uponthe conviction 
that it was necessary for the service. In New 
Mexico, the Senator from New Hampshire 
knows, military posts have to be kept up, and 
they are kept up at a very high expense, for trans- 
portation is diffcult. This bill will open commu- 
nication that will save to the Government directly 
very many thousands of dollars ab6ve the small 
amount now provided for making these roads. 
Mr. KING. My opinion is that this bill had 
better lic over. 
Mr.*SEWARD. I hope, then, the Senator will 
let it lie over, and let us take up the message. 
Mr. LANE. I desire to state the reason why 
it should pass morning. This day is set 
apart, I belicvc, by the House of Representatives 
for the consideration of territorial business. This 
If it pass 
ig a House bill with an amendment. 
this morning, and can go to the House within the 
day that territorial business is considered, the 
amendment will be concurred in, and in all human 
probability, the bill will become a law; but if it 
fails to pass this morning, it will be impossible to 
get up territorial business again durinæ this session 
in the other House, and it will be the death of the 
I trust no Senator will object to action upon 
it now. •Lct us have a vote on it, and if it does 
not pass, there is an end to it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the passage of the bill. 
The bill was passed—ayes twenty-five, noes 
not counted. 
The title of the bill was amended so asto read: 
" An act to provide for the completion of the mil- 
itary roads prom.Fort Union to Santa Fé, and from 
Taos to Santa Fé, in New Mexico. 
MESSAGE ON STATE OF THE UNION. 
Mr. MASON. I offered a resolution on Sat- 
urday, calling for information from the Secretary 
of War, which was laid over for consideration. 1 
ask that it may now bc taken up. It is to obtain 
information which think will be interesting to 
thc country at this mornent; certainly intcrestino• ' 
to those whom I represent. 
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator from Virginia 
Will permit us to hear thc message of the Presi- 
dent. We have been waiting here near an hour 
for it; but instead of taking It up, we have gone 
on with a great many other things. 
I'vlr. MASON. I understand that my motion 
It it has, I move that thc resolu- 
has precedence. 
tion bc taken up, so that we can have a vote on it. 
{UT. SEWARD. rthink,sir, with great defer- 
ence to the honorable Senator from Virginia, that 
tbc President's inessacre is in order if its reading 
is called for by qny member. 
It has only been 
suspended irregularly, and by unanimous consent. 
'The PRESIDING ORFICER, (Mr. 
RICK.) The Chair so understands it. 
Mr. SEWARD. Then 1 ask for reading 
Mr. MASON. 1 will yield most cheerfully to 
whatever are the rules of the Senate; but respect• 
fully suggest to the Chair that the usage always 
has been, when a messa«e comes in from the 
President, to lay it upon the table informally, un- 
less the reading is called for itnmcdiately. I pre- 
same it cannot be allowed to interrupt other busi- 
ness, and I suppose any motion to takc up any 
other business of the Senate would take prece- 
I submit it, however. 
dence. 
Mr. SEWARD. was only informally laid 
aside. 
Mr. GREEN. a motion is made, it is 
not in order to call for the reading of the Presi- 
dent's messa•c; but when there is no motion 
pendino•, it is in order; but the Senator from Vir- 
ginia rnade a motion, it was then a pend- 
incr motion, and the Senate must first act upon it 
before it can act upon anything elsc. 
Mr. SEWARD. Everythihkhas on here 
this morning, as Italways docs and al ways ought to 
I called for the read- 
do, by unanimous consent. 
ing of the message, and by unanimous consent 
the reading was suspended for a particular pur- 
pose, and then for another—all by unanimous con- 
sent; but the call, according to thc common un- 
derstanding and practice of the Senate, remains 
good at any tin')e•, and therefore beg leave to ask 
now for the reading of the message. 
want to 
may be the judgment of the Chair; but if my mo- 
tion to take up the resolution has precedence, 
under the rules of the Senate, I ask that it be taken 
up, or that a vote be taken as to whether it shall 
be taken up or not. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The. Chair 
state to the Senator from Virginia, that the call 
for the reading of the message .was made at an 
early stage of the morning business; but, by com- 
mon consent, the Senator from New York waived 
his call; and he had the right to resume it, and 
make the call whenever he saw proper, owing to 
the informal manner in which business has been 
transacted this morning, The Chair regards the 
call now as strictly in order; and will lay before 
the Senate the communication from the President 
of the (Tnited States. 
The Secretary read the message of the Presi- 
dent of the United States. 
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the message lie 
on the table, and be printed. 
Mr. DAVIS. I call for the reading of the ac- 
companying papers, to which reference is made 
in the President's message. 
The Secretary reåd the communication of 
Messrs. Barnwell, Adams, and Orr, to the Presi- 
den t, dated December 28, 1860, and the President's 
response, (lated December 30, 1860. 
Mr. DAVIS. Are thosc all the papers which 
accompany the communication ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. e Chair un- 
derstands that those are all, except he ordinance 
of the State of. South Carolina, a the commis- 
Sion of the commissioners. 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, t a verv recent 
period, the country looked with anxious solici- 
tude to the condition of South Carolina, and Qar- 
ticularly the port of Charleston, apprehending 
collision between the United States and one of 
the States. That solicitude was intensified by the 
arrival of commissioners representing the sover. 
ci(rnty of the State, and offering by peaceful nego- 
tiation to adjust the. pending difficulties between 
South Carolina and the United States. 
character of those gendernen—one of them well 
known to those who servcd in the Senate many 
years acro—known, especially, for his Christian- 
lty, his urbanity, and his manliness in all the 
relations of life—gave. assurance that those neo-o- 
tiations might bc peaceable; gave reason to hope 
they might be successful. They were suddenly 
terminated; and at once rumors went forth that, 
notwithstanding tht high character of that com- 
mission, they had .violatcd the proprieties of life; 
had insulted the President; the rumor was, had 
used hillings(ratc to him in their reply. The fact 
was known everywhere that the commissioners 
had retired from Washington, and that negotia- 
tions veere abruptly terrninated. The President, 
in his message, does not even allude to the cause 
of the failure of those negotiations thus attempted 
on.thc par.t of South Carolina. He does not even 
tell us that the commissioners are gone. He stops 
with the letter which he sent to them; and which, 
I must say, with all the respect due to the offce 
he holds, was wantin« in fairness, and was a per- 
version of the argmnents which they had pre- 
sented. When they replied to him, however, and 
exposed the unfairness with which he had treated 
their efforts at peaceful negotiation, the facts 
which they stated certainly being most uncom- 
fortablc to him—he returned their Ictter as one 
which he would not receive; and his communica- 
tion to Congress docs not even permit us to know 
that those commissioners cvcr attempted to reply 
to the position which he had taken. Though 
they told him they had made no demand; though 
they told him they had never said peaceful nego- 
tiation wras impossible, and thus corrected the 
misstatement of his paper to them, he sends that 
paper to the world, without even any reference to 
the fact that it ever was answered. I have an 
authenticated copy of their answer; and I send 
that to the Secretary's desk that it may be read. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, the Sénatm• from 
Mississippi talks of the high character of those 
gentlemen who canoe herc from South Carolina. 
I Benedict Arnold and Aaron Burr were men who 
at one time held high positions 
Mr. DAVIS. And the Senator once had a 
better position than he has now, when he is not 
debate the Senator's resolution somewhat, and I entitled to.the floor. 
Mr. KING. I call the gentleman to order, 
shall not have time this morning. 
Mr. MASON. I will acquiesce in whatever II He is out of order. 
