1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
Mr. DAVIS, Yöü are out of order, sir. 
1 
sent a paper. to be reacL 
Mr. KING. These were messengers of trea- 
son. 
Mr. DAVIS. I call the Senator from New 
York to order. 
Mr. BIGLERmld others. He is clearly out 
of order. 
1 
Mr. KING. I call the gentleman to order. 
object to the paper. 
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator has the meanness 
to object to the Clerk reading the paper, let him 
send it back to me, and II will read it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ifthe reading 
be objected to, the question must be put to the 
Senate; but the Senator himself can read it. 
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator has no right to 
object to tne reading of the paper, and I suppose 
will not. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is to be decided by the Senate, and without de- 
bate, whether the Clerk shall be permitted to read 
the communication sent up by the Senator from 
Mississippi. 
Mr. KING. I objected to its reception. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
is out of order. The question must be put and 
decided without debate. 
Mr. KING. I objected to the reception of the 
paper, and not to its reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
understands that. 
Mr. KING. If the paper is offered to the Sen- 
ate, I object to its reception. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not understand that the 
paper is offered to the Senate; but it is proposed 
to be rcad as a part of the Senator's speech. 
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am addressing the Senate; 1 
have the floor, and I have the right to read the 
If the Senator chooses to object to the 
paper. 
Clerk reading it, I can get it read very easily other- 
wise. 
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Secretary will read the 
rule, it will be seen that it makes it a very clear 
case. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is for the 
Senate to decide. The question is on allowing 
the paper to be read by the Clerk. 
The question •vvas put; and it was announced 
that the motion appeared to be agreed to. 
Mr. KING. • 1 call for the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were' ordered. 
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, 1 hope that the 
Senator fr6m New Y ot•k— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Pennsylvania Will pause, and allow the Chair 
to state the question. Those who are in favor of 
ordering the paper to be read will, when their 
names are called, say yea; those opposed to it will 
Mr. BIGLER. None whatever. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If not, then are pro- 
ceeding under a rulc that does not apply to this 
paper. As I understand, that rule applies to a 
paper Which is in the posscssion of the Senate, 
and has been presented—a petition or any paper 
that may be communicated to the Senate—but it 
does not apply in this case. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Mississippi sent the up and called for 
its reading. It is competent, therefore, for the 
Senate to decide whether it shall be read or not, 
Mr. BIGLER. That rule has clearly no apa 
If the Senator from Mis- 
plication to this case. 
sissippi had read the paper himself, no Senator 
Insteåd of reading it 
could have objected to it. 
himself, he simply asks that the clerk read it; that 
It is not a proposition to receive a paper, 
Mr. COCLLthPü{ORthe Senate. 
The particular form in 
which this question arises, induces me to ask the 
I would ask the 
Chair one or two questions: 
Chair whether the reading of that paper by the 
Clerk, at the request of the Senator from Missis- 
sippi, makes it any part of the muniments of the 
Senate; and does the paper, by being read here, 
belong to the papers of the Senate ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un- 
derstands it is to be read as a portion of the Sen- 
ator's s eech. 
Mr. 80LLAMER. Then it forms no part of 
the papers of the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Then Obiect to a 
tion being made as to its being read to the Senate; 
because that will make it a matter of vote, and 
make the paper a part of the proceedings of the 
It is a mere question of courtesy 
Senate •itself. 
whether it shall be read at the request ofa Senator. 
I had 
Mr. DAVIS. It is very simple thing. 
the paper in my hand, and sent it up to be read, 
and took it for granted that nobody would object 
to the readinT of it in that way. If' gentlemen 
make a question on that, I have no objection to 
meet that question. 
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to object to this 
mode of taking a vote on reading a pnvate paper 
which a gentleman sends up to be read as part of 
his own remarks. 
Mr. DAVIS. The Senatoris right. The Sena- 
tor from New York is making this a part of the 
proceedings of the Senate; and I have no objec- 
tion to testing that, question. 
Mr. COLLAMER. lobject to the question I 
being put in this way. This is not the kind of 
paper that comes within that rule at all. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All this debate 
is out of order. This question must be determined 
without debate. The Secretary will call the roll. 
I Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 appeal from the 
say nay. 
ion of the Chair that this is a question to be de- 
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to suggest to the Sen- 
ator from New York not to resist, by this extraor- 
dinary motion, the right to read the paper as 
part of the remarks which the Senator is about 
to submit. Such a proposition, I think, was never 
It is the clear right of the 
made. before here. 
Senator to read the paper himself, or have it read 
at the desk. Sir, it is extraordinary that the Sen- 
Mr. KING. The •Senator from Missigsippi 
has a right to read the paper, I suppose, as part 
I supposed, when he presented 
of his speech. 
it, that he wished to present it to the Senate. I do 
not want to hear it read. I maintain my objection. 
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator is not obliged to 
listen to it. • The Senate do not, by hearing the 
paper read, indorse its sentiments or its conclu- 
sions. The Senator from New York is not re- 
sponsible for it. Hc only allows a rule which 
has been firacticed from the beginning of the Gov- 
eroment; and I trust he will withdraw his objec- 
tion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
will state that this dcbate is out of order. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to hear the 
ruie read in regard to tho readin(' of papers. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER? The Secretary 
will read the rule. 
The Secretary read the rule, as follows: 
14. When the reading ofa paper is called for, and the 
satne is objected to by any member, it shall be determined 
by a vote of the Senate, and without debate." 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like_ to inquire 
if that rule has any application to this paper? 
cided by the Senate; and on that appeal I •takc it 
I can make a few remarks, if not upon tl-ie other 
question. The Chair, in my judgment; misap- 
prehends (and I speak it respectfully) the rule. 
The rule that has been read has no application to I 
It applies to a paper 
a paper of this character. 
in the possession of the Senate, This is not a 
paper (and so the Senator from Mississippi has 
stated) in the possession of the Senatc at all. It 
is a private paper in-the possession of the Senator 
from Mississippi ; not onc in the possession of the 
Senate. He might have asked a brother Senator 
sitting near him to read it, and such things have 
been frequently done; but now, he having re- 
quested the Clerk to rcad it, it w•as scnt up, and 
the Presiding Offcer is applying to it a rule that 
is not applicable to a paper of this kind, 
Mr. DAVIS I call the Senator to order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
fror-n Mississippi raises a point of order. He will 
state his point of order. 
Mr. DAVIS. The point of order is, that the 
Chair, having submitted a question to the Senate 
which is not debatable, and ordered the yeas and 
nays to be called, a Senator rises to make an 
It cannot 
appeal, and to speak upon his appeal. 
be in order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is 
doing.' také ap eny -time aböüt 
it, I merely submit thegpropositioh to 'the? Senate 
that this rule is not applicable.to this casé;- and 
therefore appeal, from' the decision of the: Chaiv, 
which holds that this is a paper ori- the reading 
of which a vote can be taken underthat rule, 
Mr. MASON.. Mr., President, it. me 
the question stands before the Senate in this-way: 
the Senator from Mississippi sent a paper to-the 
desk and asked that it be read, declaring what 
paper. it Was—indicating its character. TheSen• 
ator from -New York objected to its being read. 
The Chair decided that thé•Senatorfröm Missis• 
sippi was entitled to have it it was 
prohibited-by-a vote of the Senate; or, in other 
words, that If a member called for the readifig- of 
a paper, and it was objected to, then it should be 
decided by a vote of thé Senate. A Senator asked 
for the reading of the rule, and.the rule was rea&. 
Then the Senator from New York renewed •his 
objection and demanded a vote; and another Sen- 
ator called for the yeas and nays; and' the yeas 
and nays were ordered upon that vote. There is 
now, therefore, the order of the Senate that the 
yeas and nays be taken upon the" vote; aridan 
appeal from the judgment of the Chair comes too 
late, in 11) y appiehension, if there be an error in 
it, which I am not prepared to admit or deny. 
It can only be done In Some mode by getting rld• 
of the order of the Senate directing the pgper to 
be read. That is my view. The rule of the Sen- 
ate is that, where a member asks—6' demands," 
I think, is the language—that the pending vote 
shall be taken by yeas and nays, it may be done 
by one fifth of the Senators present. One fifth 
of the Senators present demanded the yeas and 
nays, and the Chair so decided; and that is the 
order of the Senate. 
Several SENATORS. That is a mistake, 
Mr. MASON. 1 beg pardon. That is my 
recollection. 
Mr. HALE. I simply wish to state, sir, what 
will govern my vote on this case. I apprehend 
that there is a mistake about it; but still, inas- 
much as the question is raised by an objection, I 
sce no other way to get rid of it than by the Sen- 
ate voting upon it. I have not the slightest doubt 
on earth that it was competent for the Senator 
from Mississippi to read that paper, or io ask any 
Senator that sat near him to read it, or to ask the 
Clerk to read it, and be -within the common and 
ordinary practice of the Senate. apprehend that 
the more orderly way to settle it, if the Chair had 
taken time to déiiberate, would have been, when 
an objection was made, to overrule it, and to have 
ordered the paper to be read inasmuch as that 
was not done, and objection has been taken, it 
seems to mc therc is no other way to decide it bute 
I by a vote of tho Senate; and I shall voté to have 
it read. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairwill 
state to the Senator from lilinois that he misap- 
prehends the Chair. He has not determined this 
paper to be a paper in the possession of tbe Sén- 
ate. The Senator from Mississippi calls for the 
reading ofa paper. !llhe Senator from New York 
It is compe- 
objects to the reading of thc paper. 
tent for the Senate to determine whether the paper 
shall bc read; and if so, to determine it without 
debate; and hence,'the Senalor has nothing upon 
which to predicate an appeal. The whole ques- 
tion now is referred to the Senate; and that is, 
whether they will have the paper read; and it 
must be decided without debate. 
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President-— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
is out of order. 
Mr. CAMERON. Then I. sit down. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. certainlyhave a right to 
appeal from the decision of the Chair, that we 
cannot debate this question. The Chair decides 
that the Senator from Pennsylvania is out oforder. 
Now, I think he is clearly In order. Cannot that 
question be raised somehow ? If this paper is not 
such a one as I think the rule applies to—I think 
the rule does not apply to it—may I not raise 
that question in some shape? 
ThePRESlDING OFFICER.The Chair 
say to the Senator, that the Senator from Mis- 
sissippi sends up a paper to be read-; it is objected 
under the impression that where a Senator appeals 
to; and under the rule, whenever-the reading of 
from the decision of the Chair, it is competent for 
him to state his reasons why he dissents from the a paper is called for and -isobjected to, it is to be 
determined by thc Senate, and without deb9te. 
opinion of the Chair. • 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was what I designed li Hence the Chairdecidcsthat debateisnotin order. 
