1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Mr. KING. Certainly; whether it is a paper 
of the Senate or not. That is the question. 
Mr. WIGFALL. I wish to add a word, which 
I hope will be oil on the waters. I like harmony 
and peace. There seems, especially on this side 
of the Chamber, to be somer little feeling at what 
is called the most extraordinary course of the 
Senator from New York. Now, sir, these are 
extraordinary times in which we live; and we are 
acting under extraordinary circumstances. 
prehend that before this time never was there such 
an Administration, nor did such an Adminis tration 
ever intrust the keeping of its honor to such a 
party. The Senator from New York seems es- 
pecially apprehensive that this papér will be read ; 
and by way of inducing us not to read it, he al- 
ludes to Benedict Arnold and Aaron Burr. Neither 
of these distinguished individuals, •I believe, re- 
sided on our Side of the creek. Aaron Burr, if 
I correctly recollect his biography, was, if not a 
native, certainly an inhabitant and a citizen of 
New York. Benedict Arnold committed the act 
of treason also in that State. •When treason at- 
taches•to the name of Robert Barnwell, it will be 
that sort of treason which was shown by the 
armed barons at Runnymede; that kind of treason 
that exhibited itself in England in 1688; that sort 
of treason that showed its head in South Caro- 
lina in 1776. Trusting, sir, that these few remarks 
may produce the effect which they are intended— 
may produce peace and harmony and good feeling 
on both sides of the 
—I am 
ready to vote. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, 1 entertain 
the opinion that a misap*prehension still exists be- 
tween the Chair and the members of this body, 
in relation to the question before us. I understand 
that if this is to be considered a call for the read- 
ing of a paper within the rule, then, and in that 
case, the Chair rightly decided, when objection 
was made, to leave the question to the Senate. If, 
however, the reading of it was called for, not as 
a paper presented to the Senate to be referred to 
a committee, and to constitute apart of the papers 
and muniments of the Senate, but merely a part 
of the remarks of the gentleman, then and in that 
case, I take it, it does pot fall within this rule at all. 
I understand the Chair to say he has regarded 
this as a call for the reading of a paper within the 
rules. Now I take it that a call for the reading 
ofa paper within the rules is acall for some paper 
that we have, something that is in the cdurse of 
our proceedings, or it is a call for the reading of 
a paper on which some action is to be taken by 
the Senate, by referring it to acommittee,or doing 
something with the paper. Now, sir, under- 
stand that this paper IS not presented with either 
of these views; and in order to settle that ques- 
tion, I desire to know from the gentleman from 
Mississippi whether he asks for its reading, or 
sends the paper to the desk to be read, with any 
view to its constituting any part of the muniments 
and papers of this body, or simply as part of his 
remarks. I wish him to determine that himself. 
Mr. DAVIS. When I sent the paper to the 
Secretary's desk to be read, it was certainly as a 
part of my remarks; but the Senate, I suppose, 
considering it too valuable to be appropriated by 
one person,upon the objection of the Senator from 
New York have taken it to themselves. Now, I 
am perfectly willing that the Senate shall decide, 
as they would upon their own paper. 
If they do 
not keep it, it will be mine again. If they do keep 
it, I am content. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 wish to understand the 
gentleman aright. H presented this paper in the 
fii•st place, not as a paper for the action of the 
Senate at all, but merely a paper to be read in con- 
tinuance of the remarks he was making. 
Mr. DAVIS. Just as if I was reading it my- 
self; and, consequently, the very great surprise 
which felt at any one making an objection; and 
hence the offer of my friends around me to read 
it for me. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Then 1 undcrstand that 
the gentleman merely offered it as a part of his 
I understand the Senator from New 
remarks. 
York objected to that as a paper presented to 
constitute a part of the papers of the body. That 
was the ground of his objection. Then his ob- 
jection was grounded on an utter mistake, for the 
paper was not presented with any such view; its 
reading was not called for as a paper belonging 
all. His objection was founded. on -the ground 
that it was presented to be a part of the-proceed- 
ings of the Senate, on' which action was to be 
taken. This is an entire misapprehension, so it 
appears now; and that being so, I desire to ask 
the Chair whethcr he will still regard it as being 
a paper coming within the rule, instead of being 
a paper to be read as a part of the remarks otthe 
Senator from, Mississippi, as he says he wished 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
will state to the Sengte that he regards it as c@m- 
petent for the Senator from Mississippi to make 
it a part Of his speech if he sees proper. If, in- 
stead of doing that, he proposes to send the paper 
to the-Clerk's• table and have it read, he puts it 
in possession of the Senate; and it is for the Sen- 
ate to determine, and without debate, whether it 
shall be read or not. 
Mr. COLLAMER. the gentle. 
man now to say that he did not send it there with 
any such view. 
Mr. DAVIS. I did not send it there with that 
view; but the Senate has taken charge of it, and 
now I want the Senate to dispose of it. 
Mr. COLLAMER. It was not sent with any 
such view; and therefore the whole proceeding IS 
a mistake. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think it is very clear that 
when that paper was sent to the Clerk's desk to 
be read, it was done, according to universal usage 
in the Senate, to constitute simply a part of.the 
Senator's remarks. 'Ihe only point was, whether 
the Clerk should he permitted to perform an act 
of courtesy by reading it for the Senator, or 
whether the Senator should be• compelled to read 
it himself. I think it was competent for any one 
to object to the Clerk 's reading it, and compel the 
Senator to do his own reading, if the majority of 
the body see proper; and there might be cases 
where I would resort to that act even of discourt- 
esy; but such*a case would only be where a Sen- 
ator x.vas speaking against time for the purpose of 
preventing a vote, and sent up a book—a whole 
volume—for the Clerk to read, to keep him a day 
or two in reading it, to defeat the object of the 
Senate. Where a Senator sends a paper to be 
read to relieve himself, I think it is a very great 
discourtesy to interpose an objection ; •and for that 
reason I shall give no vote •that would seem to 
imply such a discourtesy as that to the Senator 
from Mississippi. 
I would be willing to deny it 
if it was used for the purpose of defeating the ac- 
tion of the Senate and worrying us out by requir- 
ing long books or journals to read not pertinent 
to the matter before the Senate. 
hope that the 
Senator will be permitted to go on •with his re- 
marks. He offered, when objection was made, 
to take the paper back and read it himself; and 
if the other side had permitted him to do so, sub- 
mitting to the discourtesy that it implied, we 
should have gone on and been through with the 
subject long ago. 
Mr. KING. I understood •the Senator from 
Mississippi to present this paper, as one which 
the President had omitted or refused to send to 
I approved of the President's act in 
the Senate. 
I un- 
declining to send this paper to the Senate. 
derstood the Senator from Mississippi to present 
the paper to the Senate to supply a defect in the 
communication from the President to the Senate. 
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow me, I 
stated to the Senate that it was an authenticated 
copy. 
Mr. KING. Certainly; and thc Senator pre- 
I objected to its recep- 
sented it to the Senate. 
I have not objected, neither 
tion by the Senate. 
does any person propose to object, to the freedom 
of debate here—to any Senator making such a 
I listened tb one the other 
speech as he chooses. 
day which I thought was very unsuited to the 
Senate Chamber of the United States, but without 
I objected to 
raising a word of objection to it. 
the reception of this paper because I regarded its 
reception by the Senate here as a rebuke to the 
President; and the Chair must have so ttnderstood 
it, or he never would have made the decision he 
has made, that it wus a question for the Senate to 
decide. The right of a Senator to speak here is 
a right that nobody questions; but the right to 
present a paper to the Senate, and to have it read 
to the Senate, without saying whether it is a part 
of his speech or not, is another matter. The ques- 
to the Senate, or ever to belong to the Senate at tion of courtesy of having R papers which isa part 
of his own- speech;reådt' by zitidthér;-iÄ a-difå*Crit 
question. .Büt this paper isFésénted to -'theSen• 
ate; and, as understand, that 
to. I have no objection to voting upon:it-.'i. I.have 
no disposition to debate it. I have •no doubt?that 
this whole question is one that everybody can; 
derstand and comprehend. 1 am unwilling imany 
manner to implythab I disapprove of tbd act offhe 
President in omitting- to•makecthis a. part Of'hiå 
communication. 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The question 
is: " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as' the 
judgment of the Senate 
Mr. KING. I understand the appeal to be 
withdrawn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques, 
tion is 
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; if the question 
is to be persisted in, I must insist that the•decis- 
ion of the Chair is incorrect. The rule •has. no 
application to a case of this kind. It -isa preee- 
dent which I, for orie, cannot permit to have•get 
here, that a majority of thisbody can deprive me 
of the right to read a paper; and -I -think that is 
the effect of it. 
ask for the yeas and nays on 
the appeal. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is: Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the 
judgment of the Senate 
Mr. KING. My vote will be governed' by the 
answer of the Chair to an inquiry which he will 
indulge me a moment in putting. I desire to know 
of the Chair whether he understood this paper to 
be one presented to the Senate by the Serutor 
from Mississippi? 
The PRESfDING OFFICER. The Chairun. 
derstood the Senator from Mississippi, in the first 
instance, as presenting it to be 
his argument; but, after obiection was made,-then 
he presented it as part of ihe proceedings of the 
Senate. That is what the C&ir understands. 
Mr. KING. Then it is a paper to be received 
by the Senate and acted ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. so the Chair 
understands.. 
Mr. KING. Then 1 am with the Chair. 
Mr. G WIN. Before the yeas and nays are 
taken, I wish to state that there is a special order 
for-two o'clock to-day; but, in order not to inter- 
rupt the Senator from Mississippi, when he shall 
be permitted to go on With his speech, I move 
that the Pacific railroad bill be made the special 
order for one o'clock to-morrow. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairwiil 
suppose that to be the consent of the Senate by 
common understanding, Unless objection be lmade. 
Mr. POLK. I will state to the Senator from 
California that I had intended, after thc Close of 
the remarks of the Senator from Massachusetts, 
[Mr. WILSON,] who had the floor, asl understood* 
for one o'clock to-day, to move to postpone the 
subject on which he had the floor until to-morrow 
at one o'clock, for the purpose of addressing the 
Senate, upon it. 
Mr. G WIN. • If my motion interferes with the 
Senator, I shall be prepared-to agree to. a further 
postponement. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair wili 
understand the motion of the Senator from Cali- 
fornia to be agreed to, unless objection be made. 
The question is: " Shall the decision of the Chair 
stand as the judgment of the Senate ?" on which 
the yeas and nays have been ordered. 
The question being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 31, nays 19; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bragg, Bright, Brown, Clay, 
Clingman, Davis, Douglas, Fitch, Green, Gwin, Hcmphili, 
Hunter, Iverson, Kennedy, Latham, Mallory, Mason, Nich- 
Olson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebas- 
tian, Seward, Slidell, Toombs, Wigfall, and Yulee—31. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham, 
Chancger, Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, 
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Sumner, 'I'en Eyck,Trumbull, Wade, 
Wilkinson, and Wilson—19. 
So the decision of the Chair was sustained. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. fhequestjon 
now is on the reading of the paper, on which the 
yeas and nays have been ordered, and the Secrd.- 
tary will call the roll. 
'I'he Secretary proceeded. to call the roll. 
AMr. BAKER (when his izame was called) said: 
Is the question on granting leave to read the 
paper? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, Yes, sire 
