THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON„ D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
by force what you have obtained through our mispk!ced con- 
fidence; and by refusing to disavow the action of Major 
Anderson, have converted his violation of orders into a le- 
giti:nate act of your executive authority. Be the issue what 
it may, of this we are assured, that it Fort Moultrie has 
been recorded in history as a memorial of Carolina gal- 
lantry, Fort Sumr.er will live upon the succeeding page as 
an irnperishable testimony of Carolina faith. 
By your course you have probably rendered civil war in- 
evitable. Be it so. If you choose to fOrce this issue upon 
us, the State of South Carolina will accept it; and relying 
upon Him who.is the. God of Justice as wcn as the God of 
I-lasts, wili endeavor to perforuu tho great duty which lies 
heföre her hopefully, bravely, and thoroughly. 
Our mission being one, for negotiation and peace, and 
your note leavinc u:} without hope of a withdrawal of the 
troops from Fort Sumter, or of the restoration of the status 
quo existing at the time of our arrival, and intim@ting, as 
we think, your determination to the garrison in 
the harbor of Charleston, we respectfull-y inform you that 
we propose returning to Charleston to-morrow afternoon. 
We have the honor to be, sir, verv respectfully, your 
R. W: BARNWELL, 
obedient servants, 
J. H. ADAMS, 
JAMES L. ORR, 
Commissioners. 
To His Excellency the PRESIDENT United States. 
Mr. DAVIS. Now read the indorsement. 
The Cierk read the indorsement, as follows: 
EXECUTIVE MANSION, 3} o'clock, Wednesday. 
This paper, just presented to the President, is of such a 
character that he declines to receive it. 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, an episode is 
said to delay the progress, but not to change the 
character of a poem. Certainly a very long epi- 
sode has been introduced into the remarks which 
I have proposed this morning to make; and they 
do change the conclusion to which I would have 
arrived. I feel, now even more than before, pity 
for the Executive of the United States. When 
proposition was made to read a paper as a part 
of the remarks which I proposed to submit, the 
Senator frmn New York appears taking charge 
of the Executive and protecting him from a con- 
Btructive rebuke by the Senate. Sorrowful, in- 
deed, is the position of that Executive, so lately 
borne to the high office which he holds upon the- 
shoulders of the great Democracy of the country, 
when he r•nust turn to the Senator from New York 
to protect him from them. But I know that new 
converts are always zealous. They havcanexcess 
of zeal, which has grown even to a proverb. To 
that excess of zeal am willinff to attribute the 
discourtesy to which I made a harsh reply this 
mornmg. 
But I -ask, when the peace of the country was 
at stake, when all men who love the Government 
we inherit from our fathers looked anxiously to 
a peaceful solution, why, if mistaken in the chur- 
act.er of the paper of these commissioners, did 
this paper (harsh, I admit, in sorne of its terms) 
1101 change the purpose of the President? Why 
did he not then call upon them for the means by 
which peace may be restored to South Carolina? 
Thus he would have initiated a measure which 
might have led to beneficial results. Thus he 
might have turned the threatening brow of civil 
war away. Then wc should not have stood as 
we do to-day, waiting hourly for what the tele- 
graph may bring, to decide whether we have 
peace or war in our land. 
I did not intend this morning, however, tehave 
protracted my remarks so as to havc inte ered 
with tbc Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. 
SON.] I sent a page to him, and offered t re- 
sign the floor; but-I learned from him that he did 
not wish to occupy it to-day. I have already 
occupied the floor some time, though was not 
upon it discussing a question raised in my own 
case, in which I have verificd the proverb that 
'i our curses sometimes do a blessing prove;" for 
I intended to havc read and incorporated in 
my own remarks, the Senator from New York 
has taken from t\iat hiding-place where men might 
never have found it, and brought it out into the 
I thank him. 
broad light of the Senate Journal. 
But there wag a special order for to-day 
Mr. BIGLER. If the Senator will permit me. 
The PRESIDiNG OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
atop from Mississippi yield the floor ? 
Mr. DAVIS, Certainly. 
Mr. BIGLER. It is half past two o'clock and 
19 
FRIDAY, JANUARY 11, 1861. 
more. I presume the Senator does not wi.sh to 
address the Senate further to-day on this subjcct. 
Mr. DAVIS. At some time do. 
Mr. BIGLER. Then, with his permission, I 
will move to postpone this subject until one o'clock 
to-morrow. 
Mr. G WIN. I hope, then, that we shall take 
up the special order, which was postponed by the 
reading of the message. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to 
postpone the further consideration of the rrwssage 
and accompanying documents until one o'clock 
to-morrow. 
The motion was agreed to. 
COMMITTEE SERVICE. 
on motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was 
Ordered, That the Vice President bc requested to the 
vacancy on the Conunittee of Commerce, occasioned by 
the resignation of Mr. Hanltin. 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. 
A message from the I-louse of Representa- 
tives by Mr. H A ys, Chief Clerk, announced that 
the House had passed a bill (No. 554) to ex- 
tend the right of appeal from decisions of circuit 
courts to the Supreme Court of the United Ståtes, 
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re- 
quested. 
LEGISLATIVE APPIIOPRIA'I'ION DILL, mc. 
The message further announced that the Housö 
had passed a bifl (No. 892) making appropria- 
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial 
expenses of the Government, for the year ending 
June 30, 1862, in which the conc.ui•rence of the 
Senate was requested. 
PRINTING or A DOCUMENT. 
The message further announced that the House 
had ordered this day the printing ofa letter from 
the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting, in com- 
pliance with a resolution of .thc House, a report 
of the superintendent of ordnance at the Wash- 
incrton navy-yard, on riflcd cannon and the arm- 
ament of ships-of-war—ordcrcd at twelve o'clock 
and fifteen minutes. 
RILLS REFERRED. 
T hc following bills from the House of Repre- 
sentativcs were severallv read twice by their titles, 
and referred as indicated below: 
A bilk (No. 554) to extend the right of appeal 
from decisions of circuit courts to the Supreme 
Court of the United Slates—to the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
A bill (No. 892) making appropriations for the 
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the 
Government for the year ending June 30, 1862— 
to the Committee on Finance. 
SLAVERY QUESTION. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, 1 rise 
for the purpose of moving that the resolution 
which I believe was left as the busi- 
ness on the last day of our session, bc taken up, 
and that all other business be postponed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
state to the Senator that that is the unfinished 
business, and comes up as the business now in 
order before the Senate. 
The Senate resumed, as in Committcc of the 
Whole, the consideration of the joint resolution 
(S. No. 54) proposing certain amendments to thc 
Constitution of the United States. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I presume, sir, as a 
matter of course, that the question wilt be taken 
on the distinct articles which aro Proposed as 
I hope, there- i 
amcndmcnts to the Constitution. 
fore, that the question will be first taken on thc 
first, article. 
Mr. CLARK. I move now to strike out all the 
preamble of the resolutions, and all after thc word 
resolved," in the first resolution, and add what 
NEW SERins...:..No. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
thtee special orders for to-day, as the Secl•étary 
informs thc Chair. The first one was postpohed 
until to-morrow; the second öiie is the one now. 
under consideration; and the third is the bill (S. 
No. 230). declaratory of the acts carrying into 
effect the ninth article of the treaty between the 
United States and Spain. 
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senate allow me, 
will move to take that bill up, in order to post- 
pone it and make ita special order for anodnet• 
d4Y, so as to get it out of the way. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires 
unanimous consent. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. As I understand, the 
Senate has agreéd to take up these resolutions.' 
Mr: IVERSON. It will take but a moment. 1 
merely want to postpone the bill to another- day. 
Mr. WILSON. move to postpone the fui•- 
ther consideration of this joint resolution until 
half past twelve o'clock to-morrow. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator accept that motion ? 
Mr. IVERSON. What is it? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To postpone 
the further consideration of the joint resolution 
until half twelve o'clock to-morrow. 
Mr. IVBRSON. 1 have nothing to do with the 
resolution of the Senator from Kentucky. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un- 
derstood the Senator to refer to it. The question 
is on the motion to postpone the further consid- 
eration of' the joint resolution now under consid- 
eration, until half past twelve o'clock to-marrow. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Why?l should like to 
know of gentlemen. If there is any special rea- 
son for it, micrht be disposed to acquiesce. 
Mr. CLARK. I wish that it might be post- 
I introduced certain resolutions t.his 
poned. 
morning which were ordered to be printed, and 
have now gone to the Printer; and I cannot get 
a copy. so as to move them as an amendment. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. is all the better for 
Mr. CLARK. It may be; but I desire to have 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate 
ready for the question ? 
Mr. PUGH. Is the question on postponing the 
joint resolution? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on postponing the resolution now under con- 
sideration, until to-morrow at half past twelve 
o 'clock. 
I think it is high 
Mr. PUGH. 1 hope pot. 
time that we had taken a decisive vote. The 
President urges it upon us. Every Senator must 
sec that we are to go in one direction or another, 
and to go at once. W c heard the amendment of 
the, Senator from New Hampshire read this morn- 
ing. We know what it is.- We can easily vote 
w'hcther or not we will substitutc it. Senators 
rnay speak upon other resolutions connected with 
this subject; but I hope that we shall have a vote, 
and have it now; and if there is not a constitu- 
tional nutjority to carry these amendments, let us 
try some other proposition. 
•The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the postponement of the joint resolution. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I have not heard the prop- 
I did not happen to be in when 
osition rca(l yet. 
it was presented. 
Mr. PUGH. Which proposition? 
Mr. SIMMONS. Thc onc by the Sen- 
ator from New Hampshire. We have not had 
the President, 's message printed yet either. There 
appears to be unusual haste about this matter. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The further 
consideration 01' that subject was postponed until 
to-morrow. 
Mr. BIGLER. I sincerely hope that this mo- 
If ever we in- 
tion to postpone will not prevail. 
I sent to the Chair this morning and requested to tend to act upon these resolutions at all, we ought 
II to do it promptly. 
If they arc to be of any ser- 
be printcd, as an amendment. 
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to ask the Chair vicc to the country, '„vc all know they must be 
whether the Florida claims bill was not made a considered immediately. T hc Senator New 
Hampshire can offer the manuscript amendment, 
special order for to-day ? 
