292 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 9, 
LATHAM. I merely desire to- say, sirs 
that-Lenter my solemn protest, as-one of the Sen; 
ators from California, against the reference of this 
I -trust sincerely 
bill to any select committee. 
that the friends of the measure •vill regard it as a 
test vote, whether we are to- have axailroad bill 
passed this. winter or not, Now, sir, I do not 
care, as has been justly remarked by my col- 
league, how.. many select cornmigtees may L'e ap- 
pointed?by the Senate:t whenever they report the 
bill back to Qis body, it will have to be discussed 
just as much as now; there will be found just as 
mazny.objectio.ns- to it, as many criticisms; and I 
think the Senate is suffciehtly informed already 
in relation- to. this great scheme and measure to 
frame a bill -- themselves; and they can do it with 
certainly more economy of time, and with a greater 
certainty of having a bill which will please not 
only Congress, but the -country, than by referring 
1 therefore trust that 
it to any select«20mmittee. 
the friends of this measure, in voting upon it, 
will regard this vote as a test vote whether-we are 
to have a Pacific railroad bill passed this winter 
or not. 
Mr. RICE. Iam satisfied, from the discussion 
which took place the other day, and also from the 
few remarks that have been made to-day upon 
the subject now before;the Senate, that those rep- 
resenting in this body the interests of the center 
and of the North were not in any manner what- 
The' northern route was entirely 
ignored and-it appears, from- what has fallen 
from böth the Senators from Missouri, that the 
bill, as brought from the House of Representa- 
tives, was unsatisfactory to them. do not know 
that those interested in the southern route have 
spoken. I am satisfied that -there is a question 
now before the Senate—one great question to 
which the eyes of tho entire community are di- 
rected—so much more important than this that it 
is hardly proper for us to consider this at present. 
Such being my honest conviction, I am compelled 
to move the indefinite postponement of the entire 
I now make thc inot.ion. 
Mr. BAKER. I second the motion. 
I want 
the question tested in that way. 
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, 1 do not 
want to bo understood as an opponent of this 
I believe that I am as strong and firm 
measure. 
a friend of a Pacific railroad as any man upon this 
floor—the Senator from California or anybody 
else. But, sir, I •want bill which, when it passes 
this body, conferring so huge monopoly as this 
upon any company, shall be so framed that it wilt 
bé just arid equal to all sections of the country; I 
want it so guarded as to protect the rights and 
interests of tho people of this country. if we are 
to. vote away, a marvelous amount of money and 
a marvelous-amount of land to a corporation for 
the construction of this great work, il should be 
done with carc aud w 0.11 deliberation; and I do 
not at all agrec or assent to the which 
is u here for pushing this measure through 
1 110 P? , therefore, thal 
without any delibcration. 
it will be referred to a comrnittec, with instruc- 
tions to report in two days, if the Senate l')lcase 
so to instruct them; but I mn in favor of inn-ne- 
diate action, and I made this Inolion {Or ren- 
son that I supposed it would lead to immediate 
action- on this bill, and be the safest and surest 
way procure harmonious action in this regard. 
For that reason I hope trhab the motion of my col- 
league will. not.prevail, but that this bill will bc 
referred in good faith, for the purpose of procur- 
ing immediate action upon it. 
'Mr. LATHAM. 
I inquire which motion has 
precedencc ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. 
in the chair.) T hc motion for indefinite postpone- 
menr.. 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 call for the yeas and nays 
on that. 
The cas and nays were ordered. 
XIMMONS. I hope this bill will not be in- 
Mr. 
definitely postponed. We have had a railroad bill 
of sorne kind before the Senate now for three or 
four years; and i thil)k the Senate understand thc 
question much better than when it was originally 
brought here. I t'hought it was a matter of demon- 
stration, the last time this bill was up, that. the 
think the better way to deal with the. subject, as 
important amendments have been presented here, 
is to commit the bill. We cannot, on the mere 
impulse of the moment, look through all the 
details. We ought to have a committee to take 
all these propositions and make such provisions, 
after due deliberation, as are found to be neces- 
sary to insure the faithful execution of this work, 
and the security of the people when it shall be 
I have never known much progress to be 
made. 
made in a bill merely by presenting it here, and 
havingy amendments proposed to it. The result 
proves that we debate all day on a proposition 
that I do not believe three men in the Senate would 
vote against, as we did the last time we had this 
bill up. I do •not there are three men in 
the Senate who would vote against the proposi- 
tion of the Senator from North Carolina, that the 
various charters for the corporations under which 
this road is to be built, and which are to have 
bc submitted to and approved I 
by Congress before the securities are handed over, 
and yet we debated it all day. Now, think 
proper guards and restrictions and provisions in 
an Important bill of- this kind should be looked 
into and provided for when people are quiet and 
can read over things and spell out things and put 
proper provisions in the bill, and not here, in open 
debate, when a man scarcely hears what is said. 
f never knew a bill of such importance as this pass 
through Congress without a reference to a com- 
mittee. 
I have thought it advisable to make a road to 
the Pacific ever since we undertook to settle the 
Territory of Oregon. I was on a committee of 
this body that reported in favor of it fifteen years 
ago. "L'hen, however, we were not able to build 
it. Now •,ve have become more able. I want to 
sec a bill drafted by a conunittee embracing the 
propositions that they approve; and it can be so 
digested t.hat wc can get a vote upon it much 
sooner than could by going on with debate 
i would instruct the conunit- 
here in the Senate. 
tee to report in a week. I want no delay. I think 
If they 
it is necessary to have such a report. 
report this bill back •willi two or three t.rifling 
amendrnents, it will be very soon disposed of; 
and if they can think of other amendments that 
ought to be put in it, it had better be matured in 
committee than in the whole Senate. 
Mr. BAKER. iV.1t•. President, the Senator 
from Rhode island does not meet what we say 
He, says that there has been a project 
about it. 
for a bill cvcr since Oregon was settled; and I 
apprehend that if it goes on at the rate at which 
it is going on, there will be n project for a bill, 
and that only, here, until Orcgon is depopulated. 
We tell him that sad experience shows that send- 
ing it to special committee kills it. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 should like to know what 
authority the gentleman has for saying that send- 
ing tbe bill to comrnittee kil}s it. 
'I'he authority is the history of 
Mr. BAKER. 
Fifteen years since, according to his 
own staternent, we ought to have had s•cnnc kind 
of a bill. 'W c havo got yet. The crentle- 
man from California says truly, that there have 
been, believe, six special comrnittees, and there 
is no bill passed yet. Now, i submit, as i did 
the other day—and hate to delay the Senato by 
submit to ali our friends, it' 
talking about it— 
they really are our friends, to follow the lead 
those who have the mall•er most at heart, a 
little. "I'he Senator from North Carolina presents 
very plausible objections. -Why? He wants to I 
kill the wholc bill. The Senator from Min l)esota 
is particularly anxious about thc state of the 
Union; and he is so anxious about the stale of 
the Union that hc wilk take no measure in the 
world to preserve it. Why? Boeause the routes 
here do not suit him, ana he wants to kill this 
bill; and I am sorry to say the same thing of my i 
friend, his colleague. 
Mr. WILKINSON. Do 1 understand the Sen- I 
ator to say that I want to kiH this bill? 
Mr. BAKER. I understand that my friend is 
so devoted to his own route that he is putting all I 
the obstacles he can in the way of this bill, until 
his reoute is iiR!luded in it. That is all I mean to 
say. I only ask that thcrc Inay be a direct vote 
amendment of the Senator frrnn North Carolina, taken upon the motion of the Senator from Min- 
requiring the several acts of incorporation to be nesota, to postpone the bill indefinitely. If it be 
examined and approved by Congress before the the pleasure of the Senate to kill the bill, let it be 
I I done, and let it perish in the face of day; but if 
money was Tiven. was a propor amendment. 
there shall- be a decided vote against that motion, 
and in favor of the bill, I ask, in common justice 
to the greatest measure that ever was before this 
Senate, that we shall go along calmly, deliber- 
ately, with as -much discussion as may be de- 
sired, in the face of the whole Senate, and meet 
the direct proposition, by way of amendment, 
either affrmat.ively or negatively, and end the 
whole matter; and, sir, I ask that it may be ended 
in such time that, if there be amendments which 
shall ultimately pass the Senate, they may be 
passed in such way and at such a season that 
they may go to the lower House with some chance 
of passage there. 
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, 1 think the 
objection which has been suggested to the bill as 
a reason for its reference to a select committee, 
by the Senator from Rhode Island, is not a valid 
one. By reading the proviso, on the 7th page, 
it will be seen that the drafters of this bill have 
attempted to provide against the very objection 
I ask that the Secretary 
that hc has suggested. 
read that proviso, commencing on the forty-ninth 
line of the 7th page. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
Provided, "Phat said corporation or corporations shall 
have iit•ty mile sections of a railroad and teregraplr line, coni- 
pleted as herein mentioned, and sucb State or territoriai 
opinion ofthe Attorney General of the United States, render 
thc mortoage lien herein contemplated a legal securit.y 'Or 
the bonds advanced before lands or bonds shall be. conveyed 
by the Governinent of the United States. And the corpo- 
ration or corporations undertaking the service herein pro- 
vided shall agree to have five hundred miles of their road 
and telegraph line completed within six years after the 
passage of tilis act." 
Mr. HARLAN. That is all 1 wish to have 
read. It will. be seen here that the Government 
is not to udvancc a dollar of money nor an acre 
of land until, in the opinion of the Attorney Gen- 
eral, the Government will be perfectly safe in doing 
so; he having examined the chartersgranted by the 
'erritorics through which tlie road is 
States 
proposed to e located; and also having exam- 
Ined all the facts, in a legal point of view, con- 
nected 'Nith the subject, so as to enable him to 
form the opinion that it will be perfectly safe to 
make this advance. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand that the mo- 
tion now is thc indcfinitc postponement of the 
a motion seconded by the Senator from Ore- 
o•on. 
Mr. IRAKICR. I want to brine it up; but 
want to vote against thc indefinite postponement. 
Mr SIMMONS. 1 thought it singular that 
you should second a motion that you were going 
to vote against. 
Mr. BAKER. I thank the gentleman for put- 
ting me right if I was wrong; but I thought it 
very clear what I meant. 
Mr. SIMMONS. My friend from Iowa reads 
the provision in regard to finishing fifty Iniles of 
railroad as a suitable provision on which io pred- 
icate an outlay of and about as many 
acres of land. 1 was in favor of the swygestion 
made by the Senator from North Carolina. He 
I do not know 
Ilia y be opposed to this road. 
but that he is in favor of it. All the 
Ilie believe 
that people can make will not, make 
I have been uniformly in 
that I am a«yainst it, 
' favor of it fbr fifteen years, and n)ean to vote 
it; but I mean to meake it as perfect as I can be- 
I dare say many people can make 
fore I do vole. 
it out that I am opposed to the road that I am 
in favor of. shall not undortakc to answer their 
arguments; but the fact will remain as it is, no 
matter how many speeches are made to the con- 
trary. 
I shall be in favor of this bill, if theu•c are proper 
and decent provisions to securc the public. 
have heard many arguments made against facts; 
want 
but they never weigh much with me. 
some provision in this bill to show where these 
corporations derive their o.uthority, and from 
I do not 
whom, and whether it is leo•itimate. 
see, myself, how you are going to get an act of 
incorporation in the Indian country. It Inay be, 
perhaps, that the Indians can give one; but it 
what authority they can cut through an indian 
farm, without some power from thQ United States, 
I have endeavoæd to understand 
I do not see. 
this subject as well as I could. I wanted, in the 
room of the bill, two or three years ago, to sub- 
stitute a proposition to have all the routes actually 
