296 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 9, 
*portion Of the resolution referred to AVäs 
again read. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that 
the poinvof ordef'is not; well taken. •Tlié i'eso- 
lution merely provides that the gomrniltee may 
"report Trom -time to time, under the. rules of the 
House. - -It gives •no speCialü: power-ori the sub- 
Mi•. HOUSTON. M-y_-poirit 6f order. is this': 
that wheå a committcc, Cither a standing Or sclect 
committee, makes a " report on any subject, the 
committee% is discharged from that subject, and 
If that 
can' make-no other report: upon it at all. 
were not. the *ule of the House now, that part of 
the resolution would be unimportant and unne- 
cesÉäry. The; fact that a committee can make 
but ono- report, undef the rules of the House, on 
one subject, niükes. necessary the instructions 
which- the- gentleman now seeks to have agreed 
the committee authority t.o report more 
frequently than once. I prcscnt that point to t.hc 
Chair, because am satisfied that the Chair mis- 
conceives the point which I presented. I believe 
that the Chair will rule that, unless there be 
authority given to the committee now proposed 
to bc raised when it reports once, if will be dis- 
charged. That is the universal law applied to 
special committees. Ira committee reports once, 
and -is discharged, then it -has no further power 
or duty in the nrcmiscs. 
Now, sir, dbject to-those instructions because 
tbé them proposes a change 
of tho rules-of this House, by allowing this spc- 
Cial committec to report at any time. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, 
the practice, since I have been a member of this 
House, has been, in regard to the reception of 
reports from committees, if I -recollect aright, to 
rcccive reports in part. Such ccrtninly was the 
case in respect to the spcciai connuittoe on Kan- 
sas affairs. As I rerncn')bcu•, it has been the prac- 
tice to receive reports frotn special comrnittees in 
Mr. HOUSTON. Not unless such authority 
to do so was specially conferred upon the com- 
mittce. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. As the gentle- 
man from Alabama has stated, when a special 
committee reports in full, it is discharged frorn the 
further considcration of the mutter referred to it. 
But, sir, to relieve the resoluti0i) frorn all embar- 
rasSment, I will modify it by striking t the words 
from* time to time.' 
The*resolutioa was accordingly modified, so as 
to make that portion read: 
That the-committee have power to send IOr persons and 
take testhuouy. 
Mr. CRAWFORD, (addressing the Chair from 
the Republican side of the House.) Mr. Speaker, 
I desire, in order that we may justly understand 
each other, upon the one side and the other of thig 
[Cries of Order!" ] T herc is no oc- 
House— 
casion for excitement. We have passed beyond 
that point. 
Mr. HOUSTON. Nobody is cxcitcd. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 do not anybody 
is excited. 
Mr. HOUSTON. There is certainly nö ex- 
citemcnt 011 this side of lhc I louse. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 
this was po,tirne for excitement. Men, sir, should 
keep cool, and understand cleariy the line which 
they are resolved respectively to follow. I desire 
therefore, to tho gentleman from Michigan 
Mr. HOLMAN. to point of' order. 
Under the rules, every gentleman must address 
the Chair from his own place in the House. '1" he 
gentleman from Get')tgia is not addressing the 
Chair from his place, and is [herefore out of order. 
Such Mr. Speaker, is my point of order. [Laugh- 
Mr. BURNETT. And the same point of 
to the ge.\lt.lema)) from Indiana, for he is 
not in his t Laughter.] 
Mr. CRAWFORD. am willing to face the 
encnny in any position. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. The question 
has been demanded on the adoption of the reso- 
II is the only thing now in order, and I 
lutiou. 
object to everything else. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. If the gentleman from 
Indiana insists on his point of order, will go to 
my ordinary seat in the Hall, and address the 
Chair from it. 
Mr, HOLMAN. I Withdrav my point- of 
Order. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 rise to what 1 to 
be a privileged question. 
The SPEAKER. The only question before 
the House in order is the second to the demand 
for-the previous question. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. am sure that the gen- 
tleman from 'Michigan will be perfectly willing to 
aflow me to move a substitute for his resolution. 
Let it be read from the Clerk 's desk. If there be 
no objectior% then let the vote be taken between 
it and the pending resolution. [Cries of "Ob- 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. 1 decline to 
withdrawr the call for the previous question. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. insist that the 
gentleman from Georgia shall address the Speaker 
from his seat, and not walk up and down the aisle 
and all over the House. 
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor- 
gia, and all other members of the I-louse not in 
their seats, will resume them. Tho Chair recog- 
nizes the gentleman from Indiana. 
Mr. HOLMAN. i understand that the gen- 
tlcman from Georgia has submitted ft substitute 
i for the resolution offered by the gentleman from 
Michigan. I have another proposition which I 
desire to get in, and I move to amend the amend- 
ment by substituting it for the resolution of the 
gentleman fronAl Georgia. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Mine is the 
only resolution pending on which the call for the 
previous qucstion has becn demanded. i again 
decline to withdraw the demand for the prevrous 
question to let any amendment to my resolution 
do not object to anything heing read 
come in. 
by unariimous; consent'; but I decline to withdraw 
tho demand for the previous question. 
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 object to the reading of 
anylhil')g not regularly before the House, and 
upon which we tu•e not called to vote. 
SPEAKER. Then the only question be- 
fore the House is on seconding the call for the 
previous question. 
Mr. GARNETT. Irisc, sir,to whatl 
I move that the 
believe is a privileged motion. 
comrnunicati01) from the President of the United 
States, which has just been read, be referred to 
the Cornmitteo of the Whole on the state of the 
I believe, under the rules, that that mo- 
Union. 
lion will take precedence of the motion to refer 
to a special cotnmittee. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the 
point of order implied by the gentleman 's remark. 
Under the rules, tho motion to refer to the Com- 
mittee, of the Whole on the state of the Union 
cannot be, entertained pending the demand for the 
previous qtncstion. 
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the indulgence of the 
I appeal to the gentleman 
I-louse for a nrnnent.. 
from Michigan not at once to demand the pre- 
vious question on his resolution. He knows as 
well as any the present condition of the country. 
There has as yet becn no public expression m 
this Hall by the members of the House so that 
we may understand one another. Perhaps i? there 
were •sonic such expression we could find a basis 
fbr• united action. I trust that ho will see it to be 
his dilty not to insist on his dernand {br the pu•evious 
question for the present. Let us have an expres- 
Sion of members in regard to the rnessagc. 
I decline to 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. 
withdraw the calk for the previous question. 
Mr. LEAK E. Let the resolution be again read, 
and then let us vote on it. 
Mr. JONES. have an amendment which I 
think the gentleman from Michigan will accept if 
he will hear it read. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope we will go on in order. 
Again and again the gentleman from Michigan 
has declined to withdraw the call for the previous 
question. 
Thecall for tho previous question was seconded ; 
and the main question ordered. 
Mr. BURNETTI'. I demand the yeas and nays 
on the adoption of the resolution. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
At the request of Mr. COX, the resolution was 
acrain rend. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. With the permission of 
the House, I now give notice that if get an op- 
portunity I will snblnit a substitutc for the reso- 
i lution of the gentleman from Michigan. I ask 
that my proposition may be read. The House 
will then judge whether it is best to vote do-wn the 
pending resolution in order to receive and adopt 
mine. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 object. 
The question was takcn; and it was decided in 
the affirmative—yeas 133, nays 62; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad- 
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Wiiiiam C. Anderson, Ashley, 
Babbitt, Deale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs, 
Bristow, Bnflinton, Burch, Burlingame, Burnham, Butier- 
field, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Clelnens, Coburn, John 
Cochrane, Colfax, Covode. Cox, Curtis, John G. Davis, 
Dawes, Delano, Duel}, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, 
Ely, Etheridge, Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Fouke , 
Frank, French, Giltuer, Cooch, Grow, Gurley, Malc, Hall, 
Hamilton, Haskin, I-Iclrnick, Hickman, Hoard, Holman, 
William Howard, 'William A. Howard, Humphrey, Hutch- 
ins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, 
Kenyon, Kilgore, Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Logan, 
Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maclay, Marston, McCler- 
nand, McKean, McKnight, McPherson, Millward, Mont- 
gomery, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Mor*c, 
Nelson, Nixon, Noeli, Olin, Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Porter, 
Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, John H. Reynol(ls, Rice, Riggs, 
Christopher Robinson, Jitlncs C. Robinson, Royce, Scran- 
ton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somcs, Spaulding, Spinner, 
Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Stratton, Tap- 
pan, 'I'haycr, 'Dheaker, T01npkins, "I'rain, Trimble, Van- 
dever, Wade, VValdron, Cadsvalader Washburn, Ellihu 
B. Washburne, Webster, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, 
and Woodruff-:-133. 
NAYS—Messrs. 'I'homas L. Anderson, Avery, Barks- 
dale, Barret, Bocock, Boteler, Bouligny, Branch, Brown, 
Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Crawford, De Jar- 
nette, Dimmick, Edmundson English, Florence, Garnett, 
Gartrell, Hardeman, John . Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, 
Hill, Houston, Hughes, Jones, Kunket. Landrum, James 
M. Leach, Leake, Love, Mallory, Cbailes D. Martin, El- 
S. Martin Maynard, McKcnty, Laban 
'I'. Moore, Sydenharn Moore, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, 
Phelps, Pryor, Quarles, Reagan, Rust, Sickles, Simms, 
William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Taylor, Valiandig- 
ham, Vance, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, and Wright 
So the resolution was adopted. 
During the vote, 
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that 
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE •was paired with Mr. 
STEWART, of Maryland; and that the pair also 
embraced the vote of Monday last on Mr. ADRAiN 's 
resolution. 
Mr. BRANCH stated that his colleague, Mr. 
RUFFIN, was confined to his room by illness. 
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, the President of 
tho United States, in the rnessage before us, sug- 
gests, what everybody knows, that we are. in the 
midst ofa great revolution. He invites the atten- 
tion of Congress to an adjustment of the matters 
in dispute, and to the adoption of some meas- 
ure by which the horrors of a civil war may be 
averted. He points us to the fact that the public 
credit is prostrate and almostal together destroyed. 
He recommends that we shall direct our attention 
to devise some. remedy to restore the fraternal rela- 
tions which ought to exist between the States of 
this Confederacy; and his recommendation is en- 
titled to the highest respect of the American peo- 
plc. But, sir, we have here a motion to refer the 
message to a select committee, with instructions 
to indict somebody. I am unwilling to vote for 
any such motion. To a resolution proposing such 
inquiry, I would not object; but I oppose this res- 
olation. It proposes no means of reaching the 
existing ex-iøency ill public affairs. It is not pro- 
posed that this committee shall present a plan to 
restore quiet to the country or avert civil war. 
T hc instructions are, not responsive to the mes- 
I vote ' 'no." 
sage. 
Mr. FLORENCE. If the resolution suggested 
a remedy for the difficulties which environ us, I 
would feel obliged to vote for it; but, as it does 
no such thing, and may lead to evil results, I vote 
against it. 
Mr. HILL. •I ask that the resolution be again 
just camc in after it was read. 
read. 
The Clerk proceeded to read the resolution. 
Mr. HILL. I see that the resolution is not in 
the pacific line to which I belong; and I shall vote 
vote " no.' 
atyainst it. 
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, stated that his col- 
league, Mr. STALLWORTH, was confined to his 
room by sickness. 
Mr. MARTIN , of Virginia. Looking, as 1 do, 
upon this resolution to refer the message to thé 
committee of five, as an additional firebrand to 
that of the gentleman from Newt Jersey, the other 
day, cast into a building already on fire, as ac- 
knowledged by all, vote " no." 
The result was then announced as above re- 
corded. 
