1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan, moved to recon- 
sider the vote last taken; and also moved to lay 
the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
DISTRICT COURT A1' CAIRO, ILLINOIS. 
Mr. LOGAN. I desire now to call up a motion, 
entered some days ago, in reference to bill No. 
488, providing for holding a term of the district 
court of the United States at Cairo, in the south- 
district of Illinois. The motion is to recon- 
sider the vote by which the bill was recommitted 
to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 ask the gentleman from 
Illinois to ffive way to me for a moment, to pre- 
sent a resolution. It will detain the House buta 
moment. 
Mr. LOGAN. If I could be sure of 
the floor aTain, I should not object. 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman yields, he 
can håve the floor again. 
lyr. LOGAN. very well. 
COMMITTEE OF 
Mr. MAYNARD asked unanimous consent to 
introduce the following resolution: 
Resolocd, "That the committee of one member from each 
State, appointed undcr resolution of! December 4, 1860, 
have leave to report imnrediately, or as soon as they niay 
be ready to do so, with permission to any of said connnittee 
to present minority reports, if they desire. 
Mr. BURNETT. Idcsire to make an inquiry 
of the gentlelnau Tennessee. 
wish to 
know whcthcr he understands that there is any 
probability that that committee will ever make a 
Mr. MAYNARD. [ know that they cannot 
now, under the rules, make a report, until all the 
standing committees have been first called. 
Mr. BURNETT. move to amend that 
lution by discharging that special committee. 
Mr. HOUSTON. to the resolution. 
Mr. BURNETT. is: opinion that that 
cormnit.tce never wili make any report. The com- 
mittcc is already brokon up. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken- 
tuck y will observe that the resolution is not yet 
before the House. 
Mr. HOUSTON. Then 1 object to its being 
recei ved. 
Mr. DIVIAN. In order to whether 
this committee of thirty-throe is doing anything, 
or whether it has failed entirely to operate, as is 
said to be the case, I call upon the chairman of 
that committec to state whether the commiltco 
has agreed any report; when it met last; 
•what number of members attended its meetincr• 
and other particulars, which may be calculated 
to shed some light upon the probable result of the 
action of that committee ? 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 have not yielded the floor. 
I am not member of that committee, and profess 
to have no knowledge of its proceedings; but I 
do know that, under the rules, they cannot report 
until all the committec.s are callcd, and the special 
committee is reached in the ordinary way. It is 
important that they should have leave t.o report 
their action or non-action. The committee ought 
not to be kept in abeyance. We ought to know 
thc result of their labors. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 have been just informed 
by the gentleman from Arkansas, a member of 
that committee, that there is not the remotest prob- 
ability of that committee twreeing. That 
the case, and the committee being broken up, a 
large number of the members from the southern 
States having withdrawn from it, I appeal to the 
gentleman from Tennessee, whether it is politic 
and wise to continue the committee, and to confer 
upon it a power to report at any time, and that 
too, when there is not the remotest probability 
that they ever will make a report. 
Mr. MAYNARD. The country ought to know 
whether they can or cannot make a report. 
The SPEAKER. Objection being made to the 
reception of the resolution, the matter is not be- 
fore the House. 
DISTRICT COURT IN ILLINOIS. 
Mr. LOGAN. I now call up my motion to re- 
consider the vote by which House bill No. 488 
was recommitted to the Committee on the .Tudi- 
Ciary. 
The SPEAKER. ft appears that the bill is not 
•now on hand, for some reason or other; and the 
Chait would suggest to the gentleman to withdraw 
his motion for the present, and until the bill shall 
be here. 
Mr. LOGAN. will do so if I can get the floor 
during the day. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will consider the 
gentleman as havinø a claim to the floor. 
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the rules be 
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union, to take up bill No. 895, making appro- 
priations for certain civil expenses of the Gov- 
ermuent for the year ending the 30th of June, 1862. 
Before that motion is put, I move to make that 
bill a special order in committee. 
Mr. CRAMTFORD. 1 desire to ask the chair- 
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, 
whether it is his purpose to allow no general 
debate upon any appropriation bills? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have, on two occasions, 
proposed to allow debate upon appropriation bills, 
and in both cases both sides of the House com- 
bined to .vote down the proposition. I am per- 
fectly willing to do so whenever the House ex- 
presses such a desire. But my impression is that 
we bettor any general debate until after 
we get through our appropriation bills, and then 
there will be time •for debate. 
Mr. BOCOCK. After the appropriation bills 
are disposed of, what wili there be upon which 
general debate will be in order? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think that if we pass the 
appropriation bills this week, next week, or the 
week after, general debate may be had upon the 
report of the committee of thirty-three, or upon the 
President's message. I desire to get the appro- 
priation bills out of the way. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. At what time does the 
gentleman propose to take up the Army bill? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 shall move to the 
Navy bill to-day or to-morrow, and the Army 
bill immediately after that is disposed of. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. understand, then, that 
the gentleman from Ohio intends, during the pres- 
ent wcck, to dispose of the Navy and the Army 
appropriation bills. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 propose to dispose ofthem 
as rapidly as 1 can; but the House can control its 
own movements. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman under- 
stands very well that, having the power to deny 
debate, by calling the l)revious question upon any 
proposition he liluy Inake, he can carry the bills 
through t.his week; and I desire to understand 
whether or not wc shall have an opportunity to 
debate the Army and Navy bills. We want debate 
upon one or the other of those bills; and I would 
like to havo them left open for general debate. 
Mr. SHERMAN. As a of course 
can debate the details of these bills as we go along; 
and 1 think we ought to pass these appropriation 
bills before we enter upon general debate. 
Mr. REAGAN. 
dition now, as, it seems to me, to require that somc 
expression of opinion should be made by the 
members of this House; and] hope the chairman 
of the Committee. of *Ways and Means will leave 
the naval appropriation bill open for general de- 
bate, at least for a short time. Some of us may 
be called away, and wc may desiro to make some 
It seems to me that 
suggestions before we leave. 
the country requires that we should not smother 
all general debate. 
I want to call thc 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
attention of the Committee of Ways and Means 
to a point connected with the motion he has made 
to restrict (lobate. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 object to debate. 
The SPEAKER. There can be no debate upon 
the question if objection is made. 
I ask the gentle- 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
The 
man to withdraw the motion hc has made. 
country looks to the action of this House; and we 
ought to Tive the country a chance to know what 
is going on here. 
The motion of Mr. SHERMAN, to make the bill 
a special order, was agreed to. 
The question recurred on Mr. SHERMAN'S mo- 
tion, that the House resolve itself into tbc Com- 
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union; 
and being put, it was agreed to. 
The House accordinosly resolved itself into the 
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union, 
(Mr. in theehair,) and proceeded to Ehe 
consideration of the special order, being at bil 
(H. R. No. 895) making appropriations for Stins 
dry civil expenses of the Gövernment for the 
year ending the 30th Of June, 1862. 
The bill, at the request of Mr. PHELPS, wag 
read in catenso. 
The Clerk then proceeded to read it by clauses, 
for amendment. 
Mr. ELIOT. I -move to amend -the first-clause 
of the bill by striking out $100,000," -and ine 
serting " $250,000" in lieu thereof; so as to make 
it read : 
Survey of the coast.—For continuing the survey of the 
Atlantic and Gulf coast of the thiited Ståtes; (including- 
compensation Of civilians engaged in the work, and ex- 
cluding pay and emoluments of offcers Of the Army and 
Navy, and petty omcers and men of the Navy, empiOyed On 
the work,) $250,000. 
Mr. Chairman, it seems to -me that there are 
three amendments to this bill which the commit- 
tee oucrht to adopt. The- first of halve just 
offerea. I have done it because ofa communica- 
tion which have received from the Superintend- 
ent of the Coast Survey, in which he says that 
the, estimates made by the Department for this 
service have been so much reduced by the Com- 
mittee of Ways and Means in this bill, that the 
operations of his dcpurtment will be very scri- 
ously interfered with. I find, by an examination 
of the estimat.es of the Department, that thero are 
nine sections of the coast embraced in the first 
clause of the bill now under consideration. The 
appropriations asked for are: for the northern 
part of the coast, $76,000; and for the southern 
about one hundred and seventy-four thousand 
dollars. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 desire to ask the gentle- 
man from Massachusetts.if he has any idea what 
will be the expense of the coast survey, includ- 
ing all the expenditures already incurred since the 
commencement of the work, down to its comple- 
tion, so far as any completion Ivas ever contem- 
plated ? 
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot answer that question. 
Mr. MAYNARD. Will it not be than 
it would cost to pay for the entire amount of the 
soil of the country, at the rates at which it is now 
held in the market? 
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman from Tennessee 
has the same means of information upon the sub- 
ject as I have. I cannot reply to that question. 
I was going on to say that $250,000 is asked for; 
#70,000 for the northern coast, and $176,000 for 
the southern coast. A detailed estimate is given, 
showing how this money is to be expended and 
where. 
think, Mr. Chairman, that so long as we have 
omcers of this Government whose duty it is to 
furnish to the Department detailed estimates, we 
ought not to withhold the appropriations asked 
for, unless there is some good reason for with- 
holding them. 
My object is not so much to have a debate upon 
this question as to call upon the chairman of the 
Committee of Ways and Means to say whether 
there is, in his judgment, a good reason, and what 
that reason is, for withholding the appropriation 
asked for. If we are to prosecute this work -at 
all, we ought to provide the means sufficient, in 
the judgment of the Department who have this 
matter in charge, to prosecute it successfully and 
properly. I desire to ask the chairman of the 
Committee of Ways and Means whether there is 
any reason, and i? so, that reason is, for 
reducing the estimate from $250,000 to 
and whether, in the judgment of the Committee 
of Ways and Means, the sum of $100,000 would 
enable the Coast Survey to continue successfully 
the work upon which they are now engaged along 
the northern, and especially along the middle and 
southern, Atlantic coast ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed the gentleman 
from Massachusetts knew very well that there 
was a necessity for decreasing the expenditures 
of the Government. The Committee of Ways and 
Means did not know what to strike at better than 
this Coast Survey. W c had to choose between a 
reduction of the cost of this survey and its entire 
I think that in this period of financial 
suspension. 
and political disturbance we had better suspend the 
operationsofthis CoastSurvcy. The Committee of 
I •ways and Means were not, however, prepared for 
tha.t radical change, and they agreed to allow one 
i half of what was asked for, to continue the work 
