298 
where.most needed. The amount estimated by 
the: Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the 
survey of the Atlantic and Gülfcoast was $250,000. 
That would enable him to carry on his operations 
upon Che same basis that he has done during the 
present fiscal yean. • But it is very easy to dimin- 
Ish -the force employed one half, and carry on the 
survey only at particular, localitieN where it has 
not heretofore been carried forward., The Super- 
intendentxni#t expend $120,000 judiciously; and 
he ought to b? confined to that sum. I can give 
no other -reason for the action of the Committee 
of Ways and Means. The matter was fully con- 
Sidered, and this reduction was deemed a matter 
of-absolute necessity. 
Mr. ELIOT. I do not understand that the Com- 
mittée of Ways and -Means have reported the 
amount which tho chairman has indicated. The 
sum reported is $120,000. The amount estimated 
forby the Department is $250,000. Whatl want to 
know is, whether the work now in operation upon 
these nine sections of the coast can be done fbr 
the amount appropriated in the. bill. 
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Massa- 
chusetts will see that the third item of the bill is 
an appropriation of $20,000 for the survey of the 
Florida reefs, which makes up the sum of $120,000 
for the Atlantic and Gulf coasts. 
Mr. ELIOT. It seems to me that one of two 
policies ought to be pursued—either to stop the 
work or continue it in such a way as that the force 
now employed can be successfully continued. It 
seems to me that this is not the time to discon- 
tinge appropriations for this purpose. 
It seems 
to me•-ninently important that thc survey of the 
coast should be continued, and that this work, go 
. admirably and thoroughly pcrformed upon one 
part of out' coast, should continued on others. 
I hopc my amendment will meet with the favor of 
the committee. 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 am opposed to the amend- 
ment of' the gentlunan from Massachusetts, [ Mr. 
ELIOT,] and I would ask Illim if, in his judgment, 
the Treasury of the country is in a condition 10 
justify an increase of the appropriations for this 
year upon the last, 
I sec from the estimates that 
the appropriation last year for this purpose was 
$250,000; and if the amendment of the gentleman 
from Massachusetts sl'iould prevail, it would be 
this year $290,000, and that at a time when it is 
known that we are paying tweive per cent. for 
money to meet the ordinary current expenses of 
the Government. Seventeen years aøo we appro- 
prialed $100,000 fbr this very sarne purpose; and 
annually, from that time, a sin-lilar appropriation 
has boon made, and the appropriation has in- 
creased in amount, Where thig thing to stop ? 
Is the survey of our coast never to terminate ? 
In the estimate. covered by this appro )riation 
there is provision madc for the survey of coast 
of Rhode Island and Massachusetts. 
Is this to 
become one of the permanent appropriations of 
the Goveri)ment? 
It was not originally so in- 
let) dcd. 
I think that, so ihr from 
adopting the tunell(l Incnt of the gentlernan frorn 
Massachusetts, we should strike out the entire 
appropriation, and suspend this branch of (he 
public service unt.il the condition of the country 
will justify its being taken up and carried on to 
completion. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 9, 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 do not wish to 
detain the committee any length of time in pre- 
senting any views on the question which this 
amendment proposes; but I think that the whole 
question which the appropriation bill presents at 
this point, is one of significant importance, and 
one which should receive the calm deliberation 
of the committee, so that they may specifically 
vote with intelligence and judgment upon it. 
has been alleged, sir, inferentially, that this great 
prftect is unwise, and, as a Government project, 
use ess to the country. I infer that that is the 
judgment of gentlemen who have addressed the 
committee thus far, in opposition to the scheme, 
from the fact that it is stated that probably the 
expenses of this survey, when it shall havc been 
completed, will be equal to the value of the whole 
land of the United States, at its present valuation. 
Well, sir, and what if it be so? I presume that, 
when completed, the influence of that survey will, 
in fact, duplicate the present value of all the land 
of the United States. 
' Rhe value of that land de- 
pends not only on its capacity for production , but 
on the value of that produce in the markets of the 
world; and it is intended, by this improvement, 
to afford facilities for the transportation of that 
produce to every market of the world. Would 
the gentlemen Vt.'ho oppose this appropriation take 
a deliberate position here, before this committee, 
and before thc world, that the United States of 
America shall be commercially isolated? That it 
s)'lalk be, by an embargo in the law of the land, 
prevented from transporting its produce to the 
commercial markets of the world? Why, Sir, 
such a proposition would be absurd—would be 
legislatively preposterous—and a gentleman svho 
would rnuke it would be at one pronounced a 
maniac or madman. And yet, in its ultimatum 
and extremity, foolish and absurd as would be 
that proposition, it is equally applicable in a pro- 
portionatc degree t.o tho proposition that the ex- 
pensiveness of this Coast Survey is an obstacle to 
Its further prom•ess. 
Sir, it. is efléctually wise, it is a mark of en- 
lar«yed legislation, that the country should embark 
in proiects of this kind. it is not only the safety 
of the'land, but it is the safety of the approach to 
tho land, which conununicntes value and ilnpart.s 
character to the cou n try. Were we, buta weather- 
beaten rock, to be approached by shoals, that rock 
would be valueless in the eye of ail nations. 
It. 
would be unapproachable. Were we a cullivated 
parcel of property, with a salubrious climate, in- 
vit.irj(r emigration to all parts of the world, and 
every local part of the land, whether disjected or 
retained in their orbits .at•ound the confederate 
center. Every par! will equally feel hereafter the 
benefits of this work. Therefore it is, sir, that if 
the Capacity of the national exchequer is to be dis- 
tended to its ultimate limits, it should be in order 
that the requisition of the head of this depart- 
ment may be fulfilled and complied with. For 
such considerations as these, which might be 
magnified and dilated upon to apy extent here 
this day, I shall cast my vote for the amendment 
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MAYNARD. In my opinion there. is a 
very wide difference between surveying the coast, 
and the Coast Survey. The gentleman from New 
York has made a very sensible ar&urnent, as ho 
always does when he undertakes to talk sense, 
[laughter,] on the importance of surveying the 
coast, and of giving to the country and to the 
commercial world charts of the topography and 
hydrography of our shores. 
I suppose there can 
be no two opinions on that subject. Bub the 
Coast Survey is another and a very different 
It is a sort of mythical establishment 
which has in some way attached itself to this 
great Government. 
It is sucr«yested that it is a 
sort of barnacle which has fastened itself on the 
operations of the Government; and which, under 
prctcnse of surveying the coasts, amuses itself at 
almost any and all kinds of occupation; concern- 
irp itself with making celestial observations; con- 
cerning itself in the operations of observatories as 
far in the interior as the city of Albany, and I 
know not in what else besides. 
I am for having 
our coasts surveyed. They ought to have been 
surveyed long ago. I verily believe, and I havc 
no hesitation in asserting, that if the money which 
has been afroady expended for this purpose had 
been judiciously and prudently and economically 
expended, we could have had every reef on our 
coast surveyed from onc ocean to the other. 
I regard this as a great abuse—as one, sir, that 
ought to be lopped off; and, as has been well 
suw«restcd by t.he gentleman from Ohio, the chair- 
rnal) of the Committcc 'of Ways and Means, it is 
a question whether the service ought not to bc 
cat off altogether. 
I might be, in favor of that 
policy if it. wore proposed. 
_l\t. all events, I anl 
now in favor of reducing the Coast Survey service 
within some reasonable, some comprehensible 
i dimensions. Let it be so arranged that we may 
understand the extent to which this annual leak 
is to be carried. 
I am unwilling to say, herc in my place, what 
m,vcre yet inaccessible by reason of dangerous i I have good evidence of as to tbc operations of 
navigation, equally valueless would be our soil, 
equally ineffc.rent would be our geographical posi- 
tion. It is essential, sir, in order to impart char- 
actet•, in order to give to ourselves a position in 
the estimation of the civilized commercial •world, 
and in order to enhance the value of our soil and 
its products, that we should, by incrcased facilities, 
the danger of access to our coasts, so that 
we (_•.an safi•ly transport prod ucc to our shores, 
and fronl O\.u• shores all over the world wherever 
want is fi)lt and want is to bc supplied. 
Now, in regm•a to this Coast Survey, it has been 
•of great value to this country. It has been o? 
great value not only to the country at large, 
but 
to every class occupyino• its vast area; not only 
I have no data on which to estimate the amount to every class, but there is not an individual in 
thc Coast Survey; but suffice it to say here that 
my reasons are sufficiently cogent to induce me 
to oppose the amendment of the gentleman from 
Massachusetts, [Mr. EL10T,] and to offer at the 
proper tirne the amendment which i now hold in 
my hand. When the pending amendment is dis- 
posed of, I NVill send it to the Clerk's desk; and 
. when it is read I think it will commend itself to 
the approval ot• tbc commiltee. 
Mr. STANTON. The district. which 1 have 
tho honor to represent upon this floor has no 
particular interest in the Coast Survey of the Uni- 
ted States; but, sir, I do not myself believe we 
ought to suspend necessary and proper appro- 
priations for carrying on its operations on account 
ofa temporary in tho finances of the 
alroady appropriåted for this very a-hast Survey. t.ho land, however humble he may be, who quaffs Government. 
If it be urged, as a good reason 
But* find that, so long as seventeen years acro, his water, or partakes of his food, or is clothed for not making this appropriation, that the Gov- 
there was only $100,000 appropriated for it; and 
i with apparel, who has not felt, and who does not 
ernment has now to pay a heavy percentage for 
I venture the asscrtion that the expense has been 
continue to feel, the advantage of this treat im- 
money, would it not apply, as an equally good 
increased instead of diniiniabcd cvcry year since provetnent.. 
Every rock renr»ved is n humanita- 
reason, to all other appropriations. This Coast 
then; while, of course, the extent of coast to be rian accomplishment. 
Ever v shoal pointed out is Survey servicc is pursued upon a line of policy 
surveyed has been regularly diminishing. I f' 
for the benefit of human lite, as well as for the ad- 
long acro adopted, and which has been adhered 
$100,000 was enough seventeen years ago, when vantage of human acquisition. 
It cannot be con- 
to fi)l' a series of years. The arranoemcnts and 
there was no part of the coast surveyed, I want cealed, that if we take the view of this subject which 
estimates of the Coast Survey offe,e have been 
to know why can the department not naanage to II legislators should take, it is of greathnportancethat adapted to that policv. The expenditures for the 
year, provided for in ihis bill, are predicated upon 
do with that amount now? I-lave we as much this Coast Survey should be not only rnaintained, 
coast to survey now as we had seventeen years but that. it should bc increased. 
It is felt not only those for preceding years. Gentlemen will see, 
ago? Ilave we made no progress in the survey? along our Atlantic shore, and thc Gulf shore, an(l if we adopt the proposition reducing the appro- 
Why i* it that this amount will not do us now, 
when it was enough for us seventeen years acro ? 
If I had time to examine, I could perhaps furnish 
to the committee something as to the amount 
expendcd. As intimated by my colleague, [Mr. 
MAYNARD, I I venture to say that if this thing goes 
on, the su r vey of tl'le water linc will cost more than 
the whole territory of the United States. I think 
that this amenament should not be adopted by the 
conzmittce. 
the Pacific shore, but it is felt along the shores of priation, 
that great inconvenience must neces- 
i every river in the interior, and in every city, sarily result. Vessels may have to bo discharged, 
'Ehere is and various material may be denied which is es- 
I town, and hatnlet in this broad 
not an acre of ground, wherever it may be, all sential to the successful prosecution of the work. 
over the surface of the country, that has not felt All the appliances, all thc necessities of the ser- 
the berleficiat influence of this survey, and will vice, have been provided upon the scale of expend- 
not continue to feel it. 
It is the broad, generous, 
it.ure set. out in the estimates of the Coast Survey 
wise policy of this country that this survey shall Board. 
Ifthe policy heretofore pursued be now 
bc continued. NM hatever may be the fate of the departed from, the consequence rnay be genertü 
country, the benefits of this survey w•ill be iblt in i deran«yement and loss, by throwinø out of' use 
