1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
on these propositions to turn to the estimates at 
pages 90 and 91, where they will find estimates for 
surveys on the coast of New England and on the 
coasts of New York and New Jersey, the oldest 
settled portion of the Atlantic coast—large sums; 
the same as last year and as the year' before. 
They go back more than forty years. Now, why 
is it? Can any of the gentlernen who live on the 
coast, and who tell us of the importance of this 
work, who are presumed to understand something 
of its details, and to be versed in the question of 
science complicat.ed with it; can any of them tell 
us why it is that the surveys of this old portion 
of the Atlantic coast are npt completed; why it is 
that we must continue expenditure upon them at 
this late day? 
Mr. PHELPS. Perhaps they find it very con. 
venient to spend the hot summer months on the 
New England coast. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I know that Newport is a 
very pleasant place to spend the summer in. 
Mr. ELIOT. 1 rise to point of order. This 
amendment refers to the coast of Oregon and 
Washington, and the remarks of the gentleman 
from Tennessee apply to no part of that coast. 
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Mas- 
sachusetts does not manifest his usual astuteness, 
or he would have perceived the point of my argu- 
men t. 
Thc CHAIRMAN. The section couched in 
such language that it is impossible for the Chair 
to determine upon •what coast this appropriation 
is proposed to be expended. He therefore cannot 
say whether the gentleman from Tennessee is in 
order or not. 
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Mas- 
sachusetts does himself great injustice—or rather 
he does me injustice—in not havincr attended to 
If he had, he would have scen 
my argument. 
that the point of my argument is that we shall 
not launch out upon a system of survey on the 
coast of Washington and Oregon which will pro- 
gress at the rate of your recent coast survey for 
forty years, and then be no nearer to termina- 
tion than that survey is now. I want to have 
the survey done, and not have it always being 
done—to have it executed, and not always con- 
tinued. 
The question was taken on Mr. ELIOT 's amend- 
ment, and it was agreed to. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
For continuing tho survey of t.he Florida reefs and keys, 
(including cornpens•ation of civilians engaged in the work, 
and excluding pay and of orücers of the Anny 
and Navy, and petty officers and Inen of the Navy enn- 
ployed on the work,) $20,000." 
Mr. ELIOT. I move to increase that appro- 
priation to $40,000. 
I have only to say, Mr. Chairman, in regard 
to this amendment, what has been said in regard 
to the other amendments. The sum of $40,000 
is called for by the offcers in whom we ought to 
have confidence; the officers who have this work 
in charge, and who have made their detailed state- 
ments to the Treasury Department, upon which 
that Department has made its recommendation to 
us. They say t.hüt., for-rthe purpose stated here, 
is requisite. Unless there is some reason 
why that amount should be reduced, it seems o 
me that it ought to be voted. I have notl 
further to say. 
The amendment ',vas rejected. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
"'l'o supply deficiency in t.he fund Ibr the relief of sick 
and disabled seamen, 900,000: Provided, 'l'bat the Secre- 
tary of the 'I'reasury is hereby authorized to rent either of 
the several marine hospitals to the proper authorities of 
the cities, towns, or counties, in said hospitals are 
located, and contract with such authorities tar the, relief of 
the sick and disabled seamen entitled to relief under the 
act of 3d of May, 1802, and ill cases of infectious diseases, 
to make such regulations for their rekief as he deems ex- 
pcdient." 
I move to 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
strike out the proviso in that section. 
I want, Mr. Chairman, to direct the attention 
of thc committee to an important change of ex- 
isting law which, as I consider, has been improp- 
erly attempted to bc made in this bill. 
viso which I *nove to strike out changes a law 
law for taking 
which has existed since 1802 
care of sick and disabled seamen. Under that 
law, sir, marine hospitals have been erected in 
different parts of the United States. 
First, let me say one word for the benefit of the 
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means 
in reference to this provision as being in order 
and germane to this bill. We all understand per- 
fectly well that under the rules of the House no 
general legislation can be moved as an amendment 
to one of the general appropriation bills. Yet, 
sir, here is one of the most important changes Of 
existing law—a provision looking to general le- 
gislation—embodicd by the Committee of Ways 
and Means in this, a creneral appropriation bill. 
I would make a point of order on it, and insist 
on the point being ruled by the Chair, if I thought 
it would do any good. The House having sent 
this matter to the committee, I presume we are 
bound to act upon it. 
Let me call the attention of the committee to 
the language of this proviso, x,vhich, as I have 
already stated, repeals a law enacted in 1802 for 
taking care of sick and disabled seamen. It is 
well known that each seaman has deducted outof 
his wages twenty cents each month in the year, 
which makes a fund out of which marine hos- 
pilals have been erected and kept up. Those 
hospitals are located in various parts of the coun- 
try, where seamen are taken care of when they 
are sick or disabled. They are taken care of in 
that way out of the fund which they themselvcs 
have contributed. The Committee of Ways and 
Means, by this proviso, undertakes to discontinue 
all these marine hospitals, and to leave sick and 
disabled seamen to be taken care of by the coun- 
ty, city, town, or village, where they may happen 
to be for the time. 
I protest against it. 'We had 
a like proviso offered in the Thirty-Fourth Con- 
gress. The Committee of Ways and Means, in 
that Congress, introduced substantially the same 
provision as this, without having had any con- 
sultation with the Committee on Commerce, which 
legitimately has the subject under cohsidcration; 
but it was rejected by a vote of more than two 
to one. The House then said that, as these sea- 
men paid this money into the 'I'reasury, they 
should be taken care of by the Government, and 
not be put out as paupers upon the mercy of any 
city, town, or village, which had no interest in 
their welfare whatever. 
But the gentlernen from Ohio [Mr. SHERMAN] 
may say that this fund is notsufiicient to maintain 
these semnen. Grant it. Grant, sir, that we have 
to make an additional appropriation of $200,000, 
$300,000, otVven whatis that? Is it not 
through the commerce of the country, is it not 
through the seamer) , that your revenues are raised ? 
Yet it is here proposed, in reference to thesc hard}, 
these useful and brave men, whose march is on the 
mountain wave, whose home is on the deep, to 
turn then-I over to the sympathies of the Cities, 
the towns, and the villaues of the country! I say 
that the present system is a just one. Out of the 
moneys contributed by these seamen, manne hos- 
pitals have been erected, where sick and disabled 
seamen can bc taken care of by the Government. 
There are proper buildings, where arc kept by the 
United States physician', stewards, and rnatrons, 
to provide for the sick and disabled seaman. If 
this proviso be adopted, these marine hospitals 
are abandoned, and you will then Icave these sick 
and disabled to the tender mercies of thc 
cities and towns, wherever they may be cast 
I protest against the change, and I hope 
ashore. 
the committee will strike out the proviso. 
Mr. NIXON. I will say a word or two in re- 
ply to my honorable friend from Illinois. I come, 
Mr. Chairman, from a commercial district, and 
one deeply interested in those who are engaged 
in a seafaring life. My people, indeed, are as 
111 uch interested in this proviso as any other peo- 
ple in the country; and, as I understand it, they 
are satisfied with it. A large number of my con- 
stituents are engaged in a seafaring life, and they 
are of the opinion that the present system v.rorks 
badly. These hospitals arc generally oat of the 
way of the very men for whose benefit they have 
been erected. 'The proviso cnables these men to 
receive support, when sick or disabled, in the 
I have received 
neighborhood where they belong. 
a large nun-iber of petitions from my district in 
favor of the change proposed by the proviso in- 
sorted in this bilÜby the Committee of Ways and 
Means, and 1 hope it will not be stricken out. 
Mr. PHELPS. i move to amend by 
ing that the sum for each patient shall not exceed 
It is a projbrma amendment. 
twenty dollars. 
Mr. Chairman, I wish tosubmitsome 
in justification of the- course of the Committee: Of 
Ways and Means in inserting the proviso that-it is: 
proposed to strike out. I am not sorry -that lthiS 
provision has called forth the_ eloquencé of- the 
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. 
opposes it; but, sir, with all his epcomiums upon. 
the gallant seamen of the country, I think his 
eloquence was, to a certain extent, inspired by a 
recollection of the existence of a marine hospital 
in his own town of Galena, and that, if it be aban- 
doned, its patronage of a physician, a steward, 
and a matron, witl have to follow, of course. 16 
that case, sir, ..the authorities. of will be 
allowed to take better care of the steamboat men 
of the Mississippi river than they have heretofore 
received. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will ask my friend from 
Missouri if he knows how much it costs to keep 
a patient one week at the hospital- at Galena? 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 do not. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. - Will my 
friend yield to me a moment? I will state that 
the Government very properly erected marine 
hoséital at Galena for the purpose of taking care 
of szck and disabled seamen, and there is a large 
number of that class there; but the hospital never 
has been put in operation by the Government. 
There has been a large sum of money collected 
from seamen and paid to the Government. But 
the seamen, instead of being taken care of, as 
they ought to be, in the hospital building of the 
Umted States, are to be taken care of by the 
lowest bidder, and the sick seaman is cast off into 
low doggeries. 
Mr. PHELPS. There are but a few of these 
marine hospitals established in the country, and 
of course, where there are no marine hospitals, 
the seamen are taken care of precisely In the 
manner in which it is now proposed, by the Sec- 
retary of the Treasury, that they shall be taken 
care of where there are marine hospitals. - There 
is a marine.hospital in the State which have the 
honor in part to represent, and where there are 
many patients; but I do bclicve that the patients 
no'.v in that hospital can be taken care of equally 
as well, if that marine hospital were under the con- 
trol of the authorities of the city of St. Louis, in 
which they could also place such patients as that 
city might have , withoutinterferin%with the rights 
of tl'ie Government. This is a measurc of econo- 
my—a measure. which, if adopted, will reduce the 
r I'here are marine hospitals 
expenses $100,000. 
in the country in which, according to the report 
submitted to Congress a year ago, the expense of 
keeping patients was more than twenty dollars per 
weck, while at the places where the seamen were 
taken care of as proposed in this bill, they were 
taken care of equally, at an expense rawing from 
three 10 five dollars per week. It.is now proposed 
to dispcnse with Government patronage in this 
matter; it is proposed to dispcnse with the super- 
intendents of marine hospitals; it is proposed to 
dispense with offcers employed at annual salaries 
ranging from $1,200 to $2,000 per •annum; it is 
proposed to dispense with the scrvices of other 
employés, amounting to ten or a dozen -persons 
at some of the Inarine hospitals, and still you wili 
have the seamen better provided for and taken 
care of than under the existing 'law. I vote for 
the measure, then, as a matter of economy, and as 
a measure of humanity to the seamen -who have 
contributed to make up the sum from which they 
are supported. 
As my amendment was merely pro forma, if 
there is no objection, I will withdraw it. 
No objection being made, the amendment was 
withdrawn. 
Mr. LOOMIS. I propose to amend by strik- 
ing out all after the word provided,' in line 
thirty-eight, and inserting in lieu thereof the fol- 
'I'hat the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized 
to change the present systmn of providing relief for sick 
and disabled bv disrnissing frorn service the em•- 
ployés of the Government, and leasing the marine hospitals, 
at such places as in his judgrnent t.he, public interest may 
individuals, citv, 
require a chawre. to private 
etnunty authorities, or private associations, on terms pro- 
viding for the necessary attention to seamen entitled to 
relief. 
I offer this as a substitute for the proviso, be- 
cause I deem it an important change which ought 
