302 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 9, 
In the proviso contained in -the bill, 
to sb6• made. 
there is no authority given to the Secretary of the 
Treasury to employ private individuals or private 
associations; and it is obvious that it may be ne• 
cessary, in many Cases, or at least very desirable, 
to do so. Indeed, at the present time, where there 
are no organized hospitals, the Secretary of the 
Treasury now authorizes the employment of pri- 
vate individuals and private associations. 
I -havé also modified the proviso in another 
particular, so that it may resvin -the discret.ion of 
the Secretary of the Treasury to lease the marine 
hospitals at places where, in his judgment, the 
public interest may require such a change. There 
are many places where I think the regular organ- 
ized marine hospitals should be leased. In such 
cases the Secretary may be advised of the fact. 
I think- the general purpose of this proviso is one 
Of great importance, and that its adoption will 
save immense ßums to the Government. I hold 
in my hand a report of the Secretary of the 
Treasury in reference to the expenses and con- 
dition of these hospitals, from 1854 down to the 
presen t time, in which he recom mends this change ; 
and he bases his recommendation upon Facts 
which I think incontrovertible; because it is 
proved by the tables prepared by the Secretary 
that, in all cases where private individuals, or pri- 
vate associations or town authorities, have taken 
care of' disabled seamen, they have been at least 
as •well taken care of as in the organized hospitals. 
We have invested in marine hospitals $3,000,000, 
ornearly that amount; and yet, in spite-of that fact, 
we find '-by actual experiment that we can sup- 
port sick and disabled seamen much cheaper 
through the agency of private individuals, private 
associations, or town and county organizations. 
It appears from a table prepared in 1855 that the 
cost of maintaining patients by contract was as 
follows: 
Bridgeton, New Jersey.... 
................$1 50 
Portsmouth, New Hmnpshire ..... . ..... 
2 00 
Middletown, Connecticut.... .... . 
Machias, Maine.... 
. 2 .50 
Waldoboro, Maine .... ... 
2 50 
Kennebunk, Maine.... ..... ..... ..... ..... .. 
2 50 
Belfast, Maine.... ..... . ..... .. 
2 50 
Sackctt's Harbor, New York..... . 
2 50 
Presque Isle, Pennsylvania ... 
2 50 
And at other places it ranged from three to five 
dollars per week, none being over five dollars. 
A t the organized hospitals, the average cost during 
the same year of each patient, per week, was as 
follows: 
Cléveiånd, Ohio . 
.................$4 84 
Norfolk, Virginia.... ..... ..... .... .. 
Chicago, Illinois.... .. 
5 22 
Chelsea, Massachusetts. 
New Orlcans, Louisiana....,...,. 
G 31 
San Francisco, California.... 
. 6 62 
Louisville, Kentåcky.... 
7 21 
Mobile, Alabama.... ... 
. 8 19 
Key West, 
8 47 
Pittsburg. Pennsylvania.... .... ..... ... 
Paducah, Kentucky.... . 
Ocracoke, North Carolina... .. 
.......ld 20 
Napoleon, Arkansas.... 
Natchez, Mississippi 
.... ...70 70 
And here let me can the attention of the House 
to Executive Document No. 27, and Report No. 
655, of thc first session of this Congress, the latter 
of which I had the honor to make at thé last ses- 
sion, under instructions from the Corn [nittee on 
the Expenditures in the Treasury Department. 
We find -from that document that at Paducah— 
which is* only an illustration—a hospital has been 
erected at a cost of between fifty and sixty thou- 
sand dollars; and yet, since the year 1854, •there 
has not been a single sick and disabled patient ad- 
mitted there; and yet ib,has been provided during 
all that time witha physician and laborers, to whom 
we have paid large salaries. So that our presént 
organized hospitals, instead of being asylums for 
sick and disabled seamen, are, in most cases, 
asylums for the relief of disabled physicians. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chairman, 1 approve 
of the remarks of the gentleman from Connecti- 
cut, but I do not approve of his amendment. The 
only difference between his proposition and that 
of the Committee of Ways and Means is: he pro- 
poses to let out this charity at private enterprise, 
while the committee propose to intrust it to cities, 
counties, or municipal corporations. I do not, 
rnyself, believe that it would do to Ict out this 
charity to private persons, who would be inter- 
ested in depriving sick and disabled scamcn of 
relief. 
Mr. LOOMIS. I did not propose to substitute, 
by my amendment, private individuals and asso- 
ciations for cities, towns, and counties; but only 
to add them. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am opposed to the prop- 
osition; because I think that all the cities or mu- 
nicipal corporations within which marine hos- 
pitals exist might be safely intrusted with the 
administration of this charity. But I do not think 
the matter ought to be intrusted to private indi- 
viduals, because they would have a direct intérest 
in depriving sick and disabled seamen of the re- 
lief to which they are entitled. I hope, therefore, 
that the proviso reported by the Committee of 
Ways and Means will be adopted. It was care- 
fully considered, and is carefully worded. 
Mr. L00M1s's amendment was disvreed to. 
The question recurred on the motion of Mr. 
WASHBURNE, of Illinois, to strike out the whole 
proviso. 
rMr. LOOMIS. I move to amend the matter 
proposed to be stricken out, by substituting for 
the words under the actof 3d May, 1802," the 
ivords "under acts of the United States now in 
force.' • 
I offer that amendment, because I be- 
lieve that there are laws applicable to the matter, 
other than that of 3d May, 1802. 
Mr. SHERMAN.' It is under the law of 1802 
that all that appropriations have been passed. 
Mr. LOOMIS. According to my recollection, 
there is a law of 1798 relating to this matter; and 
also, an act amendatory of that, passed in 1846. 
Mr. McKNlGHT. I desire to oppose the 
amendment; and I desire also to oppose the pro- 
viso reported by the Committee of Ways and 
Means, for the reason that it confrrs upon the 
Secretary of the Treasury powers which he will 
not have thp time or the leisure properly to dis- 
charge. 
Ifthe Committee of Ways and Means, 
or any other committee, were to propose the ap- 
pointment of a commission to inquire into the 
abuses that have grown up in these marine hos- 
pitals, and report an act for the correction of these 
abuses, I would vote for that proposition. I be- 
lieve there are abuses in connection with these 
marine hospitals. 
I believe there are men em- 
ployed as surgeons about those hospitals who are 
not fitted for-the position. I know that, in my 
own district, there is a marine hospital; and yet 
a number of seamcn are forced to go to hotels, 
and to employ private medical advice, because 
they cannot obtain it at the hospital. Bat it is 
only the correction of abuses that is required. 
The Government has expended millions of dol- 
lars in the erection of these buildings; and to turn 
them over now to coun ty commissioners would be, 
it strikes me, a great waste of the public money. 
Even if you could get those offcers to undertake 
the duties—which I am satisfied they would not 
do—I do not bclieve you could get the county com- 
missioners to take charge of those hospitals; nor 
would it be advisable for them so to do. How is 
the Secretary of the Treasury to decide as to what 
hospitals ought or ought not to be turned over to 
the county commissioners? Let the gentleman 
proceed in the right way. Let him propose a 
, commission to inquire into abuses and reform 
them, and I shall be ready to vote with him. 
The atnendment to the amendment was dis- 
am•eed to. 
The question recurred on the motion of Mr. 
WASHBURNE, of Illinois, to strike out the whole 
proviso. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I move to 
amend the clause proposed to be stricken out by 
inserting, in lieu of the word " rent," the words 
surrender to." 
Mr. Chairman, I have listened to the remarks 
of thc gentleman from Connecticut in relation to 
the amendment which he proposed. 'The question 
we have to deal with herc is, whether this Con- 
gress is prepared to surrender up all the marine 
hospitals, which have cost. millions on millions of 
dollars, to town, city, and county authorities. 
There is no limitation on the power conferred by 
this clause upon the Secretary of the Treasury. 
He may rent the hospital at New Orleans, at 
Charleston, Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, 
or Boston. There is no limitation upon him as 
to the arnount of rent. As to what the gentle- 
man has read in relation to the expense of main- 
taining patients in these hospitals, it has nothing 
whatever to do with the question. MI e have built 
these hospitals for the purpose of taking care of our 
sick and disabled seamen, who have contributed, 
to a large extent, from their earnings. The gen- 
tleman from Connecticut has referred to the cost 
of taking care of them. I say that the price is 
In a few instances it may be; 
not exorbitant. 
but, on the average, I am astonished at the srnall 
charge against the Government for the care of 
these men. 
What do the Committee of Ways and Means 
propose? Why, they propose that you should 
let out these merl as paupers to the lowest bidder. 
The gentleman from Connecticut tells you that 
they can be taken care of for three dollars a week. 
In my own town, 
i -know how this thing is. 
where there are a great many sick and disabled 
seamen, I talked with the physician who had been 
employed to take care of them, and he. informed 
me of the wretched hovels in which they are 
placed. 
Mr. BURNETT, (Mr. BRANCH having taken 
the chair pro tempore.) The policy proposed by 
the Committee of Ways and Means under the 
proviso in this bill, is to rent out the marine hos- 
pitals to the several corporations, town councils, 
&c., and to place the seamen of this country on 
the charity of those coroorations. Gentlemen make 
objection to the present system as now rnanaged 
in these marine hospitals, complaining that tho 
cost of maintaining the sick and disabled scamen 
in them is so large. Granted that that is an objec- 
tion. Granted that the fact, ak stated by the gen- 
tleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Loonns,] is true. 
Is that a reason why this Congress should change 
the whole system of the Government in regard to 
its sick and disabled seamen, and should commit 
them to the charity of towns and villages and cor- 
porations, which will not treat them as well as 
they are treated now, and from which they will 
sufün• the very same inconveniences of which 
gentlemen now complain in regard to medical 
treatment, and in other particulars? 
One gentleman remarks that these marine hos- 
pitals are asylums for broken down physicians. 
I do not know how true that is. 
I know that. the 
physician appointed to the hospital in my district 
IS, for medical knowledge and professional skill, 
not surpassed by any man of his profession in 
the country. That honorable gentleman says that, 
in sorne of these marine hospitals, it costs the 
Government sixteen dollars per week for each 
of the patients. Granted that that is an abuse, 
arid ought to be corrected: but is that any reason 
why Congress should surrender all the marine 
hospitals of the country, which were erected from 
motives of humanity, to take care of those broken 
down, sick, diseased, and disabled seamen, who 
have been laboring for the good of the entire coun- 
try? because it is from commerce that we derive 
our greatest prosperity. If this proviso of the 
Committee of Ways and Means be adopted as a 
system of legislation, it will change the whole pol- 
icy of our former system. I am opposed to that. 
But I agree with the gentleman from Pennsyl- 
vania, [Mr. MCKNIGHT,] that if there beabusesin 
the system, we should correct them by legisla- 
{ion. Get rid of these abuses, but do not sur- 
render this large amount of property to cities and 
towns and counties. Do not place your sick and 
disa led seamen at the mercy of the local author- 
ities. 
lb ieve that it would be wrong to do so. I 
believe that the whole object for which these ma- 
rine hospitals were erected would be defeated by 
the adoption of such a line of policy. Hence I 
am opposed to it. 
will go with the Committee 
of Ways and Means in any rneasure which they 
may suggest for the purpose of correcting abuses. 
If it costs too mucl-i to keep sick and disabled sea- 
men in the marine hospitals, let us throw around 
them restrictions by which to keep the expend- 
iture within reasonable limits; but 1 will never 
consent to transfer that class of our countrymen 
to the charity of corporations of any kind. 
The question •was taken on Mt•. WASHBURNE's 
amendment to his amendment; and it was not 
agreed to. 
Mr. MORRILL'. I move to amend by striking 
out, after the word " rent," the words " or sell." 
I believe it will be conceded by all gentlemen in 
this House that there are abuses in the manage- 
ment of our marine hospitals. -Now, what does 
this proviso propose to do? It is very carefully 
