drawn. It merely authorizes the Secretary of 
the Treasury to rent them, or take such course as 
he may see fit to take. 
It does not say that he 
shall rent the whole of them; but that he shall rent 
either of the. severa} mafine hospitals. 
Again: it is not -proposed to send these sick 
and disabled seamen as paupers. 
It not pro- 
posed to commit them to the irresponsible care of 
individuals. But it is proposed to make contracts 
with the authorities of cities, towns, or counties 
to take care of them. Why, sir, the only way 
in which we can defend this system of having• 
marine hospitals at all, is to have the abuses cor- 
rected; and I hope that this committee will not 
show itself indifferent to the correction of abuses 
so notorious as those in the system of marine hos- 
Mr. MALLORY. If *here be abuses in the 
management of the marine hospitals of the Uni- 
ted States, how do I understand gentlemen to pro- 
pose to correct them? By transferring these hos- 
pitals to the authorities of the State, county, or 
city in which they are respectively situated. We 
have no evidence, that I know of, showing that 
these abuses in the manacement do actually exist. 
I have heard charges to that effect; but we have 
no proof before the House on which to support 
such charges. I know that there is a marine hos- 
pita* in a town in my district, in the State of Ken- 
tucky, and I have never heard of any abuses 
havinff crept into the management of that institu- 
have heard of no complaint of the kind. 
lion. 
I believe that sick and disabled sailors receive 
there every attention that their cases require. 
have never heard the least complaint against its 
manacement. 
But, if there be abuses in the management of 
the various marine hospitals of the United States, 
how are you to correct these abuses? By trans- 
ferring the management of these institutions to 
the town, city, 01' county in which they happen 
to be located'? If you have abuses in your forts 
and dock-yards and arsenals, would you there- 
fore support a proviso to an appropriation bill, 
transferring those institutions to the States or 
towns or counties in which they happen to belo- 
cated, in order that these abuses may be corrected ? 
Have we come to that point that acknowledgment 
is made in Congress that where abuses creep into 
the rnanacrement of things over which the Gov- 
ernment has control, such abuses cannot be cor- 
rected or remedied; and that the only cure for 
them is to transfer the itself to sonle othcr 
power than that which has charge of them ? That 
IS an acknowledgment which I am not. willing to 
make. For that reason I oppose this proviso. I 
hope it will not be adopted by this committee. 
hope that the motion of the gentleman from lili- 
1861. 
nms, [Mr. WASHBURNE,] that this proviso be •l Government. At the hospital located in my 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
903 
It is known to a great many gentlemen in the 
committee that these seamen contribute yearly a 
considerable sum of money to maintain these hos- 
pitals. Every seaman has levied upon him a 
monthly tax of twenty cents, which is taken out 
of his vv'ages for that purpose. Under-the pres- 
ent system, if a seaman be disabled by sickness 
or otherwise, at a point remote from any hospital, 
there is no law for affording him any proper re- 
lief, I propose, in my amendment, to confer upon 
the Secretary of the Treasury discretion in all 
such cases; so that such sick and disabled seaman 
may be supported outside of these marine hos- 
pitals. It is right that we should compensate those 
Individuals who take care of sick seamen when 
they are so situated that they cannot reach one 
If my amendment be 
of our marine hospitals. 
agreed to, propose, in the next place, to strike 
out the words " infectious diseases," and to sub- 
stitute for them the word " sickness;" and then 
the proviso will read: 
That the Secretary of the 'I'reasury be, and he hereby is, 
authorized, in cases of sickness, to make such regulation 
for their relief as he deezns expedient. 
I trust that the pending amendment will meet 
with the sanction of the committee. 
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, 1 am opposed 
to the retention of any part of the proviso; am 
opposed to the whole of it; and I vv'ill vote for the 
motion of the gentlernan from Illinois [Mr. WASH- 
BURNE] to strike it out. The dbject of the Com- 
mittee of Ways and Means woutd seen-I to be to 
abolish the existing system, and to substitute for 
it a discretionary power, to be conferred upon the 
Secretary of the Treasury. I think that such a 
It will inaugurate a system of 
chance is wron'Y. 
contracts; and if the new system be badly man- 
aged, a favoritism worse than any and all of the 
evils which may be imagined to exist under the 
It Xtvill allow the Secretary of 
present. •system. 
the Treasury to provide onc system for taking 
care of the szck and disabled seamen in one local- 
ity, and an entirely different system in another 
locality. In that way the system now in force 
under the law would be entirely destroyed. The 
proviso substitutes a discretion, not only incon- 
venient to the Department, but which, in my judg- 
ment, is wrong in principle. 
If there be anything in the present system tend- 
inw to abuse, it' be corrected; but do not let us 
abolish the system, and substitute a discretionary 
power which will destroy whatever rules may 
I think 
have been adopted bv the Goverrnncnt. 
that such a course is no remedy for the present 
abuses, whatever they may be. My judgment, 
however, is that the alleged abuses are overstated. 
The marine hospitals are as economically and as 
well managed as any other department of the 
stricken out, will prevail, and that the manage- II 
district, is one of the best managed under the 
I he.pc the proviso will be stricken 
ment of these marine hospitals will be left to ihe I Government. 
same authority to which it has been confided here- 
The question was taken ; and the amendment to 
If there are corruptions or abuses or mis- 
tofore. 
the amendment was disagreed to. 
rnaaaqren-uent in them, appoint your commission, 
as the gentleman from Pen nsylvania [Mr. Mc- Mr. QÜARLES. I move to amend, bv insert- 
KNIGIIT] proposes, and inquire into them, and ing the words" or to sell after the pent." 
Mr Chairman, I was on the committee which 
then devise some remedy to correct them. 
examined into this question at the last session of 
The question being on Mr. MORRILL'S amend- 
ment, it was withdrawn. 
Mr. NIXON. I. move to amend the proviso 
by striking out these words: 
To rent either 01' the several marine hospitals to the 
proper authorities of tbc cities, towns, or counties in which 
said hospitals are located, and contract with such authori- 
ties the relief of the sick and disabled seatnen entitled 
to relief' under the. act of 3d of May, 1802, and." 
So that tho proviso will then read: 
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby 
anthorizcd, in cases of infectious diseases, to make such 
regulations for their relief as hc dccms expedient." 
Mr. Chairman, I offer the amendEnent in good 
faith, and I trust that it will meet with the appro- 
It will relieve us, for the 
batiou of the House. 
present, of the consideration of the propriety of 
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to rent 
these. hospitals, while at the same time it will 
correct an evil which all now complain of as ex- 
istincr in the present system. These marine hos- 
pitals, a great man v cases, do not 1110 w afford 
proper security for taking care of sick •and disa 
bled seamen, By adopti1V my amendment, dis- 
crction be conferred upon the Secretary of 
the Treasury in cases where 'seamen are sick at 
places remote from any hospital. 
Congress. We found that there have been num- 
berless abuses in the mana«ement ofLhese marine 
hospitals. Some have been located at points 
where they ought not to be, and from which they 
ouo•ht to be Femoved. Look, for instance, at the 
one at Napoleon, Arkansas; who would think of 
sending a sick rnan there who could be sent any- 
where else—to a ptacc, indeed, surrounded by 
swamps which engender fever. Un\ess you ena- 
ble the Secretary of the Treasury to rent or sell 
these buildings, the sick rnust be carried there. 
The gentleman fu•orn Kentucky [Mr. BURNETT 
seems to think that this is o. new thing. The gen- 
tlcman from the Louisville district [Mr. MALLORY] 
thought it was something simi\ar to a transfer of 
forts and arsenals. Tennessee. with two rivers 
with a of eight hundred miles, has not 
a marine hospital within its borders. The city of 
Nashville takes care of sick and disabled seamen 
coming there. Yet gentlemen seem to think it is 
a great hardship when we say there are abuses in 
- t the marine hospital system. *The gendeman from 
Connecticut [Mr. L00M1s] in his report at the last 
session ofCongrcss, specified some of these abuses. 
They are palpable and susceptible of proof, and 
yet gentlemen are found here resisting them. 1 
believe, on the contrary; that. the Committee of 
Ways and Means have taken a stepin the ifight 
direction.. Let these abuses becOrröOted.-- "Let 
the Secretary of the Treasury be invested;with a 
discretionary power. Lét that be done, and- .wé 
will then cure the defects of the presentsystem. 
The amendment to the amendment-was i•ejecled.. 
The. question recurred on Mr. WÅSHBURNÉ'S 
motion to strike (jut the proviso. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is an 
important question; and I demand tellers. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. MÅL'LORY 
and SPINNER were appointed. 
The question was taken the motion was 
agreed to; the tellers having reported—ayes 66, 
noes 63. 
Mr. HARDEMAN moved that the committee 
rise. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having 
resumed the chail', Mr. BvnfETT reported that 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union had, according to orde-rj had the Union 
generally under consideration, and particUlårly 
House bill No. 895, making appropriationS for 
sundry civil expenses of the Government for thé 
year ending June 30, 1862, and had come to no 
conclusion thereon. 
RINGGOLD'S SURVEYS. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I ask the 
unanimous consent of the House for leave to re- 
port back from the Committee on Commerce, 
estimates of the cost of preparing for publication 
Ringgold's surveys, and to move that they be 
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. 
There was no objection, and it was so ordered. 
HARPER'S FERRY, FORTS, AND ARSENALS. 
Mr. LEAK E. I ask the unanimous consent 
of the House for leave to submit the following 
resolution : 
Resolved, That the committee of five, to whom the spe- 
Cial message of tbe President or the United States was 
referred with certain instructions, be instructed also to 
inquire whether any of' the arms of the United States at 
Harper's Ferry have been removed, or ordered to bc re- 
moved, from thgt place to Pittsburg, or other points; and if 
so, by whose order, and for what reason, 
Mr. GROW. I will objet't to the resolution 
unless it provides for a like inquiry with referencc 
to all the forts and arsenals. 
Mr. LEAKE. no objection to that. 
Let us hear why the arms have been removed to 
I want 
Pittsburg, in the gentleman 's own State. 
to know why these things have been done, and 
under whose authority. 
Mr. GROW. I make no objection, if the reso- 
lution includes all the arsenals. 
The resolution, as modified, was adopted. 
PHILADELPHIA ON CRITTENDEN COMPROMISE. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. 1 ask 
to present memorials of citizens of Philadelphia, 
numerously signed by- men of all parties, praying 
for the passage of thc Crittenden compromise; 
and move that it be referred to the select commit. 
tee of thirty-three. 
'I'here was no objection, and it was so ordered. 
TUE PRESIDENT'S SPECIAL MESSAGE. 
Mr. BURNETT. There was no motion made 
this morning for•the printing of the President's 
message. I now make that motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
CRISIS MEETING IN NORTH CAROLINA. 
I ask the 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. 
unanimous consent of the House for leave to sub- 
mit the proceedings ofa meeting held in -Winston, 
Forsyth county, North Carolina, to consider the 
existinff condition of the country, and to move 
that they be referred to the select committee of 
thirty-three. 
There was no objection, and it was so ordered. 
MILITIA OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. 
Mr. STANTON. I ask unanimous consent for 
leave to take from the Calendar a bill for the reor- 
ganization of the militia of,lhis District. 
Mr. BRANCH moved that the House adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at 
five minutes past four o'clock2 p. m.) the House 
adjourned. 
