1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
307 
portion of the people of a State; and why might 
he not as •veil have used it against the whole 
State? Let •rne tell that Senator that the case of 
General Washington has no application, as he 
It was a case of insurrection within 
supposes. 
the State of Pennsylvania; and the very message 
from which he read communicated the fact that 
Governor Miffin thought it necessary to call the 
militia of adjoining States to aid him.. President 
Washington coöperated with Governor Miffin; 
he called the militia of adjoining States to CQöp- 
erate with those of Pennsylvania. He used the 
militia, not as a standing army. It was by the 
consent of the Governor; it •was by his advice. It 
was not the invasion of the State; it was not the 
coercion of the State; but it was aiding the State 
to put down insurrection, and in the very manner 
provided for in the Constitution itself. 
But, I ask again, what power has the Presi- 
dent to use the Army and the Navy except to 
execute process? Are we to have drum-head 
courts substituted for those which the Constitu- 
tion and laws provide? Are we to have sergeants 
sent over the land instead of civil magistrates ? 
Not so thought the elder Adams; and here, in 
passing, 1 will pay him a•.tribute he deserves, as 
the one to whom, morc than any other man amona• 
the early founders of this Government, credit is 
due for the military principles which prevail in its 
organizat.ion. Associated x.vith Mr. Jefferson ori- 
ginally, in preparing the rules and articles of war, 
Mr. Adarns reverted through the long pages of 
history back to the empire of Rome, and drew 
from that foundation the very rules and articles 
of which govern in our country to-day, and 
drew them thence because he said they had brought 
two nations to the pinnacle of glory—referring to 
the Romans and the Britons, whose military law 
was borrowed from them. Mr. Adams, how- 
ever, when an insurrecti01'i occurred in the same 
State of Pennsylvania, not only relied upon the 
militia, but his orders, through Secretary Mc- 
Henry, required that the. militia of the vicinage 
should be empioyed; and, though he did order 
mounted troops from Philadelphia, he required 
the militia of the northern counties to be employed 
as long as they were ubie to execute the laws; 
and the orders given to Colonel McPherson , then 
in New Jersey, were, that Federal troops should 
not go across the Jersey line except in the last 
say, then, when we tracc our history 
resort. 
to its early foundation, under the first two Presi- 
dents of the United States, we find that this idea of 
using the Army and the Navy to execute the laws 
at the discretion of the President, was onc not 
even entertained, still less acted upon, in any case. 
Then, Senators, we are brought to consider 
passinff events. A little garrison in the harbor 
data on which I based those resolutions. 
1 then 
invoked the attention of the Senate in that form 
to the question ns to whether garrisons should be 
kept within a State against the consent of that 
State. Clear was I then, as I am now, in my 
conclusion. No garrison should be kept within 
a State during a time of peace, if the State be- 
lieves the presence of thatgarrison to be either 
offensive or dangerous. Our Army is maintained 
for common defense; our forts are built out of the 
common Treasury, to which every State contrib- 
utes; and they are perverted from the purpose for 
which they were erected whenever they are gar- 
risoned With a view to threaten, to intimidate, or 
to control a State in any respect. 
Yet we are told this is no purpose to coerce a 
State; we are told that the power does not exist 
to coerce a State; but the Senator from Tennessee 
[Mr. JOHNSON] says it is only a power to coerce 
individuals; and the Senator from Ohio [Mr. 
WADE] seems to look upon this latter power as 
a very harmless power in the hands of the Presi- 
dent, though such coercion would be to destroy 
the State. What is a State? Is it land and houses? 
Is it taxable property? Is it the organization of 
thelocal government? Or is it all these combined, 
with the people who possess them? Dost.roy the 
people, and yet not make war upon the State! To 
state the proposition is to answer it, by reason of 
its very absurdity. It is like making desolation, 
and calling it peace. 
There being, as it is admitted on every hand, 
no power to coerce a State, I ask what is the use 
ofa garrison within a State where it needs no dc- 
fense? The answer from every candid mind n ust 
be, there is none. The answer from every pa •i- 
otic breast must be, peace requires, under.all su 
circumstances, that the garrison should be wit - 
drawn. Let the Senate to-day, as the respons- 
ibility is thrown at our door, pass those resolu- 
I tions, or others which better express the idea 
contained in them, and you have taken one long 
step towards peace, onc long stride towards the 
preservation of the Government of our fathers. 
The President's message of December, how- 
ever, had all the characteristics of a diplomatic 
paper, for diplornacy is said to abhor certaintv, 
as nature abhors a vacuurn; and it was not wit.lnn 
the power of man to reach any fixed conclusion 
from that messa«e. When the country was agi- 
tated, when opinions were being formed, when 
we are drifting beyond the power ever to return, 
this was not what we had a right to expect from 
the Chief Magistrate. One policy or the other 
If a federalist, if believ- 
he ought to have taken . 
this to be Government of force, 
it to be, a consolidated rnass and not a confedera- 
tion of States, he should have éaid: no State has 
of Charleston now occupies n post which, I am a right to secede; every State is subordinate to 
sorry to say, it gained by the perfidious breach of II 
the Federal Government, and thc Federal Gov- 
an understanding bet',veen the parties concerned; 
and here, that I may do iustice -to one who had 
not the power on this floor, at least, to right him- 
self—who has no friend here to represent him 
—let 
me say that remark does not apply to Major An- 
derson; for hotd that, though his orders were 
not so designed, as I am assured, they did em- 
power him to go from one post to another, and 
to take his choice of the posts in the harbor of 
Charleston; but, in so doing, he committed an act 
of hostility. When he Fort Moultrie, 
when he burned the carria«res and spiked the guns 
bearing upon Fort Sumter, he put Carolina in the 
attitude• of an enemy of the United States; and 
yet he has not shown any just cause for appre- 
hension. Vague rumors had reached him—and 
causeless fear seems now to be the impelling mo- 
uve of every public act—vague rumors of an in- 
tention to take Fort Moultrie. But, sir, a soldier 
should be confronted by an overpowering force 
before he spikes his guns and burns his cart•iames. 
A soldiershould be confronted by a public enemy 
before he destroys the property of the United 
States lest it should fall into the hands of such 
an enemy. Was that fort built to make war upon 
Carolina? Was an armament put into it for such 
ernmcnt must empower me with physical means 
to reduce to subjugation the State assertin«r such 
If not, if a State-rights man and a Dem- 
ocrat—as for many years it has been my pride to 
acknowledge our venerable Chief Magistrate to be 
—then another line of policy should have been 
taken. The Constitution gave no power to the Fed- 
eral Government to coerce a State; the Constitu- 
tion gave an army for the purposes of common de- 
fense, and to preserve domestic tranquillity; but 
the Constitut.ion never contemplated using that 
army against a State. A State exercising the 
sovereig:n function of secession is beyond the 
reach of the Federal Government, unless we woo 
her with the voice of fraternity, and bring her back 
to the enticements of affection. One policy or 
the other should have been taken; and it is not 
for rne to say which, though my opinion is well 
known; but one policy or the other should have 
bccn pursued. He should have brought his 
opinion to one conclusion or another, and to-day 
our country would have been safer than it is. 
I What is the message before us? I)oes it ben- 
efit the case? Is there a solution offered here? 
We are informed in it of propositions made by 
commissioners from South Carolina. MI e are 
a purpose? Or was it built for the protection OF not informed even as to how they terminated. 
it, and made war upon when the inhabitants 
of a Territory disgraced -byv institutions Offensive 
to the law of every' State of the Union •held thig 
attitude of rebellion; when the, Executive. there 
had poxver to use troops, he first ,sent$dommis-o 
sioners of peace to win, them back to their duty. 
When South Carolina, a sovereign State, resumes 
the grants she had delegated; when South.Cåro- 
lina stands in an altitude which threatens within 
a short period toinvo]ve the country in a civil war, 
unless the policy of the Government be changéd 
—no suggrestion is made to us that this Govern- 
ment mig%t send commissioners to her; no sugges- 
tion is made to us that béttér information should 
be sought; there is no policy ofpeace, but we are 
told the Army and the Navy are in the hands of 
the President of the United States, to be used 
against those who assail the power of the Federal 
Government. 
Then, my friends, are we to allow events to 
•drift onward to this fatal consummation? Are we 
to do nothing to restore peace? Shall we not, in 
addition to the proposition I have already made, 
to withdraw the forcc which complicateä the ques- 
tion, send conomissioners there in order that -we 
may learn what this community desire, what this 
community will do, and put the two Governments 
upon friendly relations? 
I will not weary the Senate by going over the 
argument of coercion. My friend from Ohio, 
[Mr. PUGH,] I may say, has exhausted the sub- 
I thank him, because it came appropriately 
from one nol identified by his position with South 
Carolina. It came more effectively from him than 
it wou\d have done from me, had I (as I have 
not) a power to present it as forcibly as he has 
done. Sirs, let me say, among the painful reflec- 
tions which have crowded upon me by day and 
by night, none have weighed more heavily upon 
my heart than the reflection that our' separation 
severs the ties which have so long bound us to 
our northern friends, of whom we are glad to 
recognize the Senator as a type. 
Now let us rcturn a moment to consider what 
would have been the state of the case if the gar- 
rison at Charleston had been withdrawn. 
fort would have stood there—not dismantled, but 
unocc•pied. It would have stood there in the 
hands of an ordnance sergeant. Commissioners 
would have come to treat of all questions with 
the Federal Government, of these forts as well as 
others. 'They would have remained there to an- 
swer the ends for which they were constructed— 
If South Carolina was an 
the ends of defeF)sc. 
independent State, then shc might hold to us such 
a relation as Rhode Island held the dissolution 
of the Confederation and before the formation 
of the Union, when Rhode Island appealed to 
the sympathies existing between the States con- 
nected in the struggles of the Revolution, and 
asked that a commerciai war sliould not bc waged 
upon her. T Ilese forts would have stood there 
then to cover thc harbor of a friendly State; and 
if the feeling which once existed among thc peo- 
ple of the States had subsisted still, and that fort 
had been attacked, brave men from every section 
would have rushed to the rescue, and there im- 
periled their lives in the defense of a State iden- 
tified with thcir early history, and still associated 
in their breasts with affection; and the first act of 
this time would have bcen one appealing to every 
generous motive of those people again to recon- 
sider the question of how we could live togcther, 
and through that bloody ordeal to have brought 
us into the position in which our fathers left us. 
There could have been no collision; there. could 
have been no question of property which that 
If it was ques- 
Stat.e was not ready to meet. 
tion of dollars and cents, they came here to adjust 
If it was a question of covering an interior 
it. 
In whatever 
State, their interests were identical. 
way the question could have been presented, the 
consequence would have been to relieve the Gov- 
ernment of the charge of maintaining the fort, and 
to throw it upon the State which had resolved to 
I be independent. 
Thus we see that no evil could have resulted. 
We have yet to kearn what evil the opposite policy 
Charlcscon harbor; and was it armed to make No countervailing proposition is presented; no 
If so, what right had suggestion is made. We are left drifting loosely, may bring. Telegraphic intelligence, by the man 
that protection complete ? 
who occupied the scat on the right of me in the 
any soldier to destroy that armament lest it should without chart or connpass. 
'There is, in our recent history, however, an old Chamber, was never relied on. He was the 
Some time since I presented to the Senate res- event. which might have suggested a policy to be wisest noan i ever man whose prophetic 
vis:on foretold all the trials through which we are 
olutions which embodied my views upon this II pursued. When foreigners, having no citizen- 
subject, drawing from the Constitution itself the II ship within the United Slates, declared war affainst now passina; whose clear intellect elaborating 
