rn country of opulous cities, of manufacturing 
towns,• where opulation is gatliered from the 
country into towns and villages, the torch and 
sword carrdo their work with dreadful havoc, and 
starving inillions would wccp at the stupidity of 
those who had precipitated them. into so sad a 
policy. 
We do not desire these things. We seek not 
the injury, of any one. We seek not to disturb 
your prosperity. 'We, at least to a great extent, 
have from time to time looked to our agricultural 
labor as that to which we prefer to adhere. We 
have seen, in tho diversity of üe occupations of 
the States, the bond of Union. We have rejoiced 
in your prosperity. We have sent you our sta- 
ples, and purchased your manufactured articles. 
We have used your ships for the purpose of trans- 
port and navigation. We have gloried in the ex- 
tension of American commerce everywhere; have 
felt proud as yourselves in every achievement you 
made in art; on every sea that you carried your 
flag in regions to which it had hitherto not been 
borne; and, if we must leave you, we can Icavc 
you still with the good-will which would prefer 
that your prosperity should continue. I f we must 
part, I say we can put our relations upon tl')at 
basis wbich will give you the advantage of a 
favored trade with us, and still make the inter- 
course mutually beneficial to each other. 
If you 
wili- not, then it is an issue from which we will 
not shrink; for, between oppression and freedom, 
between the maintenance of right and submissron 
to power, we will invoke the God of battles, and 
meet our fate, whatever it may be. 
I was reading, a short tirne ago, an extract 
from the speech of the Senator frorn Tennessee 
which referred to the time when ' 
pose t.ake the position 
which it was said to be an absurdity for South 
Carolinn to hold. How can the change of narnps 
thus affect the question; and who is to judge in 
tho case? Tennessee still was put, 
ill the same 
spcech, in the attitude ofa great objector ocrainst 
the exercise of right of secession. 
Is there 
anything in her history which thus places her? 
Tennessee, born of secession, rocked in the cra- 
die of revolution, t.aking her position bcfore she 
was matured, and clain)ing to be n State bccause 
she had vioiently severed her con nection with 
North Carolina, and throuoh an act of secession 
and revolution, claimed to %ave become a State. 
I honor her for it. I honor the gallant old Sevier 
rights of which Norlh Caro- 
lina attempted to deprive hirn, and i admire the 
talent which made recruits from every army which 
was sent to subdue him. Washington and Jack- 
son-, too, are often presented as authority against 
it4Vashington, who led the army of the Revo- 
lution; Washington, whose reputation rests upon 
the fact that with the sword he cut the cord which 
bound the Colonies to Great Britain, they not 
having the justification of the sovereign attributes 
belongintr to States; Washington, who presided 
when the States seceded fron•i the Confederation, 
and ibrmed the Union , in disregard of the claims of 
the States not ngrecing to it; and -Jackson , glorious 
old soldier, who, in his mirroi•ity, upon the sacred 
soil of South Curolina, bled fin• the cause of revolu- 
tion and Lhc overthrow of a Government which he 
believed to bc oppressive; who, through his whole 
life, indicated the same cast of character, st.anding 
in an attitude which to-day would bc called re- 
bellion and treason, when hc opposed the Federal 
Government, denied their power, contemne&their 
orders to disband his troops, threatened to put 
any offcer in irons who camc into his camp to 
recruit, and marched his force, the Tennessee 
militia, back from Washington in Mississippi, to 
the place whence they hadstarted. Bad authorities 
are these for out opponents; yet they are names 
under the shadow of which we can safely repose ! 
If we were reduced to arguing the question on 
the ground of cxpediency; if we had to convince 
the dominant section that it was good for them 
that their best customers should leave them; if 
we had to convince them that they should not 
any longer have the power to tax us, that they 
should not collect the revenue which fills the 
'Treasury and builds up their vast public works, 
fear we should not succeed; but if they are sin- 
cerc in bclicving that are of no advantage to 
them; if they look upon the southern States as a 
burden; if they think we rc,quire their protection, 
then we are ready to relieve them. 
310 
not be adrninistercd in a departure from those prin- wonderful, surpassing thal which the solar sys- 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 10, 
The question which now presents itself to the 
country is, what shall we do with events as they 
stand? Shall we allow this separation to be total ? 
Shall we render it peaceful, with, a view to the 
chance that when hunger shall brighten tho intel- 
lects of men, and the teachings of hard experience 
shali have tamed them, they may come back, 
in the spirit of our fathers, to the task of recon- 
struction? Ot• will tlvy have that separation par- 
tial; they give to each State all its military 
power; will they give to each State its revenue 
power; will they still preserve the common agent; 
and will they thus carry on a Goverrnnent differ- 
ent from that which now exists, yet not separat- 
ing the Statcs so entirely as to make the work of 
reconstruction equal to a new creation; not sep- 
arating them so as to render it utterly impossible 
to administer any functions of the Government 
in security and peace ? 
waive the question of duality, considering 
that a dual Executive would be the institution ofa 
king-lord. I consider a dual legislative depart- 
ment would be to bring into antagonism the rep- 
resentatives of two different countries, to war per- 
pctually, and thus to continue, not union, but the 
irrepressible conflict. There is no duality pos- 
Eible (unless there be two Confederacies) which 
seems to me consistent with the interests of either 
or of both. 
It miffht be that two Confederacies 
could bc so organized as to answer jointly many 
of the ends of our present Union; it might be thät 
States, agreeing with each other in their internal 
polity—havino• a sinhilarily of interests and an 
Identity of purpose—in igh t associate together; and 
that these two Confederacies might have relations 
to cach other so close as to give them a united 
power in time of war against any foreicrn nation. 
'L'hesc things are possibilities; these things it be- 
comes us to contemplate; these things it devolves 
on the majority section to consider now; for with 
every motion of that cloek is away your 
opportunity. I I was ffreatel' whcn we met on ibe 
first Monday in Decenlber than it is now; it is 
greater now than it will bc on the first day ot' ncxt 
week. We havc waitcd long; we have come to the 
conclusion that you moan to do nothing. 
In the 
of thirteen, whcre thc resolutions of 
the Scnatot• from Kentucky [Mr. CRITTENDEN] 
were considered, various attempts were made, but 
no prospect of' any a(rreemetlt on which it was pos- 
Sible for us to stnnd , in security t•or tho futu .•e, could 
be matured. I offered a proposition, which was 
but the declaratiön of that which the Constitu tion 
announces; but that which the Supreme Court 
had, from time to time, and from an early period, 
asserted; but that v,'hich was necessary for equal- 
ity in the Union. Not one singlc vote of the Re- 
publicall portion of that committee was given for 
the proposition. 
Looking then upon separation as inevitable, 
not knowing how that separation is to occur, or 
at least what States it is to embrace, there re- 
mains to us, I believe, RS the consideration svhich 
is most useful, the inquiry , how can this separation 
be effected so as to leave to us thc power, when- 
to the southern States will be mainly to their for- 
eicrn commerce. All will feel the deprivation of 
that high pride and power which belong to the 
flag now representing the greatest Republic, it' not 
the greatest Government, upon thc face of the 
globe. I would that it s'. ill rcnuained to consider 
what we might calmly have considered on the 
first Monday in December—how this could be 
avoided; but events have rolled past that point. 
You would not make propositions when they 
would have been effective. 
I presume you will 
not make them now; and I know not what effect 
they would have if you did. Your propositions 
would have been most welcome if' they had been 
made before any question of coercion, and before 
any vain boasting of pox.ver•, for pride and passion 
. do not often take counsel of pecuniary interest, 
at least among those whom I represent. Ent you 
havo chosen to take the policy of clinging to 
words, in disregard of cvel')ts, and have hastened 
It is true, as shown by the his- 
them onwards. 
tory of all revolutions, that they arc most precip- 
itated„ and intensified by obstinacy and vacilla- 
tion. T hc want of a policy, the obstinate adhe- 
rence to unhuportant. things, have brought us to 
a condition where I close my eyes, bccausc I can- 
not sce anytl'ling that encourao•es mo to hope. 
In the long period which elapsed after the down- 
fall of the great. Republics of the East, when des- 
potism seemed to brood over the civilized world, 
and only here and there constitutional monarchy 
even vvas able to rear its head; when all the great 
principles of republican and representative gov- 
ernment had sunk deep, fathomless, into the sea 
of human events; it was then that the storm of our 
Revolution moved the waters. The earth, the air, 
and the sea, became brilliant; and from the foam 
of ages rose the constellation which was set in the 
political firmament as siffn of unity and confed- 
eration and community independence, coexistent 
with confederate st.rcngth. That constellation I-las 
served to bless our people. Nay, more; its light 
has been thrown on foreign lands, and its regen- 
crative power will outlive, perhaps, the Govern- 
ment as a sign for which it was set. 
It rnay bc 
pardoned to mc, sir, who, in my boylk00d, was 
giver) to thc military service, and who have fol- 
lowed under tropical suns, and over northern 
snows, the flao• of Ille Union, suffering from it as 
it does not. become me to speak it, if f here express 
the deep sorrow which always overwhelms me 
when I think of takink a last leave of that object 
i of early affection and proud association, feeling 
that henceforth it is not to be the banner which, 
by day and by night, I am ready to follow, to hail 
with the rising and bless with the sctting sun. But 
God, who knows the hearts of men, will 
between you and as, at whose door lies the respons- 
ibility of this. Men will see the efforts i have made, 
here and clsewhcre•, that I have been silent Sly' hen 
words would not avail, and have curbed an impa- 
lieut ten) per, and hoped that conciliatory counsels 
might do that which I kl'lew could not be efbcted 
by-harsh means. And yet the only response which 
has come froin the other side has been a stolid 
ever we shall have the will, to reconstruct? It indifference, as though it mattered not, " 
let the 
can only be done by adopting a policy of peace. 
Sirs, remember 
temple fall, we do not care." 
It can only be done by denying to the Federal 
It can .only be 
Government all power to corece. 
done by returninry to the point fron) which wc 
" TLis is a Government of 
started, and saying, 
fraternity, a Government of consent; and it shall 
I do not regard the failure of our constitutional 
Union, as very many do, to be the failure of self- 
government; to be conclusive in all future time of 
the unfitness of inan to govern himself. Oar State 
I that such conduct is oflOnsive, and that men may 
becotne indifferent even to the objects of' their 
early attachmcnfs. 
If our Government shall fail, it will not be the 
defect of the sy stern, though its mechal')ism was 
tem furnishes our contemplation; for it had 
had no center of gravitation; each planet was set 
to revolve in an orbit of its own, each moving by 
its own ilnpulse, and all attracted by the affec- 
tions which countervailed each other. It has been 
rrovermnents havc charge of nearly all the relations the perversion of thc Constitution; it has been the 
of person and property. This Federal Govcrnment substitution of theories of rnorals for principles of 
was instituted mainly as common armcnt for for- government; it has been fbrcirv crude opinions 
ei«yn purposes, for free trade among the States, about things not understood upon the domestic 
arid for common defense. 
Representative liberty •institutions of other men, which has disturbed 
will remain in the States after they are separated. 
these planets in their orbit; it is this which threat- 
Liberty was not crushed by the separation of the ens to destroy the constellation which, in its power 
colonics from the mother country, then the most and its glory, had been gatheringoneafteranother, 
constitutional monarchy and the freest Govern- until, from thirteen, it had risen to thirty-three 
men known. Still less will liberty be destroyed by stars. 
the separation ofthese States to prevent the destruc- 
If v„'e accept the arcrumcnt of to-day in favor of 
tion of the spirit of the Constitution by the malad- i! coercion as the theory of our Government, its 
ministration of it. There will be injury—injury to only witl be to precipitate men who have 
ail; differing in degree, differing in manner. 
The pride an.d self-reliance into the assertion of the 
injury to the manufacturing and navicyating States freedom and independence to which they were 
will be to their internal prosperity. The injury born. Our fathers would never have entered into 
