312 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 10, 
,tiqn of M!. Lincoln. It may bé source of gratifi- 
•5 eatipn:to some gentlemen that their friend is elected ; 
bust no individual had the power. to produce the ex- 
istingstate of things. It was the purpose, the end; 
it was the declaration by himself and his friends, 
. which constitute the necessity of providing new 
safeguards for ourselves. - The man was nothing, 
saye as he was representative of opinions, of I 
a -policy, of purposes, of power, to inflict upon 
us those wrongs to which freemenÄ never tamely 
su>mit. 
Sen-acors,-l have spoken longer than I desifed. 
I. had. supposed it w.as possible, avoiding arou- 
ment and not citing authority, to have made to 
you a briefiaddress. 
It was thought useless to 
argue a question which now belongs to the past. 
The time is near at hand when the places which 
have known us as colleagues laboring togcther, 
can •know us in that relation no morc forever. 
I 
have striven to avert the catastrophe which now 
impends over the country, unsuccessfully; and I 
regret it. For the few days which I may remain, 
I am willing to labor in order that that catastrophe 
shall be as little as possible destructive to public 
peace and prosperity. If you desire at this last 
moment to avert civil •q,var, so be it; it is better so. 
If you will butallowus to separate from you peace- 
ably, since we cannot live peaceably together, to 
leave with the rights we had before we were united, 
since we cannotenjoy them in the Union , then there 
are many relations which may still subsist bc- 
tween -us, drawn from the associations of our 
struogies from the revolutionary era to the pres- 
ent ay, which may be beneficial to you as well 
as to us. 
If you will not have it thus; if in the pride of 
power, if in contempt of reason and reliance upon 
force, you say wc shall not go, but shall remain 
as subjects to you , then, gentlerncn ofthc North,a 
war is to be inaugurated the like of which men have 
not seen. Sufficiently numerous on both sides, in 
close contact with only imaginary lines of di vision , 
and with many Incans of approach, cach st.tstaincd 
by productive sections, the people of which will 
give freely both of money arid of store, the con- 
flicts must be multiplicd indefinitely; and Inassos 
of men, sacrificed to the demon of civil war, will 
furnish hecatombs, such as the recent campaign in 
Italy did not offer. At thecnd of all this, what will 
you have efli.•cted? Destruction upon both sides; 
subjugation upon neither; a treaty of peacc leavilp 
both torn and bkeeding; the wail of tine widow and 
the cry of the orphan substituted for those peace- 
ful notes of domestic happiness that now prevail 
throughout the land; and then you will agree that 
each is to pursue bis separate course as best he 
may. Tins is to be the end of wttf. Through a 
long series of years you may waste your strength , 
distress your people, and get at last to the posi- 
tion which you might have had at first, had jus- 
ticc and reason , instead of selfish ness and passion , 
folly and crime, dictated your course. 
Is there wisdom, is there patriotistn in the land ? 
If so, easy must be the solution of this question. 
If%not, then Mississippi 's gallant sons vs'ill stand 
manifestations which did not exist. In one case, I 
.well remember when the Senator from Vermont 
[Mr. COLLAMER] was serving with me on a spe- 
Cial committee, it was reported that a gentleman 
who had gone from a commercial house in New 
York had been inhumanly treated at Vicksburg, I 
and this embarrassed a question which we then 
had pending. 
I wrote to Vicksburg for informa- 
tion, and my friends could not learn that such a 
lilan hud ever been there; but if he had been 
there, no violence certainly had been offered to 
him. Falsehood and suspicion have thus lcd you 
on step by step in the career ofcrimination , and per- 
haps has induced to some part of your aggression. 
Such evil effects we have heretofore suffered, and 
the consequences now have their fatal culmina- 
tion. On the verge of war, distrust and passion 
increase thc danger. To-day it is in the power 
of two bad mcn, at the opposite ends of the telc- 
graphic line between Washington and Charleston, 
to precipitate the State of South Carolina and the 
United States into a conflict of arms without other 
cause to have produced it. 
And still will you hesitate; still will you do 
nothing? Will you sit I,vith sublime indifferencc 
and allow cvents to shape themselves? No longer 
can you say the ra€ponsibikity is upon the Exec- 
utive. He has it upon you. He has noti- 
fied you that he can dt nothing; and you there- 
like a wall of fire around their State, and I go 
hence, not in hostility to you, but in love and i 
forc know he will do nothing. He lias told you 
the responsibility nox,v rests with Congress; and 
I close as. I began, by invoking you to meet that 
responsibility, bravely to act the patriot's part. 
If you will, the angel of peacc may spread hcr 
wings, though it be over divided States; and the 
sons of the sires of the Revolution may still go 
on in friendly intercourse with each other, ever 
renewing tho memories of a common origin, the 
sections, by thc diversity of their products and 
habits, acting and reacting beneficially, the com- 
mercc of each moy swell the prosperity of both, 
and the happiness of all be still interwoven lo- 
gcthcr. Thus nnty it be; and thus it is in your 
power to inake it. 
[Applause in the galleries.] 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER 
in the chair.) rl"he Sergeant-at-A.rms will take 
care to remove disorderly persons in the gallery. 
Order *nust bc preserved. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it has 
very hard for me, and I doubt not my Republi- 
can associates around to bear the many mis- 
apprehensions, not to say misstatements, of our 
position, and to sce a perverted state of facts day 
after day urged upon the Senate and the country 
by gentlemen upon the other side. -w c havc 
listened to the Senator from Mississippi; and one 
would suppose, in listening to Irim here, that he 
was friend of II-lis Union, 
that he desired the 
perpetuity of this Government. He has a most 
singular way of preservin«r it, and a most singu- 
lar way of Inuintaininrr 
thc Constitution. What 
is it? Why, he proposes that the Government 
should abdicate. 
If it will sirnply withdraw its 
' forces froxn Charleston, and abdicate in favor 
either of a mob 01' of Lhc constituted authorities 
of Charleston, we will 
have pc.abe! Ile dreads 
civil war; and he will avoid it by a surrender ! 
He talks as if we Republicans were responsible 
fin• civil war if it ensues. 
If civil war comes, it 
comes from thosc with whom he is acting. Who 
proposes to makc civil war but South Carolina? 
Who proposes to nnake civil war but Mississippi 
allegiance to her, to take my place among hcr 
sons, be it for good or for evil. 
I shall probably never again attempt to ulter 
here the language cither of warn ing or of argument. 
I leave the case in your hands. 
If you solve it not 
before I go, you wilt have still to decide it. To- 
wards you individually, as well as to those whom 
you represent, I would that I had tl')e power now 
to say there shall be peace between us forever. 
would that i had the powet• nosv to say the in- 
tercourse and the commerce l:etween the States, 
if they cannot livc in one Union, shall still bc unin- 
tcrrupted ; that all the sociai relations shall remain 
undisturbed; that the son in Mississippi shall 
visit freely his father in Mainö, and the reverse; 
and that each shall be welcomed when hc gocs to 
the other, not by himself alone, but also by his 
neiæhbors; and that all that kindly intercourse 
which has subsisted between the differcnt sections 
and Alabama and Georgia, seizing, by force of 
urrns, upon the public property of the United 
r l'alk to us of making civil war! You 
States ? 
inautrurate it, and then talk of it as if it came. from 
the friends of the Constitution and the Union. 
Here stands this great Government; here stands 
the U Ilion—a pillår, so to speak, already erected. 
we propose to pull it down? Do we propose 
undermining foundations of the Constitution 
or disturbing the Union? Not at all; but the 
proposition comes from the other sidc. They are 
making war, and modestly ask us to have peace 
by submittillg to what they ask! 
i agree in onc thing with thc Senator from Mis- 
of the Union shall continue to exist. 
It is not sissippi. I agree with hill) that there should havc 
only for the interest of all, but it is my profound- been more decision and more resolution on the 
est wish, my sincerest desire, that such remnant of i part of the Government at thc Ol.ttset. 
If, when 
that which passing away may grace the memory he was secretly informed, as it seems he was long 
ofa glorious, though too brief, existcl)ee. 
ago, that tbc public property of the United States 
Day by day you have becon».e more and more at Charleston was not to be protected; if, at that 
exasperated. False reports have led you to sup- time, he, as a military man, had advised the P WS- 
pose. therc was in our section hostility to you with ident of the United States to Fut the public prop- 
erty at Charleston in a position to- be defended, 
secession would never have made the progress it 
has. But, sir, it seems there was a complicity 
with this thing. It was at Icast to be tolerated. 
Assurances, it was said, were given that the Uni- 
ted States would not protect itself: " Go on, you 
seceding States; gather your strength; the United 
States •will do nothing to protect itself against 
your assaults. " 
Mr. DAVIS. 1 did not hear Senator's re- 
marks. Does he refer to me as havino secret in- 
formation ? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 to the Senator 
from Mississippi as having said he understood 
the pledge was given that the fortifications at 
Charleston were to remain as they were; that 
that pledge was given some time before the com- 
missioners came here, and that they were to re- 
main in that condition until after therc i.vas an 
opportunity to treat. 
Mr. DAVIS. well, sir, since you have got 
through a windy sort of explanation, allow me to 
ask you where said 1 got the information ? 
IVIr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not know that the 
Senator stated where he got it. 
Mr. DAVIS. It was a great pity, then, you 
did not listen; for I think my remark •wras very 
clear: in the papers that were here read yesterday. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the Senator is not 
responsible. 
I am informed by Senators around 
mc, that thc Senator from Mississippi did reinark 
that Senators around him knew of the pledge at 
the time it is said to have. been •ivcn. 
Mr. DAVIS. Five or six Senators knew of the 
agreement to maintain the status then existing. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the point. 
Mr. DAVIS. When I spoke of the assurance, 
however, I referred to the papers which were 
read. If the Senator wants to know whether i 
understood, before those papers were read at the 
desk, that the status should remain, I tell him yes; 
émphatically yes. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to know if 
he understood it before South Carolina seceded, 
or passed her ordinance of secession ? 
Mr. DAVIS. 1 think not, sir. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope not. 
Mr. DAVIS. You hope not! v,7hy? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because 1 should have 
hoped that that Senator would have discounte- 
nanccd any such idea as leaving the Government 
of the United States dcfenseless against the peo- 
ple who were preparing to attack and assail and 
destroy it. 
Mr. DAVIS. Then 1 have to say to the Sen- 
ator, his ideas of honor and my own are very dif- 
ferent•, that I should hold the man to bea scoundrel 
who did not desire to have a garrison withdrawn, 
if he believed that garrison might produce blood- 
shed and could not do good. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. do good; 
and it was the very weakness of the garrison that 
has invited this secession in South Carolina. 
know not whether the rumors circulated about 
the Capitol to-day bc true; whcther thc gallant 
Anderson, in addition to putting himself in Fort 
Sumter, where he could defend himself, has now 
sent a message to Charleston' that has prevented 
an attack upon the succor sent to his relief. I 
know not whether the rumor be true that Major 
Anderson informed the Governor of South Car- 
olina that he would shell the city of Charleston, 
and burn it to the ground, if another gun was 
fired at tbc Star of the 'West; but I understand 
the Star of the MT est has been permitted, after a 
show of attack was made, to cntcr peacefully the 
harbor of Charleston. 
If so, it is by the resolu- 
tion of Major Anderson. The noble conduct of 
that man has saved the shedding of blood 
NIr. GREEN. Let me ask the Senator one ques- 
tion ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does thesen- 
ator from Nlinois give way? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. 
Mr. GREEN. Docs the Senator know—and 
if he does, will he give me the information—on 
what ground there vv•as any just apprehension on 
the part of Major Anderson for the movement he 
made ? 
Mr. Isupposc the 
try knows. 
Mr. GREEN.. I do not want a supposition. I 
'tvant the facts. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. well, sir, the fact, 1 take 
