1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL qLOBE. 
319 
it, is known to that Senator, as well as myself, 
that South Carolina has pretended to assume her 
sovereiffn rights; and it has been publicly talked 
of, that if she is to bc a sovereign State—and he 
knows it as well as I do—she must assert her 
sovereignty over her territorial jurisdiction. 
Mr. GREEN. Let me ask this question: does 
her secession irnply her right to assume jurisdic- 
tion over the whole of her territory? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If she has the right to 
secede, it would; but, in my judgment, her seces- 
Sion amounts to notl'iing. 
Mr. GREEN. All! 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is nothing but rebellion, 
it is nothing but insurrection But not only in 
South Carolina, wherc there was the pretense 
secession to justify the act, which, I think, really 
amounts to nothing, but in Georgia, and in Ala- 
bamu, which have not seceded, wc are told that 
thc bubiic property of the United States has becn 
seized; and tho Senator from Mississippi thinks 
the best way to avoid civil war is for the United 
States to withdraw their forces, to surrender their 
forts, and strike the flag under which he was 
nurtured, and beneath which he has marched so 
often. The stars and stripes have been taken 
down from the United States buildings in the city 
of Charleston, and trampled in the dust, and a 
palmetto flag, with a snake, reared in their place; 
but if we would avoid civil war, we are told, we 
must submit to this! Why, sir, any people can 
have peace at the price of degradation. No despot 
makes war upon subjects who submit their necks 
to the tread of his heel. But if we would main- 
tain constitutional liberty; if we would maintain 
constitutional freedom; if we would maintain this 
great Government; we must not suffer ever fac- 
tion, and every mob, and cvery State, tha links 
proper, to trample its flag under foot. 
Now, sir, I have a word to say, and shall be 
brief, in regard to this doctrine of secession. The 
Senator from Mississippi supposes that a State 
has the right to secede, because he cannot find in 
the Constitution the clause which says t.hat a 
State shall not secede. I believe the Senator from 
Ohio, [Mr. PUGH,] whom the Senator from Missis- 
sippi complimented so highly to-day, made that 
wonderful discovery a few days ago, and he read 
that clause of the Constitution x,vhich declares 
The powers not delegated to the United States by Lite 
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, arc reserved 
to the States respectively, or to the people." 
Now, he says, show us the clause of the Con- 
stitution of the United States that prohibits a State 
If he will look at the Con- 
from withdrawing. 
stitution of the United States hc will find that it 
imposes many inhibitions upon the States: 
No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay 
any 'itnposts or duties on itnports or exports." &c.. 
No State shall. without the colisent_ of Congress," 
" enter into any agreerncnt or compact with 
another State, or with a foreign rower " 
If It can secede, clearly it may enter into an 
twreement or compact, if it is a sovereian inde- 
pendent nation, as the Senator from Mississippi 
contends. Well, it has no power to do this. But 
he will say, after it secedes it may do it. Then 
what is your Constitution good for? If a State, 
by declaring itself out of the Union, can release 
itself from all its constitutional obligations, do you 
not perceive that no constitutional obligation is 
binding upon it at ail? It is only another way of 
Is not here 
evading a constitutional obligation. 
a positive prohibition in this Constitution that no 
State shall exercise these sovereign powers? And 
yet the Senator from Ohio wants to see the clause 
that she shali not secede. YVhy, do you not find 
it here? If she can secede, cannot she exercise 
every onc of them, and is not the power expressly 
granted in the Constitution— 
'l'o make all laws which shall be necessary and proper 
for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and other 
powers vested by this Vonstitution- in the Governtnent ot• 
the United States." 
Now, what power is vested by this Constitu- 
tion? The power to preventa State from coinino• 
money; the power to prevent a State from making 
compacts and entering into alliances with other 
States; the power to preventa State from levying 
imposts or duties; and yet the Senator wants to 
know where is ti'le authority in the Constitution to 
prevent a State from seceding ? 
Sir, it is very clear to my mind that this doc- 
trine of secession is utterly destructive of a con- 
stitutional Government. On the game principlo, 
a county may secede from a State, and a town 
from a county. The Senator from Kentucky 
[Mr. CRITTENDEN] has been talking about com- 
promises, and has introduced a string of resolu- 
tions here. When they are adopted, what is your 
Government good for? What is to prevent the 
State of Illinois next week, or the State of Ken- 
tuck y the following week, from seceding, as South 
Carolina has done, and demanding new guaran- 
tecs as a condition of the. existence' of the Union ? 
By submitting to this doctrine, you destroy the 
stability of the Government. Constitutional Gov- 
• ernments are worth nothing if this doctrine is to 
obtain; and hence it is thai those of us who are 
for sustaining the Constitution and sustaining thc 
Union, believe that thc question involved is the 
existence government. We now 
have nothin• to do with the extension of African 
slavery—that is not the question before the Amer- 
ican people; but the question is, Has this Gov- 
ernmcnt any power to protect itself?" 
In other 
words, have we a Government at all? That is 
what is to be tested. The people of Illinois be- 
lieve we have a Government, and a Government 
that has power to maintain itself, not by making 
civil war, but by enforcing the laws, and defending 
itself against those who would make war upon it. 
But we are told that 'svc cannot coerce a State; 
and this is repeated here from day to day. No 
one proposes to coerce a Statc. Rcfin•ence IS inade 
to the debates in the convention which formed 
the Constitution of the United States, to show that 
it was there argued that the Federal Governmcnt 
I agree to it. Why 
could not coerce a State. 
were those ar(yurnents made? Because, under the 
old Confederation, the Federal Government acted 
upon States; and it was to show the inefficiency 
of that system a.s reason for formincy a more 
perfect union, to get rid of the difficulties of the 
old Conföderation. When, under that system of 
government, Congress made requisitions upon 
States to raise money or to raise Inen, each State 
acted at its discretion. Some States raised the 
money and the men, and thc others did not; and 
there was no way by wl•rich the Congress could 
compel the States to act. This defect in thc old 
Articles of Confederation was pointed out in the 
convention which formed thc present Constitu- 
tion; and hence they adopted a different form of 
Government. Flow different? Why, a Govern- 
ment actin€y upon individuals; a Government un- 
der which the, power should exist to execute the 
laws by thc Government itself upon individuals 
in portions of the Republic; and that is 
the difference between this Govcrnment of ours 
as it exists under the Constitution, and that under 
the old Articles of Confederation. 
But, sir, what is this cause of complaint? Why 
is it that the southern States are inaucruratin«y civil 
I have as nruch horror for it as the Sena- 
tor from Mississippi. I would do anything hon- 
I certainly will not be the 
orablc to avoid it. 
instrument to inaucuratc it. But what is it the 
Senator frmn Mississippi [Mr. DAus] complains 
of? To use his language, hc says, if you are 
to make us hewers of wood and drawers of 
water for you in the North, we will not submit. 
If they are to be reduced to subjection to the 
North, they will not submit. I will not ask them 
to do so. So far as I am concerned, I will ask 
them to submit to nothing that I will not submit 
to myself. f ask to impose no incquality upon 
the State of M.ississippi. 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow 
to 
ask him a question? 
IVIP. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. 
GREEN. It is a very simple one. No 
State, neither Illinois, nor Missouri, nor Missis- 
sippi, can go into a rl'erritory, but the citizens 
Ilia y. Does he accord to each of those citizens 
the same right to take property, and to hold and 
enjoy it there, under the provision of law 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am glad to hear the Sen 
Mr. TRUMBULL. -1 sorry to 
to borrow any from my friend from Missouri. 
Mr. GREEN. -1 have to 
Mr. TRUMBULL. He has discovered, he 
says, that a State cånnot go into a Térriiory•,- an'd 
yet he says a State has a right in a Tefritou•y-. : 
has no right in a Territory. I have stated 4thåt 
once, and I will come to it again by and by. 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President—— 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the fro!mMis- 
souri will keep his seat, I understand him better 
than he understands himself; nnd I will show him 
directly what I understand about the Citizens of a 
State going into a Territory. 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. notun- 
dcrstand me. claim the right to explain myself. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Mis- 
souri will be a little patient, he will find that I 
understand him; and that, I will state his position 
fairly. Let him wait until I get through. 
Mr. GREEN. I am misreprcsented' by the 
Senator from Illinois, and I claim the right to 
explain myself. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Illinois is entitled to tbc floor, unless he 
yields it to the Senator from Missouri. 
Mr. GREEN. The Senator has already mis- 
represented me, and I claim the right to explain. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If 1 have already mis- 
represented the Senator, I will hear his statement. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 did not say State mad no 
right in a Territory. I said a State had a right 
in a Territory because that Territory belonged to 
all the States; but as a State had no right to go 
into a Territory, but the citizens of a State had, 
[ wanted to know whether the citizens of that 
State should all have an equal right to enjoy their 
property undcr the protection of law. 
Mr. 'TRUMBULL. I understood the Senator 
precisely as I understand him now. I understood 
him to say that the State could not go into a Ter- 
ritory; and I anderstand him now to say a State 
has a right in a Territ.orv. Now, I deny that a 
Statc has any right in a *Territory. The Terri* 
tories do not belong to the States; and the States 
have no more to do with the Territories than the 
counties of a State have. The Territories of the 
United States belong just as completely to the 
General Gofernme.nt as if there were no subdi- 
visions of the United Statcs into States. The 
State of Missouri has no more rightin the Terri- 
tory than the city of St. Louis. Docs the Senator 
from Missouri understand that, with all his sense? 
I tell him, that I will give to a citizen of the State 
of Missouri precisely the same righl to go into 
the territory of tbc United States that 1 claim for 
myself or anv constituent of mine. 
Mr. GREÉN. the Senator allow me one 
half minute ? 
Mr. 'TRUMBULL. 1 think understood the 
Jf 1 have misrepresented him, I will 
Senator. 
hear him; but otherwise, 1 prefer to go on and 
expose this fallacy. 
If he declines to 
Mr. GREEN. very well. 
allow me to make an explanation, I will answer 
him at some other time to his heart's content. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Sir, am tired to death 
of this constant cry about the inequality of States. 
The Senator from Oregon—I do not mean the one 
who sits nearest me [Mr. ever 
i makes a speech, that hc docs not speak al)out 
equal ricyhts and the equality of the States; as if 
any man in America denied the equality of the 
i States in this Confederacy. 
I ElaviDR shown, then, that, as a State, no State 
has a rightin the conunon r I'erritories, I now say, 
in regard to individuals, that I will give to thc in- 
dividuals all over this land the same rights to go 
into the Territories of the United States; but I 
will give none of them, frotn rny State or Mis- 
sot.u•i, the right to take the law of Illinois or the 
law of Missouri into the Territories. Ifthe Sen- 
ator from Missouri cannot go into a Territory 
If the Senator 
, - l! with his slaves, neither can l. 
ator from Missouri say that no State has a right I from Missouri cannot go into a Territory with the 
in the rrerritory. I have often argued that. I i i banking system of Missouri, neither can I take 
\ the banks of Illinois in which I am interested into 
agree with him. 
Mr. GREEN. I did not say so. They have a Territory. Noth ing which is the creature Of 
å right, but they cannot go there. A State is a local law can any man take to a Territory. I 
sovereignty, and canno\ go outside of its juris- i { apprehend, sir, there is nothing in this cry Of 
diction; but yet it may have rights, in property inequality in regard cithnr to the States or _to 
We .are all to have the same rights. 
belonffing to all the States; and I am sorry the citizens. 
Senator has not sense enough to understand that But thc Senator froin Kentucky has presented 
a very strangc one; and, as I am 
point. 
