314 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
January 1.0, 
up, .1 will say a few words in regard to that. In 
the speech accompanying it, he speaks of it as 
similar to thc Missouri compromise. A great 
misapprehension is made to prevail in the country 
in reg41•d either to the Missouri gompromise or 
I see it stated in the 
the Senator's propositions. 
newspapers t_hat the Senator from.Kentucky (and 
I am sorry he is not here) proposes to restore the 
Missouri compromise, and, that _that- will- give 
pegee to the country; and we are •asked, now, 
why can.you not assent to the Missouri compro- 
mise? You objected to its repeal, why not re- 
store it? I tell the Senator from Kentucky I will 
agree to the Missouri compromise to-morrow. I 
urn quite willing that you should reénact the Mis- 
so-un compromise justas was, in totidemverbis—in 
the. very words iri which it was enacted in 1820. 
What was it? That in all the territory which we 
acquired from France lying north of 360 30' north 
latitude, and not embraced in the State of Mis- 
souri, heither slavery or involuntary servitude 
I am willing to vote for that 
should ever exist. 
to-morrow if it will be at all gratifying to my 
friend from Kentncky. The cffect of that would 
be, to do what? To exclude slavery from Kansas 
and Nebraska. That is all. That is the Mis- 
souri compromise; and if you want to reenact it, 
I will vote for it; you may copy the words from 
the statute of 1820. 
But, sir, that is a very different proposition 
from-the one ••.vhich the Senator from Kcnt.ucky 
has niade. His proposition is to run a line 
through other territory. That is a different ques- 
tion. Because two individuals who have had a 
dispute about a quarter section of land, have, in 
a spirit of compromise, divided it by a particular 
line of latitude, it does not f0110'„v that they must 
divide all other lands which they may afterwards 
It is 
acquire, by thc same parallel of latitude. 
a very different, question. Thc Senator's propo- 
osition is very different in another respect. The 
Missouri compromise did not establish slavery 
south of the linc of 360 30' north latitude. It said 
It prohibitcd slavery north of 
nothing about it. 
that line. The Senator from Kentucky propos(hs, 
by the Constitution, to recognize and cxtablish 
slavery south of 360 30' That is a very different 
thing from the Missouri compromise. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the Senator allow 
mc a word ? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There was another 
compromise, if you recollect. This territory did 
not belong to the United States at the time of the 
Missouri compromise; but it did belong to the 
United States at the time of the compromise of 
1850. .By the compromise of 1850, a po.wcr was, 
in substan•ce, given to the Letrislature of New 
Mexico to establish slavery, In the exercise of 
that power, she has cstablished it; and it cxists 
thcre now. My resolution only proposes that 
you shall recoo•nizo the oxisling and indisputable 
fact. of its existene,o; and to agsumc that status as 
the status that is to continue until 
it becomes a 
State; and then the peoll)le al'C to decide for them- 
selves. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, why does 
thc Senator from Kentucky want to interfere with 
thc compromises of 1850? They were passed to 
give peace to tluc country. We Republicans arc 
not proposing to disturb them. Why docs he 
not eland by those compromises? Hc says au- 
thority was given to the people of New Mexico, 
undet the compromise of 1850, to establish sla- 
very if they wanted to. Well, authority was given 
them to -repeal the law establishing it if they 
wanted to do so; was it not? Why does the Sen- 
ator from Kentucky want to take away from the 
people New Mexico the power to repeal the 
law establishillg slavery if they think proper to 
do so ? W hiy does he want to overturn the com- 
promise of 1850? The Republican party arc not 
proposing it. 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow mo to 
ask onc question ? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. 
Mr. GREEN. It is this: if the compromise of 
1820 was designed to be fail' and equal; if it pro- 
hibited slavery on onc side of thc line, did it not 
recocnize it on the other; and if it did not, was it 
not unfair and unequal ? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It did not say anything 
about it on the other. 
Mr. GREEN. Did it not rccognize it? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It neither recognized 
prohibited it; and it was not unfair and unequal, 
for this reason: the State of Missouri at that time 
was knocking for admission into the Union, and 
a great controversy then existed as to whether 
Missouri should come into the Union as a slave 
State. That controversy was settled by allowing 
her to come in as a slave State, on condition that 
in the rest of the territory acquired from Louis. 
ianm lying north of 360 30' of north latitude, and 
not einbraced within the limits of Missouri, sla- 
very should never go. That was the contract, 
and that was the contract which was violated in 
1854; which violation has occasioned a great deal 
of the diffculty N.ve have had in the country since 
that time. 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me? 
Up to 1854, I understand (I may bc mistaken; 
and if I am mistaken I am willing to be corrected) 
that the Senator coöperated with me and my party. 
If we restore that compromise in its original terms, 
will hc come back and be with us again? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, Senators 
on the other side have a strange way of putting 
questions and stating positions. They talk about 
the United States making civil war on a State, 
when a State makes the war on the United States. 
Mr. GREEN. I am not talkingabout civil war. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tho Senator from Mis- 
souri wants to know if I will come back to the 
Democratic party. Why, sir, I will allow him 
to come back to the Democratic party. That is 
it. You may corne back, and I will recognize you 
in good fellowship with the old Democracy, if 
you will come back and stand on its old platform. 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the sen- 
ator from Illinois give way to the Senator from 
Missouri ? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes sir; 1 will hear the 
Senator. 
Mr. GREEN. If Senator exactly 
where he stood in 1854, according to his own 
words, and his own honor, I will meet him. Will 
you coune there? [Laughter.] 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will. 1 am glad we are 
I will say to the Senator from 
gettina• togethcr. 
Missouri to-day, introduce your proposition to 
restore the Missouri compromise just as it stood 
in 1854, and I will stand by the ccnnproruises of 
Mr. GREEN. That will do. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 ask why are they dis- 
turbed, what is the occasion of all this uproar in 
thc country, and why is it laid at the door of the 
Republican party? Why is the Senator from 
Kentucky seeking to overturn thc compromises 
of 1850? Why may we not stand right by them ? 
Why any new legislation; why any proposition 
to amend thc Constitution; why not stand upon 
the groat settlement made in 1850, and not attempt 
to introduc.e a provision here to establish slavery 
south of a certain line, which that compromise 
did not do? When, at t.hat time, a proposition 
was in the Senate Chamber to extend sla- 
very, a distinguished Senator froin Kentucky, 
now deceased, uttered a sentiment which alone 
should make him immortal. I•le said that hc never 
ltvould, and no human power ever should compel 
him to votc to extend slaver v over one foot of 
I rem•ot. I have to say that 
territory thcn free. 
the distinguished Senator now representing Ken- 
tuck y proposes to do that very thing which the 
immortal Clay declared that no power under God 
could ever induce him to do. 
YKhyq may we not, then, settle this matter? 
Let yüyu• new legislation e-ro•, abandon your prop- I 
ositions of compromisc by amcndmel')ts to the 
Constitution, and your appeals to the Republican 
party to do something, as if they had power to 
do anything. They have not had control of this 
GovernmelÄt. The South have had the entire 
control of tho Government. They havo made 
all the laws, and madc them to suit themselves. i 
What are they complaining of? Why is it that 
the Government is to be dissolved, and civil war 
inaucruratcd? We will stand by the compromises 
as they were made. We are not proposing to 
change thern. Under the compromise of 1850,— 
I wish this to bc borne in nrilld—territorial legis- 
lation was left subject to the action of Congress; 
and if it bd true, as the Senator from Kentucky 
insists, that New Mexico was authorized by the 
orcanic act to establish slavery, it is also true 
that a!l laws passed by her Legislative Assembly 
were required to be submitted to Congress; and 
if disapproved, were null and of no effect. 
I did not propose, when I rose, to enter into a 
discussion of the amendmcn:s to the Constitution 
proposed by Ibe Senator from Kentucky. There 
are many objections to them, besides the fact that 
they establish slavery. The proposition is to 
amend the Constitution in an unconstitutional 
way—not to submit amendments to the Constitu- 
tion according to the terms of the instrument itself, 
which declares that "Congress, whenever two 
thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, 
shall propose amendments to this Constitution." 
But the Senator from Kentucky seeks to propose 
amendments to the Constitution by a majority 
vote; and he says in his remarks that is not for- 
bidden by the Constitution. Sir, it is forbidden 
by the Constitution; for I take it that when the 
Constitution provides a particular way in which 
amendments may be proposed, that very fact pre- 
cludes the idea that you can propose them in any 
other way. There are two ways provided—one 
is by the action of two thirds of. both Houses of 
Congress, and the other is on the application of 
the Legislatures of two thirds of the several 
States," Congress is required to call u conven- 
tion for proposing amendments, which, in either 
case, shall be valid, to all intents and purposes, 
as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the 
Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, 
or by conventions in three fourths thereof,as one 
or the other mode of ratification may be proposed 
by the Congress. " 
The Senator from Kentucky proposes to sub- 
mit amendments to the Constitution in a third 
way—by a majority vote—and he says that is not 
forbidden. Why, sir, I think thc potntin•y out of 
thes cific ways by which the Constitution may 
be ame ed, as effectually precludes the idea that 
you can amend it in any other way, as if it were 
so expressed in so many words. 
Now, sir, my idea of preserving the peace of this 
country, and of the duty which is devolved. upon 
us here, is not that we should yield, as thc Sen- 
ator from Mississippi sugg.csts, to the threats and 
demands ot• States which say that they want no 
compromise, and want no concessions. and are 
to set up for themselves, and expel 
the Federal Government from their borders; but. 
that, we should rally around the Constitution, and 
enforce the laws under it; and then, not when 
States coine here thrcatcning civil war, not when 
our vessels are fired into, not when our forts arc 
taken possession of, but whcn the States all ac- 
knowledge themselves within the Union, and 
under the Constitution, if there arc any griev 
ances, let them be removed. Then, if thcrc is any 
thing wrono• in the Constitution, let us amend it 
according td the mode provided in the instrument. 
I do not believe that we shall better the Constitu- 
tion by any amendment which may bc made to it. 
I do not believe there is any cause for thesc 
complaints in the South. I do not believe there 
is any intention on the part of the incoming Ad- 
ministration, or of its friends anywhere, to make 
slaves of the southern people, or to interfere in 
any manner with their rights. We have said this 
over and over tvain•, and yet the complaint is 
made that we arc for encroaching upon their ri=h ts , 
and they talk of defending themselves against en- 
croachments. Why, sir, we do not propose to 
make any encroachment. Some complain about 
the fugitive slave law. Let me say to southern 
Senators, that the fugitive slave lawr would prob- 
ably be enforced with greater certainty under the 
administration of Mr. Lincoln than under the ad- 
ministration of either Buchanan or Pierce; and 
why? Because that fugitive slave law is an obnox- 
ious law to the scntiment of the North, to begin 
with. Then, under the present Administration, 
it has been enforced in an obnoxious manner; 
omcers who were obnoxious to a great majority 
of the northern people, are charged with its en- 
forcement; and hence there is much greater diffi- 
culty in enforcing it than there would be under 
an Administration ofa different character. 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to 
ask him one question? If, under the present law, 
the ctnnntissioners aopointed by law should call 
upon hiQ1, as a part of tho posse comitatus, to ar- 
rest a fu-gitive slave or deliver him to his owner, 
would hc yield obedicfiß,e to it? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am glad that the Sen- 
