1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
but they say nothing about gentlemen obeying 
their constitutional obligations. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I know of 
nobody who is not willing to give the South their 
rights. There are points of variance between cren- 
tlemen as to what are and what are not their 
righ ts . 
Mr. SICKLES. I understand that this paper 
is simply a memorial for Congress to call a con• 
vention of the States. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. That is all. 
Mr. HOUSTON. A convention can do no 
harm; and if a convention of States cannot agree 
upon some plan to remedy tho difficulties of the 
country, they may, at least, possibly secure a 
In no aspect 
peaceable separation of the States. 
ofthc case do I consider that a convention of States 
can do any harm. 
Mr. BRANCH. I will state to the gentleman 
frorn Pennsylvania, that my remarks were not 
dictated by any unfriendliness to the memorial. 
I believe it hag not been customary to print such 
papers, and I desired to call his attention to the 
question whether it would not be injudicious now 
to commence printing papers of that description, 
which are coming in upon us so rapidly at present, 
and which will continue to increase in number 
hereafter. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. well, 1 will 
withdraw the request to print, and let the memo- 
rial be referred. 
Mr. HOUSTON. If there is no objection, 1 
prcfcr that it should be printed. 
Mr. JONES. object to the printing of any 
such papers. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. 
I ask that 
the memorial bc read. 
Mr. JONES. 1 object to its being read. That 
very gentleman, who offers the memorial, is the 
last man to vote to Rive the South their rights. 
Mr. PHELPS. memorial has been re- 
ceived, arid as sonic rnotion is to be madc in ref- 
erence to its disposition, think the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is entitled to have it read. i 
think I am entitled to that, before am called 
upon to vote in reference to it. 
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order, which 
I think wc are falling 
applies to all memorials. 
It has been the practice to 
into a bad practice. 
receivc the memorials of State Legislatures, and 
have them printed. But if we fall into the prac- 
tice of reading memorials of mass meetings, all 
our tirne will be consumed, as it has been this 
morning, to the exclusion of business. All these 
memorials should bo referred under the rule. 
Mr. COX. Tho rnemorial was received by 
unanimous consent; and gentlemen ought to un- 
derstand that this memorial is signed by members 
of both parties, and that it comes froun that por- I 
tion of the United States in which Independence 
Hail is situated, wherein the Constitution was 
It is for a national convention; and there 
made. 
I hope the gentlenaan 
only, under that unanimous-consent, do that par, 
ticular t.hing. My colleague only asked that the 
memorial be laid upon the table, and printed; and 
nobody objected fo that. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I stated the 
purport of the memorial before I presented itg and 
while asking the consent of the House that it be 
prin ted. 
Mr. GROW. Until the Speaker states what 
object a gentleman has in view, members are not 
in a condition to object, In this case, no such 
proposition was made to the House; but they 
acted on the statement of my colleague. If the 
Chair had stated that my colleague desired to pre- 
sent the memorial, and to leave it open for dis- 
cussion, objection would have been made, because 
it could have been referred under the rules. 
we depart from that practice, the whole time of 
the House may be taken up in the discussion of 
memorials. My point of order is, that the me- 
morial. was. received only upon the statement of 
my colleague that he desired it to be laid upon 
the table, and printed, and for no other purpose. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I withdraw 
the motion to print. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 have the floor, and the 
gentleman cannot take it from me for that pur- 
pose. 
Mr. HOUSTON. Then, as we have to vote 
on the question of printing, I ask for the reading 
of the memorial. Of course, I have a right to 
have the IY)crnoriaI read. 
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman can have that 
done when I have concluded my remarks. 
cannot take the floor from me for that purpose. 
The SPEAKER. The Chai): knows of no 
reason why the gentleman from Pennsylvania 
may not withdraw the motion to print. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Then I with- 
draw the motion to print. 
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer is de- 
batablc. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, I withdraw 
the rnemorial. 
The SPEAKER. There is nothing, then, bc- 
fore the House." 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 call for the regular order 
of business. 
The SPEAKER. The 
is the consideration of matters in relation to the 
District of Columbia. 
Mr. BURNETT. Is not that memorial before 
the House? 
it has been with- 
The SPEAKER. No, sir; 
drawn. 
EMPLOYfiS IN CLERK'S OFFICE. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the 1--1 ouso a communication from the 
Clerk of the House, transmittinR a list of the 
clerks and other employés in his office; which 
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed. 
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF HOUSE. 
is nothing partisan in it. 
from Georgia will withdraw his objection The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent, 
laid before the House the annual report of thc 
allow it to bc read and printed. 
il Clerk of the House on the contingent expenses of 
Mr. MORRIS, 0? Pennsylvania. The memo- 
the House; which was laid upon the tablc, and 
rial was received without objection. 
ordered to be printed. 
Mr. JON ES. I object. 'i'he time of this I-louse 
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order 
may be consumed from now to doomsday by ! of business was the consideration of business 
It amounts to 
bringing in such trash as that. 
relating to the District of Columbia; whfich had I 
nothing. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The gentle- been set for to-day, and that reports were in order 
man frorn Georgia regards everything as trash from the COmmittee for the District of Columbia. 
The SPEAKER. The gentle-mm is righV in 
that. 
Mr, HOUSTON. Well, this is 
business; and object to its comingin. I a-mw.ilb 
ing and anxious -to assist in any proper legißla• 
tion for the District; but this biH does not be10Dg 
to that class of business, and I am opposed- tö 
admitting other mattei•s which do not legiti• 
mately belong to the District. 
Mr. CARTER. The -bill was referred to the 
Committee for the District of 'Columbia; and We 
now* re )ort it back, and ask its passage. 
Mr. %RIGGS. The bill is clearly a private 
bill, and docs not relate to the District•of Colnrn• 
bia. I move that it be referred to a Committee 
of the Whole on the Private Calendar. 
Mr. HUGHES. This bill is reported by the 
Committee for the District of Columbia. It was 
upon the District calendar last year; ahd I be- 
lievc a bill of a similar character was considered 
and passed. Tl'here were several private bills 
reported by the committee that were considered 
at thc last session, on the day.appropriated for 
the business of the District of Columbia. We 
consider that it comes fairly within the allotment 
of business for to-day, 
The SPEAKER. r hc Chair is very cleafly of 
the opinion that the order of the day relates ex- 
clusively to the legitimate business of the District 
of Columbia. This is maniftstly a private bill, 
and does not corne within the special order. 
will be returned to the gentleman from New 
York. 
RAILWAYS IN DISTRICT or COLUMBIA.• 
Mr. CARTER. I am instructed by the Corn- 
mittee for the District of Columbia to report back 
a bill (H. R. No. 824) to incorporate the Wash• 
ington City and Georgetown Railway Company, 
and to ask that it be put upon its passage. 
The SPEAKER. The question is upon order- 
ing the bill to be engrossed, and read the third 
tilne. 
Mr. HUGHES. 1 would ask the chairman of 
the committee whether he has been authorized 
by a quorum of the committee to report the bill 
I wish to state to the House that, 
in this form ? 
when thc Committee of the Whole on the state 
of the Union rose on the 9111 of May last—busi- 
ness of the District of Columbia being then the 
special order—they had under cohsideration a bill 
reported by myself from a minority of the com- 
mittee, there being at the same time a substitute 
pending offered by the chairman of the commit- 
tee, which was also a minority report. This 
report, then, docs not come from the committee 
I sl'lall move that the House resolve it- 
proper. 
self into the Committee of the Whole on the state 
of the Union, for the purpose of resuming the 
business where it was suspended on the 9th of 
May last, being the consideration ofa bill for the 
construction of city passenger railways in the city 
of Washington . 
Mr. GROW. That would not be infinished 
business now. It is by special order that the busi- 
ness of the District of Columbia comes up now; 
and the regular order of business is the call of 
thc Committee fhz• the District of Columbia for 
reports. 
The SPEAKER. The regular order of 
ness is the consideration of the whole subject of 
the business for the District of Columbia. 
Mr. HUGHES. move that the House 
solve itself* into thc Committee of the 'Whole on 
that looks to tl"le reconciliation of thc country. • i 
SPEAKER. The memorial was received 
by unanimous consent; and the question is now 
upon the resolution to print. 
Mr. BURNETT. Is that motion debatable ? 
The SPEAKER. It is. 
Mr. BURNETT. well, sir, 1 desire to dc- 
bate it. 
Nil'. GROW. I must rise to a question of or- 
dcr. My colleague's proposition •was that the 
memorial be laid upon the table, and printed; and 
no one objected to that. The unanimous consent 
given was for that purpose, and no other. 
The, SPEAKER. No objection was made, in 
the hearing of the Chair, to the reception of the 
memorial. The gentleman frorn Pennsylvania 
then moved that it bc laid upon the table, and ' 
Mr. CARTER. am instructed by the Com- i I the state of the Union, for the purpose of resum• 
mittee for the District of Columbia to rcport back, l! ino• the consideration of the bill to which I have 
with a recommendation that it be put upon its referred. 
Mr. SI'ANTON. I submit to the gentleman 
passage, Senate bill No. 474, to provide for the 
payment of the claim of J. 'W. Nye, assicrnee of from Maryland whether it would not be better to 
I go into the Conunittee of the Whole on the state 
Peter Bmgy, jr, and I-lucrh Stewart. 
of the Union on the general subject of the busi- 
'L' he. bill was read. 
Mr. HOUSTON. How does thatbill I 
ness of the District of Columbia, and take it up in 
its order on the Calendar. 
the House? 
Mr. HUGHES. No, sir; 1 make the special 
The SPEAKER. It is reported from the Com- 
i motion. 
mittee for the District of Columbia. 
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not District business. Mr. CARTER. This bill has been reported 
The SPEAKER. It was referred to the com- by the Committee for the District of Columbia, 
mittee by the order of the House, and the chair- and is the business now before the House. 
rnan now reports it back. The Committee for do not see, therefore, why we should go intox the 
the District of Columbia was called for reports, Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union 
i and the chairman reported back this bill. 
printed. 
'I'hc SPEAKER. It will bc for the. House to 
Mr. HOUSTON. understand that to-day II 
Mr. GROW. My point of order is, that when 
was sol. apart for the business of the District of 'i decide whether it will go into the Committee of the 
a gentleman asks unanimous consént to do a par- 
Whole on the state of the Union on the subject. 
ticulm• thing, and no objection is made, he can Columbia. Am I right in that? 
