320 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 10. 
when a point of order is raised pn a member, he 
must take his seat ? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has 
decided. the gentleman from Virginia out of order. 
Mr. GROW. Is not the rule of the House that 
tbe entieman must take his -seat ? 
'rid SPEAKER tempore. such is the -rule 
of order. The point of. order raised against the 
gentleman from Virginia has .been decided ad- 
versely to him; and the gentleman, as the Chair 
understands, propos•edlto proceed in order. The 
gentlema-n from Virginia now proceeds out of 
order. 
Mr. EDWARDS asked for the reading of the 
61st rule. 
The rule was read, as follows: 
61. If any member, in speaking or otherwise, transgress 
the rules of the House, the Speaker shall, or any member 
•may; call to order; in which case the meniber so called to 
order shall immediately sit down, unless pertnitted to ex- 
plain; and the House shall, if appealed to, decide on the 
case, but without debate : if there be no appeal, the decis- 
ion of the Chair shall be submitted to. It' EIIC decision be 
in favor of the meniber called to order, he shall be at lib- 
erty to proceed ; if otherwise, he shall not be permitted to 
proceed, in case any member object, without leavc of the 
Mouse ; and if the case require it, he sbail be liable to the 
censure of the House." 
Mr. COX. I desire to make a suggestion, which 
I think will end this diffculty, and allow us to 
proceed to the business gentlemen desire. 
that the gentleman from Virginia have leave to 
print the remarks hc desires to make now. 
Mr. GROW. My point of order on that is not 
personal to anybody in the House, but I must 
object; for everybody knows that there are many 
gel)tlemen who desire to make speeches, and it 
one is allowed to print his remarks, all should be 
ailowed to do so. Unless all shall havc a like 
privilege, I must insist upon my point of order. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to say that 
no such eneral privilege will be granted. 
Mr. CRRTER. 1 have no objection to 
ing thc gentleman from Virginia to. print the re- 
marks he desires to make, nor have I any desire 
to stifle debate. 
I object to his proceeding, not 
from any disrespect to my southern brcthrcll, but 
because his remarks are not germane to the sub- 
ject before us. 
Mr. GROW. Unless the House inalccs u gen- 
cral order for every one, who desires, to print 
their speeches, I shall object. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to any 
such general order. 
Mr. COX. The gentleman has entered upon 
his Speech, and permission to print might prop- 
erly be given in this case. 
Mr. SICKLES. Does permission to print re- 
quire unanimous consent? l'he gentleman is upon 
the floor, and hus made a portion of his speech, 
and the question now is simply whether the re- 
mainder shall be printed or not. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Tho Chair thinks 
that unanimous consent is requircd. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. Mr. Speaker, 1 
only to say, that, if I had been allowed to pro- 
cecd, I would have gone on to justify and (leti'nd 
the ordinance of secession passed by South Caro- 
lina. As I am ruled out of order, I give notice 
that when an opportunity is afforded me, I will 
acain revert to this subject. 
Mr. CARTER. I now call for the reading of 
the substitute offered by the. gentleman from Ken- 
The substitute was read. 
CARTER, If it be in order, that 
all debate upon-this bill be limited to five minutes. 
Mr. Are we considering this bill in 
the House or in the Committee of the Whole? 
The SPEAKER 10 the 
Mr. SICKLES. Then the motion is not in 
order. The gentleman can limit debate only by 
calling the revious question. 
Mr. CARTER. I demand the previous ques- 
tion upon the bill before the House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman 
from New York is upon the floor, and the motion 
is not in order. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 move to amend section 
eleven of this bill, by inserting in the tenth line, 
after the word " respectively," the words: 
And the assent of a majority of the owners of the land 
fronting on such streets aforesaid. 
The SPEAKER tempore. Does the 
man propose to amend the original bill or the 
substitute? 
Mr. SICKLES. I propose to amend the bill 
just read, which was offered as a substitute by the 
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. BURNETT.] Sec- 
tion- eleven of this bill authorizes the directors 
of this company, whenever, in their judgment, 
the public convenience will be promoted, to lay 
down tracks upon any street in the city of Wash- 
incton or Georgetown. Now, sir, I consider that 
to be a very extensive power to confer upon any 
corporation with reference to the streets of the 
capital of the country. It is truc that the pro- 
viso requires that the assent of the corporation 
be also obtained; but the experience of every city 
with reference to grants of this description from 
municipal corporations, has proved the necessity 
of some other and higher safeguard than then• 
discretion or pleasure. 
I need only refer to the 
experience of cities adjacent to Washington, 
where tracks have been laid down; and to the 
experience of Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New 
York, to show that some higher and legislative 
supervision, and some additional checks, are ne- 
cessary. Now, I do not propose to require these 
corporators to come to Congress to seek addi- 
tional franchises and assistance from time to time, 
because I am fully aware of the extreme diffculty 
of obtaining the attention of Congress to the wants 
and interests of the people of this District; but 
I do think that. the friends of the bill ought to 
agree to give to the residents and owners of lands 
fronting on those streets through which railroads 
are to pass at least some voice in the question as 
to whether their streets are to be occupied for 
these purposes. This has been found indispens- 
able in the city of New York; and it is the law of 
that city, and so declared by the Legislature, that 
even modifications of the omnibus routes are no 
longer permitted at the mere discretion of the cor- 
poration, but the assent of a majority of the own- 
the public convenience does demand the cxtension 
of this grant through one or more streets, this 
public utility and convenience will be at once 
perceived by those who own the lands frontinrr 
on the streets. Of course, if it be a public ai- 
vantage, they will be among the most prompt to 
facilitate the laying down of tracks. 
If, on the 
other hand, a corporation like this is to be. cre- 
aled, it will have it in its power to appropriate 
this or that street, at its pleasure, and through , 
whatever influence it may obtain in the rnunicipal 
Council. 
Mr. Speaker, I am just informed that my 
amendment is accepted by the honorable gentle- 
man from Maryland, [Mr. HUGHES,) and there- 
fore I will not enforce any further my amend- 
ment upon the judgment of the House. 
Mr. CARTER. I now call the previous ques- 
tion upon the bill and substitute. 
Mr. HUGHES. Upon what is the vote to be 
first taken ? 
The SPEAKER pro tonpore. First upon the 
substitute. 
Mr. CARTER. 1 will withdraw the previous 
question, if the gentleman from Maryland desires 
to make any remarks. 
Mr. HUGHES. have only a few remarks 
to make. This is a very important measure, but 
I have no disposition to enter into discussion at 
I attempted to do so last session, 
any length. 
and I am inclined to think the House understands 
pretty well the difference between the two bills. 
The substitute offered by the ffentleman from Ken- 
tuck y [Mr. BURNETT] is a iill prepared by tne, 
and reported by the permission of the Committee 
for the District of Columbia. If the House has 
attended to the reading of the substitute, they 
will have discovered that whutcver advantage may 
be derived from the franchise shall be applied to 
a road from Georgetown to Point of Rocks. We 
desire to give to this District the greatest possible 
advantage and convenience, not only of transit 
over the long distances between Georgetown and 
the navy-yard, but the advantage of direct com- 
munication with the West; thereby saving time 
trouble, and expense in the transit of passeno•ers 
and of the products of the country to the District 
of Columbia. The •market of Washington is 
full fifty per cent. over that of the city of Balti- 
more, and this road opens up a fine region of 
country, and will benefit the city to a very great 
I '•.vill not again enter into the merits of 
extent. 
the road, unless it becomes necessary. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 to obtain 
information from the gentleman from Maryland, 
for I have not seen the bill. 
I desire to know 
whether this bill proposes to give to a particular 
corporation, or to particular individuals, by name, 
this franchise; or whether it proposes to give it to 
the District of Columbia, or to the cities of 'Wash- 
ington and Georgetown ? 
Mr. HUGHES. It is proposed to give it to 
the Metropolitan Railroad Company. If the gen- 
tleman had listened to the read mg of the bill, he 
would have discovered that it throm,vs open the 
subscription for the city passenger railway to 
anybody who chooses to subscribe. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is 
politan Railroad Company ? 
Mr. HUGHES. It is a regularly organized 
company, of which Benjamin Ogle Tayloe IS pres- 
ident. 
Its object is to connect the District of Co- 
lumbia with the Point of Rocks in the State of 
Maryland, on the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 understand, then, 
that it is proposed by this legislation to give these 
muniments to a company which was organized 
for action outside of the District of Columbia. 
Mr. HUGHES. The company has been char- 
tercd by the Congress of the United States within 
the District. 
Mr. slMITH, of Virginia. 1 know that; but 
we could not charter a company to go beyond the 
limits of the District. 
Mr. HUGHES. We do not ask you to that. 
You have chartered this company within the Dis- 
trict. 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Has Maryland 
granted it a charter? 
Mr. HUGHES. One of the tcrminio€theroad 
is in the District of Columbia, and the other at 
the Point of Rocks, on the Baltimore and Ohio 
railroad. 
a charter from the State of Maryland ? 
Mr. HUGHES. It hasa from the state 
of Maryland, so far as Maryland is concerned; 
and a charter from Congress, so far as the Dis- 
trict of Columbia is concerned. 
Mr. McKNIGHT. lofferthefollowingamend- 
ment to the original bill: 
In section fourteen, after the word made," where it 
occurs in the eleventh line, insert in proportion to the 
length of said rnain line of railroad located and constructed 
within the limits of said cities respectively." 
Mr. CARTER. I now move the previous ques- 
tion on the bill. 
Mr. HOUSTON called for tellers on the second 
to the previous question. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. HUGHES and 
ELY were appointed. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes 64, noes 19; no quorum voting. 
Mr. FLORENCE. With a view of 
ing if there is a quorum present, I move that the 
Hou'se do now adjourn; and I demand the yeas 
and nays on that motion. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the negative—yeas 9, nays 141; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Gartrcll, Houston, Jenkins, Jones, Lan- 
drum, Leake, Pryor, _RufFm, and William Smith—9. 
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad- 
rain, Aldrich, Alley, 'I'homas L. Anderson, William C. 
Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Boteler, 
Bouligny, Brayton, Briggs, Biistow, Brown, Bumnton, 
Burlirigtune, Burnett, Burnham, Butterfield, Carey, Carter, 
John B. Clark* Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfax, 
Covode, Cox, Davidson, John G. Davis, Dawes, De Jar- 
nette, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, English, Eth- 
eridge, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Frank, French, 
Gihner, Gooch, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Hardeman, John 
T. Harris. Haskin, Hatton, Hawkins, Helmick, Hickman, 
Hill, Hoaéd, Iloiuran, William Howard, William A. How- 
ard, Hughes, Humphrey, Hutchins, Junkin, Kilgore, De- 
Witt C. Leach, Longnecker Loomis, Lovejoy, Mallory, 
Marston, Elbert S. Martin, ifaynard, McKean, McKenty, 
McKnight, McPherson, Millson, Millward, Montgomery, 
Laban Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, 
Morse , Neison, Niblack, Nixon, Noeli, Olin, Palmer, Perry, 
Phelps, Porter, Pottle, Quarles, John H. Reynolds, Rice, 
Riggs, Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson, Royce, 
Sedgwick, Sherman, Simms, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, 
Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Strat- 
ton, 'I'haycr, 'I'rain, Triutble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Ver- 
ree, Wade, VVamron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, 
Ellihu B. Washburne, Webster, wells, Whitcley, Wilson, 
Windom, VVinslow, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodson—i41. 
So the House refused to adjourn. 
During the roll-call, 
Mr. COX stated that Mr. ALLEN had been 
called home in consequence of the dangerous 
illness of his child. 
