322 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 10, 
Objection to that motion], for tlv bill ought to be 
recommitted to the Committee for. the District 
Of Columbia for further consideration and for 
amendment. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 object. 
If the House will 
allow me, i will say one word. 
Mr. COBB. I object, too, to- the motion to 
recommit. 
Mr. CURTIS. I want to say a word on this 
i am not acquainted with- a living man 
named in it. 
It pi'.ovides, of course, for a close 
corpontion. 
If you.want a railroad'constructed, 
it must be done by such a company. It is use- 
lessto provide that Congress shall have a right 
to change, alter, and amend the bill, because no- 
body would take- stock in such a company if such 
aright were -pi•ovided for. There is not a 
who knows of a railroad in the Unit.cd 
States where the charter authorizes anybody to 
alter and change the entire character of the gom- 
BURNETT. Will the gentleman permit 
me to say a word? If the gentleman will agree 
to the recommitment of this bill to the Committee 
for the District of Columbia, I tell him that re- 
sponsible parties will undertake to build this road 
and pay u premium for the privilege to the cities 
of Washington and Georgetown; while, at the 
same time, they will agree to confer upon Con- 
gress the right, at any tillie, to alter or amend-the 
charter. 
Mr. CURTIS. It is always thc cry in regard 
to i'&ilroad charters that somebody will bid lower 
Or higher. 
In this charter find the name of 
George-W. Riggs, Esq. Everybody knows him 
to-be a very responsible and worthy man. 
Mr. MAYNARD. He is only a commis- 
sioner. 
Mr. CURTIS. He will be one of who 
will lead out in this matter. There is no city in 
the United States where there are not rail ways in 
the public streets—at least no city of any consid- 
erable population. 
Mr. SICKLES. Let me ask the gentleman a 
question. 
Nil'. CURTIS. First lot me complete what I 
have to say on this point. The House has now 
the opportunity of passing this bill; which will, I 
think, secure the successfål construction of a pas- 
senger railwa in this I)istrict. 
Mr. SICKiES. Let me ask the gentleman u 
question. 
CURTIS. very well; 1 will hear the 
tleman. 
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the gentleman whether 
there ever was a grant made in this country for 
any city railroad, ot• indeed for any railroad, with- 
out reserving the right in the grantors to alter, 
modify; or repeal at their pleasure? I know, where 
.sueh a provision has not been inserted, it has bccn 
repeatedly decided by our highest courts that the 
law confin•s absolute right, which no power on 
earth can disturb. Are gentlemen of this House 
prepared for that? 
Mr. CURTIS. I have some experience in rc- 
spect of charters for the construction of railroads. 
I certainly know of no instance where the right to 
alter and amend has been reserved to any legis- 
lative authority. Such a provision, in rny judg- 
ment,isincompatible with the successful construc- 
tioh of this road. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 certainly object to the 
gentleman's makinc an hour speech. 
Mr. CURTIS. 
am exceedingly anxious- to 
havethis bill passed. This incumbrance put upon 
it would, I think, defeat it, or at least destroy its 
District from having a passenger railway if, be- 
aide that provision, we also inserted the provision 
suggested by the gentleman from New York, 
The. question was taken: and.- the House re- 
fused*to order the bill to be cngrossed and read a 
third time. 
Mr. GROW. I move to reconsider the vote by 
which the House refused to order the bill to be 
encrrossed and read a third time. 
Mr. SICKLES. I make another privileged 
motion. 
I movethat that motion be laid upon 
the table. 
Mr. GROW. 1 have not yet yielded the floor. 
If my motion to reconsider be agreed to, I give 
notice that I will propose to amend the bill by 
inserting a provision, reserving to Congress the 
right to alter, modify, amend, or repeal the act, 
or any part. thereof, at their pleasure. I now call 
the previous question, on the motion to recon- 
sider. 
Mr. BURNETT. Is it in order to move that 
this bill be recommitted? 
The SPEAKER pro tentpore. 
It is not, the 
gentleman from Pcnnsylvania havino• called the 
previous question. 
Mr. GROW. I will withdraw the demand for 
the previous question, so that the motion to re- 
commit may bc made, and a vote had on it. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 submit the motion to re- 
commit the bill to the Committee for the District 
of Columbia. Now, sir, will it be in order for 
me to submit tbc reasons why I deem that motion 
ought to be agreed to ? 
Mr. GROW. I have yielded only to the intro- 
duction of the motion, and not to the gentleman 
to make a speech. 
I have no objection to let the 
gentleman from Kentucky have a vote on the mo- 
.tion to recommit. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 will not take a moment. 
Mr. GROW. I insist on my demand for the 
previous question. 
Mr. BURNETT. Is the motion to recommit 
pending ? 
'rhe SPEAKER tetnpore. The motion to 
recommit is not in order, the bill not being before 
the House. The motion of the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania, if adopted, will bring the bill up, 
when the motion to recommit will be in order. 
Mr. SICKLES. Is it in order to move that 
the motion to reconsider be laid upon table? 
SPEAKER pro tenpore. 
Mr. SICKLES. I submit. the motion to lay 
upon the table; and on that motion I demand the 
yeas and nays. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order move to 
co into the Commilt.ee of the -Whole on the state 
the Union on the civil appropriation bill? 
is evident that this bill cannot be disposed of to- 
day. 
The SPEAKER pro tenupore. 
The motion to 
into committee is in order. 
Mr. PEIELPS. This day is set apart for the 
business of the District of Columbia. 
iVit•. SHERMAN. that the rules be 
suspel)ded, and tho House resolve itself' into the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union 
on thc special order, which is the civil appropri- 
ation bill. 
Mr. PHELPS. The special in 
tee is thc business of the District of Coltunbia. 
rl'he Chair is of 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. 
the opinion that during this day, in committee 
and in the House, the business of the District of 
Columbia is the special order. 
DISTRICT MILITIA. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 House bill No. 
860, to reor«nnize the militia of the District of 
Columbia, be made-the special order for this day. 
Ol)jection was made. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 have the right to make 
the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tonpore. 
It changes the 
[Mr. SICKLES,] requiring the consent of every i i 
order of business, and is not, therefore, in order. 
owner of pro erty upon the line of the roud. 
Mr. SICKIES. i propose to leave that, not 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 that the House 
do now adjourn. 
to one, but to the majority of the adjacent own- 
The motion was disagreed to. 
If you propose to disturb theii• franchises, 
ere. 
The question was then taken on the motion of 
they certainl ought to be consulted about it. 
ME'. CURNIS. The gentleman, then, does not 
Mr. SHERMAN ; and it was agreed to. 
The House acco rdingly resolved itself in to the 
propose to give the veto power to any one of the 
adjacent owners of property. 
•Mr. SICKLES. No, sir; but I propose to 
have it to the majority of the adjacent owners of 
property, which IS the usual provision. 
Mr. CURTIS. .1 withdraw my objection to 
do not think it is material at all. 
that provision. 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union , 
(Mr. STANTON in the chair.) 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HOSPITAL. 
The CHAIRMAN. This being the day set 
apart for the consideration of the business of the 
District of Columbia, the Calendar of that busi- 
ness will now be taken up. The first question is 
House bill No. 552, to incorporate the -regents of 
a general hospital for the District of Columbia. 
The Clerk read the bill in extenso. 
Mr. GROW. It seems to me that that bill only 
provides additional officers to be supported by the 
Government. 
Mr. CARTER. 1 move that the bill be in- 
formally passed over 
Mr. HUGHES. Let the bill be recommitted 
to the Committee for the District of Columbia. I 
move that it be laid aside, to be reported to the 
House with that recommendation. 
Mr. GROW. If it is to be reported to the 
House, I want to say a word. 
Mr. HUGHES. I withdraw my motion. 
The question wus taken on Mr. CARTER'S mo- 
tion; and it was agreed to. 
So the bill was infermally passed over. 
WASHINGTON SCHOOLS. 
An act (S. No. 200) directing the conveyance 
ofa lot of ground for the use of the public schools 
in Washington city. 
Mr. CARTER moved that the bili be inform- 
ally passed over. 
The motien was agreed to. 
GUARDIAN SOCIETY. 
A bill (H. R. No. 776) to incorporate the 
Guardian Söciety, and reform juvenile offenders 
in the District of Columbia. 
There being no objection, the first reading of, 
the bill was dispensed with. 
The bill. was then read by sections for amend- 
ment. 
Mr. CARTER moved to amend the first sec- 
tion, as follows: 
Strike out the names of" Ulysses Ward, Andrew Noerr, 
Wilson M. C. Fairfax, and Charles L. Coltman," among 
the corporators, and insert In lieu thereof, John M. Broad. 
head, Joseph Bryan, Peter M. Higinbotbam, and Tho;nas • 
C. Jenner 
and in line ten, after the word dollars," 
insert annuakly." 
The amendment was agreed to. 
No further amendments being offered, the bill 
was laid aside, to be reported to the House with 
a recommendation that it do pass. 
Mr. SIMI 'I'H, of Virgin ia, moved that the com- 
mittce rise. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the connnitlee rose; and the Speaker having 
resumed the chair, Mr. STANTON reported that the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union 
had, according to order, had under consideration 
• thc special order, beirw business relating to the 
District of Columbia, and had directed him to re- 
port back, with an amendment, and with a recom- 
mendation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 766) 
to incorporate the Guardian Societv, and reform 
juvenile offenders in the District of Columbia. 
RAILROADS IN DISTRICT or COLUMBIA. 
.Mr. BURNETT. 1 nowappaal to the gentle- 
man from Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion 
in reference to the bili we had up in the House, 
and permit me to move to recommit it to the Com- 
mittee for the District of Columbia. 
Mr. GROW. objection to that being 
done. 
Mr. BURNETT. Then 1 submit the motion 
to reconlmit that bill to the Committee for the Dis- 
trict of Columbia; and upon that 1 calk the pre- 
vious question. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 would ask the gentleman 
from Kentucky if that is not going to delay the 
business of the District so far as to prevent our 
doing justice to the people of this city? Can he 
satisfy us that he can report the bill in a short 
time, and set apart a day for the purpose of com- 
pleting this business? 
Mr. BURNETT. In response -to the 
man, I say that, as the bill now stands upon the 
Calendar, it will be impossible for us to pass it 
now, and in its present condition. If it is recom- 
mitted, we certainly can perfect the bill; and we 
will have an opportunity to report it back and 
take action upon it when the Committee for the 
District of Columbia is next called, which will 
be before the session is over. 
Mr. CURTIS. I should have no objection to 
if the committee could report in a 
the motion, 
reasonable time. Suppose you fix a day certain 
for the report by the committee. 
Mr. BURNETT. Thatwould be a matter for 
tho determination of the House; and if they will 
