326 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBb. 
4 
January 11, 
ishing, the forms to which they are accustomed." 
This-inherent conservatism of man, added to the 
community of right and interest of all the States, 
which it was the purpose of this Government to 
preserve and protect, ought to:make it perpetual. 
The belief on the part of the northern people 
that the southern States will not, and have not 
the right and power to secede under any circum- 
stances of oppression and injury,-isdou btless onc 
prominent cause of their continued aggressions 
upon the Constitu tionål rights of the Sou th. Had 
they believed that the southern States could and 
would' secede if those aggressions were not dis- 
continued, they would have ceased long ago. 
The recognition of that right on thc part of the 
northern people would, in all probability, have 
Prevented the necessity of its exercise. But, with 
reckless fanaticism—lcd on and blinded by the 
conviction that the South had no way of escape 
or effective redress cxccpt by revolutionary re- 
sistancc—has brought the country to its present 
perilous position. The advantages and blessings 
of thisGovernme11t have been manifold and great. 
It is the most perfect system that the wisdom of 
man has ever devised. Under. its blessings and 
benign influence our country has enlargéd hcr 
borders, strengthened her stakes, and made rapid 
Btrides in all that gives domestic peace and pros- 
perity at home, and insures for us respect and 
power abroad. And the South has shown her 
appreciation. of all this, by enduring, from year 
to year, ills and evils to which She would not 
have submitted for a day, under other circum- 
*Stances. She has borne and forborne, until for- 
bearance has ceased to be a virtuc•, and now, 
when the long-continued aggressions upon her 
sacred riohts have culminated in surrendering the 
reins of&ovcrnment into the hands of onc plcüged 
to cxert his entire -ofliciul influence to place their 
cherished domestic institutions in the course of 
ultimate extinction, who can blarnc those States 
for resuming the powers they have heretofore 
delegated to tho General Govern Illent? 
The Union is already dissolvcd. 
One of its 
brightest stars has disa )pearcd from that re- 
splendent galaxy which las so long lighted up 
the western heavens, and to which the oppressed 
of all nations looked with hope of deliverance." 
Others will inevitably follow, one by one, Lut in 
rapid succe8gion; and the luster of those that 
main will be paled and dimmed, if, indeed, the 
blackness of darkness" does not spread itself 
over the entire scene. Where and how stands 
Virginia? I answer, with the South. 
Interest, 
honor, and inclination, unite her fate with that of' 
South Carolina and her sister southern States. 
,lmmediatc secession ig the duty and interest of 
Virginia. She can do nothing towards savi ng Ibe 
present Confed.eracy; its fate is sealed. The 
sooner the people of Virginia know and rcco"t'lizc 
this fact the better. 
In the wreck of the present 
ship of State, all is not lost; 
the broken frag- 
ments, some of them, at least, may be reunited 
in the formation of n new Confederacy, 
after the fashion of the old one. 
'I'irne precious. 
Every southern State should promptly take up 
her line of rnarch, and, with equal promptness, 
look out fora Ilew alliance. Prompt and decisive 
action on thc part of all the southcrn States is the 
only step that promises to avert the shedding of 
riversd blood in civil strife. Nothing short of I 
an absolute dismemberment of this Union will 
bring to their senses {hc dominant, fanatical party 
at the North; 
and tho sooner that fact is under- i 
stood, admitted, and acted upon, thc better for all 
like the motherofthe Gracchi, when asked for hcr 
jewels, could point to her sons. There they stood, 
Jefferson, Henry, Madison, Monroe; and the im- 
mortal Washington. Those sons of hers, when 
they had spent their lives ill achieving, and then 
defending, her liberties, asked no higher honor 
than that she would give them a tomb. She, too, 
in this agc, has been proud of another son, whom 
she gave to the nation as the commander-in-chief 
of its armies. That son I, together with her rep- 
resentativcs in the Legislature, in her name, have 
honored with a sword for his brilliant achicvc- 
mente in •arms. Little did I think, little did Vir- 
ginia think, that that sword was so soon to be 
drawn against hcr who gave him birth.. 
I-lcre, 
sir, in sight of her own blue hills, in sight of 
the tomb of Washington, is this ungrateful son 
planning his campaign, and planting his batteries 
ltn• her subjugation. And though she must weep 
over the inoratitudc of her parricidal son, tbc 
more because of her pride in the glory of his past 
renown, vot, emulating thc firmness of the old 
Roman fathers, she will discard him forever from 
her bosom, and vindicate in his sacrifice the 
majesty of hcr supreme law—the law of State 
soverexgnty and State allegiance. 
DISTRICT COURTS IN ILLINOIS. 
Mr. LOGAN. 1 desire to call up the motion 
to reconsider the vote by which a little bill, 
which my people are interested, was referred to 
the Committee on the Judiciary. It is bill to 
authorize the holding of the circuit and district 
courts of the United States for the southern dis- 
trict of Illinois at the city of Cairo. I hope there 
will be no objection. 
T hc motion to reconsider was agreed to. 
The bill was then ordered to u third reading; 
and it wus accordingly read tho third time, and 
passed . 
Mr. _LOGAN moved to reconsider tho vote by 
which the bill was passed; and also moved to Iny 
the motion to reconsider on tho table. 
The latter ni0tion wras agreed to. 
And then, on of Mr. FLORENCE, (at 
four o'clock, p. m. , ) the I-louse adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
FRIDAY, January 11, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURI,EY. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved . 
COMMITTEE SERVICE. 
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the ap- 
pointment of Mr. BAKER to fill the vacancy on 
the Committee of Cornmcrce, occasionöd by the 
of Mr. HAMLIN. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. 
ceived, with the, request to lay it before the Sen- 
atc, a cornm nication fro tn thc Cominon Council 
of the city of Ncw York, in which they express 
frate t•nal 
and affectionate regard their 
fellow-citizens of the southern Slates, and their 
purpose to sustain them in every constitutional 
measure for the redress of their grievances; in 
which they express the affection of the people of 
the city of New York for the national Unio n, 
and their 
fin movable attach to it, and rep- 
resent that the local authorities in some of thc 
southcru States Ilitve scizcd several of the forts, 
arsenals, and olhcr public buildings, and that they 
earnestly request them to abstain from all violent 
measnres pending the assiduous and patriotic of 
förts that, are now being nnade to fid.jast. the differ- 
parties. 
Virginia fully appreciates the present struggle. 
ences between the North and the South, t 
She will, now that the liberties, and honor the action of t.he established authorities in the 
setting forth their deprecation of the present un- 
happy condition of the country, and their great 
anxiety for the restoration of peaec, and the pres- 
ervation of the Union, and suggesting that in their 
judgment the proposition submitted by the hon- 
orable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. CRITTENDEN] 
would have that effect; and further they express 
the opinion that those propositions would be ac- 
cepted by a large majority of the people of Penn- 
sylvania, I also present three memorials signed 
by citizens of Philadelphia, of like import. I move 
that all these memorials lie on the table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. CAMERON. I am requested to present 
eleven petitions from various parts of Pennsylva- 
nia, signed by a great number of individua}s, who 
arc very anxious about the present condition 01 
the country; and who bid me say that they are 
willing to make any compromise consister.t with 
honor to preserve the integrity of the Urion. 
They are signed very numerously. •I move that 
they lie on Che table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE. 
Mr. DAVIS. The Military Af- 
fairs and Militia, to whom was referred a resofu- 
tion to inquire whether reductions can be madc in 
the military establishment, have instructed me to 
repört. The report consists in a statcmcnt 
of the case, and amendments to two bills lying on 
the table, SS. No. 48 and S. No. 61. The opinion 
of the committee is that the enactment of those 
bills, with the amendments proposed, would ac- 
complish the ends dcsircd, consistent with the 
public service. 
The repor.t was ordered to be printed. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS. 
NIr. BIGLER. There seems to be no further 
morning business, and I move to postpone all 
prior orders, for the purpose of proceeding to the 
consideration of the resolutäons submitted by the 
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. CRITTENDEN.] 
iMr. GREEN. 1 request the Senator— 
Mr. BIGLER. motion. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair 
nizes the motion; but the Senator froin Missouri 
addressed the Chair. 
Mr. GREEN. I request the Senator to with- 
draw the motion, because there are some formal 
matters to be attended to. 
Mr. BIGLER. we can do that after we agree 
to the motion; which is to postpone all prior or- 
ders, and take up the resolutions of the Senator 
from Kentucky. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no special 
order to be postponed. 
Mr. GREEN. Not until one o'clock. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The from 
Pennsylvania moves to take up the resolutions or 
the Senator from Kentucky. 
Mr. BIGLER. And postpone all prior orders. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no prior 
order now to l.)e postponed. 
Mr. BIGLER. Petitions are prior orders,and 
reports are prior orders. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is in 
order to take up the resolutions; and the. fact of 
their being taken up prevents petitions or reports 
l)eino• presented. 
Air. BEGLER. Mr. President— 
Mr. BRAGG. I wish to make a report. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 yield to the Senator from 
No rth Carolina.. 
Mr. BRAGG, from thc Committec on Claims, 
to wl:om was referred the petition of James T. V. 
p.son , praying ilidemnity for losses sustained 
by hiru on n certain lot of flour, purchased at a 
of her people arc assailed, assert her sovereignty Inanncr provided for ill the Federal Constitution; sale, and on beef cattie, lost 02') their 
by defending them. Let each southern State im- approving the conduct of the President of the 
way for delivery at Bent's Fort, under contract 
mediatcly secede, and take steps with Virginia United States, and his purpose to maintain the 
with the Govcrnment, reported a bill (S. No. 533) 
towards the formation of m new Confederacy, on authority of the Governtnenr. in all places, and to . for the relief of James T. V. Thompson; which 
the same model as the old one. Stand shoulder i execute the laws; approving the conduct of Major 
was read, and passed to a second reading. 
to shoulder, in an unbroken column; and thcy Andcrson in holding tbc forts at Charleston, and 
Mr. POLK. fthink the bill by the sen- 
inay. call it revolution, if they please; but if any- in preventing a collision between tho soldiery 
thing will avert war, such a movement, conducted and the citizens; and representing that the Com- 
with calmness, moderation, and decisive firmness, mon Council of the city of New York have pe- 
will have that effect. By the love of peace; by t.itioned thc Legislature of that State to call acon- 
the dread of war; by the impulses of honor and 
vention of the State to take into consideration the 
duty; by the instincts of and present condition Of the coil ntry. If no motion 
by consideratior)s which must effect, for weal or be made, it will lie on the table. 
woe, the people of' Virgiliia, let her strike for frec- 
'The mctnoriftl was ordered to lie on thc table. 
dom and independence, and strike now. 
I M r. E[GLER. I present a petition of citizens 
There wasa tizne in her history, when v of Colutnl,iia, Lancaster 
county, Pennsylvania, 
ator frorn North Carolina [Mr. BRAGG] passed 
oncc bcforc; two years ao•o it passed the Senate, 
nnd I hope it will be now considered. 
The VicE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator 
fi:om Pennsylvania withdraw his motion ? 
Mr. BIGLER. Yes, sir. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator 
frotn Missouri move to take up the bill? 
Mr. POLK. The Senator refuses to yield for 
that purpose, as understand. 
