328 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 31.1, 
A bill (No. 919) for the relief of F. M. Beau- 
champ and Bétsey D. Townsend; 
A bill (No. 920) for the relief of Marvin M. 
Hickox arid A M. Pettingill, of Vigo county, 
Indiana; and, 
A bill (No. 921) for the relief of the assignee 
of-Hom David C. Broderick, deceased. 
The message. farcher announced that the House 
had passed thé bill of the Senate (No. 97) to au- 
thoraze the institution. of a.suit the United 
States, to test the. title to lots Nos. 5 and 6.in the 
Hospital square , in San Francisco, with an amend- 
ment, in Y'hich the concurrence of the Senate was 
-requested. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. 
The message also announced that the Speaker 
Of the House had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. 
693) Tor the relief of Richard C. Martin. 
FORTS AND ARSENALS IN STATES. 
Mr. LANE. I now move to take up the res- 
olution which was made the special order for one 
o'clock. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Oregon moves to take up the resolution offered 
by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. HUNTER,] in 
relation to the retrocession of forts, magazines, 
arsenals, dock-yards, &c., to certain of the 
States. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro- 
cecded to consider the following resolution, sub- 
mitted- by Mr.: HÜNTER on the 2d instant: 
Whereas certain forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, 
and other needful buildings, have been placed under the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States by a cession to 
One or•more, df those States to resume the jUrisdiction thus 
ceded : Now. therefore, 
Be That the President of the IJnit.cd States 
ought to bc authorized by law, upon the application of tho 
Legislature, or ora regular couveution of the people of any 
such States, to retrocede this jurisdiction to such States, 
upon taking proper security tör the keeping and return 
of all the property of the United States, or paying fur 
the value of the san:e iC destroyed or injured by the act of 
any ot•thc States Inaking such application. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is 
before the Senate; and the Senator from Virginia 
[Mr. HUNTER] is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 to amend- 
ment to the resolution of the Senator frorn Vir- 
ginia. 
Mr. HUNTER. I give way to the amend- 
ment, provided I do not lose the floor by it. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatordoes 
not lose, the c floor. 
it is by courtesy thal the 
amendment is read. 
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr. 
TRUMBULL•, which is, to strike out the preamble 
of the reSolution, and after the word that," and 
in lieu of it, to insert: 
We 'Cully approve of the bold and patriotic aet of Major 
Anderson, fu wi!hdrawing from Fort Moultrie to I•'ort 
Sütnter, an(l of the dete.nninatlon of' the. President. to nnain- 
tain that goarlesp otiicer in his present position ; and that. we 
will support t.hc President in all constitutional Incasures to 
enforce the laws and preserve the Union. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, 1 have not 
sought to speak hitherto on the rnornentous ques- 
tion of the day, because I did not believe that any 
good would be accomplished by speaking. 
The 
disease seemed to me to be so deeply seated that, 
none but the most radical remedies would sl-iffe.c•, 
and I had •no hope that the public rnind of the 
.North wasin a condition to receive. any such prop- 
osition. I do not know that it is even now pre- 
in the instincts of empire, which have heretofore 
characterized the American people, to accomplish 
that great xvork. 
if we would do it, we must not 
sit idly, bewailing the condition of public- affairs; 
but in the heroic spirit of the mariner who is cast 
away on a distant shorc,- see if we cannot find 
materials to build another ship, in which we may 
once more take the sea, and rejoin our kindred 
and friends. But, Mr. President, 10 do this, swe 
must face and acknowlédge the true evil of the 
day. To-day we mustdeal wisely with the mighty 
present, that we may be ready for perhaps the 
still more eventful future which will be on us to- 
morrow. New ideas, like new forces, have entered 
into our system; they are demanding the legiti- 
rnatc expression of their power, or they threaten 
to rend and destroy it in their wild and irregular 
play. There are now portions of this Union in 
svluch population already begins to press on the 
means of subsistence. 
In all of the States there 
is a desire—in some of them a necessity—for fur- 
ther expansion. It is that which has led to the 
warfare between the two social systems which 
have been brought together in our Constitution; 
a war vvaged with a bitterness and asperity that 
has reduced us to the sad pass in which we now 
find ourselves. 
This Constitution was designed to unite two 
social systetns, upon t.erms of equality and fair- 
ness, different in thcir character, but not neces- 
sarily hostile. Indeed, the very differences in these 
systems, it would seem, ought to have formed 
causes of union and mutual attraction, instead of 
giving rise to the "irrepressible conflict " which, it 
is said, sorne lawr of nature has declared 
thein. What the one wanted, 
the other could 
supply. If the carrying States did not make thcir 
provisions, tbc provision-growing States, on the 
other hand, had not the ships in which to trans- 
port their surplus productions. 
If the manufac- 
turing States did not raise thc raw material, the 
planting States, on the other hand, did not have 
the manufactories to con vert t.bat material into 
useful and necessary fabrics. 'I'hus, what the onc 
wanted, Lbc other coald supply. only (lilFet•- 
ence of products would seem to have aflü)rded tl'1C 
means föl• forming a perfect. systctn of industry, 
which should have been strontyer by the mutual 
dependence and support of t.he parts. Unfortu- 
natcly, however, as those who represented the 
non-slaveholding system of society grow into 
power, tl'ley commenced a warfare upon thc other 
system which was associated with it under the 
Constitution. 
It. was commenced in 1820, when 
it was declared that the social system of the South 
was founded upon sin, was anti-repubiican in its 
character, and deserved to be repressed and sup- 
pressed by the General Govcrnment wherever it 
had exclusive jurisdiction. The claim was made, 
that so fhr as the Tl'm•ritorirs of the United States 
were concerned, they were to be given up to the 
exclusive expansion of one of thesc systems at tho 
expense of 1110 other. Urjhappily, in that first 
contest, the wealccr systcm 'vvent by the board; a 
law was passed which did put it under the ban 
of the Empire; which did exclude the South from 
a large portion of [hc domain of the United States. 
After that sprang up a party, at first not so 
large as it now is, x,vhich commenced a regular 
warfare upon the system of slavery in the South ; 
upon the social system of the Sla.tes which toler- 
atcd the institution of' slavery. They commenced 
a system of agitation through tho press, thc pul- 
pared to weigh carefully such a suggestion; 
but pit, and the common hails of legislation, whose 
surely none can longer doubt the ilnminencc or i 
the extremity of the danger. All must sce that 
the bonds which have hitherto bound together the 
members of this Confü'deracy arc parting like flax 
before the fire of popular passion. Our political 
fabric is reeling and tottering in the storm ; so that, 
if it were not based on the solid foundations of 
State orøanization, there would be every reason 
to expect its entire destruction. Before the end 
of this month, it is almost certain that six or 
seven of the States will havc seceded from this 
Union. 
it is Eherefore now no more a question 
of saviw or of preserving the old Union. We 
cannot recall the past; we cannot restore the dead ; 
object it x.vas to woun(t the self-respect of the 
slaveholder, and to make him odious in the cycs 
of the rest of the world. They denied that there 
could be any property in slaves—the very foun- 
dation of the social system of the South—and, as 
a consequence, they maintained that this Gov- 
ernment was bound to prevent its extension, and 
to abolish and suppress it wherever it had exclu- 
Sive jurisdiction. They sought, by petition, to 
put an end to the slave trade betwccn the States, 
that the institution might be pent up, and made 
dangerous and unprofitable. 
In process of time, they either evaded or they 
denied the constitutional obligation to rc.turn fu- 
but the hope and the trust of those who desire a gitive slaves; and at last it was proclaimed here 
Union, are tl'K1t we may be able to reconstruct a in tl'iese Halls that there was a law higher than 
new Government and a new Union, which per- 
I the Constitution, which nullifieditsobligationsand 
haps may be more permanent and efficient than its provisions. 
Practicing upon this preaching, 
the old. I know, sir, that there are difficulties in •the majority of the non.slaveholding States, as 
the way; but I put my trustin the good sense and was shown by my friend from Georgia [Mr. 
T 00MBs] in his able argument on this subject, 
passed personal liberty bills, the practical eirect 
of which was -to nullify the fugitive slave law, 
which was passed in pursuance of the Constitu- 
tion of the United States. 
It is but a year since there was an armed inva- 
Sion of my State for the purpose of creating ser- 
vile insurrection; and yet not a State—and it is 
with the States alone that effectual remedies can 
be-applied—has interfered, to make any such com- 
bination penal in time to come. We have heard 
it pronounced, sir, by a distinguished leader of 
that party, 
that there was to be an "irrepressible 
conflict' between the two social systems, until 
one or the other •was destroyed. A President has 
been nominated and elected by a sectional major- 
ity, who was known to have avowed and to enter- 
tain such opinions; and a party has come into 
power, with full possession of this Government, 
which has elected a President and a standard- 
bearer who has made such declarations in regard 
to the rights of the South. 
Is it surprising, then, that the soutl)ern States 
should say: " It is not safe for us to remain longer 
in a Government which may be directed as an in- 
strument of hostility against us; it is not safe for 
us to remain longer under the rule of a Govern- 
mcnt whose President may misuse his patronage 
for the very purpose of stirring up civil strife 
among us, and also for the purpose of creating 
civil -war in our midst?" For it is known that a 
large portion—and that was but a year ago—of 
the Republican leaders and members in the House 
of Representatives indorsed and recommended a 
book which proposed the extinction of slavery by 
such means. Under such circumstances, I ask, 
is it surprising that the southern States should 
It is unsafe for us to remain under n Gov- 
say: 
crnmcnt which, instead of protecting us, may be 
directed against us, as an instrument of attack, 
unless we can be protected by some new consti- 
tutional guarantees, which will save our social 
sy.stcrn from such a warfare as this?" 
Mr. President, 
the southern people number 
thirteen million, and cover between 
now sorne 
cight hundred thousand and nine hundred thou- 
I sand square miles of territory. They I-lave, *lithin 
themsetves all the capacities of empn•e. Is it to be 
supposed that, when they are threatened in the 
common Government with an attack upon their 
social system, upon which their very being dc- 
pends, they will not withdraw from that Govern- 
men—unless they can be secured within the 
Union—for the purpose of establishing another, 
which they know can and will protect them ? Why, 
sir, what people is it that can stand a constant 
warfare upon their social system, waged for the 
purpose of d warfing and su ppressing and destroy- 
ing it? The social system of a people is its moral 
being; and the Government which would dwarf 
or suppress it is like the parent who' would con- 
sign his child to vice and ignorance. 
I know of 
instances in which nations have thriven under had 
laws; I know of instances in which nations have 
thriven when their allegiance was transferred by 
force from one country to another; I know Of 
none which survived the sudden and total pros- 
tration of its social system. To reduce them to 
that is to reduce them to anarchy, which is the 
death of a nation or a people. 
I say, therefore, sir, 
that the South is bound to 
take this course unless it can get some guarantees 
which will protect it in the IJnion, some constitu- 
tional guarantees which will serve that end; and 
I now ask, what should be the nature of the guar 
antees that would effectually prevent the social 
system from such assaults as these? I say, they 
must be guarantees ofa kind that will stop up all 
the avenues through which they have threatened 
to assail the social system of the South. There 
must be constitutional amendments which shall 
provide: first, that Congress shall have no power 
to abolish slavery in the States, in the District of 
Columbia, in the dock-yards, forts, and arsenals 
of the United States; second, that it shall not abol- 
ish, tax, or obstruct the slave trade between the 
States; third, that it shall be the duty of each of 
the States to suppress combinations within their 
jurisdiction forarmed invasions ofanother; fourth , 
that States shall be admitted with or without sla- 
very, according to the election of the people; fifth, 
that it shall be the duty of the States to restore 
fugitive slaves when within their borders, or to pay 
the value of the same; sixth, that fugitives from 
