1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
329 
justice shall be deemed all those who have of- 
fended against the laws of a State within its juris- 
diction , and who have escaped therefrom ; seventh , 
that Congress shall recognize and protect as prop- 
erty whatever is held to be such by the laws or 
prescriptions of any State within the Territories, 
dock-yards, forts, and arsenals of the United 
States, and wherever the United States has exclu- 
Sive jurisdiction; with the following exceptions: 
First, it may leave the subject of slavcry or invol- 
untary servitude to the people of the Territories 
when a law shall be passed to that effect with the 
usual sanction, and also with the assent ofa ma- 
jority of the Senators from the slaveholding States, 
and a majority of the Senators from the non- 
slaveholdihg States. That exception is designed 
to provide for the case where we might annex a 
Territory almost fully peopled, and whose people 
ought to have the right of self-government, and 
yet might not be ready to be admitted as a State 
Into thc Union. 
The next exception is, that Congress may 
divide the rrerritories, to the effect that slavery or 
involuntary servitude shall be prohibited in one 
portion of the territory, and recognized and pro- 
tected in another; provided the law has the sanc- 
tion of a majority from each of the sections as 
aforesaid," and that exception is designed to pro- 
vide for the case where an unpeopled Territory is 
annexed and it is a fair subject of division be- 
tween the two sections. 
Such , Mr. President, are the guarantees of prin- 
ciple, which, it seems to me, ought to be estab- 
lished by amendments to the Constitution; but I 
do not believe that these guarantees alone would 
protect the social system of the South against at- 
tack, and perhaps overthrow, from the superior 
power of the North. I believe that, in addition 
to these guarantees of principle, therc ought to be 
guarantees of power; because, if you do not adopt 
these, the South would still be subjected to the 
danger of an improper use of the patronage of 
the Executive, who might apply it for the purpose 
of stirring up civil strife and dissension amono 
them. The southern States might, too, notwith- 
standing these provisions, find themselves in a 
position in which the stronger party had construed 
them away, and asserted, perhaps, that there was 
some higher law, which nullified and destroyed 
them. To make the South secure, then, some 
power ought to be given it to protect its rights in 
the Union—somc veto power in the system, which 
would enable it to prevent it from ever being per- 
verted to its attack and destruction. 
And here, Mr. President, if the Senate will bear 
with me, I will procecd to sucgest such remedies 
in this regard as I think ought-to be applied, pre- 
mising that 1 do not mean, by anv means, to gay 
tl)at I suppose I arn suggesting {he only means 
I knox.,v 
on which a settlement may be rnade. 
there ure others—others on which I would agree 
but I am suffgesting the means on 
to settle It— 
which I think the best and the most permanent 
settlement can be made; and I do not think that 
any permanent peace an be secured, unless we 
provide some guara ces of power, as well as of 
principle. 
In regard to thi guarantee of power, in the first 
place, I would resort to the dual executive, as 
proposed by Mr. Calhoun, not in the shape in 
. which he recommended it, but in another forrn, 
which, I think, is not obnoxious to the objection 
that may be fairly taken against his plan. would 
provide that each section should elect a President, 
to be called a first and a second President; the 
first to serve for four years as President, the next 
to succeed him at the end of four years, and to 
govern for four other years, and afterwards to be 
I would provide that, during the term 
Feéligible. 
of service of the first President, the second should 
be President of the Senate, with a casting vote in 
case of a tie; and that no treaty should be valid 
which did not have the signature of both Pres- 
idents, and the assent of two thirds of the Senate; 
that no law should be valid which did not have 
the assent of both Presidents, or in the event of 
a veto by one of them, the assent of a majority 
of the Senators of the section from which he came; 
that no person should be appointed to a local 
office in the section from which the second Pres- 
ident was elected, unless the appointment had the 
assent of that President, or in the event of his 
veto, the assent of a majority of the Senators from 
the section from which he came. 
And, sir, if I had the power, I would c%ange 
the mode of electing these Presidents; I would 
provide that each State should be divided into 
presidential electoral districts; that each district 
should elect one man, and that these representa- 
tives from the whole United States should meet 
in onc chamber, and that the two men who, after 
a certain number of ballots, received the highest 
number of votes should be submitted as the can- 
didates to the people, and he should be declared 
as President who received a majority of the dis- 
tricts—the districts each voting singly. I would 
do this to destroy the opportunities which are 
given under our present system of nomination to 
the formation of corrupt combinations for pur- 
poses of plunder and of patronage. I would sub- 
stitute this, instead of the national conventions, 
which have already done so much harm in our 
system. 
I. would also diminish the temptation to such 
corrupt combinations for spoils and patronage, by 
the fact that the President, after the first election, 
would be elected four years before he commenced 
his service as President, and in the mean time he 
would be training as a second President at the 
head of the Senate, and exercising the veto power. 
The fact that he was elected four years before- 
hand would do much to prevent such combina- 
tions; but, further than this, the effect of such a 
division of the Executive power would be to de- 
stroy, to a creat extent, the miserable system of 
rotation in oflice, which exists at present, and to 
make merit the test of the fitness for office and a 
guarantee for his permanence in place; for, as the 
second President would probably keep those in 
offce during his term of President whom he had 
protected by his veto power before, if they were 
worthy of the place, the effect would be, at least 
if this system were introduced, that the rotation 
principle would be applied, if' at all, not once in 
four years, but once eight years. 
But this plan would have another good effect. 
It would save us from most of those agitations 
attending a presidential election which now dis- 
turb the country, which unsettle public affairs, 
and which are doing so much to demoralize and 
corrupt the people. The election would take 
place in one section at a time; it would take place 
each section but once in eight years; and in 
this way we should cscape, those disturbances 
which are now dividing and destroying us. 
Mr. President, I do not believe that under this 
system the objection would apply which has been 
urged against the ccnnmon dual executive. I have 
no idea that it would get up two parties, each con- 
centrated around the different Presidents; because 
the second President '„vould exercise his veto power 
only for the protection of his section, and would 
not wish to offend the other section, whose good 
will would bc valuable to him hereafter; nor would 
hc wish to impair and injure the influence of the 
office to which he was to succeed after his prede- 
cessor had passed through his term of service. 
The rule between them would be the rule of jus- 
tice; and the probability is, that whenever. there 
was a dispute, it would be apt to end in adopting 
that course wh ich either was just, or which seemed 
to be just, to both sections. 
Neither, sir, would it opcrate to retard or delay 
the operations of the Government to too great an 
In timc of war, the operation would be 
extent. 
In time of peace, the delay would 
quick enough. 
only occur where there was a dispute between the 
sections; and there the movements of Govern- 
ments ought to be slow until some means are 
found for conciliating and adjusting the diffculty. 
But, Mr. President, I will go further. I believe, 
putting out of consideration these sectional ques- 
tions, that the working of' the present executive 
system of our Governrnent will destroy it in the 
end, and lead either to disunion or despotism, if 
which made -the'contributions to. the Governme»t 
by which it was supported' 
in return but the general benefits of its progec!ion 
and legislation; and he said, and said in 
my opinion, that whenevei• this tax-Consuming 
party, as he called it, got possession pf the.u •ov- 
ernment, the people must *decay,. and the 
ernmen t must either go _to pieces or assumeanother 
and different form. 
Now, sir, I say that the working of our prese 
ent executive system is such as to produce cparty 
of that description in the country,' and give it the 
power of ruling its affairs. - Place the predomi- 
nant power in this Government in such hands, 
and I say one of -two things must certainly hap- 
pen: -the Union will go to pieces in the collision 
which such a state of things would occasion, or 
else the Government would eventuate in a despot- 
ism. 
The check which I propose would not, only 
remedy this evil, by giving a sectional check 
where a sectional check xsnecessary., but it would 
do more; it would do much to purify the general 
legislation of the country, and do much to elevate 
the tone of public morals and manners through- 
out the land. I believe that this single change 
would do more to give us a permanent Union, a 
just and effcient Government, than any other that 
could bc made. 
But, Mr. President, that is not the only check 
which, in a reconstruction of this Government 
and Union, ought, in my opinion, to be intro- 
duced. lb is well known that some of tße• most 
important objects of this Constitution and Union 
are left simply to the discretion of the States; that 
there is a large class of rights, and important 
rights, for which there are no remedies, or next 
to no remedies. Those provisions which are de- 
signed to secure free trade and free intercourse 
between the citizens of the States can all of them 
be nullified or set aside by State legislation. The 
States can pass laws so to obstruct this free inter- 
course that the consti tu tional privilege may amount 
to nothing; and if this Union had endured, and 
these contests had continued , we should have seen 
laws passed in a spirit of retaliation by the States 
which would have broken up free trade between 
them. They could have taxed the commodities 
of the obnoxious States after the package was 
broken, under the decision of the Supreme Court 
itself. They could make it penal in their citizens 
to use the ships of another State, if it was obnox- 
ious to them; and in many other ways they could, 
by their legislation, destroy some of the most 
important objects of the Constitution. 
I believe, myself, that it was intended, by the 
framers of that inslrumcnt, that the States should 
have been mainly instrumental in restoring fugi- 
tives from labor, or, to speak more plainly, fugi- 
tive slaves. We know that it is in their power, 
not only to refrain from discharging this dutyt 
but actually to obstruct and impede the Govern- 
ment of the United Slates in its effort to execute 
the law. There are certain rights for which there 
It is provided, for instance, that 
are no remedies. 
no State shall maintain an army; and yet, if it 
does so, there is no remedy to prcvent it. 
Now, sir, I propose, in order to secure the 
proper enforcement of these rights for which, as . 
I say, there are no adequate remedies, that the 
Supreme Court should also be adjusted. It should 
consist of ten judges—five from cach section—the 
I would al- 
Chief Justice to be one of thc five. 
low any State to cite another State before this 
tribunal to charge it with having failed to perform 
its constitutional obligations; and if the court de- 
cidcd a State thus cited to be in default, thon I 
would provide, if it did not repair the wrong it 
had done, that any State might deny to its citizens 
within its jurisdiction the privileges of citizens in 
all the States; that it might tax its commerce and 
I believe it svill the property of its people until it ceased to be in 
some amendment be not made. 
default. Thus, I would provide a remedy without 
do so because the working of our executive sys- 
tem is now such as to beget and bring up a party bringing the General Government into collision 
whose existence and foundation depend upon with the States; and without bringing the Supreme 
I have often heard Mr. Cal- Court into collision with them. Whenever inter- 
spoils and plunder. 
national stipulations in regard to the. duties im- 
houn say that most of the conflicts in every Gov- 
st to result in the posed on the States, as laid down in the Consti- 
ernmcnt would be found at la 
tution, are violated, I would remedy the wrong 
contests between two parties, which he denom- 
I would give a State 
inated the tax-consuming and the tax-paying par- by international remedies. 
ties. Ell he tax-consuming party, he said, was that the right, in such cases, after the adjudication Of 
II the court, to deny to the offending State the per. 
which fed upon the revenues of the Government, 
the spoils of offce, the benefits of unequal and formance of the mutual obligations which had 
elass legislation; the tax-paying party was that been created for its benefit. In this way, I believe 
