330 
t•h'åtthésewrOngs might be remedied •without pro- 
diicing.collisioh in the system. A self-executing 
process Would thus provide a remedy for the 
wrong; •without a jar. to the machinery of Gov- 
erhment. 
In order to make this check effcient, it should 
be provided that the judgesof the Supreme Court 
in section' should be.appointed by the Pres• 
ident from that section, and this is the orily -ori- 
ginal appointing power which I would give to thc 
"Cond President. 
I- have'. présented this scheme, Mr. President, 
as which, in my opinion,would adjust the 
difféi•éiiccs between the two social systems, and 
whiOh would- protect each from the assault of thö 
other: 'If%this were done, so that we were made 
mutually safe, I, for one, would be willing to 
regulate 'the right of secession, which I hold to 
be a right not given in the Constitution, but re- 
stilt-in" from the naturc of the compact. I would 
proviäe, that bcfore a State seceded it should 
Summon a convention of the States in the section 
to which it belonged, and submit to them a state- 
ment of its grievances and wrongs. Should a 
majority of the States in such a convention decide 
the complaint to be well founded, then the State 
ought to be permitted to secede in peace. For, 
whenever a majority of States in an entire section 
shall declare that good cause for secession exists, 
then who can dispute that it ought to take place ? 
Should they say, however, that no good cause 
existed, then the moral -force of such a decision , 
on the' part of confederates ofthose who are bound 
to the complaining State by identical and homo- 
geneous interests, would prevent it from prosecut- 
ung the- claim any furthcr. 
believc that the 
system thus adjusted would give us a permanent 
Union, an efficient, a useful , and just Government. 
I think our Government would then rank amonr» 
the most permanent of human institutions. 
my honest opinion that, with a Government thus 
balanced, and with such capacities for empire as 
our people possess, we should build up a politi- 
cal system whose power and stability and benefi- 
Cial Influences would be unparalleled in alf the 
histoéy of the past. 
I know, Mr. President, it may be said that 
such a distribution of power does not accord with 
the principle of distributing according to 
numbers; but I say if that be thc true principle at 
all, it-applies only to States which have a single 
government; -it does not apply to confederacies; 
and if it were left to me to amend this Constitu- 
(ion, would stamp upon this Government a 
character still more distinctly federative than that 
which it now bears. I suy, then, that the distri- 
bation of power which propose would bc on- 
tirely just upon the federative principle. Nor 
would my proposition be at all more inconsiBtcut 
with -the principle of distributing power according 
Jo numbers than the arrangements of the present 
Federal Constitution. Nothing in my scheme is 
more unequal than the provision which gives the 
six New England States twelve Senators while 
New York has only two, although the popula- 
Lion of that State is as great, and I bclicvegrcnter, 
than that of all the New Encrland States together. 
There is nothing in the scileme now proposed, 
iFIconsi•stent with the federativc principle; and if 
the slaveholding and the non-slaveholding States 
had been apart for a dozen years in dif- 
ferent confederacies, and there was a proposition 
to unite those confederacies in one, no tnan would 
think it extreme, or be surprised if each of the 
confederaciesinsisted upon such powers and such 
guarantees as would enable it to defend its own 
social system and to secure equality, together 
with the opportunity for expansion according to 
the peculiar law of its development. 
But, Mr. Prcsidcnt, as I said before, I do not 
mean to declare that this is the only 6chcme upon 
which I will settle. I say I believe it to afford 
the best basis of settlement which has yet been 
devised. There. are other schemes upon which 
would settle. I would settle uponsometliing which 
would give only a truce, providcd it promised to 
be a long truce, and then trust to public opinion 
and the progress of truth to rt•medy future evils 
when they Inig}lt arise. 
But I would prefer, when 
we do settle, after all this turmoil and confusion, 
that we should do so upon some principle which 
promises us a pertuanent adjustment, constant 
and continuinæ peace, a safe, an effcient, and a 
stable Government. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 11, 
Mr. *resident, I have founded my suggestions 
upon the faet„ which I take to be an accomplished 
fact, that some of the States of this Union have 
already withdrawn, and that the old Union has 
been dissolved, and has gone. I believe there is 
no way of obtaining a Union except through a 
reconstruction, because I utterly repudiate and 
deny that it can be done through the system of 
coercion, which some have proposed. Sir, I say, 
if you were to atternpt coercion, and by conquest 
to restore the Union, it would not be the Union of 
ourfathers; butavery different one, I say it would 
be a Union constructed in entire opposition to the 
true American spirit and American principles; a 
Union ofa number of subjugated provinces with 
others who governed them and wielded thc whole 
power of the Confederacy. 
But, sir, I maintain that coercion, if it were pos- 
sible, is not right; and that if it were right, it is not 
possible. I think it can bc shown that it is neither 
right nor possible. I believe that it can be proved 
that the only effect of an attempt at coercion would 
be to destroy the chances ofa reconstruction of the 
Union, or, in other words, to defeat all the hopes 
that are left to the friends of a Union in the coun- 
try. I say that if it were possible, it is not right. 
I believe It is not right, because I believe in the 
right of secession in the States. It is not my pur- 
pose to repeat the argument which has bcen so 
much better madc by my friend, the distinguished 
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. BENJAMIN.] I do 
not mean to argue that question; I merely say 
that, to my mind, it lies in a nutshell. 
truc that our Constitution isa compact, as history 
demonstrates, bctwcen the States as parties; and 
if it be true, as Mr. Madison has demonstrated, 
that there is no common arbiter in disputes be- 
tween these parties; and if it be true, as Mr. Web- 
ster has said, that a bargain broken on one side is 
broken on all sides, then it rcsnlts inevitably that 
it is for the State to say whether the bargain has 
been broken, and to act accordingly. I do not say 
that this right o? secession is laid down in the 
Constitution. It results from the nature of the 
compact. When two nations enter into a treaty 
of mutual obligations, and one fails to fulfill its 
part, the other may cancel it; not from any stip- 
ulat.ion in the treaty, but from th nat.urc of the 
It is the very rerne 
..for the very 
compact. 
wrong; and, indccd, it is the only remedy for the 
wrong. 
But, sir, I care not what you call it; call it rev- 
olution, if you choose; let this bo the name t.hat 
you give it; I still say I think I can show you 
from the Constitution that you have no right to 
interfere with it. 
If it bc revolution, it is organ- 
ized revolution; it is a revolution conducted by an 
organized body, and so acknowledged to be in the 
Constitution itself. 
If it be revolution, it is a rev- 
olution managed by the government which the 
Constitution acknowledges to bc a legal govern- 
—I mean the government of the State. How, 
ment 
then, could this Government pretend to treat as a 
rebel him who oboysagovcrnmcnt that itacknowl- 
cdges• to be legitimate? Especially, how can it 
intcrfcre to treat him as such when he has acted 
under a warrant from the very power from which 
this Government derives its authority? How does 
this Government derive its authority to administer • 
its functions within the State of Virginia? It 
derives it from the assent of the people of thc State 
of Virginia, given in the convention which repro- 
sent.od them in their sovoreicn capacity. How 
does the State govcrnrnent derivc its authority ? 
From the very same source; and in any dispute 
between the two, as to authority, it is for the 
source of authority to both to say whom the cit- 
izen shall obey. This Government rests and bas 
its being in the assent of the pcoplc of the differ- 
ent States; and without it the Constitution has 
clearly created a Govct•nmcnt which cannot exist 
or be administered within a Stato. Thcn, if it be 
true that this Constitution created a Federal Gov- 
ernment which cannot be administered within its 
limits without the assent of the people of the State, 
it would follow that the Constitution has declared, 
by implication, 
that the only authorit.y of that 
Government rests upon the assent of the people 
of the State; and that when this is withdrawn, it 
has no longer any ricrht.ful jurisdiction within it. 
Is it, then, ti•uc that this Governnlcnt is so con- 
structcd by the Constitution that it cannot execute 
its functions within the State without the assent 
so, then the Constitution clearly implies that the 
authority of the General Government is gone 
within the limits of a State when the people of 
that State have ',vithdrawn their assent to its ju- 
risdiction—a conclusion which is in entire accord- 
ance with the principles of free government as laid 
down by the fathers of the Constitution. 
I proceed then, Mr. President, to make good 
my proposition, that this Federal Government 
cannot be carried on within thc limits and juris- 
diction of a State, without the assent, the aid, and 
the sympathy of its people. 
In the first place, it 
depends on the Legislatures of the different States 
to elect members of this body. If a m4jority of 
the States, although they might represent a small 
minority of the people, were to refuse to send 
Senators here, your Government is gone; you 
have lost one of the most important arms of the 
system; you have no longer u Senate. 
But, sir, in order to carry out. the functions of 
this Government you must administer its judicial 
powers. Can you administer the judicial powers 
of this Government within a State if that State 
withdraws its assent and is determined to resist 
that administration? Can you do it by any means 
given you under the Constitution? Suppose a 
State repeals the penalties for murder as against 
the offcers of the General Government; suppose , 
it repeals tho penalties for false imprisonment as 
acainst those omcers; suppose it should say it 
had reason to fear that the @ffcers of the General 
Government would be appointed under influences 
which would be utterly destructive to its domestic 
peace and social system, and that they must give 
bonds for good behavior, with sureties to be found 
in the State itself: if a State were to undertake 
to obstruct the course of Federal justice in that 
way, where would thc remedy be' found within 
the constitutional power of this Government? 
Would it undertake to pass a code of municipal 
legislation in order to protect the persons, and 
property, and effects of its offcers? Could it 
say that its offerers should not be answerable to 
the jurisdiction of the Statc for offenses agailjst 
the laws of the State when they were within its 
jurisdiction? Certainly they could not do that, 
consistently with the Constitution. When it 
came to such a pass as that, they would have the 
same right to enact and execute a municipal code 
for all the people of the States, that they would 
havc to makc one for that portion of the pcoplc 
who constituted the mass of the Federal officers. 
But, sir, that is not all. To obtain the right of 
exclusive legislation within dock-yards, fbrts, 
arsenals, and other needful buildings, Congress 
must have, first, the consent of the States. That 
must be given under the Constitution. Supposen 
State refuses its consent. Where would be your 
court-houses, your forts, your custom-houses ? 
Where would you have the locus in quo, from 
which to administer the functions and the power 
of this General Government? Everywhere, if 
they were to refuse to give you this assent, you 
would be under State jurisdiction; and thus it 
would be in the power of thc State constantly to 
thwart, obstruct, and prevent the administration 
of Federal justice, or the admi*tration of Federal 
power, within her limits and Jurisdiction. 
So, too, it is in the power of the States, if they 
choose, if they undertake to withdraw their as- 
sent from this Constitution, to defeat these great 
ends of the Union, which I have before de- 
scribed as designed to insurc free intercourse and 
• free trade betwoen the citizens of the several 
States. Thus it will be found, when you come to 
cxaminc the matter, that thi.s Federal Govern- 
I ment cannot exercisc its most important and its 
essential functions within the limits of a State if 
thc people of that State refuse to assent to its power, 
and choose to obstruct it by means which they 
have under the Constitution of the United States. 
If this bc so, what is the result to bc derived from 
that fact? The result is, that the framers of the 
Constitution supposed that this Federal Govern- 
ment would only be an authorizcd Government 
within a State so long as it had the assent of the 
people of that State; and that when the people of 
that State witbdrew their assent, it was not the 
authorized Government; and therefore they pro- 
vided no means for enforcing its powers a.nd for 
exercising its jurisdiction. Is not that the inevi- 
table conclusion, from thc facte to which I have 
just alluded? Sir, the only mode in which you 
of the State, OF aryainst its will and authority? If could protect the administration of the Federal 
