332 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 11, 
hope and trust that some settlement may be-had, 
gome reconstruction to make this Umon more 
permanent and this Government more valuable 
than éver it has been to us in the past. Secession 
does not necessarily destroy the Union, or rather 
the hopes of reunion; it may turn out to be the 
necessary _path to reconstruction. The secession 
of the Roman people tothe Sacred. Mount did not 
destroy Ronie. On the Contrary, it led to a recon- 
struction of the constitution, to the tribunitian 
veto, to new securities for the equality and libeity 
of the people. The Roman Government became 
more permanent and powerful than before, and 
the Roman people benefited by the change. But 
if it should- turn out that in this exchange of prop- 
ogitione it was- impossible to accommodate the 
difference, still it might result in the establish- 
ment of some league, not merely commercial, but 
political,' holdink us together by a looser bond 
than any which has bound us heretofore, and we 
might- thus still secure many of the benefits of this 
Government and this Union, while we left each 
section free to follow the law of its own genius, 
and to develop itself according to the promptings 
of its own nature. 
I say, therefore, that, so far as I can weigh the 
question, it is no more a question of Union, but 
one of reunion. To produce reunion, 
it is es- 
sential that the southern States should be allowed 
to take that position which it is obvious they are 
going to take, in peace. You must give, too, all 
the Ome- you can, and offer all the opportunities 
you may, to those who desire to make an effort 
for the reconstruction of this Confederacy. Sir, I 
say 1 am one of those; for while I believe that 
the South owes it to itself first to secure its own 
position, to provide for its own protection, to 
unite in such strength as will enable it to defend 
itself against all goers and comers, I also be- 
lieve that the interests of mankind, our own inter- 
ests, and the interests of our confederates, would 
then require that we shoul(l reconstruct the old 
Union it we can, or rather constructa new IJnion 
on terms of equality and of justice. 
But, Mr. .President, will this he possible if we 
enter into a course of civil war? If brother be- 
gins to shed the- blood of brother, 
and people 
become irritated and excited at the sight of 
blood, will it bc possible to reunite us again ? 
And, sir, I ask if the Republicans are willißg, if 
they mean to insist, to add civil war to the long 
catalogue of enormities for which they are to be 
held responsible hereafter? Is it not enough that 
they have marched into power over the ruins of 
the Constitution, and that they have seized this 
Government at thc cxpense of the Union? Will 
they be contented with nothing loss now than 
civil war, and such a strife, oceording to their 
own account of it, as is unparalleled in the his- 
tory Of modern and civilized warfare? It is said 
that this fratricidal contest is to bc attended with 
horrors and atrocities at which even the men of 
Wallenstein, her whiskered pandours and fierce 
hussars," would stand aghast and pale. 
I would ask if they are, indeed, willing •to Ict 
loose the dogs of war, hot from hcll, to raven 
through this land; if they desire that " one spirit 
of the first-born Cain " shall reign in every Atner- I 
ican bosom, to prepare the hearts and minds of 
men for blood, and to stir up fratricidal strife 
throughout this once happy country? What ex- 
cuse, when they have returned from such a war 
of devastation and ruin, will thoy bc able to give 
to their own consciences? How will they account 
with humanity for its best hopes, which they 
have destroyed; for having crushed out and ex- 
tinguished the highest capacities for usefulness, 
progress, and development, which were ever be- 
stowed on man? Sir, what judgment will pos- 
terity pronounce upon them when it comes to sit 
in judgment on the deeds occasioned by such un- 
hallowed ambition ? Will it not say, " You found 
peace, and you established war; you found an 
empire of the United States, and you have rent 
and scattered it into separate and hostile frag- 
And, more awful still, what account will they 
render at the bar of Heaven, when, from many a 
bu rning homestead and many a bloody battle-field , 
spectra-I hosts shall appear to accuse them there; 
when the last wail of suffering childl'1Q0d shall 
rise from tlle very depths of the grave to make its 
feeble plaint against them, and the tears of woman, 
helpless woman, shall plead against them for her 
wounded honor in the voiceless woe of hér ineffa- 
ble despaif_? How will they account for it before 
man and God, before earth and Heaven, if they 
close with blood this great American experiment 
which was inaugurated by Providence in the wil- 
derness to insure peace on earth and good will to 
man; an experiment which was maintained and 
conducted by our fathers, not only by their blood, 
but with their most pious care? How will they 
hide themselves from the accusation, when one 
universal voice of misery and despair shall be 
heard throughout the land ? 
1 say to them, sir, that it will be no compensa- 
tion or excuse for such sins that they have suc- 
ceeded in enabling themselves to wave a barren 
scepter over a mutilated empire, an exhausted arid 
a suffering land! Why is it that these threats 
are made? Is it done for the purpose of prevent- 
ing the southern States from seceditp? Never 
have been taken more ill-judged steps to secure 
an end. They but precipitate and hasten what 
they wish to prevent. Such th rcats of coercion 
as these only serve to make the southern States 
precipitate themselves into the arms of each other, 
that they may stand together in a common cause, 
and unite their strength to make a common de- 
fi2nse. I say, for my own State, that she has 
not yet commissioned me to speak; she is taking 
counsel at home as to her future action; but this 
I do feel aulhorized to declare: she loves peace, 
and she desires to avoid war; but she will not be 
deterred from asserting her rights by threats of 
coercion or from any fear of consequences. Sir, 
once before in her past history, in the sacred name 
of honor, liberty, and equality, she staked her 
destiny on the war of the Revolution, when " 
the 
cause of Boston wras the cause of all;" and for the 
same high considerations, I know that she will 
imperil all again, if she bclievcs it to be her duty 
to do so. Al'bd if the day shall over come when 
she can neither defend her honor nor assert her 
rights because thc hand of power wields its bloody 
sword before her, she will feel that it would be 
better for hor natnc and farne to perish with them. 
Republican Senators, why those threats of 
coercion scnt to the southern States, who are seek- 
ing to do no evil to others, but merely to protect 
arid defend themselves? Do they go out with 
any purpose of attacking your rights? Do they 
secede with the wish to injure disturb you in 
any manner? Are they not going out simply for 
thc purpose of exercising that first law of nature 
and of nations, the right of self-government, be- 
cause they believe they are not safe under your 
rule? A ro they not willii')g to meet all the respons- 
ibilities which they may have incurred while thicy 
were carrying on a joint government with you? 
Why, then, sirs, do you claim to pursue them 
with fire and with sword; and why do you deny 
to them that right which belongs to every organ- 
ized people? When we were asserting that right 
against thc Government of Great Britain, 
we 
claimed, and wc received, the sympathies of the 
whole civilized world. When the Spanish prov 
inccs rebelled against tl'he mother country, we 
wrere quick to express our sympathy and regard 
for their cause. When Greece, distant Greece, 
asserted her independence, we were m-nong the 
first to express our sympathy for her. Now, sir, 
tl'1C right which we are frec to offer, and the sym- 
path y which wc gladly extend, to foreicyners and 
to aliens, are refused to our own brethren; and 
you say that, if they attcmpt to exercise them, 
you will pursue them to the death. 
Mr. President, is it to be supposed that any 
Anglo-Saxon people, people of our own blood 
and race, would submit to such demands? Is there 
any free people who are worthy of liberty, who 
would not say that sooner than yield to such dc- 
mands as these we bid you to wrap in flames our 
dwellings, und float our land in blood? I believe 
if they attempt to coerce the southern people in 
this regard, they will meet not only with the 
general detestation of mankind, but with such re- 
sistunce as has never been shown before in the 
world, except, perliaps, ill the history of Holland, 
i whose people fought behind the dykes and flooded 
their land with the waves of the sea, preferrit)ff 
death in any and every form rather than submis- 
Sion to such oppression and tyranny. 
But, Mr. President, I do not wish to pursue 
this line of argument. 
I do 110t desire to engage 
in any discussion which so much stirs the blood 
as the supposition that such rights as these are to 
be denied to any portion of my countrymen. I 
choose rather to stand in the character in which 
I appear this day. I stand here to plead for peace; 
not that my State, in my opinion, has any reason 
to fear "var more that another, but because it is 
the interest of all to preserve the peace, 
sacred names of humanity and of Christian civ- 
ilization; In the names of thirty miliion human 
souls, men, women, 
d children, whose lives, 
whose honor, and wh e happiness, depend upon 
the events of such a civil war as that with which 
we are threatened; in the name of the great Ame- 
ican experiment, which, as I said before, was 
founded by Providence in the wilderness, and 
which, I insist, has not yet failed; I appeal to 
the American people to prevent the effusion of 
blood. It is said that the very scent of blood 
stirs up the animal passions of man. Give us 
time for the play of reason. Let us see, after the 
southern States have secured themselves by some 
united action, if wc cannot brine together once 
more our scattered divisions; if we cannot close 
up our broken ranks; if we cannot find some place 
of conciliation, some common ground upon which 
we all may rally once more; and when the col- 
umns come mustering in from the distant North 
and the furthest South, from the rising and from 
the setting sun, to take their part in that grand 
review, the shout of their war-cry shall shake the 
air until it brings down the very birds in their 
flight as it ascends to the heavens to proclaim to 
the world that we are united once more, brothers 
in war, and brothers in peace, ready to tüke our 
wontéd place in the front line of thé mighty 
march of human progress, and able and willing 
to play for the mastery in that game of nations 
where the prizes are power and empire, and where 
victory may crown our name vvith eternal fame 
and deathless renown. 
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President— 
Mr. BAKER. By the leave of the Senator 
from Iowa, I desire to ask the gentleman from 
Virginia, if hc will allow me, and consider it re- 
spectful, one question. 
Mr. HUNTER. What is the question? 
Mr. BAK E R. It is this: if a rnajority of this 
branch of Congress, the constit.utional majority, 
and a majority of the other branch, also the 
constitutio•nal majority, shall pass constitutional 
amendments, to be submitted according to the 
forms of the Constitution, for the consent and ap- 
probation of the people; in that event, if they be 
such as substantially meet the views of gentle- 
men on the other side, will the Senator from Vir- 
ginia, so far as he can, throw the weight of Vir- 
ginia, and especially the weight of his own indi- 
vidual character, to maintain the Constitution as 
it is, the Government as it is, the laws as they 
now are, with the power of the Government, until 
the people, or the States, shall have decided upon 
those amendments ? 
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator has asked me 
some questions which I cannot answer. I cannot 
answer for Virginia; I am not authorized to do 
so. I can only say this: that I will vote for the 
propositions of the Senator from Kentucky which 
were presented in committee; and other gentlemen 
declared that they belicvcd they would be satis- 
factory; but whether the people, who are now 
seceding and getting in Imc together for pur- 
poses of common defense, would wait to ascer- 
tain whether the States would adopt them, I am 
not authorized to say. 
Mr. BAKER. That is not quite it; 1 do not 
naake myself understood by the gentleman. Wil) 
the gentleman himself, as a Senator 
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator is not satis- 
fied, I cannot satisfy him. 
Mr. BAKER. Ah! 
Mr. HARLAN addressed the Senate for two 
hours and a half. [His speech will be published 
in the Appendix.] 
Mr. POLK. I move to postpone the subject 
under consideration until Monday next, at one 
o'clock; at which time I should like to have an 
opportunity to address the Senate. 
Mr. WILSON. I believe we have the message 
of the Prf'sident under consideration, have we not? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER 
in the chair.) That subject is not now before the 
Senate. 
Mr. TYVILSON. 1 understood it was under 
consideration. 
Mr. POLK. No, sir. 
