1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. The resolution 
of the Senator from Virginia is before the Senate; 
and the motion is that it be postponed unti* Mon- 
day next, and made the special order for that day 
at one o'clock. 
The motion was agreed to, 
EXECUTIVE SESSION. 
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the. Senate pro- 
ceeded to the consideration of executive business; 
and after some time spent therein, the doors were 
reopened, and the Senate adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
FRIDAY, January 11, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
The Jou ofyestcrday was read and approved. 
COMMAND OF ARMY AND NAVY. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent 
of thb House to offer the followino resolution: 
Resolved, (as the judgment of this House,) That in the 
present state of the couitry, it would be wise and patriotic 
itn• the President the United Stares to confer, tempora- 
rily, the power of Commander-in-Chief of' the Army and 
Navy upon Lieutenant General Winfield Scott, and charge 
him to see that the Republic should receive no detriment. 
Mr. JONES. 1 object to that resolution. 
Mr. CURTIS. I would like to say one word 
in reference to that resolution. The of 
the United States cannOt delegate the power of 
Commander-in-Chicf of the Army and Navy to 
General Scott or anybody else. 
The SPEAKER. The resolution is objected 
to, and cannot be received. 
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the objection will be 
withdrawn, and that we may have a vote on the 
resolution by yeas and nays. 
Mr. JONES. I withdraw my objection to the 
resolution. I am willing that a vote shall be taken 
upon it, that we may see who is in favor of the 
establishrnent of a military despotism. 
.Mr. KILGORE. I renew the objection to the 
resolution. 
EXCUSE FROM SERVICE. 
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of priv- 
I see my name announced as a member of 
the select committee to whom was referred the 
recent messa«e of the President of the United 
I ask to be excused from service on that 
States. 
I have a great rnany rcasons for 
committee. 
making this request of the House, which it is not 
nccessary now to give. 
The question was taken; and B'lr. HICKMAN 
was excused from service upon the select com- 
miltee. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS was afterwards ap- 
pointed to fill tbc vacancy. 
JEREMIAH PENDERGAST. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 call for the regular order 
of business. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire to appeal to the 
gentleman frorn Ohio to permit me to ask the 
unanimous consent of the House to dischargc the 
Committcc of the -WV hole House from the further 
consideration of a bill for the relief of Jeremiah 
Pendergast, a soldier who, I am informed, is now 
sick, and in very needy circumstances. It isa bill 
to increase his pension from four to eight dollars 
a month, and has been unanimously reported. 
Mr. SHERMAN. In the regular order of 
ness the committee, of which the gentleman is a 
member, will be called. 
Mr. BURNETT. The bill is already in the 
It has passed 
Committee of the Whole House. 
the Senate; and I ask the to pass it now. 
Mr. FENTON. 1 call for the regular order of 
I know a great •many cases of equal 
business. 
merit that are pressing upon the House in like 
manner. 
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi- 
ness is the call of committees for reports of a pri- 
vate character. 
JAMES L. EDWARDS. 
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the Committee of 
Claims, reported back, with a recommpndation 
that it do pass, a bill (C. C. No. 97) for the relief 
of James L. Edwards, administrator of Thomas 
R. Gedney, deceased; which was referred to a 
ComrniLtee of the -'V hole House, and, with the 
accompanying report, ordered to be printed. 
ADVERSE REPORT. 
Mr. MOORHEAD, -from the Committee on 
Commerce, made an adverse report on the peti- 
tion of F. E. Hassler•, which was laid upon the 
table, and ordered to be printed. 
IIEIRS OF NOAII WISWALL. 
Mr. LOVEJOY, from the Committee on Pub- 
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relicf of the heirs 
and legal representatives of Noah Wiswall; which 
was read a first and second time, referred to a 
Committee of the Whole • House, and, with the 
accompanying report, ordered to be printed. 
THOMAS REDMOND. 
On motion of Mr. II ALE, the Committee of 
Claims was discharged from the further consid- 
eration of the petition of Thomas Redmond; and 
the same was referred to the Committee on Inva- 
lid Pensions. 
LAND OFFICE REPORT. 
Mr. LOVEJOY, from the Committee on Pub- 
lic Lands, reported tho following resolution ; which 
was referred, under the rules, to the Committee 
on Printincr: 
Ordered, That the Public Printer bc instructed to furnish 
five hundred copies of the last annual report of the General 
Land Oflice, Ibr the use of said office. 
F. W. BEAUCHAMP AND BETSEY D. TOWNSEND. 
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, from the Commit- 
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported a 
bill for the relief of F. W. Beauchamp and Betsey 
D. Townsend; which was read a first and second 
time. 
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. 1 ask that the bill 
be put upon its passage; and hope the House 
will hear my colleague from the third district 
[Mr. BRISTOW] for a moment. 
Mr. BRISTOW. One word, if you please. 
Mr. FENTON. If this bill is to take up the 
time of the House in debate, I must object to it. 
Mr. BRISTOW. It will up no time. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New 
York is laboring under a misapprehension. The 
Chair thinks that a single objection is not suff- 
cient to prevent the consideration of a bill, if it 
contains no appropriation. 
Mr. BRISTOW. Mr. Beauchamp, the 
cant in this case, had a young son, a little over 
sixteen years of age, and imprudently placcd him 
in a drug store at which the post office was con- 
ducted. The boy was chal•ged with taking a 
He was in- 
small sum of rnouey fronl a letter. 
dictcd in the district court of Kcntucky. His 
father beca•me his security. The bond was for- 
fcited. His father applied to the President of the 
United States to be released; but there was no 
law authorizing his release, or it would I'lave been 
done. The law simply applies to the District of 
Columbia, and no further; and the Constitution 
did not authorize it. He now applies to Congress 
simply to be released from that bond. An exe- 
cution has been levied upon all his property, and 
he wili be beggared unless hc is released. The 
boy, as I havc stated, was over sixteen years of 
age. His neighbors have applied with great unan- 
imity; t.he Governor of Kentucky has applied; 
every Representative in Congress from Kentucky 
has applied; and all the good people in the neigh- 
borhood look upon it as a case in which relief 
should be given. It is simply a release of the 
principal and security of the bond. Every dollar 
of the costs has been paid, and is certified here 
upon the papers on record. I trust that no gen- 
tlcman will object to the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be ervrossed and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, moved to recon- 
sider the vote by '.vhich the bill was passed; and 
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon 
the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
MARVIN M. HICKOX AND A. M. PETTINGILL. 
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, from the Commit- 
tee on the Post Offce arid Post Roads, reported 
a bili for the relief of Marvin M. Hickox and A. 
M. Pettingiil, of Vigo county, Indiana; which 
was read a first and second time. 
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. 1 ask that the bill 
bc put upon its passage. 
It directs the Post- 
The Clerk read the bill. 
master General to pay to Marvin M. Hickox and 
A. M. Pettirigil•l $41 06, being one month 'extra 
pay for one weekly trip discontinued-bithe 
master General on a mail route. on whiéh. they 
were eon tractors. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
REPRESENTATIVES OF NOAH WISWALL. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous congent 
of the House that the Committee of the •Whole 
House be discharged from the further considera- 
tion of the bill for the relief of the heirs and legal' 
representatives of Noah Wiswall, and that -the 
same be put upon its passage. 
The bill having been ready the Committee of 
the Whole House was, by unanimous consent, 
discharged from its further consideration; the bill 
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time; 
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the 
third time, and passed. 
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to. reconsider vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
ADVERSE REPORTS. 
Mr. THAYER, from the Committeem Pub- 
lic Lands, made adverse reports on the following 
matters; which were severally laid upon the table, 
and ordered to be printed: 
'I*he petition of James Palmer, guardian of 
Hannah Russell, asking for bounty lands; 
In relation to the subject ofa resolution of the 
House of Rcpresentatives, passed February 24, 
1860; 
The petition of Russell Austin; and 
The memorial of citizens of Crescent City, 
California. 
JAMES W. NYE. 
Mr. CARTER. ask the unanimous consent 
of the I louse to report back from the Committee 
for the District of Columbia Senatc bill No. 474", 
to provide for the payment of the claim of J. W. 
Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy, jr., and Hugh 
Stewart. 
There was no objection. 
The bill was read. It directs the First Comp- 
troller of the Treasury to adjust and settle the 
claim of .J. W. Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy, 
jr., and I-Iuoh Stewart, for losses sustained by 
them in their contract for måcadamizing Pennsyß 
vania avenue, which loss was not occasioned by 
the fault or negligence of said contractors, but 
from their beinÉ compelled to prosecute it during 
the prevalence of the cholera, and by the inter- 
ference of officers of the Government. 
Mr. BRANCH. would like to ask the chair- 
man of the Committee for the District of Colum- 
bia what is the amount of this claim, if he have 
any information in regard to it? 
Mr. CARTER. It is not ascertained what the 
amount may be; something like three or four 
thousand dollars. 
Mr. BRANCH. Can the gentleman inform 
me how many claims this party has had passed 
through Congress for the last ten or twelve years ? 
Mr. CARTER. 1 cannot. This bill has been 
favorably reported some fifteen times by commit- 
tees of the House and Senate, and sometimes 
passed by either one body or the other. This is 
a Senate bill, which was passed last session. 
Mr. BRANCH. If 1 am not mistaken, there 
have been several bills passcd for the relief of this 
party since I have been a member of this House. 
Mr. BURNETT. f will say to the gentleman 
from North Carolina that I think he is mistaken 
in stating that there have been several bills passed 
for the relief of this claimant. There has been 
but one bill passed by Congress for his benefit; 
but that was not for or on account of the claim 
now presented. This claim has been before Con- 
gress for several years, and passed the Senate 
last session. From the examination which I 
have given to it, I think the bill ought to pass. 
Mr. BRANCH. I do not mean to be under- 
stood as inaimating that we have already passed 
a bill including the particular claim embraced in 
the bill now pendimr. This party, however, is 
a very constant claimant on the Government for 
. extra services and for extra compensation. Such, 
at least, is my understanding. And since hé has 
been so successful in getting his claimS allowed 
by Congress heretofore, it does seem to me alittle 
strange that this claim, if it were a meritorious 
