THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS or CONGRESS, PUBLISHED JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
tion or superintendence of green-houses or experiments in 
agricultural or horticultural science. 
So that thc clause will read: 
For collcction of agricultural statistics, investigations 
for promoting agriculture and rural economy, and thc pro- 
curelnent and distribution of cuttings and seeds, $60,000: 
Pro vided, however, 'I'hat in tbe expenditure of this appro- I 
priation, and especially in the selection of cuttings and 
sccds for distribution, due regard shall be had to the pur- 
TUESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1861. 
Mr. CA REY. f was sayii* that it is well 
known to the practical farmers of the country that 
we have not such varieties of wheat as are calcu- 
lated to last more than from five to twenty years 
without deterioration. We arc dependent on for- 
eign countries for our seeds; and we have the 
advantage, through the General Government, of 
having information through our consuls and 
poses of general cultivation and the encouragement of the acents abroad as to the effect on seeds of varieties 
agricultural and rural interests of all parts of the United 
States: .Rnd provided further, 
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask whether this amend- 
ment is in order? It changes the existing law. 
The CHAIRMAN. 'The Chair would inquire 
of the gentleman from Ohio, whether, by existing 
laws, the cuttings and shrubs are required to be 
kept in this particular place, or whether that gar- 
den exists in consequence of law ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection myself 
to the amendment if the gentleman from Indiana 
reports it from a committee, or if he has examined 
the subject. 
Mr. HOLMAN. I report it from no committee. 
I offer tbe amendment on my own responsibility. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 withdrawmypointoforder. 
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 do not to discuss 
this proposition. I understand that a portion ofthc 
appropriation made last year, and former years, 
has been expended in the erection of green-houses 
on the public pröperty within the limits of this 
city; and i also understand that the results of the 
experiments thus far made have not been very 
beneficial to the country. I believe that any gen- 
tleman who has given attention to this matter will 
be satisfied that so much of {he appropriat.ion as is 
withdrawn from the general purposes of agricul- 
ture, and devoted to agricultural science, is very 
badly a propriated indeed. 
Mr. 8AREY. Mr. make 
I have paid some 
a few remarks on this subject. 
little attention to these matters since I have been 
have been a member 
a member of this House. 
of the Agricultural Committee, and have had frc- 
qucnt intercourse with the department on the sub- 
I am satisfied that many things have Iqcen 
attempted to be effected in these gardens that have 
been perfectly useless; but, at the same time, I 
think that this amendment goes entirely too fhr. 
The position which' the Government of thc Uni- 
ted States can occupy in regard to agricultural 
science is a very important one, if its power be 
properly directed. ' it is well known that tried 
here last year to have an alteration effected in the 
present organization of that department. But if 
you forbid the, making of any experiments in re- 
gard to agricultural science, you thereby defeat 
the whole policy of the Government in that re- 
spect. These amricultural statistics, and the aid 
of the Government heretofore given, may be of 
great vaiue to the country; for there are many 
questions of abstruse science relating to agricul- 
ture which can be better solved by the Govern- 
ment, through its ministers and consuls abroad, 
than in any other way. I know that agricultural 
science has been too much neglected by the Gov- 
ernment, and attention has been turned to mere 
ornamental horticulture. Still, I think that this 
amendment ought not to be passed without some 
further reflection; for, if it be adopted, 1 do not 
know to what practical use the appropriation will 
is well known by every practical 
bc appiied. 
farmer in the country that we have no varieties of 
wheat calculated to last in any particular latitude 
for more than five, six, cight, or ten years. 
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman 
me by stating as to what use he understands this 
propagating garden to be now applied? It is cer- 
tainly not applied to the purpose of testing the 
various qua}ities of vv'heat and grain, but to en- 
tire* y different objects. 
Mr. CA REY. That is not the point I am dis- 
cussing; but think the amendment goes too far 
when it the making of experiments. 
Mr. AOLMAN. The object of my amend- 
ment is that no part of the $GO,OOO appropriated 
shall be applied to erecting green-houses or making 
experiments. 
22 
of soil and climate. There are some philosoph- 
ical principles connected with the culture of wheat 
which can bc better discovered in tl)is tl'lan in any 
other way. And if you prohibit the !nalcing of 
experiments, you might as well cease altogether 
to make appropriations for the benefit of azricul- 
tural science. The Government of the United 
States can, through its organization abroad, ob- 
tain advantages with a great deal less expense 
than any of the States could; and the information 
thus attained is more easily spread over the whole 
country. For these reasons I am opposed to the 
amendment. 
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 trust 1 will be indulged 
with a sincrle remark, so that there may be no 
I understand 
Inisapprehension on this question. 
that the botanic garden is the one west of this 
Capitol, under the superintendence of Mr. Smith, 
a very intelligent gentleman; and it is said to be 
admirably conducted. it is not proposed to in- 
terfere. with that at all. T hc object is only to 
prevent the establishment of another institution 
for the propagation of plants; onc under a differ- 
enu superintendent and different management, and 
for which no specific appropriation is or has been 
made. I want to prevent the establishment of' any 
such institution under the Department of the In- 
terior without action on the subject by Congress. 
The last appropriation for agricultural purposes 
was $60,000, and tor the preceding year $40,000, 
portions of which, I understand, have been ap- 
plied of latc years to the purposes of this prop- 
I understand that an 
agating establishment. 
actual inspection of that establishment will show 
that the only plants propagated are varieties of 
cacti, varieties of Syrian locust, and others of a 
I think I can say to gentlemen 
like character. 
with great confidence that not one plant is being 
propagatcd in tho cstablishment it is proposed to 
abolish which is of any use to any considerable 
portion of the American people. The design is 
to make it a fancy establishment, and not that it 
shall be devoted to any substantial good for the 
I am satisfied, if crontlc- 
interests of agriculture. 
men thought, proper to investigate the subject, 
that they would not, after such investigation, 
agree that any portiQn of the appropriation should 
I be diverted from its legitimate object to keeping 
up this propagating garden. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I Inove to insert in place 
of the words " botanical garden," the words " the 
President's grounds. " 
Mr. Chainman, for a period now of the largest 
part of twenty y cars, ever since Mr. Ellsworth 
had the charge of tho Patent Office, the operat.ions 
of that department of the Government have, I 
think, been of essential service in advancing the 
agricultural interests of the country}. My atten- 
tion was called to the operations of that depal•t- 
mcnt by the reports made by Mr 
remember the first one I saw was when I hap- 
pened to bc in the State of Iowa, rnanv years ago. 
I have paid sotne attention to the subjcct from 
that timc until now. This appropriation provides 
for collectinty acn•icultural statistics, for investVa- 
tiansfor re and rural economy, 
and for the procurement and distribution of cut- 
In the course of its operations 
tings and seeds. 
I understand that the ofiice has appropriated a 
piece of ground, to be used for the purpose of prac- 
tical experiments. I have been in those crounds 
If there were any cacti 
on several occasions. 
there, or. indeed, a single cactus, I do not remem- 
ber it. Still, sir, there raay have been many there. 
I am unwilling to inter[öre with the operations of 
NEW SERIEs....•.No-•: 92. 
they may not have always. been under "ghe man- 
agementofthe wisest and the best men. But, sir, 
I am willing to trust- the incoming Administrution, 
coming, as it does, from an eminently rural -por- 
tion of the country , to place the Patent Offce-under 
the chargetmd control of the men who will- pro- 
mote the real agricultural interest of the Union. 
I am therefore unwilling that a radical change 
shall be introduced, like that which. is proposed 
by my friend from Indiana. I think we had bet- 
ter try the operations of this garden for one year 
longer. Then, if, on investigation by the Com- 
mittec on Agriculture, it turns out to be injudicious 
and improper, the gentleman will find no more 
zealous advocate of his reform thari he will find 
in me if I should happen to be here to coöperat'e 
with him. For these reasons I oppose thc 
ment of the gentleman from Indiana; and having 
said what I wish to say, I withdraw the amend- 
merit have oiTered. 
The question was taken on Mr. HOLMAN'S 
amendment; and it was disagreed to. 
For thc prescrvation of the collections of the exploring 
and survcying expeditions of the Goverliment, and the 
construction of suitable cases to receive said collections, 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move to insert after the 
preservation," the words, " 
and distribu- 
word 
tion." There are duplicates for distribution to 
colleges. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
For surveying the public lands and private land claims 
in New Mexico, $10,000. 
Mr. OTERO. 1 move to increase the appro- 
priation to $15,000. 
Mr. Chairman, #15,000, and not $10,000, is the 
estimatc of thc proper Department f(jr this service. 
There is grcat probability that a great deal of 
surveying will have to be done on the Tcrritory 
of New Mexico during the coming spring and 
summcr. A large emigration has gone into that 
Territory, and that emi«rration promises to con- 
tinue and to increase. Thore is a large emigra- 
tion from tbc Pike's Peal' region. They wöuld 
like to have the public lands surveyed, In order 
that they may takc it up and enter upon its culti- 
vation. For that purpose, I think that $15,000 is 
a sum not too large. On the contrary, i think it 
is hardly enough. During the last Congrcss, 
something like forty private land claims were 
confirmed. Of that number, under the appropri- 
ation madc at the last session, of $10,000, only 
three or four of them have been surveyed. The 
amount was not suffcient to provide for survey- 
ing all of them. I ask, now, that $15,000, and 
not $10,000, be appropria9d for the next fiscal 
year. The estimate is $15,000; but the Commit- 
tec of Ways and Means have reduced it to $10,000. 
1 hope that m amendment to increase the amount 
will bc agt•ce to. 
Mr. QUARLES. lhopc, Mr. Chairman, that 
the amendment will not be adopted. The Com- 
mittce of Ways and Means have not made a rc- 
duction in the estimates for New Mexico and left 
the others untouched, They have also reduced 
the estimated amount for California f'rom $30,000 
to $20,000. The appropriation last year for New 
Mexico was only do not see any reason 
why we should increase the amount recommended 
by the Committee of Ways and Means. 'There 
sccms to have becna pro rata reduction on all these 
estimates. 
Mr. OTERO. I move, proforma, to strike out 
the words " public lands," and to insert, in lieu 
thereof, the words, " private land claims." 
Mr. Chairman, last veal* the estimat.ed amount 
was but the-Committee of Ways and 
Means reduced it to $10,000, on account of the 
financial diffculLies of the country. The surveyor 
general of New' Mexico, in order to carry out his 
surveys, has submitted an estimate for $60,000. 
The Department reduced that estimate to $15,000; 
and now the Committee of Ways and Means have 
furthör reduced it to $10,000. Why is it that rc- 
think that they have been Of duction is made on the. estimates for the 'Territory 
that department. 
I much advanta«ye to the country. [t mav be that of New N.'lexico, and not on the estimates for 
II they have not always been judicious. Possibly i Kansas and Nebraska? Why •is it necessary to 
