340 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 12, 
and to pay him that sum during his natural life, 
in lieu Of the pension (four dollars per month) to 
which he is now entitled by law. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read 
a third time; and being engrosSed, it was accord- 
irwl read thc third time, and passed. 
BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote 
by Which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
"The latter motion was tgreed to. 
SUTTON M. YOUNG. 
Mr. COBB. I appeal to the House to discharge 
the Committee of the Whole House from the 
furtherconsidei•ation of House bill No. 383, grant- 
ing an invalid pension to Sutton M. Young, and 
to placo it u on its passage. 
Mr. LEAkE. I object; and move that the 
House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to. 
And thereupon* the House (at half past three 
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
SATURDAY, January 12, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. •Dr. GURLEY. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will 
come to order. The Secretary will •read the 48th 
rule of the Senate. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
48.- No person shall be admitted to thc floor of the Sen- 
ate, whilC in session, except as follows, viz.-: The officers 
of the Senate, members ot• the House of Representatives 
and their Clerk, the President of the United States and his 
Private, Secretary, 3the heads or Departments, foreign min- 
istcrs, cx--Presidents and ox-Vice Presidents ot• the United 
States, ex.Senators, Scnators clect, and judges of the Su- 
prcmc Court." 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 move that that rule be 
dispensed with. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator 
from Pennsylvania pause a moment? This is 
rule of the Senate, which has been usually en- 
forced. Under the peculiar circumstances that 
surround us, there has becn some relaxation of 
it recently, but not by the connivance of the Pre- 
siding Officer of the body, or by his order. 
perfectly manifest that it is impossible to proceed 
willi business, unless this rule be enforced. In 
obedience to his duty as Presiding Officer, and at 
the request of many Senators this morning, un- 
less the uhanimous consent of the Senate be given , 
it is the painful-duty of the Chair to request that 
those upon the floor, who do not come within 
this rule, shall withdraw. 
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 object. 
Mr. PEARCE. There is objection. That 
ends it. 
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire, as a matter of 
practice under that rule, whether it has not been 
held to apply to the lobbies and entries leadin«r 
from one part of the Chamber to ari0ther. 
four)d sonle practical inconvenience this mornin«r 
in endeavoring to get from the Chamber to the 
Secretary's officc. 
'l'hc VICE PRESIDENT. Of course it in- 
cludes all the avenues from the Senate. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 hope this rule will be I 
dispensed with to-day. W c have been in the 
habit of overlooking it very often, and I think 
that so far at least as the ladies are concerned, 
we ought to make no objection to their presence. 
For many years past, on occasions when distin- 
guished Senators on either side have addressed 
the Senate on subjects interesting to the country, 
we havo permitted ladies to coune inside of the 
I found no inconvenience in coming 
Chttrnbcr. 
in this morning, and I came by the usual route. 
I found there a great many graceful and beautiful 
women, That was no inconvenience; but grat- 
ified me, and did me good, I move that the rule, 
so far as ladies arc concerned, be dispensed with 
to-day. I hope there will be no objection. 
Mr. TOOMBS. It would have been convenient 
to the crowd, perhaps, to do this before; but it 
has never been asked, I think, and I am sure 
would never have been granted by the Senate; 
object. 
certainly not bv me. 
Chair respectfully requests those on the floor who 
do not cöme within this rule to withdraw. 
Mr. CAMERON. May not the dis- 
pensed with by a vote of the Senate ? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot bedone. 
The Chair hopes that the gentlemen on the floor 
who do not come within the rule, will very 
promptly withdraw. 
Afteran interval ofseven minutes, during which 
the floor was partially cleared of persons not 
entitled to admission under the rule— 
The VICEPRESIDENT. All clerks of com- 
mittees, and other persons connected with the Sen- 
ate, and all other persons who do not come within 
the rule of the Senate, must leave tho floor. The 
Chair will not allow the Journal to be read until 
the rule is carried out thoroughly on the whole 
of this floor, including the cloak-rooms, and the 
passage in the rear. 
The floor having been cleared of unauthorized 
persons, at twenty-two minutes past twelve 
o 'clock, 
The VICE PRESIDENT called the Senate 
to order, and ordered the Secretary to read the 
Journal. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. 
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the enrolled 
bill (1-1. R. No. 693) for the relief of Richard C. 
Martin, which had heretofore received the sio•na- 
ture of the Speaker of the House of Representa- 
tives. 
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED. 
The following bills from the I-louse of .Repre- 
sentatives werc severally read twice by their 
titles, and referred as indicated below: 
A bill (No. 488) authorizinR the holding of cir- 
cnit nnd district courts of the United States for the 
sou thorn distriqt of Illinois, at the city of Cairo— 
to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
A bill (No. 918) for the relief of the heirs of 
Noah Wiswall—to thc Committee on Public 
Lands. 
A bill (No. 919) the relief of F. M. Beau- 
champ and Betsey D. Townsend—to the Commit- 
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. 
A bill (No. 920) for the relief of Marvin M. 
Hickox and A. M. Pettingill* of Vigo county, 
Indiana—to the Committee on the Post Office and 
Post Roads. 
ASSIGNEE DAVID C. BRODL'RICK. 
The bill (H. R. No. 921) for the relief of the 
assignee of Hon. David C. Broderick, deceased, 
was read twicc by its title- 
Mr. LATI'EIAM. move that the Senate pro- 
cced to the consideration of that bill. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
California asks unanimous conscnt_ to proceed to 
"Ilhc Chair hears 
the consideration of this bill. 
no objection. 
" I'he motion agreed to; and the Senate pro- 
-ceeded , as in Committee of the Whole, to eonsider 
the bill ( [-1. R. No. 921) for the relief of the as- 
sio•nee of Hon. David C. Broderick, deceased. 
It directs the Secretary of the Senate of the Uni- 
mcnt,of public money by her latc husband while 
in command of the military division of the Pa- 
cific; which' was referred to the Committee on 
Military Affairs and Militia. 
Mr. KENNEDY presented a memorial from 
citizens of Frederick county, in the State of Mary- 
land, praying the adoption of the compromise 
measures introduced by Senator CRITTENDEN, be- 
lieving that they will restore peace to our country; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. BIGLER presented two petitions of cit.i- 
zcng of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying the 
adoption of the compromise measures introduced 
into the Senate by Mr. CRITTENDEN; which were 
ordered to lie on the table. 
He also presented a petition of citizens of York 
county, Pennsylvania, praying the adoption of 
the compromise measures introduced into the 
Senate by Mr. CRITTENDEN ; which was ordered 
to lie on the table. 
Mr. NICHOLSON presented the petition of 
Peter Moran, and other mechanics and laborers, 
praying payment for work done on the public 
buildings in Now Mexico; which was referred to 
the Cmnmittee on Finance. 
Mr. PUGH presented an amended petition of 
YV. C. Jewett, of Pike's Peak, giving his motives 
for desirin• a postponement of the Pacific railroad 
bill; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I offer the following reso- 
lution; and ask for its consideration, if there be 
no objection : 
Resolved, That the Vice President appoint a member 
to fill the vacancy in the. Board of Regents of the Srnith- 
sonian Institution, which will occur on the 3d day ot• 
March next, by the expiration of the term of I-ion. JAMES 
A. PEARCE. 
Mr. HALE objected to the consideration of the 
resolution; and it lies over, under the rule. 
Mr. PEARCE. I ask icave to submit a joint 
resolution, and have it read for the information of 
the Senate; and, if a Senator docs not object, to 
have it acted on by the Senate immediately. 
Leave was granted; and the Secretary read the 
joint resolution (S. No. 55) for the appointment 
of regents of the Smithsonian Institution, as fol- 
lows: 
Resolved, (St., That the vacancies in the Board of Regents 
of thc Smithsonian institution, of the class other than 
melnbers (if' be fiklcd bv the appointment of 
George M. Dallas, in place of Richard Rush, deceased ; 
VVilli'dtn B. Astor, of New York,. in the place of Gideon 
I-law:ley, whose tenn has expired; and that Cornelius C. 
Fckton, of Massachusetts, whose term is about to expire, be 
reappointed. 
The joint resolution was read a second time. 
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the immediate consid- 
oration of this joint resolution by the Senate, if 
there be no objection. 
Mr. I-IALE•. 1 object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
the chair.) Objection being made, does the Sena- 
tor from Maryland move its reference ? 
Mr. PEARCE. No, sir. 
The PRESIDING OF171CER. It will lie on 
the table, 
BILL INTRODUCED. 
ted States to pay out of the contingent fund Of Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous 
the Senate, to the assiønee Of I-Ion. David C' consent obtained* leave to introducc a j.oint reso- 
Broderick, deceased, late a Senator of the United 
States, the amount of compensation and salary 
due to thc deceased at the timo of his death; and i 
that so much of any act as may conflict with this 
in so far as it inter- 
act is hereby repealed, 
(cre with thc payment authorized in thc first scc- 
tion of this ac.t. 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 will to the Senate— 
Mr. BROWN and others. No objection. 
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to 
a third reading, read the third time, and passed. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the memo - 
rial of Ethelbert C. Hibben, one of the adminis- 
trators of John L. Robinson, late United Statues 
marshal of the district of Indiana, praying the 
allowance of certain credits in the settlement of 
the said Robinson's ofiicial account, incurred by 
VICE PRESIDENT. The rule can only him in taking the census of that state, and en- 
Is there forcing the fugitive slave law as marshal; whicl'l 
be suspended by unanimous consent. 
unanimous consent to the suspension of the rule? was referred to the Cornmittee on Claims. 
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Anne M. 
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 said, no, sir. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not Smith, widow of PersiferF.Smith, pray- i 
understand the Senator from Georgia. Then the incr cornpensation for the collection and disburse- I 
lution (S. No. 56) authorizing Commodore Hiram 
Paulding to receive certain marks of distinction 
froin the Government of Nicar,vua•, which' was 
read twice by its titles and referred to the Com- 
mittee on Foreign Relations. 
REPORTS or COMMITTEES. 
Mr. HUNTER. The Finance, 
to whom was rcferrcd the bill (H. R. No. 866) to 
supply deficiencies in the appropriations fi)t• the 
service of the fiscal year ending June 31, 1.861, 
have instructed me to ceport it back with amend- 
I give notice that I expect to call it up 
ments. 
some time in the day on Monday. 
The amendments were ordered to be printed. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on ln- 
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. 
R. No. 127) for the of0. F. D. Fairbanks, 
Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific Mail Steamship 
Company, reported it without amendment, with 
a recommendation that it do pass. 
MESSAGE ON THE STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. GWIN. lhope that the Senatc will pro- 
ceed to the consideration of the special order for 
