1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
341 
one o'clock. The Senator from New Nork is II 
union is to go on, this question.vgill give place to 
the more practical one, whether many seceding 
ready to proceed. If there is no other business 
before the Senate, I move t.hat the Senate proce.ed States have a right to coerce the remaining mem- 
bers to acquiesce in a dissolution. 
to the consideration of the special order. 
I dread, as in my innermost soul i abhor, civil 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. it is moved 
I do not know what the Union would be 
that the Senate progeed to the consideration of the 
war. 
worth if saved by the use of the sword. Yet, for 
President's recent messaøe. 
all this, I do not twree with those who, with a 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re- 
sumed the consideration of the special message of 
the President of the United States, communicated 
on the 9th of January, in reference to the state of 
the Union, the pending question being on Mr. 
BIGLER's motion that it be printed. 
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, Congress ad- 
journed last summer amid auspices of national 
abundance, cententment, tranquillity, and happi- 
It was reassembled this winter in the 
ness. 
presence of derangement of business and disturb- 
ance of public as well as private credit, and in the 
face of seditious combinations to overthrow the 
Union. The alarm is appalling; for Union is not 
more the body than liberty is the soul of the na- 
tion. The American citizen has been accustomed 
to believe the Republic immortal. He shrinks 
from the sight of convulsions indicative of its 
sudden death. The report of our condition has 
gone over the seas; and we who have so long and 
with much complacency studied the endless agi- 
tations of society in the Old World, believino• our- 
selves exempt from such dislurbuuccs, now, in 
our turn, secm to be fallin« into a momentous and 
disastrous revolution. 
I know how difficult it is to dccidc, amid so 
many and so various counsels, what ought to be 
and even what can bc done. Certainly, however, 
1 
it is time for every Senator to declare himself. 
therefore, following the example ofthc noble Sen- 
ator from Tennessee, [Mr. J OilNsoN,J avow' my 
adherence to the Union in its intecyrity and with 
all its parts, with my friends, with y party, with 
rny State, with my country, or without eit,bcr, as 
they nuay deternune, in every event, whether Of 
pcacc or of war, with every consequence of honor 
or dishonor, of life or death. Although I lament 
the occasion, I hail with cheerfulness tho duty of 
lifting up my voice among distracted debates, for 
my whole country and its inestimable Union. 
Hitherto the exhibitions of spirit and rcsohl- 
tion here, as clscwherc, have been chiefly made 
on the Sidc of disunion. I do not regret this. Dis- 
union is so unexpected and unnatural that it mast 
plainly reveal itself before its presence can 
I like best, also, the courage that rises 
realized. 
slowly under the pressure of severe provocation. 
If it be a Christian duty to forgive to the stranger 
even seventy times seven offenses, it is the highest 
patriotism to endure without complaint the pas- 
sionatc waywardness of political brcthren so ion'F 
as there is• hope that they may come to a better 
mind. 
I think it is easy to pronounce what measures 
I agree with 
or conduct wilt not save the Union. 
the honorable Senator from North Carolina [Mr. 
CLINGMAN] that mere eulogiums will not save it. 
Yet [ think that as prayer brings us nearer to God, 
though it cannot move Him toward us, so there 
is healing and saving virtue in cvery word of dc- 
votion to the Union that is spoken, and in every 
I know, at 
sigh that its danger draws forth. 
least, that, like virtue, it derives strength from 
every irreverent act that is conunitted and every 
blasphemous phrase that is uttered against it. 
The Union cannot be saved by mutual crimi- 
nations our respective share of re- 
sponsibility for the present evils. He whose con- 
science acquits him will naturally be slow to 
accuse others whose coöperation he needs. His- 
tory only can adjust thc great account. 
A continuance of the debate on the constitu- 
tional power of Congress over the suuject of sla- 
very in the Territories will not save the Union. 
The opinions of parties and sections on that ques- 
tion have become dogmatical, and it is this cir- 
cumstance that has produced the existing alien- 
ation. A truce, at least during the debate on the 
Union, is essential to reconciliation. 
The Union cannot be saved by proving that 
secession is illegal or unconstitutional. Persons 
benton that fearful step will not stand long enough 
on forms of law to be dislodcred; and loyal men do 
not need such narrow ground to stand upon. 
I fear that little more •will bc gained from dis- 
cussing the right of the Federal Government to 
if dis- 
coerce seceding States into obedience. 
the Executive, the. responsibili!y.of, spving. tho 
Union belongs to the people, and they are abdn• 
dantly competent to discharge it. 
I propose, therefore, with great deference» to 
address myself to the country upon the moment-: 
ous subject, asking hearing, not less from. -the 
people within what are called" the seceding; than, 
from those who rcsidc within the adhering States. 
Union is an old, fixed , settled habit of the Amer- 
desire to avert that great calamity, advise a con- 
ican people, resulting from convictions --of its 
ventional or unopposed eparation, with a view 
necessity, and therefore not likely to be hastily 
to what they call a reconstruction. It is enough 
discarded. The early States, while existing as colo- 
for me, first, that in this plan, destruction goes 
nies, were combined, though imperfectly th rough 
before reconstruction; and secondly, that the 
a common allegiance to the British Crown. When 
strength of the vase in which the hopes of the 
that allegiance ceased, no one was so presumptu- 
nation are held consists chiefly in its remaining 
ous as to suppose political existence compatible 
un broken. 
with disunion; and, thereforc, on the same day 
Congressional compromises are not likely to 
that they declared themselves independent, they 
I know, indeed, that tradition 
save the Union. 
proclaimed themselves also confederated States. 
favors this form of remedy. But it is essential 
Experience in war and in peace, from 1776 until 
to its success, in any case, that there be found a 
•1787 , only convinced them of the necessity of con- 
preponderating mass of citizens, so far neutral on 
verting that loose Confederacy into a more perfect 
the issue which separates parties, that they can 
and a perpetual Union. They acted with a gool- 
intervene, strike down clashing weapons, and 
ness very different from the intemperate conduct 
compelanaccommodation. Moderate concessions 
of those who now on onc side threaten, and those 
are not customarily asked by a force with its guns 
who on the other rashly defy disunion. They con- 
in battery; nor åre liberal concessions apt to be 
sidercd the continuance of the Union as a subject 
given by an opposing force not less confident of 
comprehending nothing less than the safety •and 
its own right and its own strenqrth. I think, also, 
welfare of all the parts of which the country was 
that there is a prevailing conviction that legislative 
composed, and the fate of an empire in many re- 
cmnpromrscs which sacrifice honestly cherished 
spects the most interesting in the world. I enter 
principles, while they anticipate Cuture, exigencies, 
upon the subject of Oontinuing the Union now, 
even if they do not assume extra-constitutional 
deeply impressed with the same generous and 
powers, are less surc to avert imminent evils than 
loyal conviction. How could it be otherwise, 
thöy are certain to produce ultimately even greater 
when, instead of only thirteen, the country is now 
dangers. 
composed of thirty-three varts; and thc empire 
Indeed, Mr. President, I think it will be wise 
embraces, instead of only four million, no 'less 
to discard two prevalent ideas or prejudices, 
than thirty million inhabitants. 
namely: first, that the Union is to be savcd by 
The founders of the Constitution moreover 
somebody in particular; and secondly, that it is 
rcgarded the IJnion as no mere national 01' Amer- 
to be saved by somc cunnino• and insincere com- 
ican interest. On the; contrary, they confessed 
pact of pacification. If I remel-nbm• rightly, I said 
with deep sensibility that it seemed to them to 
something like. this here so long a as 1851), and 
have. been reserved for the peopic of this country 
afterwards in 1854. 
to decide whether societies of men are really capa- 
Thc present danger disclose Itself in this form. 
ble of establishing good government upon reflcc- 
Discontented citizcns have obtained political 
tion and choice, or whether thcy are (orever des- 
power in certain States, and they are using this 
tined to depend for their political constitutions on 
authority to overthrow the Federal Government. 
accident and force. They feared, therefore, t.hat 
They delude themselves with a belief that the 
their failure to continue and perfect the Union 
State power they have acquired enables them to 
would be a miscortunc to thc nations. How much 
discharge themselves of allegiance to the whole 
more, sir, would its overthrow now be a calamity 
Rcpublic. The hor)orablc Senator from Illinois 
to mankind ! 
[Mr. DOUGLAS] says we have a right to coerce a 
Somc form of government is indispensable here 
State, but we canv10t. T hc President says that 
as elsewhcre. Whatever form we have, every 
no State has a right to sec.ede, but wc have no 
individual citizen and every State must cede to it 
constitutional power to make war acrainst a State. 
some natural rights, to invest the Government 
The dilemma results from an assumption that 
with the requisite power. The simple question, 
those who, in such a case, act against the Federal 
thcrcfore, for us now to decide, while laymg aside 
Government, act lawfully as a State; although 
all pique, passion, and prejudice, is: whether it 
manifestly they have perverted the power of the 
conduces more to the interests of the people of 
State to an unconstitutionai purpose. A class of 
this country to remain, for the general purposes 
politicians in New England set up this theory 
of peace and war, conunerce inland and foreign, 
and attempted to practice upon it in our war with 
postal communications at home and abroad, the 
Great Britain. Mr. Jefferson did not hesitate to 
care and disposition of the public domain, coloni- 
say that States must be kept within their consti- 
zation, the orrranization and admission of new 
tutional sphere by impulsion, if they could not be 
States, and, generally, the enlargement of empire, 
held there by attraction. Secession was then 
one nation under our present Constitution, than it 
held to be inadmissible in the face ofa public ene- 
would to divide themselves into separate Confed- 
my. But if it is untenable in one case, it is neces- 
eracies or States. 
I fully admit tho ori«in- 
sarily so in all others. 
Out country remains now as it was in 1787— 
ality, the sovcreignty,and the independence of tho 
composcd not of detached and distant Territories, 
But 1 hold 
several States within their sphere. 
but of one whole well-connected and fertile reoion 
the Federal Government to be equally original, 
lying within the temperate zone, with climates 
sovereicrn, and independent within its sphere. 
and soils hardly more various than those of' France 
And the government of the State can no more 
or of Italy. This slight diversity quickens and 
absolve the people residing within its limits from 
amplifies manucacturc and commerce. Our rivers 
allegiance to the Union, than the Government of 
and valleys, as improved by act, furnish us sys- 
the Union can absolve them from allegiance to 
tem of highways unequaled in the world. The 
the State. The Constitution of the United States, 
different forms of labor, if slavery x.vere not per- 
and the laws Inade in pursuance thereof, are the 
verted to purposes of political ambition, need not 
supreme law of the land, paramount to all lecris- 
constitute an clement of strife in the Confederacy. 
lation of the States, whether made under the Con- 
Notwithstanding recent vehement expressions 
stitution, or by even their organic conventions. 
and manifestations of in tolerance in some quarters, 
The Union can be dissolved, not by secession, 
produced by intense partisan excitement, '•.ve are, in 
with or without armed force, but only by the vol- 
fact, a homoo-eneous people, chiefly of one stock, 
untary consent of the people of the United States, 
willi accessions well assimilated. We have, préc- 
collected in the manner prescribed by the Consti- 
tically, only one one religion, one sys- 
tution of the United States. 
tem of Govct•nment, and manners and customs 
Congress, in the present case, ought not to be 
common t.o all. Why, then, shall we not remain 
if it can, to redress any 
It outrht, 
impassive. 
henceforth, as hitherto, one people ? 
real grievances of the offended States, and then It 
The first object of every hu society is safety 
ought to supply the President with alt the means 
or security, for which, if need be, they will; and 
necessary to maintain the Union in the full exhi- 
bition and discreet exercise of its authority. Be- I they must, sacrifice every other. This security 
yond this, with the proper activity on the part of 
