THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January '12; 
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS IN OREGON. 
being; by abuse of-the laws, carried into slavery, 
I agree •that all laws of OheStates, whether freé 
States or'slave States, which - relate to this class 
of persons, or any Others recently •coming from 
or reSident. in other States, and xvhich. laws con- 
travene the Constitution of the United, States, or 
any law of Congress passed in conform ity thereto , 
ought to be repealed. 
Secondly. Experience in publicäffairs has con- 
firmed my opinion, that domestic slavery, exist- 
ing in any State, is wisely left by the Constitu- 
tiOn of the United States exclusively to the care, 
management, and disposition of that State; and 
if itzwere in-my power, i would not alter the Con- 
stitution in that respect. 
if misapprehension of 
mysposition needs so stronø a remedy, I am x.vill- 
ing to vote for an amendment of the Constitution, 
declaring that it shall not, by any future amend. 
ment,- be so altered as to confer on Congress a 
power to abolish or interfere with slavery in any 
State. 
Thirdly. While I think that Congress has 
exclusive and sovereign authority to legislate on 
all subjects whatever, in the common Territories 
of the United States; and while I certainly shall 
never, directly or indirectly, give my vote to es- 
tablish or sanction slavery ill such Territories, 
or anywhere else in the world, yet the ques- 
tion what constitutional laws shall at any time be 
passed:in regard to the Territories, is, like every 
other. question, to be determined on practical 
grounds. I Voted for enabling acts in the cases 
of Oregon, Minnesota, and Kansas, without 
being able to secure in them such provisions as 
I would have preferred; and yet I voted wisely. 
So now, I am well satisfied that, under existing 
circumstances, a happy and satisfactory solu- 
tion of the diffculties in the remaining Territo- 
ries. would be obtained by similar laws, pro- 
viding {Or their orcanization, if such orgal)fza- 
tion werc otherwise practicable. 
If, therefore, 
Kansas were admitted as a State, under the Wy- 
andotte constitution, as I think she ought to be, 
and if the organic laws of all the other "Ilerrito- 
ries could be repealed, could vote to authorize 
the organizalion and admission of' two new States 
Which shotid include them, reserving the right to 
effect subdivisions of them whcnever necessary 
into several convcnicnt States; but I do not find 
that such reservations could be constitutionally 
made. Without them, the ulterior embarrass- 
ments 'Which would result from the hasty incor- 
porution of States of such vast extent and various 
nnterests and character would outweigh all the 
im-mediate advantages of such a measure. But 
if the measure were practicable, I should prefer 
a different course, namely: when the eccentric 
movements of secession and disunion shall have 
ended, in whatever form that end may come, and 
the angry excitements of the hour shali have sub- 
Bided, and calmness once more shali have resumcd 
its accustomed-sway over thc public mind, then, 
and not until then—one, two, or three years hence 
—l should cheerfully advise a convention of the 
people, to be assemKled in pursuance of the COn• 
stitution, to consider and decide whether any and 
what amendments of the ot•cranic national law 
ought to be made. A Republican now—as I have 
heretofore been a member of other parties exist- 
ing in my day—I nevertheless hold aud cherish, 
as -I have always done, the principle that this 
Government exists in its present iOrtn only by 
the consent, of the governed, and that it is as ne- 
cessary as it is wise, to resort to the people for re- 
visions of the organic law when the troubles and 
dangers of the State certainly tran*cend the pow- 
ers äelegated by it to the public authorities. Nor 
ought the sucrgcst.ion to excite surprise. Govern- 
ment in any foi•m is a machine; this is the most 
complex one that the mind of man has evcr in- 
vented, or the hand of man has ever framed. Per- 
fect as it is, it ought to be expected that it will, 
at least as often as once' in a century, require 
some modification to adapt it to the changes of 
society and alternations of empire. 
Fourthly. I hold myself ready now, as always 
heretofore, to vote for any properly-guarded laws 
which shall be deemed necessary to prevent mu- 
tual in vasions of States by citizens of other States, 
and punish those who Shail aid and abet them. 
Fifthly. Notwithstanding the arguments of the 
gallant Senator from Oregon, [General LANE,] 
1 remain of the opiniov_. that physical bonds, such 
as highways, railroads, rivers, and canals, are 
5 
vastly more- powerful for hoiding civil commu- 
nities- together than any mere covenants, though 
written on parchment or evraved upon iron. 
remain,'therefore, constant to my purpose to se- 
cure, if possible, the construction of tw.o Pacific 
railways, one of which shall connect thé ports 
around the mouths of the Mississippi, and the 
other the towns on the Missouri and the Lakes, 
with the harbors on our western coast. 
If, in the expression of these views, I have not 
proposed what is desired or expected by many 
others, they will do me the justice to believe that 
I am as far from having suggested what in many 
respects would have been in harmony with cher- 
fished convictions of my own. I learned early 
from Jefferson, that in political affairs x.ve cannot 
always do what seems to us absolutely best. 
Those '.vith whom we must necessarily act, enter- 
taining different views, have the power and the 
right of carrying them into practice. We must 
be content to lead when we can, and to follow 
when we cannot lead; and if we cannot at any 
time do for our country all the good that we 
would wish, wc must be satisfied with doing for 
her all the good that we can. 
Having submitted my own opinions on this 
great crisis, it remains only to say that I shall 
cheerfully lend to the Government my best sup 
port in whatever prudent yet energetic efforts it 
shall make to preserve the public peace, and to 
maintain and preserve the Union; advising, only, 
that it practice as far as possible the utmost mod- 
eration, forbearance, and conciliation. 
And now, Mr. President, what are the auspices 
of the country? I know that we are in the midst 
of alarms, and somewhat exposed to accidents 
unavoidal)le in seasons of tempestuous passions. 
We already have disorder; and violence has begun. 
I know not to what extent it may co. Still my 
faith in the Constitution and in the Union abides, 
because my faith in the wisdom and virtue of the 
American people remains unshaken. Coolness, 
calmness, and resolution, are elements of their 
character. They have been temporarily displaced; 
but they arc reappearincr. 
Soon enough, I trust, 
for satiety, it will be seen that sedition and vio- 
lence are only local and temporary, and that loy- 
ally and affection to the Union are the natural 
scnliunents of the whole country. Whatever dan- 
gcrs there shall be, there will be the determina- 
tion to meet them; whatever sacrifices, private or 
public, shall be needful for the Union, they will be 
made. I feel sure that the hour has not come for 
this great nation to fall. This people, which has 
been studying to become wiser and better as it 
has grown older, is not perverse or wicked enough 
to deserve so dreadful and severe a punishment 
as dissolution. This Union has not yet accom- 
plished •what good for mankind x,vas manifestly 
(lesigned by Him who appoints the seasons and 
prescribes the duties of States and empires. No, 
sir; 
if it werc cast down by faction to-day, it 
would rise a(yain and reappear in all its majestic 
proportions to-morrow. It is the only Government 
that can stand hcre. Woe! Woe! to the man that 
madly lifts his hand against it. 
It shall continue 
and endure; and men, in after times, shall declare 
that this generation, which saved the Union from 
such sudden and unlooked-for dangers, surpassed 
in magnanimity even that one which laid its 
foundations in the eternal principles of liberty, 
justice, and humanity. 
Mr. G WIN. I move that the Senate do now 
adjourn. 
he motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
SATURDAY, January 12, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o 'clock, m. Prayer 
by Rev. Dr. NE"KN, of Philadelphia. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN NL'W MEXICO. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com- 
munication from the Secretary of the Interior, 
transmitting, for the action of Congress, contem- 
plated bv the eighth section of the act of July 22, 
1854, the transcript of five private land claims in 
New Mexico, designed for the House of Repre- 
sentatives, as indicated by the letter of the Com- 
missioner oethe General Land Office of the 29th 
ultimo; which was referred to the Committee on 
Private Land Claims, and ordered to be printed. 
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a 
communication from the War Department, in an- 
swer to the resolution of the House of Represent- 
atives, of December 17, 1860, relative to depreda- 
tions by Indians in Oregon; which was laid on 
the table and ordered to be printed. 
OCCUPATION OF PUBLIC BUILDINGS. 
Mr. CLARK, ofMissouri. 1 find by the con- 
stitution of this morning a statement that, by 
order of General Scott, a detachment of United 
States troops. has taken possession of the sub- 
treasury, post offce, and custom-house buildings 
in St. Louis, Missouri. 
I want 10 make an ex- 
planation to the House, in order that this intelli- 
gence may not work mischief to the country. It 
may not be generally known that the post offce, 
sub-treasury, and custom-house in St. Louis, are 
all in the same building. I know not. whether the 
statement is true. T hc people of Missouri have 
been, so far, quiet and loyal to the Union. Her 
Legislature is now in session, and is engaged in 
taking steps to redress the grievances under which 
we labor, and to present to the American peoplc, 
and to the authorities of the several States, what 
we regard as necessary for the perpetuity of the 
Union. We make no tht•eats; but we are determ- 
ined to take such steps as we think our hönor and 
safety require. We propose to do this in our own 
way and at our own time. 
I offer thc following 
resolution 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 object. 
The SPEAKER. Let the resolution be read 
for information. 
The resolution was read, as follows: 
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to corn 
municate to this House, whether the post olice, sub-treas- 
ury, and custom-house, or either of them, situatc in the 
city of St. Louis, Missouri, have been taken possession of 
by a detachment of United States troops, and if so, by whose 
orders; and Whether any attempt by the citizens or State 
authorities of Missouri, to improperly interfi•re with Raid 
buildings or property, were threatened or njade, heföre the 
Milne were taken possession of by the troops of the United 
States. 
Mr. LOVEJOY and others objected. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
•I offer the resolu- 
tion in order that the country may be informed 
whether the statcmcnt is true or not. 
I want in- 
formation on the subiect 
want to whether 
martial law is declai•ed in my State; whether our 
women and children, when they go to their post 
office, are to be met by soldiers and bristling 
bayonets. 
Mr. FENTON. 1 for the regularorderof 
business. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
I hope the gen- 
tleman will withdraw his objection. Let us know 
whether we are to be put under a military despot- 
Ism. 
Objection was not withdrawn. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
I do not profess 
exactly to understand the rules of this House. 
I would ask the chair, therefore, whether it is 
now in order to movc a suspension of the rules 
for the purpose of allowing me to introduce my 
resolution . 
Thé SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the 
rules is not in order except on Monday. 
Mr. REAGAN. to me, Mr. Speaker, 
that when an honorable gentleman makes a state- 
mcnt like that which we have heard from the gen- 
tleman from Missouri, we owe it to ourselves to 
take scnne action on it. 
If a military despotism 
really exist in tbc country, it ought to bc known. 
[Cries of " Order P' 
Mr. CLARK, of issouri. 
If my people are 
to bc placed under martial law, let us know it. If 
we are to bc ruled by a military despot, let ug 
know it. [Cries of " Order!" 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis- 
souri is not in order. A motion to suspend the 
rules is not in order except on Monday; and the 
gentleman 's resolution cannot be .introduced in 
any other way, unless unanimous consent is 
CHAD MILLER. 
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on 
Military Affairs, made an adverse report on the 
case of Chad Miller; which was laid upon the table, 
and ordered to be printed. 
FRANCES FOWLER. 
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Invalid 
