1861. 
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Frances 
Fowler, widow of Abram C. Fowler, late second 
lieutenant of artillery, United States Army; which 
was read a first and second time, referred to a 
Committee of the Whole House on the Private 
Calendar, and, with the accompanying report, 
ordered to be printed. 
ASA BUTTERFIELD. 
Mr. FOSTER also, from the same committee, 
made an adverse report on the case of Asa But- 
terfield which was laid upon the table, and ordered 
to be printed. 
CLARISSA PECK. 
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, made 
an adverse report on the case of Clarissa Peck; 
which was laid upon the table and ordered to be 
printed. 
ELIZA M. PLYMPTON. 
Mr. STOKES also, from the same committee, 
reported a bill granting a pension to Eliza M. 
Plympton; which was read a first and second 
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House 
on thc Private Calendar, and, with the accompa- 
nying report, ordered to be printed. 
LARKIN TALLY. 
Mr. STOKES also, from the same committee, 
reported a bill granting a pension to Larkin Tally, 
an invalid soldier of the war of 1812; which was 
read a first and second time. 
Mr. STOKES. I ask the unanimous consent 
of the House for leave to put that bill on its pas- 
It is a meritorious case. 
saoe. 
Mr. GARTRELL. 1 object. 
Mr. STOKES. This man is totally blind, and 
unless the Government helps him, he will be 
thrown upon the cold charities of the world. 
I insist on my objection. 
Mr. GARTRELL. 
The bill was referred to a Committee of the 
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with 
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed. 
JOHN ROGERS. 
Mi.. STOKES, from the Committee on Invalid 
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to 
John Rogers, of Tennessee, an invalid soldier of 
the war of 1812; which was read a first and second 
time, referred to a Committ.ee of the Whole House 
on the Private Calendar, and, with the accompa- 
nying report, ordered to be printed. 
PETER LAVARRE. 
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee,' re- 
ported a bill granting an invalid pension to Peter 
Lavarrc; which was read a first and second time, 
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on 
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompany- 
ing report, ordered to be printed. 
MARY CLEARWATER. 
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee on Revolu- 
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the 
heirs of the late Mary Clearwater, of New York, 
formerly the widow of James Young; which was 
read a first and second time, referred to a Com- 
mitteo of the Whole House on the Private Cal- 
endar, and, with the accompanying report, ordered 
to be printed. 
ROBERT PAUL. 
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re- 
ported a bili for the relief of the heirs of Robert 
Paul, a soldier of the Revolution; which was read 
a first and second time, referred to a Committee 
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar, 
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be 
printed. 
REGISTER AT VINCENNES. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Commit- 
tee on Public Lands, rcporte& a bill for the relief 
of thc registcn• of the land oflice at Vincennes, ln- 
diana, and for other purposes; which was read a 
first and second time. 
It authorizes the 
The bill was read in extenso. 
Secretary of the Interior to make such allowance 
for offce rent during the temporary continuance 
of the land office at Vincennes, Indiana, as rnay, 
in his opinion, be just and proper; and that fur- 
ther, he be authorized to adiust thc account of 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
345 
the same were in his custody, under instructions 
from the General Land Offce of September 3, 
1858, the allowance to be paid out of the appro- 
priations for incidental expenses of the district 
land offce. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the Clerk to 
read the letter I send up. It will fully explain 
the case. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
GENERAL LAND OFFICE, March 15, 1860. 
SIR : I have the honor to return herewith the letter from 
Hon. W. E. Niblack to the chairman of the Committee of 
Public Lands, House of Representatives, by you 
for report, recornmending that an allowance be made the 
revister at Vincennes, Indiana, for office, rent; and also that 
an allowance be Inade John Moore, Esq., of Vincennes, 
for safe keeping the books, papers, &e., of that land district, 
in the interval between the closing of the land office, under 
the sixth section of the act of August 18, 1S56, and its re- 
opening under the act of December 21, 1858, (laws 11, pages 
140 and 373,) and to state that, inasmuch as the continu- 
ancc of this office is a mere temporary matter, and the duties 
of both a register and receiver devolve upon the present 
incumbent, whose salary is fixed at $500 per annum, with 
certain fees, believed to amount to an inconsiderable an- 
nual sum, a reasonable amount for rent may properly be 
made. 
In reference to the other allowance, I have to state that 
the practice of this offcc, in c.ases of this kind, is to adn:it 
a claim tor sat-c keeping boolß and papers of district laud 
offces, not to exceed, at the ratc of the offeer's salary, far 
the timc the archives remain in possession of the person 
having them •in charge. Such allowance could properly 
have been nnade Mr. Moore ; but tor the reason that he 
was at the tilne postmaster at Vincennes, and in the opiu- 
ion of the Departrnent, as cxpressed in your letter of June 
25, 1859, was not con)petent, undcr the laws, to receive 
compensation {Or this service. Had these books, &e., been 
in tl)öhands of one not holding a public office under the 
Governrncnt, there would have been no objection to the 
allmvance. Under the circumstances, am of opinion that 
the usual compensation should be made Mr. Moore, and 
sublilit herewith the draft of a bill to meet the case. 
VVith great respect, your obedtcnt servant, 
JOSEPH S. WILSON, Commissioner. 
Hon. J Acon THOMPSON, Secretary of the Interior. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the, third time, and passed. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider 
the vote just taken; and moved that the motion to 
reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
PRIVATE BILLS ON SPEAKER'S TABLE. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol- 
lowing private bills from thc Senate; which were 
severally read a first and second time, and referred 
as indicated below: 
An act (No. 395) for the relief of Samuel 
Worcester—to thc Cornmitlce on Invalid Pen-e 
0T MISSISSIPPI DELEGATION. 
The SPEAKER laid before the I-louse 
lowing communication : 
WASHINGTON, D. January: 12, 1861'. 
SIR : Ilaving received offciai iniörmation that the State 
•of Mississippi, through a convention representing the •SOV- 
ereignty of the State, has passed an ordinarjee withdrawing 
from the Federal Government the powers delegated, tb 
it at the time of her admission into-the Union, it becomes 
our fluty to lay this fact before you, and to announce. that 
we are 0 longer members of this body. 
W i we regret the..necess\ty which impels our Stateto 
the a tion of this course, we desire to say that it meets 
our unqualified -approval ;-and we shall return toher bösOm 
to share her fortunes, whatever they. may be. 
We have the honor to be, very respecttUliv, your obedient 
OTHO R. SINGLETON, 
servants, 
WILLIAM BARKSDALE, 
REUBEN DAVIS, 
JOHN J. McRAE, 
L. Q. C. LAMAR. 
Hon. WILLIAM 'PENNINGTON, Speaker of the House of Rep- 
resentatives. 
Mr. JONES. move that the names of the 
Mississippi delegation, as well as those Of the 
South Carolina delegation, be stricken from the 
rom. 
Mr. ELY. I object to that motion. 
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the 
motion cannot be received. 
Mr. BURNETT. If gentlemen notify the 
Speaker, and through him the House, that they 
have left the House , their State having withdrawn 
from the Union, it does seem to me that there is 
not the least necessity in the Clerk calling their 
names. 
Mr. SPINNER. Does the gentleman from 
Kentucky state that they have resigned their 
places in this House? If that be the position of 
these retiring delegations, then perhaps he may 
be right. 
Mr. BURNETT. They have retired from 
their scats here because their States have retired 
from the Union. 
MI.. SPINNER. They are. not out of the 
Un ion. We all deny that. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules thepoint 
of ordcr of the gentleman from Kentucky. 
The communication was then laid. upon the 
table. 
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the rules be sus- 
pended, and that the House resolve itself intcmhe 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union on the Navy appropriation; and pending 
that motion, he move.d that general debate in 
committee be terminated in five minutes after 
sions. 
An act (No. 376) for the relief of Major Ben- I 
consideration of the bill shall be resumed. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 cannot consent to the idea 
jamin Alvord, paynutster United States 'Army— 
I of confining all debate upon the naval appropria- 
to thc Committee on Military Affairs. 
An act (No. 463) for the relief of W. H. Vesey 
—to tl'ie Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
IOWA PUBLIC BUILDINGS. 
Mr. VANDEVER. I ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the House for leave to take up Senatc res- 
olution No. 2, to relinquish to thc Stato of Iowa 
the title of the United States to fivc section.s of 
land donated to that State at thc time of her ad- 
mission into the Union, to aid in the construction 
of certain public buildings. 
Mr. GARTRELL. I object; and I give notice 
that I will hereafter object to everything that is 
not in order. 
PRIVATE CALENDAR. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 make a privileged mbtion. 
tion bill, which is already a special order, and 
upon which debate must be confined to thc merits 
of the bill, to the period of tern minutes. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say, then, one hour, 
if the gentleman desires it. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 do not believc, in this 
advanced stage of thc proceedings of the House, 
with so many of our appropriation bills already 
passed, and in view of the action of the Senate, 
that there is any necessity for élosino• debate in 
this summary manner, or of confining Rebate upon 
so important bills as the Army ani Navy bills. 
Hence I cannot agree to the motion of the gentle- 
man from Ohio; and I again submit the motion 
that the House resolve itself into a Committee of 
the Whole upon the Private Calendar. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then 1 hope it will be under- 
I move that the House resolve itsé]f into the 
stood that it shall be considered as objection day. 
Committee of the Whole House on the Private 
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe my motion takes 
If there be no objection, I hope this 
Calendar. 
will be considered as objection day in the com- il precedence. 
I} Mr. BURNETT. This being private bill day, 
mittee. 
Mr. VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. we will my motion is matter of course. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Is this objection day? 
agrcc to that. 
The SPEAKER. It is not. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. 1 hope the gentle- 
N.[r. GARTRELL. I object to its being objec- 
man will not submit that motion at this time. 
tion day. 
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw it for the present. 
Mr. BURNETT. It impossible for us 
JOHN D. OTT AND 11. J. M'LAUGTII,IN. 
to make any headway upon the Private Calendar 
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, from the Committee unless there be an agreement that this shall be 
of Accounts, rcportcd a joint resolution to pay considered objection day. As that is objected to' 
I withdraw my motion.- 
John D. Ott and Henry J. McLaughlin for scr- 
Ntr. SHERMAN. I move, then, that all gen- 
vices rendered in the folding-room of the House 
of Rcprcsentatives; which was read a first and cral debate be terminated upon the naval bill in 
allow him, at the usual rate, compensation second time, to ofthe Whole one hour after going into committee. That will 
Housc on the Private Calendar, and, with the . not cut off five minutes' debate. 
for taking care of the books, papers, &c., of the 
land omce at Vincennes, Indiana, during the time accompanying report, ordered to be printed. 
