1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
351 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin- 
ion the amendment is not in order. 
For preparing for publication the American Nautical 
Almanac, $25,880. 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 move to reduce that ap- 
prc,priation to $10,000. 
Mr. Chairman, in looking over the estimates 
for getting up this American Nautical Almanac, 
I find, among various items, one 
for discover- 
I am per- 
ing new planets since 1849, $3,000." 
tl')at this Government should 
fecLly willing, sir, 
appropriate money for its owrn uses, but am not 
• willing that it should take under its protecting 
wing the entire universe. The book does not 
state which planet, or how many planets, we must 
pay $3,000 for. 
A MEMBEn. All of them. [Laughter.] 
Mr. QU ARLES. I think we have just enough 
to do to take care of not only this planet, but even 
of our own part of it from flying to pieces. Yet 
here, sir, we are asked to pay $3,000 for the dis- 
covery of one or more planets, and that, too, when 
the Government is nearly bankrupted, Nhen it 
has to pay twelve percent. for money. In all, the 
items amount to $25,000. Twenty-five thousand 
dollars for getting up the American Nauticål Ai- 
I think that is too much money; and I 
manac . 
therefore move to reduce It to $10,000. 
Mr. MAYNARD. r with my colleague 
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman can- 
not proceed, debate only being allowed in oppo- 
sition to the amendment. [Laughter.] 
Mr. MAYNARD. The Chafrman will recol- 
lect the Qld adage we used to hear when we were 
boys, (l do not profess to give *nore than the sub- 
stance of it,) never to forestall a slow speaker. 
1 
was about to remark that I concurred with my 
colleague in having the American Nauticai Alma- 
nac published on terms as moderate and reason- 
able as it could be done; and whatever reduction 
can be made in the estimates for that iteni, I shall 
certainly concur in. But, sir, the gentlemen hav- 
ing this work in charge have reported to us that 
it is necessary to appropriate this sum of $25,880. 
If my colleague could give us some idea of the 
operations of preparing a Nautical Almanac, and 
could show us how it could be us well prepared 
for $10,000, I would concur with him in his 
amendrnent. 
He has spoken of the planets discovered since 
1849. If he will give us a list of them, and tell us 
which are without use or benefit for the purpose 
of promoting the general nautical int.ercsts of the 
country, we would deduct to that extent. Until 
we can have that information from my colleaoue, 
I confess we must be permitted to rely upon the 
estimates made by the gentlemen who have the 
work in charge as primo facie correct. 
Mr. QU ARLES. I cannot do all my colleague 
If I am allowed 
asks me to do in five minutes. 
proper time I will do it. 
Mr. MAYNARD. For the reasons have 
stated, I oppose the aniendment offered by my 
collca«ue. 
The question was taken; and the amendment 
was disagreed to. 
Mr. MORSE. I am instructed by the Com- 
mittce on Naval Affairs to offer the followincr as 
an additional section: 
SEC. 2. and be it further enacted, That the payments 
heretofore inade to the clerks of yards, and to the com- 
mandant's clerks, at the Navy Yards of Kittery and Phil- 
ndelphia, under appropriations *nade bv Congress ihr that 
purpose, at tlye rate ot• $1,200 per annum, are hereby al- 
lowed and confinned. 
I will say, in respect to this amendment, that 
when the pay of several clerks in different yards 
was arranged many years ago, the pay of all the 
clerks of the class mentioned in the amendment 
was fixed at $1,200 pct• annum, except those in 
the Washington yard, and those in the yards at 
Kittery and Philadelphia. Those in the Wash- 
old law fixed their pay at $900, notwithstanding 
the estimates were sent in at41,200; and instruc- 
tions were sent by the head of the Bureau of Yards" 
and Docks to the pursers of those yards to pay 
those clerks $1,200. Now the Fourth Auditor has 
cut down the supply, and the paymasters at those 
yards are deducting from the $900, the amount of 
$300 a year, leaving them only #600. 
I This amendment is simply intended to legalize 
the pay which Congress intended to givc to that 
class of clerks. My opinion is that we ought 
not only to legalize that payment, but to fix the 
pay at $1,200 a year. But I do not propose to 
do that, for fear that some one may say that it is 
It certainly ought to be done. 
not in order. 
If 
we cannot do that, we can do this much: we can 
legalize the payments which have already been 
made to them, and not permit the offcers to de- 
duct $300 from their $900, thus leaving them with 
only $600 to live upon. I hope the amendment 
will be •adopted. 
Mr. FLORENCE. I will move to amend by 
providing that the salary of those clerks shall be 
$1,200. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Thatcertainly isnotin order. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 desire that full and exact 
justice should be done to those clerks; but as I am 
not disposed to embarrass thc proposition of tbc 
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, I 
will withdraw my amendment; though contend 
that those clerks are entitled to #1,200, and ought 
to have it upon principles of right and justice. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SHERMAN. i move thatthc committee 
use and report the bill to the House. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having 
resumed the chair, Mr. COLFAX reported that the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union 
had, according to order, had under consideration 
thc naval appropriation bill, and had directed him 
to report it to the Housé, with sundry amend- 
ments, with a recommendation that they do pass. 
No objection being madc, the several amend- 
ment were agreed to in gross. 
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and 
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was 
accordinglv read the third time. 
Mr. THOMAS demanded the yeas and nays 
upon the passage of the bill. 
The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
'Ehe bill was then passed. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
i lay the motion to reconsider npon the table. 
II The latter motion was agréed to. 
And then, on motion of Mr. QU ARLES, (at 
three o'clock, p. m. , ) the House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
MONDAY, January 14, 1861. 
II Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
T hc Journal of Saturday last was read and 
approved. 
MESSAGD FROM TIIF, HOUSE. 
A message from the House of Represen tati ves, 
i by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the. 
House had passed a joint resolution (No. 55) auc 
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to change 
the name of the schooner Spring Hill to that of 
the United States, in which the concurrence of 
the Senate was requested. 
The message further announced that the House 
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 144) for the 
relief of Jeremiah Pendergast, of the District of 
Columbia. 
CIVIL APPROPRIATION MLL. 
The message also announced that thc House 
had passed a bill (No. 895) making appropria- 
t ions for sundry civil expenses of the Government 
ington yard, somchow or other, got $1,400; but for the year ending June 30, 18(E, in which the 
those in the Kittery and Philadelphia yards were 
omitted, and their pay was left at $900. The Dc- 
partment, under the supposition that those two 
yards Were included in the bill, made out their 
estimates at and Congress made an ap- 
propriation accordingly for three or four years, 
and paid the clerks in those yards $1,200, 
their accounts wcrc settled at the Department for 
that amount. But in the year 18.58, when their 
accounts came in, the Fourth Auditor declined to 
allow them $1,200, upon the ground that some 
I concurrence of the Senate was requested. 
ENROLLED DILL SIGNED. 
I i The message furtherarmounced that the Speaker 
had an cnrolled bitl (H. R. No. 915) for 
I the relief of Hockaday & Liegit; t•.vhich there- 
upon received the si«rnature of ille Vice President. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. 
the Senate of the 25th of June, 11860, a 'report of 
the acting engineerin chti•rge ofthe'•offcesof Con- 
struction, relative to the claim of George P.' Kane, 
for extra work done on the post offce building in 
the city of Baltimore; which, on motion of Mr. 
DIGLER, was ordered to lie on the table. 
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION. 
Mr. BIGLER. I ask the unanimous consent 
of the Senate to introduce a bill, of which pre- 
vious notice has not been given. 
It is a bill to 
provide for taking the sense of the people of the 
several States on certain proposed amendments 
to the Constitution of the United States. As the 
bill relates toa subject of great importance, I- ask 
that it be printed, and that 'it be read at this -time 
at length. 
The bill (S. No. 537) to provide for taking the 
sense of the people •of the several States on certain 
proposed amendments to the Constitution of the 
United States was read by its title and ordered 
to a second reading. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The. second read- 
ing of the bill will be at len;th. 
YThe Secretary read the b Lll , 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfi•om 
Pennsylvania moves that the bill be printed. 
Mr. BIGLER. I wish to make a single re- 
mark on the subject of this bill. It will be per- 
ceived by the Senate that it is the mere machinery 
to carry out the plan presented by the Senator 
from Kentucky, [Mr. CRITTENDEN.) The prop- 
ositions submitted as amendments to the Con- 
stitution are somewhat .different, but the main 
I features are the same; and I beg to say, as that 
honorable Senator is absent this morning, that be 
informs me that, so far as he undesstands. these 
propositions, he concurs in them, and thinks they 
will answer the purpose he has in view. I further 
give notice that, at the earliest hour the business 
of the Senate will allow, I will call up the reso- 
lutions of the Senator from Kentucky, for the 
purpose of considering them in connection with 
the bill which i have just offered. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question 
the motion to print the bill. 
• The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. WILSON. 1 move that the bill intro- 
duced by the Senator from Pennsylvania be ra- 
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. BIGLER. the Senator from Mas- 
sachusetts will not insist upon that motion at 
If, when we take the bill up regularly 
present. 
for consideration, that is thought to be a proper 
I shall have no objection; but at 
disposition, 
present, I hope the Senator will withdraw that 
motion* until the bill is printed. 
Mr. SVILSON. I think the proper way is, to 
send a bill to the appropriate committee. This 
is a bill of a very impörtant nature, and I think 
it should go to the Committee on the Judiciary; 
and therefore I have made that motion, and must 
ad herc to it. 
The question being put, •on a division there 
were—ayes twenty-two. 
Mr.POWELL. 1 desire to ask what the bill is. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill just read 
by the Secretary. 
Mr. BIGLER. The proposition is, to refer my 
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
The VICE PRESIDENT having put the neg- 
ative, there were twenty-two opposed to the 
motion. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate being 
equally divided— 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 ask for the yeas and 
nays on the motion. 
'The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the question 
taken, I desire to say a single word. Here is a 
I bilk introduced, as I understand from imperfectly 
I hearing it read, to change the Constitution of the 
United-States, and, as I understand it, it proposes 
to change that Constitution in an unconstitutional 
way. It has never been before any committee, 
and a proposition is made to refer to the Com- 
mittee on the Judiciary. I would like to know 
what the Judiciary Committee is for, if so import- 
ant a bill as one. changing the fundamental law 
of the country is to be considered and passed 
without reference to a committee at all. It scems 
II to me surprising that aoy one should suppose that 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the sen- 
ate a report of the Secretary of the Trcasury, a bill of that character can pass without due con- 
i trust that the motion will, prevail. 
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of II sideration. 
