352 
Mr." PÜGH. I do not understand the bill of 
my from Pennsylvania to propose to alter 
the Constitution,but to submit to the people, in 
their primary capacity, the question whether it 
shall be amended according to its own terms and 
forms. . As to the present motion, I agree that a 
bill of this importance ought to go to a commit- 
tcC before it is- finally put' on its passage; but 
when the Senator who introduces it requests that 
it may not be committed for a few days, I think 
it is unpfecedented in the Senate to insist upon 
committing his bill against his own wishes; and 
therefore l' shall vote against it, holding myself 
at liberty, at some subsequent stage, to vote for 
committing it Oither to the Committee on thc Ju- 
diéiary or to a select committee; but when the 
Senator- from Pennsylvania asks the Senate not 
to commit it at this stage, I cannot imagine any 
reason why it should be done. 
Mr. BIGLER. I will simply state that I am 
unwilling to have this bill referred in the absence 
of the Senator from Kentucky. If he were present 
and assented to it, I should acrrce to it; because 
this bill has close connection With the propositions 
he has presented. I desire to keep it before the 
Senate until that honorable Senator can have an 
opportunity of seeing it, and seeing how far it 
meets the purpose he has in view in his resolu- 
tions, As I understand, it is supposed there are 
constitutional difliculties in the way. I will say 
that itis not pretended we can command the people 
of the States to •vote. The vote must necessarily 
be informal. But, sir, the surroundings are very 
extraordinary; and it is bclicved that •the people 
of the States would take this measure in hand and 
cxpréss their views, hoping they might thereby 
give peace -to the country. Nor, sir, 
is it so 
clearly in conflict with the Constitution. At all 
evcnts, it is not one of those conflicts which alarm 
the country; it is not an attempt to interfr.rc with 
the rights of the people, but simply to consult the 
powel: which made the Constitution, and consti- 
tutes this body and the other I-louse—the people, 
the source of all political power. 
r I' hc proposi- 
Lion is to take their will in advance of any action 
here: that. is all; and it will be for the men) bers 
of both branches to consider whether the oxiffcn- 
cics of the country warrant and dcmand such an 
extraordinary measure. 
I shall certainly not ob- 
iect to the reference of thc proposition to the 
Committee on the Judiciary, after I shall have 
had an opportunity of consulting the Senator from 
Kentucky on tbc subject. 
I trust the Senalor 
froin Massachusetts Will withdraw his motion for 
that pur ose. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, when the rocord 
shall be completed which the Senato is about to 
make, it wiii show the absence o? the Senators 
from Alabama, Fiorida, and Mississik)pi. 
to say in a word why this will be. '1 hcse States 
have taken steps to withdraw from this Union, of 
which we are not so well infonncd offcially as to 
justify our filing a formal notice, with the Seriate; 
but we think that our duty to our States and to 
ourselves no longer pcrrnits us to take an active 
part in tbc proceedings of this body, either by 
speaking or voting. My colleague is confined to 
hlS roon-l by a painful illness; but I quite surc 
he concurs in what I now say. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will 
call the roll. 
Mr. FOSTER. 1 voted to this bill to the 
Committee on thc Judiciary; but after the expla- 
nation o? the Senator from Pennsylvania, request- 
ing that it may lie over until he can confer with 
the Senator frorn Kentucky, I shall be willing to 
accord that courtesy to him, and shall vote now 
not to t•cfet• it. 
Mr. WILSON. On the request made by the 
Senator from Pennsylvania, will withdraw the 
motion at this time, If I can do so by the general 
consent of the Senate, the yeas and Flays beintr 
ordered . 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is general consent 
given, the yeas and nays having been ordered ? 
Tl'he Chair hears no objection. The motion to 
refer the bill is withdrav.;n. 
NAVIGATION OF MISSISSIPPI RIVER. 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 offer the resolu- 
tion; and ask for its present considcration: 
Resolved, 'I*hat the President of thc United States be rc- 
quested, if not incon:patible with the 
interest, to 
co:nlnunicate to the Senate any information iR his posses- 
Sion in regard to any attempts inade or by 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 14. 
armed bodies of men to interfere witli the free navigation 
ofthe Mississippi river; where and by what authority such 
attempts have bccn or arc to be made ; and What efforts 
have been made by the Governrnent to suppress the same. 
Mr. GREEN. Let it lie over. 
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand that the res- 
olution is objected to ? 
Thc PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
which it must 
Missouri said: Let it lie over;" 
do under the rule. 
BILL RECOMMITTED. 
Mr. GREEN. I ask the recommitment of 
House bill No. 377, for the relief of David V. 
Whiting, to the Committee on Territories. 
It was so ordei•ed. 
PUBLIC PROPERTY AT ST. LOUIS. 
Mr. GREEN. I present the following reso- 
lution; and ask its present consideration, If there 
be no objection: 
Resolved, That the President or the United States be re- 
quested to inform the Senatc by what authority the post 
oflice, court-house, and sub-treasury, at St. Loui."., 
have 
been taken possession of by military power ; and, if coin- 
patible with the public intcrcsts, to transmit copies of all 
letters or other evidence on that subject. 
Mr. GRIMES. Let it over. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over. 
Mr. POLK. With the permission of 
ate, I will make a statement of a telegraphic dis- 
patch that hold in my hand in reference to the 
matter refcrt•cd to in the resolution of my •col- 
league. I hold in my hand a telegraphic dispatch 
from the postmaster at St. Louis, dated January 
12, in which he states that a lieutenant and forty 
men were in the building yesterday (the 11tR) 
from morning until five o'clock, p. m. , vvrhen they 
retired to thc arsenal. " 
I suppose, therefore, 
they have not been therc since. 
FORTIFICATIONS IN Till,] SOUTH. 
Mr. MASON. the Senate now to take 
up for consideration the rcsolution which I offered 
some days since, asking in formation from the 
Secretary of War in referencc to certain disposi- 
tions of the military force of the United Statcs 
within the States; arid I hope the Senate will take 
it up for consideration. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow 
rne to present a memorial? I have had no oppor- 
tunity this nnorning. 
Mr. MASON. If I can retain my motion, I 
will chect•füllv do it. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. That can be done by 
eral consent. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is only by gen- 
eral consent the Senator from Virginia can keep 
his motion bcforc the Senate if he yields the floor. 
If there be no objection, the Chair will .treat it as 
u Inolion waived •for thc present. , for Senators to 
present morning business. 
RAILWAY. 
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial of 
Joseph Bryan and others, praying authority to 
build a railway along Pennsylvania avenue and 
othcr avenues and streets of the cities of Wash- 
ingt,on and Georgetown, District of Columbia; 
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis- 
trict of Columbia. 
Mr. FESSEN'DEN asked, and by unanimous 
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 
538) in relation to a railway along Pcnnsylvania 
avenue and other avcnucs and streets in the cities 
of' Washington and Georgetown, in the District 
I of Columbia; which I,vas refin•red to the Commit- 
tee on thc District of Columbia. 
TII.E WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT. 
IVIr. WILSON. 1 submit the 
I lution; and ask its consideration now, if there bo 
no objection: 
Rcsolvcd, 'i'hat the Committee on Military Affairs and 
Militia be instructed to inquire whether t.he appropriation 
Inade at the last session of Congress the cmnpletion of 
the Washington aqueduct: ' has been '6 expended accord- 
in" to the plaus and estinuates of Captain Mcigö whether 
any alterations have been made in Ibese plans and esti- 
mates, and by whom so made. And the connnittee, ill mak- 
ina these investigations, shall have power to send iOr per- 
sons and' pn pers. 
Mr. MASON. Let it go over. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Mrs. Ann 
Eliza Platt, widow of the late Charles 'P. Platt, I 
. a conunandæ• in the United States Navy, pray iF10 
for a pension; which was referred to the Com- 
mittee on Pcnsions. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of 
citizens of Annapolis, Maryland, praying the 
adoption of the compromise measures proposed 
by him; which Neva's ordered to lie on the table. 
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES. 
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Claims, to 
whom was referred the petition of George R. 
Barrett, praying the payment of a balance due 
him for revising and codifying the revenue laws 
of the United States, asked to be discharged from. 
its further consideration; which was agreed to. 
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing, 
to whom was referred the motion to print the me- 
morial of the Chamber of Commerce of New 
York, praying the aid of the Government in estab- 
lishing a line of mail steamers across the Pacific 
ocean to the populous cities of the eastern world, 
reported in favor of printing the usual number; 
and the report was agreed to. 
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom was 
referred the motion to print the memorial of the 
representatives of the Choctaw nation of Indians, 
praying payment of the amount due them under 
the treaty of June, 1855, reported in favor of 
printing the usual number; and the report was 
agreed to. 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED. 
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, 1 desire to 
offer a joint resolution, and move that it be con- 
sidered• now. 
The joint resolution (S. No. 57) authorizing 
the Secretary of thc Treasury to permit the own- 
ers of the steamboat John C. Frémont, to change 
the name of the same to that of Horizon, was 
read and passed to a second reading. 
Mr. MASON. f shall object to its considera- 
tion. I have no objection to reading it. 
Mr. CAMERON. It will not take a minute. 
Mr. MASON. Let it be read. 
The Secretary read it. 
Mr. CAMERON. If there be no objection, 1 
hope it will be considered, 
Mr. MASON. 1 must get, if 1 can, before the 
Senate, the resolution I offered some days since; 
and theretÖrc I object. 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 appeal to the Senator from 
Virginia to allow me to make a motion about 
Mr. MASON. If 1 retain the floor. 
COMMITTEE SERVICE. 
Mr. IVERSON. have to ask the Senate to 
discha.rce me from further service as chairman 
of' the Committee on Claims. 
I will take occa- 
Sion to say that I have been serving on the Com- 
mittce on Claims six years, and four years as 
It is one of the most laborious, if 
chairman . 
not thc most laborious, committees in the Senate. 
I Icavc it to the Senate, of course, to say whether 
I have discharged my duties faithfully or. not; but 
I think it is time, after this long service, that I 
should be •allowed to ret-ire from the laborious 
duties of that position. 
therefore ask thc Sen- 
ate to discharge me from it; and I move, in con- 
nection with it, that the Vice President appoint a 
chairman in my place. There are other consid- 
erations which the Senate will readily understand 
and appreciate, which induce me to ask for this 
indulgence, but which I will not state at present. 
The motion to discharge Mr. IVERSON from 
further service on the committee was agreed to. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Georgia Inoves, not that the Chair appoint a chair- 
man, but that the Chair fill the vacancy on the 
connmttec. 
IVh•. IVERSON. 1 move that the Presidentof 
the Senate, in filling the vacancy, appoint a chair- 
man, for the reason that the next in order on the 
committee, who would be entitled to act as chair- 
the Senator from Florida, [Mr. MALLORY,] 
*.vho is already chairman of the Committee on 
Naval Affairs; and by the practice of the Senate, 
it is not usual to alfow the same Senator to act as 
chairman of t',vo committees. Properly speak- 
ing, therefore, the right of precedence will be in 
the Senator from North Carolina, [M r. BRAGG;] 
bet it will be necessary, I apprehend, to allow 
the Chair to appoint Inm or somebody else as 
chairman. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will put 
tae motion in whatcvcr form it is made. 
