THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
'141•11RTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 20 SP.SSION. 
Mr. CLARK. I think the rule of the Senate 
requires the Senate to elect their chairmen; and 
under the notice given by the Senator from Mis- 
sissippi, [ NJIr. BROWN,] that there would be sev- 
eral vacancies in the Senate, and several chairmen 
to be elected, I think the rule had better be 
adhered to. 
FORTIFICATIONS IN THE SOUTII. 
The VICE PRESiDENT. The Senator from 
Virginia moves to take up the resolution submit- 
ted by him, calling for copies of orders from the 
Commander-in-Chief of the Army, to omcet•s in 
command of förtifications of the United States in 
the Slate of South Carolina, since the 1st 
day of November last. 
Mr. •MASON. Read the resolution. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is 
now on taking it up. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Let us hear what it is, 
that we may see whether we will take it up. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to conn- 
munieate to the Senate copies of all or(lers issued from that 
Department. or frotn the. C-onunan•ier-in-Chiefofthe Arrny, 
to the. officers in connnand of the tortifications of the Uni- 
ted States in the. State of South Carolina, since the 1st day 
of November last; and that he also conununicate to the 
Senate copies of any military plans, or recotnrnendations, 
oc the 00111tr,ander-in-Chief of the. Army, or of any officer 
thereof, to the War Departmcnt, touching the military oc- 
cupation, by increased force or 01herwise, of the forts or 
arsenals of the United States in the State o? Virginia, or 
in any of the States bordering on the Atlantic ()l• Gulf of 
Mexico, south 01' Virginia, in the District of Columbia, or 
the navy-yard at Pensacola; and that he inforrn the Sen- 
ate whether any such plausor recomnendations havc been 
adopted at his Departnxent., and what orders, if any, have 
been issued pursuant thereto. 
The motion to take up the resolution was 
agreed to. 
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the purpose of 
the resolution, as explained upon its face, is a 
direction to the Secretary of to communicate 
to the Senate the information called for in the res- 
o)uuor,. That information is concerningany orders 
that have been issued to othcers of the United 
Stales, commanding forts or arsel'lals in South 
Carolina, if any such there be, and any military 
plans or suggestions by the Commander-in-Chief 
of the Army touching the occupation by military 
force, or the increase of the garrisons, of any 
of the forts or arsenals in Virginia, and the States 
'I'he purpose of it, sir, is to 
south of Virginia. 
learn whether, in the consideration of the Presi- 
dent of the United Ståtes, who is the Commander- 
in-Cllicf, there is any present necessity for in- 
creasing 01' for redistributing the military force 
of the Ullüe.d States in a certain section of this 
Confederation—for it is col'lfined to the southern 
I should not have offered the resolution 
States. 
as to any military plans, or military suffge.stions 
from the officer commanding in chief, but for in- 
formation, upon which I rely, that such military 
plans have been submitted to the Federal author- 
lty. I want to know, for thc information of my 
State, and for the information of all the States in- 
terested, whether, in the opinion of the President, 
there is any military necessity for changing the 
status of the military force of the country in ref- 
erence to one section of the country only; for the 
inquiry is confined to one section. 
In times like these, we are all aware that the 
very atrnosphere is filled with rumors and reports 
of the purposes of those in authority—the far 
greater proportion of them without any founda- 
tion in truth, and a great many of them with the 
truth perverted, whether designedly or ignorantly 
is immaterial. "VVhat we ought to know—what 
we have a right, in my judgment, to know—is 
whether there is anything in the condition of the 
country which, in the opinion of those. havinff 
authority—to wit, the President and those acting 
under him as military omcers—calls upon him and 
aut.horizes him to change the previous condition 
of the distribution of the military force of the 
United States with reference to one section of thc 
country onb.'. 
An honorable Senator near me, for whose opin- 
ions I have very great respect, has suggested, in- 
23 
TUESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1861. 
formally, that the resolution should directed 
I have thought it best, in the 
to the president. 
present state of things, to direct it to the Secretary 
of War, and to make it imperative; to make a 
mandate; to take from him, at least, all discretion. 
It is very certain, from the organization of the 
Government, that it will not be done without the 
sanction of the President; and if the President, in 
the exercise of his high responsibility, should 
consider that there is anything which makes it 
incompatible with the public interests that we 
should have that information, let him say so; but 
unless be does interpose, I desire that the resolu- 
tion of the Senate shall be imperative upon the 
subject. 
Now, sir, we know the honorable Senator from 
Mississippi has just announced that there are 
our States of this Union which have already de- 
clared themselves no longer members of the Con- 
federacy. We know that it is the opinion of many 
very el]kightened gentlemen that the act of those 
States is sirnply void, and in the career of Federal 
power not to be regarded. learn, sir, from 
very pregnant information, that there are other 
St,at.es, all confined to the southern section of 
country, who have it in their immediate contem- 
plation to take similar steps to abandon this Con- 
federation. As to onc of the States to which the 
resolution refers, we have official information, 
communicated to us by the President, that that 
State, acting in its highest sovereignty by the 
people asseu)bled in primary convention, have, in 
the exercisc of their sovereignty, withdraw n them- 
selves from this Confederacy. 
Such being the sta_te of facts in the section of 
the country to which the resolution refers, if it be 
true that the President of the United States has 
deemed Ili'uselfauthorized, or if it be true that the 
very high military offcer who is commander-in- 
chief of the Army of the United States, has con- 
sidered it an occasion for him either to volunteer 
or to prepare any instructions and plans for thc 
distribati01') of the military forces of the United 
States in th ose States, or upon the borders of those 
States, I should consider myself not discharginff 
the duties that belong to me asa Senator from one 
of those States, if I did not take the most direct 
means of bringing that information before the 
country. I hope, therefore, it will be the pleasure 
It is for in- 
of the Senate to pass the resolution. 
fbrl.vmation only. 
Mr. CLARR. I move to amend the resolution 
" the Secretary of War 
by striking out the words, 
and 
be directed to connuunicatc to the Senate, 
the President 
to insert. in lieu thereof the words, 
of the United States b? requested to communicate 
to tho Senate, if not incompatible with the public 
i service;" and on that amendment I ask for the I 
yeas and nays. 
Mr. MASON. The whole subject will be neces- 
sarily under the control of the President of the 
United States. The Secretary of War is but his 
minister. The Secretary of War will not obey the 
mandate of lhc Senate unless the President of the 
United States authorizes him todo so. Ifthe Presi- 
dcnt thinks that it is incompatible with timo public , 
interest to give this information, let him say so, 
upon his responsibility; but I object to out' direct-e 
ing it to the President, and thus, in terms, leaving 
it to his discretion, because it would imply that 
in the consideration of the Senate there might be 
something inconsistent with the public interest in 
informing the whole country of the relations in 
which the executive authority, or in which the 
highest military offcer in the land, stands in re- 
gard to one section of this country. I want toobtain 
the facts by a mandate upon the Secretary of War. 
If the President chooses to interpose, and to with- 
hold from us the information, let him do so; but 
I therefore oppose the I 
I would not suggest it. 
amendment. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, 1 (10 not 
feel particularly called upon to object to the reso- 
lution on the ground ofa want of the ordinary 
courtesy that is extended 10 the Chief Magistrate, 
particularly in t.h is case , comi ng from o•entlemen on 
the other side of the Chamber, and especially from 
NEW 
the Senator, from Virgi_nia, who is usu.till-y•éx- 
ceedingly particular: upon those points. 
L recol-. 
lect—although I- could not specify—more thanone 
instance in which, at the. suggesüon of the Sena' 
tor from Virginia, the amendment now, proposed 
by the Senator from New Hampshire has been 
made on the ground that it was not proper, in 
relation to. matters of delicacy especially, to call 
upon an inferior offeer in the form of a mandate; 
but that the direction should be to the PreSident, 
su cr«esting, or requesting, that he wot.fl(l communia 
cate the information if, in his judgment, he thought 
Mß. MASO'N. Will the Senator allow me, a 
moment? 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly, 
Mr. MASON. I think—indeed I am sure—the 
Senator misapprehends the sort of objection that 
I have heretofin•e made. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think not. 
Mr. MASON. According to my recollection, 
I think the Senator is mistaken. Sometimes, 
when a resolution offered by a Senator has been 
addressed to the President, without leaving it to 
his discretion, I have taken leavc to suggeét that 
.the President, being a coequal department of the 
Government, it has been always usual to leave 
hirn to determine whether it was compatible with 
the public interest; but -I have never, I am sure, 
when any Senator, upon his responsibility, has 
thought it right to address a mandate to:one of 
the offcers of the Government, suggested that it 
should be addressed to the President inscead of 
his subordinate in the Department. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I may be in error with 
regard to my recollection on that subject so far as 
the Senator from Virginia is concerned. Of course 
1 would not undertake to say so if he was posi- 
tivc the other way. But, Sir, we never address 
to the President a communication directing hiln 
to furnish us with information. ; The ordinary 
form is to request him, precisely in the terms su«r- 
gested by my friend fron'l New Hampshire. How- 
ever, when we send a resolution to tbe Secretary 
of War or any other Secretary, the head ofa De- 
we generally direct him to furnish the 
Information. The oblection made in the present 
instance is: that from the very nature of t.his busi- 
ness, it is a matter of delicacy, and therefore we 
should not request the information, unless in such 
a form as to leave it to the discretion of the Ex- 
ecutivc to communicate it; because it might be 
that he wrould have to be obliged, necessarily, to 
make the communication to us in tbe form suæ- 
(rested by the honorable Senator from Virginia. 
Now sir, why should we depart from the usual 
form in this instance? Has the Senator given any 
reason? In the very nature of this matter sought 
to be inquired into, the Senate must perceive a rnat- 
ter of delicacy and difficulty. Everybody knoivs 
what the situation of the country is at the present 
time, and if these movements are made, and they 
are certainly founded upon something, not upon 
mere suspicion, of course Itisan executive Inatter, 
a military matter, which it is very likely ought 
not to be, in the judgment of the President, com- 
municated to the couhtry at the present time. The 
only reason the Senator gives is, that he should 
like to know whether the President will refuse the 
information. I do not perceive that that fact va- 
ries ita particle. If, he says, and it is undoubtedly 
true, the President thinks it is not compatible with 
the public interest to communicate this informa- 
tion, he will say so. If he will say so, why, then, 
avoid theordinary course of proceeding, which is 
considered c.ourteous to the Executive, aid put 
this in a different form from that which is usually 
adopted in like cases? It is not to be presumed that 
the Secretary of War will, without consulting tho 
Commander-in-Chief, communicate any informa- 
tion on matters of that description—I mean the 
President of the United Slates, the Commander- 
in -Chief of the A rmy. 
Why then avoid, I ask again, the ordinary 
course of proceeding in this case? I feel no very 
great interest in it, and i do not rise here to pro- 
tect the President against anything which is a de- 
