1861, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
95b 
olutions of the Senator from Virginia, by unani- 
mous consent, be considered as before the Senate, 
without displacing the •Kansas bill. 
Mr. PUGH. 1 have objected to that. Let us 
havre it by a vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the bill 
before the Senate is the act to admit Kansas into 
the Union. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The question is upon 
the reconsideration of the last vote, I think. 
Mr. GREEN. My motion is to postpone thgt 
bill, and make it the special order for Wednesday 
next at one o'clock. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on an amendment to the bill. That is the ihrx- 
pression of the Chair. 
Mr. GREEN. That is not the question, Mr. 
President. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 understood the Sen- 
ator from Missouri to move a reconsideration. 
I moved to postpone 
Mr. GREEN. No, sir. 
to a day certain—Wednesday next at one o 'clock. 
The other motion was for an indefinite postpone- 
ment. This makes a definite postponement, and 
is perfectly in order under the rules. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. understand from the 
Chair, that the question is on an amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
now is on the motion to postpone the bill before 
the Senate until Wednesday of this week, and 
make it the special order for that day at one 
o 'clock. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 shall vote for 
tion, merely to afford the Senator from Missouri 
[Mr. POLK] the opportunity of speaking. When 
I voted in the negative on the last vote that was 
taken by yeas and nays, I did so on a mere ques- 
tion of competition of business—nothing else. 
did not know that there was uny question of cour- 
tesy to the honorable Senator from Missouri. 
merely voted for it as a question of business, and 
I say this not be- 
of the preference of business. 
cause I desire to acquit myself of the charge which 
the honorable Senator from Louisiana has made 
against this body, pronouncing it a proceeding un- 
I say, sir, that Ido not do 
worthy of the Senate. 
it to acquit myself of any part of that rebuke of 
the Senator; but I do it because I think it is a 
proper matter of courtesy, when.l understand the 
do not think; how- 
request of the gentleman. 
ever, that the action of the Senate 8hould be char- 
acterized in the language in which it has been 
done. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate 
ready for the question ? 
Mr. POLK. What ig the motion before the 
Senate ? 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The motion of 
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. GREEN,] which 
is to postpone the bill now under consideration, 
until Wednesday next, and make it special 
order for one o'élock on that day. That is the 
motion now before thc Senate. 
Mr. POLK. have only to say that I am sat- 
isfied, from what gentlemen have said, that in the 
vote that was taken, they misunderstood the re- 
mark that I made, and did not vote as they did 
with a view of violating what had been the unin- 
1 
terrupted courtesies, heretofore, of the Senate. 
stated that I preferred to speak on the resolutions 
that had been postponed until to-day, and made 
the special order upon my motion, with a view of i 
my havirv an opportunity to address the Senate 
on them, and that if that should not be done, I 
could make my speech on-the other special order; 
I did not say that I 
but preferred not to do it. 
would not make my speech on the other special 
order. 
in the afternoon. An amendment is proposed to 
that motion, that it shall be postponed until half- 
past threc o'clock to-day. In a. matter of this 
sort the question must be taken on the longest 
Is the Senate ready for the question 
time first. 
on the motion of the Senator from Missouri, to 
postpone the further consideration of the bill until 
Wednesday next at three o'clock, and make it 
the special order for that time? 
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a 
division—ayes 25, noes 19. 
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL. 
The bill (H. R. No. 895) making appropria- 
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern- 
ment for the year ending Junc 30, 1862, was read 
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee 
on Finance. 
SCHOONER SPRING HILL. 
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 55) authoriz- 
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to change the 
name of the schooner Spring I-likl to that of the 
United States, was read a first time by its title, and 
ordered to a second reading. 
Mr. GRIMES. I have been requested to move 
that that bill be taken up and acted upon at once. 
I believe it is a bill merely proposing to change 
make that motion. 
the namc ofa vessel. 
There beino• no objection, the joint resolution 
was read second time, and considered as in Com- 
It was reported to the Sen- 
mittee of the Whole. 
ate without amendment, ordered to a third read- 
ing, read the third time, and passed. 
MESSAGE FROM HOUSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
House. had passed the. following bills, in which 
the concurrence of the Senate was requested: 
A bill (No. 929) for the relief of the register of 
the land offce at Vincennes, Indiana; and for 
other purposes; and 
A bill (No. 583) for the relief of the heirs and 
legal representatives of .Jean A. B. Dauterivc. 
NAVAL APPROPRIATION DILL. 
The niessage farther announced that the House 
had passed a bill (No. 914) making appropria- 
tions for the naval service for the year ending the 
30th of June, 1862; in which the concurrence of 
the Senate was requested. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. 
The message further announced that the Speaker 
had signed the following enrolled bills; which 
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres- 
A bill (H. R. No. 921) for the relief of the 
assignee of Hon. David C. Pnoderick•, and 
A'bi\l (S. No. 144) for the relief of Jeremiah 
Pendergast, of the District of Columbia. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
The message further announced that the House 
had ordered the printing of the following docu- 
ments, on January 12, 1861: 
A letter frorn the, Secretary of thc Interior, 
transmittincr a transcript of certain private land 
claims in New Mexico—ordered 'it twelve o'clock 
and fourteen minutes. 
A letter from the Secretary of War ad interinl, 
transmitting information in relation to depreda- 
tions committed by the Indians in the Territories 
of Oregon and Washington—ordered at twelve 
o'clock and fifteen minutes. 
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED. 
The following bills from the House of Repre- 
sentativcs were severally read twice by their 
move that it be taken up and specially assigned* 
for to-morrow at one o'clock: 
Mr. LATHAM. believe that bill 
ready been made the special order for to-morrow 
at one o'clock. 
It is out 
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; it has not. 
of place. I have inquired at the Secretary's desk. 
Mr. LATHAM. Then 1 hope the motion 
will be -agreed to; 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved 
that the Senate take up the Pacific railroad bill, 
for the purpose of assigning a day for its consid- 
eration. 
There being no objection, the Senate, tis in 
the Committee of the 'Whole, resumed the con- 
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 701) to secure 
contracts and make provision for the safe, cer- 
tain, and more speedy transportation, by railroad, 
f mails, troops, mviitions of war, military and 
val stores, between the Atlantic States and 
t se of the Pacific, and for other purposes; and 
s postponed to, and made the special order 
it 
of day for, to-morrow at one o'clock. 
FORTS AND ARSENALS IN THE STATES. 
The Senate resumed the consideration of the 
following resolution, submitted by Mr. HUNTER 
on the 2d instant: 
Whereas certain forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, 
and •other needful buildings, have been placed under the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States by a cession to 
that effect from certain States, and it may be the desire of 
onc or more of t.hose States to resume the jurisdiction thus 
ceded : Now, therefore, 
Be it •resolred, That the President of the United States 
ought to be authorized by law, upon the application of the 
Legislature, or of a regular cenvention of the people , of any 
such States, to retrocede this jurisdiction to such.States, 
upon taking proper security tör the sate-keeping and return 
of all the property of the United States, or for paying for 
the value of the sauue if destroyed or injured by the act of 
any of the States Inaking such application. 
The pending question was on the amendment 
of Mr. TRUMBULL, which was to strike out the 
prcamble, and all the resolution after the word 
" that," and, in lieu of it, to insert: 
We fully approve DC thc bold and patriotic act Of Major 
Anderson, in withdrawing from Port Moultrie to Fort Sum- 
ter, and the detennination of the President to maintain 
that fearles.s officer in his present position ; and that we 
will support the President in all constitutional measures to 
enforce the laws an(l preserve the Union. 
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, in the momentous 
crisis precipitated upon the country, I have felt 
constrained hitherto to refrain from participating 
in the debate occasioncd by it. I have feared that 
if I should speak I might say something which 
might be productive of harm; that, under the 
pressure of excitement or of interest for my State 
and constituents, I might not heed as implicitly 
as I oucrht the dictates of moderation and patriot- 
ism. 
Bat, representing, in part, on this floor, a State 
whose welfare know is most deeply involved—a 
border slaveholding State, and though one of the 
youngest, yct onc of the most populous of the 
soulhcrn States; indeed, the first of • all of them 
in white population—I feel that duty allows. me 
to remain silent no longer. 
Mr. Prcsident, the Roman historian, Tacitus, in 
describing the condition of the eternal imperial 
city when about to receive the shock of one of 
those startling revolutions which transferred the 
imperial purple from one Emperor to another, 
used this language: G Non tunvult•us, non quies, 
sed quale magnæ iræ, mao•ni ntetu.s, silent'ium 
E fruit." There 'tvas not turnult, there was not 
quiet; but the silence of great wrath und great 
fear. This, I apprehend, is the condition of the 
southern half of our Confederacy at this hour. 
The noise and excitement of the late presidential 
cttnvass are past. The contest is decided. Sec- 
register of tionalism and anti-slavery fanaticism have tri- 
umpbed; their candidates are elected; and now 
the land office at Vincennes, Indiana, and for 
require, with a view of making a motion to post- 
there is the calm, the silence, of rnen settled in 
pone this Kansas bill as longas may be necessary • other purposes—to the Connnittce on Public 
their purpose to accept the stern alternative forced 
Mr. POLK. 1 will state to the Senator 1 Lands. 
upon them by the resu\t. Now look, in the other 
cannot tell exactly how long may speak to the ' A bill (No 914) making appropriations for the 
naval service for the year ending the 30th of direction' at the North. What is the state of the 
I hope, however, not to weary their 
case there? At first astonishment; then, among 
Senate. 
Jane, 1862—to -the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend so as to post- A bill (No. 583) for the relief of the heirs and the honest and patriotic masses, regret, profound 
and wide-spread. 
pone the consideration of the bill until half past legal representatives of Jean A. B. Dauterive— 
T hc two sections are brought by the result face 
three o'clock; and then i will move another post- to the Committee on Private Land Claims. 
I to face, not in fraternal greeting, but in unnatural 
poncment, if that is not long enough. 
antagonism, separated by a geographical line. 
RAILROAD TO PACIFIC. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
A n') Q- I Mr. WILSON. I desire to make a simple i I What is the condition over tho entire 
is made to postpone the motion in regard to on. a of Confederagy, both Universal 
tion of the bill until Wednesday at one o'clock mine the Pacific railroad bill lost its pkice•, I now II panic, prostration of credit, public and private. 
