1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
ent Democratic Administration has exceeded the 
worst apprehensions of the convention, (the Chi- 
cago convention,) among other thingo, 
"in con- 
struing the persönal relation between master and 
servant to involve," as they say, " an unqualified 
property in persons." And again, the eighth 
resolution is as follows: 
That the normal condition of the territory of tho 
Ünitcd States is that of freedom. That as our republican 
täthers, when they had abolished slavery in all our national 
territory, ordained that no person should be deprived of 
life, liberty, or property, without due brocess of law, it be- 
comes our duty, by legislation, wrbcnever such legislation 
is necessary, to maintain this provision of the Constitution 
against all attempts to violate it. And we deny the author- 
ity of Congress, of a 'Iterritorial Legislature, or of any indi- 
viduals, tn give legat existence to slavery in any 'Iterritory 
of the United States." 
Now, consider this in connection with the dec- 
laration made on the floqu• of the United States 
Senato in 1857, by thc Scnator from New York, 
[Mr. SEWARD,] who may be considered the leader 
of the party, that the Supreme Court of the Uni- 
ted States must be reformed, which means that 
the national judiciary must be abolitionized; and is 
it not evident that the writ of habeas corpus might 
bc brought into use to effect the liberation of tliC 
Is not such a 
slaves in the sla•veholding States? 
purpose palpable, and such a result probable ? 
What, then, could the slaveholdingStåtesexpect, 
after the election of such a candidate upon such a 
platform, but that all the patronage and all thc 
power of the Federal Governmellt, in all its depart- 
2nents, would be brought to bear upon the inst_i- 
tution of slavery in the South, in order to com- 
pass its destruction? 
To this effect have been the plain and unmis- 
takable avowals of the Republican part.y since the 
It has constituted (he 
election of its candidates. 
theme of their rejoicimys•, it has rung from the 
members of the Republican party, including both 
Senators and Representatives, that they have 
shown a disposition as unyielding and defiant as 
even Mr. Giddings could have desired. Nothing 
is to be conceded, it would seem, even if the de- 
struction of the Union is to be the consequence. 
Sir, at the formation of the Constitution, twelve 
of the thirteen States were slaveholding. And 
even Massachusetts herself had been a slavehold- 
ing colony; nor had she. ever abolished slavery by 
. any statute law. Thcy all recognized the right 
of property in slaves. 
The Constitution was adapted to the institution 
of slavery as it then existed, and was in accord- 
ance with thc public sentiment of the whole coun- 
try at tho time. Accordingly, no man doubted 
that it rec.ocnized property in slaves, and was. 
designed to protect it wherever the national flag 
I was unfurlcd, on sea or on land. No question 
was made as to the right of the master to carry 
his slave with him into the common Territories 
of the Union. Even the men of Massachusetts 
Its denial 
would no doubt have conceded it. 
vvrould have lessened thc market, and consequently 
depreciated the price that the New England slave 
trader might gct the slaves hc was importing 
from Africa by the ship-load. The flag of the 
Union protected this property on its passage from 
Africa to the slave States of the South. The trea- 
tics of the country with foreign nations specially 
mur, to the destruction of such an mazingamount 
of property? Sir, no people,-in anv dgo.ofil,id 
world, in any country,- Or climes ufider anv 
of government, has ever submitted to the 'dé- 
struction of a hundredth part of it without resiSt• 
ance and revolution. 
But there is a more horrible result still to 
lo•.v; especially in those States where the black 
slaves greatly outnumber; the free Whites. This 
I forbear to hold up to view. 'I draw a vail over 
it. Let not its horrors be reven suggested to the 
imagination. 
I um satisfied, Mr. President, that there existS, 
and is spreading among the masses of the citizenx 
of the southern section •of our Union, alarm in all 
the slaveholding States, rear and profound alarm, 
for the safety both of their property and of the 
lives- of their •vvives and children. •The Presidénc 
has sketched tl)is in the following sentences of his 
last annual message: 
The inmediate peiil arises not so much from these 
causes as from tbc fact that the incessant an-d violent agl- 
I t.ation of the slavery question throughout the North, for the 
last quarter ofa century, has at length produced its -malign 
influence on the slaves, and inspired them with vague no- 
tions of freedom. Hence, a sense of security no longer 
exists around the fan)ily altar. This feeling of peace at home 
has given place to apprehensions of servile insurrection. 
Many a mason. throughout the South retires at night in 
dread of what may befåll herself and children betöre 
the morning. Should this apprehension ofdomestic danger, 
whether real or imaginary, extend and intensify itself until 
it shall pervade the tnasses of the southern people, then dis- 
stipulated for the indemnification •of the loss of 
union will become inevitable. Self-preservation is the first 
I slaves. This was done in Jay 's treaty. I t was lavv of nature, and has been implanted in the heartot' man 
by his Creator for the. wisest purpose; and no political 
done in the treaty of Ghent;" and the treaty for 
union, however t•raught with blessings and benefits in all 
the acquisition of Louisiana rccoffnizes and pro- 
other respects, can long continue, if the necessary conse- 
tccts the right of property in slaves. 
quence be to render the homes and the firesides of nearly 
But the tirncs have changed. States have 
institutions; and now eighteen of 
changed their 
ofthcm are non-slaveholding—a majority in num- 
ber, and the majorit.y in population—and now the 
press; it has spoken from the rostrun:u. 
editors and potiticians have reiterated it. The v political power of the country is in their hands. 
Eut the Constitution is not changed. No amend- 
attitude and temper of the party have been not 
ment ha.s been added to it on the subject of sla- 
merely .morc arrocrant, but morc hostile and moro 
very. It rctnains exactly the same to-day that it 
threatening, since their triump h than before, evinc- 
was in 178.9. Yet, Mr. President, what do we 
ing a detoro•ination to use. their victory axrair:.st 
now behold? A political party has been organ- 
the rights of the slaveholding States of the Union, 
izcd upon orie idea of hostility to sla- 
rcgard]css of the consequences. 
The New York Tribune, which may bcsaid to it very,and its ultimate and certain abolition inevery 
section and State of our broad republic; and it 
have been the war-horse of Mr. Lincoln 's cam- 
paion, and whose editor is supposed to have been 
his special friend in the Chicago convention, on 
the 22d of December last, published the followrinc. 
We arc enabled to state, in tbc most positive terms, 
that Mr. Lincoln is utterly opposed to any enneession or 
compronjise that shali yield one iota of the position occU- 
pied by the Republican party on the subject of slavery in 
the Territories ; and that he stands now, as he stood in May 
last, when he accepted the nomination for the Presidency, 
square upon the Chicago platform." 
And the Springfield Journals which is consid- 
ered Mr. Lincoln's home organ, after the States 
bordering on the Guff of Mexico had begun to 
evince a determination to take tbc steps deemed 
necessary by them to insure their domestic tran- 
quillity, published an articlc in which occurs the 
following strong language: 
Let the secessionists understand it; let the press pro- 
claim it;. let it fly on the wings of the lightning, and fall 
like a thunderbolt mnong those now plotting treason in con- 
vention, that the Republican party, that the great North, 
aided by hundreds of thousands of' patriotic mcn in the slave 
States, have determined to preserve the Union—peaceably, 
if they can; forcibly, if they inust." 
In a speech made by him, at a public meeting 
of his partisan friends in Massachusetts, shortly 
after the late presidential election, assembled in 
order to rejoice over their victory, one-of the Sen- 
ators on this floor from that State [MI'. WILSON] 
is reported to have said, that they now had their 
heel upon the neck oftbe slave power. 
And Mr. Giddings, of Ohio, who has the 
utation of having procurcd the insertion in the 
Chicago platform of the portion most hostile to 
southern institutions, has lately held forth in the 
foliowinff strain: 
Let it be understood that we do not recognize the right 
of any menuber of Congress to rnake platftn•nis for us; that 
we shall -not recounize their right or assumption to abandon 
our principfes or aaerifiee our honor: at the dictates of our 
enemies, whom we have triurnphantly vanquished at the, 
ballot-box." 
But, Mr. President, there was no neod of his 
holding such lano•uage to the members of Congress 
of his partyin either House. We know full well, 
from the reports of the committee of thirty-three 
in the House, and of the committee of thirteen it) 
the Senate, and fröm the temper evinced by the 
has triumphed. It has wrought a revolution in 
the public sentiment of the country against SIR- 
very, and is about to ina.uryurate a revolution in 
the policy and administration of the Government 
for its extinction. 
Mr. President, has the South no cause for alarm 
for the safety of her institutions, and the security 
I of her rigllts? Is not her very existence at stake? 
How long could she retain the institution of sla- 
very after the whole power of the Federal Gov- 
ernment shall have been brought to bear upon 
her for its destruction? Think w}oat. could be 
effected by the Federal legislation. Abolition of 
slavery in the District of Columbia; abolition in 
the arsenals, dock-yards, and forts; outlawry of 
it on the high seas, and wherever the flag of the 
Union floats; exclusion of it from the common 
Territories belonging equally to all the States; 
circumscribing it as with a wall of fire within the 
States. 
Then let the long and strong arm of the Exec- 
utive power of the Government be put forth for 
its extinction within the States. Sir, it will be 
mighty to the pulling down of the strongholds of 
southern institutions and rights. Against almost 
everything else but this, the South might protect 
herself. Cohorts of Federal offce.holders, Abo- 
litionists, may be sent into her midst to exert the 
patronage, influence, and power of their offces, 
half thc parties to -it habitually and hopelessly insecure. 
i Sooner or later the bonds of such a union must be severed," 
This very alarm is one of the most Intolerable 
of tho grievances inflicted on the South by the 
ceaseless and systematic aggressions of Northern 
abolitionism and negroism. NO people can con- 
sent to live in the midst of alarms by _day, and 
terror by night. Last of all others will the Amer- 
ican people in the slavchoJding States of this Con. 
federacy consent, to it. 
terror by night" is ranked by the 
Sir, the 
sacred penman In the same category with the 
arrow that flieth by day, and the pestilence that 
walketh in darkness, and the destruction that 
wasteth o.t noon-day. 
I am also satisfied, sir, that there is a settled 
purposc on the part of the peoplc of' thc southern 
I States to have the difficulties now brought upon 
them settled fully and forever, and settled at once. 
Nothing short of this will meet the exi«rencies of 
the present crisis. And in order to such settle- 
ment, irrepealable amendments of the Constitu- 
tion ought to bo made, covering the following 
points: 
1. Express and uncquivocal recognition of the 
right of property in slaves. 
2. A •similar recognition of the right of the 
owner to take his slaves into the common terri- 
tory of the United States, and to have his rigut 
of property in them protected by the Federal 
Government there, and wherever elsc its jurisdic- 
{ion extends. 
3. That Congress shall have no power to abol••• 
isli slavery in places under its immediate juris- 
diction situated within the limits of the States 
I that permit the holding of slaves. 
4. Nor within t.l'iC District of Columbia, so long 
as slavery shall cxist in either of the States of 
Virginia or Maryland, nor without the consent of 
the inhabitants, nor without just cornpcnsation 
first made to such owners as do not consent to such 
abolishment. 
5. Nor shall Congrcgs have power to prohibit 
and to plot and conspire acrainst proper- 
t y, her peace. Pqstmasters—more than thirtccn or hinder thc transportation of slaves from ono 
thousand—with all their employös, controlling the State to another, nor to the District of Columbia, 
mails and loading them down with incendiary II nor to a Territory of the United States. 
documents Add t-o these, land officers, surveyors 6. That, when the owner shall be prevented 
of land, surveyors of ports, collectors of customs, from retaking I'lis fugitive slave, or when such 
assistant treasurers, judges and marshals, each of l! fugitive shall be rescued from him by force, he 
these, with all his employés, intent upon one aim. shall receive compensation for the value of his 
What institution could withstand such an inva- slave. 
sion, such sappino and mining? Even the Senator p All this the slaveholding States ought to have; 
from Ohio [Mr. WADE] is not surprised that the and all this the non-slavcholding ought to be 
citizens of the slaveholding States should begin ing to concede. They ought to be willing to make 
these concessions, first, for the suffeientand com- 
to arouse themselves from their supinencss. 
T hc slave property of the South, sir, is worth manding reason tl'lat they would relieve the com- 
Is it to mon country. 
thrcc and a half or four billion dollars. 
Secondly. They are fully varranted by the 
be expeéted that a bravo and intelligent pcople 
woufd submit without resigtance, without a mur- Constitution as it mw stands, and are in 
