1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
it is as a 'matter of personal convenience and ac- 
commodätion that he makes this motion to post- 
pone unt.il Thursday ? 
Mr. W,ILSON. 1 do not ask it on that ac- 
count. 
Mr. GREEN. Then 1 shall vote against it. 
Mr. W iLSON. To-morrow has been assigned 
for the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill, 
and the day after for the Kansas bill; I do not 
wish to interrci•e with them, and I should like to 
have this subject go over. 
The queslion being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted-—yeas 9, nays 30; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, 
Hale King, Sumner, Wade, and Wilson—9. 
NRYS— Messrs. Anthony, Benjatnin, Bigler, Bragg, 
Chandler, Ciark, Clingman, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, 
Douglas, Fitch, Foster, Green, Harlan, Hemphill, Hunter, 
Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of 'Itennessee, Ken- 
nodv,• Lane, Lathan), Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, 
Powell, Saulsbury, and 
So the Senate refused to adjourn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. MAs0Nin 
the chair.) The question now is on the motion 
of the Senator from Massachusetts to postpone 
until Thursday next, at half past twelve o'clock, 
the *esolutions of the Senator from Kentucky. 
Mr. -KENN ED Y called forthc yeas and nays, 
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted 
—yeas 19, nays 25; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs, Anthony, Bingham, Chandler; Clark, 
Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Gritnes, Hale, 
Harlan, Ki!!! , Simmons, Sumner, 'l'en Eyck, Truinbull, 
Wade, aud 19 
NAYS—.Mcssrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Clingman, 
Crittenden, Douglas, Fitch, Green, Hemphill, Hunter, Iver- 
son, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of' 'Ilennessee, Ken- 
nedy, Lane, Lathagn, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk 
Powell, Rice, Saulsbury Sebastian, and Wigfall—25. 
So the motion was not agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Ken- 
tuck y to postpone the resolutions until to-morrow 
at half nast twelvo o'clock, and make them the 
order of business to the exclusion of all other 
orders. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to inquire 
whether it is competent to makc an order of that 
character? The resolutions may be postponed, 
doubtless; but is it competent to make an order 
that they shall be considered to the exclusion of 
all other business until they bc disposed of? 
Would such an order arnount to anything? Will 
not the Senate have it in its power, by a major- 
ity, at any time, to set that aside? 
It wouid a 
change, as it seems to me, of the rules of the Sen- 
If there are special orders to which the rules 
ate. 
apply, would they not be entitled to precedence, 
notwithstanding any such vote of the Senate? It 
seems to me that that portion of the motion is out 
of order, or rather that it would require a change 
of the rules to adopt it. Under the rules, thc old- 
est special order set for one o'clock to-naorrow, i 
for instance, is entitled to be called up at that 
hour; and the Presiding Offcer calls up that busi- 
ness at that hour. Now, is it competent for the 
Senate to-day, by a vote, to change that rule, so 
as to make this particular business the business 
of the Senate to the exclusion of everythino else ? 
I arn cbrtainly against any such proposition as 
I doubt if it would be competent for the 
that. 
Senate to pass it without changing the rules. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER'. The Chair 
will sav to the Senator, that he considers it in- 
on him to entertain the motion. The I 
Senate can make such disposition of the motion 
as the Senate thinks proper. Whether it will 
conflict W'ith the existing rules of the Senate, will 
be for the Senate to decide when that conflict 
may be shown. 
Mr. BIGLER. This case is in a nutshell. 
It is perfectly 
is not proposed to make a rule. 
competent for the Senate at any time to make an 
order, This is to be an order of the Senate. 
The Senate has a right to make an order, and to 
It is equally true. that it is 
execute an order. 
competent for the Senate to suspend the execu- 
tion of that order, and that is often done; but no 
question of order or rule can be interposed against 
this motion. It is competent for the Senate to 
make the order at any time, •notwithstanding it 
would seem to be inconsistent with a former order, 
because fixing business by priority is a mere 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to the 
rule read which relates to special orders. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary 
will read the rule required. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
Special Orders. 
31. When the hour shall have arrived for the consider- 
ation ofa special order, it shall be the duty of the Chair to 
take up such special order, and the Senate shall proceed 
to consider it, unless it be postponed by vote of the Sen- 
ate. 
Precedence in Special Orders. 
When two or more subjects shall have been specially as- 
signed för consideration, they shall take precedence accord- 
ing to the order of tune at which Lbe.y were severally 
assigned, aid such order shall at no time be lost or changed, 
except by the direction of the Senate. 
Precedence in Speciat Orders and over General Orders. 
When two or more subjects shall have been assigned for 
the satne hour, the subject first assigned for that hour shali 
take precedence ; but special orders shall always have pre- 
cedence of general orders, unless such special orders shall 
be postponed by direction of the Senate. 
Special Orders not to lose .their position. 
Special orders shall not lose their position 011 account of 
intervening adjournments; Imr shall they lose their relative 
position on the Calendar, except by vote of the Senate, 
until finally disposed. of. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate 
ready for the question on the motion of the Sen- 
ator from Kentucky? 
Mr. II ALE. If it is in order to ask a division 
of the question, I ask for a division. 
The PRESIDiNG OFFICER. The Chair 
would suppose that it is proper and competent to 
ask for a division, as the question is susceptible 
of a division . 
Mr. HALE. Then, 1 ask for a division. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from New Hampshire calls for a division of the 
question. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Ido not wish to trouble 
or embarrass the Chair or the Senate with any 
questions about order. It is a subject about which 
I do not profess to have any great skill or knowl- 
it must be a clear 
edge. 
I suppose, however, 
proposition that the Senate has the right to order 
the course of its business and say that it will act 
f upon such a subject until it is concluded, when 
I i that subject regularly comes up for action. I, 
howevcr, will withdraw that part of the motion 
that these resolutions shall be continued the sub- 
ject of action until finally disposed of, and leave 
the question so tl-\at they shall be called up to- 
morrow, at the hour named, to the exclusion of 
I suppose the Senate can 
all other business. 
make that order wit.hout any question. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator so n)0dify his motion ? 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 wiki modify itin that 
way, with the hope that a majority of the Senate 
will feel with me that we should act continually 
on the subject until it is decided upon. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Let be stated 
as no v,' modified. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un- 
derstands the question I')OW, as Inodified, to be, 
that the. resolutions of.the Senator from Ken- 
lucky bc postponed until to-morrow, at half past 
twelve o'clock, and then taken up, to the exclu- 
Sion of all other business. 
Mr. I-I ALE. 1 ask for a division of that 
question. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
prestune.s it is divisible also; and if it be, any 
Senator has a right to call for a division. The 
Senator from New Hampshire has asked for a 
division of the question. 'I'he Chair understands 
that it is susceptible of being divided; and so un- 
derstanding, will put the question, first, on the 
motion to postpone until to-morrow at half -past 
twelve o'clock. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. DOUGLA.S.- Now, 1 will ask the 
yeas and nays on the other branch of the ques- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is now 
moved that the resolutions be taken up at the 
hour indicated to the exclusion of all other busi- 
ness; and on that motion the yeas and nays are 
Mr. FOSTER. aslöif there be 
order beside this fixed for to-morrow ut half "past 
twelve o'clock? If there be not—tis ih my 
pression there is not—the residue of the motion 
will be ineffectual and •perfectly immaterial; 
whether we pass it or not. If this•ubjectis made 
the special order for half past ti.velve O'clock' to- 
morrow, and there be no other, nothing will 
terfere with this, arid this Will interfere With 
nothing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is 
informed that there is a special order for to-mor• 
row At one o'clock. 
Mr. FOSTER. But not at half past twelve. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. .No, sir. 
Mr. FOSTER. Then this subject must come 
up. 
Mr. SIMMONS: Then 1 take it there is no 
neccssity for saying that it shall be taken up 
at that time, if there is nothing else to interfere 
with it. 
Mr. BIGLER. Senators seem to the 
effect of an order and the execution of an order 
by the body and the rule which controls the Pre- 
siding Officer. Now, suppose the Senate:makes 
that order that these resolutions•shall be taken up 
at half past twelve to-morrow, and be proceeded 
with to the exclusion o? all other business. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not the motion.• 
Mr. BIGLER. Very well; I am using it for 
an illustration. At the hour of one the Chair an- 
nounces that such a bill is the special order. Then 
it is perfectly competent for the Senate to post- 
pone the bill which is the special order, or refuse 
to take it up, and proceed in the execution of the 
order which we make at this time. 
It is all the 
while in the power of the body, and ccnnpetent 
for the body to make this order. It is competent 
for the body to proceed with its execution. is 
also competent for the body to suspend its execu- 
tion. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. aware that it is com- 
petent for the body to postpone if they see proper, 
even if we mako it a special order; but I suppose 
i the object of the Senat.orfrom Kentucky, and cer- 
tainly my object is, to procure action on these 
If there is a majority in this body 
resolutions. 
determined that we shall not have a vote on his 
proposition, I want that detenninat.ion to appear 
on the record. The friends of this measure cer- 
tainly do want action upon it; but if it is determ- 
ined t.hat by points of order and by giving it the 
go-by and taking up other questions, there shall 
never be a vote, let that purpose be avowed and 
appear on the record. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 presume is 
man in the Senate—certainly there is not one on 
this side of the Chamber—who is not perfectly 
ready to vote on these resolutions at- any time 
when they shall come up. 
Mr. BIGLER. Then let us vote now. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 mean wheneverwc come 
to the point where a vote is to be taken. There 
is no desire here to shun the vote. I certainly do 
not know anybody that desires it. There is not 
a question before the Senate that I' am not ready 
to vote upon when the pi•oper time shall arrive, 
and the matter has been discussed, without any 
sort of hesitation. Thcrcforc, as it seems to me, 
the object is to sacrifice the rules of the Senate 
for the sake of havino• n vote by yeas and nays, 
and putgent!emen on the record on a matter which 
they do not hesitate to meet at any proper mo- 
ment. Why, sir, it amounts to nothing. The 
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky is 
simply this: to postpone this subject until to- 
morrow at half past twelve o'clock, and then take 
it up to the exclusion of all other business. What 
is that? That it shall come up at that hour. That 
is tbc amount of it. Well, sir, will it not come 
up on the motion to postpone until half past 
twelve o'clock, unless there is a previous order? 
If therc is a previous order for that hour, you 
cannot dispose of it by a vote of this kind, for the 
simple reason that the rule says, that an order 
previous in time shall come up and be disposed 
demanded. 
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to understand of first; and you cannot get over the rule of the 
what the gentleman means. Does taking it up to Senate by any provision of this sort. Suppose, 
the exclusion of all other business, mean that it It for instance, there is another order for half past 
twelve o'clock to-morrow, no matter what it is, 
shall continue ? 
and the Senator proposes to postpone this subject 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir; 1 have with- 
till ha'lf past twelve o'clock, and then make it 
It is simply that 
drawn that part of the motion. 
the special order: when half past twelve o'clock 
it shall be taken up in preference t.o any other 
arrives, will not the Previous order come up in 
business at' that time. 
