362 
spite of our- order to-day? Necessarily so; be- I 
cause you cannot by a vote get rid of the opera- 
tion of. the . rule, and the Praiding Offcer must 
call ic up. Then all the effect of this motion, as 
taken now, is what is suggested by the Senator 
from Illinois, and that is to get a vote upon noth- 
ing- for the purpose of having a record. Now, 
sir, I am: ready to yote on nothing for that pur- 
pose, if the Senator wants.me to do So. 
Mr, DOUGLAS. The Senator has said there 
was no. one •on that -side of the-Chamber that ob- 
jected tota.vote on this question.- Inasmuch as he 
seems to assume the right to speak for that side 
of the Chamber, I- hope -he will now specify a day 
and when- we shall have a vote. 
Mr, FESSENDEN.. 1 cannot fix it, sir. The 
Senator •knows very well that nobody can fix it. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. If he can speak for that side 
of the Chamber, and there is no opposition on 
this, there will be no diffculty in fixing the tilne 
It is very usual in 
when we shall have a vote. 
this body to agree by common consent that, at a 
particular hour and day, there shall be a vote on 
a measnrc. All we want is a vote, and within 
reasonable time, and the shortest period that can 
be fixed; and if-there is no disposition to keep it 
off by these other measures, why not indicate a 
time when we shall have a vote, instead of calling 
it up from day to day, and shoving it off by other 
questions, postponing and procrastinating until 
the end of the Session. desire to have a time 
fixed, by common consent, at which we may have 
I am aware, if the majority are determ- 
a vote. 
ined- that we shall not have a vote, they can cull 
for another special order, or they can postpone 
this subject. They havo the power to give it the 
go-by. want to find out whether it IS thc de- 
termination to give it the go-by, so that•we shall 
not have a vote ; and if not, why not agree then that 
we may have a votc at a particular day or hour? 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 have but word to say, 
sir. Representing here, as do, with my col- 
league, the State of Maryland—a State as Inuch 
interested in the settlement of this question as 
any other—I havc retraincd from expressing any 
views on the distracting subjects that are now 
agitating the country. I have done so because I 
havo been disposed, like my colleague, to exhaust 
every rcasonable and honorable means that were 
deemed expedient, to settle this question. I have 
been anxious to see this matter brought to a test. 
Ifthe gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber 
do earnestly and really and honestly desire to see 
the: question settled before civil war is brou•ht 
upon us, want to see some téBt vote—sounetlnng 
that will show their sincerity, at least—on the 
propositions of the Senator from Kentucky. If 
they. are rejected, I consider that every hope has 
gone; that the last expedient has passed away 
frotn us; and I want to sec whether those gent)c- 
mell) now representing dominant party in the 
country are willing to meet us in tho spirit of 
compromise; and therefore I want the earliest 
possible vote that I can get. After that has failed, 
shall be prepared to speak for my State. 
If 
every just and honorable cxpcdicut shall fail to 
if thc 
bring about a settlemcllt of this question; 
propositions of my distinguished and venerable 
friend from Kentucky, and of the Senator from 
Pennsylvania, will not meet t.he views of gentle- 
men on the other side of the Chamber, I Svant 
the people of .Maryland to know it; and I am 
prepared then, gentlemen, to accept the issue 
which you present. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I am very sorry to see a 
question of the order of business presented here 
I have voted, for the last 
as a test question. 
thrcc or four weeks, to changc the regular order 
of business, so that a man could speak on a thing 
that he wished to address the Senate upon; and 
almost all of these propositions have come from 
the other side of the Chamber. 
I think we have 
got as many as half a dozen distinct propositions 
to compose these troubles; and when a man gets 
up and asks to have his brought up, I vote for it; 
and now this sort of accommodation is attributed I 
to a desire to postpone these questions. So far 
—and I never consult anybody as to 
as I know 
how I shall vote—if I can find what will accom- 
modate a particular Senator who wants to address 
the Senate, I try to get that question before us, 
that he may be accommodated. 
Mr. MT JLSON. Do not ask anything on my 
account. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 14, 
.Mr. SIMMONS. 1 do not ask anything on 
anybody's account. I want to get at the business 
in as orderly a way as we can; in as temperate a 
way as we can; but above aH things, this mere 
question of which of these half dozen resolutions 
that are up, that involve the same question, shall 
be put ahead of the others, I think, is rather too 
small aquestion to makeatcst upon. I have no sort 
of desire to delay tho general action of the Senate. 
1 merely want every man who is going to address 
the Senate to have up the resolutions in which he 
feels the most articular interest. 
Mr. DOUGÆAS. Allow me to suggest to the 
Senator that there is no conflict between the dif- 
ferent movers of propositions as to which shall 
take priority. I believe we all agree to follow the 
lead of t.he venerable Senator from Kentucky. 
Mr. SIMMONS. But still the Senator wants 
to make a question on this side of the Chamber, 
that we will not put some one of the half dozen 
distinct propositions that have been made, ahead 
of all the others, and consider it to the exclusion 
of ail the others. Thismornin(rwegotinto trouble. 
Senators almost thought we were guilty of dis- 
courtesy to them, because we took up one bill 
when the Senator who was entitled to the floor 
said ho was willing to address the Senate upon 
that, as well as anything else; but we corrected 
that in order that he might have his choice. I do 
not recollect, myself, what particular resolutions 
the Senator from Missouri has been addressing 
the Senate upon, but I believe it was on the res- 
olution submitted by the Senator from Viroinia, 
[Mr. HUNTER.) If Senators on the other Side of 
the Chamber first call up one of these resolutions, 
and then another, as n matter of personal conve- 
nience to themselves, why should the Senator 
from Illinois get up and say he wants a test ques- 
tion, to see whether we will not give one the pref- 
erence over thc other? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will answer. 
It is simply 
to have the subject of an adjustment of these dif- 
ficultics acted upon. When we take up the prop- 
osition of the Senator from Kentucky, which 
has priority, any Senator can 'Dove his own 
proposition as an arncndmcnt; and thus wc shall 
geta voto in turn on every onc of the propositions, 
and come to some definite conclusion on t.he sub- 
ject, either that we can pacify the country or can- 
not. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 know the Senator from 
Illinois is very adroit. We have had a discussion 
to-day on another subject; and he chooses to 
charge us upon this side of the Senate that we 
have accommodated those on that side witha view 
to dela 
Mr. bOUGLAS. 1 do not it at all. 
Mr. SIMMONS. You want a test on us. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask them to show by their 
votes, or by common cohsentfixing the time, that 
they are willing to act. 
Mr. SIMMONS. we have fix-ed the time for 
considering these resolutions at half past twclvc 
o'clock to-morrow, and it has been stated from 
the Chair that thcre is no prior order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. At that hour. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Then they will certainly 
como up. Now, why should we sit herc and dis- 
pute with each other about whether they will 
come up or not? I know the Senator from Ken- 
tucky does not expect that I would interpose any 
objection to following what was his particular 
wish on any subject, whatever others might 
charge. All i want is, that business shall be reg- 
ular; and that whoever chooses to address the 
Senate to-morrow may have his choice as to the 
If he chooses to 
subject on which he speak. 
address it at half past twelve o'clock, we know 
what thc subject will be. 
It will be these reso- 
I do not believe a rule of the Senate can 
lutions. 
be overturned by this sort of side-motion. I think 
it is useless to waste the time in disputing about 
which resolution shall come up, because I do not 
know who wants to address the Senate; but these 
will certainly come up at half past twelve o'clock 
to-morrow, and then we may znake some dispo- 
sition of them. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, always 
dosirous,as fatas I can , to accommodate the views 
and wishes of all gentle'nen here; and believing, 
myself, that if the resolutions are taken up to- 
morrow at half past twelve o'clock, it will be the 
disposition of the Senate to continue to debate 
them until they are decided, Certaihly,"] and 
announcing my purpose to move for that course 
of business whenever it shall become necessary, 
that wc shall postpone everything in their way, 
I withdraw the motion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is 
withdrawn, and there is nothing before the Sen- 
ate. 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 move that the Senate do 
now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; abd the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
MONDAY, January 14, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. 
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House a communication from. the Sec- 
retary of the Navy in answer to n resolution of 
the House of the 9th of January, 1861, concern- 
ing Coston's telegraphic night signal and gov- 
ernor for marine steam eno•mes•, which was re- 
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and 
ordered to be printed. 
PEACE OF COUNTRY. 
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 desire to submit a 
tion for the consideration of the House. 
Mr. SHERMAN. for the order 
of business. 
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask unanimous consent to 
'Offer the resolution, and if there be objection, I 
will move to suspend the rules. 
The resolution was read for information, as 
follows: 
Resolved, That the present alarming condition of the 
country imperatively demands that Congress should take 
irnmediate steps to preserve the peace and maintain the 
Union, by removing, as far as possible, all causes of irrita• 
tion and division ; and to that end patriotism should prompt 
a cheerful surrender of all partisan. prejudices and minor 
difltrenccs ot• opinion ; and this House, believing the plan 
ot• adjustment proposed by Hon. JOHN. J. CRITTENDEN, 
in the Senate, l)ecctnbtr 16, 1860, would bc an equitable 
and honorablc compromise, involving no sacrifice to any 
party or section that should not prornptly be Niade for the 
sake of thc inestiluable blessings of peace and a united 
country, hcreby instruct thc committee of thirty-three, here- 
tofOre appointed by the House to report, without delay, the 
necessary measures to carry that plan into practical eftet. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 object to that resolution. 
Mr. ENGLISH. Imoveto suspend 
The SPEAKER. The will remem- 
ber that he cannot move to suspend the rules 
until after the morning hour has expired. 
Mr. ENGLISH. Then 1 give notice that 
shall endeavor to get the floor hereafter for the 
purpose of moving to suspend the rules. 
SPEAKER. Thqorderofbusiness is the 
call o? the States for bills for reference. 
The Stales were then called for that purpose. 
WAR DEBT OF OREGON, ETC. 
Mr. STOUT. 1 have a petition in my 
session, signed by somc two thousand citizens of 
Oregon, praying Congress to pay the Oregon and 
Washington war debt, and I wish it referred to 
the Committee on Military Affairs. 
It was so referred by unanimous consent, 
DUVAL AND BROTHERS. 
Mr. BURNETT. Will it be in order to offer 
a joint resolntion under this call ? 
The SPEAKER. It will. 
Mr. BURNETT. Then offer a resolution 
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to 
Duval & Brothers, merchant tailors in the city of 
Washington, assirrnccs of R. A. Davidge, the 
amount of money appropriated for the benefit of 
said Davidge, by an act of Congress approved 
February f8, 1859. 
I ask the unanimous consent of the House to 
pass the resolution. 
If the House will indulge 
me in making a statement of fact, I suppose they 
will pass the resolution without objection. 
By an act of Congress, approved 18th of Feb- 
ruary, 1859, a sum of $118 90 was appropriated 
for the benefit of R. A. Davidge. He was a con- 
stitucnt of mine, and was at that time a tempo- 
rary clerk in the Tréasury Department. He made 
an assignment to Duvall & Brothers of this sum of 
$118 90, to which they are justly entitled. But 
the Comptroller of the Treasury, upon a technical 
oujection, refused to pay the money. Heoce it 
becomes necessary to pass an act of Congress 
