366 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 14, 
That the -surveyor general of the United States for 
Louisiana. be directed to survey the tract of land 
a-S described in section one, excluding therefrom 
the first forty ai•pents in depth fronting on the 
Mississippi river, and -to, certify in his plats of 
survey what portions. of the land are held under 
confirmed French or Spanish titles, or have been 
sold by -the United States, or granted, disposed of, 
or appropriated as swamp lands, in any other 
manner.whatever;: and in this, as well as in all 
other cages where a confirmed claim remains un- 
satisfied, and the owner thereof is entitled to acer- 
tificate of:location, the surveyor general shall issue 
to the claimant, or his legal representative, acer- 
tificate of location -for quantity of land equal to 
theportion of the confirmed claim which remains 
unsatisfied ; and upon the production by the claim- 
ant or his legal representative of such a certificate 
of location in any of the aforesaid cases before the 
General Land Office, and upon satisfactory proof 
being exhibited by the party producing the same 
that he is the true owner thereof, he shall be enti- 
tled to receive, in his own name, certificates or 
scrip for the amount thereof, divided into tracts of 
eighty acres, which may be located upon any of 
the public lands of the United States subject to 
private entry, at a price not exceeding $1 25 per 
acro. And the certificates of location or scrip 
shall bc assignable, and the assignment shall bc 
executed and attested in such manner as the. Sec- 
retary of the Interior shall direct. That for so 
much and such- pörtions of the land embraced in 
the confirmed claims heretofore mentioned as is 
not held under other confirmed claims, or has not 
been sold or otherwise disposed of, or appropri- 
ated by the United States, as also for the land 
which may have been located with the certificates 
of location 01' scrip authorizcd to be issued by 
section two, the owners of the claims and scrip or 
their assigns shall be entitled to patents, to be 
issued b the President of thc United States. 
Mr. BkANCH. I would like to know whether 
the bill has been examined by any committee of 
this House. 
Is it a bill reported from any •one 
of the standincr committees of thc House ? 
Mr. DAVIDSON. Objection is withdrawn to 
takinT up the bill and putting it on its passage; 
and therefore withdraw my motion for a sus- 
pension of the rules: 
move that the bill be 
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time. 
The SPEAKER. The wag reported from 
the Committee on Private Land Claitns. 
Thé billuas ordered to bc engrossed and read 
at third -time; and being engrossed, it was accprd- 
in ly read the third time, and passed. 
{Ir. DAVIDSON. I move to reconsider the 
vote. by which the bill was passed; and also move 
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
MILITIA or TIIE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 ask the unanimous 
sent of the House for leave to introduce the fol- 
lowing resolution: 
Resolved, 'I'hat the Committee of the Whole on the State 
of the Union be discharged frcnn the further consideration 
of nouse bill No. 860, to provide for organizing and disci- 
plining the militia of the District of Columbia ; and that the 
garne may be Blade a special ordcr for to-morrow, the 15th 
instant, and from day to day until finally disposed of. 
Mr. JONES. 1 object. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 move that the rules 
be suspended for the purpose of allowing me to 
introduce that resolution. 
Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays on 
the motion to suspend the rules. 
The eas,and nays were ordered. 
Mr. ÅiCKLES. 1 ask for the reading of the 
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the 
bill will be read. 
Mr. SICKLES. I understand that it is a very 
long bill; and as understand its general pur- 
port, I waive my demand iör its reading. 
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 demand that the bill bc 
Mr. STANTON. The pending resolution is 
to mako the bill a special order for to-morrow, 
and not for this day. As I do not ask for the 
consideration of' the bill to-day, I do not know 
that any gentleman has the right to demand that 
the bill shall be read at this time. 
B'ir. STEVENSON. In my judgment, the 
House has a right to hear what it is that is pro- 
posed to be made a special order. 
Mr. STANTON. The bill will take halt an 
hour to read it. 
If the House will permit me, I 
will make a brief explanation of it. 
It is a • bill 
that has been prepared by a board of Army 
offcers. 
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman be per- 
mitted to make his explanation, I want it to be 
understood that 1 shall ask for an opportunity to 
respond. 
Mr. STANTON. All want to say is, that 
this is not a bill got up now, but one reported at 
the last session of Congress. 
Mr. BURNETT. it fully. 
Mr. BOTELER. Before the bill is read, 1 want 
to put a question to the chairman of the Commit- 
tee on Militar Affairs. 
The SPEAKER. There is no objection; and 
the gentleman will proceed. 
Mr. BOTELER. I desire to ask the chairman 
of the Committee on Military Affairs, in order 
that gentlemen of the House may understand it, 
whether this bill was prepared with reference to 
any existing difliculties ? 
Mr. STANTON. It was not. 
It was pre- 
pared, in pursuance of a law passed two years 
aeo, by board of Army officers, and it was re- 
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs by 
my colleaguc [Mr. PENDLETON] at the last ses- 
Sion of Congress. 
It is a bill arising, not out of 
a temporary, but a permanent condition of affairs 
in this District. 
Mr. BOTELER. Have there been any modi- 
fications in the bill ? 
Mr. STANTON. None at all. The bill is 
the same, that was reported at the last session from 
the Committee on Military Affairs. 
Mr. BOTELER. 1 desire that fact to go to the 
country. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 hope that 1 may be per- 
mitted to say a word in reply. This bill, in fäct, 
cstnblishcs a standing army of six thousand men 
in this District of Cohnnbia, subject to [lie will of 
thc President of the United States; an army to bc 
mustered into service at his discretion, and to bc 
supplied out of the military stores of the United 
States, exactly as the regular Army is. Let t.he 
House understand that fact, and let jnmnbers vote 
accordingly. Shall this standing army bc estab- 
lished in this District, under the command of the 
President, and to be supplied with arms, camp 
cquipage, and indeed all the necessary military 
stores, from the store-houses of this Government? 
Mr. STANTON. A discussion of the bill is 
not now in order. 
authorizes this army, in time of insurrection, to 
take possession of this Capitol—that is, if they 
think proper. to do so. 
The Clerk read the bill in extenso. 
Mr. SEAN TON. Mr. Speaker, have a let- 
tor from the late Secretary of War, indorsing 
this bill; and I aslc the Clerk to read it for thc 
information of the House. 
Mr. JONES. 1 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 ask my col- 
league to permit mc to move an amendment to 
his resolution. 
It is as follows: 
Resolved further, That the Committee of the Whole 
on the state of the Union be discharged from the further 
consideration of House bill Ne. 65 : " A bill to amend the 
act of April 23, 1808, entitled An act making provision tar 
arming and equipping the whole body of the Iliilitia of the 
United States,' and that as soon as the bill relating to the 
militia of the District of Columbia Eball have been dis- 
posed of, said Ilouse hill shall be a special order from day 
to day until the same shall have, bceu disposed of." 
Mr. STANTON. There is no connection with 
that bill and the one I (lesire to get before the 
I cannot, therefore, agree to accept the 
House. 
gentleman's resolution as a modification of my 
own. But I have no doubt, when my resolution 
has passed, the House will consent to the intro- 
ductron of my colleague's. 
I will not object to 
its introduction. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If my colleague 
does not choose to accept my amendment, of 
course I cannot press it now, nor will I vote for 
the suspension of the rules. 
Mr. STANTON. a late 
Secretary of War bc read. It will explain the 
bill full 
Mr. KURNETT. That letter cannot be read, 
except by unanimous consent. 'The bill is not 
I object to the reading of the 
before the House. 
letter. 
Mr. STANTON. If gentlemen refuse to let 
the letter be read, I cannot help it. 
I have tried 
to give the House all the information on the sub- 
ject am possessed Qf. If gentlemen object, that 
I hope the rules will be sus- 
is their lookout. 
pended. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Does the gentle- 
man agree to accept my resolution as a modifica- 
tion of his own ? 
MN. STANTON. 1 do not. Leteach resolU- 
tion be voted for on its own merits. 
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the question now on the 
motion to suspend the rules for the introduction 
of the resolution in reference to this bill to organ- 
ize the militia of the District of Columbia ? 
The SPEAKER. It is. 
Mr. MAYNARD. The District of Columbia 
has got along very well for many years without 
any such bill; and do not see any good reason 
for now proceeding to its consideration. On the 
contrary, it seems to me that it will add fuel to 
the present excitement. 
T 'he question was taken; and 'it was decided in 
the negative—yeas 111, nays 55; as follows: 
YEAS—Megsrs. Green Adams, Adrain. Aldrich, Alley, 
William C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt. 'Beale, Bingham, 
Blair, Blake, 13rayton, Briggs, Buffinton, Burlingarne, Burn- 
ham, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Clmnens, 
Coburn, Colfax, Conkling, Covode, Joini G. Davis, Dawes, 
Delano, Duell, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, -Fenton, Ferry, Foster, 
Frank, Gooch, Grahall), Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Helliliék, 
Hickman, Hoard, [lolzuan, William Howard, Humphrey, 
Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, 
Kilgore, Killinger, DeWitt' C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, 
Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, Charles D. Martin, McC}ernand , 
McKean, McKenty, McKnight, McPherson, Montgmnery, 
Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Olin, 
Pendleton, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Pottie, E(iwin R. Rey- 
nolds, John H. Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson, 
Royce, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherrnan, Spaulding, Spinner, 
Stanton, Stevens, Williarn Stewart, Stratton Tappan, 
Thayer, Theaker, Torupkius, Train, Trimble, Vandever, 
Van Wyck, Wade Waldron, Walton, Cad walader C. 
Washburn, Ellihu h. Washburne, Webster, Wells, Wil- 
son, and Woodruff—Ill. 
NAVS—Mcssrs. Thomas L. Andenon, Bocock, Boteler, 
Bouljgny, Brown, Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Craw- 
iOrd, De Jarnctte, D(hnillldson, English, Etheridge, Flor- 
cncc, Fouke, Garnett. Gartrci), Gilllier, Hardeman, J. h•lor- 
rison Harris, John Ilan•is, Hatton, Hindman, Hughes, 
Jenkins Jönes, Kunkcl, Larrabco,James M. Leach, Lcake, 
Logan, 
ovc, Maynard, Laban Moore, Niblack, Noen, 
Pheips, Pryor, Quarles, Reagan, Riegs, James 
Peyton, 
C. Robinson, Sickles, Shruns, William N. H. Slnith, Ste- 
venson, Stokes, Stout, 'I'hmnas, Vallandigham, Vance, 
Whiteley, Winslow, and Wrjg11t—55. 
So the rules were not suspended—two thirds 
not votincr in the affirmative. 
During the vote, 
Mr. COX stated that his colleague, Mr. ALLEN, 
was still detained at home by an affliction in his 
family. 
Mr. BOTELER said: Mr. Speaker, up to a 
recent period, have been in favor of this bill; 
but, under existing circumstances, think it most 
impolitic to press it; and I therefore vote in the 
negative. 
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Speaker, 1 find this 
bill for the better organization of the militia of the 
District of Columbia was reported from the Com- 
mittee on Military Affairs on the 25th of June, 
1860, and that it was indorsed and its passage 
recommended by the late Secretary of War in a 
letter, the reading of which members on this side 
of the House have objected to. Seeincr nothin& 
in the existing conditiÖn of the country that woulä 
not make the passage of this bill as justifiable at 
present as it was when reported from one of the 
standing committees of the House, and when it 
was indorsed by the late Secretary of Wary I 
vote in the affrmative. 
Mr. COBB. 1 learn by a dispatch that the con- 
vention of Alabama has resolved that the St.ate 
ought to secede from this Union; and, until I learn 
more on the subject than I know now, I must 
decline to vote. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Preferring the cultivation 
of the arts of peace to those of war, 1 feel com- 
pelled to vote " no." 
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, stated that his col- 
league, Mr. MALLORY, was confined to his room 
by indisposition. 
Mr. SICKLES said: Mr. Speaker, there are 
upon the statute-book, and now in force, several 
statutes conferring power enough for the purpose 
designed; and therefore vote " no." 
Mr. BRANCH stated that his colleague, Mr. 
RUFFIN, was confined to his room by indisposi- 
tion. 
Messrs. MORRIS, of Illinois, and MARTIN, 
