1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOÜE. 
of Virginia, not being within the bar when their duce, which can pass by unanimous consent, I 
names were called, asked leave to vote. 
Objection was rnade. 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, would have voted 
in the negative. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the rules be 
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, 
for the purpose of taking up the Army bill, for 
general debate. 
Mr. WALDRON. I ask the gentleman to yield 
to me for a moment. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 to the gentleman to 
introduce his proposition, if there be no objection. 
The SPEAKER. A mistake was made in ref- 
erence to the vote just announced. The vote was 
—yeas 111, nays 56. T hc Chair votes in the af- 
firmativc, and that suspends the rules; and thc 
resolution is therefore before the House. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 demand the previous ques- 
tion on the adoption of the resolution. 
Mr. BURCH. I have been trying for some 
time to have m vote recorded on the suspension 
of the rules. Cries of " Too late !" 
Ml•. BURNETT. No, it is not too late. The 
Chair brought the question back before the House 
after it had be&n disposed of, and cast his vote; 
and I insist that the gentleman from California 
has the right to vote as well. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks, in fair- 
ness, that he cannot decline to receive the vote of 
the gentleman from California. The gentleman 
will vote. 
Mr. BURCH. 1 vote "no." 
Mr. STANTON. Was the gentleman within 
the bar when his name was called ? 
Mr. BURCH. I am a member of the select 
committee of thirty-three, and have a right to vote 
at any time before the result is announced. I vote 
no.' 
The SPEAKER. The vote 111, 
nays 57; so the rules are not suspended, (two thirds 
not voting in favor thereof.) 
RELIEF OF CERTAIN CHIPPEWAS, ETC. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I now insist on my motion. 
Mr. WALDRON. Let me first submit my 
proposition to the House. 
I ask the unanimous 
consent of the House that the Committee of the 
Whole House on the Private Calendar be dis- 
charged from the further consideration of House 
bill No. 85, for the relief of certain Chippewa, 
Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians. 
The bill, which was read, provides that the 
Secretary of the Interior be authorized and directed 
to pay to the Chippewa, Ottawa, and' Pottawat- 
orme Indians, now residing in Michigan, and who 
were parties to the treaties made at Chicago on 
the'2Gth and 27th of Septenlber, 1833, between the 
United States and the united nation of Indians, 
or to their descendants, their full proportion per 
capita of all the sums of money agreed to be paid 
by the United States to the united nation of In- 
dians by the treaties of July 29, 182.9, and Sp- 
tember 26, 1833, and the articles supplementary 
thereto of Septeinber 27, 1833, and of June 5 and 
17, 1846, with the Pottawatomie nation of Indians; 
provided that, -upon examination, it shall appear 
that the moneys are still in the Treasury of the 
United States for, or have been paid out to, the 
Pottawatomie nation; whereupon the payments 
shall be made out of the moneys belonginø or 
accruing to the Pottawatomie nation. 
Mr. QUARLES objected to the introduction 
of the bill. 
Mr. WALDRON moved to suspend the rules. 
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was 
introduced and read a first and second time. 
Mr. WALDRON called the previous question 
upon the enffrossment and third reading of the 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered to be put; and under the op- 
eration thereof, the bill was ordered to be encrrossed 
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was 
accordingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. WALDRON moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to recon.sider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I now renew my motion to 
go into the Committee of the Whole on tlle state 
of the Union. But I will say that, if there are 
any propositions which gentlemen desire to intro- 
shall have no objection to their being introduced 
if I have the right to hold the floor while they 
do so, 
SPEAKER. That would hardly be in 
order. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Then 1 insist upon my 
motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
ENROLLED BILL. 
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act for 
the relief of Jeremiah Pendcrgast, of the District 
of Columbia; when the Speaker signed the same. 
The House then resolved itself into the Commit- 
tce of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. 
WASHBURNE, of Illinois, in the chair.) 
ARMY DILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. move that the committcc 
take up the bill (H. R. No. 899) making appro- 
priations for the support of the Army for the year 
cnding June 30, 1862, for general debate. 
Thé motion was agreed to. 
'Vhe first reading of the bill was, by unanimous 
consent, dispensed with. 
The Clerk read the first clause of the bill. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Mr. Chairman, when 
an impending danger can be no longer slayed or 
averted, is it not the part of wisdom and duty 
to meet, and, if possible, overcome it? Such, I 
think, isa sound canon of statesmanship. Acting 
on this belief, I propose rather briefly to deal with 
the question of secession now actually upon us. 
First, I deny the constitutional right of any State 
to secede f'rom the Union; second, I deprecate th 
exercise of any such assumed right as a measu e 
of revolution, which, in the present case, m St 
embroil the country in a sanguinary and was no 
civil war. Starting with these postulates, 1 ro- 
ceed with the effort to make them good. 
Our fathers, just emerged from colonial thral- 
dom, and jealous of consolidated political powcr, 
when they come to frame the Articles of Confed- 
eration, adopted in 1778, run into the opposite ex- 
treme of dispersed and divided power. They 
formed an alliance, or at most a league, of sover- 
eign States, under what mißht be called a treaty 
between independent Governments. 
In the lan- 
guage of one of the articles, they cntercdinto ' 'a 
firm league of friendship with each othei• for the 
common defense;" 
no n lore. Hence the Gov- 
ornment, or Congress of the Confederation, ',vas 
wholly destitute of any essential faculty of sov- 
ereignty. It had neither the right to prescribe a 
rule of action for its constituent body, nor the 
power to enforce one. it was without leeislative, 
executive, or judicial authority. It could only 
advise, recommend, and on treat; and even the richt 
to do that was closely circumscribed. 
Founded upon a league of sovereign and inde- 
pendent States, its exhibitions of authority were 
addressed to States whose interpretations of their 
Federal obligations might or might not bind them 
to compliance. 
It acted not upon individuals, 
nor had the right to do so; but, without coherence, 
without unity of principle or of action, without 
the power to preserve itself or to conserve 
interests of its authors, like the Amphyctionic 
Council, the Achacn League, the Helvetic, the 
Gerrnanic, and the Belgic Confederacies; like all 
rnere national federations, it fell into pieces in 
consequence of its own weight, of its own inher- 
ent weakness and want of vitality. 
The evils of this system disclosed themselves 
in two most striking forms: one in the domestic 
relations of the States; the other in their relations 
with foreign Governments. 
In regard to the 
former, we learn that the period elapsing between 
the treaty of peace with the mother country and 
the orcranization of the present Government, was 
one marked bv angry controversies and rivalries. 
The conflicting views of the several States in re- 
gard to their commcrcial, agricultural, and man- 
ufacturing interests often prompted them to un- 
friendly measures, not unfrequently in the form 
of legislative reprisals, having the effect not only 
to cripple their internal trade, but their foreign 
commerce; and incessantly to threaten them with 
the horrors of civil war. 
Foreign nations were encouraged to take ad- 
vantage of this state of things. They imposed 
upon our navigation and cornmercc just 
such restrictions as they deemed most conducive 
to their own interests. They excluded our sliip- 
pilig from the benefits ofthejr'OWn commerce ;while 
they daringly -and lawlesslystrove torriönopolize 
the benefits of ours. And, asa Consequence Of 
these and' other kindred measures, our foreign 
navigation was i•uined, our agriculture paralyzed, 
our mechanics impoverished, and the little money 
remaining in the country threatened with banish- 
ment from it. To boot of all this, the ordinary 
administration of justice was th reatened with over- 
throw by the clamors and desperation of penniless 
debtors. Indeed, we are informed that sueh was 
the excess of wretchedness continually accumu- 
lating from the slow but progressive destruction 
of all the resources of industry and credit that 
the calamity overwhelming all classes was more 
hopeless than that occasioned by the ravages of 
the Revolution itself. 
To remedy these and other evils incident to 
old system, the present Constitution wasadopted. 
How remedy them ? is the question now to be con- 
sidered. Was it by restoring the old league of 
independent sovereignties; by repeating the com- 
plete failure realized by it? Such, strange to say, 
IS the mgument of the secessionists; indeed, of 
all those who insist that the relations of the sev- 
eral States as co-members of this Union, depend 
upon the plcasure,.nay the caprice, of each; that 
each has an absolute right, at any momerit, to 
withdraw from it; that !here is no paramount 
authority anywhere to prevent it. T hrs doctrine, 
although countenanced, as I havo already said, 
by the theory of the old confederation, is, never- 
theless, contradicted by many of the leading 
characteristics of the revolutionary epoch. 
Appealing to history, we find that the idea of 
the nationality of the American people is as old 
as the Revolution itself. The authority of the 
first Congress, meeting in Philadelphia, on the 
4th ofSeplcmber, 1774, was proclaimed,in the name 
of the people of the colonies, and not in the name 
of the colonial governments. So, the Declaration 
of Independence was adopted in the name and b 
the authority of thepeople of the United States, 
and not in the name and by the authority of sep- 
aratc sovereignties. 
It was a national act, and 
n.ot the act of several parties; it was an act only 
competent to be performed by the whole people, 
because it involved a change of government as to 
all. So, the. revolutionary ••,var was a nationat 
measure prosecuted for seven years by the com- 
bined forces of all the colonies for the benefit of 
all. So, the treaty of peace, in 1783, was' made, 
on the one part, the United States as one na- 
tion, and by it Great Britain, on the other part, 
• recognized our independence as one nation—the 
United States—and not as separate States. Such, 
too, is the testimony of the Supreme Court of the 
United States—often repeated arguendo in the 
course of its adjudications. 
In Penhallow vs. 
(1. Pet. Con. Rep. 21.,) Justice Patter- 
Doane, 
son, delivering the opinion of that court, said: 
The danger being iinrninent and common, it became 
necessary for the people or colonies to coalesce and act in 
concert, in order to divert the gathering stonu. They ac- 
cordingly grew into union and formed one great politicat 
body, of which Congress was the directing principle aud 
soul." The truth is that the States, individually, were 
not known nor recognized assovereigri by foreign nations, 
nor are they now." 
In Ware vs. Hylton, (Idem, p. 99,) Judge Chase, 
delivering the opinion of the same court, said: 
It appears to me that thc powers of Congress during 
that whole period were derived from the peoöle they rei> 
resented, expressly given through the medium ofthcir State 
conventions or &ate Legislatures ; or that, after they were 
exercised, they were implicitly ratified by the acquiescence 
and obedience of the people. 
Again; in Chisholm's Executors cs. the State 
of Georgia, (Idem, p. 635,) Chief Justice Jay, de- 
livering the opinion of the same court, said: 
The Revolution, or rather the Declaration of Independ- 
ence, found the people already united tör general purposes, 
and, at the same time, provided for their 'nore domestie 
concerns by State conventions, and other temporary ar- 
rangements. From the Crown of Great Britain, the sov- 
ereignty of their country passed to the people of it ; and 
thirteen sovereignties were eonsidered as emerging from 
the principles of the Revolution, combined by local con- 
venience and considerations. 
'I'he people, nevertheless, 
colltinued to consider thernselves in a national point: Of 
view as one people ; and they continued, without inter- 
ruption, to manage their national concerns accordingly." 
The same idea penetrated the convention that 
framed the Constitution, ands•ruling its counsels, 
stamped that instrument with its national impress. 
Both the proceedings of tho convention, and the 
I language of the Constitution, attest this fact. 
