868 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 14, 
Early after conventiop met, Edmund Ran- 
offerpd for consideration a plan 
Of gövernment, proposing to enlarge the powers 
of _the Confederation; and, among other things, 
providing that the National Legislature should 
håve power to " call forth. the force of the Union 
against member of the Union failing to fulfill 
its duties under- the. m•ticles theréof.-" Another 
plan;- bowever, .contempjauing a National, rather 
than a: Federat Government, was filially adopted, 
and- begame basis of thepresent Constitution. 
That plan is embodied in the followincr resolves; 
w,hich were adopted by. the convention; 
'41* - That a union of States, 77tereZy Federal, will not ac- 
compli$h..t.he objects proposed by the Articles of ContZd- 
ezatidn; namely; common defense, seeurity of liberty, and 
-general welfare. 
'€2. --T.hat no treaty-or treaties among the whole or a part 
of the States, as individual sovereignties, would be suffi- 
cient. 
3i That a National Government ought to bc established, 
consistina ot' a supreme legislative, executive, and judi- 
In support of the same principles, under the 
name of the " Virginia plan," Mr. Randolph 
said : 
f am certain that a National Government must be 
established, and this is the only montent when it can be 
Mr. Madison said. 
It is ixnposåible for the Articles of Confederation: to bc 
-amended—they are too tottering to be invigorated—noth- 
ing but, tire present, (national system,) or something like it, 
can restorc the peace and harmony of the country." 
Mr. Wilson said: 
The people expect relief from their present embarrassed 
Gituation, ond look up for it to this national convention ; 
aud it follows that_-tbey expect a National Government ; 
and, thereibre, the plari of Virginia has the preference 
thu other. 
Mr. Hamilton said: 
"1. A good Government ought to be constant, and ought 
to contain an active principle. 2. Utility and necessity. 
3. An habitual sense, of obligation. 
4. Force. 
ence." 
Further, and if possible, still stronger evidence 
of the intention of the framcrs tlie Constitu- 
tion, und -of the true, nature of that instrument, 
may be foun(l in the following letter of the con- 
vention to the President of the Congress of the 
Confederation, dated September 17, 1787: 
SIR : We have now the honor to submit to the consid- 
eration of the United States in Congress assesnblcd that 
Constitution Which hiis appeared to us the rnost advisable. 
friends of our country have long seen and desired 
the:power of making war, peace, aud trehties ; that of 
leV•yi1ig inmiiey; and regulating conunerce, and the corre- 
spondent executive and judicial authorities, should be fully 
and emetually vested in the Genera! Gove,rntucnt ot• the 
Union ; but t.he impropriety of delegating such extensivc 
trust to obc body ot• men is evident; hence results the ne- 
cesSity of a different organization. 
It is obviously imrnaeticahlc in the Fedcr:tl Govern- 
mont of these States, to securc all rights of independent sov- 
ereignty to cacli5 and yet provide for the interest an(l satoty 
of all. 
Individuals, entering into society, 
*nust. give up 
share of liberty to preservc the rest. 'I'll? Iliagnit.nde of the. 
Ettcritiee Illust depend as well on situation and circtnn- 
8tancc, as 011 the 
object to be obtained. 
[L is at ail titnes 
difficult to draw with prerixion the 
bctmveen those 
rights svhicll must be surrendered and those which Inay be 
rcservcd ; 
and, on present occasion, this diflicutt.y was 
increased by a difference 
atnong the scvcral Slates as to 
their situation, extent, habits, and particular intcrests. 
In all our deliberations on this subject, we kept steadily 
In otir view that which appears to us the greatest 
of every true American—the consolidation of our Union— 
in which is involved our prosperity, felicity, safety, per- 
haps our national existence. This ilnportant considera- 
tion, seriously and deeply impressed on öur lilinds, Icd each 
State in the convention to be less rigid on point_s of int•e- 
rior rnagnitude than Inight have been otherwise e.xpceted ; 
and thus thc Constitution, which we now present, is the 
result of a spirit of nmity, and ot' that mutual (lcferencc and 
concession which the peculiarity of our political situation 
rendered indispensab}e. 
That it will Ineet the;ful] and entire approbation of every 
State is not, peraaps, to be expected ; 
but each will, doubt'- 
less, consider, that had her interest been alone consulted, 
the consequences might have been particularly disagree- 
able or injurious to others. 
'-L'hat it liable to as t'esv ex- 
ceptions as could reasonably have been expected, •.ve hope 
'.l'hat it rnay promote, the lasting we.lfhre of 
and believe. 
that country, so dear to us all, and secure her t•reed01n and 
happiness, is our inost ardent wish." 
I hardly nccd add that this letter was the unani- 
mous act of the convention; and after being signed 
by its presi(ient, George Washington, was com- 
municated to the Congress of the Confederalion 
by unanimous order of the convention. " 
And 
what is its import? Certainly that the prime ob- 
ject of the con vention was to consolidate " one 
Union " by a portion of the sover- 
eignly of the •States, and vesting the sarne " fully 
and éffeetually" in a common national Govern- 
ment; and that the infirmities of the Confedera- 
tion -created the necessity for it', 
In the Compre- 
hensive and perspicuous language of the conven- 
tion, our prosperity, felicity, safety, perhaps. our 
national existence" itself, depended •upon it. 
I come now to inquire whether the languabe 
of the Constitution itself does not sustain this 
interpretation of its character. The Articles of 
Confederation declared themselves to be articles 
of 'G perpetual union," but were void of power to 
make good the declaration. The prcsent Consti- 
tution, amending, extending and the 
powers of the confederation, declares the same 
Its preamble is in these words: 
purpose. 
We, the people of the United States, in order to form,a 
more perfect Union, establish justice, insure domestic tran- 
quillity, provide fbr the comrnon de(tmse, promote the gen- 
crul welGtre, aud secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves 
and OUT posterity, do ordain and est&blish this Constitution 
for the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA." 
Hence, the Constitution, in its very preamble, 
proclaims itself to be the. act of the peopte—." 
of the 
people of the United States, " and not ofthc States, 
as such, cither collectively or individually; and 
at the same time styles the same people as a nation 
—the " United States Qfdm.erica;" while, viewed 
as an amendment to the Articles of Confedera- 
tion, it provides for ' 'a more perfect union," as 
means of insuring thc perpetual union con- 
templatcd by those articles. 
In no just view could the States have formed 
such an Instrument. As governments created by 
the peoplc, they had no moral or legal right to 
destroy themselves, or to abdicate or alienate 
their powers. Their powers were held by them, 
in trust, for the benefit of the people; who alone 
were cornpctent to redispose of them, who alone 
are competent to make and unmakc governments. 
As the people forincd the State governments, so 
they formed the United StatesGovernment. Each, 
s Drung from the creative womb of the peo- 
alike derives its sovereignty from them. 
As to the process by which the national Gov- 
it is simple enough. 
crnment was formed, 
was by tbc people resuming a portion of the sov- 
ereignty of the States and re-embodying it in the 
forni of that ffovprnment. The extent of its sov- 
and of tlnc prohibitions ixnposed upol') 
that of the Statcs, measures the diniinution of 
the sovereignty of the latter. 
In one aspect it is 
national in another it is federal. 
It is national 
in the objects of its powers; and federal in the 
limitation of those objects; it is national in what 
is delegated to iti and federal in what is reserved 
t.o the States. Its jurisdiction is of our external 
and common internal relations; ',vhile that of the 
States is of their respective internal and domestic 
affairs. 
Not only was the, Constitution the act of the 
people in its creation, but still more, it is the act 
of t.he. people by virt_ue of their subsequent formal 
ratification of it, through their directly-appointed 
It is truc that thc act of ratification was 
n ts. 
performed by the people dividedly, as distinct, local 
communities, and not collectively; nevertheless, it 
was performed by the pcople, and the whole people. 
And so said Mr. Morn•oe, sul»tantially, in a re- 
sponsible ofiicial forrn—Mr. Monroe, who had 
opposed the adoption of tl'le Constitution, for the 
very reasons here urged. 
Ho said: 
'Itho great oilie.e or the (Federal) Constitution, by incor- 
porating the people of the several States, to the extent of 
its powers, into one conununity, and enabling it to act di- 
rectly on tile people, 
(the only parties to it,) was to annul 
the powers ot• the State governruents to that extent. 
Government of the United States relies on its own Incans 
for the execution of (#11) it* powers, as the State govern- 
*netlts do for the execution of theirs; both governments 
havin•r a common original sovereign, the people : the State 
govcnnuents, the people of' each State; thp, national Gov- 
ernjncut, thc people of every State ; each being amenable 
to the power that created it. 
It is by executing its fune- 
tions as a Governinent, thus; originating and thug acting, 
that the Constitution of the United States holds the States 
together, and pcrfOnns the ofiice of a league. 
It is owing 
to the nature of its powers, that it perjOrms that office 
better than the confederation, or any league which ever 
existed, being a compact which the State governrnents did 
not. form, to which they are not. parties', and which exe- 
cutes its own powers independently of them." 
Moreover, the Constitution, in the first clause• 
of the fourth articl(', draws an express distinction 
I and the " confederation." That clause is in these 
words: 
All debts contracted and engaaelnent.s cntercd into be- 
fore the adoption of this Consiitution, shall be as valid 
avainst the United States under this Constitutien ag under 
tfie confederation," 
If the Constitution was only a league or com- 
pact, soluble at the discretion of any of the par- 
tics to it, why this distinction? If it was only a 
renewal of those articles, why its adoption at all ? 
There was no reason for adopting it if it had not 
I been believed to be an improvement upon the sys- 
tem which it was designed to substitute. 
But, independent of this, the Constitution, in 
the character of other of its provisions, proves 
not only its popular origin, but its paramount au- 
thority and indissoluble nature, 
It organizes a 
legislative, judiciary, and an executive depart- 
ment, and confides to each its appropriate sover- 
eign functions. To the Legislature thc enactment 
of laws; to the judiciary the exposition of them; 
and to the Executive the execution of them. It 
declares that " Congress shall have power to lay 
and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises;" 
to " money," to " regulate commerce," 
to " coin money and regulate the value thereof," 
to " declare war," to " raise and supportarmies," 
to " provide and maintain a Navy, "and to " make 
all laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and 
all other powers vested by the Constitution in 
the Government of the United States," &c. 
Mark, I repeat, the nature OF those powers: 
they are not only eminently sovereign, but are 
admitted to be so by the plain language of the 
Constitution. The power 
" to lay and collect 
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises," 
IS commen- 
surate with an absolute, control over the substance 
of the people for the purposes defined in the Con- 
Stitütion. And the power 
" to declare war," an 
to raise and support armies," and " to provide 
and maintain a Navy," involves an absolute con- 
trol of the sword; thus combining in the Govern- 
ment of the United States both . the sinews and 
the weapon of war. 
On the other hand, the Constitution declares 
that: 
No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or eon.. 
federation, grant letters of inarque and reprisal, coin Inoney, 
ornit bills of credit, make anything but gold and silver coin a 
tender in payment of debts, pass any' bill of attainder, ec 
post.facto lahi', or law i;npairing the obligation of contracts, 
or grant any title nobility. 
No State shall, without the consent of the Congress, 
lay any itnpos•ts or duties on i:nports or exports, except 
what. Inay bo absolutely necessary iOr executing its inspec- 
tion laws ; and the not-- produce of ali duties and imposts 
laid by any State on ilnport.s or exports. shall be for the use 
of thé 'Treasury of the United States; and. all such laws 
shall be subject to the revision and control of the Con- 
No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay 
any duty of tonnage, keep troops or ships-ofLWar in tirne of 
peace, enter intö any a«yreement or compact with another 
State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in war, unless 
actually invaded, or in-such imminent danger as will not 
adlnit QC delay." 
In view of both of these provisions of the Qon- 
stitution, one positive and the other negative, how 
can it be said that the national Government, pro 
tanto, is not sovereign, and the States to the same 
extent subordinate? Any other conclusion seems 
I to Ule to be equally irreconcilable with reason and 
tbc leiter of the Constitution. 
I say letter ot' the 
Constitution, because the second clause of the 
sixth article of the Constitution declares that— 
This Constitution, and the laws of the United States, 
which shall be made in pursuance thereof; and all treaties 
Inade, or vvhich shall be made, under the. authority of the 
United States, shall be the supreme lavv of tbc land ; and 
the judges in every State shall be bound thereby, anything 
in toe constitution or laws of any State to the contrary not- 
withstanding." 
And the Constitution, after thus proclaiming its 
own supremacy, makes that supremacy a test 
of official character, by requiring every offcer, 
whether of the State or national Government, to 
swear to that supremacy. Such is the effect of 
the last clause of the article last quoted from, 
which is as follows: 
" The Senators and Representatives before Inentiened, 
and tho of the several State Legislatures, and a}! 
executive and judicial officers, both of tbe United States 
and of the several States, shall be bound by oath or affirm- 
ation, to support the Constitution." 
Again: if it S.vere true that the States, as arti- 
ficial bodies, had formed the General Government 
by contributions from their sovereignty; if' this 
were so, does it follow that they would •have any 
more or bettor right to dissolve the Government 
I than the people themselves, if it had been formed 
by them? Surely. not; for, in the one case, the 
States, as artificial persons, would stand iri the 
same relation to the common Government, as the 
people, as natural persons, would in the Qlber; 
