THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1861. 
while in neither case would it be lawful for a con- coilisi01i were diminished, even in a greater pro- 
stituent member of the Government to withdraw 
from its jurisdiction, except by virtue ofa consti- 
tutional amendment. Any other mode of with- 
drawing from it would be simply extra-constitu- 
tional and revolutionary. 
The inconvenience, too, of such a doctrine would 
instantly reject it. What! leave it to any party 
to a contract of Government—whether that party 
be a State or individual—to throw' off the obliga- 
tions of the contract at pleasure? The idea is 
absurd. It would lead to a subversion ofall order, 
government, and stability. It would inaugurate 
a reign of anarchy, confusion, and chaos, which 
would ingulfin utter ruin the dearest interests of 
society. It would enable any recusant member 
of the body-politic to shirk the dbligations of a 
public debt, or the responsibilities of a war which 
had been induced by his own action—to shirk all 
the consequences of his own counsels. 
It would 
be wicked and abominable in thc last degree. 
is not to be tolerated or countenanced for a mo- 
ment. 
And is not this argument, in itself, a complete 
dissipation of the misty and frivolous disquisi- 
tions that have taken place upon a mere philolo- 
gical question—the distinction between a compact 
and a contract of Government? No such question 
can have any practical or useful application to 
our Government; unless, indeed, the Government, 
in its very nature, bc perverted to the conditions 
of an arbitrary and illogical definition. 
To recapitulate, then, no State has any lawful 
or constitutional right to withdraw from the con- 
tract of national Union : first, because that contract I 
was made by the people and not the States; and 
second, because, if made by the States, still, as 
artificial persons, they are bound by it, and havc 
no independent, constitutional -right to withdraw 
from or rescind it. And, again, because in such 
case, the contract of Union subordinates the States 
to a paramount sovereignty ordained by their own 
act and consent. And, again, because that sov- 
ereignty acts directly upon the people of the " Uni- 
ted States;" 
and by its own independent force 
must act upon them, despite of whatever the 
States, as such, may do. Being sovereign, its 
first duty is to preserve itself; and being sovereign, 
where is there a power more than sovereign to 
control it, disintegrate it, or dissolve it? When 
the States show their right to do so, the paradox 
will have been established, that the minor is the 
greater proportion; that the inferior has the right 
to substitute himself for the superior; that infe- 
riority is sovereignty, and that sovereignty is 
subordination ? 
But, sir, admitting, for the sake of argument, 
the constitutional right of the Gulf States to se- 
cede from the Union; would it bc just to the other 
States for them to do so? Again: would it be 
safe or expedient for the other States to acquiesce 
in such a measure? In answering these ques- 
tions it is necessary that I should take a survey of 
the past. 
All history teaches that coterminous, indcpend- 
ent nations are more liable to quarrel and clash 
with each other than remotc ones. Their very 
contact and neighborship, unregulated by a com- 
mon will, a common authority, in bringing out 
their Inutual diverøencies of opinion, feeling, and 
policy, necessurily make them so. The frequent 
wars occurring between the modern coterminous 
nationso? Europe, and especially, between France 
and her immediate neighbors, abundantly estab- 
1ish this fact. 
Influenced, in a great degree, by 
this consideration, our fathers were unwilling to 
continue their divided existence as isolated, in- 
dependent nationalities; and accordingly consol- 
idated the several States of which they were 
members into one common Union. 
The effect of the measure was not only to se- 
cure a common control over the people of all the 
States, as already mentioned, but to give to each 
State a domestic boundary; and to of the States, 
as a nation, one common foreign boundary. That 
boundary, on the east, was a natural one—the 
Atlantic ocean. Hence the chances of strife and 
24 
portion than one to thirteen; and when, under this 
arrangement, collision should come, it would be 
between thirteen or more confederated States on 
one side, and a foreign and alien nation on the 
other. Besides, under the same arrangement, free 
and enduring access to that ocean became equally 
the right of the people of all the States. 
But what would be the effect if all the Atlantic 
States from Maine to Florida, inclusive, had taken 
it into thcir heads to secede from the Union, and 
in fact had done so? Would it not be to counter- 
vail all the reasonincy, rights, and objects inducing 
the formation of the Union? Would it not bo to 
reéxpose the separated States to all the hazards 
of continually menaced war? Would it not be a 
usurpation of exclusive jurisdiction by the Atlan- 
tic States over the Atlantic seaboard? Would it 
not be to deny the unalienable right of the other 
States to access to the Atlantic—to the use of its 
ports and harbors—except upon terms of conces- 
sion? What would Vermont say to that—Ver- 
mont clailning to be a revolutionary State? Would 
she or any of the excluded States willingly sub- 
mit to it? I think not. 
Acain: take an individual case—the case of 
Florida; who, as a Territory, x,vas purchased 
from Spain in 1819, at a cost of of the 
common treasure of all the States. And why, and 
for what purpose? It was, as we are informed, 
for important national purposes. First, to get 
rid ofa neighbor; next, to round out our 
Union, and establish a natural boundary; next, 
to obtain the Florida point, as a means of._con- 
trolling one of the outlets of the Mississippi and 
thc Gulf of Mexico; and lastly, perhaps, to open 
an artificial communication, across the peninsula 
of Florida, between the Atlantic and the Gulf, as 
a means of avoiding the circuitous and dangerous 
navigation of the coasts of Florida. 
These were thc purposes for which Florida was 
acquired; and since her acquisition she has cost 
us some thirty or forty million dollars more; ex- 
pended for the purpose of suppn•ossing Indian 
hostilities, removing Indians from her borders, 
and fortifying her extended coasts. Now, shall 
Florida, witli a population of onc hundred thou- 
sand—less than one half of that of my district— 
shall she, having become a State by our paternal 
consent, withdntw frorn the Union, convert her- 
self into a nation, and setting up for her- 
self, thus defeat all the objects inducing her acqui- 
sition? Who will say so? 
As a foreign nation, in the vicissitudes to which 
weak States particularly are incident, would she 
be able to hold the fortifications erected by the 
United States at Key West and the Dry Tortugas, 
for the protection of one of the chief passages of 
the Gulf? Who believes it? In such an event, 
this Government standing aloof, would not these 
positions, sooner or later, fall into the hands of 
England, France, or Spain; and, in that event, 
would they not become to the Gulf and the great 
inland sea of the Mississippi what Gibraltar, in 
the hands of England, is to the Mediterranean? 
Nor would the danger of such a result bc much 
diminished if a southern Confederacy, inclUding 
Florida, should succeed to thejurisdiction of those 
positions; for, as a non-maritime power, it would 
bc unable to cope with the great maritime nations 
of Europe. While, if they should fall under the 
power of Spain or Great Britain—the first holding 
Cuba, and the latter the Islands of Jamaica and 
Grand Cayman—either would be enabled abso- 
lutely to close the mouth of the Mississippi, by 
blocking up the narrow passage between Cuba 
and Yucatan on one side, and the same island and 
Fkorida on the other. Hence, in any event, the 
non-seceding and commercial States of the Union 
rnust needs retain those positions. 
Take still anotherexample: that of Louisiana— 
the State of Louisiana. She is a part of what was 
once the French province of Louisiana; for which, 
in our infancy, we paid the surn of $15,000,000, 
when we were hardly able to pay anything; when 
we were small in population, overwhelmed with 
the revolutionary debt, bankrupt in credit, and 
NEW SERIES....,NO. 24. 
continually menaced by the great- wars bet'W.eöh 
republicanism and monarc.hy upon the eastern 
continent. 
That sum then was morc to us than 
are now; but relatively ås large as it was, itfell 
far short of the value of that province—a province 
extendinc» from the Mississippi river 
wcstwalä 
—embracing -the area of an empire, 
traversed by noble rivers, abounding in rich min- 
orals, and lands of surpassing fertility, and which 
was transferred to us more in order to avoid Eng- 
land's seizing it, than as an equivalent for the 
really insignificant price paid for it. The French 
Consul Bonaparte, speaking of it, said: 
I know the price of what 1 abandon, and- have eum- 
ciently proved the importance that I attach to it,' since my 
first diplornatic act With Spain had rdr itSobject its recovery. 
I renounce it with the greatest regret. If should regulate 
my ternis according to the value of these vast regions to the 
United States, the indennüty would have no litnits. Pev 
haps it will be objected to rne that the Americans may be 
fOund too powerful for Europe in two or three centuries; 
but my fbresight does not embrace such remote fears." 
Again; hc exclaimed upon the conclusion of the 
treaty of cession: 
This accession ofterritory strengthens forever the power 
of the United States ; and I have just given to England a 
nmritirne rival, that will sooner or later humble her pride." 
Mr. Livingston, too, our minister at the French 
Government, upon the signing of the treaty, 
addressing his colleague, Mr. Monroe, and t.he 
French minister, Barbö Marbois, broke forth in 
the following rapturous strain: 
VVe have lived long, but this i* the noblest work'0four 
',vhole lives. From this day the United States take their 
plaec among the Powers of the. first rank; the English lose 
all exclusive influence in affairs of America. The Uni- 
ted States will reéstablish the maritime rights of the world, 
which are now usurped by a single nation. The instrumentS 
which we have just signed will cause no tears to be •shed ; 
they prepare ages of happiness for innumerable generations 
of human creatures. The Mississippi and Missouri will 
see them succeed one, another, and multiply, truly worthy 
of the regard and care of Providence, in thebosom o:' equal- 
ity, undér just laws-:, freed the errors of superstition 
and the scourges of bad government." 
Such was the estimate of the Louisiana prov- 
ince by the greatest minds of that day. Such 
were the prophesies of Bonap•arte and Livingston. 
And has not subsequent experience progressively, 
but rapidly, contributed towards their fulfillment? 
'Che destinies of that great province, as thus viv- 
idly and graphically portrayed by these eminent 
Inen, were not those of a " pent up Utica " of a 
cotton confederacy, or a mere slave-State Union, 
but of' an ocean-bound Republic, rising in the 
strength of the soaring eagle, flaunting the banner 
of freedom, and boast.ing the proud title of the 
" Ui)ited States of America.' 
This province, thus predestinated to unity with 
this Republic, and concurrence in the fulfillment 
ofits glorious mission, has since been carved into 
a number of States and organized Territories— 
into the States of Arkansas, Missouri, and Iowa, 
and into the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, 
besides the State of Louisiana: which is the pass- 
way of all the former to the Gulf of Mexico; not 
only of them, but of Tennessee, Kentucky, west- 
ern Virginia, and Pennsylvania, and the Six north- 
western States. The whole Mississippi valley has 
its only navigable outlet to the Gulf through Lou- 
isiana. Close that outlet, and ail the people in- 
habiting the upper shores of the Mississippi and 
its amuents, amoun ting to eleven or twelve rnillion, 
at once become isolated and excluded from the 
Gulf. In that event the agricultural and other 
products of the upper valley annually descending 
the Mississippi to the Gulf, for an outlet to our 
eastern Atlantic cities and abroad, to the amount 
of $150,000,000, would be forced into some other 
directioi, or be entirely stifled by insuperable dis• 
couracements. 
What, in the course of time, would be the effect 
of this deprivation upon the people inhabiting that 
valley? Would it not sap their enterprise, bliih&• 
their spirit, enervate their character, and degrade 
them to an inferior condition? Will the bmve and 
hardy men of that valley consent to so -ignomin- 
ious a fate? Will the men who, in one •generq. 
tion, have conquered the savage and the wilder. 
ness; who have built up an empire of ten million 
