370 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 14, 
people in the West'—an empire distinguished for 
aris and sciences; for its great cities and thriving 
villages; for its green fields and golden harvests; 
for its floating palaces and hurtling locomotives, 
for its free schools, its universities, its numerous 
chui•cbes, and its electrical communication of 
thought from- Cairo to St, Anthony; will such a 
people be content to becomc subordinate—a nay 
tion of herdsmen? Perish rather! And such, in 
effect, is the answer of Mr. Clay to the same 
question 5 i_n. hie great speech in the Senate in 1850. 
He• said: 
It' this Union shall become separated, new Unions, new 
cöhfederaeics, will arise ; and with respect to this—if there 
be -any—l'hope there is no one in tbc Senate—bcföre whose 
Imagination is flitting the idea of a great southern confed- 
eracy to take possession of the Balize and the mouth of the 
Mississippi, T say in place, never ! 'Lever ! NEVER !.will 
we who occupy tbc broad waters of the Mississippi and its 
41bpcr tributaries consent that any norcign flag shall float at 
tho Balize, or upon the turrets of the Crescent' City—never ! 
NEVER P' 
Without the outlet of the Mississippi, what t 
would *have been the inducement to purchase 
Louisiana; what the inducement to people it; 
what the inducement to make it the seat of a great 
empire ? 
Let me. not be misunderstood. I do not dcsirc 
would avoid it by all honorable means, 
war. 
particularly a civil war between any of the Stutcs 
of this Umon. Such a war would be fratricidal, 
unnatural, and most bloody. It would be a war 
between States equally jealous of their honor, and 
men equally brave. would forfeit my own self- 
respect, if could disparage the courage of my 
brethren , cither of the North the South ; for cour- 
age ig the distinction of neither, but the virtue of 
both. The only difference between them is, that 
the man of the South fights from impetuosity, 
the man of the North from purpose, and the rnan 
of the West froyn a restless spirit, of adventure. 
Myself n Kentuckian by birth, and an Illinoisan 
by nurture and education, I would deplore such 
a war as the greatest caqamity that could befall 
the country; yet, as a practical man, and a rcp- 
resentative of the people, I must not shut my eyes 
to the logic of cause and effect—to the popuiar 
instinct of eclf-prcservation. 
Some sixty years when the white people 
of the Mississippi valley scarcely bercd 
two hundred thousand, and when Kentucky and 
Frankland (now r rennessee) were almost the only 
American settlements west of the Alleghanies, the 
people of that valley seriously deliberated whether 
they should transfer their allegiance to thc Span- 
isli crown, or forcibly seize New Orleans for the 
purpose ot• securing t.he outlet of the Mississippi 
river. And, at a later date, they boldly offered I 
to Spain the alternatives of wur or a concession of 
the jurisdiction of that rivcr to the United States. 
But' let history speak for itself on these points. 
Gayarre, in his history of Louisiana, gays: 
In 1786, the western portion of North Carolina, which 
called the VVashington district, had declared iisclf in- 
a nd had constituted itself into the State or 
dependent, 
Fran which oruanizcd its govcrnmc!lt, and elected 
Colonel John Scvior as its first Governor. 
But. Congress 
interfin•cd in thvor of North Carolina, the authority or which 
wag inaintained, and the new Sr.ate o!' Erankland tcrll)- 
'I'llis first attempt in the 
inated its brief career in 1787. 
West to throw off openly the allegiance duo to the parent 
State had aroused inten.e excitelnent for and against it ; and 
the secessionists, still persevering in their former designs, 
were watching for the opportunity to renew them. 'I'llns, 
on the 12th of September, 1788, e.x-Governor John Sevier 
had written.to Gardoquk, to iniörm hirn that the inhabitants 
of Frankland unanimou.q in thcir mchmnent desire to 
.fbrm an alliance and tieaty Qf commercc •utith Spain, and put 
themselves under her protection. Wherefore, he tur 
ammunition. inoney, and whatever other assistance Miro 
[Governor of Louisiana] could grant, to aid the execution 
or the contemplated separation from North Carolina ; pledg- 
ing the faith ot the, State of Franklan(t Cor the payment of 
whatever sum* Spalli migbt adgance, and whatever ex- 
penseg she might incur, in an enterprise which would se- 
eure to her such durable and important results." 
'I'he same author gives the following pqssage, 
in a letter written by General Wilkinson on the 
12th of February, 1789, to Miro: 
Thus, sir, It we review the policy [of annekation to 
Spain) favored by the fiibabftaut.s of Kentucky, we see that 
the most intelligent and wealthiest relish our designs,which 
ure opposed by only two men of rank, who, coiteolled by 
their fears of silly demago«rneg, and fliting their fbllowcrs 
wrth hopes from the expected action of the new Congress, i 
have caused the suspension Df the measures we had in 
view to unite the people, and thus to secure the success of 
aur plans without involving the countky in violent civil 
a time which -involved peculiar diffculties, the intendant, 
Morales, issued an order suspending the right of deposit at 
that town, by a proclamation of the 16th of October, 1802. 
This measure was extremely prejudicial to-New Orlea!is, 
where it almost produced a famine, by stopping the supplies 
of flour and other western produce, necessary for the daily 
sustenance of its population. 
When this news reached the western people, they were 
fired with indignation at an aet which suspended their com- 
rnerce with New Orleans, and deprived them of •an outlet 
without which they could hardly exist. Ntunerous appeals, 
petitions, and even violent throats, were addressed to the 
General Government on the subject, and tha protracted em- 
barrassments of the West were exposed to the whole peo- 
ple of the United States in so impressive a manner as to 
command their deep attention, and to force the Govern- 
ment into immediate and energetic action. Here is a spe- 
' The 
cimen of the language used on the occasion : 
is ours by the law of 
sissippi,' said the western people, 
nature; it belongs to us by our nurnbers, and by the labor 
which we have bestowed on those spots which, before our 
arrival, were desert aud barren. Our innumerable rivcrs 
swell it, and flow with it into the Gulf of Mexico. Its 
mouth is the only issue which nature has given to our 
waters, and we wish to use it tör our vessels. No power 
in thc world shall deprive us of this right. We do not pre- 
vent tbc Spaniards and French from ascending the. river to 
our towns and villages. We wish in our turn to descend 
it, without any interruption, to its mouth, to ascend it 
aaain, and exercise our privilege of trading on it and nav- 
If our most entire liberty in this 
igating it at our pleasure. 
matter is disputed, nothing shall prevent our taking posses- 
Sion of the Capital, and, when we are once master of it, we 
[t' Congress 
shall know hov,' to Inaintain ourselves there. 
retUses us effectual protection, if it forsakes us, we will 
adopt the measures which our safety requires, even if they 
endanger the peace ot' the Union and our connection with 
the other States. No protection, no allegiance.' 
Mr. Modigon, as Secretary of State, writing to 
Mr. Li vingston , (Novem ber27 , 1802,) on the same 
subject—the suspension of the right of deposit, 
From whatcvcr source the measure may have pro- 
ceeded, the President expects that the Spanish Government 
will neither lose a inotnent in countermanding it, nor hesi- 
tate to repair every damage which Inay result frorn it. You 
are aware the sensibility of' our western citizens to such 
'.l'his sensibility is justified by the interest 
an occurrence. 
they have at stake. 'I'he Mississippi to thon is everything. 
rt. is the iludso•n, the Delaware, Cha Potonaac, and an the nav- 
•igable l'ers of the .Rtlantü: States, fonned into one stream. 
'i'hc produce exported through that channel, last year, 
arnounted to froin tbc district of Kentucky and 
Mississippi only, and "'ill probably be fifty per cent. n)oro 
this year, frotn the country. Kentucky alone 
hus exported, t•or the firgt this year, $591,432 in value, 
afloat [Or 
a great part of which is nan', 'Vili Shortly be, 
New and (N)nseqltently exposed to tliC eflöets of 
this extraordinary exercise While you presutne, 
thereli)re, in your representations to the Spanish Govern- 
nment, that the conduet -of its oflieer no contrary to 
its intentions than it is to its good faith, you will take care 
to express the strongest confidence that the breach of' the 
treaty will bc repaired in every which justice and a 
regard a friendly neighborhood rnay require." 
Mr. Madison, again writing to Mr. Livincrston 
1, 1803) upon the cession of Louisiana by 
Spain to the French Republic, said: 
" 'i'hc cession ot• Louisiana to France becomes daily more 
and more a source ot painful apprehension. Notwithstand- 
ing the. treaty o!' March, and notwithstanding the. gcn- 
crai belief France on the subject, and the accounts from 
St. that part of the armatnent sent to that island 
was eventllally• (testined for Louisiana, a hope was still 
drawn fro:n your early conversations with M. 'ralleyrand, 
that the French Governtnent did not. nmean to PUtsuc the I 
object. Sinee the receipt your last ccnnmunieations, 
hope rcnnai ns but frcnn c aecutnu!ating difficulties of goill" 
through with the undertaking, aud Cronu the, conviction you 
Inay he able to itnpress, that. it must have an instant and 
powerful cn•eet changinz the relations betivecn France 
'I.'he change is obvious ; 
and the 
and the United States. 
'nore it can be developed in candid and friendly appeals to I 
the reflections or the French Governtnent, the it will 
urge it to rcvi.se, and abandon the project. A mere neigh- 
borhood eould not be friendly to the harmony which both 
countriea have so much an interest in c}ierishing ; but if a 
possession of the nwut.h. Qj• t,he Mississippi is to be added to 
the other causes 0k' discord, the worst event* are to be ap- 
prehended. You will consequently spare. no Pfibrts, that 
wili eonsi*t, with prudence and dignitv, to lead the coun- 
cus o? France to proper views of this subject, and to an 
abandonment ot• her present purpose," 
Pursuing the samo subject, Mr. Ross (.Febru- 
ary 14, 1803) said: 
To tbc free navigation of the M(ssisgippi we had an 
undoubt.ed right froin nature, and frolii the. position of our 
and the rit'ht of deposit in 
westcrn country. 
the island of New had bc.cn solen:nly ackl')owl- 
edged and fixcd by treaty in 1795. 
'i'hat treaty had been 
in actual operation and execution nrany years ; and 
now, without any pretense of abuse or vio;ation oti our 
part, the officers ot• the Spanish Govcrrnnent deny that 
right, refuse the place of deposit, and add the most offen- 
Sive of all insults, by f'orbiddin',' us frojn landin" on any 
part of their territory, and shutting us out as a common 
nuisance. 
HI hy not seize, then, what is so essentöal to us as a 
nation? i,Vhy not expel the wrong-doers—wrong-doers by 
their own cont'esgion—to whom by seizure we are domg 
Subsequently, Mr. Ross offered a series of res• 
olutions for the consideration of the Serrate, from 
which I quote, as follows: 
That the President be aut.horized to take immediate 
possession of such piace or places in the satne island (New 
Orleans) OF the adjacent territories, as he ;nay deem fit and 
convenient tor the purposes aforesaid ; and to adopt such 
other measures for obtaining that comptetc security as to 
him, in his wisdom, sh•aü seem meet. 
Tbat he be anthorized to call into actual service any 
number of the militia ofthe States of South Carolina, Geor- 
gia, Ohio, Kentucky, •Tennessee, or the Mississippi Terri- 
tory, which he may think proper, not exceeding fifty thou- 
sand, and to employ them, together with the rnilitary and 
naval forces of the •Union, for effecting the objects above 
Inentioned." 
His colleague, Mr. Maclay, addressing the Sen- 
ate in support of these resolutions, said: 
These observations are urged upon the supposition that 
it is in the power of tbe Government to restrain the impet- 
uosity of the western pcople, and to prevent their doing 
justice to themselves; which, by the by, beg to be under- 
stood as not believing, but expressly the contrary. They 
kpow their own strength ; they know the tt•ebieness of the 
enemy ; they know the infinite itnportance of the stake ; 
and they feel, perrnit me to say, sir, with Inot•e than tnere 
sensibility, the insults and injuries they have received ; and 
I believe will not submit, even för the approaching scason, 
to their present ruinous and humiliating situation. You 
had as well pretend to dam up the mouth of the Missis- 
sippi, and say to its restless waves, ye shall cease here, and 
never mingle with the ocean, as to expect they will be pre- 
vented from descending it. VVithout the free use of the 
river, and the necessary advantages of deposit below our 
line, their fertilc country is not worth possession ; their pro- 
duce Inust be wasted in the fields, or rot in their granaries. 
These are rights not only guaranteed to them by treaty, but 
also given to thein by the God of nature, and; they en- 
force them, '.vith or without the authority of thc Govern. 
ment; and let me ask whether it is more dignified for the 
Government to lead or follow in the path of honor? One 
it must do, or give up that western country." 
Mr. Morris, Senator from New York, also ad- 
vocated the seizure of thc island of New Orleans; 
and finally , upon the motiofi of Mr. Breckinridge, 
of Kentucky, Mr. Ross's resolutions were substi- 
tutcd, and a bill passed morc fully developino• 
their sueøestions, enacted to carry them into cf- 
fect. The substitute resolutions are as follows: 
Resolved, That the President of the United States be, 
and hc is hereby, authorized, whenever he shall judge it 
expedient., to require of tlre executives of the several States 
and equ;p, according to 
to take effectual Incasures to ann 
and to bold in readiness to in arch, at a Inoment's warn- 
inz eighty thousand effective militia, officers included. 
'Phat thc President may, if.he judges it expedient, atr- 
thorize the executives of the several States to accept, as 
part of the detachment aforesaid, any corps ot• volunteers 
WI)O shakl continue in serviee for such tillie, not e.xceeding 
Inonths, and perlönn such services as shall be pte- 
gcribed by law. 
dollars be appropriated ftn• paying and sub- 
sisting such part of the troops {'töresaid, whose actuai ser- 
vice may be wanted, and for (lcf•rayin« such other expenses, 
during the recess of Congress, as the President may deem 
necessary tor the security of the territory of the United 
States. 
dollars be appropriated for erecting, at such 
'Ithat 
place or places on the western waters as the President may 
judge most propcr, onc or inore. arsenals." 
On the 30th of April, 1803, the treaty Witb 
France ceding Louisiunu to the United Stales was 
signed, and happily put an cnd to all Curt her con- 
troversy in regard to the ownership of that prov- 
mce. 
In view of these historical facts, ean it be 
doubted w hat would be the course, nay, the ne- 
cessity, of the twelve or thirteen million people 
inhabiting the upper valley of the Mississippi if 
that river should be closed against thom and their 
immense commerce? If two hundred thousand 
people, with u comparatively insignificant com- 
mcrce, were ready to appeal to arms to secure tho 
frcc navi(ration of that river in 1809, would sixty 
timos the same number of people, with a corre- 
sponding commerce, do less now? Only the naan 
uninitiated in the springs of human action will 
say so. 
No, thc Mississippi valley is a geographical 
Its great river, with its intersecting tribu- 
unit. 
taries reaching out in every direction to its utmost 
, limits, is the hand of Almighty God, binding it 
together as onchomo"eneous and complete whole. 
no injury? Paper contracts. or treaties, have proved too 
eommotions. 
It is an organic body, inseparable except by vio- 
lcnce to the laws of nature and those other laws 
I of commerce, education, and society, which are 
induced by the former. Let it be divided to-day, 
and ere long, when the frenzy of tho hour shall 
have subsided, its dismembered parts will cleave 
torether tvain by irresistible attraction; will re- 
unite as the mutilated Ijps of an incised wound 
Plant yourselves on the river, fortify tbe banks, 
I invite those who have an interest at stake to detend it; do II Y the first intention. A higher law than the 
Again, the same author says: 
slave law must control the destiny of the Missis- 
order to prevent t.he afflux of Americans to Naw (jrleans 'letustvtecethteo whd contr018 tee tate of nations. 
sippi valley—ethe law of natural attraction and 
