1861. 
cohesion. 
I say this in no offensive, but in a 
Dhilosophical sense; and the reconstruction job- 
ers of the day, if they would make permanent'! 
work, must bear it in mind. 
Why, indeed, is not Missouri and the whole 
Son thwest, including Texas, Tennessee, and Ken- 
tucky, closer in interest and natural affnity to 
Illinois and the whole Northwest, than the same 
States are to South Carolina, Georgia, and Flor- i 
ida? Why, too, are not Virginia, Maryland, 
Delaware, and perhaps North Carolina, closer, in 
the affnities of agricultural products and economic 
policy, to Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey, 
and the whole North west, than the same States 
are to South Carolina, Géorgia, Florida, Ala- 
bama, and Mississippi? These are questions to 
be answered by reason and facts, and not by mo- 
mentary passion and prejudice. 
But in a wider, loftier view than mere sectional 
interest and official duty, is there not something 
to draw us, by earnest, and irresistible 
attraction, to a fearless, faithful, and enduring 
embrace of this glorious Union? What, with its 
memories of the past, its blessings of the present, 
and its hopes of the future, is it not worth to us? 
Behold its youthful enet•ryies grasping a continent 
as the young warrior grasps his shield and buck- 
ler! Behold its lofty stature piercing the vaulted 
skies in the dim and distant peaks of the Alle- 
ghany and Rocky Mountains! Behold its com- 
merce whitenivevery sea! Behold its agriculture 
strewing the land and gorging the rivers and the 
lakes with its infiniteprofusion! Behold its toiling, 
tireless workshops and manufactories, forging 
and fabricating ali that utility, luxury, or taste, 
can crave! Behold its constellations of schools, 
colleges, and universities, sparkling as diamonds 
upon its bosom, and illun)inating its ext.ended 
sphere with grace, beauty, and intelligence! Be- I 
hold its expanded artns oflöring an asylum to the 
oppressed of ali nations! Behold its glancing ban- 
ner in the van of human progress ! Behold its em- 
blematic eagle soaring with unblenching gaze full 
in the sunlight of a higher, nobler, and purer civ- 
ilization than ever befbre kindled the aspirations 
of any other people! Behold this great federative 
system—behold it, built upon the Divine idea of 
the universe itself—with its central sun and plan- 
etary orbs, each revolving within its separate 
sphere, and all revolving collectively, and as •a 
dependent whole, within the circle of its mighty 
orbit! Behold all this, and answer me whether 
this wondrous political creation, the work of our 
fathers, and their loving legacy to us as their chil- 
dren, is not worth 
Patriotism, too, the sacred obligation of patriot- 
ism, would prompt every loyal citizen, whether 
in the North or in the South, to defend and main- 
tain the integrity of the Union and the authority 
of its common Government against the inroads of 
violence. Not only thc universal allegiance of all 
citizens of the United States binds them to it; bat 
we, and all other public offcers, especially are 
solemnly bound to it by our oaths. W c cannot 
avoid it ifwc would. 
We hear, however, the clamor of coercion—of 
coercion of States—a clamor got up, if not. to make 
us all traitors, at least to frightek'i us out of our i 
propriety. What is the foundation for thisclamor? ii 
Do the friends of the Union propose to invade 
South Carolina for the purpose of subjugating her 
people? Do they propose to force her send 
her members of Congress back here, or to hold 
any Federal office, or to perform any active Fcd- i 
eral duty? Not so. All we propose is to protect 
the property and jurisdiction of the United States. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
371 
Rather is it coercion for a State to require of us 
to submit to her spoliation of the forts, arsenals, 
dock-yards, custom-houses, post offces, and the 
arms and munitions of the United States. Such 
submission, sir, 
in mv opinion, would be in the 
last degree reprehensible and disgraceful. Utter 
imbecility only can tolerate it; and if that be the 
condition of our Government, let us at once abol- 
ish it, and proclaim to the world the sad fact, that 
tl'ie last and most auspicious experiment of free 
government has signally failed. 
Can anything but madness countenance the 
scheme of secession? Let it become a practical 
doctrine, and the most fatal consequences must 
follow. Not only will States secede from the 
Union, but counties from States, and cities and 
towns from both ; and thus the work of disintegra- 
tion and dissolution will go on until the whole 
frame of society and government will be ingulfed 
in one bottomless and boundless chaos of ruin. 
Already it has induced civil war; indeed, in itself 
it is civil war. 
Whatdo we see? Castlc Pinckney, Fort Moul- 
tric, and the arsenal, and all other property of 
the United States, except Fort Sumter, in the 
harbor and city of Charleston, have been seized, 
and are now Field by the revolutionary forces of 
South Carolina. And still later, we hear that a 
vessel sent by the United States, under the stars 
and stripes, with supplies t.o their garrison ill Fort 
Sumter, hus been fired into by order of the Gov- 
ernorofthatState. Morc than that; she has placed 
herself upon a complete war footing by organ- 
izir1(T and arming her militia, and voting large 
supplies of money to maintain her rnilitary estab- 
lishments. Georgia, too, has seizod Forts Jack- 
son, Pulaski, and Niorgan; and Alabama the 
United States arsenal at Mobile, containing sevcn- 
ty-eight thousand stand of arrns, one thousand five 
hundred boxes of powder, three hundred thou- 
sand rounds of musket cartridges, and other mu- 
nitions of war; and thus Ethe war commenced, 
goes on, thus mad men rush upon— 
Lean farnine, quartering stecl, and climbing fire." 
Oh, how changed thc scene of yesterday 
warnings, and portents and evils ominous, are 
Belfold! T hc genius •of America, that 
upon us. 
fair divinity of peace, whose noble -statue, vying 
the noblest work of Phidias, graces the Capitol 
grounds. Alas! bel')old, behold! she has fled 
affrighted from her cmpyrcal throne; and Mars, 
the " mailed Mars, up to his ears in blood," has 
usurped her sway, and, in the hoarse dissonance 
of war, proclaims: 
Put armor on thine cars, and on thine cyes ; 
Whose proof, nor yells oc inotbers, anaids, nor bubcs, 
Nor sight of priests in holy vestments bleeding, 
Shall pierce a jot." 
But before passing from this topic, let me in- 
voke the solemn and eloquent warnings of the 
immortal Jackson upon the subject of disunion. 
He asks, in his farewell address to the American 
people: 
VVhat havc you to gain by division and dissension ? 
Delude not yourselves with the belief that a breach once 
rnade, rnay be afterwards repaired. If the Union is once 
severeq, the line of' separation will grow wrider and wider, 
and the controversies wilieh are. now d '.bated a:ud settled 
in the halls of legislation, will then be tried in fields of 
battle, and deterniined by the sword. Neither should you 
deccivc yourselves with thc hopc that the first linc of scp- 
aratii)li would be the pcnnanent one, and that nothing kn_lt 
harnnony and concord would bc found in the new associa- 
tions iOnne(l upon the dissoiution of' the Union. Loeul 
interests would still bc found there, and unchastened am- 
bitiou. And if the recollection of comrnor: dangers, in 
•,vhich tbc people of these United States stood side by Fide 
against thc cennmon foc; thc Incmory or victories won by 
their united valor; the prosperity and happiness they have 
enjoyed under the present Constitution ; 
the proud name 
by defensive measures—no more. And is tha 
,they bear as citizens of this great Republic , 
'—it' ail these 
coercion ? 
is it coercion ofa State for us to do 
Again, sir: 
what we arc sworn to do—to support the Con- • 
stitution," and the laws" and treaties" of the 
United States, as " the supreme law of the land? " 
Is it coercion for us to maintain, peaceably if we 
can, forcibly if we must, possession of thc treas- ! 
ure and other property of the United States? Is 
it coercion for us to stay the violent and lawless 
hand that would tear down the noble structea•e of 
nay, more; is it coercion for 
our Governrnent,? 
us to let the flag of the Union stand upon the 
bosom of our country, where our fathers planted 
it; to let the eagle of America sweep with buoy- 
ant wing the Widc domain of this great nation ? 
it is a perversion 
Is that coercion? Why, sir, 
of all languaoe, a mockery of all ideas, to say so. 
recollections and prootk of comrnon iiiterest are not strong 
enough to bind us together as one people, what tio will hold 
united the new (livft,ions of empire when these bonds have 
been broken, and this Union disscvcrcd: The first line of 
separation would not last for a singlc generation; new 
f'ragments would be torn off; new• leaders would spring up ; 
and this great and glorious Republie would soon be broken 
into a Inultitude of petty States, without emnmerce, with- 
out credit, jealous or oneanotber, armed for Inutual aggres- 
sions, loaded with taxes to pay armies and leaders, socking 
aid against cach other from iöreigu Powers, insulted and 
trampled upon by the. nations o!' Europe, until, harassed 
svith conflicts and knunhlcd and debased in spirit, they 
would be. ready subalil to the absolute, (10111iui011 of any 
tniütary adventurer, and surrender t.heir liberty for the sake 
It is iinpossibie to look on the consequences 
of repose. 
. that. inevitably the destruction of this Gov- 
and riot feel indignant when we hear cold calcu- 
Iaüons about the value of the Union, and have so con- 
• ' *tantly bc!öre us a line of conduct so well calculated to 
weakex its tics. 
But it is answeréd bylihe secedihg Ståtes that 
they are aggrieved, and •must needs have•'redress. 
And what are their alleged, grimnces? First; 
the nullification of the fugitive slave 'law-byithe 
so-called liberty bills of the northei•h States, kind 
otherwise; second, the exclusion of slave: prop* 
erty from the Territories of theu United: States; 
third, the continued agitation of- thö Slåv-eriques;• 
tion; and fourth, the election of Mr. Lincoln. 
This is the gravamen of the indictment lately 
drawn up by Sbuth- Carolina, and published to the 
world. In part it is true, and in part untrue. 
So far as Illinois is concerned, except in a few 
instances of rescue, there has been no -serious 
obstruction offered to the execution of the fugi- 
tive act, either under color of law or otherwise; 
and in the cases of rescue referred to, the par.ties 
implicated were promptly and exemplarily pun- 
ished by the courts and juries in the State. On 
the contrary, Illinois has had upon- her statute- 
books, for more than twenty-five years,- police 
laws operating effciently in aid of the fugitive 
act. Without pausing to dwell upon these laws, 
I refer all who are concerned, and -particularly 
her assailants, to them. Nor is it true that a ma- 
jority of her delegation in Congress has at 
time voted to exclude slave property from the 
Territories. As Rcpresentative from Illinois, 
I have always voted against excluding it, and in 
favor of the doctrine of non-intervention by Con- 
gress upon the subject. This has been my course 
from the date of the Wilmot proviso to the pres- 
ent day. 
As to our. territorial acquisitions, and the op- 
portunities afforded for slavery expansion, surely 
there is no just ground of complaint by the South. 
What arc tl'le facts? All the Territories hitherto 
acquired have been slave Territories, and in large 
part eminently adapted to slave labor. So it wäs 
of Louisiana, now embracinT the cotton and -su- 
gar-growing slave States of Louisiana and Ark' 
ansas; so df Florida, now another Biave State; 
and so of Texas, still another slave State; and 
withouthinderance slavery has spread all over this 
extensivc area, quite up to, and even beyond its 
climatic ability to sustain itself—as in northern 
Missouri and 'Texas, and in the Territory of New 
Mexico. On thc other hand, as often as our 
territory has been clipped, it has been on the 
north and free side—as in the case of Maine arid 
Massachusetts, under the Ashburton treaty; and 
of Oregon, under the Washington treaty. 
It is true, however, and I admit the fact, that 
scv-cral of the northern States have passed laws 
obstructive of the execution of the fugitive act, 
and violative of a solemn guarantee of tho Cone 
stitution of the United States. And protesting 
against it, as a northern man appeal.to the moral 
sense, the good faith and love of country of the 
people of those States, to repeal those laws, re- 
move this grievance, and right themselves in the 
eyes of their coun trymen. Will they not do it? 
I verily believe they will when their sober second 
thought has had tzme to act upon the subject. 
Already the peoplc of Pennsylvahia, New York,- 
Vermont, Maine, and Massachusetts, havc led off 
upon the sukject; and no doubt the' people. "of' the 
ot.hcr delinquent States will follow their example. 
Admitting, however, as I do, that the slavery 
agitation was commenced in the North, still I can- 
not say that the South is blamelcss in regard to it. 
On the contrary, both sections have been driven 
into excesses upon thc subject by incendiary dem- 
In the North there. are the Garrisons 
acyooucs. 
and Phi)lipses, who are but the counterparts of the 
Rhetts and Yanceys of the South. rlhe one, re- 
garding the Constitution as a shield for slavery, 
denounces it as a covenant with death and an 
agreement with hell;" while the other, regarding 
the Union as the enemy of slavery, denounces it 
as the coil of the anaconda crushing out the life- 
blood of the South. These characters, on the one 
side, as crusaders agai nst slavery , assume to crush 
il out by authority of God; while on the other, 
as propagandists, they deem it their Heaven-ap- 
pointed mission to spread it everywhere. Such 
characters are but the incarnation of fanaticismq 
Transpose them geographically, one to the South 
and the other to the North, and each will em- 
brace the other's form of fanaticism—thö Abo- 
litionist becoming a fire-eater, and the .fire-eater 
an Abolitionist. 
It is such men who haye led the Way in forrmn• 
two great sectional parties; one, the ahti-sla#cry 
