1861. 
votes to be given, before that Constitution could 
bc so changed as to continue Napoleon in power. 
Hereupon arosc a parliamentary struggle, une- 
qualed in any forum. It was before the giant 
intellects of France were exiled by the perfidy of 
its ruler. Here was a country like France, with 
sixty years of political vicissitude, wherein every 
tradition and compact had been violated; and yet 
even there, the Constitution of the new Republic 
was invested with such a sanctity, that it defied 
the majority of the Assembly to change it. 
The 
Lafayettes, the Hugos, the Lamartines, the Af- 
rican Generals, Lamoricierc, Changarnier, Ca- 
vaignac, Bedeau, and Lcflo, struggled against this 
change, with an eloquence radiant with Frcnch 
fervor, and inspired with the genius of great deeds. I 
CONGRESSIONAi GLOBE. 
375 
not keep inviolatc the fixed principles of constitu- 
tional right repudiate their own strength, assas- 
sinate their own life, tarnish their own glory, and 
will receive and deserve the ill-starred fate of 
France! In whatever form these infractions may 
come, history has but one answer for their effect. 
When law is defied successfully, division will 
come armed with tenfold terror. For-ce will be 
arrayed against force. The brute rules and reason 
dies. If not rcsisted, there is but one alternative: 
yokes of wood instead of cords of silk, and yokes 
of iron instcad of yokes of wood; the red specter 
of revolution, or the gentler movements of acqui- 
escent infraction of the organic law. There is 
but one step from the Capitol to the Tarpeian 
rock. 
After centuries of brave struggle, thus 
Their President had sworn to be faithful to the France lost the Republic. What shall we say of 
Democratic Republic, one and undivisil)le, and I America, with her seventy years crowded with 
to fulfill tho duties imposed by the Constitu- 
I the trophies of her success and greatness ? Read 
tion." At {ength a vote was taken. There were 
the prophetic warning of Judge Story (vol. 2, p. 
446 for the amendment; only 278 against it; a ma- 
138, of his Life and Letters) in his Introduction 
jority of 168; but not enough; not the required to his Commentaries on the Constitution: 
three fourths! The crafty President, finding he 
The influence of the disturbing causes which, more 
could not change the Constitution in the constitu- 
than once in the. Convention, were on the point of break- 
tional manner, began to ply the popular will for 
ing up the Union, have since innncasurabl.y increased in 
his purposes. The Conseils Généraaxdemanded, 
'The very inequalities ofa Gov- 
ernment, confessedly founded on a compromise, werc then 
and two million people petitioned for the change. 
felt with a strong sensibility; and every new source of dis- 
But the Republicans, moderateand red,stood their content, whether accidental or permanent? hnssineeaddcd 
ground. Even Proudhon, blood-red Communist, 
increased activity to the painful sense 01 these inequall- 
ties. The North cannot but perceive that it has yielded to 
from his prison of St. Pelagic, wrote Girardin 
the South a superiority of representatives, already amount- 
that universal suffrage would not be price enough 
ing to twcnty-five, beyond its due proportion; 
and the 
for such a breach of' the Constitution. The great So-tith finagines that, with all this preponderance. in repre- 
question was referred to committee, of which 
sentat.ion. the other parts ot• the Union enjov a Inore per- 
iOct protection or their interests than kun• o•.vn. 
De Tocqueville was chairman. He, too, with- 
'E'he West 
await the returning justice of the 'North ? Unless 
disunion be determined upon-in , spite ofv-every 
effort at harmony, I do- not see having 
so -long acquiesced in the breach of the fourth•-arti- 
cle of the Constitution, any State should go. Out 
upon that ground, even though , as Mr. '*Webster 
held, its breach be treason. And as for the-Nörth, 
so löng as the Federal laws '-remain unbroken, 
and no serious detriment to the public property 
and peace is threatened, cannot she; too,-tole-ratg 
these heated appeals, rebellious -ordinances„and 
too careless handling of gunpowder at Point Mor- 
ris, with equanimity, for the chance Only. of. the 
rehabilitation of- the seceding States? At Icast, 
until the North repeal their nullification -laws, 
would not such equanimity be magnanimity? •Let 
the South desist from further attempts to obstruct 
the collection of the Federal revenues and déspoil 
the property of the Government; let there bc no 
attempt exclude the peopie North and 2 West 
from this Federal District and Capitol, and no at-' 
tempt to shut us who are inland frohl the Gulf-or 
sea; and then what occasion- is there likely-to arise 
in which the North will dare take up m•ms -to 
shoot 01' bayonet southern citizensinto the U'hiön, 
which they only leave, we may hope, construct- 
ively? If, as DOUGLAS argued, war is disunion, 
cannot we who love it BO well afford to be patient 
for the Union ? 
But what a danger is here! Once let the fealty 
to this Government be broken, and who can re- 
strain the, excesses incident thereto? If such 
excesses be committed, there would be aroused a 
I martial spirit which, in rushing to the defense of 
feels her growil'lg power and weight in the Union, and the 
stood the pressure of power. The will of the Atlantic States begin to learn that the scepter rnust one Major Anderson and his men in Fort Sumter, or 
minority, for whose protection constitutions arc day depart from then). 
If, under these ciycuniNtances, the 
to dvenge their death, would do and dare all in 
made, became, through the constituted mode of II Uuion should once bc broken it i8 irnpossible that a the name of our great Republic. Touch nota hair 
amendment, the will of the majority; nay, of the whole territory. 
We slFül be divided into several notions 
State—just as nine States in this Union hold our 
or confederacies, rivals In power and interest, too proud 
Constitution in statu quo, against the will of the 
to brook injury, and too close to make retaliation distant 
remainder. These loyal Frenchmen appealed to 
or inequctual. Our very animosities will, 
like those of 
all other kindred nations, become 'nore (leadjy, because 
the nation against the adherents of the Bourbon, 
Orleans, and Bonaparte. " No," they said, ' 'we 
will not give up the repose of France, at the price 
of quieting apprehension of future revolt. 
thus confined t.he enemies of the Republic to the 
circle of the Constitution, from which they could 
not break without crime. They declared that the 
prolongation of the term of Napoleon was a crime, 
impious and parricidal. When it was said that 
Napoleon would override the Constitution with 
force in 1852, if not before, they answered: "Such 
a crisis will be revolution, arising from a viola- 
tiån of the fundamental compact. 
In that case 
we declare that, enveloped in the flag of France, 
we will do the duty which the salvation of the 
Republic imposes ! " 
On the other hand, it was urged, as it is here 
urged, that if the Constitution was not broken, 
there would be dangers more fatal. By a fore- 
knowledge of disaster, it was urged that the end 
of Napoleon 's term must be a convulsion, which 
the Assembly, acting on an apprehension, ought 
to bind in advance. To save him from perjury, 
a majority of tho Assembly were willing to com- 
mit It themselves. So now, accordink to my 
theory, South Carolina would break the Constitu- 
tion and her oath of fealty, in apprehension of an 
aggression which the President elect, even if he 
would, has no power to commit. 
The summer of 1851 passed in France. Again 
our lineage, laws, and language, are the same. Lot the his- 
tory ot' the Grecian and Italian Republics warn us or otu• 
dangers. 
'l'he national Constitution is our last and our 
only security. 
United we stand, divided we fall." 
Ah ! it is casier to commit than to justify such 
a parricide! But to justify it on an apprehen- 
sion, is neither courageous nor safe. Let South 
Carolina beware! God is just, and history inex- 
orable. 
In leaving the ensign of the stars and 
stripes, she will find no repose beneath her little 
palm. 
It is from Augustus to Augustulus. Her I 
only renown and strength are in the clustered 
States—the bundestaat, as the Germans term it— 
not in selfish, unfraternal, and hostile loneliness. 
When she unbinds the bonds of the Constitution, 
she opens her peace to the chances of that dark i 
of his bead! He is sacred to-day. He embodies 
the patriotism of millions. Accident has made 
him the defender of that flag which has floated 
fro n) Bunker Hill to Mexico. His death would 
open a gulf in which the people would pour; in 
vengeance and in vain, their treasures and their 
children. 
Or if a confederation South propose to control 
the mouths of the Mississippi and its banks, do 
you believe it could be done x.vithout a protest of 
arms? Do you know the history of that acquisi- 
tion, and its vital necessity to the Northwest? I 
hope you have listened to the able recital of mv 
friend from Illinois [Mr. MCCLERNANDJ touching 
these points. 
It would seem, from the news we 
have to-day, that a system of espionao•e, and deten- 
tion by force has already been begun in Missis- 
sippi, upon steamers from the North. That mighty 
river, of two thousand miles extent, one of whose 
tributaries doubles the Parent stream in its length, 
future, so vividly anticipated by the gentleman I with its worth of steamers, doing the 
from Arkansas. 
business of twelve States, with an area of one miE- 
I do not say that I would vote nieans and Inoney 
to repress her revolution. But am I not bound by 
my oath to support the Constitution of the Um- 
ted and not of the disunited States ? 
If 1 do not 
do my ptu•t to carry on this Government, and to 
enforce its laws, have I any business here? Nei- 
ther can I withhold my respect from magistrates 
because they are not my choice. Private opinions 
must give place to public authority. The election 
of Abraham Lincoln, under the forms of the Coa- 
Elitution, however deplorable, cannot be ques- 
tioned with argument or arms. Judge DOUGLAS 
and again had the minority of the Assembly E exhausted the argurnent in his reply to thc Nor- I 
folk questions; and I have no such poor opinion 
cued the Constitution from civil dethronement. 
They triumphed in the forum of reason. But Of any portion of OUL' people as to believe that 
*ion two hundred thousand square miles drained by 
it.s waters—from the snows and timbers of the 
North to the sun and blooms of the South—will 
ever remain in the Union ! It was the necessitvfor 
its useand outlet which, in part, called for the Con- 
stitution seventy-five years ago. As the veteran 
General Cass told me, the sparse population in my 
own State, of which he was one, were even then 
ready to rise in arms, in consequence of a provis- 
ional treaty with Spain, which did not adequately 
provide for the coveted riparian priv_iegcs. 
now, after a usufruct of th ree quarters ofa cen tury, 
of the Wcst, but the protesting voices of nature, 
calling from valley and hill, in summer rains, in 
stay! In a night—in the midst of the debates of I they will question it with arms. South Carolina gold washing streams and smiling cultivation; 
the Assembly—on that fatal December night, the hcrself participated in this clectoin, giving her nay, prom•ess itself, which is the life of the West 
usurper seized the reins of power, and like a thief, voice for her favorite. When, 
therefore, slie 
—which has made it deserve the poet's phrase,ap- 
by a nocturnal surprise, he silenced every voice 
would ignore this election, and break the estab- 
plied to ancient Latium, ubere glebæ, atque potens 
but his own, muzzled the press, struck down the 
lished order for this and other unjustifiable causes 
, i armis—progress, which is the stride ofagod across 
Assembly, transported its leaders without iudg- , 
she runs a fearful risk. Her dcsiiny becomes a I the continent—all these agencies would conspire to 
ment, rnade his Senate of mock dukes, and sur- 
raffle. Insurrection of her slaves t,vili then only redden the Mississippi to float our unequaled prod- 
rounded himself with the bastards of his race. He become a question of opportunity. The slave 
uce between its banks to the sea! It is industry 
illustrated the glory ofa reign based on nullifica- trade will not help, only hasten and aggravate her which would thus decree; and it would execute Its 
tion, force, perjury, and fraud! And is this the 
ills. Perhaps, in the eye of Providence, it was own edict. With us, not gold, nor cotton, but IN- 
banquet to which the American people is invited, her wisest act, when she yielded her assent to DUSTRY ts KING! However homely its attire, it 
by those amono• us who hate Red Ropublicans . 
that Federal covenant which was and is a restraint 
, wears the spiritual purple, and on its brow the cor- 
even worse than black? Let the American fiec- 
• against herself and her slaves and for herself and i onal of bearded grain, impearled with the priceless 
man from this example remember this lesson: If her saföty. That assent and that covenant urere 
sweat of independence. 
it will stretch its scepter 
political compactslike our Constitution be broken , 
the highest expression of the popular will; for from RIVER Unto the ends of the earth! Neither 
the limits of authority are effaced. Right suc- 
they were the voice of the majority, which Jef- imposts, nor tariffs, nor obstructions, nor foreign 
cumbs to force. 
It signifies little whether such ferson called the vital principle of Republics, and control, nor hazard of foreign war, can- hedge in 
acts are done by Executive usurpation, military from which there is no appeal but to force—the 
its empire. These rights of transit and outlet are 
compression, conm•essional action, or State seces- vital rn•incipie and immediate parent of despotism. 
ours by use by purchase, by possession ; and 
sion; the Government. is gone: States which will 
Before risking such chances, cannot the South they will remain. 
