1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
leave 10 be decided but the one great overmasterino 
problem, Union or disunion; if in the presence of 
this hard solitary question, they are left to decide 
it, and peril -come from their decision, which 
conservative men cannot avert, there will ring 
out from the yearning patriotic heart ofthc mighty 
West, it may be in agony and despail 
• '—the (Jmon, 
now and forever, one and indivisible. It must and 
shall be preserved ! 
I warn the Republican party that they will need 
the aid of the patriotic men of the North to sus- 
tain their Executive. This revolution is reserv- 
ing its more •effectual overt acts foF Republican 
rule. What then? It will have become stroncr 
by coöperation. No Republican Administration 
can entörce the law, unless the Republican State 
authorities first place themselves right before the 
Governments. By the 4th of March, South Car- 
olina will have the Gulf States united. It will 
appeal to that economic law which is stronger 
than sentiment. By its appeal to the interests of 
the cotton States it will succeed in securing coöp- 
eration. 
Before we enter upon a career offorcc, let us ex- 
haust every effort at peace. Let us seek to excite 
love in others by the signs of love in ourselves. 
Let there be no needless provocation and strife. 
Let every reasonable attempt at compromise be 
considered. Otherwise we have a terrible alter- 
native. War, in this age and In this country, 
sir, should be the ultimo ratio. 
Indeed, it may 
well be questioned whether there is any reason in 
it or for It. What a war! Endless in its hate, 
without truce and without mercy. If it ended 
ever, it would only be after a fearful struggle; and 
then with a heritage of hate which would forever 
forbid harmony. Henry Clay forewarned us of 
such a war. His picture of Its consequences 1 
recall in his own language: 
I will not attempt to deseribe scones which now happily 
lie concealed from our view. Abolitionists themselves 
would shrink back ill disfnay and horror at the contempla- 
ti6n of desolated fields, conflagrated cities, murdered in- 
habitants, and the overthrow of the fairest fabric of human 
government that ever rose to animate the. hopes of civilized 
znan. Nor should the Abolitionists flatter themselves that, 
if they can succeed in their object of uniting the people of 
the free States, they will enter the contest with numerical 
superiority that must insure victory. All history and ex- 
periencc proves the hazard and uncertainty of war. Alld 
we are admonished by Holy Writ that the race is not to the 
swift, nor the battle to the strona. 
But if they were to conquer, whom would they conquer ? 
A foreign löe—one who had insulted our flag, invaded our 
shores, and laid our country waste? No, sir; no. It would 
be a conquest without laurels, without glory—a self, a sui- 
cidal conquest—a conquest of brothers over brothers, 
achieved by one over another portion of the descendants 
-of common ancestors, who nobly pledging their lives, their 
fortunes, and their sacred honor, ha(l taught and bled, side 
by side, in many ah hard battle on land and occan, severed 
our country from tttc British Crown, and established our 
national independence." 
Such a war is the almost unavoidable result of 
a dissolution of this Confederacy. Mr. Madison 
(No. 61, Federalist) urged as a reason for the 
Union , that it destroyed every pretext for a mili- 
tar y establishment; " but its dissolution,' 
said 
he, will be the date of a new order of things. 
Fear and ambition would make America copy 
Europe, and present liberty everywhere crushed 
between standing armies and perpetual taxes. 
He augured for a disunited America a worse con- 
dition than that of Europe. Would it not be so? 
Small States and great States; new States and 
old States; slave States and free States; •Atlantic 
States and Pacific States; gold and silver States; 
iron and copper States; grain States and lumber 
Statcs; river States and lake Statés; all having 
varied interests and advantages, would seek supe- 
riority in armed strength. Pride, animosity, and 
glory, would inspire every movement. God shield 
our country from such a fulfillment of the proph- 
esy of the revered founders of the Union. Our 
struggle would be no short, sharp struggle. Law, 
and even religion herself, would become false to 
their divine purpose. Their voice would no 
longer be the voice of God, but of his enemy. 
Poverty, i&norance, oppression, and its hand- 
maid, cowardice, breaking out into merciless cru- 
elty; slaves false; freemen slaves, and society 
itself poisoned at the cradle and dishonored at the 
grave—its life, now so fuli of blessings, would be 
gone with the life ofa fraternal and united State- 
hood. What sacrifice is too great to prevent I 
such a calamity? Is such a picture overdrawn ? 
Already its outlines appear. What means the 
inaucural of Governor Pickens, when he says, 
" from the position we may occupy towards the 
northern States, as well as from our own internal 
structure of society, the government may, from 
necessity, becovne strongly military in its organiza- 
tion MT hat means the minule-men of Governor 
Wise? What the southern boast that they have 
a rifle or shot-gun to each family? What means 
the Pittéburg mob? What this alacrity toaave 
Forts Moultrie and Pinckney ? What means the 
boast of the southern men of being the best armed 
people in the world, not counting the two hun- 
dred thousand stand of United States arms stored 
in southern arsenals? Already Georgia has her 
arsenals, with eighty thousand muskets! What 
mean these lavish grants of money by southern 
Legislatures to buy more arms? What mean 
these rumors of arms and force on the Missis- 
sippi? These few facts have already verified the 
prophesy of Madison as to a disunited Republic. 
Mr. Speaker, he alone is just to his country; 
he alone has a mind unwarped by section, and a 
memory unparalyzed by fear, who warns against 
precipitancy. He who could hurry this nation 
to the rash wager of battle, is not fit to hold the 
seat of legislation. What can justify the breaking 
up of our institutions into belligerent fractions? 
Better this marble Capitol were leveled to the 
dust; better wore this Congress struck dead in its 
deliberations; better an immolation of every am- 
bition and passion which here have met to shake 
the foundations of society, than the hazar(l of 
these consequences! 
As yet, I do not believe that the defensive conduct 
of the Executive involves these consequences. 
Nay, I hope that firmness in resisting aggression, 
with the, kindness which he has endeavored to 
show, may do much to avert them. Certainly 
weakness and indecision now will not avail to 
check the rising tide of public sentiment, and pre- 
serve the public peace. 
I a ree with much that my friends from Illi- 
nois, Mr. MCCLERNAND,] New York, [Mr.'SxcK- 
LES,] and Ohio, [Mr. VALLANDIGHAM,] have said 
as to the interests, dignity,and rights of their own 
sections. 
I will not now go into any calculation 
or contemplation about the results of u dissever- 
ance of this Union. Long may it be averted—that 
picture. of Ohio, as the narrow isthmus betwccn 
a broken East and a divided West, with a hostile 
southern border! Long may it be averted—that 
sad picture of New York, a great free emporium, 
trading to all the world, and closed agamst the 
interchange of her own inland ! We have gloom 
enough without these new schemes of division. 
I invoke the. better spirit. of him who never spake 
so truly prophetic as a statesman, as when he 
combined in his speaking thc great truths ofa com- 
prehensive political economy—as when Wash- 
Ington said: 
In contcmplating the causes which may disturb our 
Union, it occurs as a matter of scrious concern that any 
ground should havc been furnished for characteri%ing par- 
ties by geographical discriminations, northern and south- 
ern, Atlantic and western, whence designing men may en- 
deavor to incite a belief that there is a real difiiffence of 
local interests and views. You cannot shield yourselves 
too much against the jealousies and heart-burnings which 
spring from these misrepresentations. They tend to ren- 
der alien to each other those who ought to be bound to- 
gether by fraternal affection." 
In these days of anticipated trouble, when finan- 
Cial disaster tracks the step of political infidelity; 
when the violation of compact is followed close 
by the intemperate zealotry of revolution; when 
even the property of our Union is seized, and our 
flag is torn down under its impulses; when, as if 
premonitory of some great sacrifice, the vail of 
our political temple seems rent, and the earth 
about usquakcs, and the very graves give up their 
, dead, who come forth to warn, beseech, advise, 
and moderate—in this hour of our country 's 
deepest gloom and peril, let us heed with an all- 
embracing and all-compromising patriotism, the 
warning of Washington, whose voice, though he 
be dead, yet speaketh from yonder tomb at Mount 
Vernon, and whose august presence would 
summon here as the PRESERVER of that country 
whosegreatest pride it is to hail him as its FATHER ! 
In his sacred name, and on behalf of a people 
who have ever heeded his warnings, and never 
wavered in the just defense of the South as of the 
North, I appeal to southern men who contem- 
plate a step so fraught with hazard and strife, to 
pause. Clouds are about us! There is lightning 
In their frown! Cannot we direct it harmlessly 
to the earth? The morning prayer. 
of the people I speak for in such. weakness nsee 
in strength to that Supreme Ruler- who, 
ing the fall of a sparrow, cannot! disregard the-fall 
of a nation, that our States may continue. M)' beZ 
as they have been—one; one in the unreserve of 
u mingled national being; one as the though' of 
God is one! 
[Here Mr. Cox's hour expired; but, by unan• 
imous consent Of the House, he was allowed to 
go on and conclude his remarks.] 
These emblems above us, in their canopy of 
beauty, each displaying the symbol- of State ins 
terest, State pride, and State sovereignty, let not 
onc of them be dimmed by the rude breath of 
passion, ofeffaced by the ruder stioke of enmity, 
They all shine, like stars differing in glory, In 
their many-hued splendors, by the light of the 
same orb, even as our States receive their luster 
from the Union, which irradiates and glorifies 
each and all. 
Our aspirations and hopes- center in the proud 
title of American citizen. Whether we hail from 
the land of granite or the everglade of flöwers; 
from the teeming bosom of the West, the sea- • 
washed shore of the East, or the gold-bedring 
sierras of the Pacific slope—all are Imbound by 
the same rigol of American patriotism. Abroad, 
at horne, in palace or in cabin, in ship or on laud, 
we rejoice in that proud distinction of American 
citizen. We look upon our nationality as the 
actual of that ideal described by Edmund Burke 
in a strain of finished eloquence and sublimest 
philosophy—as something better than a partner- 
ship in a trade, to be taken up for a temporary 
interest and dissolved at the fancy of the parties. 
We look upon it with other reverence, because it 
is not a partnership in things subservient only to 
a gross animal existence of perishable nature. 
It is a partnership in all science; a partnership in 
all art; a partnership in cvery virtue and in all 
perfection. As the ends of such a partnership 
cannot be obtained in many generations, it be- 
comes a partnership not only between those who 
arc living; but between those who are living, those 
who are dead, and those who are to be born. 
Each contract of each State is but a clause in the 
great primeval contract of ETERNAL SOCIETY, link- 
mg the lower •.vith the higher natures, connecting 
the visible with the invisible world, according to 
a fixed compact, sanctioned by the inviolable oath 
which holds all physical, all moral natures, each 
in their appointed place. 
Thus, regarding our NATIONALITY as more than 
a life, as the association of many lives in one, as 
an immortality rather than a life, the people of 
this country will cling to it with a tenacity of pur- 
pose and an energy of will, as to the very cross 
of their temporal salvation, and revere it as the im- 
personation of their sovereign upon earth, whose 
throne is this goodly land, and whose mighty 
minstrelsy, ever playing before it, is the voice of 
an intelligent, happy, and free people ! 
Mr. REAGAN obtained the floor. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle- 
man from Texas give way to a motion that the 
committee rise? 
Mr. REAGAN. 1 will be governed by the 
wishes of the committee. can go on with what 
I have to say this evening, if the committee pre- 
fer. 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from 
Texas must cither yield or decline to yield. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 would ask the 
gentleman from Texas, if he does not intend to 
give way, that he will allow* me a moment of his 
time to-night. 
Mr. REAGAN. I want to discuss some ques- 
tions without preparation, and I would not be 
willing to yield any portion of my time. I will 
take the sense of the committee as to whether or 
not I shall go on. 
I will yield to the gentleman 
if it will not be taken out of my time. 
The CHAIRMAN. That can only be done 
by unanimous consent. 
Mr. CURTIS. Well, I will make the motion 
that the committee rise, ifthc gentleman will yield 
for that purpose. 
Mr. REAGAN. 1 will yield to that motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr. Gnow 
having taken the chair as Speakerprotempore, Mr. 
0 WASHBURNE, •of Illinois, reported that the com- 
mittee had, according to order, had the state of 
