1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
383 
the time for passing a Pacific railroad bill. Let 
this matter go over. Let us take up the. propo- 
sitions of the Senator fro» Kentucky. Letus sub- 
mit to the people some niethod by which the diff- 
culties that surround us, •and which appeal to every 
patriot in the country, can be averted, and peace 
restored to the country, so that the States that 
have left us may be invited to return upon terms 
that 'Vili afford security to them. Would the Sen- 
ator have a railroad at the expense of the Union ? 
Would he place• it in the power of that party 
who disregard the Constitution; who disregard 
their obligations to the country; who trample 
upon the decision of the Suprcmc Court; who 
will not respect a single guarantee to which the 
States are entitled under the Constitution; who 
have said on the floor of the Senate, and in his 
presence, to the southern States: " We have you 
now surrounded; we intend to hem you in; you 
shall submit to our rule, and to your destiny;" 
showiw as plain as language can express it that 
it is their purpose, not only to hem in, to fence 
around the southern States of this country, but 
to destroy their institutions? Would he consider 
a railroad bill now in preference to the adoption 
of measures that would secure rights to these 
States that are to be trampled upon and literally 
crushed out by a party who would inaugurate 
and bring about negro equality in this country; 
who would free the negroes of the South, and bring 
them to New York and the other northern States, 
and introduce them there upon an equal foot.ing 
with the laborers of that portion of OUI' country, 
to compete with them in their labor, and who 
would allow them to vote? And then this party 
say to us, when war comes, we will have a utiited 
North to go down against the South, and destroy 
it, and to bring about this negro equality. They 
expect the Germans, the Irish, and the Demo- 
crats, who have struggled to maintain the rights 
of all the States, who have stood firmly by the 
Constitution, will help to establish negro equality, 
and that these good people will go under the Rc- 
publican banner to do it. 
1 say they will never 
engage in any such cause. 
I allude to all these things in order to satisfy 
the honorable Senator and his constituents that I 
am with them in favor of the Pacific railroad; but 
I dq not belicvö this bill to. be a good one. 
I said so before; and 
not think it ought to pass. 
voted for its-indefinite postponement with the 
hope that something could be done to save the 
country. Another Congre:ss can attend to this 
matter. When Congress shall again assemble, 
the Senator from California or his colleague will 
be here; and if we should have peace, they can 
take up the railroad bill and pass it. 
1 should 
hail its passage with as much pleasure as he. 
will go on the mounto.in tops and light up the 
beacon fires, and rcioice over the passacye of a 
railroad bill, when ihe time comes to do it, when 
it is proper to do it, apd when a good railroad 
bill, such-a one as 1 know he would introduce if 
he had the opportunity, shall have passcd Con- 
gross. 
There is another objection to this bill. 
vides for making two railroads—a southern and a 
northern railroad—to terminate at San Francisco. 
Well, sir, I will go for both these roads at the 
proper time. I wrould go for two or three rail- 
roads to terminate at San Francisco. I appreciate 
its importance as much as the Senator from Cal- 
ifornia does. I know it is irnportant to us in 
Oregon. I know we are identified with California. 
We look to California as the great portion of the 
Pacifw. We go there to purchase everything arid 
to sell everything; and I am, and intend to bc, as 
true to California as he is; but I submit to him, and 
I submit to other members from the Pacific coast, 
whether they would not like, when they see the 
northern road that is to terminate at San Fran- 
cisco reach the Sacramento valley, that a branch 
should be provided to follow the Sucr,mnento 
river? It affords a natural passage through the 
mountains to the Chasta valley, in which stands 
Yreka, one of the flourishing town of that State. 
Then it is of easy access to {he Rogue River val- 
ley, and that opcns communication with the Ump- 
qua valley, and that again opens communication 
with the Wii*amette valley. There is no formi- 
dable obstruction ut all to making the road. ft is 
the finest route in the world for a railroad, term- 
inating at Portland, a seaport town, where ships 
of almost any class cun arrive; they enter the 
Columbia, and come to Portland. Then, a branch 
or road can be extended by the Columbia river 
valley, by the Cowlitz, over a level country to 
Pugct Sound. Thus you would accommodate 
the whole Pacific coast. Why should the State 
of Oregon and the Territory of Washington bé 
cut ofF entirely, and forced to travel seven hun- 
dred miles by land, or more than that by water, 
to reach San Francisco, to avail themselves of the 
benefit•o$ this road ? Should it not extend through 
the Sacramento valley up that river, by the route 
I have mentioned, to Portland ? 
I ask the representatives from the Pacific coast 
whether they will vote for such an amendment, 
whether they will vote to extend this road over 
the best portion of the Pacific coast? The valleys 
I mention are larger in extent and Inore fertile and 
productive than any other portion of the Pacific 
coast. That road would afford them an opportun- 
ily of bringino• everything they have to San Fran- 
cisco. Will Senators say that all these roads 
shall concentrate or terminate at San Francisco, 
and that the State of Oregon and Territory of 
Washington shall have no part or lot in the mat- 
ter? Is that just to that portion of the country? Is 
it right (hat two roads shall terminate at San 
Francisco , and no man shall raise his voice in favor 
of extending it on a route that is entirely easy, and 
vv'hich can be made at as littic expense as it can 
up the Platte valley, from the Sacramento valley 
up the Sacrzunento river, which makes a natural 
pass to Chasta valley, and then there is no ob- 
struction to Portland. Jt is almost a level coun- 
try. T herc are but two obstructions by passes 
through which the road can pass. Everybody 
that has been in the Willamette valley will see 
that there IS nothing hardly to do there but to lay 
down the timbers, put on the rails, and set the cars 
runnmff. 
When you get to Portland, you have reached 
the ocean six hundred miles north of San Fran- 
Cisco, and in a direct line to China; for, as I said 
the other day, vessels sailing from San Francisco 
for China, all go up our coast by the Columbia 
river and further up by Puget Sound, or rather 
a little west of it, and strike across to China. It 
is the nearest route. I say •again, when you have 
reached Portland, you can then reach Puget 
Sound, the finest inland sea in the world. There 
is not such a sheet of water on the face of the 
earth. There is an entrance without obstruction, 
and a harbor suflicient for all the shipping of the 
world. Why shut oul thal harbor? Why will 
not rny friend be generous, and say, that when 
this northern route reaches the Sacramento, it 
shall be provided that one branch shall be ex- 
tended on through Oregon to Puget Sound? Shall 
we be cut off? Is that portion of the country in 
which I live, and which extends from 420 to 490, 
to be entirely deprived of the advantages and ben- 
cfits ofa railroad which it is attempted to hurry 
through Congress without any opportunity to 
amend? 
If this amendment can bc madc, and if proper 
guards can be inset•tcd in the bill, that will make 
it secure, then I should vote for it wit.h great pleas- 
are, if I believed at this moment it was the duty 
of Congress to pass it. 
I would vote it anyhow, 
but that this is an unfortunate time to pass a rail- 
road bill. Let Senators provide for all that por- 
tion of the country; let them be just to Oregon, 
just to Washington, and eslablisll a line that will 
open the connmerce of the world through Wash- 
incyton Territory by the 'Willamette valley route 
straight to New York. Then they will have ac- 
complished much. But the gentlemen who can 
urge two routes to terminate at San Fral'lcisco, 
without providing for this other portion of the 
country, disregard the interests of all that por- 
tion of the country lying north of San Francisco. 
While I intend to be just to San Francisco and to I 
California, 
and to. every voter in it, I think it is 
but right to be just to the other portion of our• 
country lying north of it. Let us deal fairly; let 
this bill be amended; let it be well considered; let 
and the principal -route that has been looked upon 
until very recently for this railroad, the- centråi 
route , must pass through the Sierra Nevada;mounta 
ains at the head of the Sacramento. river, nearly 
one half of the way, hundreds Of mils north-of 
Sacramento city. The road is •to pass-to Saci•a• 
mento if it goes over that route; so that,t-he athehå- 
ment of the Senator to make a road from- Sacra• 
mento to Portland, when for hundreds of miles 
this route must travel the same region of country 
before it gets to Sacramento; would not accom- 
plish his purpose. It seems to me, -his amend& 
ment, if he proposes one, should be to run the road 
north, if it goes on the surveyed route, the, one 
that has always been recognized as the route over 
which the road must pass, to strike the head waters 
of the Sacramento river and go north to Pörtland. 
Bat, Mr. President, the Senator himself' has 
answered (very weakly against this bill, in my 
judgment, but very powerfully against his own 
amendmen t) his own ardent appeal for this branch 
and that is, it can wait. He says the whole bill, 
the great Pacific railroad, can wait.. 
ment of the Senator is good against -the whole 
bill, is it not good against an amendment in which 
two States and a Territory alone are interested? 
If I understand the public sentiment of Qregon 
and Washington Territory, they do not.wish that 
connection . 
I do; for if the amendmentshould 
be adopted, it •.vould touch an important settion 
of my own State. This road will be built by pri• 
vate enterprise to a certainty , in time, without any 
aid of the Government. It will go through a splen- 
did country in Oregon, California, and Washing- 
ton Territory. It is a natural route, with very few 
grades. Give us t.his great connection with the 
Atlan tic States, and, in Iny iudgment, so far as Cal- 
ifornia and Washiæbon q erritory is concerned, 
and I believe his own State, we shall ask no aid 
of the Government to make that connection.- I 
should be very glad to aid in anything, if did 
not jeopardize the great measure itself, that would 
look to a connection with my own State, as well 
as to Lake Superior. 
But, sir, so far as the Senator's arguments are 
concerned with regard to the resolutions of the 
Senator from Kentucky, there is this difference 
between him and me: am for both measures. 
I am for this bill, and I am for those resolutions. 
It would be scarcely possible for the Senator from 
Kentucky to present a proposition here in favor 
of the constitutional rights of the South that I 
would not vote for. 
I will go a great deal further 
in the way of protection than that Senator has 
, proposed to go. My position in regard to those 
questions is well known, althouch I have never 
look upon the 
forced them upon the Senate. 
representatives of the Pacific coast as occupying 
a peculiaf position here—an advisory position. 
They should, if' possible, throw oil on the troubled 
waters, and not present opinions here when they 
are not effective to accomplish good. I always 
vote on the side that I think will preserve- thc 
Union, and remove these sectional diffculties•y 
but there is no slavery within two thousand miles 
of our coast, and therefore I •have only once, in 
my whole senatorial term, said anything on the 
subject at all, and that was merely as a precau- 
tionary argument against certain political move- 
ments. 
I will not detain the Senate on this subject. 
shall vote for the resolutions of the Senator from 
Kentucky in cvery form in which they shall come 
up; and they sh0Ltld bc made a great deal stronger 
than he has made them, if rny vote could do it. 
I do not wish to interfere with those propositions; 
but I look upon it that every man, woman, and 
child in my State expects me to aid in the pas- 
sage of this bill as it is, and i am representing the 
united and unanimous sentiment of mv own State. 
There is my duty, and I must that-duty. 
The people of that State believe that this is the 
best Union-savinsr measure that could be brought 
before the Congress of the United States. 
Mr. BAKER. What has been said, Mr. 
us advise whether this is the proper time for its 
ident, in relation to this northern road, compels 
passage, and if it is, let it go through providing ! me, to say a very few words, which 
for all the country on that coast, which can be 
I trust my friends here, and, indeed, upon both 
sides of the Chamber, wilÄ attend to. I am go_ing 
done at very little additional expense. 
Mr. G WIN. Mr. President, I will answer 
to vote for the bill as it is, as nearly-as [ can, 
briefly some of thc arcruments of the Senator from 
Ill the first place, he says there ought 
Oreo•on. 
to be provision made for a route from Sacramento 
to Portland. Why, sir, one of the >grveyedroutes, 
without any amendments or alterations; and I am 
going to do so, while as I believe 'I represent a 
constituency further north -thun any other gentle- 
man upon this floor. I am going to vote against. 
