384 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 15, 
although I am told that the northern route pro- 
posed will benefit the immediate people whom I 
represent, very greatly. While I do so, I know 
that I shall be misapprehended—I will not say 
misrepresented-—-at home. I know the argumcnt 
will bear upon me as heavily as it can bear upon 
any gentleman upon this side of the Chamber 
who may vote as I do, that I am not voting for 
the immediate interests of my constituents by 
bringing the road near their homes, and through 
their farms. I must rneet that as I may. 
I desire to say here, now, and to give Itas much 
publicity as I can, just this: having lived for ten 
years upon the Pacific coast, where our whole 
hopes have been directed toward some road, I 
see, at last, a prospect of accomplishing that re- 
I have observed, with great 
sult by this bill. 
care, the struggle in the other House; and I have 
seen that, by an overwhelming vote, the propo- 
sition for a northern route has been therc defeated. 
I am sure—and I take the advice of all the ori- 
ginal friends of the bill around me—that to incor- 
porate any amendment in the bill now, will defeat 
In that 
It for this session, and possibly forever. 
condition, quite alive to the intcrests of my con- 
stituents, quite sure that my conduct may bc the 
subject of misapprehension or misrepresentation, 
quite sure that all that strong feeling of locality 
for our State, our road, may be brought to bear 
upon me in future, yet risking my justification 
upon the great idca that I believe I am doing the 
best I can to promote the connection between the 
Atlantic and the Pacific now, I shall vote for these 
roads; and if, hereafter, here or elsewhere, my 
vote may ever be brougl'Et in question, I have but 
this to say: no man who can observe the condi- 
tion in which this bill is to-dw in the Senate, can 
do otherwise than know—and I say with empha- 
sis, know—that unless we do, within a very föw 
days, pass tl•ne measure substantially us it is, we 
cannot pass it at tl'lis session, and we risk it. for- 
ever. Hereafter, whethler here 01' at home, I 
shall say this in my defense, and make no otl'ler. 
The bill, in my judgment, is fhr from perfect. 
As an original bill ; I think—as I have said, I bc- 
lieve, before—there ought to be but one road, one 
great highway of nations and ofcmpires; not for 
one country, nor for one Government, 
nor fo r 
one day, nor for one generation, but för all the 
and all the advancing generations who 
world, 
may partake of its benefits and its blessings. But 
in an age of compromises, aud in a Government 
of compromises, find that we have, after ten 
years, accommodated ourselves to each other's 
opinion; so that now, with two roads, we may 
pass a bill; may get it through this body, and It 
may receive the sanction of the President of the 
Umtcd States. Shall l, can I, dare r, risk this 
measure, to which the hopes, the prayers, the 
aspirations, of so many thousands, and hundreds 
of thousands, distant very fur from here, have 
been directed so tong? Can l, shall l, dare l, 
defeat it? And with all humility, without ofün•- 
ing my own example for other people to follow 
at all, 1 hope I may say to my friends on this 
side of the Chamber: Gentlerncn, if the road docs 
not suit you in its locality; if you want onc more 
or one less, let me beseech you, unless you see 
that probably you can do something else better, 
take this now, lest indeed we lose all. 
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the question 
pending before us is, I think, on the, motion of 
the Senator from Minnesota, 10 refer the bill to a 
special committee. I hoX)e the Senator will with- 
draw that motion, and that the Senate will go on 
and perfect the bill as near as we possibly can. 
If it needs amendments—and I am sure it does— 
or would be improved by some small amend- 
ments, I think they may be safely adopted here, 
and will be adopted in the other House. 
terial amendments, amendments of great import- 
ance, are proposed, they defeat the bill altogether; 
and therefore I concur with the remarks made by 
the Senator from Oregon. 
Sir, I am very sorry that every time this ques- 
tion comes up, or any question of great practical 
their principles exactly; and it is not his place to 
any material amendment, or, indeed, any at all, 
charge me with misrepresenting anything. 
Mr. WILSON. well, Mr. President, 1 am 
sorry that the Senator does not understand us 
If he did understand us better, I think 
better. 
he would not speak of us as he does. 
I do not 
say that the Senator's head has been turned by 
the result of the election through which we have 
passed, but I fear the Senator's heart ht'+ been 
changed; for no Senator, since Congress opened, 
has so habitually, when upon the floor,' used lan- 
guage here that is calculated to wound the feelings 
of Senators, or to misrepresent them before the 
country. 
Mr. LANE. I desire to say, Mr. President, 
if the Senator will allow me, that it has been my 
purpose to speak the truth, and nothing but the 
truth; and I have never intentionally misrepre- 
sented anybody. I will say further to the Sena- 
tor, that I have held the same doctrines always, 
that I have held since the election; that my heart, 
It has been devoted 
has not changed a particle. 
to this country, to all of it; and to every Statc of 
this Union, and to Othe rights of every State, and 
It never has changed on that subject. 
shall be. 
1 intend to deal justly and rightly by every por- 
tion of the country, and call things by the names 
that I think the language used by the leaders jus- 
tifies me in doing; and I beg him not to charge me 
with misrepresenting. He may charge me with 
a mistake; but I never misrepresent. 
Mr. WILSON, well, Mr. President, 1 hope 
it is nothing more than a mistake; but I advise 
that Senator, if he does desire to do justice; if he 
does desire to stand by the rights of all sections 
of this country, and to do justice to all political 
organizations and public men, to study more care- 
fully tho position of the men he speaks of so freely 
He tells us that this is no time 
upon this floor. 
to act on this question. He seems to think that 
we have a country. tell that Senator, to- 
I day, we have Government of the United States 
of America, and we have a United States. 
1 see 
nothing in all that has transpired in any portion 
of' this country, and I see nothing in what it is 
proposed to do in any portion of the country, that 
revcnts us having a Government of the United 
tates, and being the Republic of the United 
States. 
I have always 
Now, sir, I am for this bill. 
been for a Pacific railroad ; for a great central route 
am willing to go for n 
across the continent. 
southern route as a local route, or för a northern 
route; and I should like to go for both. And to- 
day, as we cannot have a central route without a 
southern route, if [ could have my way—if I could 
amend this bill—I would change it. 
I would re- 
duce the $60,000,000 proposed t.o be ndva n cod 
on 4he central route to $50,000,000; extend the 
one mile reservation on each side of the roåd to 
six miles, thus increasing the land grant; I would 
reduce the amount on the southeFn route from 
to and have the road 
c.otne out on the Pacific ocean at San Diego; and 
then I would give to a northern route 
to go frorn Lake Superior to Puget Sound. 'I'hat 
would add some fourteen million dollars to the 
amount of the present bill; arid I would vote for 
it that way. But I must say that i think the time 
has come when wo should pass some sort of a 
Pacific railroad bill; and therefore I shaft have to 
stand with those who are the most deeply inter- 
ested; for we all that the Senators who rep- 
resent thc Pacific coast here perhaps are more 
I deeply interested than we are upon the Atlantic, 
and I am willing to follow their lead in this mat- 
ter. 
Now, in regard to so much of this bill as com- 
mite the enterprise to certain gentlelnen named in 
it, there may bc persons named who ought not 
to be there. I think there are some; but they will 
be found to be few in number, and of no signifi- 
cance. No great harm can come of it. 
'Ilhere 
are certain names in the country identified with 
the railroad interests of this country—railway 
importance here, the Senator from Oregon [Mr. I 
LANE] should take tho floor and pour out his mis- 
representations and abuse of the Republican par- 
I say that that Senator— 
ty. I regret it. 
Mr. LANE. If the Senator will allow me, 1 
will say to him now that never misrepresent 
anybody. speak of them just as understand l, 
kings, I may call thean—mel') of great power in 
the construction, orcranization, 
and running of 
railvvays, yvhose nmnes ought to be in tho bill; 
but I think I can say that most of those ment.ioned 
in the bill are gcntlemen of intelligence, of per- 
sonal character, of individual honor; men of large 
experience, men of capacity, men who will search 
out in all sections of this country other gentlemen 
of character and capacity to be united with them 
in this movement; and names which are now left 
out of this bill will be sought for and brought 
into this work. 
Sir, this is no small matter. 
It will takc the 
united energies of all the men in this country who 
are interested in the construction of this road to 
carry it through. But it is objected here that vv•e 
have no security in regard to the payment of the 
interest or principal of the bonds which are to be 
advanced. For myself, I intend to vote for this 
bill with the fullest •.onviction that the annual in- 
terest, and the bonds themselves, must ultimately 
I regard it as a 
be paid by the United States. 
very small amount, if a hundred million or a 
hundred and fifty million dollars can unite the 
Atlantic with the Pacific coast, and develop the 
vast interests of this country in the central re- 
gions of the continent. And, sir, I think if we 
can have this encouragement, if the 
proposed to be advanced by this bill can com- 
plete these- two railroads, I should consider it a 
cheap way of getting them, even if every dollar 
of the money should afterwards be lost to the 
1 do not believe that gentlemen 
Government. 
who invest capital in these roads are to make 
money. If the roads were finished to-day, and 
put in good order, I do not think they would be 
very profitable. Our experience all over the coun- 
try shows that they would not. But, sir, I have 
the deepest convictions that it is of importance to 
commence this work, and that we ought to have 
commenced it eight or ten years ago. We have 
not done so. We have waited until this hour; 
und now the House of Representatives has passed 
It was reported at the last session of 
this bill. 
Congress; reported by u large cornmittee, a com- 
mittee of intelligence, sought out and selected for 
It is not so- perfect as I 
this special pnrpose. 
could wish it; but it is here; it is before us; and 
I hope we shall cling to it until wre perfect it, and 
pass it through the Senate of the United States. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, 1 do not 
propose to prolong the discussion ; but as I intend 
to vote for the motion proposed by the Senator 
from Minnesota, [Mr. WILKINSON,] I wish to 
I trust 
give the reasons that influence my vote. 
that I am as sensibly alive to tho importance of 
tl')e measure under consideratiop as nny other 
believe that this is a 
gentleman on this floor. 
measure of vast importance, not only to the coun- 
try and to the Union, but to mankind. I am in 
fhvor of a Pacific railroad, and I am in favor of 
the Govern rnentextellding its aid in the construc- 
tion of such a road; but, sir, I am not in favor of 
three roads, as is proposed by the amendment 
offered bv the Senator from Minnesota [Mr. RICE] 
to the Mouse bill; nor yet am I in favor of two 
roads, as is proposed by the House bill. 
as I said before, in favor of a Pacific railroad, but 
I tim not in favor of three roads; nor yet of' two 
roads with double terminations to each of, those 
roads; and, in one case, by the House 
bill,double terminations some two hundred miles 
in length; and, with respect to the southern route, 
double terminations extending throughout the 
State of Texas, four, five, or six hundred miles 
perhaps, and double terminations, or, what is 
tantamount to that, centerino• at San Francisco , in 
California, forming a connected chain of railroad 
almost the entire length of that State. 
am in favor of one road, to begin Somewhere 
near the point indicated by the amendment which 
was proposed by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. 
POLK,] and which was carried in the Senate, run- 
nincr as nearly on a direct line as possible to the 
city of San Francisco, and there to end. 01 do 
not think that we should, in our anxiety and 
desire to a railroad, construct two or three 
beside it in order to effect that end. I do not 
think we should pledge the revenues of the Gov- 
ernment to the amount of nearly one hundred 
million dollars, besides acres of lands to an equal 
amount, for the purpose of securing one object; 
and if two or three roads are constructed, in• my 
humble judgment, it will not only require untold 
millions to construct them, but to keep them in 
running order. 
I am unwilling, standing here as a trustee, 
having some small part to enact in the disposal 
of the public moneys, to act differently from the 
mode in which I would act as an individual dis- 
I say to the friends of 
posing of my own funds. 
this measure, if a great highway cannot be con- 
structed from the valley of the Mississippi to 
