386 
THE CONGRESSIONALGLOBE. 
January 15, 
the provisions of the act. Therefore, the mort' : Æ)orate.acts_ shall first bc submitted to us, to ena- yet we hear of such things every day on this side 
gage, is- narrowed down, not as a first mortgage ble us to- see whether they are right and proper of-the continent; and J so much 
Is there anything about it, and seeing so much about it every day, 
in themselves. That is all. 
on the whole road to securc the Government for 
that there is some truth in what I do sce and hear, 
the whole amount of its advancements, but sim- wrong in that? 
One Senator tells me it will produce delay. for the newspapers are fil\ed with it, that by lobby 
ply to secure the Government according to the 
terms of the act, and -in that particular way; and Another Senator says the Government will bc influences, money, and influence of one kind or 
amply secured, because the whole thing is to go other, schemes are carried through, and after they 
if the.sum to be paid by the Government for trans- 
portation does not amount to the interest on the, before the Attorney General. The Senator from arc carried through, and ib is Loo late to defeat 
thern, we find that it was altogether wrong, alto- 
and, to -the principal, the Government California says he does not want any amendment, 
never will be reimbursed, and never can be reim- that he is for a Pacific railroad, he is for this bili gether improper, that any such powers should 
I and no other; or rather hc is for any bill, and he have been delegated to any set Of men. 
I But the Senator says he is witling to trust them. 
burged. 
Now, I ask any gentleman on the other side to is afraid to amend this bill because, perchance, it 
he. is willing to ti•ust anybody or any set 
Is that Yes, sir; 
make an estimate Of the cost of transporting the puts in icopardy the passage of the bill. 
a sufficient reason? Is that a reason why we of people if they will give him a railroad to the 
mails at the highest price paid to any railroad for 
should abdicate our power hcrc entirely? I protest Pacific ocean, built at the expense of everybody 
service once daily—$230 a mile—and see whether 
i think 
against it. Whenever I or any other gentleman i else than his own constituents. That is it. 
it will pay more than three or four hundred thou- 
sand dollars a year. Besides, as the country is offers an amendment here, he is held up as an I may say that without doing any injusticc to the 
settléd up, if it is ever settled up, the Government enemy of tho bill, and his purpose is said to be to Senator, who has always worked hard for his 
pcople, has done them a great deal of good service, 
will not want this immense amount of transporta- 
tion. I presume that the Senator from California 
supposes that, in time to come, they will make 
sufficient supplies on the Pacific coast for all the 
military force that it will be necessary to keep 
there. So of the intermediatc line; and whenever 
that is the case, of course the Government has 
nothing to pay for transportation, becausc thc 
transportation is not needed; and so of' the mails. 
So, sir, for all these reasons, I entirely agree 
with the Senator from Massachusetts; I think hc 
is right; that we must regard this bill, although 
it is intended to be covered up in this way, as 
purely an appropriation of so much mone.y on thc 
part of the Government to build this road as a 
great highway and thoroughfare for the country. 
That is 11. Covered up, mystified in all this ver- 
biacre, that is really and intentionally the ob'ec,t 
of ae act; and gentlemen may disguise it as t ley 
will, cover it u ) as they will, that is the real pur- 
pose, the real design, of the 'Whole act; and it is 
never expected, in fact, or, if it is expected, it isa 
delusion operating on gentlemen, that the Gov- 
ernmcnt Will cver be reimbursed at all, or that the 
interest of this money '.vill ever bc paid. I do not 
believe one word of' it. 
Mr. GYVIN. With the Senator's permission, 
I will just make one statement ill regard to that. 
I gave it as a matter of opinion that this stock 
would be profitable, and that the Government 
'I'his will be a mortgage that 
would be repaid. 
will be cleared off if the profits will QiÄ\ble it to 
be. But will say to the Senator that, so far as 
I am concerned—for I do not cover up anything 
—I would vote for this i)ill if n dollar never was 
to be returned to the rl'rcasnry, and it the 
I would 
best, investment, that. could be made. 
I wd'uld vote $100,000 
cover up nothing. 
in my 
to-:norrow to make Pacific railroad, if, 
judgment, it was necessary. 
I suppose(l the Senator 
Mf. BRAGG. so, sir, 
would; and in using that phrase, I did not intend 
at all to impeach the Senatm•'.s conduct here in 
I had no reference to him. 
the sli"htest degree. 
I supposed the bili was not by him; t 
without impulincr anything to him, I hope I 
be allowc(l herc to aro•uc and slid) w, I can, that 
bill, without intpeac,hing 
that is the effect of the 
him or anybody else. I disclaim anyt.hingof that 
kind. If such was the of' my 
1 can assure thc honorable Senator that it was 
not my purpose to say or to insinuate anything 
of the kind here. 
"l'hat being necessarily the effect of the bill, if 
a delay result from putting on L his arnendmcnt, 
is that a eonSiderat.ion that ought to be, weighed . 
I have already shown, I think, in point of fact, 
that there can be no delay; that the persons 
named in the bill have the right to do all that 
they could do before these acts of incorporation 
are obtained. Now, why ought we not to have 
tho acts of incorporation submitted to us? If this 
Goverm•nent had the power, would it be pretended 
that we ought to makc these donations without 
having a proper bill before us? And NV l) y do we 
not do iL now? Because it is thoug•ht that wc 
cannot incorporate these gentlemen in the States 
and Territories; and that, necessarily, we must 
refer them to the States and Territories to obtain 
those corporate acts which are necessary to carry 
out the purpose of the bill. That is it; simply 
because it is a want of power on the part of this 
It is a want of power, it is true; 
Government. 
but we can require, we can make it a condition I 
precedent to the vesting of the bounty of this 
Government in these corporations, that the cor- 
'Ithat was said thc other day. 
dcfcat it. 
I'v.n•. BAKER. Will the Senator allow me a 
H) ()inent? 
Mr. BRAGG. Certainly. 
Mr. BAKER. we desire, when we consider 
thcsc aro•uments, to know—and I think it is proper 
and respectful that x.vc should the gen- 
tlemcn who offer them will vote forthc bill at last, 
if we put in their amendments. YVill the honor- 
able Senator from North Carolina himself? 
Mr. BRAGG. I will answcr the Senator from 
I do not sce that 
Oregon with great pleasure. 
there is the least pertinency in the question he 
asks, and I think I have answered it alrcady. 
Mr. BAKER. 1 did hoar. 
Mr. BRAG-G. Ihave answered it substantially; 
but I have yot to learn that thc test of an amend- 
ment here is whether a Senator, after his amend- 
Incnt is adopted, will vote for a particular meas- 
ure, When, how, or with what propriety is that 
thc test? I am free to say to the Senator that I 
do not think I can vote for the bill at all; but is 
that a reason why I should not undertake to per- 
Docs that afl"ord sufiicient reason 
fcct bill 
to the Senate why they should not perfect the bill, 
if errors and imperfections arc pointed out? And 
herc I, and others, on every amendment, that. is 
(')ffered, are met with that objection: " Will you 
vole for the bill? you arc an enemy of the bill, 
and therefore we will 
keep you at a distance.' 
and I hope that hereafter they will remember Illim 
for it. He has been a most faithful hard-working 
public servant for them. Put I stand in a different 
attitude; people occupy a different position 
from his; and I think, when he wants to leave 
everything without any checks on them to such 
bodies as the Legislatures of the States and Ter- 
ritories through which this road luay pass, at least 
we have the riollt here, those of us who belong 
to the old States on this side of the continent, to . 
ask that before vve are tied hand and foot, we may 
see the laws which arc passed to carry out. the 
purpose of this bill, and inasmuch as we cannot 
pass on them ourselves, to say afterwards if they 
do not suit us, you cannot have our rnone,y and 
It is a reasonable prop- 
our land." That is all. 
osition; it produces no delay. It seems to me it 
is all right and fair. The great public interest 
requires that wc should do it. As to the Gov- 
crnment's being paid out of its mortcrz•vre, it is a 
Incre mattcr of moonshine. In every aspect in 
which I can view this question it seems to me that 
the amendment ought to bc adopted. It be 
that I am wrong about it; but submit the matter 
to the Senate. 
Mr. SIMMONS.. 1 think this 
is a proper amendment., and I shall vole foy it. I 
do nol say I shall vote for the bill if it is in, I 
I should like it a great deal bottcr if it was in. 
{i think there ought to bc souue supervision of this 
Sir, I protest against any sacli tesl ns that. 
say then, Mr. President, that without, regard great affair beftn•e we pay the money; and I hope 
we shall adopt. the i.uncndrncnt. 
to L lie protection of the Govern or the pay- 
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, a good 
of this moue v, which the Senator from 
tnany amendments f)ending to this bio, and a good 
Massachusetts says never will be paid, and which 
and desiro to say 
he never expects to be paid, and which I think no many niore will be offered; 
man can have a reasonable hope ever will bc again 'hat I look upon the resolutions offered by 
the Senator from Kentucky as very in'lportant to 
but with regard to the great interest of the 
paid ; 
country, I think this amendment should l.)e put 
The Senate is not,v legislating evi- 
dent,ly for a great public highway—a conunercial 
high way—across the continent, and great public 
we arc undertakino• 
in teres;ts are at stake. 
to put into 1110 hands of a certain set of gentle- 
and such associates as they may screct, 
sue-.h pom.vers as they inn y be able to obtain fl'(.nn 
the Slates and rrcrritorios through wh ich tl'10 ro ad 
passos. Who knows what, powers they may 
obtain? They may obtain banking powers. There 
is no limit to the existence of' the corporations 
by this act. Thcy be perpetuities; they may 
and with one mense Inonopoly, 
exist forever; 
connectinø itself with other lines across the coun- 
try, in humble 01')inion— 
say it with all 
carnestness and seriousness, and with belief— 
such corporation 01' corporations toerether svould 
wield an influence in this country that, 
no other 
associated body, not excepting even t.ne old Uni- : that day, at one o'clock. 
ted States bank, ever did or could wield. Yet we 
are to be told that we arc not to sco these acts. 
Why, says the Senator froin California, no doubt 
the States and Territories will put proper guards 
I-lava they 
acts of incorporation. 
I upon those 
done it before? No doubt Ilioney and influence, 
ill a nntjority of will obtain directly 
the opposite sort of provisions in these acts of 
I say rnoney and influence, in this 
incorporation. 
day of ours, will any kind of acts, froni a 
great naan y of the Legislatures that we have in 
some of our '-Porritories and our States. 
Mr. GWIN. Not in region. 
I'v'lr. BRAGG. CPhe Senator says not in his 
I do not know that they are any better 
remon. 
than we aro on this side of the continent. 
1 do 
not {.hat they have g' yen au y evidence that 
they are better or more honest than we are; and 
this country; and I rise now to ask the Senate 
to postponc the further consideration of this bill, 
apd take up and consider the resolutions that 
have mentioned. I make that motion; and hope 
the Senate will postpone the consideration of this 
bill for to-day * for it is not certain after this NY hen 
we shall have an opportunity to get up these res.- 
01 utions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. 
in the chair.) Does the Senator name the day to 
which he moves to postpone the bill? 
IVIr. LANE. Any day for which- there is. no 
previous special order. 'To-morrow there is one 
—tho bill the adilii,ssion of Karl.sa.s—and I do 
not want to interfin•c with that; but will say the 
day after to-njorrow, at one o'clock. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. is moved to 
postpone the further consideration of this bill until 
-l rl'hursday next, and Inake, it the special order for 
Mr. G IN I N , As a friend of both measures, 
and intending to sustain both, I will merely oh- 
serve, that the way to dispatch the business of 
'i is to procced with one thing ata tilnc, 
I think we shall accomplish morc and rnake more 
speed if we get through willi one measurc and then 
As a majority of the Senate 
take up the other. 
ind icatcd this morning that t_hey would give this 
measure the preference over the resolutions of t_he 
Senator from Kentucky, I am willing to sit. day 
and night until this question is disposed of, and 
then go on with his proposition and dispose of it. 
{i It shall not be delayed by any action of mine 
either by speaking or by voting for early adjourn- 
I want to sit here until we act on boch 
ments. 
measures, and speedily; but I r-uerely suggest to 
the Senate that I think it will be dispatching busi- 
ness to go on now and dispose of this question, 
