1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
•and then to take up the resolutions of the Senator 
from Kentucky. As the Senate indicated this 
morning by a majority that they x,vould give this 
bill the preference, let us ect clear of it, and then 
take up the Senator's resolutions and act on them. 
I am ready to vote for them at any time. It will 
take me no time to make up my mind in regard 
to those resolutions. 
I can vote for them at-any 
timc. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 cannot think, Mr. 
President, of voting for the Pacific railroad bill 
while this other measure is undetermined. It has 
been said of old that men build as if they never 
expected to die. We seem to be acting as a na- 
tion upon that hypothesis; we are proposing to 
build railroads, providine roads for future gener- 
ations, when the very existence of our country is 
in danger. When the Union itself is reeling about 
likc a drunken man, we are tnaking provision for 
futurity and for posterity. I cannot vote for any 
such measure atanySuch time. Build up the Union 
first; then talk about building upa railroad. Then 
I will vote for this measure. 
I want my friends 
from California to understand that, although I 
voted to-day for the indefinite postponement of 
this bill, I am not its enemy. I am prepared to 
vote for it when you make the Union stable enough 
to afford thc faintest promise that the work can 
be executed, and that we shall have a nation to 
cnjoy the benefits of it. 
It seemed to mc very 
solemn before ihis people, that the Senate 
should sit here legislating upon the of 
roads for future generations, and for a nation, 
when that nation IS t.rembling upon a point be- 
tween life and death. Yet the Senate preferred to 
act upon a railroad, rather than to act on these 
measures calculated to give permanence to the 
Union itself. I ask my friends to consider what 
sort of intelligence is this to go out to a country 
that is now trembling with anxiety upon the ques- 
tions of peace or war, existence or non-existence 
as a nation, that they should sit here and with 
quiet indifference to the state of the country take 
up a railroad bill? 
Sir, it is not only a neglect, in my opinion, of' 
the public interests; it is neglect of the public feel- 
ing, and almost an insult to public feeling. When 
revolution, and almost war, is going through one 
half of the country, spreading with féarful rapid- 
ity, this is the course the Senate of the United 
States takes in its awful dignity, in its awful pride 
of party predominance and power. 
sits here 
and looks with indifference upon the country, and 
shows that indifference by attempting to legislate 
on mere ordinary questions, when the fate of the 
nation is de jending and in peril. 
Is it intended, 
gentlemen, addressing Republican Senators,] to 
show this spirit of indifference to public anxiety, 
to public feeling, to the fate of the country, and 
the fate of the Union? I hope not; and yet noth- 
ing could mark morc strongly, or secrn to mark 
more strongly, a tctnper and a disposition of • that 
sort. Sir, I will vote for no railroad bill while 
the country is in the condition in which it now is. 
I hardly know what it is that I would vote for 
concerning the nation, or touching the great na- 
tional interest, until I know that I have a country 
and a nation. 
Mr. President, I do not want to say anything 
further in relation to this matter. 
am the friend 
of the Pacific railroad. From the moment the 
American people determined to extend their 
boundaries by conquest and by acquisition of 
territory to the Pacific ocean, I sot dosvn that 
greatness was the object which this nation had 
determined to attain; and I concluded that it must 
pay all the taxes necessary to that greatness. 
must open an internal communicatiön by railroad 
with our country on the Pacific. 
I have been 
prepared from that moment to give my sanction 
to the ineasure. 
I never expected individuals to 
pay the expense of it. 
I never regarded it as a 
private speculation. However it might nomi- ! 
nally assume the form ofa private corporation, I 
at ways contemplated that the expense of it was to 
be paid out of the pubke, Treasury. I considered 
that the nation had determined on that measure; 
it was necessary to connect the distant portions 
of our vast empire. We had obtained territory 
on the Pacific; and in obtaining it we impliedly 
acquiesced in all the measures necessary to main- 
tain it and to hold it together; and I am not un- 
that are now at hazard are dispos'ed of; and until 
this measure is disposed of, I must tell my friends 
from California i shall vote against their bill. 
This is all, sir, 
that I-propose to say. 
Mr. G WIN. I havc but a word to say in an- 
swer to the Senator from Kentucky. A majority 
of the Senate having indicated that this measure 
should bc taken up and acted on, I shall adhere 
to that until the majority change • , becaüsc 1100k 
on this bill as of greater importance to the people 
of California than any other measure which can 
corne before the Senate; but I differ the Sen- 
ator entirely in anothcr rcspcct. 
If a majority 
indicate otherwise, I will vote for his measurc ull 
the time; and •I am sorry that he votes acrainst 
this bill because he cannot have tho preference for 
his resolutions. 
I will vote for his proposition 
when it comes up, whenever I can have a chancc, 
but certain}! I must stand by this measure as 
long as the Senate indicate a purpose to do so. , 
Mr. SIMMONS. What is the question now? 
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. on 
this bill until Thursday next. 
Mr. SIMMONS. trust it will not be post- 
poned. 
I think the Senator from Kentucky must 
havo altogether misapprehended the purpose of 
those who voted to take this bill up. It was with 
no view' and no purpose of turning a deaf cat to 
the complaints of' the people of tllis country on 
other subjects at all. The time indicated for the 
considera•tion of this bill had come; and whatever 
may be our anxiety and solicitude about the 
country, some of us think, at least, that such a 
measure as this would have a healing tendency 
in these troublous times. 
It has appeared to 
all the whilc that the tremulous aspect of the Sen- 
ate was what encouraged troubles abroad. 
I have 
not felt these apprchcnsions so keenly as some, I 
I merely wished to correct any misappre- 
agree. 
hension of our motives in voting to take up this 
bill. The Senator from Kentucky, know, wants 
nothing more than an intimation from me, that I 
had no party purpose, or any other purpose than 
to carry on the public l.)usiness in a proper spirit. 
W c had this amendment about ready to votc 
upon a week or tcn days ago, perhaps. 
did not 
think there vvrerc threo nien in the Senate who 
would vote aeainst it. 
I supposed it was so ob- 
viously rightw in such a bill as this, that it would 
command universal assent—I mean the amend- 
ment ofthc Senator from North Carolina. Now, 
we have debated it almost half a day; and just as 
we are going to vote on it, 
it is proposed to post- 
pone the whole subject again. The next tilnc it 
comes up, the debate will all bc gone, over tvain. I 
That is my experience. What I have seen here 
convinces me that when ••.ve have up a bill of this 
importance, we had better do something with it 
while we have 
it before us. 
I believe that to- 
Inorrow, or next day, the resolutions of •the Sen- 
atop from Kentucky wilt bc up. 
It has been my 
intention, at some time or other, to say a few 
NoW,'why Will SI not vote for -this bill; iW the 
present state of-public affairs? ' BeCåuSe the 
mference which I-am compelled iffdraw from the 
conduct of Senators here,' shoivin•gSüChÆindifféEh 
cncc, as I understand it, as i'tR will- be i•ead; bytho 
public, upon -questions -touching its 
encé ,-induccs ine to bclievc that: othiS' Uniöii -iS 
altogether, insecure. Until that 'is aésui•éd Ito jüe_, 
what do I-want with railioads? W, hat do 
with ail the great improvements that •would be- 
come a mighty empire, when I see my countiy 
broken up, and dwindled down intoa sétof petty. 
republics, it may be? feel mote like-hiding my 
face than engagin• in great improvements that, 
as I say, would become tlie Republic in its a-nCicnt 
glory, and in its still greater future glories which 
1 have hoped for. 
Sir, I am alive to but one subject here, and •that' 
is, the passage Of measures :that -shall- perpetuate 
and secure to me and my children the blessings 
and the benefits of this Union; and -until: you have 
done that, all your other public affairs are tome 
as trifles. So I shall consider 
that remark even this great measure of a råilröad 
to the Pacific ocean. Let us first make our GOV- 
ernment secure; rebuild that, and then talk about 
works of improvement wörthy of it. While you 
leave. that tottéring and reeling, it is idleness; and 
the evidence of a perfect indifference, to go for- 
ward in these works of internal improvement as 
it' you wore assured of existence. 
It is like the. 
man on the edge of the. grave trifling about his 
little, petty, worldly affan•s. The difference is, 
great between my position and that of my frimd 
from California, who says he will vote for my 
resolutions, taken up whén they may be. 
him I cannot vote for his. My measures tend to 
perpetuate the Government; his tend to make tin 
impeovemcnt thät would be only applicablé to tis 
as a qreat nation, and useless t-o us•even if com- 
plcted, and perfectly impractic'ablefor uS to eo-m- 
plete, if we are broken up—a fate which now so 
imminently ménaces us. 
'l'hat is tho difference 
between us. 
I cannot votc for his measure until 
I see my country secured, its existence, its union. 
reéstablished, or at -any rate secured. Then 1 
can vote, and will vote, for this railroad bill; not 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator 
from North Carolina. 
I\'lr. BRAGG. I should like to have the yeas 
and nays on that amendment. 
withdraw the call. 
Mr. GIVIN. I ask for the yeas and •nays on 
that arnendlncnt.. 
The yeas and n'ays were ordered. 
Mr. MALE. I simply want to state that I 
i have paired off on qnest.ions cobnected with this 
railroad, with tbe Senator from Georgia, [Mr. 
IVERSON. I 
The question being taken on Mii. BRAGG'S 
words ui.)on them, when could get the floor; and 
amendment by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 31, 
when thcrc shall be little more calmness, and 
nays 15; as follows: 
have timo to consider things coolly, and thc 
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bragg, Bright, Clark, 
are not so full Lbat. the Senate is suffo- Clingman, Darkee, Fessenden, Fitch, 
catcd, I shall try to a word or two about the 
Green, Grilnos, nter, Johiison o? Ellenttessce, Kennedy 
King, Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk', Poweil, 
propositions of the SIBnator from Kentucky. 'Ih- 
Pngh, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Simmons, Slidell, Ten 
day is a cool day, and I hope we shall come toa ! Eyck, and Wilkinson— 
31. 
vote upon the amendinonts to this bill, and try to 
it as well as M.rc can. 
Mr. LANE. If it is the wish of the Sonntc to 
eo on with this bill, as anxious as I am about the 
other Inalter, I withdraw rny rnotion. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 only wish to say a 
word in reply to rny friend from Rhode Island. 
He indicates a purpose of sneaking on m V reso- 
lutions at sonoe time or other. I hope he will; fhr 
there is no measure which I take to heart, that I 
aln not always anxious to hear Ilim upon. f know 
his intccrrity, and I know his patriotism. He may 
be mistaken sonletimes, as i am often ; but [ know i 
his purposes are always patriotic and good. I do 
not question the purposes of any of In y associates 
horc; but I say the proceeding of this mornina 
will indicate to the country, and it will be so in- 
terpreted? as a fatal indifference to the great public 
interests that now touch its very existence. When II 
the people read that you preferred to act on a rail- 
NAYS—Messrs. 
Baker. Binghatn, Cameron, Chandler, 
I)ixon, Foot, Foster, Gwii, Harlan, Latham, Seward, SUIU- 
ner, Wade, Wigfall, and VVilson—i5. 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 should like to add a little 
clause, following the amendment just adopted: 
Procidcd.fuo•ther, That under no circumstances shall the 
corporation organized as a(Oresaid, exercise any banking 
powers, or issue any paper intended to be circulated as 
money. 
T ho, amendment was agrced to. 
Mr. BRAGG. I had prepared a similar amend- 
ment to that. T hc adoption of that amendment 
renders a part of the amendment I intended to 
offer unnocessary. But I desire to-offer an amend- 
mcnt limiting the exislenc,e of these corporations. 
I will leave the time blank, so that the Senate 
can fill it up should they think proper to adopt 
the amendnncn t. 
It is to insert, at the end of the 
road bill, which will be utterly useless, utterly last amendment, the following: 
Nor have a corporatc existence exceeding term of — 
vain, if t.he Union is to be destroyed, rather than 
i years. 
upon measures calculated to secure the permanence 
friendly to the measure. 
am an advocate of it, 
of that Union, they will consider you as insensi- 
Mr. WILSON. lhopethéSectetary will 
—not until the greater interests ble to the one, and very regardful of the other, 
but not now, sn• 
that proposition again. 
