390 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 15, 
I take it for granted, that we may 
upon being secured in their constitutional rights in its purpose. 
the Union, or on going out of it the kake of i act on the presumption that that is its purpose. 
self-preservation: I came here with the hope that •What justice is there in that? Let us, for one 
such measures might be brought forward by those moment, revert to the history of the Government 
who had the power to control this question, as to knox,v whether it is just in it to assume the re- 
need hardly 
would assure the people of the South that they sponsibility of so grave an act. 
michtexpect future security for their rights in the •ay that, at the date of the Declaration of Inde- 
Union. I believe that if the Republican members I pondence, cach of the thirteen colonies of the 
had- manifiisted, at the beginning of this session I 
of Congress, a purpose to respect simply the con- I 
stitutional 'rights of all the States and of their peo- 
ple, all these diffcultie,s might, before this time, 
have been settled. I do not mean to be under- 
stood, in making that remark, as indicating that 
it would have been necessary for them to have 
acceded to any extravagant or unreasonable (lc- 
mands. Such demands would not have been made, 
unless they deem it extravagant and unreasonable 
to insist upon plain, spec.ific guarantees of those 
rights which were assuredly secured to us under 
the present Constitution as it was formed, and 
which have been secured to us by the action of 
all departments of the Federal Government down 
to this time. This, I believe, was the condition 
of things whcn Congress assembled at the begin- 
In view of the fact. that Re- 
ning of this session. 
publican members of Congress l')avc held sullei)ly 
back, abd have neither proposed nor accepted any 
compromise, but havc declared that they have 
none to make, four States are now out of the 
Union; and many others are. in rapid motion to 
cro out. Unless something can now be done to 
arrest this movement, there will be but few south- 
ern States, if any, acknowledging allegiance to 
the Federal Government on the 4th of March 
This state of things Having bccn produced , what 
cun change it? I cannot say now that it is possible 
It is certainly all but 
to arrest the movement. 
It is my (luly to 
ilnpossible now to arrest it. 
spea.k on this occasion as I would speak in tho 
presence of the future—as I speak in the 
preScnce of the calamities invoked on this people 
by the action of this Congress, and by a portion 
of the States of the Union. No men on thc face 
of the earth, at any period of the world 's history, 
were ever charged with a morc solctnn responsi- 
bility tl•xan that which rests to-day on the Amer- 
It calls not for passion, but for I 
ican Congress. 
calm deliberation ; not for the main tenance of Inere 
partisan supremacy, but for the ascendency of pa- 
triotism; not. for the domination of the one party 
and the overthrow of the other, but for a consti- 
tutional Union based on the action of the people, 
and on the support of a Government friendly to 
ail its parts; not nurturing and fostering the one 
and hostile to the other; but just, and tåir to all 
alike. These are the great principles which should 
animate our action if we intend to preserve the 
Union. On the other hand, if fiftcen States come 
here—minority as they Inay be in Concyress, in 
thc popular masses, in wealth and power—telling 
you of their discontents, and the cause of them, 
if you tender no olive branch, no conciliation, 
but sternly deny their constitutional rights, 
and tender them on the one hand submissi01'l t') 
ruin, and on the other powder and ball, who is it 
that does not know wl'l?lt their decision will be, 
whatever may be the conscquences ? 
Is there a cause for this discontent? It has 
been interrogatively suggested that there was 
none. It has been partially admitted by others 
that there is some cause. This is no time to come 
here and suppose that, by special and in- 
genious statements of the cause of controversy, we 
can change the judgment of posterity as to the atti- 
tude of public affairs in these tunes. It is beneath 
Union was slaveholding. At thc date of the 
twelve 
formation of the Federal Constitution, 
years after that, twelve of the thirteen States of 
Is it to be 
the Union svere slaveholding States. 
presumed that twelve out of thirtcen States made 
a Constitution which was intended to reccvnize 
It would be ask- 
slaves as freemen and equals? 
ing too much of human credulity to believe such 
If' anything were necessary to 
a proposition. 
repel the idea, it is snpp!ied by the baro fact that 
the convcntion which framed this Constitution, 
and gave it to us as thc chat•t.cr of our rights and 
liberties, provided in it for keepin(' open the Afri- 
can slave trade for twent.y years after the forma- 
tion of that Constitution, so that the white race 
mic ht 00 on under authority of' the Constitution 
an acquire a larger amount of property in negro 
slaves. The interests of a portion of the States 
were found not to require African sbavcry; and i 
these Stat.es disposcd of their negrocs, not so nu- 
merous then, it is true, as they were in some of 
the more southern States. Then they 'mado their 
States what they call free States. T be southern 
States raised no objection, and had no right to 
raise any objection, that these States had chosen 
for tl)emselves to exclude ne(rro slavcry; but they 
had rights under the Federal Constitution—thc 
right to protection arid security—wb ich it '•.vas their 
duty to insist upon. 'I'hat is all they have done. 
But, Mr. Chairman, I cannot dwell longer upon 
this portion of our history; but I will ask atten- 
tion to another feature of this question. I invoke 
the of Republicans a mmnont„ to 
what would be the result of the success of their 
doctrines if they will not cease this agitation until 
they can rest in the belief that negro slavery is 
before I do it, 
put, ill process of extinction. 
one retnark, not alto«rcther con- 
I wish to make 
nectcd with rny argu tnent.•, but which may not be 
unserviceable. We have for years back heard of' 
what is t.eru-npd the irrcoressi ble conflict. 
emanated from men who have been eulogized for 
ft rested 
their statesmanship and their Icarnincr. 
on the idea of irrepressible hostility between the 
interests and institutions of States of the Union. 
It hus been invoked for partisan success and for 
It has culminated too soon 
sectional prejudice. 
for its authors. And here, to-day, behold the fruits 
of' the irrepressible conflict. Every man who looks 
forward with an eye to the interests and hopes of 
Lhc country, hns foreseen what the irrepressible 
conflict meant—that it meant subjugation and hu- 
miliation to the South, or the dissolution of the 
Union. You have reached now its logical end. 
Are you, then, lomrer prepared to eulogize a doc- 
trine, a l')d eulocrize its authors, which has brought 
upon us so precipitately such fruits as these 
But to tbc point to which I was calling atten- 
I ask Rcpublicans to-day—and I wou•ld to 
God I could throw my voice to every city and 
town and village and hamlet in the whole North, 
nnd could be -heard by every citizen there, and 
answered by all—to tracc the history of the Af- 
rican race through all the ccnturics of the past, 
in every country and cvcry clime, from their na- 
tive bni•barism in Africa to slavery in Brazil and 
thc Indies, and everywhere else that you 
find them, and then coine to the, southern States, 
and cmnpare the condition of the nem•oes thcrc 
the dignity of the statesl)lan•, it is beneath the with then• condition anywhere Otse, and answer 
dicrnily of the men who control events, to resort me if they arc notin the enjoyment of more peace, 
now to special pleading to misrepresent the cause more blessinzs, and everything that gives con- 
of the grievances which now exist.. Ellist.ory will II tentme,nt and happiness, than any other portion 
tell what those causes are. All of you know I Of that race, bor)d or fi•ee, at any other aryc or in 
any other portion of the world? Will any nmtan 
to-day what they are. For twenty years the anti- 
slavery strength has been growing in the free deny that they are? And if they are, is it the 
citizens in your States? No ! " " no ! " from the 
Rcpublican side of the House.] You dare not 
answer me that you would. You ',vould us 
with all the energy and power of your States for 
twenty years, before you would submit to it. And 
yet you demand of us to liberate. them, to sur- 
render this $3,000,000,000 of slave property, to 
dissoEvc society, to break up social order, to ruin 
our cornnoercial and political prospects for the 
future, and still to retain such an clement amoå)ff us. 
Again: I 'ask you, do you believe, one of you— 
I does any Republican in this Union believe this 
day that, if you could purchase a separate Terpi- 
tory, occupied by no human being, if you could 
liberate all the slaves to-day, t:tice them to that 
Territory, frame a government for thetn, and give 
them money to start it—do you believe that, for 
one year, or in any future period, those negroes 
could maintain a government in peace, givinø 
security to life and person, and prosperity and 
repose to society? I venture to say there is not 
a Republican in this Union who would hazard his 
reputation by answering that question in the af- 
firmativc. And yct, in religion 's name, in God's 
narno, in the name of justice and humanity, you 
are invoking every feeling Lhat can stir the hearts 
of the people to press on with your irrepressible 
conflict; never halting, ncvcr stopping to consider, 
as all statesmen must. consider, the relative con- 
ditioh and capacities of' the races; and what is to 
be the cnd of the conflict which you invoke,•with 
the certainty, on your part, that it must resultin 
breaking up this Republic, or in the subjugation 
and the infliction upon the South of the worst 
(lcspotism that can be forced upon any country. 
I address you with all thc earnestness of my na- 
tare; I address you in the name of humanity, in 
the name of our common country, and of the 
causc of civil liberty. 
if' I wanted experience to prove the 
Again : 
truth of In y supposition that such would be the 
calatuitous cffect of carrying your principles to 
their ultimate results, the history of the pust fur- 
In 3793, when red repub- 
nishes that experience. 
licanistn assutncd its reign in France, and the wild 
delusion of unrestrained liberty seized upon the 
lilin(ls of the Inasses, there was a wretched fanatic 
who undertook to proclailn the equality of every 
human being, and he proposed the liberation of 
thc slaves in the French *West India colonics. 
The idea chimed in with the popular delusions of 
the day, and a decree was passed that all the slaves 
should bc free. T hc colonies would not accept 
. the decree, and did not until the army of France 
was brought into requisition, and tbc slaves were 
set at liberty. But, what was the result to the 
colonies? Great Britain, catching the contagion 
from . France, determined upon the policy of lib- 
erating the slaves in her West India colonics; 
but she was alitlle more humane an(l liberal. She 
did mako compenstaion to the owners of the slaves 
liberated, to the amount of, perhaps, one eighth 
of their value. . But what was the fruit of those 
decrees to the colonies in terested? What was the 
result of conferring the boon of freedom upon the 
African race in these colonies? What was the 
condition of these colonies prior tp the execution 
. of these decrees? They were the homes of civil- 
ization, contentment, prosperity, and happiness; 
their farms were cultivated, their cities were alive 
with business, their ports were covered with the 
canvas of the fleets of all nations, bearing to and 
fro lhc commerce of the world. 
Those decrees were passed. 'What followed ? 
The white race was exterminated by all the im- 
plements and Inodes of cruelty and torture that 
Increnuity and barbarism could in vent. Yes, sir, 
exterminated. The fields then glowino• under the 
hand of industry soon went back into jungle, 
inhabited by the wild beasts of the forest; grass 
grew in the streets of their cities, and ships de- 
i parted from their ports to return no more. And 
t they have gone on in this experiment of liberty 
from revokution to revolution, carnage succeeding 
States of this Confederacy. in recent years it has part of philanthropy to turn them back to the carnage, until at this time they have relapsed into 
in doing , and pi•esent a spectacle of savage African barbar- 
become acrerre.ssive. The quuxstion tendered to i • condition of the rest of' their racc, aild, 
so, destroy the hopes and the social and political ism. Gentlemen of thc Republican party, are 
the people.- of the South is well expressed ill the 
futureoffifteen St.at.es of this Confederacy? Then, you now' prepared to on in your aomressions 
Ian u•uacrc of thc President this agita- 
tion on until the northern mind shall rest again, I would ask this other question: Suppose until you have inaucrurated the same scenes for 
these slaves were liberated; suppose the people your southern brethren? I say your brethren, 
in the belief that slaver v is put in a condition ot 
of' the South would to-dav voluntarily consent to For hundreds and thousands of th(.un are your 
ultirnate extinction. Fl'hat. was his sentiment. 
surrender of slave property, and kindred, living in the of the 
tl'hat is the sentiment of the great leaders o? that l. 
party. I presume t.hat fliW members of that party send their slaves at their own expnnse into the blessing of the same system of Gpvernment, and 
would to-day, in their place, deny that such was II frec States; would you accept them as freemen and enjoying the prosperity common to our people. 
