1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
391 
Are you prepared to inaugurate a system which 
can duly end in such•a result? Are you prepared 
to attempt to forcc us by fire and sword to submit 
to such a fate as. this? 
Your people have lived in the habitual violation 
of the Constitution and laws of Congress, for 
many years, to our serious injury, and we have 
never invoked the doctrine of Federal coercion 
against. your States. Your Legislatures have 
påssed laws nullifying a provision of the Federal 
Constitution which ought to have secured pro- 
r r hc members of your Lc- 
tection to our rights. 
gislatures had to commit oflic,ial perjury in voting 
ftn• these laws. And your Governors had to do I 
the same thing in sWnin«y and approving them. 
And a number of your States have passed lav.rs 
to fine and imprison their own citizens if they 
should aid in executing the fugitive slave law 
—a 
lasv passed in conformity with the requirements 
of' the Federal Constitution, and which has bcen 
adjudged to be constitutional and binding on all, 
by the Suprenne Court of the United States. 
During all the time your States have stood in 
open rebellion atyainst the Constitution and laws 
of the country—and this in carrying out your 
affo•ressive and hostile policy aoainst us—Mere have 
heard nothing of Federal coercion, not even from 
our northern friends who are now so ready to turn 
But now that 
the Federal bayonets a«ainst us. 
the southern States have determined that they can 
stand these lawless and hostile aff&ressionson their 
now that they have determined 
ts no 10 ; 
not to live under a Government hostile to these 
rights, and that their safety and self-preservation 
require of them to resulne tho powers they had 
delegated to the Federal Government for their 
cornmon good, but which aro to bc used under 
Republican rule for t.heir ruin, we hear contil')- 
ual[y fronl Republicans of the treason and rebel- 
lion of the South ; and they arc loud and seemingly 
sincere in their demands for the cn.forcement of the 
dates by Federal guns. And i regret to sce thal 
northern Democrats, some ot them, seem to be 
equally forgetful of our wron«s, and of abolition 
ao•øressions on our rights, and equally anxious for 
this gunpowder enforcement of' the laws, against 
the authority of State sovereignty in the exercise 
OF their highest and most sacred duties—the pro- 
tection and defönse of' the rights of their own citi- 
zens who can no longer look for security or pro- 
lection under a Government to be administered by 
hostilc enemies under a violated Constitution. 
I wish to call your attention to an- 
But again : 
other pöint. 'What is to bc the effect upon the 
mattrial prosperity, not of the South alone, but 
upon the North, upon Great Britain, and upon 
the whole of continental Europe, from the suc- 
cess of your policy? Let mc ask you to con- 
it would not seem that you have con- 
templated it for yourselves—this fact: during the 
last year, the foreion exports from the southern 
Statos amounted to $250,000,000. Of' this amount 
#200,000,000 consists in the exportation of the 
siilffle article of cotton. That cotton supplies the 
material for your northern manufacturers of cot- 
It employs the millions of capital 
ton goods. 
It employs the time 
engaged in that business. 
and services of hundreds of thousands of oper- 
It employs the invest- 
atives who work there. 
ments made in your norther:-) cines in the slupping 
in our coastwise trade and foreign commerce. 
It employs the untold miilions of English capital 
enraged ill the manufacture of cotton goods. 
employs the millions of Enolish capital engaged 
in the transportation of cotton, rnanufacturcd and 
unmanufactured. It suppiics with bread the hun- 
dre(ls of thousands of operatives employed in the 
Mr. CURTIS rose. 
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman from Iowa 
I do not knox.v of any one to 
will excuso me. 
whom I would listen with more pleasure than to 
the gentleman from Iowa, but I-ny time will not 
permit mc to yield to interruption. 
IV•Ir. CURTIS. I merely want to put in agen- 
eral denial to all the propositions the gentlcnmn is 
statino•. 
Mr. ASHLEY. I call the gentleman from Iowa 
to order. 
MI'. REAGAN. I was goinff on to say that 
you contemplatc, as a part of the means of your 
operations, t.he blockade of our ports. Well, I 
grant that you have the ships, and you could 
blockade our ports if none but ourselves were 
concerned. But let me •warn you in advances that 
like a distinguished general ofa former war, you 
will find afire in the rear as well as in front when 
you undertake to do it. Your own people .will 
not permit you to do it. Your commercial cities 
will not perrnit you to do it. Your manufactur- 
ers will not permit you to do it. But suppose 
your people should bc so demented as to allow 
you to destroy their interests: do you think Great 
Britain would permit it? Will she permit you to 
bankrupt her capitalists engaged in the manufac- 
ture of cotton goods, and in the commercc grow- 
ing out of cotton, and to starve hcr millio-ns of 
operatives? If your own interests, and all the 
dictates of hurnaniLy and justice, will not induce 
you to forbear from the madness and folly which 
must produce such results, Great Brilai]'l and con- 
tinental Europe will promptly require you to 
raise the blockade of our ports. 
Gentlemen, I me•nlion these things, and you can 
consider them if you think they "aro woylh cin- 
'We are dealing with questions which 
involve not only our intcrcsts, but the interests 
of all the civilized and commercial world. 
You are not content with the vast millions •of 
tribute we pay you annually under the operation 
of our rcvcnuc law, our navigation laws, your 
fishing bounties, and by making your people our 
manufacturers, our Inerchants,ourshippers. You 
arc not satisfied with the vast tribute we pay you 
to build up your great cities, your railroads, your 
canals. You are not satisfied •wvith tl'1C millions of 
tribute we have beeri payinn• you on account of 
the balance of which you hold against 
us. You are not satisfied that we of the South 
are almost reduced to the condition of overseers 
for northern capitalists. You are not satisfied 
with all this; but you Innst wacre. a relentless 
crusade against or-II' rights and institutions. And 
now you tender us the inhuman alternative of 
unconditional submission to Republican rule on 
abolition principles, and ultimately to free nccyro 
equality and a of mongrels or a war 
of races on the one hand, or on the other seces- 
Sion and a bloody and desolating civil war, waged 
in an atternpt by tho Federal Government to re- 
duce us to submission to these wron(rs. It was 
the misfortunc of Mexico and Central and South 
America, that they attempted to establish govern- 
ments of mongre[s, to enfranchise, Indians and 
free negroes with all the rights of' freemen, and 
invest them, so far as their numbers went, with 
thc control of those ryovernmcnts. It •wasa failure 
It has given 
there; it would be a failure here. 
them an uninterrupted reicrn of revolutions and 
anarchv there; it would do the same thing here. 
OL'p• own Government succeeded because nonc 
but the white race, who are capable of self-gov- 
ernment, were enfranchised with the rights of 
freemen. The irrepressible conflict propounded by 
abolitionism has produced now its legitimate 
Free nem•o equality, which is 
fruits—disunion. 
manufacture of these goods in England. 
its ultimate objcct, would make us reenact the 
Now, suppose you succeed in striking down 
scenes of revolution and anarchy we have so long 
African slavery in the United States: you strike 
down not only our prosperity in the South, and I witnessed and dcplorcd in the American Govern- 
inaugurate Instead ail the horrors of Africanized men ts to the south of us. 
W c do not intend that you shall reduce us to . 
barbarism under which the French antl British 
West India colonies now suffer; you strike dosvn such a condition. But I can tell you what you r 
all the investments made in the manufacture of folly and injustice will compei us to do. It will 
cotton goods; you bankrupt your capitalists; you compel us to be free from your domination, and 
more self-reliant than l,ve have been. It will com- 
beg&ar your operatives; you bankrupt Great I 
pel us to assert and maintain our separate inde- 
Britain; you beggar millions there you inaugu- 
It will compel us to manufacture for 
pendenc.e. 
rate starvation famine in Great Britain to an 
extent tenfold beyond that which will be suffered II ourselves, to bui}d up our awn commerce, our 
own great cities, our own railroads and canals; 
here. You require of us unconditional submis- 
sion; and if that is not rendered, you propose to and to use the tribute we now pay you 
employ ali the force of the Arm v and Navy to for these things for the support of a government 
I which will be friendly to all our interests, hostile 
subjugate us. 
to none of' them. Let me tell yau to hewaÉe-]eSt' 
your abolitionism and irrepressible-Conjict•st.ates• 
manship produce these results to us, and Calami- 
ties to you of which you dream not now.. 
T hc question again recurs, what has brought 
about theperilouscondition ofthe country? Why, 
sir, to hear the taunts that are made to the South;. 
to hear the epithets of " treason," rebellion-," 
to hear the declarations arid pi•eteri- 
revolt;" 
sions made in the North, one would think that 
the people of the South were a reckless, 
people, seeking only to do wrolP. How-? In 
what? Let the question be céhoeä and reechoed 
all over the Union—atl over the civilized world. 
How? In what have the South done •,vrong? 
Have they sought to violate the Federal Consti- 
tution? Have they sought to violate the laws ? 
Have they asked you to sacrifice any matefial 
interest? Have they asked you to sacrifice any 
principlc that is not in conflict with the Federal 
Constitution and law" I. wish this qüestion could 
go everywhere and sink into cvery heart, and be 
answered by every human being. HOW' have 
done wrong? In what have we wronged you ? 
History is to answer the question; and it IS to 
answer it in the face of the consequences Which 
must fbllow. 
I stand here to-day to say that if there be 
a soul,hcrn State, a southern man even, who 
$ould demand , as a condition for remaining in this 
Union , an ything beyond the clearly specified guar- 
antees of the Constitution of the United States as 
I can speak for 
they are, do not know of it. 
I think I have had- intimate as- 
my own State. 
sociation enough with her people to declare that 
they have never dreamed of asking more than 
their constitutional rights. They are, however, 
unallerably determined never to submit to less 
than their constitutional rights. Nevet; never, 
sir! You can rely upon that, Mr. Chairman. 
I know, sir, that we have been in the habit of 
listening to each other under the impression that 
speeches here were made alone for political effect. 
[A man in the gallery here disturbed the House 
by loud talking.] 
The CHAIRMAN. If the disorder in the gal. 
lery bc repeated, the Chair Wii! call the Speaker 
to his place, in order that the disorderly person 
or persons may be ejected. [Cries of Put him 
The Doorkeeper then ejected the person who 
had created the disorder. 
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Chairman, I was going 
on. to say that we demand nothing but what •were 
our clear constitutional rights. We will submit, 
sir, to nothing less. We ask no concessions as 
a mere favor to us. We demand our constitu- 
tional rights. That, sir, is the language of free- 
dorn. We demand them, and we intend to havo 
them, in the Union or out of it. 
I regret that in the course of this discussion an 
assumption is made, and argumen ts are predicated 
upon It, that it was simply a question whetlier 
wc have the right to rebel against the Federal 
Government. Those arguments have seemed' to 
go upon thc hypothesis that we neither knew nor 
appreciated the blessings of this Union; but, on 
the contrary, we hated and wished to destroy it, 
And here I must say that, on yesterday, I was 
deeply pained to hoar certain argurnents advanced 
by the distinguished gentlemen from Hlinois and 
Ohio, [Messrs. MCCLERNAND and Cox.l Theil' 
arryuments seemed to proceed upon the assump- 
was the more pained, sir, 
tion 1 have stated. 
because I have scen the gallant battles they have 
fought against abolitionism and thc " irrepressible 
I know their experience, their judg- 
conflict. " 
ment, and their capacity. know, sir, that they 
are representative men of a great • and gallant 
party. I felt profound rcgret to gee such argu- 
ments, proceeding upon such an assumption, come 
from those gentlemen. 
Now, Mr. Chairman, if I can I will correct 
some of the errors upon which the arguments ad- 
vanced against us seem predicated. We do rightly 
estimate the value of the Union. YVe do rightly 
estimate the value of the blessings of this Govern- 
men t. We have loved and chei•ished the Union. 
Nobody has a better right than I have, although 
I say so myself, to make that declaratiOn. 1 have 
loved the Ünion with an almost extravagant de- 
I have fought its battles iv:henever they 
votion. 
were to be fought in my section of the country. 
I havo met every sectional issue, at home in my 
