1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
tive slave lax.v, I am happy and proud to say thdt 
New Jersey, my own State, has not followed 
their bad and prejudicial example. Although a 
majority of her citizens arc opposed to the exist- 
encc of Slavo labor on their own sacred and blood- 
dyed soil, yet they have not been unmindful to 
observe all the requirements of the Federal Con- 
stitution, and what is due to the full protection 
and enjoyment of sou thern rights under that sacred 
In that instrument a provision was 
instrument. 
inserted providing for the return of the fugitive 
slave to his master; and had it not been, the Fed- 
eral Constitution would never have been adopted. 
If there had been no such provision, there would 
have been no protection to the master of his slave 
property. New Jersey, then, ever obedient to the 
requirements of that Constitution, having been 
among the first to ratify and adopt it as the su- 
preme law of the land, has never sullied her patri- 
otic and fair name by the enactment of what are 
called personal liberty bills, any other bills 
which conflict with and obstruct its provisions. 
There may be some, objections among her people 
to the present fugitive slave law; but all, Repub- 
licans and all, I 'fully believe, are in favor of its 
enforcement. And, sir, I cannotbut here allude 
to one of the most able and distinguished sons of 
New Jersey, and one of the best representatives 
of Republican sentiment in that State, who, dur- 
ing the last presidential contest, maintained in his 
public speeches the constitutionality ofa fugitive 
slave law, although he entertains some ol.)jections 
to the present one. allude, sir, to Hon. William 
L. Dayton, who is prominently spoken of in con- 
nection with Mr. Lincoln 's Cabinet, whose tal- 
ents, constitutional learning, integrity of purpose, 
devotion to the Union, urbanity and dignity of 
manner, would, in my opinion, not only grace, 
but give great strength and character to that Cab- 
Not only, sir, has New Jersey not tarnished 
het fair name and records Wilh nullifying laws, 
but she has adopted a fugitive slave las•v of hcr 
own, which is full and complete, in all of its pro- 
visions, for the faithful return of the slave on de- 
mand and due proof of ownership. 
It is unneces- 
saryhere to recite those provisions; but they are all 
any slaveholder could desire for the protection of 
his property. Bu_t, sir, she has gone still further 
to manifist a kind and fraternal feeling towards 
her sister States of the South, in providing for 
any person, not un inhabitant of her State, who 
shall be traveling to or from, or passing through 
it, or coming into it, from any other of the United 
States, and having a temporary residence therein, 
to bring with him or her any slave or servant; 
and on removal or leaving the. State, to take such 
the number, however, 
slave or servant out of it; 
and frightened than the men of the South. What 
they do will depend on sober reflection and an 
honest conviction of right, duty, and just.ice. 
However objectionable these personal liberty 
bills may be, yet, in fact, what great injury or 
loss have they occasioned to the South ? Has not 
the fugitive slave law, as a general thing, been 
faithfully carried out? Are not the fugitive slaves, 
except in a few instances, on demand and satis- 
factory proof, delivered up to their masters? And 
suppose a few have escaped: is their number or 
value of sufficient consequence to outweigh the 
blessings and worth of the Union, and a suffcient 
cause for its dissolution ? 
But what fear is there, as far as Mr. Lincoln is 
concerned, that the fugitive slave law will not be 
fulky observed. In the first place, he has declared 
in favor of such a law; and secondly, he will be 
sworn to see the laws'ofthe Government faithfully 
executed; and if he does not, he will prove false to 
his oath of offce. May we not, then, safely take it 
for granted, both from his declarations and the 
oath ofoflice he will be called upon to assume, that 
the fugitive slave law will be safe in his hands, 
and that all the fears of the South in this respect 
are wholly groundless. 
Another ground of apprehension on the part of 
soull'kern men is, that they will be deprived of 
what they conceive to be their just rights in the 
common Territories of the Government. 
maintained that southern men have an equal right 
with those of lhc North to go into the Territories 
and take with them their slavc property. Now 
it is all true that the Torritories are open and 
common to all, from the North and South, East 
and West; and I should like to know into what 
'I'erritory the slaveholder is now prevented by 
any law of Congress from taking his slave prop- 
erty. None, sir; none. Nor will there be any such 
law enacted under the administration of Mr. Lin- 
coln. The Senate and next House of Represent- 
atives will be against the passage of any such law; 
and there is the Supreme Court of the United 
States to pronounce It, if passed, to be unconsti- 
tutional, as it has already done. 
It is the height 
of folly and mad ness, then, for southern men to be 
rushing out of the Union, and turning their backs 
upon the Government, and bidding it defiance, be- 
fore they are actually deprived of any of, what 
thcy consider, their constitutional rights. 
'l'his question of concrrcssiontkl l.n•ohibition is 
nov.,', I think, at an end. Ido not believe that the 
Republican party will press it, or make any effort 
to havo it established as the law of our Govern- 
ment; for the reason that they must see t.hc utter 
impossibility of effecting their object without a 
it is not for mc 
destruction of that Government. 
to dictate to that party what course to pursue in 
of such slaves or servants not to exceed the usual I i the present critical and dangerous condition of 
number of personal or household slaves or ser- 
vants ',vhich may bc kept and Inaintained by such 
traveler or temporary resident. 
After such an exhibition of fidelity to the Fed- 
eral Constitution, and of fraternal fccling towards 
the South on the part of New Jersey, ib ought, at . 
least, to satisfy the most infuriated disunionist.that 
the whole North is not abolitionizcd, as he most 
unjustly supposes, before he strikes a deadly blow 
at •the Government, disrupting every t.ie Which 
binds it together. 
But it is demanded that the northern States which 
have adopted these personal liberty bills should 
at once repeal "them, as a condition of the South 
remaining in the Union. Now, I wish with all my 
heart that these laws were repealed, on the ground 
of justice -to the South, and obedience to the Fed- 
eral Constitution; but whether they will bc rc- 
pealed or not is yet to be seen. In my opinion, 
they will be. Already steps have been taken in 
some of the northern States for that purpose. Let 
the country; but I know what would do if •a 
member of that party. It would be to fall back 
upon sorne fair and constitutional method, by 
which the disturbing question of slavery in thc 
Territories might be settled and put to rest for- 
Is it not high time, for the preservation of 
ever. 
the peace and 'fjerpetuity of the Union, that this 
was done? This question has long been the chief 
cause of sectional agitation, and of arraying the 
South against the Notth, until the country now 
stands on the very brink of ruin; 
and as long as 
we have two great sectional parties—the one de- 
Inandir,g the protection of slavery in the Territo- 
ries, and the other its prohibition—there will bc 
constant strife, vchemcnt declamation, and wild 
threats of disunion—disturbing the peace and cn- 
dangering the stability of our R.cpublic. Let us 
now' arrest this great and dangerous evil; and if 
once this question of slavery in the Territories is 
are, not •convertible. -terms. Republicanism is 
subordinate to Union, as. everything_ elSe_ig ;and. ought-r.tO* 
be—Republicanism, Democracy,every other political na'rue 
and thing; all are subordinate—and they- öüght: to E disap- 
pear in the presence of the great questiOn Union? 5 
Let them, then, and with: fraternal 
affection sand with eyes.fåstened upon,thät bright 
constellation which has sp long been our pride and 
glory, let us swear on the altar of our commop 
country not to permit one star to go down into 
endlesS night. 
i do not yet despair of the Re- 
public, but still see a ray of light „through- the 
dark and angry cloud which overhangs us, to en- 
courage our hearts, and lead us to expect:the full 
sunshine of joy; and peace, and happiness, to 
break once more upon our broad and beloved land. 
I should prefer, sir, that the doctrine of non-in- 
terventibn by Congr.ess with the question of sla- 
very in the Territories, should be made the basis 
of our sectional differences; thereby leaving the 
jeople to determine that question for themselves, 
like any other of their domestic institutions.. I 
have longmaintained this doctrine, as it is founded 
on the great principlc ofall popular Govern men ts— 
the will of the people; but in a spirit of conces- 
Sion and compromise, I am ready to sustain and 
vote for other propositions which have been sub- 
mitted. It is not my intention now to discuss 
any of these propositions; and I would simply 
signify my readiness to support the proposition of 
Senator RICE, with some modification, to divide 
the Térritories into two great States, to be called 
Washington and ,Tefferson; or the proposition 
introduced by the gentleman from Tennessee, 
[Mr. ETIIERIDGE,] to extend the Missouri com- 
promise line;and some others which might name, 
but which is unnecessary at ther present time. 
I am, sir, as you will perceive, for M)ncessi-on 
and compromise; and in cxpressing this senti- 
ment, T am but reflecting tbe views and wishes 
ofa great majority of the people of N cw Jersey, 
whorn I in part represent. would not. be a true 
and faithful Representative of that small but gal- 
lant State, if I was unwilling to yield to some 
fair and honorablc Ineasurc of adjustment for the 
It is' my' high honor 
preservation of thc Union. 
to represent a people who are devotedly attached 
to the Federal Constitution aud clie Union; and 
thcy iritend to preserve and defend both. New 
Jersey was Lhc third State, in point of time, to 
ratify and adopt that Constitution as thc supreme 
law of the land; and her rnany proud battle-fields 
are rich with the blood of her heroic sons, freely 
shed in the cause of American liberty. Thore is 
no State more strongly attached to the Union; 
and , as onc of her Representatives, itis my determ- 
ination to cling fast to it and preserve it, if in 
111 y power, by every fair, honorable, and patriotic 
And most fervently pray God that some 
peaceable scttlcment of our sectional differences 
may be adopted, which will be satisfactory to the 
fraternal and everlasting peace and friendship, 
under one common Federal Governmcnt, and un- 
der one common and 'Florious flag. 
'Tis the star-spangled banner ; Oh, long may it wave 
O'er the land of the free, and the home of Elle brave." 
The spirit of concession, Mr. Chairman, is a 
generous and manly spirit. 
It requires, too, much 
more real moral courage to display it than to ad- 
here persisten tly and doggedly to one's own opin- 
ion and a particular line of policy. It was this 
high-souled and maonanimous spirit which ani- 
mated the breasts of the fathers of the Republic, 
and wliic,h brought into existence the Fcderål 
Constitution and - our glorious Uniön. Wash- 
ington, the president of the convention which 
permanently settled, our country will bound on it foi•med that Constitution, in a letter dated Septem- 
ber 17, 1787, in submitting to the old Congress 
wit,h renewed energy, and with giant slridcs, to 
still further and grander heights of greatness and that sacred instrument, used the following lan- 
the South proceed and make their appeal to north- 
ern men, and show the injüstice and unconstitu- glory. And now, that the great leader of the Re- gutUre, I would most carnestly commend 
tionality of these laws, and they may in this way publican party has spoken in such sweet strains to the attentive consideration of every member of 
be able to create a reaction in public opinion, and of conciliation and peace, why those who 
effect their object. There is a sense of justice and have long admired and followed hirn hesitate to i 
of rioht in the northern breast whiéh may be imitate his patriotic. example. Mr. SEWARD, in 
his recent speech in the Senate—no less marked 
strongly appealed to; and through it is a rnore I 
likely way for the South to effect their ohject than E for its greatelegance of style and oratorical power' 
than for its kin-d and conciliatory character—sank 
by any threats and efforts to dissolve the Union. 
the partisan in the patriot and" statesman, when 
The mass of the peoplc at the North, no matter 
to what political party they belong, intend to do he uttered these patriotic and Union-lovinff words: 
Eight, and will do right, if the clear way is only 
Beyond a doubt, union is vitally important to thc Ite- 
pointed out to them by calm reason and convinc- 
publican citizens of tbe United States ; 
but it is einst as 
mg argument. But they are no more to be driven important to the whole people. Republicanism and Union 
this House: 
In 71!1 our deliberation*on this subject, we kept steadily 
in onr vievv' that which appears tn us the greatest interest 
of every true A nicricau, the consolidation of-the Union, in 
which is involved our prosperity, iZlicity, safety, perhaps 
our national existence. This inrportant consideration, se- 
riously and deeply impressed on our zninds. led each State 
in the convention to be less rigid on points of inferior mag- 
Jlitude than Enigtlt have been otherwise exp •ctf•d; mid thus 
the Constitution which we now present, iS the result of a 
spirit of a y and o? that tn utual deference and concc•sior 
tch the peculiarity of our political situation rendered 
ind ispensable. 
