398 
the new confederation. She would furnish the 
expand; that it shall bc confined to its present 
limit's, thereby insuring its fina[ destruction* 'l'hc South with horses, mules, cattle, hogs, hemp, 
lead, iron, copper, and a 'large arnoullt of man- 
Cohstitution, according to his interpretation of 
it, is nointerposition to the accomplishment of i uf'actured articles, protected as she would be, by 
r I'he guarantee 0K' one of the plainest 5 a moderate tariff for revenue; she would, to a 
these ends. 
provisions of that instrument has not only been great extent, cet rid of the competition she now 
disregarded, but nine ten States have enacted has, in that market, from the non-slaveholdin« 
legislative acts designed and intended to prevent States. We certainly have nod)ing to lose, so 
the execution of the " fugitive slave aci" mado far as our material interests are involved, by con- 
for the preservation of our property, in conformity necting our destiny with our southern friends. 
shopld do unto you" under like circumsutnccs. , The North, however, should remember that the 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 15, 
to an express provision of the Constitution. And 
one of these States but the other day—yes, Penn- 
sylvania, the Keyetone of the Federal arch 
—soi- 
cmnly and deliberately, in view of the impending 
perils that now environ our Union, refused to 
repeal its unjust and unconstitutional legislation. 
With- all these evidences before us, and number- 
less others, of thc ultimate annihilation of our 
property and the destruction of our rights, is 
there any class of men so blinded by passion, 
prejudice, or fanaticism, as to suppose for a mo- 
ment that we will remain in the Union, and sub- 
mit to these wrongs? If the people of the non- 
Then, and I fear not till then, will we have our 
rights protected, and escape from the continual 
strife, troubles, and annoyances to which we are 
constantly subjected by our northern neighbors. 
But, notwithstanding all those things, our loyalty 
and attachment to this Union is such, that we 
prefer to remain a part of this great Confederacy, 
if our rights can and will be protected, and we 
permittcd to enjoy oür property in peace and se- 
curily. If this boon is to be denied us, Mis- 
souri will not long hesitate to go where her honor 
and her interest if) vite her to go. 
I regret, however, that candor compels me to 
slaveholding States •.vcrc occupy-mg our position, say, that L entertain serious apprehensions that 
the North will never acrain concede to us our just 
educated in thought, feeling, and sentiment as we 
are, with $4,000,000,000 worth of property vested 
in slaves, could they—would they submit? Never; 
no, never! Why not, then, exemplify that golden 
rule, SQ necessary to the peace an-cl happiness of 
the world: Do unto others as you vvould thcy 
I am not here to-day to utter threats or menaces 
—that day has passed away—I am uttering that 
which you know, and I to be true. You I 
know, as well as I do, that this slavery agitation 
is rapidly culminating in thc.' overthrow of onc 
of the noblest Republics that carth ever bchcld; 
arid nothing short of the most expansive and ex- 
alted patriotism, sustained by the most. godlike 
forbearance on the part Df the people of the slave 
States, has preserved it thus long. 
Missouri, the State that I ha-vc the honor in 
part to represent, though assailed u pon e very side 
—suffcrino• more injury from the enen)ies ot• sla- 
very than any othci• State in the Union 
—was dis- 
posed to bear these wrongs, so long as there was 
a reasonable hope for their redre»s, and to 
the people of the frcc States time to reconsider 
their action, and finally determine whether their 
prejudices against our instit.ution, for which they 
are not responsible, and which should not con- 
cern theü), are stronger than their love for the 
Union. If they still value the Union, and are 
desirous of preserving it, ali they have to do, is 
to give us that which our fathers left us—peace, 
security, equal rights, and equal privileges, under 
the Constill.ltion of our common country. If you 
will repeal you ' '.pcrsonal li betty bills ; ' 
recocrn 
and full constitutional rights—nevcr permit us to 
live upon terms of peace and equality; that. her 
hostility to the institution of slavery is, so violent 
and uncompromising, that she will never again 
cease to assail it as long as it exists in the Union. 
of such a com•se is the inevitable dismem- 
INrmcnt. of thc Union, and the eternal postpone- 
ment of a reconstruction of the Governinent. 
Momcnlous events, now thronging rapidly upon 
us, must surely satisfy you of the unfaltering de- 
termination of the South, whether in or out of the 
Union, to defend and preserve her slave properly, 
at every sacrifice of blood and treasure that may 
bc dcrnanded. 
We are told that the difficulties betwccn the 
North and t.hc South should be compromised, in 
ord(.n• that tbc Union rnay be preserved. Sir, I 
greatly dcsirc that this Union shall be saved; there 
is no personal sacrifice that I would not make to 
perpetuate this Union, for all time to coine, with 
the provisions of' the Constitu lion fully and fairly 
en {t) rc,ed. VVithout the guarantees of that instru- 
ment, I hesitate not to say that tbc Union is a 
curse, the Government a despotism. What 
compromise do you suppose the South will ever 
Inake, yielding more than is surrendcred by thc 
aunendmcnts proposed by the eloquent and patri- 
otic Senator from Kentucky? That proposition 
is so liberal us to excludc us, with our property, 
from three fourths of the Territories of the United 
States, while you are allowed to occupy, equally 
with us, the rmnaining one fourth, south of 360 
I and enjoy an equal 
ight with us, in the form- 
properly in sla vcs; enforce the execution of the 
ation of State constilutions south of that line. 
"fugitive slave act.;" perrnit us, as did your fathers, 
to travel through the country with our properly And although the Supreme Court of the Uniled 
urnnole.*ted; let us go to the rrerritories of the States—the ablest and most ixnparLial tribunal 
known to the country—uninfluenced by party 
United States—property for which we shed our 
and party fti(hling, have decided that we 
clamor 
blood and paid our money—with our slaves, and 
under the Constitution, to tro to all 
the country renntins , 
havc them protected while 
the r rerritories of the. United States with our slave 
t.() in tu.n•fere willi 
in a territorial condition; cease 
property, and have it protected; still, patriotism, 
slavery where it now exists; cease to abuse and 
an ardent love for the Union formed by our fath- 
denounce us—then fraternal relations can be rc- 
i ers, us to yield and accept the proposi- 
stored between us, and upon no other terjns,• 
adopt one of two alternatives: either secede from 
the Union, and reconstruct the Government, in 
whole or in part, by the readoption of the Con- 
stitution of the United States, with explanatory 
amendments, giving us ample protection, and set- 
ting at rest the agitation of the slavery question 
forever, and inviting the other States to accept it; 
or they should prese-nt their ultimatum—the terms 
upon which they are willing to remain in the 
Union—allowing suffcient time for action on the 
part of the free States; and if not accepted by them, 
they should all secede, and form another confed- 
eration, wlaereby they could secure the full cn- 
joymcnt of all their rights, and live in peace and 
security. I would also suggest, most. respectfully, 
to the Legislature of my State, in session, 
that, as a measure of peace, prudence, and safety, 
the military system of Missouri should be imme- 
. diately reorganized. The militia should be armed, 
and all efficient preparations made necessary to 
our protection and defense, in any emergency, 
without a moment 's delay. 
Mr. C littimnan, I propose now to say a few 
words to my friends in the slaveholding States 
that still remain in the Union. We are evidently 
in the midst of a great crisis, involving consider- 
ations of the deepest and most profound interest. 
Never was an occasion presented to intelligent 
men that demanded the exercise of morc coolness, 
firmness, deliberat.ion, wisdom, and prudence, 
than the present. What means this movement in 
which wo are ? In the language of another, 
' it means that this confederation of States shali 
be broken up,and its fragments scattcrcd; that the 
flag which has carried our næune so proudly alk 
over the globe—the signal of hope and protection 
to the oppressed everywhere—shall be struck, and 
known no more among tbc nations of the earth; it 
means the overthrow of our national greatness, 
the extraction of our national hope." Let civil 
war attend it, and " it means spreading all over 
our land social alienations; the sundering of fam- 
ilics and friends; mistrust, jealousy, commercial 
derangcrnent, loss, wrong, violence, injury, retal- 
; all this it rneans, and much rnore that can 
iation 
be imtv»ined." 
i view of these tremendous consequences, with 
due deference to the judgment of rny southern 
friends, I must be permitted to say that the action 
of the Gulf States is too hasty and precipitate. 
The step that some of them have taken , and others 
propose speedily to take, is one not only of mo- 
ruentous interest to them, but they should remem- 
ber that it is one which deeply affects the action 
and interests of the other slaveholding States. It 
may involve them in the most serious and compli- 
cated diffcu\ties. While I readily concede the 
right of a State, at any time, to resume all the 
powers originally delegated by her to the General 
Govermnent, I snbnnit,in no offensive sense, that 
it is not respectful to the border States, nor liberal 
and magnanimous, thus suddenly and rashly to 
separate frorn them. It may be that this rapid and 
the States that. havc lion—you have refused, and I doubt not, will I 
this Union can be l')reserved•, 
seceded reunited; and we stilt march on to further 
attainments in greatness and renown. T hc enjov- 
ment of these constitutional guaran tees by us docs 
not interfere with any of your rights, retard your 
prosperity, lessen the value of your property, or 
endanger your iivcs, and those of your wives and 
your children; while, on the other hand, they arc 
necessary to secure to us these rights and bless- 
In t.he event of a denial of these constitutional 
rights 10 the people of ny State, I see no other 
alternative but servile submission and degrada- 
col')tinue to refuse, and thereby rend asunder all 
the ties that bind the Union together. Be it so; 
the responsibility , with all its fearful consequences, 
wili rest upon you, not us. 
My section of the Union have never asked nor 
than its constitutional rights. 
(Icinanded more 
You surely do 110t entertain so contemptiblc an 
opinion of us as to suppose that we \vill surren- 
der them at your bidding, and thereby make out- 
sol ves inferiors in this Government. The major- 
it y of the people of the free States have presump- 
tuously, to say the least of it, by the election of 
almost Inomentary action on your parl will ne- 
ccssarily precipitate other States into revolution 
before they arc prepared for such an event. 
In such a crisis as this, big With events, in- 
volving the destiny of a Rrea-t people, I think it 
exceedingly unwisc and injudicious for the slave 
States to act without concert, union, and harmony. 
We are one in feeline, one in sentiment, one in 
interest, and we should be one in a common des- 
tiny. We ought not to separate from each other 
in the hour of peril, of danger, and of oppression. 
We should stand unfalteringly by each other, and 
unitedly participate in a common destiny, whether 
for weal or woe; and hope the remaining slave 
If the self-sacrificing forbear- 
States will so act. 
ance, patriotism; and love of Union, still abiding 
in the people of the States of Virginia and Ken- 
tucky, Delaware, Maryland, and Missouri—bor- 
der States, continually exposed and subjected to 
tion on the one hund, or secession on the other; Mr. Lincoln, with the indorsement of his views the assaults consequent upon this ant'i-slavery 
which of the two she will choose, I think there and principles, decided, as wo believe, that we frenzy that has seized upon the people Of the 
—induce them to believe that it is their duty 
shall not have them; the southern people arc un- North 
It is that she cannot 
can be no doubt. 
alterably detcrmincd that they will; if not. ill the to resort, to other rneans than immediate disunion, 
be iniurcd in 
any of her social, commercial, or 
And to-day, speaking to ascertain more certainly whether their rights 
rnaterial interests, by uniting with a southern con- Union, then out of it. 
Y— from this Capitol, I hesitate not to say that, in l! cannot yet bc sccurcd and respected in the Union, 
federation. Possessing her im mensc territ.ory 
Iny.judgment, Missouri and the other border slave 
unsurpassed in climate, the richness of her soil, 
thc variety of her productions, the extent of her States, should meet in convention as early in the 
month of February as practicable; and if, by the 
minerals, with a larger population than any Of 
hersouthcrn sisters, save one,she certainly would, time they assemble, Congress shall not.have pro- 
posed amendments to the Constitution whereby 
under the fostering care of that Government, be- 
come one of the grcatcst arid wealthiest States in their rights shall be fully protected, they should 
and this great Confederacy of States preserved; 
ought the cotton States, even in justice to them- 
selves, to assume the fearful responsibility of sep- 
arating from the border States? Comrnon*cour- 
i tesy and respect, mutuality of interest and fra- 
i ternal affection, demanded that thev should have 
