406 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 16, 
it as no other country has ever before done under 
heaven. There is m that instrument but one 
single-clause irrepealable, and that is the clause 
which gives the• State o? Rhode Island as many 
Senators as the State of Kentucky. That you 
cannot repeal without unan imous consent, and that 
is the only one that now remains. There was 
another about slaves, but the time has gone by, 
and laws have been passed on the subject. 
Now, I put this coriparison to the Senator from 
Kentucky: suppose that he and myself and eleven 
others had concluded to form a business partner- 
ship under articles of agreement, and we had 
agreed to pay in $1 ,000 each, for the purposc of 
trying to raise water-rotted hemp in Kentucky; 
we inserted in our articles of agreement that any- 
body who would put in ,000 could come in upon 
the footing of the original partners, and that the 
business should not bc altered without a votc of 
three fourths of the partners. That would be fair. 
Well, we thirteen wcnt on and took in partners 
and raised hemp, and divided twelve per cent. 
That would be a fair business, not as prosperous 
as this country has been, but it would bc remu- 
nerative business. Suppose we took in new part- 
ners until we got in thirty-nine besides ourselves. 
Then there are thirty-nine new ones, who can 
make a constitutional majority over the old thir- 
teen. They conclude arnong themselves, in a 
meeting in Wall street, (for if it paid twelve per 
cent. it, would be from there the new partners 
would come, and •not from farmers, as we are,) 
and determine, by their vote of thirty-nine against 
the old thirteen, to drop hemp-raising and go into 
slave trading. W c should remonstrate.- We 
should say: That is an illc'ral business; it is 
profitable, to be sure, but it is ille«ral 
b , and you 
have no Fitrht to change this concern into an Ille- 
gal one.' 
'Elit•y say: It was legal when 
you made this bargain; you old fogies have 
changed it since, but we had nothing to do with 
changing this law; it was law fill traffic originally, 
whelu the contract was drawn;" and they persist 
in it. We look over the cc)lltract, a [though 
it is very different our u [Idcrstanding of what 
x.vc have agreed to do, yet he and I would bc 
obliffed to submit. We are law-abiding we 
believe in contracts. 
Rut suppose, aft.er (rettin«r 
us into the slave trade, they should make another 
provision, that this last speculation never should 
bc altered without the unanimous consent of the 
whole partnership; that we should continue the 
slave trade as long as there wasa thief or a liar in 
the concern. What would he think of that? We 
would not agree to it, I know. Hc would say: 
r Phis is carrying the Business too far." 
Thut is just the proposition now here. We 
want to aller t.his Constitution from what Lho 
fathers made it. We wanl to alter the mode of its 
amendrnent,and put in seven new clauses that can 
never be repealed, no matter what public senti- 
mcnt, 171ay be, without a unanimous vote; so that 
onc single State, if wc have forty, can rn•cvent 
I "know, when I 
thc repeal of' any one of' them. 
address rnysell' as i do to Ille 
ono rable Senator 
from 
that hc would not vote for that 
proposition hirnsclfunderanycirctunstances. Hc 
would contrive some other method to heal these 
troubles; and I would go with 
hilY1 with all mv 
heart; but do not let us tear up this instrumcllt 
under which we have prospered, which hc glories 
in as much as I do. I do not want to make, a I 
speech about it; but I know when love my coun- 
try and its Constitution. No, man can make me 
believe thul I do not venerate that instrument; 
that I do not veneratc tbc Union that it fortncd. 
I am under no apprehension whatever that there f 
is a man who hears me that doubts my regard for 
every one of these States in the Union, and their 
institutions. I love Kentucky. love South Car- 
olina. I lived among them more than fifty years 
aco. I have partaken of their hospitalities. I 
have walked to the same churches with them, and 
knelt at the same altar; and a more hoyitrable 
people never lived. But as much as I love them, 
I say their present conduct is utterly unworthy 
of them; and the Senator from Kentucky must 
know that as well as I do. Bccausc they want i 
to cut up capers, are we goino• to tear up that 
ago. have been out there on patrol in the night 
to watch. They were frightened about insurrec- 
tion. There is always danger, they think. I 
never was afraid there in my life, The only 
place where I ever saw any of this necro equality 
as it is called, was in Georgia. N man kept a 
hotel in what was formerly the seat of govern- 
It was a tavern, a very large one, kept 
ment. 
by a Frenchman of the name of Posener. He 
invited me one day to go up and see his wife. 
I 
was a boy at the time. I went up, and found she 
was a great, burly negress. [Laughter.] I had 
nothing to say about her. 'I'hat was the only 
time I ever saw that, and I was disgusted with it. 
I never saw it in New England in rny life, much 
as the talk is about necrro equality there. These 
Georgia people can stand their own troubles very 
well; but when there are any troubles down in 
Massachusetts, they get in a violent passion. 
They will have amalgamation and negro equality 
all around them there at the capital of the govern- 
ment; but I do not want to say anything about it. 
1 dislike it, to be sure; but it is not best to make 
a noise about it. 
The Republican party cannot insert a portion 
of the Declaration of Independence into its plåt- 
form, but it is said that we mean the social equal- 
ity of the negroes. I wonder if Jefferson meant 
that when he wrote it. These old men that signed 
it did not think any such thing. 
It is " young 
America" that has brought their doctrine into 
disrepute. Our distinguished Vice President, in 
a speech last year, read an old resolution of the 
Republican party of 1856, in which the word 
equality" was not in. It was left out for some 
reason or other. 
It was copied from that old- 
fashioned Declaration; and he said that careful 
scrutiny of it would show it meant negro cqual- 
ity. There was not a word about equality in it. 
do not know where he got it; but I suppose all 
that was there was copied from Jefferson. We 
cannot makc a but what a diseased im- 
næination can torturc it into anything, especially 
in t *lese times. I have bccn to tLcsc national cön- 
ventions ever since [ can always 
as a dclcoatc. 
'l'hc first one I went to, Rhode Is- 
land bad the honor of voting for the author of 
these resolutions for Vice President of the United 
States; and if thc rest of then") had becn as wise 
as we were, we should have had power to this 
day, in my deliberate judgment, taking what prov- 
identially happened;' but we caught a 'l'artar. 
1 have never voted for a Presi(lcnt in my lifö 
since I was a voter, when I did not prefer a man 
born in u 'slave Stute to one born in a free State. 
I have voted for forty years or more, aud I al- 
ways preferred them; not because they lived thcre, 
but because they happened to havc done more for 
their country, my opinion, than the candidates 
in our end of the country. Whcnevcr I was in 
a convention, I never voted for anybody that was 
not born in a slave State; and whenever there has 
been anybody up för President, and there were 
electors running in my State for a man bori'l in a 
slave State, I voted for him withöut caring where 
hc was born. 
I was for Mr. Clay acyainst Mr. 
Adams in 1824; and if therc had been any ticket 
rnn in my Statc I would have voted for him, al- 
though Mr. Adams was a good man and gave us 
one of thc best administrations I ever knew. I 
nevcr had but one idol, and I never mean to have 
another in the shape of a man. 
It is almost as 
bad as to set up cotton for king. 
the Siamese pattern—ea first king and a second 
king. [Laughter.] He wants to elect them both, 
and Ict both have a veto. We have been pestered 
enough with vetoes since have been here; and 
I would rather take the veto away from the one 
man than give it to two. You cannot along 
with this Government, it seems, unless you let 
the minority rule some way or other. That is 
the whole practical question now. The minority 
want to rule, and they are afraid of the people— 
literally so. 
I wish I- could see a proposition that I could 
hear somebody who was disaffected say would 
satisfy him. 
I have not heard one of thcm sav 
so. The Senator from Texas said if we would do 
about forty things that he knew we would not 
do, he would then consider. That is the nearest 
approach to a settlement that I have heard . [Laugh- 
tcr.] If we would stop the pulpits, burn the school- 
houses, suppress the newspapers, imprison thc 
Abolitionists, and break up this Government, 
everythintr that is here now, hc would think 
about staying in. [Laughter.] Hc would take it 
into consideration; 
he wucdd not pledge himself, 
he said. Oh, no! [Laugbtcr•.] YVeEl, now, f likc 
tho Senator from r i'exas. 
I like Ilitu on account 
better half." [Laughter.] She came fronq 
Rhode Island; and he will take anything say on 
her account, I know, without feeling unkindly to 
me. 
Mr. President, it is a great question. Those 
people '.vho have seceded will find a bigger sum 
than they ever ciphered out before. 
I want to 
see how they will cipher it out, before we move. 
Let those people that are afraid take care. 
tm not afraid. If I were, I should take care. 
1 
would do any thing in reason to rernove this dis- 
satisfaction. 1 feel mournful when I think of it. 
But I want somebody that is troubled, and wants 
it relieved, to suggest how we can relieve it. 
Kentucky is as loyal a State as ever was in the 
Union. They want something, 
know. The 
people havo been aroused by this election, as 
IS natural. All presidential elections excite a 
crreat deaf of feeling; and for that reason it is the 
worst tirne. in the world to try to amend the Con- 
stitution. They havc talked it so long that they 
begin to believe it themselves, that tbc Republi- 
can party Ineans to endanger their institutions. I 
said here four years ago, when first took my 
seat under a neur name—I used to come under 
anot.hcn• name—I was about the samc man I was 
before—and I said that if i found myself in a 
party that undertook to disturb the institutions of 
the South, I would quit that party immediately. 
so will. 
I have been in it now ibur years, and 
I have yet to see or hear the first man amoncr oun• 
party who proposes any such tliing. 
I have no 
such party attachment as would keep me in a 
party that i lhought meant to break the Consti- 
tution. 
As to the President elect, hc is from Kentucky. 
All his social ties arc in Kentucky. As has been 
well remarked by a Senator, he has not only said 
what he would do, but he has said what hc would 
not do; and I do not believe there cau be two in- 
fercnccs about that. Smne candidates only say 
what they wili do ; but Mr. Lincoln has not lcfc 
you to infer what he will not do. I-Te has told 
you himself what he. will not do. That is the 
man we have elected; and you can find in his 
record that he not disturb stavcry anywhere. 
I-Ie is acyainst any such thing; and if he were not, 
I mean to treat this subject with all the gravity he has family connections, social ties, and kin- 
I know it is one of drcd, that would prevent him. These are higher 
that its dimensions demand. 
I have thought of guaran tees than parchment. 
the most diffcult questions. 
I would rathcr have 
it, and looked into tbc fn•c more than a hundred the fervent, effectual prayer of a righteous Inau 
hours since I have been here, not sayino•a word, 
for this Union, than all you can write on parch- 
to try if' I could sec the way out peaceably; and ment to save it. 
I am just ag young as youngest boy about it. 
I thought when I got up that I would keep my 
Nobody has any experience in such questions as voice from rising, because when men 's voices rise, 
this; for nobody ever dreamt that mankind would sometimes their feelings get the better of them. 
have such folly as is now exhibited. What are 
thought I would talk as if I was éalkine to my 
they qciarreling about? Literally nothino. This brothers, making notarguments but sug€estions. 
Govern ment has been in their hands, as was said No man felt more deeply impressed with the beau- 
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. WADE,] for the tiful effort of the Senator from New York [Mr. 
last eight years. Practically, the South have had SEWARD] than I did. It came from the right quar- 
this Government for sixty years out of seventy- II ter to give peacé. 
But the very next speech that 
two; and they talk about sectionalism, and some was made after it, was the bitterest I have heard 
instrument to appcase theni? Not we. Let them of the remedies to get rid ofa sectional party are, 
in the Senate. T_hat was the response. I say this 
have a little bit of a frolic, if they want to. I to make a sectional constitution, run aline through, ; I with the utmost kindness to my friend from Mis- 
do not want to whip them. That is not my no. and give half to one side where there is one third souri, [MP who made that speech. 
It was 
tion. I do not want to hui•t them. 
the people! The Senator from Virginia [Mr. very bitter. T hc effort of the Senator from New 
I love Georgia. I lived with them fifty years II HUNTER] wants a sortof double Executive—after i York did not seem to have appeased him at alL 
