1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
409 
to slave labor or that is claimed by the South. It 
ought to settle the wholc question. Surely if we 
can dispose of all the territory that we have, we 
ought not to quarrel over that which we have 
not, and which we have no very honest way of 
acquiring. Let us settle the difficulties that threaten 
us now, and not anticipate those which may never 
come. Let the public mind have time to cool; let 
us forget, in the general prosperity, tho mutual de- 
pendence, and the common glory of our country, 
that we have ever quarreled over the question that 
we have put at rest; an(l perhaps when, 
in the 
march of events, the northern provinces of Mex- 
ico are brought under our sway, they may come 
in without a ripple on the political sea, whose 
tumultuous waves now thrcatcn to ingalfus all in 
one common ruin. 
In offering to settle this question by the admis- 
Sion of New Mexico, we of the North who assent 
to it propose a great sacrifice, and offet• a large 
concession. We propose to take in a State that 
is deficient in population, and that possesses but 
imperfectly many of the elements ofa member of 
the Union, and ihat will require, in one form or 
another, cven after its admission, the aid of the 
General Government. But we make the offcr in 
a spirit of compromise and good feeling, which 
we hope will be reciprocated. 
And now, Mr. Presidcnt, I appeal to Senators 
on the other side, when we thus offer to 
over full seven eighths of the frightful chasm that 
separates us, will you not build the other eighth ? 
When, with outstretched arms, we approach you 
so near that, by reaching out your hands you can 
clasp ours in the fraternal grasp from which they 
should never be separated, will .you, with földcd 
arms and closed eyes, stand upon extreme de- 
mands which you know we cannot accept, and 
for which, if did, svc could not, carry our con- 
stituents ? 
I had not intended to take part in this debate; 
but since so many have participated in it, I was 
unwilling that it should close till I had added my 
voice to the more powerful ones that l')ave been 
raised on the side of moderate counsels, fidelity 
to the Constitution, and unalterable attachment 
to the Union. I wishcd also to express my ap- 
probation •of the conservative, statesmanlike, and 
patriotic speech of thc Scpator frorn New York. 
Tho Senator from Delaware has said that his 
State, as it had been the first to adopt the Federal 
Constitution, so she would be t.l'lß last to desert 
it. That claim I shall dispute with him. The 
State that I have the honor, in part, to represent, 
was the last of the old thirteen to adopt the Con- 
stitution. She will permit no other State to be 
the last to leave it. She will remain truc to the , 
American flag so long asa shred of it floats. She I 
deliberated long, because she apprehended Ihat in 
entering into the Union she made great sacrifices 
and incurred great risk of loss. Shc has found I 
that, instead of sacrifice and loss, it has been all I 
glory and gain. 
Mr. President, the times demand wisdom, mor.l- 
eralion, conciliation. 'The Constitution is to bc 
preserved in thc spirit in which it was framed— 
by mutual forbearance; by a liberal interpretation 
of each other's motives, and by a generous con- 
fidence of the people of every section in the peo- 
ple of c verv other section. -Whoever attempts 
to destroy or to impair that confidence points an 
arrow at tho heart of his country. Whoever at.- 
tennpts to strengthen or to restore it invokes upon 
himself the benediction that was pronounced on 
the peace-makers. 
However we may be estranged by unfortunate 
and, I trust, transient causes, we are all brethren 
Intermarriage and immigra- 
of one household. 
tion have given to the families of eitl-ler section 
representatives in the other. You cannot trace 
back you e family tree but some of its lirnbs will 
casb their shadows in evory State. The blood of 
your ancestors flowed at Lexington , and reddened 
the sod of Bunker Hill; the bayonets of ours 
gleamed at the battle of Cowpens; and the sword 
of a Rhode Island n-:an, to whom my colleague 
has so eloquently referred, directed the fight at 
Eutaw Springs. That day he made good the dec- 
laration that he would rescue the Carolinas, or 
pcrnsh in the attempt. 
our fathers achieved the independ• 
ence of their country; together they laid the {bun- 
dations of its greatness and itsglorv; together they 
constructed this beautiful system under which it i's 
our privilege to live, which it is our duty to pre- 
serve and to transmit. Together wc enjoy that 
privilege; together we must perform that duty. I 
will not believe that, in the madness of popular 
folly and delusion, the most benignant Govern- 
ment that ever blessed humanity is to be broken 
up. I will not believe that this great Power, 
which is marching with giant steps toward the 
first place among the nations of the earth, is 
to be turned backward on its mighty track." 
There are no grievances, fancied or real, that can- 
not be redressed within the Union and under the. 
Constitution. There are no differences between 
us that may not bc settled if we will take them 
up in the spirit of those to whose places we have 
succeeded, and the fruits of whose labors we have 
inherited. [Applause in the galleries.] 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The Chair will 
be obliged to order the galleries to be cleared if 
that noise is repeated. 
Mr. COLLAMER. As we have probably 
heard all the discussion that gentlemen desire to 
make on these resolutions to-day, I wish to suc- 
gest, as the Kansas bill has los_t Its position upon 
the Calendar, that it may be taken up, with a 
view to fix a day for its consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can only be 
done by unanimous consent. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 call for the yeas and 
nays on that question. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did 
not hear the fast reinark of the Senator. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 say 1 to call up 
the Kansas bill, with a view to fix a day for its 
consideration. I now n-nove that the Senate take 
up that bill; and on that question I call for the 
yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the sexF 
ator make some disposition of the business nowr 
the Senate ? 
Mr. COLL,kMER. 1 move that it be post- 
poned. I believe thcsc resolutions have never 
been made a special order at all. 
Mr. HUNTER. Senator from Vermont 
will give nie his ear, I wish to suggest to him, if 
he interms to make ita special order, that to-mor- 
row, at half past twelvc o'clock, I shall ask the 
Senatc to take up the deficiency bill. If any other 
(lay is named, I shall not object. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 move that the subject 
now before 
t.hc Senate l.)e postponed , for the pur- 
pose of taking trp the Kansas bill, which was 
assigned for to-day . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques- 
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Vor- 
mont, to postpono the resolutions offered by the 
Senator from Kentucky, now undm• consideration, 
with a view to take up tl-le bill (H. R. No. 23) for 
tho admission of Kansas into the Union. 
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire the yeas and nays 
on that. question. 
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 30; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron, 
Chandler, Clark, Coliamer, Dixon, Dooliti]c, J)urkce, Fes- 
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, I-iar:an, King, Sew- 
ard, Simmons, Sumner, 'I'CII Eyck, rrrumbull, Wade, 
Wilkinson, and Wilson—25. 
NAYS—Messrs.nayard, Benjamin, Biglcr, Bragg, Bright, 
Fitch, Greeil, Gw•in, 
Clingman, Crittenden, Douglas, 
Mr. GREEN. - With- of the Sena- 
tor, I wish to -håve an executive session. 
Mr. HUNTER. subject on the 
table. 
Mr. GREEN. I will wait -until the vote, is 
taken on that motion. 
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator wishes to speak, 
I will withdraw the rdotion. 
Mr. GREEN. at all. 
I desire to have 
an executive session after - the vote is taken on 
your motion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to lay 
the resolutions on the table. 
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays. 
Oh, no." ] Well, I withdraw the call. 
The motion was agreed to. 
RAILROAD TO PACIFIC. 
Mr. BIGLER. I now renew the motion to 
proceed to the consideration of executive busi- 
ness. 
Mr. G WIN. I ask the Senator to waive that 
motion for a moment. 
I hope the Senate will 
agrec to take up the Pacific railroad bill, and let 
it be the unfinished business at the adjournment, 
so that it can come up for consideration to-mor- 
row. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion 
to proceed to the consideration of executive busi• 
ness is before the Senate, unless it is withdrawn. 
Mr. GWIN. I hope t.he Senator from Penn- 
sylvania will withdraw that motion, in order that 
we may take up the railroad bill, and leave it as 
the unfinished business. After the bill is taken 
up, I shall be willing to proceed at once to the 
consideration of executive business. 
Mr. BIGLER. If it creates no diffculty, I 
will withdraw the motion. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 move to take up the Pacific 
railroad bill, in order that it may be left as the 
unfinished business, and then I shall be. in fhvor 
of an executive session. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 will make no opposition to 
thåt, if the Senator will give w.ay long enough to- 
morrow for me to take up the deficiency bill. 
Mr. GWIN. Certainly. 
Mr. HUNTER. It is important that that bill 
should bc acted on to-morrow. 
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection to that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the naotion of the Senator from California. 
Tbc unotion was agreed to; and the Senate, as 
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con- 
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 701) to secure 
contracts, and make provision for the safe, cer- 
tan'), and morc speedy transportation, by rail- 
road, of rnails, troops, munitions of war, military 
and naval stores, between the Aliantic States and 
those of the Pacific, and for other purposes, the 
pending question being on the amendment offered 
by Mr. BENJAMIN, to strike out, in the thirty- 
fourth and thirty-fifth lines of the first section, 
the words, 
'a majority of such grantees shall 
admit as their associates," and to insert in lieu 
thereof the followino•: 
Shall choose to associate with them and becmne with 
thein subscribers and for that purpose, as here- 
inaner provided. 
Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson. Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson Mr. BIGLER. Now, I renew my motion for 
of Tennessee, Kennedv. Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, 
Pearce, Polk. Powell, • Pugh, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, , 
Slidell, and Wigfall—30. 
So the motion was not agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is op the amend inent offered by the Senator fronl 
New Hampshire, as a substitute for the resolu- 
an executive session. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Is the railroad bill dis- 
posed of? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not yet. The 
pending question now is, that the Senate proceed 
to the consideration of executive business. 
Mr. G WIN. I want to leave the bill as the 
tions; and on that question the yeas and nays unfinished business. 
have been ordered. 
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will 
The question being taken by yeas and nays, 
indulge me a moment, I desire, for the purpose 
resulted—yeas 25, nays 23; as follows: 
I suggested before, to move to take up the Kan- 
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Binghmn, Camcron 
' sas bill, with a vicw to fix a time at which the 
Chandler, Clark, Col]mner, Dixon, Doolittle, I)urkee, Fcs- 
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Ilarlan, King, Seward, Senate will consider it. 
I move that the bill for 
Simmons, Sumner, 'Pen Eyck, 'i'rumbull, Wade, Wilkin- 
son, aud VViIson—25, 
Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Cling- 
man, Crittenden, Fitch, Green. Gwin, II unter, Johnson of 
Tennesscc, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, ! 
Pearce, Polk. Powell, Pugh, Rice, Saulsbury, and Sebas- 
tian—23. 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no 
further atuendment before the Senate. 
Mr. PUGH. I move to lay the resolutions on 
the table. 
the admission of Kansas be now taken up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
will state -to the Senator that the Pacific railroad 
bill is now before the Senate, and while before 
the Senate, the Senator from Pennsylvania moves 
to proceed to the consideration of executive busi- 
ness. 
1V1r. COLLAMER. 1 understood the 
man to suspend his motion for an executive ses- 
Sion in order that I mioht bring this subject up. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 withdrew it for the Sena- 
