THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 16, 
statesmanship to meet questions as they arise ; and 
though the settlement might be only a truce, yet 
if good as far as it goes, and if the cnd of the truce 
on such a basis would-probably find the relative 
strength of tho parties unchanged, if its terms did 
not demoralize the spirit of' my own section, I 
'would be disposed to accept it. At the same time, 
I believe a more radical and therefore more per: 
manent adjustment would be better for both sec- 
lions, the North as well as the South. 
'l'he present Constitution, as our fathers madc 
it, was all suffcient while it protected kindred 
and friendly States, and would bc so still, were 
all disposed to fulfill its obligations with a good 
faith inspired by mutual good will and respect- 
There is danger that new declaratory clauses or 
promises would bc regarded no moro than the 
old. YVhat thc minority section needs is potccr— 
pox.ver to secure its rights against a majority sec- 
tion, differino• in opinions and institutions, and 
animated by fixed hostility to those of the minor- 
it y. T hc danger to the minority is not only in 
hostile legislation, but in a hostile use of Federal 
patronalye and influcncc; and in the absence of 
such positive protection as its interests unay re- 
quire, whether in our foreio•n relations, in expan- 
Sion by territorial acquisition, or in formino• new 
States by colonization in such acquisition. To 
secure all this, the South must have an absolute 
veto -in every departmcnt of tl'Le Government. 
'I' hc Union was oncc Union of equal States. It 
has now become, by the force of events, a Union 
of sections. It is to be determined whcthcr this 
shall be a Union of superior and interior sections, 
Any permanent radical set- 
or of equal sections. 
tlement of the present difficulties 2nust recocrnizc 
thc fhct, now manifest to all the world, whcthel' 
qvc choose to rccaænize it or not, that this Union 
is composed of two widely-difi'ering sections; and 
to sccurc to cach its rights and its fair share of 
thc benefits of the Union, cvcry act of tbc Gov- 
crinuent must deperld on the consent of botl'). For 
a sel t:prole.cting po wer in every great inlcrest of' 
thc conqmunity is the, 
principle of' 
every free Government that has ever endured. 
Neither the North nor tbe South can require the 
ot.her to abandon its opposite opinions on the 
subject of slavery. Let each enjoy its own senti- 
nnents. Let the North condcqnn and the South 
approvc African slavery. But let both rcn)ern ber 
that the only safe Union between powerful States, 
where such opposite exist, is an absolute 
equality. Aud in concedin€-r such a change, what 
would the North concede? Nothing—literally 
but the right. to us. It would not 
even involve that quasi-recognilion of slavery, 
which the Republicans a chic? objection 10 
various li10(lcratc proposit ions, . CRITTENDEN 's 
and others. Surely in the nineteenth century, and 
here umong this chosen people, 
" foremost in the 
popular election- would expel them from their Territories by the northern government, and per- 
places, and substitute for them men -of larger and 
more patriotic views. But this would be a work t 
of time, and meantime the building is falling to 
pieces over our heads. Nor can it be accom- 
plished, even when new elections offer the oppor- 
tunities, if t.he people of the North have ahy rea- 
son to distrust our sincerity or earnestness of 
i purpose. Their Republican leaders have sedu- 
lously taught them that our warnips were empty 
gasconade, and that the Union was in no danger; 
and therefore they havc ncvcrscriously considered 
demands which they did not believe the South 
i was very serious in pressing. 
i But their attention is at last roused by the im- 
I 
minent peri!.s of the country; and a hearing, 
would hope, is secured. They may say to tl-lem- 
selves that it is better to repair our shattered Union ; 
it is more magnanimous and worthier Americans 
and American principles to agree that any con- 
siderable portion of our ftllow countrymen, •who 
really so desire, shall govern themselves than to 
insist on aovcrning them ; and that thc South shall 
have tbc equality she values so highly. Such a 
concession, if concession it be, is wiser nnd Inore 
honorable than to destroy the Union in the pur- 
suit ofa bootless tyranny of one section over an•• 
I would Willingly hope, sir, that the. north- 
other. 
crn people might thus feel and reason. But if so, 
it would bc a great change since last fall; and that, 
because the situation of afl'airs has changed; be- 
cause actual disunion has at last convinced them 
that the South, whether ri*htly or wrongly, does 
truly bclicvc herself aggrieved , and her safety and 
equality and honor imperiled by the dominant 
an It-slavery sentimm•ht of the North, and is l.n•e- 
pared, in their defense, to abandon whatever ad- 
vantages there may have been in the Union, and 
It will be because 
to risk fortune and life itself. 
in no u t) worthy or 
northern people, then, 
the 
craven spiri t, but in true love for Union, and Inind- 
fal of fraternal blood *Will yield what really costs 
to the earnest convictions of the 
_ —will yield what they did not take the pains 
South 
to consider while they t bat the South 
, and playi ng a party in 
was 1 nsuncere 
for the South to post- 
her (len•lands. 
pone action for such a change in northern Legis- 
tures, in next 's elections, as Inay "i ve a ma- 
jority in favor of proper amendments to the Con- 
stitution, is not only to expose herself to all thc 
chances of division and discouragement at 
I but it is to abandon the only course that can con- 
vincc tho North of her sincerity, or (Five to con- 
servative there tho strength to carry those 
measures which the extreme men in power would 
a short time since have refused even to consider. 
Meantime Virginia, own State, has called 
a convention of lier people in their sovereign ca- 
in vindicating fi)t• every nation the cide 1101' fnturc course. She has bccn, she still is, 
files of time 
thorc cau be no great 
of self-trove rn ment, 
sacrifice in a settle)nent which secures that inesti- 
inable privilegc to cither section of the Confeder- 
but, sir, I'10W can we obtain these or any :uncnd- 
men {s, to the Constitution, 
in titne to avert the 
present dar)geu•? 'Llwo thirds of Congrcss may 
pro pose tuncndmen ts, or a con vcn lion of the Sta tes 
may propose thcnn•, but this convention can only 
loe called on the invitation of thc several States. 
In either case, the amend Enents must bc ratified 
by three fourths of the States. 
'I'he process is 
very slow under the best circ.unnsl.ances•, how 
much slower with conccaled or opcn opposition 
of very many! Can hope that the Republi- 
cans, who control the northern Legislatures, as 
well as this House and more than a third of the 
Senate, will consent? 
I agrce that truc wisdom 
and patriotism might lead them to such counsels; 
and cven without renouncing their peculiar an ti- 
slavery tenets, they might Gow before the inevit- 
able necessity of cvents, and, acknowledging the 
impossibility of holding thc Soulll in vassalacre 
might acquiesce in such a division of pox..ver as 
I have suggested. 
But their recent votps and 
speeches show but too plainly that no such pru- 
dence and justicc can be expected. They fancy 
that they have secured a long tenure Of the coveted 
spoilsand power, and that to consent to any change 
is to confess that they have been wrong. If pride 
of opinion or selfish ambition prevent the present 
holders of po frorn to such just corn- 
prornises as may rebuild the Union, perhaps a 
sincerely attached to the Union; she would gladly 
have I-n•eserved it; she would willino•ly reconstruct 
it. Not long since, shc would have accepted, and 
advised her southern sister States to accept, a most 
i Inoderat.c l.)asis of settlement. But events daily 
strengthen the feeling for secession. Your defiant 
speeches, and still more insulting indifference; 
your threats of military coercion, inflame her peo- 
I ple; your rejection of all comprotniscs induce the 
belief that you are determined to rule, if need be, 
by the sword; and as this belief grows into con- 
viction, so rises Virginia's estimate of the condi- 
tions which make this a safe Union for the 
South. And lot no man doubt where she would 
be in the final disruption. 
She will join no border Statc confederacy, with 
two frontiers to defend, instead of one, cut ofF from 
the natural outlet for her emigration in the South, 
and with all the territorial and slavery controver- 
, sies in the new Union, which drove hcr out of the 
Still less can she, or the border slave States, re- 
innin in the northern confederacy. 
If the fifteen 
southern States were unsafe in the old Union, bow 
I would the eight border States fare ill the net.•v 
Union, with M)incteen frec States? How then would 
they resist the sectional taxation and appropria- 
tions, thc commercial and fiscal systems, which, 
oven in the fbrmer Union, have built up northern 
cities, and fostered northern industry at. the ex- I 
pense of the agricultural labor of the South? If 
haps from the South by its confederacy ? 
The picture would be reversed for these States 
in a southcrn confederacy, and especially for Vir- 
ginia, the oldest and the largest; whether she con- 
siders her material interests or the ties of blood 
which bind her to her children, scattered in thou- 
sands over the entire South. Virginia can never 
hesitate between being the leading State ofa south- 
ern confederacy, or the dependent follower of a 
northern. The great st.atcsman of the Republi- 
can party traccd its lineao•c to Plymouth rock, 
and celebrated its victory as the triumph of the 
Massachusetts school of politics. He was right. 
Plymouth and Jamestown, the Puritans and the 
Cavaliers, Massachusetts and Virginia, arc the 
great origins of the opposite systems of Ameri- 
can policy and society. You of the North seem 
to prefer the Massachusetts school, as you have 
It rests on the infallibility of majori- 
ties—the divine right of the greater numbcr to rule 
absDlutely the lesser. It carcs morc to strengthen 
the community than it fears to dwarf the indi- 
Its ultimate tendency is to depend more 
vidual. 
on Government and less on individual wisdom or 
energy; and its final word must be a despotism of 
nurnbet•s under a military dictatorshil), after 
the French model. 'The Virginia school, on the 
contrary, is more English. 
It reduces govern- 
ment to its tn.i•ninuuqn of power, and relies upon 
the powers of the individual man for its strength, 
its prosperity, and its glory. Its motto is, not the 
Benthamite heresy of the greatest good of the 
greatest number, but the greatest good of all. 
F'ounding its society on the subordination QI' an 
inferior to a superior race, it would combine. the 
lofty spiril and culture of an aristocracy with the 
equality of a democracy. If Virginia could forget 
her material interests, she could" never forego, iOr 
her sons, the interests of empire. She will never 
consent to close for them the possibility of playing 
their equal part in the, drama of civilization. Shc 
knows that to her school of politics this Union 
owes its Constitulion and its noblest achievements; 
a nd that whenever the Massachusetts school pre- 
vailed, whether under the elder or younger Ad- 
ams, as at present, the country v,' as broueht to 
the verge of ruin. Hers were the Eastern portals 
whence tbc dawning day called forth that morn- 
ing of American greatness— 
whose brightness broad hath blazed ; 
M" hose glorious, 'Flittering li"llthath all Lnen s cyes 
arnazed." 
She will never abandon her principles, or those 
southern States which, sprung from her loins and 
formed in her similitude, have multiplied her 
honors, and endowed the Old Dominion with a 
youth ever new. 
But, sir, I have wandered from the strict line 
of my argument. 1 have endeavored to show that 
the real cause of the present difficulties is the. dit•- 
fercnce between the social systems of the North 
and South, and the amyressive character of the an ti- 
slavery sentiment that controls the former, and 
which has made the Union the U Elion ofa dom- 
inant, and a subicct section; that tho South would 
have sought a remedy in constitutional amend- 
mcnts, had you .of the Republican party shown 
any disposition to give them. But your hearts 
are hardened like Pharaoh 's in your pride; and 
the South could not safely await the slow and 
uncertain chances of new and distant clections. 
Some of her States have resorted to the only re- 
maining course—an excrcisc of the right of seces- 
Mon, withdrawing from the U l')ion in the smne 
manner und by the saine authority they entered it. 
And thus, whether you acknowledge it or not, the 
Union is dissolved. For, even if you resort to 
civil war, that very war is in itself an end of the 
Union as a union between equal States; but with 
peace, reunion becomes possible. 
Peace, sir, means reconstruction; 
it means 
Union, in sorne form or other, while force is war 
and inevitable, eternal separation. After blood- 
shed, and all the evil passions and bittcr hatreds 
which must follow, it would be vain to hope for 
I cannot believe that Inany are 
any reunion. 
to be found who really wish for the untold woes 
that follow in the train of civil war. There. may 
be a few fanatical, or wicked men, whose vindic- 
tive natures would revel in the blood of their 
countrymen; but trust that most of those whose 
perrnitted to keep their slaves, what would become i i sullen indifference now threatens to bring these 
of their increasing population, shut out from the misfortunes upon all, are acting blindly. They 
