1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
415 
deceive themselves with words. They talk of the at home. You are doubtless as brave as we are, 
enforcement of the laws, and are obstinately blind though not more so; but your soldiers would be led 
to the fäct that this euphonious phrase is, under on by the unhallowed lust to bring brothers be- 
present circumstances, but another name civil 
neatll their yoke, while ours would strike for their 
war. When you undertake this enforcement ill) 
South Carolina, or the other seceding States, you 
will find yourself met by constitutional obstacles 
on every bail)d, as was well shown in another 
place by Mr. BENJAMIN and Judge DOUGLAS. 
In 18132, the case was very different; then the 
State undertook to nullify only a part of the Fed- 
eral laws; in all other respects shc acknowledged 
Federal authority, and her own pcople were di- 
vided into your enemies and your friends. Now, 
your authority is in all respects denied; the people 
are unanimous a(rainst you; you have no party; 
no officers; neither courts not' juries. How, then, 
will vou sctaboutthis enforcementofthe laws, this 
sworn duty as you call it, which, however, you are 
willing to neglect in all regards except the collec- 
tion of taxes? You answer, by holding the forts, 
and blockading the coast. But, if this blockade 
is to be considered as an act of peace, where is 
your warrantin the•Constitution? How hypocrit- 
ICal will seem your zeal to enforce the laws, w.hen 
your first act is to violate that plain provision of 
the supreme law, which declares that vessels 
bound to or from one State, shall not be obliged to 
enter, clear, or pay duties in another? Or, if you 
wrested the authority by considering your block- 
ade an act of war, then the true character of your 
pretended enforcement of the laws is revealed ; you 
are at war, and being at war, you have acknow- 
ledc»ed the government of the seceding State, at 
least, as a de facto government, the very acknow- 
lodgment you now refuse to make for the purposes 
of peace. 
But, sir, is such a blockade possible? I will 
suppose you have the naval force necessary, and 
the revenues, without resortin'Y to loans or direct 
taxes to maintain it. 
I will suppose the southern 
people quietly submit to it even for a year; and 
nnagine not that their hearts would grow weary, 
or fail them, once embarked in the great cause. 
They are the sons of rnen who endured and suf- 
fercd under the entire military power of England 
for tcn years, and by endurance came out COI'I- 
I homes and their altars. I know that fanatics daily 
depreciate to the northern people•the exertions of 
the South in the Revolution, and teach that, as 
slaveholding is the sum of all human villainies, 
so is it the source of incurable weakness and im- 
potence. But before they believe such teachers, 
let them read history. Let them rcmembcr that 
the words of that noble epitaph at TheFmopylæ: 
" Go, stranger, and tell our countrymen that. we 
lie here in obedience to her laws," were the words 
of three hundred slaveholders; that the imperish- 
able gkory which still gilds the rocks of Attica 
shone around a nation of slaveholders; that slave- 
holders carried the Roman eagles over the wrorld, 
I and bequeathed the Roman laws for the guidance 
of all the comil')g generations of Christendom. 
Above all, and first of all, let them reflect that a 
nation of slaveholders, but little moro than a fourth 
in number of the present masters of the South, 
defied thc power of England, and that to them 
southern States are garrisoned fbr. their subjuga- 
tion. The illustrious old soldier 
A rmy, I regret to bea.ri t said ; has forgottenjiis•tdl-é- 
giance to his native State, and talrnisheshis laurel's 
by devoting the last sands of his life to devising 
plans for her subjugation and the conquest of -the 
South, and his military aids post with eeeret or- 
ders in all directions to car*y out their schemes 
for a military revolution. Yes, sir, let the 
end as it may, you will find that«you- have waged 
it at the expense of your own liberties. -Would 
it not be better to acceöt without cost, at once and 
peaceably, all, and more than ally it can give? 
What is the difficulty? The gentleman from 
Ohio [Mr. STANTON says, the insults to the flag, 
the denial of Federa authority, the seizure of the 
forts; he says that the South may perhaps get out 
of the Union peaceably after a protracted process; 
but it cannot be done suddenly without war; that 
it is your sacred duty to maintain the authority 
of this Government. Now, sir, I take it -that 
wherevera controversy is settled, each party must 
allow to the other the benefit of his own point Of 
view. You regard the act of secession as an act 
we owe our independence and our Constitution. 
of rebellion, and each successive step as an ag- 
Ycs, sirs, when you invade us; when, denying us gravation; but the seceding States claim that they 
the right of self-government, you seek to make oti\ have acted rightfully; and if they seized the forts, 
our States dependent provinces, and baptize your i it was only an act of self-defense; in response to 
accursed tyranny in your brother's blood, I in- your threats of garrisoning them for purposcs of 
E vite you to be bold in crirnc•, crown it with an coercion. If we desire a settlement, no matter of 
unheard-of infamy; choose for your battle-fields 
what kind, it is •„vorse than vain to areue upon 
Eutaw, Guilford, New' Orleans, and proclaim what is already done. We must facts as they 
your conquest on tho heights of Yorktown. A y, 
i sir, before that day comes, the blood of our men, 
of our '.vomen, and of our children, will have in- 
carnadined our mighty seas and rivers, and our 
country shall return- to primeval desolation. Such 
are the inevitable results of what you call peace— 
a peaccable enforcement of the laws. Peace ! 
peace, sach as the tiger gives to his prey. Peace, 
such as the old Roman gave to his conquered 
foes—ubi vocant ! 
I But, sil', no sane man believes that we could be 
conquered. Ifwc have no ships-of-war, you have 
vessels in abundance who would accept our let- 
ters of marque and reprisal; and the same north- 
ern capital that now engages in the slave trade 
qucrors. During that period of blockade they I could be transferred to privateering on your com- 
would have abundant provisions; for every 
who has studied the statistics of the country 
knows that the South produces more food, in pro- 
portion to her population, than the North. For 
her, it would bc the loss of income only; and 
while her cotton was thus held up for a single 
year, what •.vould be the consequences to New 
England, whose whole supply is drawn from the 
South; to France, where southern cotton furnishes 
employment directly to some two hundred and 
seventy thousand persons, and indirectly to Inorc• 
than n million? Abov.c all, what would bc the 
effectofthis withdrawal from Great Britain of three 
If we did not invade you, we could at 
merce. 
least repel your invasion jand cut off your attack- 
ing forces. Patience alone, on our side, would 
insure a victory. But will not contemplate such 
scenes. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. STAN- 
TON] yesterday adrnitted that it was impossible, 
and wrong if possible, to subjugate the South, or 
hold her States as provinces. Ele agrecd that war 
must inevitably end in permanent disunion, with 
the usual treaty relations bctwccn neighborint-r 
In Göd 's name, I solemnly adjure you, 
nations. 
why not accept, without war, this which you coa- 
cede must be the end of war? 
Is v,zau• in itself so 
fourths of the cotton she uses, upon which , as the pleasant, so desirable, or will it make our subsc- 
London Times lately estimated, four million of quent relations moro advantageous? -Without 
her people depend for daily bread? Rely upon 
war, you may rebuild your Union; and if we can- 
it, sir, that, bitter and unreasonable as her preju- not agree on the terms for that, you have at least 
dices tnay bc, the same causes which have recon- two friendly nations. war, you can have 
cilcd England to the use of slave-grown sugar and 
nothing rnorc; nay, you will have less, for you 
cotton, would nevcrsuffereither France or herself will have two unfriendly nations. Reflect also, 
to acquiesce in this blockade. The South nccd pray you, that you cannot wage such awar with- 
only wait patiently and silently, with absolute i out a revolution in your own Government, for i 
assurance that those great Powers would bc forced I \ never was a political system less suited for civil 
to an active interfcrence. And then, sir, how war than this. You will go il'lto the wara Union 
would you conduct the war? 
of free Republics; you will come out a consoli- 
are. Four States have already seceded, as they 
say; rebelled , as you term it. 
In a few days three 
others will join them. A population of more than 
five millions, inhabiting a country of five hundred 
and twenty-threo thousand two hundred square 
miles—a country twice and a half as large as 
France, nearly as large as the French and Aus- 
trian and Prussian empires together—utterly de- 
nies and repudiates your authority. Eight other 
States, seven million four hundred thousand peo- 
plc, in a country of and thirty thou- 
sand square miles, deliberate whethef to join 
them. Attempt force, and their decision is cer- 
taim in the affirmative. How absurd to ignore 
such facts, or to treat such popular movements— 
movcments by organized and acknowledged gov- 
ernments, and over so vast a scale—as rebellion; 
or if they be rebellion, then you are still forced 
to recognize it, to treat with it—by negotiation, if 
you are wise; by open, regular war, if you madly 
prefer it. 
But i address myself, not to madmen or fanat- 
ics, but to sensible men. I invite them to do what 
proud old England did before the Revolution; 
x.vhat even Austria did for the Hungarians and 
Italians in 1848; what yourselves did for the Mor- 
mons two years sil)ce. I invite you to negotiate. 
First secure a truce, and then seek for terms of 
adjustment. Do not inquire who has been in the 
wroncy•, accept fucts as they are. Let both parties 
allow the forts everywhere to remain in their 
present status; suspend the execution of the Fed- 
cral laws in the secedino• States, until otherWise 
fou will thus prevent the 
ordered by Congress. 
possibility of present collision and the outburst 
of war. 'I'hcn, by sending commissioners, as 
I proposed in a joint -resolution the other day, 
or by other means, you Ilia y negotiate and give 
time for the sober second thought of the people 
to fix the terms of friendly adjustment, whether 
friendly separation or friendly reunion. MTh y re- 
No course would be open to you but actual dated military despotism. Already tho symptoms fuse? You concede really nothing. You simply 
invasion, which, indeed, passion and resistance are apparent. Utterances of the pub.\ic press and i acknowledge facts, indisputable facts. Your au- 
would probably bring about at a much earlier of public speakers, resolutions such as that re- 
thority is denied; the execution of your laws is 
Invasion, sir ! 
period. 
invasion of what? and cently offered by the gentleman from Illinois, suspended. You arc asked merely to accept the 
under what conditions? Of an affricultural coun- i. [Mr. LOVEJOY,] all show the growing tendency ii actual condition of things as the basis of a truce, 
try eight hundred and fifty-one thousand square of northern opinion for what it calls a strong Gov- 
of an armistice, for negotiation. If the negotia- 
miles in extent, larger than all the empires and crnment; all show the that this so-called tion fail; 
if, at the end of the truce, you still pre- 
kingdoms of central Europe, yet with only about 
enforcement of the laws cannot be effected with- 
fer war, your condition will be just what it now 
fburtcen inhabitants to the square mile, and con- 
out a disregard of constitutional prohibitions, and is; neither party will be in a worse or a better 
sequcntly without large cities or means to sustain 
even a temporary suspension of that instrument position for the fray. 
by a military dictatorship. Evidence is not want-i But I have strong faith that neff0tiations would 
an invading host; but, sir, not without brave men, 
trained to the use of arms, and ready to destroy ing that the Executive is alreody disorganized; lead to happier results. For, sir, I believe that 
the invading army, which would melt away like that the Secretary of •YVar is no longer respons 
- if peace can be preserved, a rcconstruction is pos- 
snows of winter every mile as they advanced into i ibie to the President, or the Commander-in-Chief Sible and desirable. The seccding States will, Of: 
the southern clime, far from their resources. Na- to the Secretary; nay, that the Secretary holds his 
course, form a confederacy among themselves. 
poleon, in his disastrous Russian invasion, was office in defiance of the Constitution, without the Negotiation between such confederacy and this 
not so far from his supplies, and in a country twice consentof the Senate. 'I'his city becolnesa camp, would soon determine the conditions of reunibn' 
as densely peopled, twice as able to sustain him. 
which each could submit to its several States, 
I and our streets are disturbed by the tramp of cav- 
alry and the rattling of artillery. Your President according to the provisions of itsown• Constitu- 
Your population may outnumber ours by mil- 
I am convinced that if the public- peace is 
lions; but you would be hundreds of miles from is to be inaugurated at the point of the bayonet, tion. 
your true base of operations, while we would bc and forts built on sites granted for the defense of preserved, such will be the course of events, and 
