THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 
C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. O. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
promise? Who does not know that the control- 
ling men of the cotton States spurn, and arc ready 
to spit upon every proposition looking to the 
restoration of peace and good order. They are 
too mad with rage to reason. 
Sir, they have already seizcd upon our forts, 
upon our armories, our custom-houses, our post 
offces, and magazines; and to crown all, have 
fired into a vessel in the service of the United 
States, carrying at its mast head the flag that every- 
where elsc is a shield of protection. What else 
do 'sve hear? The telegraph tells us that they 
have planted cannon upon the banks of the Mis- 
sissippi river to interrupt the navigation of that 
river; to stop our steamboats or blow them to 
pieces. They insult the men from the North- 
west who tradc upon thc Mississippi; indeed, 
they treat them as a conquered people! Our most 
honored merchants are ordered home from Louisi- 
ana, and our most prudent business men arc mal- 
treated, for no other crime under heaven than that 
of voting just as every free citizen of a free re- 
public is entitled to vote. Anarchy rcions in por- 
tions of the South; and men from the free States 
have far less liberty than they would have under 
any despotic Government of Europe. Sir, •we 
have had one impressive illustrati01i of this fact 
thio•norning in this House. A gentleman came 
forward, and asked that the name of a steam- 
boat should be changed from that of John C. 
Frémont to sorne other name. Why was that? 
Why did the owner of that boat come here, and 
ask for the change? I wili tell you, because I 
had it from his own lips.. 
He said he could not 
go to the, South with tlMff boat; that the people 
there would not permit him to land; that they 
would not permit him to put ashore his careo•, 
that they said " away," upon peril of his life. 
And this; in the freest Republic of the world, as 
you call it; ay, sir, the model Republic of the 
world. The next thing. you will hear will be that 
we must change our t•mmes, if offensive to the 
South, before we can travel thcre. 
Sir, it is time to stop the work of these traitors, 
and vindicate the laws. T I-ley must. prevail, or 
the Government must put them down by its own 
strong arm. The trial cannot come too soon. For- 
bearance towards thenl has ceased to be a virtue. 
The people are everywhere asking, " Have we a 
Governmeht 
I say, if we have, that the cominø 
struggle to maintain it will demonstrate that it 
is a Government of power and overwhelminT 
force! against thc ommders of the law. If, 
ever, we havo nothing more than a sort of' mutual 
admiration society in this House, and in the other, 
it is timc the people understood that fact also. It 
is better for them to understand that now. 
If 
there is any truth in the doctrine of the, secession- 
ists, our Government novcr had any vital power; 
and it is, and ever has been, as they expound it, 
the merest rope of sand—a. cheat and a swindle 
against those who havc hitherto sustained it. 
The people have been spending millions of 
money every year under the delusive idea that 
Congress was making laws that they actually 
meant should be obeyed; and, at this late day, 
they awake to the reality that those laws were 
only submitted to the consideration of offenders 
to see whether they would like to obey them. 
We sce treason and cold-blooded rebellion cul- 
minatincr in thc destruction of the richls of thc 
law-abiding people of the land; but we are coolly 
told that the Army arid Navy must not molest 
them. Why? Lest they should become offended, 
and then possibly somebody migh t be hurt. A wful ! 
It is said, too, that if you attempt to execute the 
laws, war will be the result. My answer is this: 
•wre are t.o perfornn our duty, our known duly, and 
leave the results to God. We propose no war 
FRIDAY, JANUARY 18, 1861. 
ernment. Anarchy is worse. The loss of honor, 
and the loss of public credit, and a broken and 
shattered Government, whose laws arc derided 
an(l trampled under foot: these are worse than 'var 
to maintain the most favored and glorious and 
blessed Republic that the sun ever shone upon. 
But no war will come if we are prepared to vin- 
dicate the laws. 
It is the very absence of prep- 
aration that invites troubles like those which 
now surround us. Let the Government act witw 
firmness and vigor, and all will be well. The 
present is no time for temporizing. Men insane 
with passion have risen up in arms acrainst the 
Republic, and their causeless rebellion has already 
attracted the eye of the civilized world, and tho 
leading Governments of Europe arc looking from 
their high places intently upon us, to sce if our 
instituti01')s can survive the shock of well-organ- 
ized treason. Liberty-lovinff men of all countries 
are watching us with the interest that more than 
seventy years of successful experiment has 
spired in their minds; and for the action which 
we now take, civilization as well as higtory itself 
will hold us sternly responsible. Sir, we are now 
on trial before the whole world, to see whether 
freemen have the right to choose t.heir own rulers, 
or whether a factious minority shall dictate terms 
and men to the majority. 
If those in arms against the laws may force the 
Government into dishonorable compromise, we 
have no security for our Government fora single 
presidential tern-r, for the people of any section, 
if they happen to dislike a President elect, can 
easily vote themselves out of the Union, and again 
and again compel the law-making and the law-ex- 
cutino• power to surrender to their absurd and 
unjust demands. The precedentonce established, 
whatis the elective franchise in this country worth? 
Absolutely nothing, and less than nothing. It 
is a shadow without the substance. 
Those who stand up against the Government, 
and in open rebellion a(rainst it, although it se- 
cures to thcm higher privileges than any upon 
the face of the earth, seek to excite sympathy and 
attract support, by drawincr a comparison between 
their political condition under it, and that of the 
colonists under the King of England; but a more 
absurd comparison, in my judgment, was never 
instituted, as we will show. 
Mr. JENKINS. Will thcgentlcman allow me 
to ask him a question, for the purpose of under- 
standing hirn? The gentleman speaks of enforc- 
ing the laws and collecting the revenuc at any 
extreme, and at all hazards. Now, suppose fif- 
teen States of this Union should secede, and con- 
federate under a common ffovernment: would the 
gentleman advocate a subjection of them to sub- 
mission? Would he insist upon the enforcement 
of the laws, as ho calls it, or would he recognize 
thcm as a government dc j&cto ? 
Mr. GURLEY. 1 might sav, 
the day is the evil thereof." The principle IS the 
same, whctl'cr• applied to one State or fifteen. 
I 
am for executing the laws. 
Mr. JENKINS. I ask the gentleman, iftwcnty 
Stat.es should secede and confederate together, 
whether he would propose that the other thirteen 
should subjugate them? 
Mr. GU n LEY. When they go out, I will 
answer that question. 
was sayiilg that those who stand up now in 
open rebellion against the Government, do so al- 
though it secures to them higher privileges than 
would be secured to them by any other Govern- 
mont upon the facc of the earth; and that thcy 
are exciting sympathy by drawina• comparisons 
between their political condition under it and the 
colonists under the King of F,rvland. But, I ask, 
did the colonists create the Kinff? Did they set 
against anybody, much less a(yainst any State. up thc throne? Did they elect the Parliament? 
We only ask that the laws be duly executed Did they oven elect and control their own Govern- 
against individual offenders. 
; the verv acts which they passed, 
Who is not opposed to war? Who does not with the exception of some colonies, had to 
shudder at the contemplation of clashing arms 
receive the sanction of the Encrlish sovereign be- 
among a people of one blood and country? Bat fore they became laws. A foreign despotism held 
bad as it is, there are solue things even worse than undisputed sway over them. 
war, when carried on by a well-established Gov- 
Now, sir, let gentlemen who complain of op- 
27 
NEW SERIES.....NO. 27. 
pression iri the light of complaints uttered by our 
fathers against English rule, tell us who estab- 
lished the Government undo-r which welive.- Did 
it come from 'a foreign despot? from a king? from 
an emperor? It came froni your fathersand mine. 
Who but the patriots of the revolutionary times 
gave us the glorious instituti6ns which have been 
thc pride and admiration of all wise and good men? 
And now, who carry on this Government? The 
peoplc of all the States, who elect the Chief Ma- 
gistrate; the people, who create the laws; the peo- 
ple, by-their sovereign ty and representatives. And 
yet gentlemen of the South assure us that they 
are oppressed. Opprcssed! Oppressed! How 
oppressed, and by whom? If at all, by thc Gov- 
ernment which they themselves -have helped to 
create, and have controlled, as they openlyboast, 
for fifty years. 
It is their Government; and 
what do they propose to do now? Trample upon 
ethe very laws they have made W'ith their own 
brains and with their own hands. They assume 
to lay violent hands upon •their own work, and 
commit political suicide. They will overturn the 
Government because it is not certain that they 
can control it in the future as they have controlled 
it in the past. And this is called consistency; 
this is called a declaration of their independence. 
Sir, I call it the independence of treason find rc- 
bellion; and that treason is to be punished in a 
way specified by statute of the Umted States. I 
will ask that one passage be read upon that sub- 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
If any citizen shall commit any piracy or robbery afore- 
said, or any act of hostility against the United States, or 
any citizen thereof, upon the high seas, under color of any 
cornmission from any foreign Prince or State, or on pre- 
tense of authority front any person, such offender shall, 
notwithstanding the pretense of any such authority, lie 
deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pirate, felon, and rob. 
bcr; and on being thereof convicted, shall suffer death. 
Statutes at Large, vol. 1, p. 113. 
Mr. GURLEY. Mr. Chairman, my own State 
contains a larger wh ite population than five soutli- 
ern States which J. can name; and wo have two 
Senators and they have ten! But with all this 
iræquality in favor of the South, they comc to us 
and demand new guarantees of fidelity to their 
peculiar institution, if not positive pledges of sor- 
vility on thc part of the free States. They go 
further, sir, and actually ask that our people 
walk up *to the polls and record the edicts of 
a few hundred men at Charleston or Baltimore. 
And if we refuse to do that, what do they say? 
What have they said in this House? They will 
pull down the pillars of this great Republic and 
look to the-ir guns for justice and rio-ht." The 
moment we dare to cast our votes AS freemen 
should, and select the man of our deliberate. clioice 
for President, in correspondence with the Consti- 
tution and the laws of the land, we commit an 
unpardonable sin, and there is an end to free 
government. On this principle, we can have no 
higher political privileges thah the people of Aus- 
tria or Russia. We are required to become the 
obedient servants ofa cottonocracy, and sink the 
freeman in a craven political dependent. 
I maintain, sir, that there is no excuse, no apol- 
ogy whatever, for rebellion acrainst a Government 
where thc people themselves male and control it. 
Violent revolutions are justifiable against kingly 
despotism, without doubt; but not against our Gov- 
ernment, where each man is himself a ruler. Rev- 
olution against that isa high crime. It is a leap 
in the dark. 
It is wild anarchy; and, if success- 
ful, must end in military rule, in *neral war, and 
Mcneral oppression. 
If we fail to preserve the 
present Confederacy, a reconstruction upon the 
basis •that will be den-randed is impossible; and 
twclvc months will not pass from the time of its 
overthrow before we shall have upon us all thc 
horrors of Mexican warfare. 
'i'his great Union and Constitution are now in 
the keeping of tho people's servants'- here, and 
they have the control of the Army and the NAVY. 
Let them guard the former well; -for if by any 
means they perish in their hands, the groat histo- 
rian of nations will write them down as the most 
