418' 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 16, 
feeble, pusillanimous cowards that ever disgraced 
a free country. 
But, sir, let us look at some of the results of 
If States may 
breaking up our Government. 
separate at will, where is your public faith? What 
better are your treaties than the naked parchment 
upon which they are written? Wh then will 
become the purchasa•s ot your bonds. 
In what 
condition will be your widow and orphan and 
benevolent societies that have placed their all in 
the public credit? What man would' trust a people 
for one dollar who wodld tamely permit traitors 
to insult their flag and steal their property with 
impunity? One thing is certain: if the organized 
Government here does not vindicate its honor and 
regent its wrongs, and anarchy comes, the people 
of the free States will do that work most thor- 
ouglily. 
Mr. Chairman, so long as gentlemen confine 
themselves to the harmless busmess of dissolving 
this Union upon paper, and setting up in their 
poetical imarinations a Government antagonis- 
tic to that of the United States, I certainly have 
no disposition to break in upon their dreams of 
wealth and glory consequent upon the new order 
of things; but if the attempt is to bc made to make 
these mere dreams the basis of action against ours 
great temple of republican freedom, reared by 
patriotic hands and minds; if, indeed, they should 
take a practical form, and result in the actual in- 
vasion of the rights of our General Government, 
as illustrated in the conduct of those who have 
recently seized upon its property in the South, 
then, Sir, I am for using every means N.vhich Al- 
mighty God has given us to maintain the laws, 
the Constitution, and the Union. This, sir, I 
am sure, is the sentiment of the ten million people 
living in the West and Northwest, with here and 
therc an exception ; and I would now rnost respect- 
fully suggest to the secessionists of the South, 
and to all who arc disposed to break up this great 
and glorious Confederacy, that it would bc at least 
an act of prudence to consult those ten nnillion. 
They arc nowa powrer in the nation to the extent 
of one third; and they mcan to be heard, and if 
need be felt, on this impending question. 
not say that no traitors will be found in the free 
Stntes west of the Alleghany mountains; but if 
any, they will be as one to twenty tories in the 
Revolution. And now, sir, is there a single man 
so beside himself as to suppose that these ten 
million hardy pcople will look calmly on or take 
a neutralpsiuon, und see State, after State leave 
the Union, and the Mississippi rivcr pass into 
the control of a foreign Govcrnmcnt? I deny 
it. No, sir; they gcttled up that country with a 
clear understanding that that river and its various 
tributaries should forever flow in the United States 
of Ainerica, frec for a commerce that already 
rivals that of the Atlantic coast—the great unob- 
gtructcd highway to the ocean. Heaven have 
xnercy upon the Inen who attempt to make it any 
thing else, or placo single disability upon its 
trade or comrnerce 
I know the spirit and the temper of thc people 
of the West, and know also that they never will 
submit to the Mississippi river being controlled 
by any power except that of the Union. Sir, there 
isa gathering storm in the West. The South may 
not see, and if they see, may not heed it; but a 
mighty Btorm is coming nevertheless. Our peoplc 
are slow to anger, and will bear much before they 
strike down the invaders of their rights; but there 
is a point of endurance beyond which they will 
not co. 
work o'driviv our people from territory 
where they have ouarantied rights as American 
citizens; this work of planting cannon upon Iha 
Mississippi river for treasonable purposes; this 
work of personal violence in New Orleans and 
other places, all must cease, or tons of thousands 
of men will rush to the combat and sweep the 
entire coast of Mississippi and Louisiana; and, 
their just indignation once fairly aroused, no 
power this side of I-leaven can prevent them from 
making the foundation of New Orleans the bed of 
a lake where fishes will dwell instead of men. 
I now wish to call the attention of qhe commit- 
tee to some outrages committed on thöcommerce 
I ask to have a short 
of the Mississippi river. 
e x tract read . 
'The Clerk read from the Chicago Tribune of 
14th instant, as follows: 
A few days since one of our hcavicgt wholesale gro- 
cery firms doing a iargr: business with tho city of' New Or- 
leans, had occasion tosend a large shipnent flour to that 
city. This they proposcd to do in their usual iOrtn of insur- 
ance—an open policy. But at the last moment comes the 
intelligence by teiegraph that the, New York insurers have 
cahceled the policy, and refuse to insure cargocs on the 
Mississippi river. The firm have sent their flour to New 
York for occan freight to New Orleans. 
Simultaneously with the above, the wholesale grocery 
houses arc advised by our Chicago underwriters that they 
rnust largely advance rates of insurance on shipments of 
sugar from New Orleans—a rate which will tell heaviW 
against the advantages of New Orleans as a sugar market, 
and, with the rcasons for this change, will do much to 
divert trade to the seaboard. Now, all this is the result of 
the action of the seceding State of Mississippi, which gives 
three hundred miles of a doubtful, perhaps hostile, coast, 
to be added to the risks of river navigation no slight addi- 
tion to be sure; for who bolieves that the traitors who are 
arnning Mississippi against the Union would stick at sup- 
plying a scanty coniinissariat by a seizure of northern prod- 
uce? Underwriters and capitalists do not consult polit- 
ical demagogues as to their business interests. Capital is 
quick to takc alarm, and is most sagacious. Thug, by a 
single blow at the hand of traitors, Chicago and New Or- 
leang ate put wide asunder by the interposed foreign State 
of Mississippi." 
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to ask the 
gentleman from Ohio, if this occurs in the pres- 
ent state of affairs, what would it be when the 
Union is dissolved and the Government broken 
" If they do these things in a green tree, 
what shall be done in the dry 
Mr. GURLEY. If the Union be broken up, 
and war follow, let the consequences fall on those 
who are rcs )onsible. Do southern geritlcmen 
expect that tle people of the far West will fold 
their hands in indifference, and see their com- 
merce interrupted, their steamboats fired into ? 
How long do they expect us to submit to it? Sir, 
no foreign Government on the face of the earth 
could commit such outrages against this nation 
without an immediate declaration of war. And 
now I say, that with strong hands and stout hearts 
our people settled up the West. With their own 
right arm they leveled thc forest, and prepared 
the land for themselves and their children. The 
very hardships they have endured make them 
strong and brave; and woe to those who attempt 
by force to take from them a single right which 
they possess upon any river that flows toward 
the sea. 
In conclusion, sif, I will say that I am for prac- 
tfcal and speedy legislation to mcct the exigencies 
of the times. Give us a bill permitting the Pres- 
idcnt to receive volunteers to sustain the national 
Govcrnment. Pass it; let it become a law at once; 
and if you need fifty thousand soldiers from the 
West you will have them; a hundred thousand, 
and you will have them. And then, if the worst 
comes to the worst, and the stars and stripes are 
still in danger, ask for five hundred thousand, and 
they will be at your command. Do any call this 
an extravagant statement? Sir, we have in Ohio 
alone nearly three hundred thousand able-bodied 
rnen who arc subject to military duty by our laws. 
they will defend 
They will defend the Union; 
the Government; they wili defend the Capitol; 
and t.hey will our glorious flag as long as 
they have a loaf of bread to eat or a gun to fire. 
Peace and harmony we all desire; but we will 
never purchase them with dishonor and the sur- 
• ofself-respect. 'l'hosc who make war upon 
the vernment without any just cause must bear 
the responsibility and punishment which belongs 
to rebels and traitors. 
It has l)cen supposed that the people of the 
West are divided in sentunent on this subject, and 
that a large number of them side with those who 
are now seeking todestroytheGovgrnment. This, 
however, wiil be found to be a great mistake. The 
resolutions of the Legislature of Ohio, as read 
from the Clerk's desk this morning, show that 
the people of Ohio are all but unanimous on the 
subject of maintaining the Government. These 
resolutions passed the Senate unanimously, by the 
votes of both Democrats and Republicans. Sir, 
when the question comes up of fidelity to this 
Union, and svhcn the Government is in danger, 
we of the will never stop to talk about 
names. We will overleap all party lines. We 
will, if need be, sink all party names 
Deeper than did plummet ever sound." 
we will come in solid phalanx. We will rally 
as one man to defend the Union and maintain our 
glorious flag, which gives protection to our citi- 
zens in all lands. It now floats proudly, triumph- 
antly over this Capitol , and it shall never be struck 
down by rebels at home or enemies abroad. 
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, the fact can 
no longer be concealed, sir, that we are in the 
midst of revolution. 'The American people are 
compelled to behold a spectacle which, in the 
confidence of long years of peaceful security, 
they have deemed to be •impossible—the Union, 
established by the sacrifices of their fathers, and 
sanctified by imperishable memories, quivering 
in the very agony of dissolution! Who, sir, can 
stand unappalled in contemplation of the fact ? 
Who can but regret that he is a part of the gen- 
eration which, while bearing onward the flag 
the Republic, seduced by the unworthy passions 
of the hour, has suffered its sacred folds to be 
trampled in the dust? I will not discuss, sir, the 
merits of the questions which have given rise to 
this alarming condition of public affairs, or in- 
dulge in crimination upon the North or the South. 
These, sir, are swallowed up for the timc by the 
Travcr question, whether the Government itself 
shall continue to exist; whether the Censtitution 
by which it is created possesses the inherent 
power to resist its own destruction. 
If, sir, a State possesses the right of secession; 
if the strength of the Government is founded only 
on the voluntary concert of its various parts; If 
any part of the nation can withdrav,.r from the 
common Confederacy at pleasure, without refer- 
ence to the irreparable injustice that may result 
to the other parts of the Confederacy; then, sir, 
is ours the weakest Government on the face of 
the prosperity of its people at the 
the carth; 
mercy of every storm of human passion; its ap- 
parent greatness a miserable delusion, as baseless 
as the fabric of a dream. 
It is urged, sir, that if' a State does actually 
secede from lhc Union, the question whether the 
right cxists, or whether it be an act of revolution, 
or an exercise of power without right, is wholky 
immaterial; that the consequences arc the same. 
The proposition is not Vue. If the right exists, 
the rcmaining States must acquiesce, whatever 
may be the consequences to their material inter- 
est. If it does not, they may determine, x,vithout 
aggression, what policy may be necessary to vin- 
dicate their own rights agamst the consequences 
of thc act of thc seceding State. But beyond 
this, sir, there are tribunals to which States and 
nations are responsible. The question vvhether 
the overthrow of this Government, by an act of 
secession, be in conformity with the compact by 
which ib was founded, or an act of unwarrantable 
violence, in derogation of public faith, may de- 
termine the judgment which the civilized nations 
of the earth, and the, friends of freedom. through- 
out the world, may pronounce upon the act of 
its destruction. But above all, sir, it will determ- 
ine the judgment of that tribunal from which no 
State or generation of men can escape—the im- 
partial judgment of posterity. If this Republic 
IS to perish, and furnish another argument for 
kings and consolidated power; if the proud ex- 
pectations of the illustrious men who formed it 
are to bc disappointed; if' the Government which 
is at once the hope and the pride and the glory 
of down-troddeu millions is to become another 
mockery of human aspirations; if the ark of the 
covenant of our fathers, with the visible evidence 
of the approbation of' Almighty God still resting 
upon it, is to be dashed to pieces, Ict that final 
tribunal detcrminc the character of the act, and 
denounce the sentence of its vindictive wrath 
upon the memory of the guilty. In the midst, 
sir, of the horrors of national ruin, if they shall 
come upon us, the question whether they have 
resulted from an exercise of rightful power or from 
violated faith will not fail to enter into the judge 
ment which even the present generation will pro- 
nounce. 
1 deny, sir, the right of a State to secede from 
this Umon. The whole history of the country, 
from the first suggestion of a union ulnong the 
American colonies to the present hour, disproves 
It is disproved by thc Articles of Confedera- 
it. 
tion and the events which led to the organization 
of the Government; by the history of the present 
Constitution, and the opinions of the great states- 
men who formed it; and, above all, by the very 
terms of the Constitution itself. The Union 
formed by the Articles of Confederation was in 
the nature of a compact or league between States. 
It did not 
It was a Confederacy of the States. 
sufficiently unite the American people as one 
nation. The Federal authority was msuflicicnt. 
