1861. 
And, although it was declared to be " a perpet- 
ual Union" between the enumerated States, our 
fathers, to form " a more perfect Union," and give 
strength and effciency to their Government, or- 
dained the present Constitution, founding its au- 
thority, not upon a compact or Icague betwccn 
States, but upon the original source of political 
power; not upon the sovereignty of States, but 
upon the original sovereignty of the people: 
We, the people of the United States, in order to fonn 
a more Union, establish justice, insure domestic 
tranquillity, provide for thc comznon defense, protuote the 
general welt%are, and secure the blessings or liberty to our- 
selves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Con- 
stitntion for the United States o? America." 
The form of ratification cannot change its char- 
acter. The people themselves, through their 
agents and representatives, declared it to be their 
own act, not as the people of separate and inde- 
pendent States, but as the people of the United 
States of America: The political history of the 
world, sir, does not furnish an example of a more 
explicit exercise of sovereign power in organizino• 
its elements into one indissoluble nation. The 
authority, then, on which the Government of the 
United States rests, is exactly the same as that on 
which the governmentsof the States are founded; 
both are cqually created by the people, by the 
exercise of their original sovereignly. Certain 
powers are invested in the one' government, and 
certain powers are delegated to the other, and 
cach is equally sovereign within the limits of 
r rhe people of the several 
the powérs conferred. 
States are not more united for the purposes of 
dornestic government, than the people of tl-je 
whole nation are for the purposes of national 
government. While jealous of their reserved 
rights, the people declared tile Government of the 
IJnited States, as to the powers conferred upon it, 
to be the supreme Government. To it was con- 
fided the power to provide for the common dc- 
fense and the general welfare of thc whole nation ; 
and the Constitution {hus created, and the laws 
and treaties which should be made in pursuance 
with its authority, were declared to be the su- 
preme law of the land. But the powers not dele- 
gated were reserved to the States or the people. 
But, sir, was the power reserved to the people of 
any State to destroy the Government? To annul 
the powers necessary to tho well being and com- 
mon defense of ail of the contracting parties? To 
withdraw their consent that tile common Consti- 
tution,and the laws made under it, should be the 
supremo law, not of one State, or a part of the 
States, but of all the States? No, sir; such 
reservation would have been utterly inconsiste)'lt 
with the wholc in'strument. The wise statesmen 
of the day, farming a Government which they 
trusted would endure through ali time, would 
never have placed it at the mercy of the passions 
of the hour. The whole Constitution, from its 
title to the last section of its amcndments, bristles 
with denials of this colossal heresy "—the right 
of u part of- the people who madc the Constitu- 
tion to destroy it. No, sir; all of' the States to- 
gether, except so far as they may represcnt the 
sovereignty of thc whole people, could not annul 
the binding force of the Constitution. 
To present the evidence, sir, that the right of 
secession is in conflict with the opinions of the 
men who formed the Government, would be to 
present almost the entire history of the Constitu- 
I content myself with the authority of a few 
tion. 
of the most illustrious men, whose names have 
become household words, and whose statues dec- 
orate your Capitol. 
In the ever-memorable farewell address of the 
Father of his Country, it is said: 
The basis of our political system is the right of the 
people to make and alter their constitutions ofGoverrnnent. 
But the Constitutionwhiell at any tinie exists, untik changed 
by the explicit and authentic act of the whole people, is 
sacredly obligatory upon all." 
Mr. Madison, in his letter to Mr. Trist, on the 
23d day of December, 1832, said: 
is retnarkable how closely the nullifiers, who make 
the name of Mr. Jefferson the pedestal for their colossal 
heresy, shut. their eyes and lips whenever his authority is 
ever so clearly and enlphaticaliy against them, You have 
not-iced what lie says in his Ictters to Monroe and Carring- 
ton (.pp. 43, 203, vol.2) with respect to the power of the old 
Congress to coerce delinquent States; and his reasons for 
preferring för the purpose a naval to a military force ; and, 
moreover, his reniark that it was not necessary to find a 
right ta coerce in the Federal articles, that being inherent 
It is high time that the clåim 
in the nature of a cotnpact. 
to secede-at will should be put down by the public opinion. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
419 
Mr. .Pincknoy, of' South Carolina, in the con- 
vention that framed tbc Constitution, said: 
" i apprehend that the true intention of the StateS in 
uniting is, to have a firnn national Government capable ot 
effectually c.xccutill'f its acts and dispensing the benefits 
In it alone can be vested those powers 
of its protcetiotl. 
and prerogatives which Inore particularly distinguish a sov- 
creign State." 
President Jackson, in his celebrated proclama- 
tion, said: 
It [the Generai Government] is a Government in which 
ail of the people are represented, which operates directly 
on the people individually, not upon the States. They re- 
tain all the powers they did not grant. But each State 
having expressly parted with so many powers as to consti- 
tute jointly with the othcr Statcg a single nation, cannot, 
from that period, pass any right to secede, because such 
secession does not break a league, but destroys the unity 
of a nation. 
But if, in defiance of right, by a violation of 
public faith, on pretense of intolerablc oppres- 
sion—for thc rcmcdy of which no appeal has been 
made to the national Congress, to thc Federal 
judiciary, to the States, and the people of the 
States—a State, upon her own rcsponsibility, does 
secede from thc Union, what, sir, is the remedy? 
My answer is, sir, the constitutional enforcement 
of the laws. The General Government, charged 
with thc duty of providing for the general welfare, 
cannot shrink from the responsibility of prevent- 
the act of' seccssion from impairing the just 
rights of the remaining States. As tbc acrent of 
the whole people, it may not hesitatc in the per- 
fonnance of its duty. It cannot abdieatc Got'ern- 
It cannot abandon the trust it has ac- 
ment. 
ceptcd. 
But how' shall the rights of the remaining States 
be vindicated? By levying war on the secedincr 
States? No, sir. 'The people have not investeä 
the Federal Government.with power to recognize 
the ris-rllt of secession. As to thc General Gov- 
ernment, the act of attempted secession is a mere 
nullity;. The Government cannot wage war upon 
one of its parts; but it must execute the laws, so 
far as their execution involves the interests of the 
But gentlemen say that this is 
whole people. 
coercion. What is meant, sir, by coercion? If 
you mean by it that, if a State shall refuse to pcr- 
{Orm those duties which, in the very nature of 
things, must be the result of voluntary action, and 
which morat obligation can alone enforce, the 
Government of •thc United States, by the Army 
or Navy, shall compel their observance—then, 
sir, am I against coercion. If you mean, sir, that 
t_he mailed hand the Government shall be laid 
upon a State to compel her, as the only cscape 
from violence, to elect members of Congress, her 
citizens to perform the offices.of judges of the 
Federal courts and tbc duties of jurors, to act as 
collectors of the revenue and postmasters—then, 
sir, I am atrainst coercion. Thesc are duties which 
even tyranny cannot enforce; and their pert•orrn- 
ance, however desirable, is not indispensable to 
the general welfarc of the Union. If a State aban- 
dons the benefits of the Union, so far as the act 
affects herself only no onc may complain. But 
if you mean, sir, by coercion, the cnforccmcnt of 
the laws necessary to the welfare of the whole 
Union—laws enacted by the authority foundcd on 
the original sovereignty, and involving the con- 
stitutionak rights of the whole people of the United 
States; if you mean, sir, by coercion, the consti- 
tutional enforcement of these laws as they have 
been from the , sir, I in favor of 
coercion. If you mean, sir, by coercion, the col- 
lection of the public revenues as they have been 
collected for throe quarters of a century, and 
which are necessary to the very existencc of thc 
nation, or the protection of property purcbascd 
by the common treasure, and for the general ben- 
efit of the whole people of the United States; if 
these, sir, are acts of coercion, then I am for 
coercion; and the right and duty of such coercion 
by the General Government, by the oxcrcise of 
all of its constitutional powers, no State, however 
blinded by the passions of the hour, can deny. 
But these, sir, are not in strictness acts of co- 
ercion, but the Qrdinary cnförcement of the laws 
by thc twencics agreed upon by the common con- 
sent of tbc whole people in the formation of the 
Confederacy. 
power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, 
and excises, to pay thc debtsa•nd -provide for 
common defense and general welfmo of-the.Uni* 
ted States;" and the President, representing the 
executive power of the whole people; and gol- 
emnly sworn to preserve, protect, •and defend.the 
Constitution of the United States, is enjoined"' to 
take care that the .1aws be faithfully ixecuted.;!' 
and, sir, he cannot shrink from the duty nor ab- 
diQte the power. 
But how does the question stand upon author- 
ity? I have already. presented the opinion of Mr. 
Madison on the power of coercion and confirme 
ing the views of Mr. Jefferson. Mr. 
in one of the letters referred to, said, as ra reason 
for providing a navy to coerce the Barbary States: 
It will arm the Federal head (the old Congress) with 
the safest of all instruments of coercion over its delinquent 
members, an*d prevent its using what would be less safe." 
[Manifestly referring to military force. I—Jefferson's letter 
to John ddatns, July II, 1785. 
Again : 
will be said there is no money in the Treasury. There 
never will be money in the Tteasury until the Confederacy 
shows its teeth. Every rational citizen must wish to see 
an efli2ctivc instrument of coercion, and should fear to-see 
it on any other element than the water. A liaval force can 
never endanger our liberties nor occasion bloodshed ; a land 
foree would do both. "—Jefferson's tetter to Cotonel Monroe, 
.nugust n, 1786. 
Again : 
Jt has been so often said, as to be generally believcd, 
that Congress has no power by the confederation to enforeU 
anything; for example: contributions of n.oney. It was 
not necessary to give thern that power expressly ; they have 
it by the law of nature. "—Jefferson's Letter to Carrington, 
dugust 4, 1787. 
To whose opinions, sir, can the American peo- 
ple appeal with rhore confidence on such a ques- 
tion as this than to those of the statesmen who, 
of all others, gave form and character to the Con- 
stitution, and were alike enemies of consolidated 
power, and the sleepless friends of the reserved 
rights ? 
But I present another authority, sir, which 
even the people Of South Carolina may not refuge 
to hear; a statesman whose devotion to South 
Carolina was only surpassed by his love of jus- 
tice and attachment to the American Union; a 
inan, sir, who as a patriot, statesman, citizen, and 
scholar, was an honor to the race. At the nulli- 
fication period of 1832, hc was, I bblieve, a mem- 
ber of thc Legislature of South Carolina. I pre- 
sent a part of his address to the öeoplc of Khat 
State on the subject of secession, not as an au- 
tbority only, but on account of the vigor of the 
ar(yument: 
Suffer not yourselves to be deceived by the idea that 
the Gcneral Govermnent will recormize your title to be out 
of the Union. It is perfectly ciear they cannot. 51'.hey have 
no authority to abandon any portion of the Union. Tho 
'Perritory of Carolina was committed to their jurisdiction 
by a joint action of the States; and nothing short of the 
absolute necessity imposed by an unsuccessful war can 
release them from the obligations of that trust. They are 
comrnandcd and empowered to *nake all laws necessary 
and proper to protect Ihe custom-house and the post odice, 
their courts and judges, and all their officers. Can you 
doubt that they will do it? They must treat Carolina asin 
the Union, whatcver shc may say to.thc contrary. 
If a State employs a power wbieh is revolutionary as 
to the Union, and, of course, belligercnt in its character, 
the Union must possess and will exercise a correspohding 
right or retaliation. Are you in the Unlon? Blockade is 
then a clear exercise of the power to collect the revenuc. 
Are you out of the Union? Then in the exercise of an 
undoubted power to compel the observance of a treaty 
But Congress will not regard it as 
broken by yourselves. 
a belligerent measure, whatever you Inay say on the sub- 
jeet. '*hey must consider it nothing Inorc than the ordi- 
nary case of the Prcsident, as comlnander-in-ehief of the 
Anny and Navy of the Union, employing the latter in the 
discharge of his duty to 'take care that the laws be faith- 
fully txecuted.' "—Crimké's Letter to the People of South 
Carohna, December l, 1832. 
Sir, the right of secession does not exist. The 
If the 
duty of enforcing the laws is imperative. 
sacrifices of our fathers shall bc found useless; if 
the Union of the States, which was formed by 
their wisdom, prescrved by their fraternal for- 
bcarance, and defended with their blood, shall be- 
come a mockery to their hopes, a dishonored 
monument to their memory, and a stiffrna and 
reproach to their children, the imperfect judgment 
of the present generation, and the severe and un- 
erring judgment of posterity, will not suffer the 
plea of right to palliate the crime of its destruc- 
tion, and will brand this Government with the 
r I'he suffciency of thc powers conferred by the 
infamy of broken faitt), if it shall, in the hour of 
people on the General Government for maintain- 
Ing the majesty of' thc law, cannot be called in peril, abandon the sacred trust committed to its 
question. is not so much a power conförred as ] keeping by the American people. 
The Congress shall have II But while, sir, there is no right of secession, 
a duty imposed. 
