420 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 16, 
and although the people have imposed upon this 
Government the duty of enforcing the laws, no 
American statesman will question the right of rev- 
olulion as a remedy for intolerable oppression. 
Can any State of- this Union present a case, she 
herself being the judge, that ',viil justify a resort 
to this final remedy? From what Government 
would she revolt? Certainly not from the gov- 
ernment of the States; for each, as to local gov- 
ernmcnt, is independent. Revolution, then, could 
only be the overturning of the Government of 
the United States. Can any State assert that 
that Government has been oppressive? 'The 
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. ANDERSON] dis- 
cussed this subject yesterday. What showing, 
sir, did he make against the Government? Its 
powers are wisely divided into three departments. 
Which of these departments, sir, has. oppressed 
a State of the South? The judicial? Why, even 
the gentlman himself eulogized that department 
as eminently wise and just and impartial. The 
legislative? No State lias sought to impeach it. 
From the beginning, no law has been enacted to 
which the South has not given her assent. The 
executive? No State of the South will charge it 
with one act of oppression. Where, then, sir, is 
the right of revolution? T hc popular voice is 
unfriendly to the South. Why, sir, in the recent 
expression, a majority of a million of voices, even 
by the gentleman 's admission, were raised in de- 
fcnse of her constitutional rights. But the policy of 
sister States has beon unconstitutional and unjust. 
The majority ? No, the minority; for every south- 
ern State admits that the fifteen States of the South 
and four States of the North have been true to 
their engagements. No, sir; it comes to this: 
that, by the constitutional action ofthc people, onc 
of the threc departments will be controlled by a 
policy unfriendly to the South; and that, too, 
will be controlled by the others, ao•ainst whiqh 
the South raises no complaint. No, sil , 
at the bar 
of impartial public juslgnncnt, the casc would ut- 
terly fail The Government has been eminently 
wise and patriotic and just. A.nd such will be the 
judgment of history. 'Rhc opinions of a minor- 
lty of the American people are ullfricndly to the 
domestic policy of the South. 
Is this intolerable 
oppression? No, sir; the right of secession is de- 
Ined by the Constitution ; and there is no oppression 
to justify the right of revolution. Ifthe Govern- 
ment is overturned, thc act will be without justi- 
fication or excuse. The evils that exist—the want 
of fraternal comity between the two sections of 
the Union—admits of remedy without invoking 
the prescncc of the destroying angel, and calling 
down the Divine vengeance upon our heads. 
But, sir, are not States amenable at the bar of 
public justice? For cighly-two years the people 
of the Unitcd States, in the application of the 
public revcnucs, have acted on the theory that 
they were one people, and that any tax lcvied 
upon the common industry of the nation was im- 
posed for the common good, and not, for t.hc bene- 
fit of particular States. Uncounted noillions have 
been levied upon the labor of the American 
and cheerfully paid, to provide ftn• the 
defense and general welfare of the whole country. 
For the benefit of the general commerce 
houses have been erected on cvcry coast. To 
protect the Republic from invasion, forts have 
been built at every exposed point upon our bor- 
ders, not for the protection of onc Statc, but of 
all the States. 
Is it possible, sir, that any part 
of the American people will consider it consistent 
with good faith or national honor, that these results 
of national industry shall be appropriated to the 
exclusive use of particular States? Sir, övery 
citizen of your teeming millions, wherever he may 
have been—in your marts of commerce upon the 
borders of tho oceans, or in the secure and peace- 
ful valleys of the distant West, upon your ships 
in remotc seas, or in the huts of the trapper in 
the gorges of your mountains, on the borders of 
the Rio Grande, or by the' lakes of' the North— 
wherever he may have been, or whatever his pur- 
suits, has felt that the honor, the well-being, and 
the defense of the nation, his care. What 
citizen, sir, has not contribfited to the building of i 
your light-houses and navy-yards and arsenals 
and dock-yards and forts, and providing muni- I 
Lions of war? These workS, sir, for the national 
welfare and defense, have been erected wherever 
dered to the Government in New York and Mas- 
sachusetts, Virginia and South Carolina, and else- 
where, notfor any particular State or for its bene- 
fit, .but for the purposes of the whole American 
people. I ask again, sir, can any State, without a 
flagrant violation of good faith, appropriate the 
common industry of the nation to her own exclu- 
Sive use ? 
The great West, with her industrious and 
peaceful people, devoted to agriculture, and deriv- 
mg no direct benefits from duties on foreign com- 
merce, receiving no other benefits from the tax on 
her labor, save protection from foreign invasion, 
has cheerfully contributed millions to erect works 
of national defense on the coast of the Atlantic. 
Can any State think so meanly of the manhood of 
her people as to suppose she will tamely submit 
to the appropriation of these works by particular 
States? The defense of New York and Charles- 
ton, of Boston and Savannah, has been the com- 
mon care of the nation. We have removed mount- 
ains of granite from New England to the port of 
Charleston to erect barriers against a common en- 
emy. The common toil of the American people, 
in the confidence of national faith, has made the 
coast of South Carolina to frown defiance on the 
enemies of thc Republic. Can these cities enter- 
tain the belief that other portions of our people 
can consent to their assertion of exclusive owner- 
ship of these works in derogation of the corpmon 
Can South Carolina, whose chivalrous 
sons tire sensitively alive to everything that per- 
tains to their own honor, or the honor of their 
State, consider it possiblc that the other States of 
the Union, equally sensitive of honor, equally 
brave and chivalrous, can submit to the startling 
wrong of her appropriating to her exclusive use 
the works of national defense upon her borders 
as though they were thc work of her own hands ? 
Can she think so poorly of American spirit and 
of the national scnsc of honor? Sir, they Will not. 
They cannot submit to it consistently with honor 
or justice. These works were not built for South 
Carolina, or for herexclasivc defense. Congress, 
even according to the doctrine of her own states- 
nien, never l')osscssed the pot,vcr of appropriating 
one dollar of the national treasure except for 
national ol.)jects. 
Those works were erected by the common con- 
sent of the nation, witli the con-nnon treasure of 
the nation, in the faith of the national integrity, 
and for national defense; and, sir, the honor of 
the nation is involved in their appropriation to the 
purpose for which they were designed. That 
honor, sir, will not be sullied. Yet, while it is n 
goodly thing, sir, to have a giant's strength, it is 
tyrannous to use it like a giant. The very strength 
of the Government will induce forbearance. It is 
inconsistent with the spirit of the nation to treat 
a State, a member ot• the political household, how- 
ever hostile hcp attitude may be, as a revolted 
province. South Carolina and sister States, 
who have resorted to this extraordinary method 
of redressing alleged grievances, will be wooed 
back into the sisterhood of States, even in tf'ie 
spirit of maternal kindness—a spectacle unheard 
of in the history of the world. 
But let her and 
them beware; ihe comrnon mother is not the 
less powerful because she is tender and pacific and 
fbrbcaring. Let theni not provoke the terrors of 
forboarance of this 
the parent's wrath. 
Government will correspond with its irresistible 
strength. The honor of the nation is dear to every 
patriot's heart; the flarr of the Ropt.lblic. is sacred. 
Can South Carolina and her conföderate States 
believc that the sell)se of honor has died out in the 
hearts of the American people; that manhood and 
come again dear to her heart. But let her remem- 
ber that her sentiments of honor and justice and 
courage are the common sentiments of the Amer- 
can people; let her not remain estranged from the 
heart of her country until she shall cease to be 
embraced by her sympathies; for no terrors, sir, 
can equal the terrors of a parent's wrath. 
Sir, the questions of this hour are of fearfu! 
importance to the brave, yet industrious and peace- 
ful people whom in part I have, as you have, sir, 
the honor to represent—the people who have es- 
tablished an empire in the great Northwest. 
the disruption of the Union, if such a terrible 
calamity should come upon us, the immediate in- 
terests of our industry are peculiarly involved. 
We, of all others, sir, cannot coment to the dis- 
solution of t.he Union. Let tho South and the 
North remember, sir, that our highways to the 
Gulf and to the ocean cannot be obstructed. The 
energy and fortitude and courage and enterprise 
which have established that empire, will never 
consent that tribute shall be laid upon their labor. 
Whatever misfortunes may befall us, I trust, sir, 
I that that never wrill be attempted; but if it should 
be, sir, the mighty flood of the " father of waters" 
is not more resistless than would bc the aroused 
spirit of our people. 
I speak the more freely, sir, on these subjects, 
because I am one ef the million and a half of rncn 
in the free States who havc defended and will 
still defend the constitutional rights of our fellow- 
citizens of the South, many of whom seem now 
willing to desert us to the tender mercies of our 
common political opponents; and because, sir, if 
some of the States of the North have reversed the 
teachings of our fathers, and adoptcd a policy de- 
structivc of a just and fraternal comity bctwccn 
the States, anu have inaugurated, as is asserted 
by the South, the present perils, and furnished at 
least a pretext, if It were possible, for extenuat- 
ing the crime of national destruction, the State 
of Indiana, which I in part represent, is nota party 
to the offense. Hor fertile soil, the gift of Vir- 
ginia to the Union, herself a chidd of that Union, 
she has never wavered in her devotion to the Con- 
stitution and the Union of the States. 
stat- 
ute-books have never been dishonored by an act 
of nullification, nor her people by resistance to 
the enforcement of the laws. By the beautiful 
river 011 her southern border, she is indissolubly 
united with Virginia and Pennsylvania and Ken- 
tuck y and Ohio and Illinois and tho great States 
upon the borders of the Mississippi, and no State 
or citizen of a State can charge her with tan act 
of violated faith. She is devotcd to the Union, 
not only because of its illustrious memories and 
countless blessings, but by the ties of kindred and 
of blood. Her children must go to the valleys ot 
Virginia and the coasts of Maryland, to Kentucky 
and Tennessee and the Carolinas, to the hills of 
New England and the shores of the Hudson and the 
Delaware, to visit the graves of their fathers and 
the homes of' their childhood. She has received 
no material aid from the Union, save protection to 
the peaceful industry of her citizens. With near 
a million and a half of people, she has neither dock- 
yards, nor navy-yards, nor arsenals, nor forts; the 
General Government has scarcely furnished her 
a stand of arms. She has been. content that her 
defenses should be the defenses of the nation. 
For fifty years her people have cheerfully borne 
every burden which the wisdom of twe General 
' Govermncnt has thought fit to impose upon them, 
and millions upon millions of treasure coined from 
the sweat of their industry have poured into the 
common Treasury ofthe.Republic, for the general 
welfare and common defense. She has kept her 
manly courage, and the sentiment of justice, exist faith; she has broken no covenant; and with clean 
no more in their sister States? South Carolina hands she will resist the breaking of the most 
may insult the honor of the nation; she may seize 
sacred covenant ever sanctioned by mortals—the 
upon the and covenant sealed with the blood of our fathers— 
trample upon the ensign of the Republic—an act the compact of the Union. 
which, if done by the combined and countless 
For myself, sir, as a Democrat, while I have 
millions of Europe, armed to the teeth, would be 
resisted and deplored the sectional policy of the 
resented upon the instant, even i? it involved every dominant party of the North, I have not been able 
hamlet and village and town and city in this broad to forget, sir, 
that the spirit of the northern De- 
land in indiscriminate ruin—yet the nation will mocracy was crushed and stricken down by a 
bear all this, for the Marions and the Sluntcrs corresponding policy of the. dominant party of 
and the Rutledges and the Pinckneys were sons of 
South Carolina; and it may be that that flag which 
sho has loved so tenderly, and which hcp chival- 
rot-ts sons have borne so bravely 011 rnany a field 
the comrnon interests of the nation required them, red with the blood of tbc enemies of the Republic, . I yot I see, sir, 
upon the ocean or upon soil voluntarily surren- may, whén the passion of the hour subsides, be- 
the partial success of the Republican 
the South, 
party, upon which is predicated this suicidal pol- 
is attributable to the feuds in 
icy of secession, 
the ranks of the hitherto indomitable Democracy ; 
in the election of Abraham Lincoln 
to the Presidency, nothing to justify this extraor- 
