1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
423 
the coal, and other facilities mentioned in it, the 
Mr. CLARK. I did not •.vorlc against it out- 
Government is not bound to take it. The matter 
side. 
was discussed here at the lastsession, and fully dis- 
FESSENDEN. Senator that, 
cussed; and after discussion, the Senate passed a 
take it. 
bill confirming the conditional contract that had 
Mr. CLARK. I did speak against it in the 
been made. In the House of Representatives, how- 
Senate; but I desire to did it from a 
ever, they saw fit, under the opposition that was 
good motive, because I was not satisfied that the 
made there—and I do not question the propriety 
harbors had been suffciently examined, or that 
of it—instead of passing a bill confirming the oon- 
they existed, or that there was an abundance of 
tract, to provide that a further examination should 
coal there, or that there was a good route; but I 
be madc under Government auspices, under Gov- 
did then satisfy myself that if these harbors did 
ernment direction, to see whether the facilities 
exist and .the matter was as it was represented, 
could be furnished that were represented to exist, 
I would give• it my support. 
I now desirc to say 
and which were contracted for by the individual 
that I am fully satisfied that the harbors do exist, 
that the coal does exist in abundant quantity and 
who made the contract with the Government. 
T hc report made by the Government offcers is 
of good quality, and that the route is a good one. 
conclusive in all particulars. Thero is no doubt 
I therefore now give the measure my support 
about it; there is no question about the correct- 
without an reference to the Panama railroad. 
Mr. HALE. This propositon takes me alto- 
ness of the report. 
It shows that here are the 
fincst harbors, or as fine harbors as can be found 
gethcr by' surprise at this session; I have some 
on .the face of the earth, on cach side, and a per- 
recollection of the discussi0D on the subject at the 
fectly practicable route for a road across, and coal 
last session; and I shall bc glad to have thc pro- 
in any quantity of the finest quality—I have seen 
priety of putting this in the deficiency bill ex- 
some of it burned myself—directly on the shore, 
plained. What is thc necessity of loading down 
where it can be furnished to the ships. The cal- 
the deficiency bill with this appropriation ? 
culation thqt was made last year was, that we 
Mm FESSENDEN. The answer to thatques- 
should save, in the price and storagc of coal, in 
tion is obvious. 
In the first place, this is a con- 
the course ofa couple of years, I believe, all that 
tract made which has long bccn pending; and, 
we pay for the privileges we get. Everybody 
although it is a conditional contract, if it is to be 
knows that on the Panama route there is no har- 
affrmed, it ought to bo affirmed immediately; and 
bor that is worth having; that we are exposed to 
it cannot without an appropriation of the money. 
enormous expense in order to furnish our vessels 
In the next place, there is an exceedingly pross- 
with coal there; and we are taxed very heavily in 
ing necessity on the part of the contractor him- 
other particulars. Here is an advantage which I 
self, owing to the long delay of Congress; and it 
do not hesitate to say, from the best judg•mcnt I 
may be possible that he may lose some of the 
have been able to form upon it, and the examina- 
advantages which he has contracted to give to us 
tion that I have been able to give it, if we Iosc it, 
unless he is furnished with means to complete the 
will bc taken up directly by some other Govern- 
contract at once. 
ment. Already offers have been made for it. We 
Mr. HALE. I confess that I shall bc obliff0d, 
if I vote on this subject now, to vote in the Rark 
ought by all means to secure it, if our commerce 
and our travel in these seas be worth anything 
altogether. The honorable Senator from Maine 
intimates that thc opposition to this appropriation 
to us. 
Now, sir, when the matter has been thoroughly 
comes from the Panama railroad. 
I hate to votc 
ox-amined•; when a good, satisfactory, and 
on those subjects where I find that I have got to 
contract has been made; one which secures the 
decide between two jobs—I think that is very 
Government as to the performance of it, and in- 
much the case here—and the jobs are Chiriqui 
and Panama. I have not had' timc; and I have 
sures an these advantages; when under the direc- 
tion of Congress an cramination has been made 
not seen the, documents referred to. I very much 
with reference to it, and the reports that have 
doubt the propriety of any such appropriation as 
been previously made more than confirmed, it is 
this to answer any public ends. That there is, to 
remarkable to me that there should be any hesi- 
use a popular phrase, money in it," I have no 
tation whatever in putting it in the power of the. 
doubt—not the slightest; and although my vote, 
Government to close this bargain. 
I was about 
I know, will not. do any good, and possibly no 
to say that it was the only thing; but I will not 
hurt, I shall be obliged to vote against it until I 
say that; at any rate it is a good thilP, which, if 
have better light than I have now. 
adopted, is creditable, highly credita%le, to this 
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 am not disposed to de- 
Administration of the Government; and I hope 
batc this subject; but I will simply remurk ill 
we shall ncA fail to carry it out. 
reply to what has fallen from the Senator from 
i rose merely for the sake of making these gen- 
Maine, that I have never been approachcd on this 
i subject by any person connected with the Panama 
eral remarks. The matter was discussed fully a.t 
the last session. It is a question whéther we 
railroad that know of. I do not know that I 
shall spend a little money for what, in my judg- 
am acquainted with more than one gentleman in- 
ment, will return us tenfold, and in a very short 
terested in that road, and I have not seen him for 
period of tune, in the way of saving to the Gov- 
two or three years. My information on the sub- 
ernment itself in actual expenditure, and will re- 
ject is derived wholly from the reports connected 
sult in incalculable advantages to our commerce, 
with it, and cspecially the reports made in the 
if we are to have a commerce. Especially does 
House of Representatives by the majority and 
minority of the Committee on Naval Äffairs. 
it become, in my judgment, men from our section, 
who are interested in the commcrcc of the coun- 
believe we have alrcqdy three routcs, and I do 
try, tb avail themselves of this without the slight- 
not sce apy necessity fbr paying money for a 
I fourth one. 
est hesitation. 
Mr. GREEN. merely wish to say that 1 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am very sorry that it 
concur in every word said by the Senator from 
is necessary for me to explain again. 
i am as- 
Maine, and I give expression to this concurrence 
tonishcd that gentlemen here arc so very sensi- 
not accidentally, but from a close and careful ex- 
tivc in regard to a remark which I once explained, 
amination of all tho facts connected with the case. 
and in which I said I had no allusion whatevcr to 
any gentlemen in the Senate; but if anythine 
I shall, therefore, make no further remark. 
Mr. CLARK. 1 do not think the from 
could make rnc suspect gentlemen, it would bc 
Maine was quite just in ascribing all thc opposi- 
this extreme scnsitivct)ess for fear they should be 
tion to this measure to a desire to give a monop- 
I said most distinctly that I had no 
suspected. 
Oly to the Panama Railroad Company. 1 undcr- 
I spoke of 
reference to anybody in the Scnatc. 
stood him so to say. Now, Mr. President, I 
the opposition that had been made, the stories 
opposed thiÆ measure at the last session, and I 
that had been got up, the attempts that had becn 
made to defeat the measure—not by any Senator; 
did it from no such motive as is ascribed to mc 
and if I thought any Senator was concerned in it 
and others, if he means to ascribe that motive— 
I should not say so, because it would be unparlia- 
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend, 1 hope, will 
mentary and improper—and therefofe I have ex- 
i do not say that voting 
not misapprehend me. 
against it is opposition to it at all. There has E 
plained once what I did moan precisely; and gen- 
tlcnlcn ought to take rny explanation, and not 
been an active opposition outside and about, and 
that I ascribe precisely to the cause I mentioned. 
require another. 
II Mr. CLARK. 1 am satisfied. 
Where gentlemen choose to votc against a bill 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, sir, if the Senator 
because they are not satisfied about it, far bc it 
from New Hampshire [Mr. HALF.] docs not know 
from me to ascribe any motive to them but 
'lthere 
anything about this, it is own fault. 
desire to advance the public int.efcst. 
has been a report made, and a full one, stating all 
the advantages to the Government, incFudingthe 
money that the Government would save..m It has 
been argued in the Senate once bofore ec*tainly 
in full, and all these' matters were then explained; 
If the Senatof does not kliow anything it, 
it is because he has not looked into it; that is all.' 
Mr. HALE, I do not know that I-have the 
least sensitiveness in the world in regard to the 
remarks of the Senator from Maine. I am, sure 
I did not feel any, nor do I feel the- slightest, un-a 
der thc threat that he has made, that it I do not 
keep still, he will begin to think I act from im- 
proper motives. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is another 
derstanding. 
Mr. HALE. He said it. 
I do not know 
whether he meaMt it or not. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 did say it. 
Mr. HALE. Very well; perhaps he did not 
say anything. I said, sir, that I- feared, and be- 
lieved, and had a suspicion, that-this was a con- 
test between two jobs. One has already got rights, 
and the othcr is striving to get thcm. I,do re- 
member tho discussion that took placo -in the Seu- 
ate last session; and my impression of that de- 
batc is, that it was advcrsc to any action; and 
that it was postponed; but I may be mistaken 
about that. As 1 say, this comes upon me sud- 
denly now; and, under these impressions, I shall, 
without more light than I have had—gcntlemen 
have put the papers before mc since 1 got up— 
vote against it; and I vote against it without feel- 
ing particularly called upon to apologize to (ny- 
body for the reasons that influence me. While 
I think I nevct• made an insinuation arrainst the 
integrity of anybody on this floor, I feel as easy 
as most people do under those which are thrown 
at me for any such motives myself. I neither 
cast anything of that sort to anybody, nor. do I 
feel vcry restive or vcry sensitivc under it from 
anybody else. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary 
will call the roll upon the amendment. 
Mr. HALE. I hope the sum will be named 
before we vote. 
Mr. HUNTER. Three thousand 
dollars. 
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from New 
Hampshire recollects the conclusion hc arrived 
at, I supposc, and forgets the process by which 
he arrived at it. The subject was fully discussed 
in the Naval Committee when he was present, 
and we decided against it. 
Mr. HALE. Of course we did. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The was adopted by 
the Senate. 
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 beg pardon. Tho Naval 
Committee reported against it; but it was after- 
wards adopted in the Senate. 
The question being taken by ycas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 38, nays 8; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Benjamin, Bi@er, Bragg, Bright, 
Cameron, Clark, Clingman, Collamer, Grittendcn, Dixon, 
Fessenden Fitch, Foot, Foster, Green, Grimes, Gwin , 
Hemphill, *lunter, Ivcrson Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson 
of Tenncssee Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Morrill.' 
Nicholson, PÆk, Powell, Rice, Sebastian, Seward, Sunv 
ner, 'Jfcn Eyck, VVadc, and Wilson—38. 
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Durkee, Hale, 
King, Pearce, Saulsbury, and Wilkinson—8. 
So the amendmcnt was agreed to. 
Mr. FITÖI-I. 1 am directed by the Commit- 
tee on Printing, and havo the aséent of the Finance 
Committee, to report the following amendment: 
To enable the Superintendent of Public Printing to carry 
relation 
into the provisions of thc joint resotution in 
to the, public printing," approved June 23, 1860, $135.00() : 
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall bo ex- 
pended until the title to the property purchased slittll havo 
been examined and approved hy the Attorney General of 
the United States. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 shall vote for that 
ment on the faith of the Printing Committee. 
have not examined it personally; but they say it 
is right. 
Mr. BINGHAM called for the yeas and nays; 
and they were ordered. 
'I'he yeas and nays having been 
Mr. FITCH. 
called for, perhaps some brief explanation of the 
amendment may bc required by Senators, and it. 
will cheerfully be rendered by the Committee. on 
[ Mr. WII.,soÉ assented.] 
Printino•. 
It will be fccollected that at the last session of 
Congress a joint resolution was passed changins-r 
the present system of printing, and providing 
