424 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 17, 
the erection or purchase of a Government estab- 
lishment For that purpose. That erection or pur- 
chase was directed to be made by the Superin- 
tendent of Public Printing, and whateVer contract 
hc made w'as to be confirmed by the Joint Com- 
mitteqpn Printing. He purchase(h, it appears, 
with the unoffcial aid and advice of the Secretary 
of the Interior, upon the grounds, as alleged in 
a letter from himself, which I now have in my 
hand, that a building could not be erected in time 
.suffcient to enable him to comply with the law, 
which was to go into operation on the 4th of 
March. 
It was impossible for him to erect a 
building and put in it the necessary material in 
order to commence operations within that period. 
Acting under the advice and with the assent un- 
offciaily of the Secretary of the Interior, he pur- 
chased an existing establishment; The purchase, 
according to the law, was referred to the Ccnnrnit- 
tee on Printing. After due examination of all the 
papers, the Joint Committee on Printing unan- 
Imously confirmed the contract, believing it the 
very best thing that could be done in the premises 
for the Government. The report of the pu rchase 
was made by the Superintendent to the House 
committee; but as appears from a letter of the 
chairman of the House committee, it came there 
too late to be inserted in the deficiency bill, thc 
proper place for the appropriation; because other- 
wise the money cannot be paid until after thc 30th 
of June next, and the law requires the establish- 
ment to go into operation on the 4th of March. 
I mmy add, furthermore, that the printing of the 
House, it is understood, is not now promptly 
executed; and the Superintendent and the House 
committee desire this establishment to be put into 
operation for the benefit of the House printing. 
The contract, and all the papers in the casc are 
here, and can be read if any Senator deSires to 
have them read; butl believe 1 have given a full, 
thou«yh brief, sti.ttcmcnt of the facts. 
Mr. CAMERON. Every Senator present, I 
suppose, knows that I have always been opposed 
to the establishment of a Government printing 
offcc. I think it wrong, and I believe tirnc will 
prove it; but I have paid some attention to this 
subject, ana I am satisfied that the wisest thing 
thai could have been done under the circum- 
stances, was to buy this office. This printincr 
office of Wendell is the Inost perfect printincr 
office, not only in the United States, but in the 
It cost a much larger sum than the Gov- 
world. 
crnment has agreed to pay for it, and you have 
saved great. many jobs by rnaking this purchase. 
I um satisfied that from seventy-five to one hun- 
dred thousand dollars have bccn saved by making 
this arrangernent, and God only knows how 
much rnm•c you save from what would be cx- 
pended, if you v,rere to go on and erect a new 
building. I think that everybody who is in favor 
of the interests of the Government, and who is in 
favor the constant plunder in the 
shape of' I-n.tl)lic printino•, ought at o race to vote for 
the appropriation to buy this office. 
Let us try 
this cxpcrimcnt, and get done with it as soon as 
I belicvc thc experiment but I 
we can. 
am satisfied that this is a wise measum in regard 
The qucstion being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 37, nays 9; as follows: 
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, 
Baker, 
B enjmnili, 
Bragg, Cameron, Ciark, Clingrn;rn, Colla:uer, Crittenden, 
Dixon, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, (_hviti, I 
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane, 
Lathan), Mason, Nicholson, ['carcc, Polk, Rice, Saulsbury, 
Sebastian, Seward, Sirnmons, Sumner, 'L'en Eyck, 'I'rutn- 
bull, Wigfall, and Wilson—37. 
NAYS—Mcssrs. Bingham, Doolittle, Hale, Johnson of 
'I'ennessee, King, Morrili, Powel\, Wade, and 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. It is incumbent 
upon the Chair to call up at this hoar the special 
order, which is the Pacific railroad bill. 
Mr. GWIN. passed over informally. 
Mr. HUNTER. hope that, by general con- 
sent, we shall be allowed to go on with this bill. 
I move to postpone all prior orders. 
tion, and the deficiency bill is still before the 
Scnate. 
Mr. G WIN. Iam ins ructed by the Committee 
on the Post Office an Post Roads to offer an 
t the end of the bill the 
amendment, to insert 
following: 
'l'o Cornelius Vander t, for carrying the mails from 
New York, via Panmna, to San Francisco, three times a 
month, from the Istot' July, 1860, at the rate ot• $350,000 per 
annuli), from which sutn shall be deducted the amount re- 
ceived for postages on said route ; and the Postmaster Gen- 
era) is hereby authorized to contract with said Vanderbilt, 
to carry the mails in the manner as aforesaid until the 30th 
of June next at the san'le rate or coinpens;ltiön ; and so 
much Inoney is hereby appropriated out of thc ']'rcasury of 
the United States, as Inay be necessary to carry out the 
said contract. 
At the last session of Congress no provision 
was made for carrying the mails by the ocean 
route. The Postmaster General made a contract, 
suuject to the approval of Congress, to curry those 
mails at the compensation stated in thö amend- 
ment, until the 4th oc March. The committee 
thought it proper to extend the privilege of carry- 
ing them at the same ratc of compensation to the 
end of the prcsent fiscal year. This gives us a 
mail three times a month for $400,000 less than 
was formerly aid for the samo service. 
Mr. LATI-PAM. 1 should like to have that 
amendment so modified as to vest the power in 
the Postmaster General to settle with the contract-k 
ing parties. Mr. Vanderbilt is not the Only person 
who has discharged this service. His contract 
only extends from the city of New York to Aspin- 
wall. The railroad company have carried the 
mail across thc Isthmus, and the Pacific Mail 
Steamship Company upon the other side. When 
Congress makes this appropriation, I should like 
to see a proper recognition of their services made; 
for when the PostOflicc Departmentfirst wished to 
make this contract, Mr. Vanderbilt peremptorily 
refused to carry the inail. The Pacific Mail Steam- 
ship Company were perfectly willing to do it. 
They brought all the mail from San Francisco to 
Panama, upon the other side, where the old con- 
, and it was left upon the Isthmus, Mr. 
tract cn (led 
Vanderbilt. refusing to carry it to New York. 'I'llC 
railroad cornpany •were also willing to carry it. 
My colleague and Inysell', as he knows very well, 
while in New York, waited upon thc agent of Mr. 
Vanderbilt's company, and ho declined to carry 
the mail in the absence of legislation, or to huvc 
anyth ing to do with it. The Pacific Mail Steam- 
ship Company wore perfectly willing to carry it 
after Congress had faded to make the appropria- 
tion last year, and the same is true of the railroad 
company. Now, I ask that the amendment be 
modified, so that their services may bc recoffllized, 
and that Congress, in making this appropriation, 
will not give the sole and entire credit of carryin«r 
thc mail from San Francisco to New York and 
back again to this individual. These companies 
entitled to n recorrnition of their services. I 
think the amendment should bc so modified. 
Mr. GWIN. Tho is drawn in 
ace.ordancc v,'it.h t.hc recommendations of the Post 
()ffice Department. The coritract, as I undcrstand 
t.hc Postmaster General, was made wit.h Mr. Van- 
I-lore is a letter from the Assistal'lt Post- 
master General, stating that he had made con- 
tract with MI'. Vanderbilt, and he has asked that 
this arncndment should be passed in this form. 
It c,quue frorn thc Post Oflice Department to me. 
What my colleague has said in regard to throwing 
out the there, is correct; but I took it for 
o•ranted the Postmaster General had made it in 
the u•oper forni covering the whole case. 
Mr. HUNTER. You had have that 
letter read. 
Mr. GWIN. Here is the letter of the Assist- 
ant Postmastcr Gencral, and herc are the esti- 
mates, also. 
Mr. LATHAM. I will merely state, in addi- 
tion, that I waited upon the Assistant Postmaster 
General myself, and hc gave mc a certificate of 
the fact that the mail upon the otbcr side was 
c.arried by the steamers of Lhc Pacific Mail Steam- 
ship Company, specifying their trips and narnes. 
from California proposes an amendment to the 
amendment. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 to have the letter of 
the Assistant' Postmaster General read, in which 
he says that he made this contract with Mr. Van- 
derbilt. That is the only information I have on 
the subject. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The letter will 
be read. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT, Deccmber 15, 1860. 
SIR : I hoped . ere this to have had a full conversation 
with you on the subject ot• Commodore Vanderbilt's present 
contract for carrying the California and South A Encrican 
mails. But I may, perhaps, say all that is necessary in a 
few words. 
You are aware that I was in New York and took an active 
part in getting him to conscnt to take charge of these inails 
early in July last, several cart-loads of which were then 
lying in the New York office, and I pledged-- myself to exert 
any influence I possessed toward securing to a titir 
remuneration for the service. 
Under the old contracts iOr semi-monthly service on this 
line, including branch from New ()rleans, the annual cost 
was $738,250, at a timc when the expense of the Isthmus 
conveyance was but $100,000 ; and for a period when this 
conveyance cost at the rate ot' $160,000, the entire expense 
reached the surn of $798,250. 
At the expiration of these contracts, it will be recollected 
that Cornmodore Vanderbilt ent.cred into a temporary con- 
tract iör twice-monthly service, nine months, up to June 30, 
1860, at t.he rate of $250,000 per anntun, cæclusive of the 
Panama railroad service, which was continued at the former 
contract pay of $100,000 ; making the wholc cost $350,000. 
'I'his being a re(luctfon of $388*50 on the previous cost, 
was regarded as exceedingly reasonable; and in adjusting 
thc compensation under the existing contract, I heg leave 
to suagcst that, in vicw Of his performing tri-monthly ser- 
vice, embracing thc Isthrnus conveyance, if he will be sat- 
isficd with thc saine rate of pay, ($350,000,) it seeins to Ine 
there should bc no hesitation in granting it. It is true the 
branch from Nevv Orleans is otnitted ; but this is inuch Inore 
than offset by tho third monthly trip. 
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient 
HORATIO KING, 
servant, 
First dssistant Postmaster General. 
Hon. S. COLFAX, House of Representatioes. 
Mr. HUNTER. As 1 understand it, sir, this 
amendmQnt was designed to meet a provisional 
contract made by the President of the United 
States with Mr. Vanderbilt. 
It turned out that, 
under existing laws, owing to the failure of Con- 
grcss to pass an appropriation, he could get noth- 
ing but the postages on printed matter. That 
would not compensate him , hnd hc threw thc mails 
out. I-Ic was under no obligation to carry them; 
but, at the request of the Postluastcr General, he 
agreed to carry them upon his avowal that he 
would simply rocommcnd Congress to appropri- 
ate. There is no law•by which. we are bound. 
He carried them at a great saving to the Govern- 
ment as compared with the prices which had 
formerly been paid. That being the case, it seems 
to me we ought to make up the sum which he 
promised. Iam willing to go as far as..the Depart- 
ment recommended, because they have examined 
it; but I am not willing to amend it and go fur- 
thcr, becåusc I do not know whether it will be 
right or wrong. As far as they have proposed, 
it is manifestly just. 
If they made this bargain 
with him—and a good bargain it turned out to be 
—and hc carried it upon mere faith, there being 
no obligation that Congress would pay him, 1 
think it ought to pay him. T hc portion of that 
amendrnent which the Department did not recom- 
mend is that which provides that the President or 
Postmaster General may contract, after thc 4th of 
March, at the same rate. 'I'hat was left out origin- 
ally; because, at that time, it was supposed they 
would make another arrancrement by law in the 
I-louse for the period of time intervening between 
the 4th of March and the 1st of July next. Upon 
consultation with the chairman of the Committee 
on the Post Offce and Post Roads of the House, 
he suggested that we had better put in this amend- 
ment, in order to secure the carrying of the mails, 
if they failed in the House to carry out the plan 
which they have there, and which he thought 
they would fail in carrying out. That portion is 
not according to thc estimate, but is according to 
tho principle of the former contract, and was put 
in for the reason that I have just stated. 
Mr. HALE. I desire simply to call the atten- 
I know myself, of my own knowledge, as every tion of the Senator from California, who intro- 
G WIN. I hopc not. The railroad bill I Senator herc does, that no onc but [he railroad I duced this amendment, to one point. My im- 
can be passed over intormally. 
company can carry it across the Isthmus. 
I pression is, that this amendmént does not carry 
MI', HUNTER. If the Senate will agree to therefore move to amend the amendment by strik- 
out what the committee agreed upon. The com- 
ing out Mr. Vanderbilt's name, so as to let it read mittee agreed to allow this sum to be paid to them, 
that, I have no objection. 
The PRESIDIIXG OFFICER. 'By general simply for carrying the nntils between New York and they agreed that as this Administration would 
consent, thc Pacific railroad bill can be passed and San Francisco. 
out by the 4th of March, if not sooner, [laugh- 
over for the present. The Chair hears no objec- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
ter,] and this cofitract only runnina• to that time, 
