1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
I like, with the indulgence of the Senate, to have 
it would be wise and expedient to continue this 
arrangement to the 30th of June, 1861, and to that letter road again. I was interrupted by a 
make the payment ofa part conditional upon the 
consent of the contractors to carry the whole on 
this pay to that time. That was the 
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir. 
Mr. HALE. I think, then, if the Senator from 
California will consent, we should insert after the 
words 1860, the words to the 1stJuly, 1861. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 agree to it. 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 do not object to that. 
Mr. HALE. I propose, then, to insert after 
the words " 1860," the words " to the 1st of July, 
1861." 
Mr. LATHAM. The objection 1 made does 
not go to the merits of the amendment, either as 
to the sum or the contract. 
I have no objection 
whatever to them. I think, W'ith the Senator from 
Virginia, they are perföctly correct. 
If the De- 
partinent has made this contract with Mr. Van- 
derbilt, of course it vv'ill settle with him; but I do 
not think it is proper for Congress to recognize 
the peculiar services rendered by this gentleman, 
by naming him in this amendment. 
I think the 
persons ought to be left in blank; and the Depart- 
inent itself can pay those who have actually ren- 
dered the service. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques- 
tion will be on the amendmcntoffered by the Sen- 
atop from California to the amendment of the 
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. 
Mr. LATHAM. It is to strike out the name 
simply, leaving the appropriation for cari'Ying the 
mails between New York and San Francisco. 
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to suggest to the Sen- 
ator from California, that it is for the benefit of 
his country. We are willing to go as far as we 
know it to be right. What we do know is de- 
rived from the Post Offce Department. They 
make a statement which shows it to bc right to 
pay this sum of money to Mr. Vanderbilt for that 
period, because he did the work at their request, 
upon the hope of getting an appropriation. They 
havc not explained any other contracts that they 
may have, and we do not know how to deal with 
them; and I am opposed to going any further than 
they have recommended. I will vote for the 
amendment as it now is, but if it is altered shall 
not. I am willing to go as far as I understand the 
Department want us to go. I understand that to 
be right. They promised Mr. Vanderbilt, if he 
would take the IMils, that they would recom- 
mend Congress to appropriate the money; and if 
he did the service well, and executed it ata much 
less sum than has heretofore been paid, it seems 
to me we ought to pay him as they reconnnend. 
Mr. POLK. As I understand the amendment 
offered by the Senator from California, [Mr. 
LATHAM,] it is altogether in accordance with the 
views of the Senator from Virginia, as hc now 
express6s them: that is, the Senator froin Cali- 
fornia desires that the whole service shall be paid 
for, to meet the amount specified in thc amend- 
ment offered by thc chairman of the Committec 
on the Post Office and Post Roads, [Mr. 
whereas, if I understand correctly,' the Sen- 
ator from Virginia opposes the amendment, so 
that the sum shall go to Vanderbilt alone, when 
there may be others who are equally entitled 
with Vanderbilt to receive the money; and we 
may have -reclamation from them, and claims 
presented from others for the service they may 
have rendered. shall vote for the amendment 
offered by the Senator from California, because I 
am willing to appropriate this an-wunt for all the 
service rendered; but I am not willing it shall 
go to Mr. Vanderbilt alone and afterwards that 
other persons shall come forward, who may bc 
equally meritorious, and as much entitled to com- 
pcnsation as Mr. Vanderbilt is, and make claims 
In addition to what we now' vote. Thercforc, act- 
inm on the same reason—at least.,as I understand 
the reason presented by the Senator from Vir- 
ginia—l shall vote for the amendment offered by 
the Senator from California, although the Sena- 
tor from Virginia will oppose it. 
It seems to me 
that t,ve leave ourselves, by the amendment offered 
by the Senator from California, in a condition in 
which we pay for the service rendered, without 
any opportunity to be subjected to reclamation 
hereafter against us for the same service. 
Mr. HUNTER. There is misunderstanding, 
either on my part or on that of the Senator from 
Missouri. It may be that am mistaken. I should 
gentleman comin(.r to talk with me while it was 
being read, and I did not hear it all. 
II iVir. GWIN. If the Senator \vill permit me, 
it is said expressly there that. the contract was 
made with Mr. Vanderbilt. 
Mr. HUNTER. so 1 understood. 
Mr. G WIN. That is my only objection to the 
amendment of my colleague. The Department 
have informed us that they contracted with Mr. 
Vanderbilt for the entire service. 
If they have 
led us into a mistake about it, it is not our fault. 
Mr. LATHAM. Conceding what gentlemen 
say to be true, and they may be right about it— 
I cannot gainsay it—if the amendment is adopted, 
as I want it to be, the money goes, of course, to 
i this gentleman, if it turns out that the contract 
has becn made with him. Now, I know it as a 
a fact, that it is utterly impossiblc for Mr. Van- 
derbilt to carry the mail from San Francisco to 
New York. His line only extends from New 
York to Aspinwall. 
I know, further—I have not 
got the documents showing it in my possession 
now, but I can have them -durino• the day—that 
the mail on t.he other side during t le whole of the 
time for which payment is to bc made, ',vas car- 
ried steamships belonging to the Pacific Mail 
Steamship Company, and could only get across 
the Istlnnus by being carried by the Panama Rail- 
road Company. I propose to strike out his namc, 
and leave the amendment so that the Department 
itself can adjudicate this matter. 
If he alone has 
made a contract, the Department will pay him. 
But as it is now, whether he has performed the 
service or not, whether there is a contract with 
others or not, the atnount of money has to go into 
his hands; and if other persons have performed 
the service, if the Pacific Mail Steamship Com- 
pany and the Panama Railroad Company have 
performed the service, they may havo a claim 
against the Government, or they may be com- 
pellcd to proceed against Mr. Vanderbilt to get 
their proportion of it. 
As I said at first, I do not think Mr. Vander- 
bilt ought to be dignified by the insertion of his 
name here, as though he were the only man who 
could carry the mail between New York and San 
Francisco. When the Government failed to make 
the appropriation last year to carry this mail, he 
put his foot down, and compelled the Postmaster 
General and the President of the United States to 
come to him and humiliatingly beg of him to carry 
the mail matter. He had a mere link in the chain 
of communication, and thus had the Government 
in his power. 
If he has gone and made this con- 
tract so that he has the whole matterin his power, 
I presume, probably, the Post OMce Department 
and thc Government rnay be compelled to settle 
with him. However that may be, it rnatters not. 
1 know that the Panama Railroad Company and 
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company were will- 
ing to carry the mail without any contract, rely- 
ing solely and alone upon the honor of Congress 
to make an appropriation to pay them. I know 
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, as I said 
before, brought the mail down on the other side 
after the expiration of the old contract, and at 
Panama it lay over, and Mr. Vanderbilt refused 
to bring it on this side to New York. Now, you 
propose to dignify him, and appropriate all this 
sum of money to him, as though he was the only 
man who rendered servicc to my State or to the 
country. I protest against it. 
I say that no in- 
justice is done to him by my amendment; but if 
the contract was made with him, I presume the 
Department will settle with him. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 would suggest to the Sen- 
ator from California, that I think hc made a mis- 
take in the eunendment. The $350,000, according 
to the estimate of the Postmaster General, included 
$100,000 to the Panama company, and $250,000 
is for Mr. Vandcrbilt. Hc gets at the rate of 
$250,000 a year. The #100,000 gocs to the Pan- 
ama company, by agreement. are not asked 
to appropriate for that. 
It is paid under the old 
law, as I understand the letter. 
Mr. LATHAM. 'Chat shows exactly what I 
have been arguing, that the only thing proper for 
Congress 10 do is to appropriate so much money 
for carrying the mail between the two points, and 
let the Department adjudicate to whom it shall go. 
Mr. POLK. 1 ask the Senator from Califor- 
I nia, who offers this amendment, whether the 
amount mentioned in his amendment covers the, 
whole claim for carrying the mail betwixt New 
York and San Francisco, or whether. it is only 
such amount as Mr. Vanderbilt claims 'to % be 
entitled to? 
Mr. G WIN. I have but lately taken charge, 
of the Post Office Committee, on account of the 
former chairman of the committee having ceased 
to act; and therefore I am not fully informed-a's 
to all these details. 
I just stepped in as the esti- 
mate was handed to me from the Finance Com- 
mittee. I have no objection to the amendment of 
my colleague. Perhaps it is better to havo it in 
that way. There may be some diffculty in this 
matter, unless we put it in that shape. For iri* 
stance, the Senator from Virginia makes a sug- 
gestion in regard to the $100,000 to the Panama 
Railroad Company. I think the amendment of 
my colleague had better be adopted. The item 
was sent to me in the form in which I offered it; 
but I accept thc modification—that is, to pay the 
leave out all names. 
Mr. POLK. What I want to get at is one 
other fact, which will ask the Senator from Cal- 
ifornia; and that is, whether the $350,000 covers 
the whole. 
Mr. G WIN. Yes, that is all we appropriate. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 understand the $350,000 
covers $100,000 to the Panama company and 
$250,000 to Mr. Vanderbilt. That is the sum 
stated in the letter. 
Mr. POLK. Then, of course, Mr. Vander- 
bilt's name ought not to be there. 
The amendment of Mr. LATHAM to the amend- 
ment was agreed to; and the question recurred 
upon the amendment, as amended. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 desire the amendment 
as amended to be read. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
For carrying the mails from New York, -via Panama, -to 
San Francisco, three times a •nonth, from the 1st of July, 
1860, at the rate of $350,000 per annum, from which sum 
shall be deducted the amount received for postages on said 
route, and the Postmaster General is hereby authorized, to 
contract for carrying the mails in the manner. aforesaid 
until the 30th of June next, at the same rate of compensa- 
tion, and so much money is hereby appropriatcd out of the 
Treasury of the United States as may be necessary to carry 
out the said contract. 
Mr. HALE. There was an amendment which 
I proposed, and which was assented to by the 
mover. 
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir; 1 agrce to that, and it 
ought to be inserted. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
ment of' the Senator from New Hampshire is to 
insert after the words 
the 1st of July, 1860," 
to the 1st of July, 1861." 
Mr. HALE. That is it. 
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am instructed 
by the Committee on Public Lands to offer the 
following amendment: 
&c., in the, land office at Kickapoo, Kansas, $12,857 92, in 
accordance with section seven o? the aetmaki-ng appropri- 
ations for the civil expenses of the Government, approved 
August 18, 1856. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended , 
and the amendments made asin Committee of the 
Whole concurred in, and ordered to be engrossed ; 
and the bill was ordered to be read a third time. 
It-was read the third time, and passed. 
MESSAGE FROM IIOUSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. HAYS, Chief Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed the following bill and joint 
resolution; in which the concurrence of the Sen- 
ate was requcstcd: 
A bill (No. 341) for the relief of Moses Meeker; 
and 
A joint resolution (No. 62) for the benefit of 
George H. Giddings. 
The message further announced that the House 
had ordered this day the print.ing of the following 
documents: 
Letter from the Secretary of War ad interimj 
transmitting an additional estimate for expenses 
in the suppression of Indian hostilities in New 
Mexico—ordered at twelve o'clock and five min- 
utes. 
Letter from the Secretary of War ad interim, 
transmitting a statement of appropriations appli- 
cable to the service the of War Department for the 
