430 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 17, 
territorial Governors, and to pay the other ex- 
penses growing out of the government instituted 
m the Territories. That does not reach the ques- 
tion whether your military power is any greater 
in a Territory than it is in a State; it does not 
reach the question whether your commercial po wer 
is any larger in a Territory than it is in a State, 
or whether your postal power is any larger in a 
Territory than in a State. Whatever you do in 
a Territory you do under the power to admit new,' 
States, and as incidental to it. The other clause, 
which has been so often quoted, that Congress 
may make all needful rules and regulations con- 
cerning the territory or other property belonginff 
to the United States applies to States as well as 
It is under that clause that vou 
to Territories, 
sell your public lands, not only in Kansas, blit in 
Illinois; not only in New Mexico, but in Louis- 
iana. The military power applies to States and 
Territories alike; the commercial power applies 
to States and Territories alike; the Post Ofiice 
power applies to all alike; and so does each other 
dclcgatcd power in the Constitution, if you ex- 
cept the one for the admission of new States; and 
that of course is to be exercised upon t.he partic- 
ular locality where the new State is situated. 
Hence, I think the Senator from Louisiana has 
failed in his attempt to show that you have any 
more power to make a road in a rrerritory than 
you have in a State. Where do you get it? 
Where does he get the right Lo make military 
road anywhere, unless it is under the war power? 
If hc gets it under the war power, it applies to 
Territories as well as to States. The war power 
applies everywhere within the dominion of Amcr- 
ica; and I do not see on what rule or construction 
he is going to get any larger powers to bc excr- 
cised by the Federal Government in a 'I'et•ritory 
than he finds in a State, unless he can point me 
to the clause of the Constitution contu•ring those 
er)larged powers. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator 
mc a word? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 have either 
stood him, or he has misunderstood me. I cer- 
tainly did not say, or did not intend to argue, that 
Congress had any larger powers in the '['crrito- 
rics than in the Statcs in relati01'1 to military affairs 
and commercial regulations; because, in those mat- 
ters, the States have expressly delegated power 
to Congress in the States; but I had understood 
the Senator to say, in his first remarks, that there 
was no difference between the powers of Con- 
gress in the Terri tories nnd in the States, not, con- 
fining il to tbc question of those powers expressly 
delegated. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. On the contrary, I said, so 
far as the delegated powers in the Constitution 
were cotuyn•ned, tbcy applied to Territories as 
well as to States, because they are general, will)- 
out any exception of locality. alluded to tl'lem, 
and recited them. The power to raise, revenue 
applies to States and Territories alike. The power 
to coin money applies everywhere within our ju- 
risdiction. So of the power to establish rules of 
naturalization; to provide punishment for coun- 
terfeiting the coin of the United States; to pro- 
mote the useful arts and sciences; to constitute 
tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court; to pun- 
ish piracies and other felonies. So of thc power 
to declare war; to raise and support arrmes•, to 
maintain navies; and so of each one of the del- 
egated powers. They are all general, and apply 
everywhere within the United States of America, 
whether in States or Territories or the District of 
Columbia. 
I want the Senator to show wherein 
hc gets greater power in a Te.rritory than in a 
State, and that, too, with reförence to the making 
ofa road. 
The Senator from Louisiana admits our power 
under the Constitution to make a railroad through 
the rrerritories; but hc denies the existence of that 
power in a State. Now, where does he get the 
power to make a railroad in a Territory? That 
he admits, but where does hc get it? He must 
get it under the war power, or under the com- 
mercial power, or under the postal power, or 
him to make. one in a State. The grant, as I have 
heretofore said, applies everywhcrc throughout 
I deny 
America, in States and Territories alike. 
that this Federal Government can exercise any 
powers in the Territories, except those contained 
m the grants of the Constitution. The only one 
of those grants which authorizes Congress to do 
things in a Territory that it cannot do in a State, 
is the one that provides for the admission of new 
States, and certainly he is not going to make a 
railroad under the authority to admit new States. 
I then subrnit that we htive to assume that this 
railroad is necessary to the public defense, •or to 
the execution of some one of the delegated powers 
in thie Constitution, or otherwise we have no right 
to make it. And here may be permitted to re- 
mind the Senator from Louisiana, that this is not 
a bill to make a Pacific railway. The bill does 
nöl propose to appropriate money to make a road. 
It is a bill to authorrze contracts to be madc for 
the transportation of troops, rnunitions of war, 
Navy supplies, and mail matter of the Govern- 
I suppose we havo a right to contract for 
t. 
the transportation of munitions of war as well in 
a State as in Territory. It often happens that 
when we make a contract for Government trans- 
portation, we require the mode of conveyance to 
be specified in the contract. From the very be- 
ginning of this Government, it was our custom, 
when we had no railroads, no steamboats, to 
make a contract for the transportation ofthc mails, 
specifying that they should be carried in four- 
horse post-coaches, with certain description of 
boot for protection. Nobody denied that we had 
a right to mukc a contract for the transportation 
of the mail from Richmond to Washington city, 
through the State of Virginia, requiring the con- 
tractor to perföPEn the service with four-horse 
coaches, and to furnish his own coaches and his 
own horses. So we make a contract for the trans- 
portution of the Inuils from Mobilc Lo New Or- 
leans, or from New York to Panama, and thence 
to San Francisco, by steamers built in a particular 
form and of a particular model, and of a certain 
amount of tonnage, for which we pay so nuic,ll. 
When we make a contract with Mr. Aspinwall, 
or with Mr. Marshall O. Roberts, or Mr. George 
Law, or any other of the steamboat men, we are 
not making a colitract f0r the construction of 
but making a contract for the transport- 
ation of the mails by steamers of a particular 
model, and the contractor furnishes his own steam- 
ers. So this bill provides for the making of a 
con tract for the transportation of the United States 
mails from the western border of Missouri and 
Texas to the Pacific coast, by railroad, the con- 
tractors furnishing their own road. This is a 
mere contract for transportation; and in the con- 
tract we provide that the transportation shall be 
done in u particular manner, and by particular 
Sind of conveyance. 
'I'llis is nota new principle in our Government. 
I have shown that in the mail service it has ex- 
isted froin the beginning of the Government to 
• this day. In all your contracts for carrying the 
under some one, of the other specific grants of the 
Constitution. Under which one of these grants 
does he obtain the power to Inake a railway in a 
Territory? If he will show me the Frant that 
authorizes him to make a railroad in a rerritory, 
I will show him that that same grant authorizes 
mail by steamers, you have prescribed the model. 
of tlie steamer. Nor is that provision of this bill 
which advances money to enable the contractors 
to make the road, a novel principle in the con- 
tracts of this Government. In your" contracts for 
the transportation of the mails upon the sea, you 
have been in the habit of making appropriations 
in advance to enable the contractors to construct 
the vessels in which the mails are to be carried. 
Here, too, you make your contract for transport- 
ution through a period ofa quarter ofa century ; 
you pay so much for the performance of this 
transportation, and you pay in advance, so as to 
enable the contractor to comply with the contract. 
It involves the same principle that was in the con- 
tract with Mr. Collins for carrying the mails to 
Europe; the same principle that was in the con- 
tract 'evith thc Pacific Steamship Company, owned 
by Aspinwall and his associates; the same prin- 
ciple that was in your Panama railroad contract, 
and in all your steam contracts. 
It involves the 
same principle which has been in every mail con- 
tract, from the beginning of this Government to 
this day, where you specified the kind of vehicle 
in which the mail was to be transported, and 
made an ad vance of means to enable the contractor 
to comply with his contract, by getting his coaches 
or other modes of conveyance. 
I did not intend, sir, to be drawn into the dis- 
cussion of any constitutional question on this bill, 
nor did I intend to discuss the merits of the bill- 
itself. My position in regard to the Pacific rail- 
road question has been known for Inany years. 
Probably no Senator has devoted more time and 
thought and effort to securing a Pacific railroad 
than I have. I was willing to allow others to 
shape this bill, ånd give a silent vote for it; but 
when I found an amendment offered by the Sen- 
ator from Louisiana, so plausible that it might 
gain support, and yet which, if adopted, would 
•destroy the bill itself, and defeat every Pacific 
railroad bill, I felt bound to expose what I thought 
was an error in respect to the powers of thia 
Government. There seems to be a strange im- 
pression abroad that this Government, which has 
but a few specified powers, so far as the States 
are concerned, is omnipotent in the Territories 
of the United States. i deny the omnipotence of 
the Federal power either in States or Territories. 
This Federal Government has those powers, and 
those only, which arc delegated to it in the Con- 
stitution; and I repeat again, that the powers 
delegated apply to the States and Territories alike ; 
and you have no morc right to interfere with the 
domestic concerns of the people, or with their 
roads, or with their local institutions of any kind 
in a Territory than you have in a State, unless you 
can point out the clause of the Constitution which 
confers that power. 
I apprehend that you can 
find no special clause that authorizes you to make 
a railroad in a Territory and denies you power to 
do it in a State of this Union. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely desire to say that 
I refrain from continuing this discussion, because 
I do not wish to appear to defer the passage of this 
bilk by entering on extraneous discussion. At 
tho same time, I must say that I do not agree with 
the Senator from Illinois in what he has just said. 
1 will, however, waive any reply to him. 
Mp. GREEN. When 1 made the suggestion 
to the Senator from Louisiana, it was made to 
apply to California, or to apply to Texas, or any 
other State that may be formed before the bitl 
I I was accurate; nor did 
takes effect. 
l, by that suggestion, intend to express any opin- 
ion on the propriety of the proposition itself. I 
will now, howevcr, say that I consider it very 
proper and very right. When the Senator from 
Illinois says that this principle has been acted upon 
by the Government in making advance payments 
for the construction of steamships of the Collins 
line, the George Law line, and the Aspinwall line, 
he is entirely mistaken. Every advance payment 
made in the case was as an adjunct to t.he Navy, 
and it was in the Navy bill; and I venture the 
assertion within his hearing, that he cannot point 
to a single.stance in which a quarter of a dollar 
has ever been paid to any mail contractor in ad- 
vance to buy coaches or to build steamers, or to 
devise any obher mode of conveyance. He is 
entirely mistaken. At the time the system was 
inaugurated for the construction of mail steamers, 
they were considered a part of the Navy, and 
they were to be inspected by naval offcers and 
commanded by naval officers, and so arranged 
that, on a fesv days' notice, the upper decks could 
be removed and an armanent placed upon them, 
and they be made useful in defense of the coun- 
try as a branch of the naval power; and it was 
With reference to the building up of a Navy, not 
for postal service, that any advance was ever 
made. He has forgotten the whole history of the 
transaction. He has forgotten how it was Inaugu- 
rated on the application of Mr. Thomas Butler 
King. On his sug&estion, it was first inaugurated 
as a branch of the Navy, and not as a means for 
the transportation of the mails; and there has not 
been, from 1789 down to the year 1861, this pres- 
ent speaking, a case where one single dollar has 
ever been advanced to a mail contractor under 
any circumstances as such. The duty of carry- 
ing the mail has been recognized, and cornpensa- 
tion provided when they did carry it: that has 
followed, and that has been the consequence. 
This case is of a peculiar character; and I jus- 
tify a vote for the railroad upon the principle that 
it IS necessary for the public defense. Just to the 
extent, therefore, that It is necessary, I am justi- 
fied; and where that necessity stops, I am not jus- 
tified. If a proposition were made to construct a 
road from the city of Washington to the city of 
San Francisco, I could not vote for it. Why? The 
necessity does not exist for a large portion of the 
