1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
+431 
distance; and the necessity must exist or my right said property shall not be taxed except as Con- 
to vote for itdoes not exist. How far, then, does gress permits; he has said the property ofa non- 
that necessity exist? Not so far as the convenience resident shall not be taxed more than that of a 
might exist; for the convenience would exist from II rosident; he has said they shall pass no law incor- 
the city of Washington to San Francisco, and all porating a bank. Can he say that to the States; 
over the Union; but how far does the necessity i does he say it to a State? Would any man rise in 
exist? Just over that space, where, in all hunntn 
the Senate and utter a sentiment like that in the 
Senate Chamber, that we can command a State 
probability, without our aid, it will not be made. 
How far is that? Frorn.the confines of one State 
in that manner? And why not? If the power of 
Congress is the same in a State and in a Terri- 
to the confines of the other; from the twenty-fifth 
parallel of longitude west from Washington, 
tory, we can put these prohibitions and these in- 
which is the proposed western boundary of Kan- 
hibitions upon States as well as upon Territo- 
sas, to the eastern boundary of California. Why? 
ries. But experience, common- sense, the nature 
if our Government, demonstrate that this notion 
Where there is good land, where there are settle- 
ments,grants of land will construct the road; and 
is all wr01V. 
When we acquire territory, if 
we know it, for they have done it in every other 
it be acquired in a constitutional way, and it 
Stale up to the limns of' those two States. 
As 
is constitutional either b' purchase, or treaty, or 
there are no means of construction from the limits 
by conquest, it results from the necessity of the 
of the one to the limits of the other, and there is 
casc that we can take care of it; and what is tak- 
a necessity for havin«r the road, there is a neces- 
t ing care of it? If we allow people to sctt\c upon 
I it and survey the lands, we can give them an or- 
sity for our action. Within the limits where it 
will be made without our aid, the necessity does 
ganizution if we choosc. We may vest the gov- 
not exist; and none of us are justified, according 
crning power in a judge, in a Governor, In a 
to my conception, in voting for it; and there is 
Council, or in Legislative Assembly. We can 
the distinction that make. 
prescribe their powers. We cannot give them 
These collateral brailches of argument into 
unlimited power; and the idea of the Senator from 
which the Senator fron-l Illinois has run, I shall 
Illinois, that he who claims right to take care 
not notice. When hc undertakes to say that the 
of and control Territory is advocating unlim- 
Federal Government has as much in the 
ited power over a Territory, another o•ricvous 
States as it has in the Territories, he is entirely at 
error. Nobody contends for that. I will venture 
fault. This Constitution, with its provisions, wag 
the assertion, that there is not a man, woman, 
never made by a Territory, never assented to by 
or child in the United States that ever uttered the 
a 'Territory. It is a Constitution between sover- 
sentiment. 
If it was ever uttered by anybody, 
eign States, each one being a unit. The Territory 
it was by a giant. Then why refor to it! W c 
is no party to the Constitution at all; 
it is outside, 
all contend that the Federal Government is u lim- 
so far as the guarantees are concerned. How, then, 
ited authority. 'We have disputed as to the ex- 
does Congress govern the Territoriet? Not be- 
tent of the limitations, as to the extent of the 
cause the Territories are parties to the Constitu- 
authority, how far it did extend, the boundary 
tion; not because they have assented to the Con- 
line between the limitations and the authority; 
stitu tion; not because they have entered the Union; 
and in all governments there frequently arise dis- 
for the Territories are not in the Union. What, 
I puted questions on points like these. 
It is very 
then, is the Territory ? It is property belonging to 
easy to take an extreme case, and say this is 
the Union. Where is your power to govern it? 
. outside of the authority;" and it is very easy 
It results from your right to acquire; and thig 
to take another extreme case and say " this is 
within the limits of the authority;" but as you 
miserable idea, that your power in the Territory 
results from the fact that you have the right to 
approximate and come up to the boundary Ime, 
admit States, is, to me, the most extraordinary 
honest men, true patriots, distinguished men, frc- 
that ever .1 heard uttered. I know the Supretne 
quently differ. So that differei')cc sprang up on 
Court, in one case, gave a little countenance to it; 
the slave question; but shall not refer to that, 
I know that distinguished men have predicated 
because it is not pertinent to this bill. 
I am only 
their whole political action upon it; but there is 
showing that the power to o•overn Territory 
no truth in it. The power to admit a State does 
results alonc from the fact that we have the right 
not include the power to create a State. Every 
to acquire; and the duty necessarily and inevita- 
State that comes• into this Union forms herself 
bly follows from the right to acquire. 
It is in- 
into a sovereignty, and there can be no sover- 
cluded in 
the right to acquire; but yet all the 
eignty without that self-action. 
If a State were 
prohibitions of lhc Constitution apply, and why ? 
created by another power, she would not be sov- 
Because, being acquired, this Government bc- 
erei'-rn. Sovereignty results from self-action. If 
councs the possessor, thc owner, and the sover- 
any State, therefore, ever is created, it is by self- 
ci'rn ; the stamp of its charactcrmust bc observed 
action. Others assent to it; others agree to it; 
over the whole of its dominions; it must obser c 
others acquiesce in it; others acknowledge it; but it 
every principle and precept there which ma 
its individuality as a Government; and hence it 
is always self-action, else it is no sovereignty. So 
States created themsclves, and the power of Con-• 
can do nothing conflicting with the rights of any 
State, as in a Confcdcration of States all the Statcs 
gress to admit them is just clearly this: you can 
open the doors ofthe Union to letanother siSter in; 
must be protected alike, all thc Statos must have 
that is au. You cannot create; you cannot takc in- 
opportunities alike; and so you will observe, 
cipient steps of creation. What, then, can you do 
when you examine this question, there is not a 
in a Territory? It is no party to the Constitution; 
particle of difficulty aboul it. 
it has never assented to the Constitution; but it is 
Mr. President, I shall not run off into that sub- 
property belonging to the United States. It is ac- 
jcct. i come back to the beginning. We are anx- 
quired in a constitutional way by treaty, by pur- 
ious for the construction of a road where the in- 
chase, or by conquest. The righttoacquire of itself 
terests of the Government demand it, and m.ve feel 
necessarily includes the power to govern and take 
justified in extending to it this proposed aid where 
careof. In what manner? In no manner conflicting 
it is necessary. In every State susceptible of set- 
with the general principles delegated to the Fed- 
tlement, the grant of alternate sections of land has 
eralGovernmcnt. You cannot have an established 
evcry case insured the completion of the road. 
religion there. Why? Because that power is pro- 
E It will be made as quickly, as succcssfully, and 
hi bited by the Federal Go vernznent; it is conflicting 
as usefully, with a grant of land in the States, us 
it will through the Territories with a grant of 
with the principles of the Federal Government. 
You cannot establish a nobility there. Why ? 
money. I propose to givc it. 
It is suggested to 
me that we have not given the lands to California. 
Because that is inconsistent with the principles of 
the Federal Government. Put whatever is con- 
Yes; we give thein SIX sections to the mile. 
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator will allow me 
sistent with the general tenor of the Federal Gov- 
to interrupt him. want to suggest that the very 
ernment, that Government can enforce and carry 
necessity upon which he justifiés the building of 
out, and no other power can do it but the Federal 
a railroad to the border o? California wili compel 
If a territorial 
Government, except by consent. 
the Government to extend it to the Pacific. If it 
or•anization is o•iven, look at the nonsense of say- 
. is essential for military purposes at all, it is essen- 
ing, " we have no power there, and yct we will 
tial that it shall bc built by the Government to 
charter you." Look at the absurdity of the idea, 
where it will reach that portion of thc State which 
we have no power to control you; Lut.we say 
you shall not control yourselves exceptsub onodo;" 'l will need the means of defense, or where it will 
syive the facilities in time. of war which have been 
for in every bill reported, advocated, and sustained 
dwelt on by the Senator. He says he proposes 
by that honorable Senator, he has put in prohibi- 
giving to the State 
He has 
tions upon the Territorial Legislature. 
Mr. GREEN. that -the Senatof should 
reply to me after I am through. I thought?he 
was only going to-ask me-a question or makesdn- 
explanation. 
Mr. LATHAM. I want. to call your attention 
to a fact; that is all. He says he propöses*-to 
give the State of' California lands to build {this 
road. He forgets that nearly the lands that 
lie along the line of either of these 
ably with the exception of u portion of the south- 
ern route, are mineral' lands. 
It is 
barren grant; for those lands are expressly re- 
served by the terms of the bill. 
Mr. GREEN. So far as that is concerned, my 
recollection of the bill is that it gives six sections 
a mile, from the time that the road strikes the 
line of California until it reaches San Francisco. 
Mr. LATHAM. Excepting mineral lands. 
Mr. GREEN. And wherever mineral lands 
are selected out, others equivalent 'to them may 
be taken. 
Mr. LATHAM. Within a certain distaiee, 
Mr. GREEN. And that distance comprehends 
enough to cover the whole; so •that they will get 
the lands anyhow. They are allowed to select 
other lands within fifteen miles. 
Mr. LATHAM. You might go fifty miles, 
and still find all mineral land. 
Mr. GREEN. The southern road will, 1 sup- 
pose, cross the Colorado a little above Fort Yuma, 
and run some four hundred miles, to San Fran- 
cisco. 
Mr. LATHAM. Then r will state to the 
atop, so far as that Jine is concerned, it goes 
through the Colorado desert. 
Mr. GREEN. well, sir, if one road strikes,a 
desert and the other road goes through all min- 
era! lands, let us strike the land grant -oat alto- 
gether. Will the Senator accept that? If the 
land grant is worth nothing, why not strike it out ? 
Sir, the fact is, that this land grant is as good in 
California as it has ever been In any other State. 
Look at your rich ranches, producing sixty bush- 
els of wheat to the acre; your immense herds, 
fattened by nature's productions, without any 
care except the he•rdsmen. All this is done in 
California on such lands as the Senator now calls 
waste. 
Mr. LATHAM. I tell the gentleman that all 
those lands are claimed under Spanish grants; 
they are occupied already, and are reserved from 
the rovisions of this bill. 
IVI•. GREEN. Then 1 suggest again, let the 
Senator strike the land grant out. If the lands are 
ull gone, what do you put it in there for? 
Mr. LA'I'EIAM. Because we expect to build 
the road by the money the bill gives. 
Mr. GREEN. Then strike out the land grant, 
and I wilt say no more about it. They expect to 
make it by the money, do they? San Diego is 
nearly opposite Fort Yuma, the point where tho 
son thern road will cross the Colorado. Why do 
you run parallel with the Pacific ocean not fifteen 
miles from it, for four hundred miles, to get to San 
Francisco? Military defense? It is a matter of 
convenience, I admit; but is it necessary; is it so 
indispensable a.s to justify us in taking money out 
of tbe Treasury? Now, take the central route: 
suppose it strikes Carson Valley, of which the 
Senator from Louisiana has spoken. You say it 
will never be made, We will make it across 
there. He says he can go in forty-eight hours 
from there to San Francisco. Now, is there any 
great necessity for spending #60,000,000, when 
there is a good graded road where natural facil- 
ities are offered, and when the people of Cali- 
fornia, if they are as energetic and enterprising as 
take them to be, will make the road before we 
get it in the Washoe mines? Does that degree of 
necessity exist which will justify us in appropri- 
ating money out of the Treasury? I want to fa- 
cilitate the road; but I want to keep within what 
I consider to be the pale of the Constitution. I 
wish to aid it in every possible way. I intend to 
support it as far as I possibly can; but while the 
military power of the Government is alike over 
all the States and Territories, the necessity- does 
not exist alike over all the States and all the Ter- 
ritories. eCongrcss has never undertaken -to make 
but one single road in a State, that was the 
national road; and that was predicated upon the 
idea that it would promote and facilitate immigra- 
tion, and settle up the public lands, bring them 
into market, and replenish the public "I'reasury. 
