432 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 17. 
Mr. PUGH. The Senator will recollect that 
road was not made from public money. It was 
made with money that was obtained by a stipu- 
lation with the new States that they should not 
tax the land of the Government in the hands of 
pu rchasers. 
Mr. GREEN. - A portion of it was; but not 
all. Through Maryland none of that applies. 
Myfriend from Ohio is mistaken in that. Through 
Virginia none of it applies; but through Ohio and 
Indiana it does apply; and he is correct. 
Mr. PUGH. My friend is mistaken. It was 
supported in the ease of Ohio and other new 
States on tho ground that a certain proportion of 
the proceeds of the lands sold within her limits 
should be applied in Virginia and Maryland to 
make the road to Ohio. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 am aware of that. They did 
not confine themselves to that. They made other 
large appropriations out of the Treasury gener- 
Mr. PUGH. They were vetoed. 
Mr. GREEN. They were subsequently passed; 
and it was, in fact, done just as I have stated, 
until the Government got tired of the concern, 
threw it up, and surrendered it to the States. 
the Territories we have made many roads. I think 
we made one in Florida. I think we are making 
one now in New Mexico. W c made one across 
the South Pass. I think we are making one west 
of Minnesota. We have made a number in the 
It is a common thing. And why ? 
Territories. 
Because those Territories are subject to the juns- 
diction and control of the Federal authority, and 
nobody else. W c therefore seek to protect them, 
and promote settlement, and devise means of com- 
munication; and we make roads, build bridges, 
build court-houses, build State-houses, none of 
which things we dare undertake to do in the 
States. 
Mr. PUGH. Ido not propose to encracyc ill this 
at least. The Senator from 
debate at any lengtl-) , 
Louisiana anticipated me in omn•ing this arnend- 
I anticipated him with a like mnendment 
ment. 
some years acro. There is not a shred of novelty 
It. was debated by the ablest 
in this question. 
men the country has seen fin• thirty years. Mr. 
Jemn•son's influence wras strong enough 
his presidential term to prevent any bill of this 
character for internal irnprovements within a State 
being passed. 'l"hey were passed in Mr. Madi- 
son 'B time, and he vetoed them. 'They werc 
passed in Monroe's tin-it' , und he vetoed then-n. 
They were passed again in the time of John Quincy 
Adams. They were attempted•in the tirne of An- 
drew Jackson, and he vetoed them; and Jackson 's 
veto message of the Maysville road has been a 
part of the platform of the Democratic party from 
that day to this. Now, sir, two years ago I road 
a sentence from that veto, in whLYh General Jack- 
son recited the substance of Mr. Madison 's veto: 
Regarding the bill as asserting a power in the Federal 
Governnnent to construct roads and canals within the li.nits 
ef a State in which they were n:ade, he [Mr. ob- 
jected to its passage on' the ground of its unconstitution- 
ality, declaring that the assent ot- respective States. in 
the mode provided by the bills, could not contor the power 
in question." 
Now, it is not even pretended we have the 
consent of California, nor the consent of Texas; 
but, in the case of the Maysville road, it •was pro- 
posed that Kentucky should consent: 
That the only cases in which the consent and cession 
o!' particular States can extend the power ot• Congress, are 
those specified and provided for in the Constitution ; and 
superadding to these avowals his opinion. that a restriction 
or thc power to provide for the conunon defense and gene- 
ral welthrc' to cases which are to be provided tbr by tbc 
expenditure of money, would still leave within the legis- 
lative power ot• Congress all the great and rnost ilnportant 
measures Govenunent, rnoncy beinrr the ordinary and 
necessary means of earrying them into execution." 
Now, gays General Jackson: 
".1 have not been able to consider these declarations in 
any other point 01' view t.han as a conce*sion that the right 
of appropriation is not limited by the power to carry into 
effect the rncasurc for which thc money is asked, as was 
fonnerly contended." 
i regard that ns a conclusive answer to the 
whole argument made by the Senator from Illi- 
nois. He may succeed in provinø possibly that 
it is unconstitutional to make this road in Ter- 
ritory; but he has certainly failed to prove that it 
is constitutional wfthin the States. If the amend- 
ment of the Senator from Louisiana be voted 
down, I shall not rnerely vote for the amendment 
of Ale Senator from Ch'(.bgon, but I shall vote to 
extend it into the State of Missouri. Let us bring 
it to the city of St. Louis. Where is the argu- 
ment for making a road in the State of California 
that is not good in the State of Missouri? If she 
cannot make the road from her border to the city 
of San Francisco, why not assist Missouri to 
make it from the western border of Missouri to 
the city of St. Louis? Why not assist Iowa to 
make it through her limits, and through the limits 
of Illinois, until you reach the city of Chicago ? 
Or, if necessary, why not make it to the city of 
Washington ? 
Oh, gentlemen* say, the road cannot be made. 
If it cannot be made according to the Constitution, 
If it be of the high and 
let it never be made. 
mighty importance that you say, amend the Con- 
stitution so as to have the power to make it. Do 
not attempt, under thc argument of necessity, to 
put down not merely all the safeguards of power, 
and all the rights of the States, but to overrule 
what I said was Democratic doctrine, contended 
for by the fathers for thirty years, and supposed 
to have becn settled for thirty years more. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only a word to say, 
in reply to my friend from Ohio. I think he will 
find it very diffcult to prove that there is anything 
in this bill departing from the doctrine of our 
fathers, and especially from the doctrine of any 
of General Jackson's veto messages. As I have 
before said, this bill is not a measure to make a 
road. It is a contract for transportation with par- 
ties who will carry the Government supplies, 
mails, and munitions of war, by railroad. It is 
merely a contract for transportation, not for con- 
struction. Certainly hc will not deny that the 
right of transportation exists in States as well as 
in Territories. 
It is true, it will be necessary for 
the contractors to make the road before they can 
carry the mails and Army supplies upon it, just 
as it is necessary for a contractor to build steam- 
boat before he can carry those supplies by boat; 
just as it is necessary for a mail contractor to 
make his coach before he can transport the maiks. 
in four-horse post coaches; and yct the contract 
is transportation, and not for the construction 
of a. work. 
the objection to making internal im- 
provcrnents within the States by the Federal Gov- 
ernment has been that the right to construct and 
to use il carried with it the right of exercisino• 
jurisdicti()!) over it, and thereby excluded the juris- 
diction of the State by assumino• it in the hands 
of the Federal Governmenl. 'I'here is nothing of 
that kind in this bill. The jurisdiction remains 
under the local authority. 'T hc road, when made, 
is under the local law, and local authority. It is 
managed under local law and localauthority. The 
only authority the Government holds over it is 
in regard to transportation. Hence it does not 
violate any one principle laid down irf the most 
angent veto message that General Jackson ever 
maule upon the subject of internal irnprovements. 
I have had occasion to say, in former times, that 
I indorsed cvcry one of the limitations that Gen- 
oral Jackson imposed upon the power of Congress 
over internal improvmuonts. 
If 1 were to make, 
a disscntin«r opinion from those of that great pa- 
triot, it would be that he carried the doctrine of 
the Federal Govern ment over making internal im- 
provemcnts to a greater extent than I should be 
wiliing to vote. 
Ele did not carry his restrictions 
and limitations on the power far•cnough. 
But gentlemel'l arc arguing here twainst the 
right of making the road within a State. 
I ask 
them to show first, what power there is in a 
Teu•ritory that docs not exist in a State, so far as 
this bill is concerned? I have not heard anv one 
answer that proposition. YVil] gentlemen tell me 
—they all concede the power in the Territory— i 
under what clause in the Constitution they get 
that principle? If they tell me, under the military 
power, then that applies to the States as well as 
to the Territories. If they tell me, under the post 
showing what the doctrine of the fathers: was, and 
wherein this departure takes place. 
But my friend from Ohio said he was going to 
propose to extend this contract through Missouri, 
through Illinois, and through the other States, if 
we allow it to go into California. Well, sir, if 
there is the same necessity in Missouri and Illi- 
nois and the other States that there is in Cali- 
fornia, I will vote for his proposition. If there is 
astern necessity from the Missouri river to the 
Pacific ocean, and there is no such necessity on 
this side of the Missouri river, I do not see how 
he is going to justify his amendment. Merely 
because you have the pover to do a thing, is no 
reason why you should do it, unless there is a 
necessity for the exercise of the power. We may 
have the power to make contracts to an unlimited 
extent; but it would bea great abuse if we should 
make contracts where there is no necessity, and 
thus squander the public money. We may abuse 
the rightful exercise of power; I am speaking of 
the powers that we legitimately have, properly 
and rightfully executed. Hence, I merely repeat, 
without going into the discussion, that, in my 
opinion, no Senator has shown any authority in 
a Territory, so far as this bill is concerned, that 
does not exist in a State wherever the necessity 
exists. 
I shall not go into the argument of the Senator 
from Missouri, in regard to the powers of a Ter- 
ritorial Legislature on other subjects. 
I discuss 
them when they come properly before us. 
not intend to raise the question how far this Fed- 
eral Government had power over domestic ques- 
tions in a Territory. It is well known that T hold 
the Federal Government has no power in a Ter- 
ritory over a domestic question that it has not in 
a State. That does not shov„r that this Govern- 
ment has power over domestic subjects in the 
States; but, on the contrary, the absence of the 
power in the Territories. 
I shall not go in to that 
question now. It is enough for me in this con- 
nection, first, to show that this is a question ofa 
contract for transportation, and not a question of 
construction of internal improvement; secondly, 
that the right of transportation exists in States 
as well as in Territories, and it ought to be exer- 
cised if necessary; and thirdly, that the. necessity 
docs exist frorn the Missouri river westward, and 
does not exist eastward. 
Mr. PUGH. Senator from Illinois is mis. 
taken in 
his assertion, that the 0101 y question 
relalivc 10 internal improvelnents in the times of 
Madison, Monroe, and Jackson, was in regard to 
the legal jurisdiction within the States. 
it was 
tried in both forms, and in both forms those 
fathers of the Democratic party repudiated it. He 
is mistaken also, in saying that this is any more 
a contract for the transportation of the mails or 
the transportation ofsupplies than the Maysville 
road bill. That proposed that Congress should 
subscribe for a certain amount of stock on condi- 
•tion, I think, that they would curry troops aud 
munitions free forever. That was the best sort of 
If this be a contract for carrying the 
a contract. 
mail, why do you give the alternate sections of 
land within a certain distance? Why give them 
so much per mile of the road ? Why not so much 
per mile for carrying? Every Senator knows that 
this isa mere deceit; that it is a mere pretext; that 
the Government now has its mails carried; that 
the Government now has its troops and ail its 
Inunitions of war transported to the Pacific; that 
we have never had any diffculty on the subject; 
that there is no necessity shown for a perpetual 
appropriation, 
in its character; and 
therefore, with due respect to my friend from Illi- 
nois and my friend from California, nobody is 
deceived by this. It is to build a road, and noth- 
ing else; and as they have no means of paying 
back the moneys which you give, you give them 
to the day of judgment to pay it back in the trans- 
portation of troops and public property; and you 
office power, that applies to the States as well as littvc a mort.'-ra(re on the road which, as rny friend 
from North Carolina has shown, will bc fore- 
the Territories. If they tell tne, under the naval 
power, that applies to the States as well as the 
Territories. Ifit be tho power of commerce, 
that applies to the Tl'erritories and States alike. 
Under which power is it that they are going to 
carry on this transportation in • the Territories? 
Whenever they designate that, I will tell them 
which power enables you to carry it on in the 
It will not do to tell Ine that •wre are de- 
States. 
II parting from the doctrines of the fathers, without 
closed and become duc somewhcrc about the aftcr- 
noon of' the day of judgment. 
Now, wo understand we. are giving this tnoncy 
to the Pacific Railroad. The Senator from Illi- 
nois asks kne whereabouts I find the power in the 
Constitution to build a road in the 'Territories. I 
have not answered the question; and if he presses 
me, I will acknowledge, if it werc a new qnestion 
I would say there is none. But VI-file you may 
