THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISIIDD BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2n SESSION. 
prove to me that it cannot be done in a Territory, 
that does not prove you can do it in a State. As 
far as a State is concerned, I said before, and 
say acrain, that that. question was debated for 
thirty years; and thirty years ago it was settled. 
As to the Territories, the question was not de- 
bated. Still, Congress has gone on many times, 
as the Senator from Missouri truly said, to make 
military roads. 
If you will show me that this 
road is of a military character, so far as it goes 
through the Territories, I may submit to prece- 
dents; and I certainly will submit to them where 
the nature of the soil is such that probably there 
never would be any fixed population. 
have 
not yct said that I believed it was strictly consti- 
tutional to make it through the Territories. On 
the contrary, if it were a new question, 1 should 
stand in very great doubt. On that I submit to 
precedents; but as to the States, I have no doubt. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. one word only. The sen- 
ator now comes to the point; and not being able 
to show any authority in a Territory that does 
hot exist in a State 
Mr. PUGH. I thought the Senator was going 
to show it. He is a supporter of the bill. I staud 
on the defensive. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. What 1 assert, then, is that 
the power adequate to do it in the Territories is 
adequate to do it in the States. No man has been 
able to show the distinction. The proposition of 
the Senator from Louisiana now is to limit this to 
the Territories of the tJnited States; that is, it 
admits the propriety of an appropriation in the 
Territories, and denies it in the States. 
I did not 
on to detnonstrate tll.e necessity of the power 
in the 'Ilerritories, for the reason that it stood con- 
fessed. i went on to show, when confessed in the 
Territories that that carried with it the right in 
the States; and touched only on that point. 
But what I rose, to answer was this: the Sena- 
tor from Ohio says if I. can show the necessity of 
this road for military purposes in tho Territories, 
he will vote for it. Sir, if 1 did not believe it 
was necessary for military purposes, I would hot 
vote for it. 
do not believe you can defend 
thc Pacific coast without this Pacific railroad. 
Whenever you have an Indian war, it costs you 
marc for transportation than it would to make a 
road to transport it on. The few months that you 
were in war with the Mormons cost almost as much 
as it would to make a railroad half that distance. 
Mr. PUGH. How can thc Senator say that? 
W c or)ly appropriated $10,000,000 for that war, 
and hcre is a bill appropriating 
Mt. DOUGLAS. 1 will show how. Here 
is a bili for $96,000,000; but this biti is for two 
railroads clear across to the Pacific. 
Mr. PUGH. It appropriates for 
one, and the rest for the other. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The 
across to the Pacific. Salt Lake is only half way 
on one of the lines, and that half would be the 
chcapest part of the road. The first eight hun- 
dt•cd miles of this road going to Salt Lake can bc 
made very chcap indeed. The expense is on the 
mountainous part beyond. 
But, sir, I did not intend to go int.o that sub- 
ject. The DOint is this: is this road necessary 
It is con venient for corn- 
for nationa defense? 
merce; it is convenient for postal arran(roments; it 
is convenient for other purposes; and hold it 
SATURDAY, JANUARY 19,. 1861. 
railroad. You have got halfa dozen railroads in 
the States now for that purpose. 
It is true they 
ate but a few yards long. Why? Because it IS 
only a few yards from your building-house to 
where you are going to launch your ship; but you 
make it just as far as it is necessary to perform 
, the objeöt required by the Constitution. If we 
were nt war now, and it was necessary to trans- 
port troops over a mountain that was impassable, 
we should have a right to appropriate ten,fifty, 
or a hundred millions to make a road across that 
mountain in order to transport the troops. You 
have got the power to make roads, to make wao•- 
ons, or buy them, or to do any other act neces- 
sary to national defense. 'I'he only question is 
whether it is necessary. I repeat that. it is neces- 
sary from the Missouri river to thc Pacific ocean. 
It is very convenient on this side, but not neces- 
sary to the national defense. 
Mr. G WIN. am very much astonished to 
hear the Senator from Ohio quoting the fathers, 
especiaily the leaders of the Democratic party, 
against the right to construct a military road 
through a State. Why, Mr. President, in Jeffer- 
son's administration they appropriat.cd money 
outofthe Treasury to build military roads through 
the States. 
Mr. PUGH. Where? 
Mr. GWIN. Through Georgia and Tennes- 
see, goingLto Louisiana; and I can give him au- 
thority after authority, and will turn to the very 
line where the very fathers of the Democratic 
party have made such appropriations. 
MP. DOUGLAS. My friend from California 
will allow me to remind hilü that they appro- 
priated for the national road from Cumberland, in 
Maryland, and from Maryland through Virginia, 
through Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. 
Mr. PUGH. I can get the cases and prove that 
the Senators arc mistaken in every one of them. 
Mr. G WIN. There is no mistake in what I 
say. They appropriated money fora road through 
Georgia and Tennessee, and got thc money out 
of the rrrcasury—Mr. Jefferson hi:nself propos- 
ing the law, which passed Congress, and using it 
for a road. I could refer to the laws, if I bad an 
opportunity to do so; and if I had expected a de- 
bate on this subject, I would have had them before 
me. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BIGLER 
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment 
offered by the Senator from Louisiana to the 
tune.udment of the Senator from Oregon. 
Mr. LATIZIIM. the yeas and nays 
on that amendment. 
'l'he yeas dnd nays werc ordered. 
Mr. LANE. Nir. President, shan vote in 
favor of this amendment. I'vfy mind is very clear 
upon this question. 
I am satisfied that Congress 
has no powcr to make ariY system of internal 
improvement within the States. 
I believe it only 
has the power in the 'I'crritorics for necessary 
military purposes, for the defense of tbc country. 
Now I tun anxious for a Pacific railroad. I want 
it to extend through California into Oregon; and 
I am sure it is practicable, if tixc road can be madc 
to the Sacramento ri ecr, to make it on to Portland, 
in Oregon. 
If it is right, if it is necessary for the 
defense of the country, to make the road to the 
Sacramento, then it is necessary to make it into 
Oregon. Millions have been appropriated and 
is essential, expended for the purpose of placing California 
is essential for national defense. 
if we aro to have foreign wars, in order to protect 
in a state of defense. 
Its great harbor, the har- 
It is essential, if wo are to have bor of San Francisco, is nearly as wclk fortified 
the Pacific coast. 
It is an cconomical mode of carry- as any harbor in the United States. Not one 
Indian wars. 
on the Goverj-nnent operations. This is not I dollar has ever been appropriated or laid out for 
only a contract that we have the power to make, 
defense in Oregon. There is not a fortification or 
a singlo work of defense there. Nothing has c ver 
but it is an easy, cheap, and judicious contract fm• 
tho Government, even in a money point of view. 
been done by this Government to place that por- 
One word more, and I arn done. Ido not admit, tion of our country in a state of defense in the 
sir, that we could not even make the road in a l! event of war. The fortificationsat San Francisco 
were not necessary at the' time they were built, 
State if absolutely necessary foc national defense. 
Wherever a fort is necessary, you have the right but they Inay be; and it was right and proper that 
to make it in a State. Wherever a navy-yard is they should be constructed, in order that the Gov- 
ernment rnight be able to defend that entrance 
necessary, you have. a right to make it in a State. 
Wherever a railroad is necessary from your navy- and protect that harbor. 
It is manifest, I think, 
yard to float a ship into the wacer, you make the to everybody, that, Oregon being entirely without I 
28 
NEW SERIES...-..NO. 28, 
defense, and without -any 'fortificåtiöris•,' 
cific raili•oad can be made into California •it ooght 
to extend to Portland; but I do not think thiitr:a 
raiiröad can be built, in.. the condition in 
the country is now. 
am fully With the soundness of-the 
doctrine held bv the Senator from Ohio -and the • 
Senatoi• from Louisiana, upori th'c poweps Of-the 
Government. Still, I am hardly satisfied that this 
work may not be done as necessary for défen"s 
of the country. But, as the Senator frmn Olifo 
says, there is no use in concealing this thing— 
there is no use in whipping around the stump;' the 
object of this bill is to niake a railroad. lidVe 
always been in favor ofa of making 
un appropriation ordonation' of-lands for the pur- 
pose; that had been donein many CaseS; this bould 
bc done now, for the. road within the States an-d 
many in the Territories. To say that we are •n'Qt 
approprialing money for the conStruct.ion of a rail- 
road is to cn'dcavor to deceive ourselves and to 
deceive the country. I do nod like that way of 
dealing. I like to deal plainly, honestly, and truth- 
fully; then why not say that this appropriation 
is for making a railroad? Have we the power to 
do it? The Senator from Illinois says we have. 
The Senator from Ohio and the Senator from 
Louisiana, as well as thc Senator from Missouri, 
think wo have not. I have very great doubt about 
it myself. 
As fully as I am convinced of the necessity of 
doing something -to place Oregon in a state ot• 
deferise, still I am not satisfied _that have the 
power in advance of troubles to do it. 
I would 
do anything and everything that was in my power 
to secure the making of a railroad' to that portion 
of our country. If this amendment shall bc 
adopted to stop the appropriations at thc eastern 
boundary of Califorma, then I-will ask an appro- 
priation of land in alternate sections of sufficient 
value to make the road within California to the 
navigable waters of the Sacramento, and then a 
like appropriation of land to continue the work 
into Oregon. 
Mr. PUGH. I hope my friend does not un- 
der.staad me us opposing the appropriation of 
alternate sections. 
I am willing to give them to 
California, Oregon, or any other State where we 
have public lands. 
Mr. LANE. Then the safest way, ac.cording 
to my judgment, is to ulopt the amendment of 
the Senator from Louisiana, and stop the appro- 
priation of.. money at the eastern border of that 
State, and then provide an apt•oppriation or dona- 
tion of land sufiicient to make the road to San 
Francisco, and to continue it to Portland, in 
Oregon. 
will vote with the Senator for that 
amendment, upon the convicti0E1that we have not 
the power, unless it was in case of War', and he- 
cessary for -thc irnmediate defense of the country, 
to appropriate the money of the. whole people of 
the United Statcs for the purpose of malcing a 
railroad in any State. 
The question being taken by yeas and nays, 
22, nays 29; as fi)llows.• 
Bayard, Benjannin, Bragg, Bri"ht, Cling- 
man, Green, Hunter. Iverson, Johnson ot• 'I'ennessce, Ken- 
nedv, Lane, Mason, Nieho!son, 
Pearce, Polk, Powell, 
iJuFl), Rice, Sauisbury, Sebastian, Slidell, and Trtunbuil 
N AVS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Binghmn, Cam- 
eron, Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Doug. 
{as, Durkee, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster. Gwin, flale, 
King, Latham, Morrill, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten 
Eyck, Wade, Wigfall, 'vVilk-insun, anu Wilson—29. 
So the amendment was rejected. 
Mr. BRAGG. I move that the Senate do now 
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator will give 
way for a moment. 
i desire to have a short 
executive session. 
Mr. BRAGG. 1 withdraw the motion forthat 
ptu•pose. 
EXECUTIVE SESSION. 
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, -the Senate pro- 
cceded to the consideration of executive business; 
and after some time spent thcreiri, the doors were 
reopened, and the Senate adjourned. 
