434 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 17, 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
TAURSDAY, January 17, 186]. 
The Housc met at twelve o'clock, m. 
TheJournal of yesterday Wasread and approved . 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com- 
munication from the War Department, submitting 
an estimate, amounting to $709,435, to cover the 
expenses of Indian hostilities during the current 
year, and recommending an appropriation to that 
amount; which was referred to the Committee of 
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed. 
Also, a communication from the same DepaTt- 
ment, transmitting, in pursuance of the law of 
1820, .the amount of appropriations applicable to 
the service of the War Department for the year 
1859—60; the amount drawn from thie Treasury on 
requisition of the War Departmeilt, during the 
same period; with thc balance carried to the sur- 
plus fund durincr the same year; which was laid 
on thc table, ana ordered to be printed. 
Also, a communication from the same Depart- 
ment, in compliance with the act of 1796, trans- 
mitting a statement of the expenses of the national 
armories, in the manufacture of arms and append- 
ages, for the year ending June 30, 1860; which 
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed. 
Also, a communication from the same Depart- 
ment, transmitting, in compliance with resolu- 
lions of the House of Representatives of January 
29, 1830, and August 30, 1842, two hundred and 
seventy-five copies of the Army RegiSteu• for the 
present year; which was laid on the table, and 
ordered to be printed. 
NEWSPAPERS FOR MEMBERS. 
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. 1 ask the 
consent of the House to offer the reso- 
lution. I will state that the money has been paid, 
and this is necessary for the protection of the 
Resolved, That the mnount for newspapers for men) bers 
and Delegates be the stune this as the last Congress, 
and coutiiue the saine until otherwise ordered. 
Tho resolution was received by unanimous 
consent, and adopted. 
Mr. BURCH. I call for the spccial order of 
business. 
CEORGE 11. GIDDINGS. 
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I ask the unani- 
mous consent of the House to permit rne to re- 
port, from the Committee on the Post Office and 
Post Roads, a joint resolution for the benefit of 
H. Giddings, of Texas. 
'l"he joint resolution was read. 
It provides Cor 
payuncht to George H. Giddings of the amount 
contained in the order of the late Postmaster 
eral Brown, in 1858, for mail services performed 
by him on route 8076, provided that said stun shall 
be received by hirn as payrnent in full of all dc- 
mands against the United States Govcrnunent. 
Mr. '1' HOMAS. l? it is proposed to report 
th is joint resolution for tho purpose of reference, 
I have no objection. 
If otherwise, I must object. 
ADAMS, of Kentucky. 1 desire to to 
the gentleman from trenncssee that this resolution 
is reported unanimously by the Cotnmittee on the 
Post and Post Roads. Such bills have 
passed the House over and over again by a two- 
khirds vote. It is merely to pay to this party what 
is due hirn under his contract. 
I hope the gen- 
tleman vvill not object. 
Mr. THOIMAS. very well; I 
The joint resolution was reported, no ob- 
jection being made, received its several readings, 
and wras passed. 
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, moved to recon- 
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was 
l)assed; and also moved to lay the motion to 
reconsider on the table. 
'The latter motion was agreed to. 
COMMODORE PAULDING. 
Mr. POTTLE. 1 ask the unanimous consent 
of the I-louse to report, from the Committee on 
Naval AfTairs, a joiilt resolution to authorize Com- 
object of the resolution. I think it is to author- 
ize Commodore Paulding to receive a sword ånd 
grant of land for having acted in the capacity of 
a constable in the arrest of Walker. 
Mr. POTTLE. The gentleman has misunder- 
stood the character of the proposition. The ob- 
jcct is to authorize Commodore Paulding to re- 
ceive these grants in consideration of meritorious 
services. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 do notpropose to go into 
a discussion-of the conduct of Comrnodore Paul- 
ding. I am .one of those who condemned the con- 
duct of Commodore Paulding then, and who con- 
demn it now. I object, therefore, to the reception 
of the resolution. 
FRANKLIN TORRY. 
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and 
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 935) for 
the relief of Franklin Torry; when the Speaker 
signed the same. 
UNION DEMONSTRATION. 
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Speaker, 1 ask the 
unanimous consent of the House to present a me- 
morial, signed by twenty-eight hundred citizens 
of my corwressional district, in the counties of 
Hancock, Brooke, Ohio, Marshall, Wetzel, and 
Taylor, in favor of the adjustment of the existin& 
difficulties in regard to slavery in the Union, and 
not out of it. I move that the memorial be laid 
upon the table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
INDIAN HOSTILITIES. 
Mr. BURCH. 
I demand that the House pro- 
ceed to the consideration of the speci41 order for 
this day. 
The SPEAKER. The special for this 
day is lhc consideration of House biH No. 299, 
for the payment of expenses iiicurred in the sup- 
pression of Indian hostilities in the State of Cal- 
if'ornia. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the further 
consideration of' tl'lat special order be postponed 
until Saturday next; and on that I demand 
the previous question. l. want to have the arranøe- 
mcnt entered into for debate in the Committee of 
the Whole on the state of the Union on the A rmy 
bill carried out in good faith. 
I trust that the 
gentlemat) from California will not object to the 
i postponement I suggest. 
IVh•. BURCH. 
am perfectly willing that the 
farther consideration of the special 0i'dek' this 
day shall be postponed, tn•ovided it is the under- 
standing of the House that we shall havo a ses- 
Siou on Saturday next. Otherwise I cannot con- 
sent to it. 
Mr. DAVIDSON. 1 object. 
vate bill day. 
Mr. BURCH. is objection day. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill has been made 
tho sb)ecial order for this day is really a private bill. 
Mr. BURCH. 
I send to the Clerk's table a 
, resolution which I think will cover the case. 
ask that it read. 
r.Phe Clerk read, as follows; 
Resolved, 
'['hat the further consideration of the Fpecial 
ordcr sot down for this day, to wit: 
1 louse No. 290, for 
the pav:uent Ote expenses incurred in tile suppression of In- 
hostilities in the State of California, be postponed 
until, and njade the special order tor, Saturday next, it' the 
House then sh all bc ill session, and if theu for Wed- 
ncs•dav of next week. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Ido to the adop- 
tion of that resolution. 
I call the previous 
question on its adoption. 
"Chc call for the previous question was scc- 
onded, and the main question ordered. 
IV.1r. MAYNARD. 1 ()bject. Monday next is 
set apart for the consideration of the report of the 
select cormnittee of' thirty-three as the special 
order, and that special cn:clcr is to be considered 
until after thc report of the select committee of 
thirty-three has been disposed of. 
Mr. BURCH. I cannot consent to that. 
The question was taken ; and the resolution was 
adopted. 
Mr. MAYNARD. In what manner did 
Chair propound the question on the resolution Oi 
the gentleman from California ? 
I am sure I in.- 
terposed an objection to the introduction of the 
resolution in time. 
The SPEAKER. The resolution was in order•, 
and a single objection could not prevents its intro- 
duction. The bill is the special order for this day, 
and a motion for its postponement is in 
Mr. MAYNARD. The House made the re- 
port of the select committee of thirty-three the 
special order—that is, conditionally—for -vycd- 
nesdtty next. ask the Chair whether there can 
be two special orders for the same day. 
I The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that 
the House may make two special orders •for the 
same day. When the day arrives it will be time 
to determine which takes precedence. 
Mr. BURCH. This California bill takes 
cedence of thc other special orders, for it is the 
special order for this day. I move to reconsidel 
the vote by which the resolution was adopted ; 
and also moved chat the motion to reconsider be 
laid upon the table. 
'The latter motion was agreed to. 
Mr. BURCH. I have another resolution to 
offer in connection with this biH. 
It is nccessary 
that some extra copies of it should be printed. 
There are not enough of them', and I want a copy 
for each member* in order that all may know its 
contents. 
'I'he Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
Resolved, 'Phat three hundred additional copies of House 
bill No. 299, for the payoncnt of expenses incurred in the 
suppression of Indian hostilities in the State of Caiift)rrnay 
be printed for the.usc of this House. 
The SPEAKER. The resohttion, the 
rules, wi\} go to the Committtee on Printing. 
It was referred accordingly. 
STATE OF TIIE UNION. 
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 ask the unanimous 
sent of the I-louse for leave to present tho petition 
of citizens of 'Wethorville, -Baltimore county, in 
my district, praying for the adoption of thc Crit- 
tenden resolutions of compromise. I wili add that 
the prayer of this petition vepresents the wishes 
, of the people of all parties in my district. 
i 'The petition was laid upon the table. 
RAILROADS IN KANSAS, ETC. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the House fbl' leave to move the printing, 
of a bill granting alternate sections of public 
land to aid in the construction of certain railroads 
in tho Territory or future State of Kansas, and the 
vrerritory of Nebraska, and in the State of Cali- 
fornia, which the Committee on Public Lands 
propose to report at some future day. 
There was no objection; and the bill was ac- 
cordingly ordered to be printed. 
CORRECTION. 
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, perceive that I am 
reported in the Globe to have stated , on yesterday, 
in answer to a question as to Lhe.action of the Ohio 
Legislature about returning persons, held to scr- 
vice, fleeing from one State to another, that 
think the laws tl'\ey have on that subject sum 
cicnt.' 
1 was Inisunderstood. I said this: that 
a law had been introduced for the purpose of cor- 
retting our error in that respect, and I hoped it 
would be passed. 
I wish to correct another mistake. 
I stated that 
the Legislature had passed tho resolutions I re- 
ferrcd to unanimously. That is a mistake. The 
Senate passed them unanimously, and the House 
from day to day ut\til disposed of. No one doubts passed rnost of them unanimously. T herc were 
that it wiit go over beyond Wednesday. I object 
to t_he tion. 
iMr. BURCH. This bill is order for 
to-day, and i have omn•ed the resolutimf post- 
poning its further consideration, with a view that 
modore H. Paulding to accept a sword and grant 
tl'ie debate on the condition of thc coun- 
of land from the Government of Nicarao•ua. 
try may be continued •under the arrano•ement en- 
Mr. HINDMAN. i object. 
tered into by both sides of the House. 
Mr. POPI'TLE. I hope thc gentleman will not 
unwilling to Ict the special order for to-day be 
obieet until he has heard it rcad, and knows what postponed, unlesé sorne day be fixcd when it can 
be taken up and acted on. 
f dissenting voices on some of the resolutions. 
Mr. JONES. While my friend correcting 
mistakes, he had better correct them all. 
derstood him to say yesterda_y that the Legisla- 
ture of Ohio w-as taking measures to reform their 
unfriendly legislation. saw in the papers of this 
i morning that that Legislature had postponed the 
repeal of the personal liberty bills indefinitely. Is 
that the refotmation he spoke of? 
Mr. COX. The gentleman is laboring under a 
, mistake. A personal liberty bill was passed in 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 think 1 understand the Mr. MAYNARD. Then let it be postponed 1856, by a Republican Lcgislature. The Demo- 
