436 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 17, 
if he had entertained similar opinions about sla- 
very in Cuba or Brazil, would such opinions ever 
have been considered when the nomination came 
to be madc? No, sir, that nomination was made 
solely, mainly, and particularly, on the ground of 
hostility to slavery. It is one of his open declar- 
ations that he hates slavery as bad as any Aboli- 
tionist. It was that very hatred which gave him 
the confidence of the party that has elected him 
to power. 
Then, how do we stand? Here is a party com- 
posed of men of the northern States alone, of 
whom not one single individual owns a •slave; 
and probably not one twentieth of those who 
voted for Mr. Lincoln ever saw a slave. They 
have none of the evils or advantages of that in- 
stitution among them. And yet they chose Mr. 
Lincoln for his opinions in regard to an institu- 
tion with which they have no connection, and 
in which they have no practical interest. He 
was selected because of Ins hatred to slavery. In 
other words, he was selected, not for any partic- 
ular views of policy that he has in regard to 
northern institutions or northern interests, but 
because of the views which he entertains in re- 
gard to southern interests. He .was elected, not 
io govern the North, but to govern the South; to 
govern a portion of the Union in which he has no 
party, and where there is no respectable portion 
of citizens who, for a moment, tolerate his elec- 
tion to offce on such principles. So far as the 
South is concerned, we of the South have had 
no more to do in the election of Mr. Lincoln than 
we have had to do with the election of the Emperor 
of France. He is to us a foreign ruler. He is 
elected by men who have no sympathy with us, 
who are hogtilc to our great interests. 
I submit to the consideration of every candid 
mind, if any court on carth would appoint a 
guardian ovcr a property where the application 
was made for t.hc sole purpose of destroying the 
estate; whcrc the applicant was hostile to the in- 
tercst,ofwhich he desired to l)avc the control, and, 
only sought tho trust for its destruction; 
is the re 
interest in the country, and should share the com- 
mon weal or common x,voe of -the country, like 
other great interests. 
I submit to the committee and to the country, 
what reason can be given, from a review of his- 
tory, for so bitter a contest against this institution 
of the South? Has slavery madc such rapid 
strides since the foundation of this Government as 
to alarm those philanthropists, if philanthropists 
they be? At the time of t.he treaty of peace in 
1783, the States now,' called southern owned ter- 
ritory to the extent of 638,016 square miles, and 
the northern States 169,662; or the South owned 
468,354 square miles more than the North. Vir- 
ail over the country. This idea that the South, 
or the Democratic party , or any party at the Sou th , 
are slavery propagandists, by and through tho 
Federal Government, is a mistake, and northern 
politicians have misled the public mind of the 
North when they have atternpted to promulge 
such an idea. The only position taken by any 
party in the South is, that we of the South are 
equals in this Union, and that when Territories 
are acquired our citizens have the right, under our 
Constitution, to go there, and that no power short 
of the people of the Territories themselves can at 
any time exclude them from this right. There is 
some division among us as 10 when the people of 
ginia ceded territory to the extent of 239,558 a Territory should act—whether they should do 
I it while in a territorial capacity, or whether they 
square miles, and excluded slavery therefron-r, 
, should wait until they form a State constitution; 
thus giving the North 409,220, and reducing the 
. but all agree that there is no power which can ex- 
South to 398,458 square miles. The South was 
then strong, and the North was weak. How has elude the South from her rights in a Territory 
that generosity and mao•hanimity been requited ? but the people who settle that Territory. We are 
in favor of the largest liberty to the people to go 
How is it now* proposed to be requited by the 
to the Territories that are acquired by the com- 
northern States? The very States of the North- 
west, of the territory thus generously ceded by mon blood and the common treasure of all the 
the State of Virginia, are this day enlisted in the States and of all the citizens of all the States, and 
ranks of our adversaries; and a large majority of to stand upon a perfect equality in relation to their 
their Eepresentatives on this floor are votincr and rights in those 'I'erritories. 
acting to-day with the party Lhal is attempting 
thc 
to deprive the old mother Commonwealth, 
mother of those States, of any right in the Terri- 
tories thtft have been subsequently acquired, al- 
though they were acquired by the joint blood and 
treasure of' Virginia with all the. Slates. 
But, sir, Ictus follow out that idea: By the Lou- 
isiana purchase, we acquired. 1,136,496 square 
miles. Of this the North has secured 977,602 
I square miles, and the South 333,624—the North 
acquiring 643,978 square miles more than the 
South. 
13y the Florida purchase, the South acquired 
1 59,268; and by the annexation of Texas, 274,356; 
total by these last tV%Z0 acquisitions, 333,624 square 
By the N'Texican treaty, the total acquisition is 
, | 665,486 square miles. Of this the North has Cal- 
n court on earth, clairning to know what equity ifornia, containing 188,981 square miles, leavincr 
and justice is, who would for moment think of i 476,505 square INiies in New Mexico and Utah 
I c MT hat objection can the North have to that? 
It is not that slavery will go up North. Every 
I man who knows the character of the northern 
people, knows that they look well to their own 
Interests, and they have abolished slavery in the 
northern States; and in doing that, they have 
shown by their example that there is no fear that 
slavery will ever go where it is unprofitable ']'his 
being so, why is it that there is this hostility in 
the public mind at the North agaii')st this insti- 
tution of slavery? Sir, they have got ingrafted 
on their minds an idea that slavery is sinful, 
and that this Governn•ent is responsible for the 
sin of slavery, if it be tolerated. Doubtless a large 
majority of the. people of the North are devoted 
to the Constitution of this country, and arc iVill- 
i ing to give us our constitutional rights, if they 
In my hum- 
were not misled upon this subject. 
I ble judgment they have been, whether intention- 
ally or not, grossly misled. They have been 
tauo•ht that the Constitution of t.he country docs 
not recocrnize thc right of property in man, and 
appointing him ? And yet you are determined to 
place the guardianship of the rights of the South 
in the hands of men who 
on the slavery question, 
come here declaring their hostility to slavery, and 
claiming the right to take charge of that institu- 
tion to which they are hostile, aid on the destruc- 
tion of which they are determined. I submit to 
the consideration of this cornmittee, and of the 
country, whether it is an American principle, t.l'iat 
the party who has no interest in the subject-inat- 
ter should selecta guardian for it, and choose him 
from mnong those hostile to it? 
But it may bc said that our Government is one 
of majorities. True: in one sense it is a Govern- 
to bo settlod. And the present effort of your party 
is to cxc.lnde the South from the whole of this; 
that it slavery is permitted to into any of tho 
while the South only asks equality in it. And, i 
sir, may remark, in relation to that territory, 
that it is the most barren, blcak, mountainous, 
and unproductive territory that this Government 
has ever acquired. The soil and climate of that 
territory are such that your own distinguished 
Daniel Webster declared that slavery could never 
go there; that the law of nature prohibited it; and 
that, to enact the Wilmot proviso in regard to it, 
would be only to reénact tbe law of God. 
I will refer again to the statistics that I have 
collected frorn the report of the Commissioner of 
the Land Office: 
But Mr. Lincoln has only a 
ment of majorities. 
bare majority of t.hc electoral vote; and when you 
rn 1783 the South owned.... .... 
cotne to exarnine t.l)9 record of tbe great popul.ar 
Virginia ceded. ..... 
voice of' the F)eople ot• the United States, you will 
Square mites. 
638,016 
239,558 
398,458 
find that he is nearly n million in the minority. 
T hus, by nearly a million minority of votes, has 
Mr. Lincoln bccn elected to the oflice of President 
of the United States. 
this idea of majorities crovernillff 
Again, sir; 
ought to be limited to the peoi)le who arc inter- 
csted in the subject. The people of Massachu- 
setts or the people of Virginia might welt submit, 
a subject to the will of their respcctivc States, and 
be governed by the majority; but the principle 
does not hold good where the question is sub- 
mitted to those who have no interest whatever 
Upon the subject, of slavery, or any local in- 
tcrest of the South, I maintain that if majorities 
in the North, or if every •man in the North, were 
in favor of hostile legi.;lation, it would be anti- 
American , and contrary to all the principles of our 
Governrnent for them to asstnne to govern such 
local institution , and especially to govern it in such 
a way as to bring about its destruction. Why is 
it that the northern people have felt it incumbent 
on them to join in a crusade against this instit.u- . 
Leaving the South but.... 
i Frotn the Louisiana purchase the South ac- 
158,896 
quired but. 
Florida.... 
Texas ..... ..... . 
Present South.... 
Total increase of the South . 
I In 1783, the North had.... .... 
Virginia cession. .... . 
Eouisiana purchase 
. Mexican treaty. ..... 
'Itotal increase of the North since 1783.. 
59,268 
. 274.356 
890.978 
252 962 
169,662 
239,558 
977 
186.981 
13575.803 
rl'ervitories it will make them accessory to this 
greath sin of slavery. Why, sir, we must look to 
ghe that. at.tend('d our Declaration Of 
and the formation of this Consti- 
tution. &fhe ships of the INorth and of the South 
were then engaged in the African slave trade. 
'i'hey were going to Africa, and there buyincy or 
I kindnapping negroes, and bringing them to the 
United States, ai)d selling them to the citizens of 
the Union as slaves. A proposition was Inade to 
abolish that trade, or to give Congress the power 
to abolish it; but the North, tbc States of Massa- 
chusetts, Connecticut, and New Hampshire, said 
I that they wanted t.he trade extended, at least until 
1808; thus giving them twenty years more to bring 
this species of property to the United States, sell 
it, and pocket the profits of the sale. 
It was 
the idea entertained then, universally. Nobody 
thought of any thing else than that they wore 
legally bought and sold as property. 
But, sir, when you carne to organize the Mis- 
i ; sissippi Tcrritory, you put in your bill, that any 
man being the owner of a slave might take that 
slave into that Territory and there reside. And 
every Administration frcnn that day to this, and 
II 
every President of the United States, has recoff- 
nized the same idea. Congress has aoain and 
again recognized it, and directed slaves to be paid 
for as property. Your treaties have recognized 
And, sir, not only that, but your courts have 
it. 
again and again recoo•nized it. Your Governnunt 
In seventy-six years the South has gained but l; in all its branches, executive, legislative, and ju- 
252,962 square miles, and the INorth, in the sarne II dicial, have been treating slaves as property up to 
period, has ,nuined 1,406,141 square miles. "I'he this good hour. And noM.', when an individual 
pursues his slove into the State of Ohio, if you 
South has increased her limits about 33 per cent. , 
while the North has extended near 1,000 per cent. please, and apprehends him, by what right does 
In square miles of the territory thus ac- 
he apprehend him? under the right to the 
quired by the North, slavery cxisted by law, but servicc and labor of the slave. That is technically 
tion? We are often told that the slave power has is now abolished. Of the small amount acquired the right under the language employed by the Con- 
but what does it mean? It matters not 
by the South, it was all slave territory when 
stitution ; 
had the control of the Government; but I main- 
whether the individual who has escaped owes ser- 
tain that the Government has not been controlled acquired, and so remains. 
with a view to promote slavery, or in opposition i That is the history of the pro&ress of the two vice for a day, forayear,orfor lifc;heis subject to 
to slavery; and that is the view in which the sections. Where. then, is there the slightest pre- be delivered up when a fugitive fror-n his master. 
South hasevcr maintained the Government should text of our northern friends for one moment en- Upon what other ground has the master lhc right 
be controlled. But slavery is a living, existing tertaining the belief that slavery is to be spread to reclaim his slave who has escaped into another 
