444 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 18, 
bill No. 447, for the relief of the children of the 
late Captain E. A. Capron. 
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was 
considered as in Committee of the Whole. 
provides for the payment to the children of the 
late Captain E. A, Capron of #300 arrears due on 
a pension granted August 20, 1847. 
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to 
a third reading, read the third time, and passed. 
TARIFF BILL. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 move that House bill No. 
338 be made the special order for -Wednesday 
next at one o'clock. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Pennsylvania moves to take up the bill (H. 
R. No. 338)" to provide for the payment of out- 
standinø Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to 
regulate and fix the duties on imports, and for 
other purposes. 
T hc Inotion was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Pennsylvania moves to postpone the further 
consideration of the bill, and make it the special 
order of the day at onc o'clock on Wednesday 
next. 
The motion was agreed to. 
CONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTIONS. 
Mr. GREEN. I ask loave to introduce a joint 
resolution, merely for the purpose of having it 
referred. 
Leave was granted ; and the joint rosolution (S. 
No. 59) to provide for the maintenance of the 
Union, or for a convention for a peaceable sepa- 
ration of the States, antl the restoration of har- , 
mony upon tho principles ofju•sticc and equality 
to all, was read twice. 
Mr. GREEN. I desire to have thc resolution 
road at lei)gth. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
Resolved. (Sac. , 'That, the pnrpo•o of' proteeting the rights 
or all the people, and of all the States, so far 
as (Icvoivcs 
upon Federal authority, and to nnaintain the Union in•it.s 
purity and c.xcctlenec—.or fhiling in that, to provide tör 
peaceable separation —it be, and hercl,y is, recorn niendetl 
to the scveral States to take imtnediate steps, by conven- 
tions or otherwise, and rnake such propositions to the sev- 
ernl States, each to the other, by con ventions of States, 
as may best conduce to the réstoration of harn)on.s.• consist- 
ent with the pt•inejples of justice and equality to all. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 move to refer it to the com- 
mittee of thirteen. 
Several SENATORS. 
It is discharged. 
Mr. GREEN. That committee has not been 
discharged. The chairman informs me that it 
has not. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will bo so 
referred . 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 wish to say a word 
in reference to the resolution—not to debate it— 
but to signify to the honorablc gentleman from 
Missouri that feel mysclfa littre constrained in 
respect to this resolution. I would gladly perform 
sent of the Senate, but the Senator from Kentucky I bent on the Chair, at this time, to call up¯the 
interposing an objection, the question of refer- I special order of the day. The Chair will state to 
ence is now before the Senate. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 beg to make one re- 
mark. I thought it had been referred. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
had a right. to make such an inference, from the 
action of the Chair. The Chair remarked, sup- 
posing it was by common consent, that it would 
be reförred to the select committee. Objection 
being interposed, however, the question is still 
before the Senate. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 think the objection of the 
I honorable Senator from Kentucky is not well 
founded. The public mind expect.s something to 
be done that will lead to a pacification. We know 
not what that thing will be. Every expedient that 
human ino•enuity can devisc ought to be resorted 
to. I desire this to remain in the committee until 
we see the fate of the resolutions of the Senator 
from Kentucky in the Senate. They are but rec- 
ommendations to the peoplc at last. They do not 
pronosc to amend the Constitution by a. two- 
thirds vote here, but to take an informal, illegal, 
unauthorized vote of the people, to sec whether 
they will take stops to amend thc Constitution. 
'l'hat is all. The proposition that I make, and 
which I shall urge, if we cannot do any better, is 
not to dissolve the Union, but to resort to every 
expedient to save it on terms of equality to all; 
and if that should fail, then to take the next best 
thing. And what is the next best thing? Peacc- 
ful, honorable, equitable separation. And how 
is that to be done? As the Senator says, not by 
the Senate, not by Congress; it must bc done by 
the action of the several States themselves, in 
their sovereign capacity. 
T liere is nothing novel in this idea. The old 
of the Confederation passed a similar 
resolution; which led to delegates being sent to 
I)hiiadclpl'lia the fm:matiÖn of the cxistino• 
Constitution , and thc establishmel')t of the present 
Union. 'l'hat Congress of the Confederation had 
no more power to malcc such an invitation—for it 
is bat an invitation to the States—than we have, to 
Inalcc this invitation. 
It laid the foundation of 
our past prosperity, our ffrowth, and our promi- 
nence as a nation among the family of nations. 
It may be possible that this may lead to it, it 
everything else fails. 
If anything else l.)ettcr cal- 
culated to stop the current of fanaticism and of 
folly—if anything better can be devised to regtore 
peace and harmony, together with security, will 
go for that other but the public mind is 
now in expectation of some movement being 
made that will concentrate public opinion; dnd thc 
public mind, as thcy are ail but mere voluntary 
acts of the people, even if we pass them, ought 
to have these several subjects up for consideration 
and to reflect upon. net them, from Maine to 
Florida, reflect on all the •ropositions, and see 
which is most feasible, anc which is best calcu- 
towards him, and towards every other of my lated to accomplish beneficial results; and when 
brother Senators, any act of' courtesy that lilight i i the people shall have acted, and the States in 
be suitable; but I cannot vote for a resolution, in 
their sovereign capacity, I shall bc content with 
any forrn, to make preparation for the separa- 
that action, whatever it is. 
the Senate that there are two special orders as- 
signed for this hour. One is the Pacific railroad 
bill, so called, and the other the bill for the ad- 
mission of Kansas. The Pacific railroad bill, as 
the unfinished business of yesterday, takes pre- 
cedence, and is now before the Senate for consid- 
eration. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 move that that be laid 
aside, and the Kansas bill taken up. 
Mr. GWIN. lhope it wili bc made the spe- 
Cial order for Tuesday next. Monday has been 
assigned for the resolutions of the Senator frorn 
Kentucky, and Wednesday for the tariff bill. 
hope the railroad bill will be taken up on Tues- 
day. I do not want to interfere wit.h the Senator 
from Vermont. 
Mr. COLLAMER. have no objection to that 
suggestion, and I modify my motion in that way. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
fronl Vermont moves to postpone the considera- 
tion of the Pacific railroad bill until Tuesday 
next, an make it the special order for that day 
at one 'clock. 
The motion was agreed to. 
ADMISSION OF KANSAS. 
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, 
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 
23) for the admission of Kansas into the Union; 
the pending qnest.ion beino• on the amendment of 
Mr. GREEN to strike out the proposed boundaries 
of the State as defined by the bill: 
Beuinning at a point on the westerli boundary of the 
State of Missouri, wherc thc thirty-seventh paiallel of 
north latitude crosses the same; thence west on said par- 
allel to the twenty-fifth meridiari of iongitude west froin 
Washington ; thence north on said rneridian to the fortieth 
parallel ot• latitude ; thencc cast on said parallel to the west. 
ern boundary of the Stato of Missouri; thence south '•,vith 
thc western boundary of said State." 
And in lieu thercof to insert: 
Bcginuing in the main channel of tho North Fork of the 
Platte river, at a point where the meridian of 
longitudc mvest froun VVashington crosses the ; thence 
down and 
n long said channel to its junction main 
strc:un of the Plattc; thence down and alonz the main 
channel or the Platte to the Missouri river ; 
thence south 
along gaid river and wcst.crn boundary of thc State of 
Missouri to the northern boundary of the Cherokee neutral 
land ; thence svest along said northern bouu(lary. the north- 
ern boundary or tbc Osagc lands, and the prolougat.i0E1 of 
the stune, to thc twenty-fifth meridian of longitude west 
VVashington ; 
thence north on said :neridian to the 
place or beginning. 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, i discussed this 
question somewhat at the last session of Congress, 
and I shall not now go into any general debate 
on the subject. 
I do not intend to interpose ob- 
stacles to the action of the Senate upon this ques- 
tion; but I think, owing to the space of time that 
has clapsed, I ought. to make a little explanation 
of it before the vote is taken on the amendment. 
It wili be observcd by an examination of the 
constitution adopted at Wyandotte, now ponding 
before the Senate, that about one third of the 
Territory of Kansas is cut off on the west. 'I'hat 
incli.ides the Pike's Peak region, where tho first 
(YOId discovery was made, including the Gregory 
tion the States of 'this Union. I will not antici- 
The action on the Senator's resolutions must i mines, and so on, cutting off that space of terri- 
pate such a contingency. I will not seem to rec- i, emanate from the States. The vote of the people tory; which none of the other constitutions ever 
ognize the probability, or even possibility, of of the States which he calls for is nn informal, 
I did. Owing to the character of the country, that 
such ai) event. I will not vote, cven in this indi- 
illegal vote. No rnan can be punished for perjury reduces it to small compass to constitute a good 
rect manner, for a proposition that implies its dis- at that election; no man can bc forced to open the State. The gross arca is about eighty thousand 
solution, much less makes provision iör it. 
For polls; no Governor can bc compelled, by procla- 
square miles; but tlie portion susceptible of set- 
this reason, and this only, I shall vote against. mation, to order such an election. 
It but an tlement and of habitation will not exceed forty 
referring the resolution to a committee of inquiry. invitation; mine is butan invitation. Still, I will thousand; and the best authority I havo reduces 
I hope the Senate will consider: are we herc al- vote for the Senator's resolutions 'inost cheerfully, 
it to thirty thousand out ofeighty thousand square 
ready to assume the dissolution of the Union, and for i want the public attention called to this sub- miles. After wre pass west of tho Missouri river, 
to provide for the wreck? Is the Senate of the ject. 
If we can accomplish anything, it is only except upon a feM.,- stretuns, there is no territory 
United States to be employed in that manner; 
through tho public mind and • the public heart; 
fit for settlement or habitation. It is unproduc- 
presupposing, implying, granting, as it were, in and this is a means by which we may, in a par- 
It is like a barren waste. 
II will not even 
tial degree, feel the public pulse. 
the face of the whole world, that thc imminence 
r_Phat is all the support cattle, or sheep, or anything pertaining 
of the danger is such, and the probability such, 
reason I offer it; and, whether rcfcrrcd or not, I to the grazing business. There are no mineral 
that wc are called upon—not in our capacity as 
have accomplished all the purpose I had at pres- 
resources in the State to supply any want of ag- 
Senators, for as such we have nothing to do with 
sent in view; and that is to spread it before the ricultural resources. Hence, I propose to enlarge 
it—but that we are called upon as men, exercis- ii country for consideration, in case every other the boundary, not upon the west, but to take the 
ing, however, an official authority, to provide for i better expedient should fail. 
I present western boundary and prolong it northcrly 
the destruction of that very Union that we were Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President— 
up to the Plattc river; and then follow the line of the 
sent here and sworn to maintain? 1 can give Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will sen- 
river to its junction with the Missouri line, and fol- 
such vote, sir. 
low the Missouri line down. It will add to the Ter- 
, ator permit to make one word of explanation? 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 inquire whether this; Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly. 
ritory about thirty thousand square miles, about 
joint resolution has becn referred? 
Mr. V,71LSON. 1 desire to tile Chair 
two thirds Of which will be susceotibie of settle- 
Mr. GREEN, Certainly. 
if there is not a special assia•nment for this hour? ment. It will then make a good, stroncy, substan- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
tial State. 
I have the privilege to state, this 
regards the question as before the Senate. The I 
RAILROAD TO PACIFIC. 
connection, that nine tenths of the people south 
Chair said it would be referred by general con-l The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is incum- li of the Platte, in what is now called Nebraska, 
