1.861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
446 
desire this annexation to Kansas. I have a me- insuperable objection, if it is not one that cannot 
morial here, which was examined, setting forth be got over by any possible plausible reasoning, I 
the reasons why it ought to be so; and think am totally deceived in my own judgment. The-In- 
that but for political considerations, creating great dian lands ought to be excepted; and the best way 
anxiety to bring Kansas in now, right or wrong, to except them is to run the southern boundary 
It is only a short dis- 
we should all assent to this proposed change of north of the Indian line. 
It ctgs off but a small space of land—but 
boundary. In some six or eight cases of States tance. 
admitted heretoforc, we have done the same thing. 
We changed the boundary of Iowa; we changed 
the boundary of Michigan; and in regard to sev- 
eral other States, if we did not change the bound- 
ary we made other chauges, which required the 
constitut?on to go back to them to receive their 
subsequent assent. 
r rhe question now is this: is it right, asa prin- 
ciple of political economy, as wise legislators, to 
add that portion of Nebraska to Kansas; or is it 
not? It is not whether it will delay the admission 
of the State; for that consideration never did op- 
eratc upon the minds of Senators in any other 
case; but the question is: is it right, in parceling 
out the territory, in shaping States, and leavirv 
territory to be shaped into future States hereafter, 
that this should be annexed to Kansas? I think 
it cminently proper; 1 think it proper from the 
character of bhe country. When Kansas was 
originally owanized, the policy was to extend the 
States westward. There was then no discovcrv 
of gold in thc Rocky Mountains. Now a change 
of policy is indispensably necessary. A separate 
govcrnmcnt must be established for the Pike's 
Peak region'; and hence, as we cutoff that portion 
little territory; and we add on the north that 
which is below the Platte; and it makes a beauti- 
ful State, capable of sustaining a heavy popula- 
tion, and enjoying much prosperity and peace— 
I trust more hereafter than they have had in the 
past. That is the object of this amendment. 
There is still another diffculty; and I shall in- 
sist, whether this amendment bc adopted or not, 
upon a resubmission of the constitution to the 
people of Kansas; for I deny the right of Con- 
) gress to change any constitution; I deny the right 
I of Congress to put qualifying expressions in it 
which will change its import, and force them 
It is forcing 
to take it without their consent. 
upon them a constitution they never made. *Now 
—I ask the question in all-candor—have the peo- 
ple of Kansas, in person or by Delegates, ever 
assented to this exception that the House bill puts 
in? If not, it must be resubmitted to them; and, 
if resubmitted, had*wc not better shape thc boun- 
darics in that .nanner which we think most con- 
ducive to the public xveal? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, 1 should be 
very willing to add the country south of tbc Platte 
river, as proposed by the Senator from Missouri, 
of Kansas, we ought to add an equal portion on to Kansas, and incorporate it with that State, if 
it could be done without postponing its admis- 
the North. 
I am willing to vote for an amendment to 
Another consideration: the present population 
the effect. that the people on the south Sidc of the 
of Kansas is not equal to the ratio of representa- 
tion. The census has been taken in the legal form, : ' Platte, within the boundaries speeificd by him, I 
and shows a deficiency. Adding this of not now included in the State of Kansas, shall 
vote for and against annexation; and that, in the 
Nebraska to it, gives it an adequate population. 
It then comes in as a good and substantial State. event a majority of them are in favor of being in- 
As to its political character, I know nothing and cluded within the State of Kansas, they may be 
If the present change , so included. But, whil& I do that, I must admit 
would not stop to inquire. 
of boundary shali bc made, I shall votc for the Kansas unconditionally as a State, and leave the 
admission. i desire to get rid of this question as question of the enlargement of the boundaries to 
bc determined by a vote of the people afterwards. 
soon as I can, and I therefore wiH most cheer- 
fully and heartily vote for its admission. 
But this is not the only atnendment have to 
offer, for the present pending au-lendment proposes 
another change upon the south boundary. It 
will be observed that the constitution of Kansas 
includes the Indian reservations, the Cherokee 
lands, the Seneca lands, and I think a portion of 
of the Quapaw lands. Treaties were made with 
those Indians, when wc sold lands to thc Chero- 
kees, especially providing tluey never should 
bc included withm any State. The constitution 
of Kansas does include them. I propose to run 
thc line iust north of those Indian rcscrvalion.s, 
and observe our treaty stipulation, and not break 
it because ure have the physical power to do it; 
but observe good faith with the Indian tribes. My 
friend, the Senator froin Vennont., [Mr. COLLA- 
MER,] at the last, session, on this point, answered 
me about this, that the territorial bill included it. 
and that that was as much a violation as this. But 
you will observe, by examining that territorial 
bill, while the nominal boundary runs around it, 
as drawn by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. DOUG- 
LA s,] and as passed by Congress, it especially 
excepted all Indian reservations. The constitu- 
1 ask 
tion of.Kansas docs not except anything. 
It was compet.ent for 
attention to this point. 
Congress, organizing the Territory, to except it. 
It was therefore legally excepted out of the nom- 
inal boundaries. 
It will be observed, however, in reading the 
House bill upon which we are now acting, that 
the House of Representatives undertook to cx- 
cept it just in the same lancyua(re that was em- 
ployed in the Kansas-Nebraska bill; but 1 ask 
the attention of Senators to this point: Kansas, in 
hcr sovereio•n capacity, if we admit her as a State, 
has made a constitution that excepts nothing; we 
say, " we let you in, if you except these Indian 
lands." Very well; does not that force us to re- 
commit the constitution to them? or else, in the 
I think the Nebraska river would be a better 
boundary 
Several SENATORS. You mean the Platte river. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Indian name of the 
Platte is the Nebraska river; from that I got the 
i name of the Territory. I think that rivet: would 
be a better boundary. It is a barrier to settle- 
ment rather than a connectine link between the 
It is very wide very shallow; 
settlements. 
its bottotn is filled with qnicksands; it is almost 
impossible to ford it; and it is extreinely diflicult 
It would bc a much 
I and cxl.)ensive to bridge. it. 
better boundary than ihc one fixed on the fortieth 
parallel, for which I admit that I am responsible 
in the formation of the Territory. I would like 
to give the natural boundary instead of that arti- 
fic,ial one; but I am only willing to Rive that by 
an amendment submitting the proposition to the 
people for ratification or rejection by itself, and 
I not to aflk2ct the question of ihe admission of Kan- 
sas under this constitution. 
But there is another objection of the Senator 
from Missouri. He prcsents what he thinks is an 
I insuperablc objection to our admitting this State 
Ele tells us that there are certain 
at this time. 
Indian treaties by wl-lich ccrtain lands now within 
the limits of the Territory and of the proposed 
State of Kansas, were stipulated never to be. in- 
corporated within or subject to the jurisdiction of 
and -I apprehend that if Kansas shall bé admitted 
under this constitution, and thequestion shall ever 
come before- any court, it will be at, once declared 
that the treaty is the paramount law; •ana that, 
consequently, there is nothing in the. cohstitutiöfi 
of Kansas to give to that State jurisdictiom Over 
any Indian reservation which -has been exceéted 
by treaty, and which it has been declared shall 
never be• included within •the limits or be subject 
to the jurisdiction of any State. 
It is very well for the House•of- Representa- 
tives to declare that these Indian reservations•hall 
be excepted ; which,in fact, amounts to declaring 
that we understand at the, time we pass the act 
that we are not subjecting them • to the jurisdic- 
tion of the State of Kansas. It was very well for 
me to insert in the Kansas-Nebraska bitl the same 
declaration. It is only giving notice that, at the' 
time the bill passes, it is so understood; but the 
legal effect would be, that the rights secured under 
the treaty would prevail, whether* there was any 
such declaration in the law of admission or;in the 
constitution of the State •or not; and therefore 
thesc reservations are not necessary; They are 
very well on thcir face, but they are ' not abso- 
lutely necessary. 
For this reason, I do not understand that the 
objection interposed by the Senator from Mis- 
souri is an insuperable objcction at all. Tho pro- 
posed amendment to the boundary does not change 
the legal effect of the bill as to the rights of the 
Indians, or the jurisdiction of the people of Kan- 
sas, in respect to the Indian country, at all. 
1 
think it would have been very well if •the people 
of Kansas had drawn their boundaries in the way 
I think it would have been a little 
hc indicates. 
plainer, and certainly it would have been a little 
more acceptable to me; but the legal effect would 
not have been changed; and, as the objection, if 
it has force at all, consists only in its legal effect 
in violating the legal rights of the Indians, if that 
legal effect is not changed; the objection van- 
ishes. 
Hence, I have been unable to see anything in 
the objections which have been urged by the Sen- 
ator, either as to the southern bÖundary or the 
northern boundary, as furnishirw reasons why 
we should not vote for the admission of Kansas. 
I do think we ought to admit Kansas promp_tly, 
without further delay, or further obstacle. We 
have had controversies enough about Kansas. 
W c had a strugglc once whether she should be 
admitted with thése same boundaries, with these 
same objections existing, two or three years, with 
a constitution that I insisted was not madc by the 
people of Kansas. I do not intend now to reopen 
that controversy; but if the objection brought for- 
ward by the Senator from Missouri is insuperable 
now, it was just as insuperable to the Lecompton 
constitution. The fact of these Indian reserva- 
tions was just as well known to us then as it is 
now. The Objection was as binding on the con- 
sciences of men t.hen as now. Nobody on this 
side of the Chamber then thought the.objqption 
was insuperabre. I do not see what additional 
force it has now got.• I did not deem-it necessary 
in debate, when armuing against. the acceptance 
of the Lecompton constitution, to go any further 
than simply to make a vague allusion to the In- 
dian treaties. knew the sagacity of the Senator 
from Missouri; and if I did interpose that objec- 
tion, he would have retorted on me in a moment, 
it is a treaty stipulation; thc treaty is the para- 
mount law, and there is no valid force in your 
I thought so too. Hence I predicated 
objection.' 
any State or Territory. rlNhat is true. That objec- 
my opposition to the Lecompton constitution 
tion was made when the Kansas-Nebraska bill 
was pending, and to meet it, I inserted a clause upon a different ground; upon a gronnd that I 
providing that such Indian reservations as were thought could not be answered 
—upon the merits 
not by treaty to be included within the boundaries of tho question, and not upon a technical point as 
of any State or Territory should not be deemed to a treaty stipulation bemg violated, when the 
act had no legal effect to deprive anybody of any 
to be within the boundaries of Nebraska or Kan- 
sas; but should be excepted therefrom. I suppose right under a treaty. 
they would have been thus exceptcd if there had Under all these circumstances, i think the op- 
been no such declaration in the organic act; for ponents of the admission of Kansas now had 
the simple reason that the Constitution of the better regard the question on its merits, as we did 
United States has declared that the Constitution I when we opposed the admission under the Lc- 
language of the eloquent Senator from Illinois, we itself, and all laws and treaties made in pursuance compton constitution. If it bc true that this con- 
shall be choking a constitution down their throats I of it, Shail be the supreme law of the land, any- I stitution is the act and deed of the people, let-them 
thing in the constitution or laws of any State to I have it. Senators tell us that there. is -not popu- 
to which they never assented? They have never 
1 reckon there are aemån-y: peo- 
lat.ion enough. 
'I'hese treaties be- 
the contrary notwithstanding. 
assented to this. •we can only get rid of the dif- 
ficulty by changing the boundary, or if we except ing the paramount law, the supremo law, no act ple in Kansas now as there were when the Le- 
of the people of Kansas, by constitution or by compton constitution was made. The Senator 
these Indian lands out, in the language of the Kan- 
legislative enactment, or in any other mode, can from Missöuri says there is nothing -like it. 
sus-Nebraska bill, as the House does, .the people II 
If this is not an impair any of the rights secured by these treaties; I think the census will show that •there are more 
of Kansas must assent to that. 
