448 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 18. 
lege to any Senator. He has a right to require 
that the doors shall be closed. 
Mr. BIGLER. Then, Mr. President, in pur- 
suance of that right, I ask that the doors be 
closed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A special 
der was made yesterday in executive se.ssion that 
the Senate should proceed to the consideration of 
executive business to-day at two o'clock. The 
Chair is called upon to notice that special order, 
a-nd must do so; and ruust therefore order that 
the-galleries be cleared. 
The doors were accordingly closed; and after 
upwards of three hours spent in executive ses- 
sion, they were reopened. 
Mr. SLIDELL. move that when the Senate 
adiourns, it be to Monday next. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move that the Senate do 
now adiourn. 
Mr. 'SLIDELL. I should like to inquire 
whether the motion that the Senate now adjourn 
takes precedence of the motion that, when the Sen- 
atc does adjourn, it be to Monday ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER 
in the chair.) In the opinion of the Chair it does. 
A motion to adjourn now supersedes a motion that 
when the Senate adjourn it be to meet on Nfon- 
day. The question is on the motion that thc Scn- 
ate do now adjourn. 
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and nays; 
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted 
—yeas 26, nays 25; as follows: 
YE-AS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand- 
ter, C.lark, Cnllamer, Dixon. Doolittle, Douglas, Durkce, 
Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, King 
Morrill, Seward, Silnmons, Sumner, Tcn Eyck, Trunibuli, 
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson 
Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Clingznan, Crit- 
N AYS—M essrs. 
Hemphill, Iiunter, Iverson, 
tenden, Fitch, Green, GM'in, 
I,anc, Lathatn, Mason, 
Johnson of •rennesscc, Kennedy, 
Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Rice, Sainsbury, 
Slidell, and Wigthll—25. 
So the motion was agreed to; and thc Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
FRIDAY, January 18, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by Rev. J. EDWARDS, of Philadelphia. 
The Jou rnal of yesterday was road and approved. 
MESSAGE FROM SENATE. 
A messace was received from the Scnatc, by 
Mr. PATTON, one of their clerks, informing the 
House that the Senato had passed a bill of the 
Housc to supply deficiencies in the appropria- 
tionsfor the service of the fiscal year ending June 
30, 1861, with sundry amendments; in which he 
wits directed to ask the concurrence of' the House. 
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the bill and 
amendments were referred to the Committee of 
Ways and Means. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. 
Mr. DAVIDSON, Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled the follow- 
in" bills and resolution; when lhc Speaker signed 
the same: 
An act to authorizc thc institution of a suit 
against the United States to test the title to lots 
Nos. o and 6, on the hos•pnal squarc in San Frau- 
Cisco; 
An act to continue in force an act therein men • 
tioned, relatinff to the port of Baltimore ; and 
A resolution authorizing the -Secretary of the 
Trca.sury to pcrmit thc owners of the steamboat 
John C. Frémont to change the name of the same 
to Horizon. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION. 
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. IVh•. Speaker, 
desire to ask a favor of this House, which i have 
When that resolution was introduced, I thought olution, to which I hope there will be no Objec- 
it uncalled for and unnecessary; but I hesitated tion. 
before I could vote against a resolution of that i TheSPEAKER. Letitbe road forinformation. 
character. We proposed to divide it, that we 
might indorse Major Anderson, and vote against 
the residue; whiéh was refused. I revolved it, 
however, in my mind, giving it all the consider- 
ation that I could in the brief period allowed be- 
tween the introduction of the resolution and the 
time when we were called to vote upon it. I cc:m- 
cluded that while i could fully and freely indorse 
the action of Major Anderson, an act justified by 
th6 laws of self-defense, if not by the orders of 
the War Department—that which had passed, 
and which we fully and completely understood— 
I could not vote to indorse cvery act that the 
President in the future might regard as his con- 
stitutional duty, in carrying out the laws and pre- 
serving the Union, to do. I cannot in advance 
indorse his acts. 'YVhile, sir, I am for the Union, 
and while in saying that i believe that repre- 
sent the scntimcnt of Kentucky, I looked npon 
the action of the southern States as of that mac- 
nitude that required us at least to pause and hes- 
itate for a molnent ere we N,vould peril the whole 
nation, and plunge it into a general conflagration 
and a general internecine war. I thought that we 
should hesitate before saying that we would 
indorse cvery act of the President of the United 
States for thc purpose of enforcing the laws and 
carrying out the principlcs of the Constitution. 
I am not one of t.hose, Mr. Speaker, who believe 
in the right of a State to secede from the Union. 
regard that as the greatest heresy that over 
received the countenance and indorsement of a 
political party. I approve of the resolution upon 
that subject, passed by the Legislature of Ken- 
tuck y in 1833, in which Legislature wore then the 
wisest of Kentucky 's statesmen, and which is as 
follows: 
5. 'I'lläit tbc people of the United States have a deep in- 
terest in the perpetuity and integrity of the LTni0i), and an 
iind tbc right of secession, 
lidoub(.ed right. to preserve it ; 
asserted hy the ordinance, is not only unauthorized by the 
Constitution, but is repurnant to its letter and spirit." 
do not believe, that any State has a constitu- 
tional riffht to secede; but all must recocynize the 
right of revolution—the right of submittin(F to the, 
arbi t t of the sword opp rossion upon onc side , 
and indcpchdence and freedom upon the other, 
whenever oppressi01'1 becomes intolerable 
not believe that {hc time has come in the history of 
this country when we should resort to means so 
dreadful, so full of disaster and catastrophe; butl I 
do believe that it is not right, at the present titne, 
to send reinforcements to the forts in South Car- 
olina or the other southern States, but that we 
should first endeavor, at least, to obtain by com- 
promiso what, in the end, some may think we will 
be under the necessity of taking by force. 
I should not, Mr. Speaker, havo conceived it 
to be In y duty to havc made this explanation had 
it 110t been that, from various parts of. my dis- 
trict., I havc rcccivcd letters from sotnc of the most 
t rpspectablc of my constituents, saying that in y 
VOtc aryainst the resolution of Mr. A DRAIN was 
conden;ncd, from the fact that they did not under- 
stand the motives which prompted me to vote 
I said upon that occasion: 
a«aznst it. 
If this resolution were. confined to Major Anderson, I 
shoutd vote för it with great pleasure; but I cannot vote 
I iOr the residue of that resolution. 
Hence, f vote no.' 
I thank the House for its courtesy. 
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 call for regular order 
of business. 
I ask the unanimous consent 
Mr. BURCH. 
of tho I-louse to have pril') ted an amendment which 
propose to offer to I-I onse bill No. 728. 
There bein()' no objection, it was so ordered. 
EDEN ADAMS. 
SPEAKER stated the, regular of 
The resolution was read, as follows: 
Resotccd, "Ithat the Committee on Printing be hrstrncted 
to inquire and report, without delay, why the order the 
House, adopted Decclnber 12, 1860, requiring the printing 
of the testUnony in the contested-election case of Willianl- 
son arrainst Sickles has not been executed. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 object to that resolution. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
ask the 
gentleman from Massachusetts to permit me to 
amend the resolution by directing inquiry also as 
to why the Congressional Directory has not been 
printed. 
Nk. DAWES. 1 think that this is of more 
importance than anything else. It affects the right 
of u member to his seat on this floor, and is therc- 
I ask the adoption of 
fore a privileged question. 
the resolution, and move the previous question 
Mr. HINmiAN. 1 objected to the consider- 
ati01') of this thing. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers the 
resolution as in the nature ofa privileged question, 
affecting the right ofa member of this House to 
his seat. 
The previous question was seconded, and thc 
main question ordered; and under its operation 
the resolution was adopted. 
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved 
to lay the resolution on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
CALL OF COMMITTEES. 
Mr. EDWARDS.. now demand the regular 
order of business. 
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi- 
ness is the call of committees for reports ofa pri- 
vate nature. 
The SPEAKER proceeded to call committees 
for such reports, beginnino• with the Committee 
of Elections. 
SUTLIFF & CASE. 
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims, 
reported a bill for the relief of Sutliff& Case; 
which was read a first, and second time, referred 
to a Conn mit,tee of the Whole House, and, with 
the accompanying report, ordered to bc printed. 
ISAAC 11. RANDALL. 
Mr. TAPPAN, from the samc committee, rc- 
ported back, with a recmnmcndation that it do 
pass, an act (S. No. 300) for tbc relief of Isaac H. 
Råndafl•, which was refbrred to a Committec of 
the Whole House, and ordered to bc printed. 
M. C. MORDECAI. 
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, from the 
mittce on the Post Ofhce and Post Roads, reported 
a bill to compensate M, 'C. Mordecai for certain 
services; which was read a first and second tune, 
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, 
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be 
printed. 
IIDIRs OF JOIIN ROBERTS. 
Mr. BRIGGS, from the Conämittee on Revolu- 
tionary Claims, reported a bilk for the relief of the 
heirs of John Roberts, deceased, late a surgeon 
in the revolutionary war; which vv•as road a first 
and second time, referred to a Committee of the 
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re- 
port, ordered to bc printed. 
CLAIM OF GEORGE FISHER. 
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, 
I desire to 
call a report presented by me some ten days 
since from the Committee on Indian Affairs; and 
I ask the attention of the House to it at this time: 
It is a joint resolution repealing a resolution 
relatino• •to the claim of George Fisher, late of 
not heretofore asked, and which trust I may business to be the consideration of bill of the 
never rcgard it as necesstu•y for mc to ask again. 
It is, sir, thc privilege of making a short personal 
cxplanation. 
No objection was niade. 
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. on the 7th day 
of the present n')onth, Mr. A DRAIN, of New Jer- 
sey, introduced a resolution in the following 
Reso!ecd, "Ithat. we fully approve of the bald and patriotic 
act o? Alajor Anderson in withdrawing from Fort Moultrie 
to Fort Sillil[er, and of Ibe deteÆ!1Jinati011 oc (he Ibresifiellt 
to maintain that fearless officer in his present position ; and 
that we '.viil support the l) resident, in all constitutional 
rneasurcs 10 entOree the laws and preserve tuc Chiion." 
I-louse (No. 833) relief Eben Adams; 
I upon which thc previous question was ordcyed 
yesterday. 
Ii The bill was ordered to be en orossed, and read 
a third tirne; and being enørossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the third timc, and passed. 
Mr. DUELL moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the bill was passed; and also Inoved 10 lay 
the motion to reconsidcr upon the table. 
T hc latter motion was an-reed to. 
PRINTING OF TESTIMONY. 
I Mr. DAWES. permission 
Florida, deceased, approved June 1, 1860. 
i The joint resolution ',vas read. It rescinds a 
resolution entitled " A resolution relatinø to the 
claim of George Fisher, latc of Florida, deceased , 
passed at. the first session of this Congress, and 
approved June 1, 1860;" 
andit,makes nulland void 
the same and all proceedings under it. 
The question being on ordering the resolution 
i to be engrossed and read a third time, 
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask the attention of the 
House to this subject. The resolution relates to 
a private claim; but, unlike our general legisla- 
tion, which is usually to allow private claims, of 
