THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSiON. 
whatever they may be, it is a resolu- 
tion introduced for the purpose of rescinding a 
resolution under wfich there has been an at.tempt 
to get a private claim allowed, which, in the judg- 
ment of the Committee on India)) Affairs, ought 
not to be allowed. Its object, therefore, is to save 
to the public Treasury something more than sixty 
thousand dollars. The facts aré, these: 
A resolution was introduced into the Senate at 
the last session, authorizing the Secretary of War 
to reexamine a decision w}iich hc had made two 
vears previously; and if, on that revision, 
he 
should think it proper ta increase t.he aHowance 
to the claimant, to do so. That resolution passed 
the Senate, and wras sent to this House, where it 
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
It was, in its terms, extraordinary; and, in my 
judgment, if it should be examined by any mem- 
ber of this House, in connection with the result, 
it would be seen that it wus drawn for the express 
purpose of securing allowances beyond the pre- 
vious awards and allowanccs, which have no 
iustification in the history of the case, or in the 
testimony by •which it was sought to be supnort- 
ed. Let me say, from information of the most 
reliable character, that that resolution was not 
framed in the Senate, but was framed and present- 
cd to the Senate from outside of Congress; and I 
presume that it passed tho Senate without any 
member of that body being aware of its real char- 
acter. When that resolution cainc to the Com- 
mittee on Indian Affairs of this House, thcy saw 
something of its covert character; but they did 
not suppose that any wrono• was intended, be- 
cause they had not a knowledge of the facts on 
which it purported to be based. They thought it 
proper, however, to report it back with an amend- 
ment consisting of an entire substitute, havinff 
nothing of the directory or mandatory character 
of the Senate resolution, but simply authorizing 
and requiring a reexamination and a consideration 
of all the testimony in the case, leaving the Sec- 
retary of War at liberty to abide by his award as 
before made, and to allow nothing in addition un- 
less the justice and equity of the case required i!. 
STRANGERS ON FLOOR. 
Mr. SCOTT. Will the gentleman from New 
Hampshire yield to me a moment? I rise to a 
pri vileged question. A few moments since there 
was a friend sitting on this side of the Hall—a 
Democrat. The doorkeeper—not the gentleman 
who was clcctcd, but his assistant—sent a page 
with a notification to him to leave, as he,was in 
the Hall contrary to the rules. Now, sir, on look- , 
incr at the other side, I see, in conversation with 
a rnember fronu New York, a person who is not 
entitled to the privileges of the floor. Through- 
out the whole session, Mr. Darling—the assistant 
doorkeeper, to whom I refer—has invariably al- 
lowed persons on the floor on the other side, while 
on this side he will not allow any person to enter. 
f therefore brand him as acting partially and un- 
:ustly, actuated by a low, disgusting partiality, 
unworthy of an omcer and a gentleman. 
continue this course of removing Democrats on 
this side and of admitting Republicans on the other 
side, I shall move his expulsion as doorkeepcr; 
for hc is not worthy to hold his office, or to come 
in daily contact with gentlemen. 
The SPEAKER. Chair is of opinion that 
the Doorkeeper should cnforce the rules without 
partiality; and the Chair, so far as it has anythin 
to do with it, will insist on that. 
CLAIM OF GEORGE FISHER—AGAIN. 
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, 
from California having terminated the interrup- 
tion he thought it necessary to make, I now te- 
sume mv remarks. 
This éubstitute, reported by the committee, was 
adopted, and was agreed to by the Senate; and 
under it the Secretary of War has proceeded to 
act, and has allowed to the claimant in this case, 
instead of !hc• additional amounts supposed to be 
claimed, the sum of $66,000 more than hc had 
allowed in his award made two years before, on 
precisely the same testimony, and no other, on 
29 
MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1861. 
which he had made that award. This extraordi- 
nary allowance has not boon paid. The money still 
remains in the Treasury. When it became known, 
at the commencement of the present session, that 
the amount allowed was so much beyond any- 
thing that was contemplated when this legislation 
was adopted, it threw a suspicion over the whole 
transaction. 
Now, sir, let me say that, when this matter was 
bcfore the Senate during the last session, the de- 
bate which took place upon the subject, which is 
now on record in tbe Congressional Globe, shows 
that it was stated that nothing more was expected 
by the passage of the joint resolution than the 
correction of an error or two, amounting to not 
more than from two to four thousand dollars. 
With that statement before us, when at this ses- 
Sion the fact became known that an award of more 
thau sixty thousand dollars add.itional had been 
made at the War Department, it was sufficient to 
attract attention, and to give rise to the opinion 
that the award was extraordinary, if nat entirely 
u n warra n ted. 
Now, sir, I will, for momen\•, refér to the his- 
it ißa claim for 
torv and nature of this claim. 
I sustained in 1813—forty-s$ven vears ago 
—for damævycs sustained from depredations of the 
Indians, tl')en in astatc of hostility ,hnd by appro- 
priation for tbc use of the troops ofth& United States 
then encaged in suppressinffsuc.hhoQilities. And, 
I Mr. Speaker, this matter has been bchn•c Congress 
It lias been 
! from 1813 up to the present time. 
I before successive. committees, some of which havc 
reported adversely and some favorably; but no 
legisla!ion was had upon it until 1848. fn 1848, 
by the action of both branches of Congrcss, it was 
referred to the Second Auditor of the 'i'reasury to 
"I'he Second Au- 
make an adjudication upon it. 
ditor, upon cxamination , fou lid that damages had 
been sustained from both the Indians and troops 
by this claimant to the amount of about seven- 
teen thousand dollars. But as by the Itiw under 
which he acted, he was directed to ascertain how 
much damage had been sus:ainod by the claimant 
from the Indians, and how much the troops 
of the United States, and not to allow anythil')g 
for the darnage done bv the Indians, but. only so 
much as had been do•ne by the United States 
troops, be found due the claimant a sum between 
eight and nine tllousand dollars, but awarded no 
interest on the clailn. Subsequently his atten- 
tion was called to that fact, aud he allowed $8,000 
interest; making, in all, $17,000. His attention 
was again called to the Inat.ter•, and hc allowed 
#10,000 terest in addition,.making, in all, the 
sun') of 27 ,000. i state these sums in round 
n u m bers. 
-A nother application was made to Congress, and 
the matter acrain referred to a new Second Auditor, 
but who did not act. A {rain application was made 
to Congress, and the Illatter was referred to the 
Secretary of War for his adj ud ication , with power 
to investicrate the claim, as if dc noto, upon all the. 
testimony in the case, including certain deposi- 
tions, said to have. been rejected by the Auditor, 
if now authenticated. These depositions had been 
duly authenticated, and were before him, and the 
papers in the case show were considered by him 
with other evidence; and it is to be presumed he 
gave such effect to then') as he thought they 
deserved. On this examination, he doubled the 
allowance which had becn before madc by the 
Second Auditor. This was in 1858. And now 
at the last session of' Congress, the joint reso\a- 
tion, which was first before the Sey)ate, and the 
substitute for which it is now proposed to repeal, 
•was carried through the Senate upon the pre- 
• tense, first, that the amount claimed was small; 
and, in the second place, upon the ground that 
the depositions referred to had not been consid- 
i ered; and that if they were now duly authenti- 
cated, they should be cohsidered by the Secretary 
the claim; whereas the 
in his final adiustrncnt of 
I fact in the case is, 
that t tiese depositaon.s were 
duly authenticateu in 185{_), He-ere before i he Soc- 
retary in 1858, and were then made a part of the 
basis of his award. 
New 
I now come to the case as it was presented 
the last- session of Congress. • I have said that 
the amount was doubled by the Secretary in 1858; 
In was again referred to the Secretary Of 
War for his decision. Let it be remembered that 
the claim had been first.increused from $9,000 
to $17,000; then to $27,000; then to $66,000; and 
now the Secretary of War, in this last award; 
has increased the aggregate amount to $133,000. 
Mr. Speaker, during the present session, the 
Committee on Indian Affairs have gone fully into 
an examination of the claim. The claimants were 
heard by them by able counsel at sessions on 
three several days; the whole merits of thc casc 
were fully gone into; ail the legislation which hars 
been had upon the subject from the outset. has 
been fully considered; and all the testimqny.in 
the case examined and considered; and the Com- 
mittee werc unanimous in reporting the resolu- 
tion which is before the House, for the purpose 
of rescinding the resolution giving the authority 
under which the Secretary of War has acted. 
Now, sir, the question has been raised as to 
whether this House has the power to rescind this 
resolution; and upon that point, I am not here to 
chargc fraud upon the Secretary of War as a 
cause of rescindment. I do not here undertake to 
charge fraud against anybody who has had con- 
nection with the case; but I do undertake to say 
that it is outside of this House and of Congress 
that this case has been managed; and I do tan- 
dertake to say that, if this resolution should be 
permitted to fail, and the award under the legis- 
lation of the last session permitted to be carried 
into effect, the Treasury of this Government will, 
in my judgment, be plundered of an amount Of 
morc than $60,000. And I say further, that if 
the Secretary of •war was honest in making the 
award which he has made; if everybody con- 
c.crned in procuring the award has been honest; 
they have been strangely misled, and have en- 
tirely misunderstood the purpose of the •resolu- 
tion and the facts of the case. They could not 
otherwise have sanctioned this claim to anything 
like the amount of the award. 
Now, sir, in relation to the exercise of the power 
of this House to rescind and nullify the action of 
the Secretary. It has been said that there is a 
vested right, that Congrcss cannot rescind this 
resolution under which thc Secretary has acted, 
so as to divest this claimant of his right to the 
payment of the amount of tho award from the 
Treasury. Well, sir, I do not propose to argue 
that question here; but I undertake to say, thatno 
casc can b$ fo•und in which a claim has been en- 
forced against the Treasury in -the face Of a_law 
of Congress prohibiting the payment. And- let 
Ine say further, that in the opinion of the commit- 
tee, as a suit cannot bc maintained aoainst the 
Government, and inasmuch as tbc claimant would 
have no remedy for the payment of this money, 
if he still insisted upon its paymenp against a posi- 
tive law of Congress, except by a mandamus from 
the court, and that, before that writ would be al•- 
lowed, the court would see to it that its effectwould 
be to protnotc justice and not injustice—the com- 
mittee thoughi this repealing act should be passed, 
and turn the claimant over to the chances of a 
legal enforcement, if he should persist. The only 
case that has becn referred to as presenting the 
action of the courts having any similarity to this, 
was the issuing of a writ to compel an offcer of 
the Govornment to discharge an offcial duty de- 
volving upon him under an existing law of Con- 
But that was not a case similar to this, 
I gress. 
E inasmuch as this would bc a case of commanding 
an offcer to do an act vrrhich was virtually against 
an express law of Congress. 
Now, sir, I knot,v that the House is always 
impatient under debate upon these matters of a 
private nature, and havc, therefore, endeavored 
I have not adverted 
to be as brief as possible. 
with any minuteness to the testimony ii the -case. 
have not adverted perhaps with suffcientaear- 
ness to aki the details of the historyof the case; 
but I have made statcmcnts whiéh I think, in 
connection with the fact. that this measurc receives; 
