450 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBØ. 
January 18, 
the unanimous support ofthc committee in whose 
behalf I have presented it, will bc suffcient to 
satisfy any candid man that it should receive the 
unanimous support of the House. It involves the 
dcfcatofac!aim for more than $60,000. It is true, 
this may not be regarded as a large amount in com- 
parison with many that pass under the consider- 
ation of this House, or with that of some other 
private chainis even' which have been allowed by 
Congress without any semblance of justice or 
right; but it is surely a large sum in the present 
state of the Treasury to put into the pocket of 
any claimaiit, against equity and against right, 
by any agency of this House. 
Beyond this, sir, this measure has another and 
a higher purpose than merely protecting the 
Treasury in this single case, important as this is. 
It is intended ns a discouragement to all that class 
of persons who are lying around this Capitol 
with specious, plausible, but substantially ground, 
less claims, waiting their opportunities to secure 
for them by schemes, inventions, manaffement, 
and appliances, the sanction of Congress. 
Sir, while I would have the Government dis- 
charge scrupulously and promptly all its just ob- 
ligations, I would have it meet with uniform and 
stern denial all fictitious and fabricated claims, 
and all exaggerations of just claims, by whom- 
soever they might bc preferred, or by whatsoever 
combination they might be attempted to be sus- 
tained. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mc. Speaker, hav- 
ing had occasion to examine this case with some 
cafe, I desire to say that, in my judgment, amore 
groundless claim or reckless allowance was never 
prcgentcd to or made by any Department since 
the l.)eginning of the Government. Therefore, I 
Shall Gote for the adoption of the resolution. 
Mr. BARR. I should like to hear the resolu- 
tion that it is proposed to repeal; I want to know 
what we arc doing. 
Mr. EDWARDS. I demand the previous ques- 
tion on the adoption of the. resolution. 
Mr. P)ARR. Let the resolution bc read which 
it is now proposed to repeal. 
Mr. EDWARDS. Then 1 ask the Clerk to 
road what I have marked. 'The first is an extract 
from the Congressional Globe, relating to proceed- 
ings in the Senate. 
*'I'hc Clerk read, as follows: 
The joint resolution (S. No. 8) relating to the claim of 
George Fisher, late 01' Florida, decease(t, was read a second 
tiille, and considered as in Cornmittce of the Wlrolc. 
't•ovides that the joint resolution approved June 3, 1885, 
devolving upon the Secretary of War the execution of the 
nct of Congress entltied An act supplemental to an act 
therein mentioned, approved December 22 18.34," shall be 
so coli*trued as to require the Secretary ot War to reexam- 
ine and settle the account therein referred to, and to adtnit 
(hc depositions formerly rejected 'Or want of authentica- 
'ion, if they are now duly authenticated by the executive 
td)t• Alabama, aud to allow such Items and valuations in the 
nrcounts as are prove(t to be due, and are anywise affected 
hy that test.ilnony, wi'„hout disturbing thosc not so affected; 
to tucilitatc the adjust-inent, tbc Secretary ('f l•Var is so 
to constri.to the joint resolution as to require that thc claim- 
*tots shall be credited with the items and valuations con- 
; ur pecificd in t,hc otlicia) cornnjunication and *tato- 
mout of the Second Auditor of the fl'rcnsury, under date 
u!' January 20, 165b; but it' any portion 01' the itelns or val- 
uations havc becn heretofore allowed, they are to be de- 
ducted, and the excess or retnaloder only be accounted it)r. 
Mr. 'I'ROMBULL. 1 should like to hear the report. 
gannot uuderstand tills from thc reading of the resolution." 
Mr. EDWARDS. The the 
being the resolution substituted 
second extract, 
•tor thc Senate resolution, and being the resolu- 
tion now proposed to •be rescinded. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
The joint resolution of 1860 provldcs that the Secre- 
!try of War is hereby authorized and required to revise 
his cxecution of the act of Congress, entitled 'An act sup- 
>lemental an act therein lltentioued,' approved Deceni- 
aer 22, 1854, required of him by a joint resolution of Con- 
grcss, approved June 3, 1858, and on said revision to 
consider and givc effect to all the testimony filed in said 
ease, including certain depositions formerly rejected by the 
Lion, but now duly authenticated, and to restate and settle 
the nccount heretofore stated and settled by him under said 
gentleman from New Hampshire withdraws his 
demand for the previous question, perhaps he can 
enlighten me on some points. 
Mr. EDWARDS. i am ready to answer any 
question the gentleman may propound to me. 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 understood the gentleman 
to admit that this claim has some fbundation, and 
that it was ascertained by the First or Second 
Auditor, after three or four specific examinations, 
that tlH2re was something due to this claimant. 
Mr. EDWARDS. That has all been paid. 
Sixty-six thousand dollars has already been paid 
on this claim, while the original claim, for all dam- 
ages, was only for $15,000. 
The demand for the previous qucstion was sec- 
onded, and the main question ordered; and under 
the operation thereof, the joint resolution was 
ordered to bc engrossed aid read a third time; 
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the 
third time, and passed. 
Mr. EDWARDS moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the resolution was adopted; and also 
moved that the motiön to reconsider be laid upon 
the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
LIVINGSTON, KINCAID & CO. 
State of South Carolina have seized the custom- 
house in the city of Charleston; they have Clösed 
that port, and prevented the United States from 
the exercise of its conceded exclusive power of 
collecting the revenue from imports. They have 
taken, by force, money from t.he Treasury of the 
United States, and applied to their own use.. 
They have seized the arms and munitions of 
war of the United States deposited in arsenals 
within the conceded exclusive jurisdiction of the 
United States, and turned them against tho Arrny 
of the United States. They have seized the rev 
enue and the property of Lhe United States. 'I'hcy 
have seized a loyal citizen of the United States 
engaged in the discharge of his duty, imprisoned 
him, and threatened his life, for the exercise of a 
plain constitutional duty, charging him with trea- 
son against the State of South Carolina. They 
have taken citizens of different Statcs, rightfully 
and peacefully attending to their business, insulted 
them, inflicted the most degrading indignities 
upon -them, and then forcibly expelled them. 
They have raised a military force of artillery, cav- 
alry, and infantry, Wilh the avowed purpose of 
cxpellirv, or, to use their own chosen word, co- 
ercing, tile United States from the forts, arsenals, 
Mr. ALDRICH, from die Committee on In- 
dian Affairs, reported l)ack I-louse resolution No. 
44, authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to 
adjust tbc claim of Livingston, Kincaid & Co., 
with the recommebdation that it do pass; which 
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House 
on the Private Calendar, and, with the accompa- 
nying report, ordered to be printed. 
AR.hfY APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the rules be 
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union. 
'I'he question was taken; and the motion was 
ao•rccd to. 
T hc I-louso accordingly resolved itself' into tho 
Committee of the Mllhole on the state of the 
Union, (Mr. SVA$IIBURNE, of Illinois, in thc 
chair.) 
CHAIRMAN stated that the. business 
forc the committee was the Army appropriation 
bill; and that on that business the gentleman from 
Ohio [Mr. PENDLETON] was entitled to the floor. 
Mr. PENDLETON addressed the committee 
for an hour. [His speech will be publ?shcd in the 
Appendix. I 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chairman, 1 have 
ened with respect and attention to all that has 
fallen from rny colleague, [Mr. PENDLETON.] 
Much that he has said I approve; but it seems to 
me that instead of appealing to this side of he 
House forconciliation, kindness, and forbear, ce, 
he should appeal to thÖse around him, who lone 
provoke the excitement now prevailing n this 
country, 
He says the Army should not be used o coerce 
n State. by this he Incans that the Army should 
not be used to conquer n State, to compel her to 
be represented, to maintain the courts or post 
ofiiccs within her limits, to burn her cities or dcs- 
I do not 
olate her fields, ho is entirely correct. 
l)elieve that any Administration will pursue such 
a policy. But, sir, we have a Government, a 
•-yreat Government, to maintain. It is supreme 
within the powers delegated to it; 
and it is pro- 
vided with ampleauthority to protoctitsclf against 
foreign or domestic enemies. It has the exclusive 
It is the ex- 
right-to collect duties on irnports. 
clusive owner of forts, arsenals, navy-yards, ves- 
It has a flag, tho 
gels, and munitions of war. 
symbol of its nationality, the emblem of its power 
and determination to protect all those who may 
of right gather under its folds. 
It is our duty, as 
the representatives of Ibis Government, to main- 
tain and defend it in the exercise of its just I 
powers. Has it trespassed upon the rights of a 
single individual? Does any citizen of South 
resolution, and to make sueh corrections in his said former Carol complain that this Government has done 
ntatement and settlenlent, and such further allowances, if 
. i i him wrong? No man can say that. The Gov- 
beön allowed and paid, as, in his opinion, justice to the ernment for years has been in the hands of the 
Democratic party, controlled chiefly by southern 
claimant shall require." 
N'lr. KUNKEL. I think we had better have citizens, They have controlled its power and 
the whole report of the Committee. on Indian Af- patronage; and now, when the Republican party I 
fairs read to the House. Iam not familiar enough about to assume the reins, they seek to subvert 
it. They organize revolution under the name of 
with the merits of this case to vote on it at this time. 
I am not permitted to propound any question, the secession. 
previous question having been demanded. if the h What have they done? The people of the 
and other property still in the possession of the 
United States. When Major Anderson, for the 
safety of his small force, removed it from Fort 
Moultrie to Fort Sumter, they seize4 Fort Moul- 
trie, Fort Pinckney, and other property. 
More recently they fired upon a vessel in the 
employ of the United States, conveying reinforce- 
in this act 
ments and provisions to our troops. 
of war, they used the cannon and munitions of 
war paid for out of our Treasury. Forts ceded 
by the State of South Carolina to the United 
States were used to expel a vessel of the United 
States in the pursuit of its lawful commerce. 
When the " star-spangled banner" was hoisted to 
her mast-head, as a sign of nationality, appealing 
to all the patriotic recollections which cluster 
around it—your flag, my flag, the flag of Virginia, 
of Ohio, of Kentucky, of Massachusetts, the flag 
of every State and of the whole Union, the rustle 
of whose folds has so often excited the pride 
patriotic ardor of Americans in every part of the 
habitable globc—that flag, invoked for the protec- 
lion of an unarmed vcssel, carrying provisions to 
our own troops, was fired upon and disl)onored. 
An act of war by citizens of the United States, and 
therefore an act of treason, was applauded by 0M- 
cers and citizens of that State, and perhaps by these 
of other States. It was not an act of war against 
you and me merely, but against every loyal and 
patriotic citizen of this great Republic. Up to that 
moment we had done nothing. This Government 
has been more quiet, more com- 
placent, under this series of' offenses, than any 
Government instituted since the foundation of 
governments. 
And now, Mr. Chairman, the same lawless vio- 
lcnce is breaking out in other parts of the coun- 
try. Forts, arsenals, navy-yards, and vessels of 
war, intrusted without defense to the patriotism 
of the people, have, upon one pretext or another, 
been seized, and are now held by lawless force. 
Upon the recommendation of members of Con- 
gress, Fort Pulaski was seized by troops, under 
an order from the Governor of Georgia. I sup- 
pose there is not a member upon the other side 
who will declare that it would be given up peace- 
fully to the troops of the IJnited Siates if it were 
demanded by our national authorities. More re- 
cently sli\l, the navy-yard at Pensacola was taken 
by an armed force, under the order of the Gov- 
crnor of Florida. I have here a telegraphic dis- 
patch sent to this Government: 
appointed by the 
January 12, 1861 ' 
vernor of Florida, with a regiment of anned men at the 
emanded the surrender of this navy-yard , having pre- 
vio taken possession of one of the magazines. 
ren ered the place and struck tny flag ai half past one 
o'elock, p. m. , this day." 
Here, then, is the Governor of one State, the 
weakest of all, with a regiment of armed men, who 
goes to a navy-yard of the United States, having 
first seized the magazine containing gunpowder 
and muniments of war—who goes with this armed 
force to a navy-yard in the charge ofa captain of 
the United States Navy, and demands possession. 
Then the flag of your country and of mine is lovvr- 
ered to lawless force. 
Mr. Chairman, suppose Great Britain, suppose 
France, suppose all the Powers of the world com- 
