454 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 18, 
ment may be broken up by a majority ofa single 
State. If we hold this Union, and all the rights 
it secures to us, and all the hopes we basc upon 
it, upon thc whim or will of a single State, thcn 
indeed it is the weakest Government ever devised 
by man. If a single State may destroy our na- 
tionality;-then indeed is the wisdom of our fathers 
the wisdom of babes. •we can no longer talk 
about the weakness of the old confederacy or 
anarchy of Mexico. 
Sir, we owe it as the most sacred of duties to 
put down this heresy. If it now fortifies itself 
by sectional animosities, if it rises from party 
rebellion to sectional and civil war, still it must 
and will be met with determined resistance. Upon 
this point, am glad to say, the people of Ohio 
are united, if the unanimous voice of the Legisla- 
ture of that State is a true indication. 
Again, I say, what is the uso of concession, 
conciliation, or compromise, when, if we yield 
everything you demand, you cannot say to us: 
" It will save us from disunion" or war? Are 
we not in danger of quarreling about terms of 
conciliation, when traitors are overthrowing the 
Government we wish to preserve? Are we not 
dividing ourselves for their benefit? What will 
satisfy South Carolina and Florida and Missis- 
sippi and Alabama? They want' disunion, and 
not compromise or conciliation. The Democratic 
party would not agred to their terms, and they 
seceded from the Charleston and Baltimore con- 
ventiöns. 
Is it lilcely that we will yield what 
our nörthern Democratic friends could not yield ? 
Can you expect that this Black Republican 
party," as you please to call it, wiil yield to you 
what your northern Democrat.ic associates dare 
not? It is utterly idle to talk about any such 
terms of concession. 
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the 
me to ask him a question ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 cannot yicld. 
Mr. STEVENSON. just want to ask the 
gentlcmun whcthcr, if hc can be assured the cot- 
ton Statos will accept it, he will yicld the Crit- 
tenden proposition. [Cries of Order ! ' ' 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 cannot the oor. 1 
ask you again, Mr. Chairman, what terms will 
satisfy South Florida, Mississippi, and 
Alabama? I have no doubt Georgia is a much 
morc conservative State, as well as a much more 
powerful State. Would you, gentlemen, accept 
any terms we could give you ? 
Mr. I-I ILL. I (lo- not desire to intorrupt the 
gent.leman; but I wish to make this onc remark. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I really cannot yield the 
floor {Urther- 
Mr. [LL. I propose simply to ask a qucs- 
tion. 
The CHAIRMAN. The from Ohio 
declines to yield, and tbc genllcrnan from Geor- 
gia is out. ot order. 
M r. SEI ERMA N. There is no gentleman on 
this floor to whom I would sooner yield than to 
the gentlcnnan Crorn C{corgia•, but I nm under ob- 
ligations not to allow In yselt to be intcri•upted. 
Mr. ILL. 
'[the gentlemnn asked a question 
and I desire to answer it, it* I can get the oppor- 
tunity. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentlcman will havc 
an opportunity. 
Ivrr. VALLANDIGHAM. These intcrrup- 
tions dre objected to by a dozen gefftlemen, and 
I hope my colleague *VVIII proceed. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 say again to the gentle- 
man from Georgia, that I hold the floor by unan- 
imous consent, upon the terms that I should not 
yield. i say agam, Mr. Chairman, that [do not 
believe any terms which our people could yield 
and preserve their own self-respect would satisfy 
South Caro*ina, Florida, or some of the other 
soutlmern States, because they are bent upon dis- 
unron. 
We know that gentlemen who represented 
South Carolina on this floor, if the newspapers 
correctly report them', declared in the Charlestq„n 
convention, held recently, that they had brooded 
this matter for long years, and that they 
over 
only sought an opportunity, an occasion—or, if i 
mav use the word, a the secession 
drew Jackson and»John C. Calhoun. We know 
that, in 1832, the doctrines upon which this revo- 
lution is going forward were initiated, and from 
that time the young men of South Carolina have 
been educated in the school of disunion. They 
have cherished those doctrines in•their innermost 
hearts. All tho concessions we might make, all 
the compromises we could agree to, all the offer- 
ings of peace we could make for the salvation ot• 
this Union, would not be able to secure that de- 
sired end, if South Carolina could prevent it. 
Again: we mi2ht on this side properly say we 
have done nothing to impair any constitutional 
right. We propose to do nothing to infringe 
yours. We havo succeeded in a constitutional 
way in electing a President of the United States. 
All we ask is that he may be inaugurated in peace, 
and may develop his policy in the usual manner. 
We can add that this is thc demand of all our 
people, not only of those who voted for Mr. Lin- 
coln, but of every loyal citizen. You teli us your 
people are excited and alarmed, that they appre- 
hend that an overwhelmintr anti-siavct-v element 
is about to be inaugurated in power that will di- 
rectly or indirectly affect the constit•v.uonal rights 
of vour Stat.es. 
Perhaps you will confess, what you know to 
be true,' that for political purposes, in the strug- 
gle of partisans for asccndency, both parties in 
the South have united to fire the southern mind 
against the hated Black Republicans of the North . 
Speeches have been distorted, single sentences 
havc been torn from their context and made to 
deceive and mislead. Garrison, Wendell Phil- 
lips, Seward, Lincoln, and latterly Douglas, have 
been mixed in a hatcd conglomerate, and used to 
excite your people. A philosophic opinion of Mr. 
Seward has bcen construed as the statement of a 
settled purpose to overthrow slavery in thc Statcs, 
although in the very paragraph itself all idea of 
interference by the people of thc frec States with 
slavcr.y in the slave States is expressly excluded. 
It is but a year since you inflamed your constitu- 
cnts bccause {$01nc of your fellow-members rec- 
on-nnendcd, without reading, a book written by 
one of your own citizens, containing obnoxious 
opinions slavery. Nearly ail bf you gave 
birth, vitality, and victory, to thc Republican 
party, by adopting a policy you now join ill con- 
Some -of you brokc dowll the only 
demning. 
political- organization that could compete with us, 
and thus gave us an easy victory. You have all 
contributed, more or less, in perverting thc pub- 
lic mind as to our principles and purposes. And 
I tell you, gcnt.lcmcn, that when you call the Re- 
publican party an Abolition party in thc sense in 
which you use t.he word abolition; when you 
quote from Garrison, Wendell Phillips, and from 
like extreme •rnen, and circulate their opinions all 
over thc Sontl), tellil')g the people of your States 
that the people of the North have been educated 
in these son linnent.s, profess them, and are going 
to put down slavery in the States, you do a m•cat 
injusticc to tbc intelligence and the safety of your 
I have heard hcrc, over and over again, this 
coarse of agitation, pursued only the other day in 
the Senate of the United States. Mr. DOUGLAS— 
I beg pardon, the Senator from Illinois—quoted 
from onc of the speeches of Mr. Lincoln that pns- 
sage so familiar to us all, that, in his opinion, the 
States would at some day be slave or all free. 
Sir, in this time when the peoplc of the sout.hern 
States are in a stortY1 of excitcmentßhat speech of 
the Senator from Illinois is sent ovcr those States 
as tending to show that Mr. Lincoln would in 
some way interfere with slavery in the States. Mr. 
Lincoln answered this infcrcncc witha solemn dis- 
claimer over and over again on the same stump 
with that Senator. 
I ask whether it was just to 
quote thc opinion without giving thc disclaimer? 
It certainly was not. W c might answer all syou 
say by declaring that the Republican party does 
not propose to interfere with your constitutional 
I have no doubt that the administration 
of Mr. Lincoln will carry out the doctrines of the 
Chicago platform; but not the platform as you 
present it. Sir, it will convince the southern peo- 
ple that all the things said about us are unfounded. 
of tbc Stute of South Carolina and the disruption What, then, will be the fate of hundreds of poli- 
of the Union. S0ine stated that they had brooded ticians in the southern States who have stirred 
ovcr disunion and prayed f'or its consummation their people up to the present intense excitement ? 
that the seeds I Mr. McCLERNAND. Viii the bc 
since boyhood. know, sir, 
of this revolution were sowed in the time of An- good enough to show wherein the speech of Mr. 
Lincoln differs from the statement of, it by my 
distinguished colleague in the Senate? 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from 
Ohio yield to the gentleman from Illinois ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. not. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman from 
Ohio is mistaken when he says that the Senator 
from Illinois misquoted the speech of Mr. Lincoln. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have not said that Mr. 
DOUGLAS misquoted Mr. Lincoln—I only said 
that he had not given Mr. Lincoln the benefit of 
his disclaimer and explanation. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Will the gentleman 
say that what Mr. DOUGLAS did quote misrep- 
resented Mr. Lincoln ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a matter for others 
to judge of. 
Mr. HILL. I hopc the gentleman from Ohio 
will yield to the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 decline to yield any fur- 
I would yicld were it not that I have 'Tiven 
my word to go on without further interruption. 
Sir, the baptism of misrepresentation through 
which this Republican party has thus far ad- 
vanced, does not excuse us from doing all in our 
power to produce conciliation, hartaony, peace, 
quiet, a fair and honest adjustment of ali the dif- 
ficulties that surround us. 
Let us sce where we stand. Slavery is either 
the cause, or is made the pretext, for all our differ- 
enccs. Slavery of the African race is recognized 
in fifteen of the southern States. 
It is prohibited 
in eighteen northern States. Congress is the rep- 
resentative of the people of all these States. All 
parties affirm that Congress has no power to 
abolish slavcry in any of the fifteen StateS, nor to 
establish it in either of the eighteen States; and 
that it has no right to intcrfcrc with that subject 
directly or indirectly in cither of the States. So 
far we are agreed. At an early day of this ses- 
sion, I was surprised at the request of a fellow- 
member from a southern State, that we should 
as an amendment to the Constitution, that 
Cor)gress shall never intcrfcrc with slavery in the 
States. Why? Who claims such power ? 
Its 
denial is in the platform of every political party, 
and in nonc more clearly stated than in the Chi- 
cago platform. Every prominent politician 
stated it as an axiom of Amcrica:-l polities. 
I v,'as told there was such an apprehension in the 
southern mind, to remove which would tend ID 
reconciliation. 
In other words, a constitutional 
amendment is wanted to convince the South that 
what hos been so often stated to their people was 
not truly stated. Very well; let the Constitution 
be so amended. Declare in your own langutlge, 
in the clearest nnanncr, that each State shall Inakc, 
change, modify, its domestic institutions in its 
0'..vn way. As a matter of convenienc.e, I prefer 
such an amendment, as it will save us forever, I 
trust, from answering the oft-repeated assertion 
that we intend to interfere with slavery in the 
States. 
In connection with this subject, I can cordially 
approve the fourth proposition stated by Mr. 
SEWARD. It is as follows: 
" hold Inyselr ready now, as always heretofore, to vote 
for any properly guarded laws which shall he deemed 
cessary to prevent nmtual invasions of States by citizens of 
other States, aud punish those who shall aid and abct 
them." 
Fortunately, in our history, we have had but 
two such invasions, both calamitous to those who 
set them on foot. The one was the armed inva- 
Sion of Kansas by citizens of Missouri; the other 
was the conspiracy and armed foray of John Brown 
on the soil of Virginia. These examples are not 
likely to encourage similar attempts; but when- 
ever they occur, they should be promptly and 
severely punished. 
Our people in the North have the right to ex- 
press their opinions about slavery; to write them, 
to speak them, to preach them. Freedom of 
speech, freedom of the press, and freedom of 
opinion , are essential to the preservation of repub- 
lican institutions; and they never can be, and 
never will be surrendered. Theirconvictions that 
ßlavory- is a social, moral, and political evil, arc 
fixed and immutable. They are now shared by 
the. great body of the civilized world. They are 
not likelv to be weakened by time or reason, and 
surely tfiey will not be weakened by threats of 
disunion. They have a right to their opinions; 
you have a right to yours. You can write them, 
