456 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 18, 
providence of Almighty God which has thus far 
guided and gtiardéd us, until this nation has be- 
come a marvel to the world. Can we not go-on 
in the same way in which we have gone on in the 
past? Why not let the Republican Administration 
be inaugurated in peace and quiet? Try it, in the 
name of God! Are you cowards, that you would 
flee from an apprehension? f know you are not. 
Stand by the old ship of State! Give the Repub- 
lican Administration a fair chance. 
If it does not 
do right, you will find thousands—ay, millions— 
in the northern States who will stand by you. I 
believe it will do right. Give it a trial. That is 
all we ask, and what we will demand at all haz- 
ards. 
General debate is now 
closed upon this bill. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. By what authority has 
the' debate been closed ? 
The CHAIRMAN. By authority of the com- 
mittee. It was the general understanding of the 
committec. There was no objection to it. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 am not aware that the 
committee had any authority to fix the time at 
which tbe debate should' close; and, as we can 
probably make no great advance in the bill to- 
day, I would ask the indulgence of the committec 
for a few moments only, to reply to the speecl-n 
which has just been made by tho member from 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will to 
the gentleman from Georgia that he presumes the 
committee has really no authority to closc the 
debate; but that t.he committee can make an acyrec- 
ment which it will stand to. It was the under- 
stitnding of the cornmittee that the debate upon 
this bill should be closed last evening; but a fur- 
ther understanding was made, by unanimous con- 
sent, that it should close to-day, after the two 
gentlemen from Ohio should havc becn heard. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 
Georgia will fbrego his remarks until Monday or 
Tuesday, when he will no doubt have an 01-)por- 
tnnity of being heard, 
and that we may pass the 
Army bill to-night, or at least considor 
amendments that may bc offered to it. 'That ',vas 
the understanding. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 will that this may 
be the last opportunity I rnay havc of replying 
to the gcntlmnan 's speech, and I beg leave to do 
so to-duy I have no disposition to say anytllin«r 
in tcmpcratc. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 would like to inquire of . 
the gentleman from Georgia if hc approves of the 
act of citizens of his Stac_e in possession of 
the fört.s of the United States ? 
Mr. CRAWFORD; that to the 
mernbcr from Illinois. 
The CHAIRMAN. Thcgentloman from 
'"ia asks the unanimous consent of the, com mittee 
that he be ailowed a minutes before the de- 
bate closes. 
Is there au-I y objection ? 
No object ion was rnadc. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 
Illingling in this discussion, or asrain ad- 
dressing the House u pon any whatever 
during the brief space of titne in which I should be 
onc of its members. 
, tbc very extraordi- 
nary speech which has just fallen thc honor- 
able member from Ohio demands a reply. That 
gentleman no doubt reflects the opinions and pur- 
poses ofa majority of the party which ho bc- , 
longs; and as 'his position here and in the country 
will secure for l)is remurks a general perusal, they 
must not cro unanswered. 
It is with of 
great distrust that I undertake the vindication of 
South Carolina and the other seceding States, 
from the chargc.s rnade by the gentleman from 
Ohio; but its very necessity leaves me no other 
alternative. 
His speech, without correction, will 
have the effect of producing upon the public tnind 
of the North, thc Impressidn that South Carolina, 
Georgia, Florida, Alabmna, Mississippi, and Lou- 
isiana, have commenced an acycn•csslve war upon 
the Government of tbc United States. It is not 
just either to ourselves or to them, that they should 
believe, for one moment, that we had, or Hit-ended 
to conunence, an accn•essive war upon this Gov- 
ernnuent or the people of the North. All that they 
ever intended, was to protect and defend them- I 
selves ao•ainst encroachments upon their rights 
and liberties, come f'rorn what quarter they might. 
at such opposite eonclusions. South Carolina 
knew us well, Mr. Chai,rman, on the 6th day of 
November last that she intended to resume her 
sovereignty as she did on the 20th day of De- 
cember thereafter; and yet nothing was further 
from her purpose, than an act which might be 
construed by (his Government into an act of war, 
or a breach of their friendly relations with the 
remaining StateS. It was her especial wish and 
desire to preserve the fullest faith and confidence 
between herself and the Federal Government. 
And I stand here to-day to defend her, and to 
main tain , 
in her name, that she has not at any 
time violated her plighted faith, or committed any 
act inconsistent with her honor or her rights. 
Up to the very day of thc adoption of her ordi- 
nance, her cm.u•se towards this Government was 
as it ever had bcen; sae made no assaults upon 
the public property; she Inade no attack upon the 
forts within 
her harbor; 
she did nothing that 
could by possibility have been construed into a 
purpose of offensive war upon the United States. 
Upon the contrary, sir, she quietly selected the 
members of her convention, and discharged every 
duty which was required of her by your Consti- 
tution. Her meml)ers appeared upon this floor; 
they brought to you and to the executivc gov- 
crmnent every assurance of their friendly inten- 
tions, they pledged their State acrainst any act of 
hostility to youi• rights, upon condition that you 
were to observe and keep the same on your part 
This assurance wus Inade to your 
towards them. 
Executive; and he asked a •written memorandum 
of tho substance of' tbc assurance from the Rcp- 
resent&tives of South Carolina, which they gave 
him, and it is as follows: 
To I-1is ExceUcney Bueh.an.a•n, 
President of the United States : 
In ',viEh our statenlent to you yesterday, we 
now express to you our strotl(' eon victions that neither the 
constit.uted authorities, nor any body of 
the people of the 
State of South (_:a will either attack or rnolegt the 
I} nilPd States torts iu the harbor ('Atlat•leston, previously 
to t.l}Q aetion ot• the convention, and we hope 
and believe 
nntde throul-rl) a n aec red ited 
representati negot iate iin• au icable arrantretnent of 
c rs be L 'v ee.n 
F'oderal G overtunent, 
provided t 
nn rointbretnnents be sent into those 
, and their relative Iliälitary status shall rclllain as at 
JOHN McQUEEN, 
WM. PORCH ER MILES, 
. I',ONHAM, 
W. W. BOYCE, 
LAWRENCE M. KEITT. 
WASHINGTON, Deccmber 9, 1860. 
Here we have a written statement as to the pur- 
poses and of South Carolina, which met 
tbc approval and of the Executive, and 
he ace." pt.ed I-hc ora nd um , and with it. o? neces- 
sit y, its For, to have received it '•,vuh no 
intent to act. upon it, would have been a piece of I 
t.reaerherv that no tnan of decent respectability 
for 
have countenanced. It is 
that objection was Inade to the word 
but 
that it was " because it 
looked as if the were bindin«y 
Linn, while n no authority to commit -the 
eon vent inn. 
A_nd, M r. 
this inter- 
view \vas by the President saying, in sub- 
ple of the North, simply declaring that her con- 
nection with these United States was dissolved. 
This being done, did she order the forts and de- 
fenSes to be taken? Did she order the arsenal to 
be seized? No, sir; upon the contrary, she ap- 
pointed three of her ablest statesmen a commis- 
Sion to your Government for the purpose of set- 
tling all questionsarising out of her new relations 
with you. They did not 
Come with banner, brand, and bow, 
As a leader seeks his mortal foe." 
They came as friends, to negotiate with you 
as peace commissioners. If war or aggression 
upon your rights were t.heir purpose, why thus 
come to your Government? War commence* in 
a different way from this, and aggression seeks 
no such means to encompass its ends. Now, 
mark you, Mr. Chairman, the course of action 
pursued by this Government. Scarcely had these 
commissioners passed beyond the limits of their 
State, on their way to the Federal capital, when 
hostilities were actually cominenced by this Gov- 
ernmcnt upon the people of South Carolina. 
Major Anderson, who had theretofore been sta- 
tioned at Fort Moultrie, evacuated it by night, and 
fortified himself and his command in Fort Sum- 
ter, a more impregnable fortress, and one which 
commanded not only the entrance into the harbor, 
but the city of Charleston itself, with a hostile 
intent upon his part. This •was an act of war. But 
to make it beyond question, and show that he 
considered it war, he did that which no sane man 
would do in peace, which was to destroy as far 
as possible Fort Moultrie, and render it unfit fbr 
use or service as a fortification; add to this the 
burning of the gun carriages and the spiking of 
the cannon, and then tell me, cither that your 
Government has kept its faith, or that South 
Carolina was guilty of the first act of hostility. 
Up to that moment, nothing had been done by 
South Carolina inconsistent with the good faith 
l)ledged for her by her Representatives; yet when 
they saw these things done, and were chafing 
under the mala . fidcs of your Government, and 
losing all hope ot' any other result than war, they 
seized .such defenses as were within their reach, 
and have held them since for purposes of protec- 
tion and safety. 
Why these acts of war by the Government? 
Why this change of position by Major Anderson, 
but to command the harbor and reduce Charleston 
to submission or to ashes ? We have done nothing 
to warrant or justify his course; and when say 
I rnean those other States which, through 
we, 
•.vcal or woe, will stand by thc palmetto flag till 
the last man perish. 
I ask the honorable mcm- 
bcr from Ohio where, up to that hour, had any 
act of hostility been committed by any of tho se- 
ceding States; where had the flag becn struck and 
forts surrender.ed? He can name no place. And I 
assert upon southern honor, that no fort 
have been taken, no arsenals seized, and no hos- 
tilc attitudc assumed by a single State, had it not 
been for the action of Major Anderson at Charles- 
ton; and upon him rests whatsoever of IJlame 
may attach to the subsequent conduct of South 
Carolina, Georgia, and the other States. They 
stance, all, this isa matter of honor ,sunong all felt that their only security against perfidy 
I do not know that any paper writing 
n•ent ; 
we each other." And i 
IS necessi_lrv•, 
a (listinct slat.emcnt as to their 
" relative military status," 
n') e.anin•r o f the words 
used iu thc Inetnot•andurn, which -was, atnono• 
otbcr things, that Anderson should con- 
tin ue to occupy his then position at Fort Moul- 
a nd not to throw hiinself' into Fort Sumter. 
trie 
This tra.nspired oariy in December, and South 
(Carolina, true to ner word, 
permitted nothing by 
looking to a change of the military 
status bet,we.on her o•ovcrnrncnt and yours. There 
hour frotn the day of the interview 
was not an 
betwccn those gentlenu-:n •and your Executive, 
that the peoplc 
of the city of Charleston micrht 
not have taken possession of all the forts within 
her harbor; yet she forbore in consideration of her 
plighted faith; she restrained an impatient and a 
bra ve people, because it would have sacrificed her 
honor; and with then) that is a point which ad- 
mits of no debate. Nothing was done on the part 
was that it should not be in the power of the en- 
emy to turn our own guns upon us. South Caro- 
lina blad been lulled into a false security, and we 
could only profit by her misfortunes. 
Mr. BARR. Will the gentleman allow me to 
interrupt him ? 
1Mr. CRAWFORD. Excuse me. 1 had rather 
Mr. BARR. There is a misunderstanding; and 
I want t.o set the. gentleman from Georgia right. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 ask the gentleman from 
New York whether I have said anything that 
bears on him or on his State ? 
Mr. IBARR. Yes, sir; because my State is a 
part of the United States. If there was any agree- 
mcnt between the Government and South Caro„ 
lina, it would put an entirely diffefent face upon 
the ,matteu•. 
If there was such a written avec- 
ment as the gentleman says, then the President 
was entit•ely to blame, and I would not stand here 
to uphold him in the course he has pursued. On 
of South but to go forward quietly and the contrary, I think he should be impeached and 
prepai•e for separation-from this Confederacy. condemned for it. But I do not so understand it. 
I-ler convention tnpt, passed the ordinance of se- 
Mr. SICKLES. Let me say tQ my colleague 
the honorable and myself have arrived II the States, violating no right of the peo- I Mm CRAWFORD. If the gentleman had 
