1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
457 
tened to my remarks, he would not have found it 
necessary to interrupt me. 
Mr. BARR. I understood the gentleman to 
say that there was a written agreement between 
the President and the members from South Car- 
olina. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 said no such thing. 1 
said there was a written communication from the 
South Carolina Representatives on this floor at 
that time to the President of the United States, 
making certain propositions, which communica- 
tion he accepted and kept as binding upon South 
Carolina. 
Mr. BARR. Did he agree to it? 
Mr. CRA W FORD. His very acceptance of 
it, and holding South Carolina bound, of neces- 
sity involved an agreement upon his part; and I 
again repeat, that if the gentleman from New 
York had paid attention [Mr. BARR. I did pay 
attention] his interruption would have been un- 
necessary. I stated the facts, drawing my own 
conclusions, and leaving the country to do the 
same. I may be in error; if am, the Repre- 
sentatives from South Carolina were in error, 
and, more than that, the head of your War De- 
partment was in error. Why, sir, if I am not 
mistaken, he puts his resignation of the high omce 
which he held upon the ground that, as the first 
omcer in the War Department, he had, according 
to his understanding with the Administration, 
pledged the people of Carolina that no reinforcc- 
ments should be sent to Charleston, and t.hat the 
status quo should be maintained; and when the 
President refused to order Major Anderson back, 
he retired from the Government, as he was in 
honor bound to have done. This is the cvidence 
of one of your own Government omcials, and one, 
too, who refused to continue in oflice at the sacri- 
fice of his personal honor. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 ask the gentleman from 
Georgia to allow rne a word. 
I beg the gen- 
Mr. CRAWFORD. rcannot. 
tleman to excuse me. I prefer to go through with- 
out exciting anv bad temper in any quarter; and 
as I have not alluded to him, he must excuse me. 
I say to the House that whatsoever I say will be 
in no spirit to provoke replies and stir up strife; 
for how willing soever I might bc to engacpe in 
a personal collision, or settle by wager of battle 
these difficulties, I•would not utter one word which 
would unnecessarily plunge our country into civil 
war. 
To return: every act committed by a seceding 
State inconsistent with its former relations to wards 
you, was the result of the acts of this Government 
at Charleston. We believe that the seizing of 
Fort Sumter was the first of a series of acts look- 
ing to our subjugation. This we did not, and do 
not, intend to allow, so long as you leave us one 
man to resist your oppression and nmke war upon 
your invaders. Georgia believed that her forts 
were to be garrisoned by your troops; that guns 
which had been placed at Pulaski were to be tui•ned 
a«ainst her own citizens; and thus her only means 
of protection to Savannah was to be in the hands 
of an enemy. Is there in this Republic one rnan 
who does not know that this fort was put there 
but for one purpose, and that to defend the city? 
Admit that It was ceded to the United States: for 
what purpose, let me ask? Certainly never, in 
any contingency, to be used by the trustee, the 
mere creature of our will, for the purposes of de- 
struction to o tu• people and oar property. It 
would be, on your part, a wicked and unjustifi- 
able abuse•of the trusts reposed in you, were you 
ever t.o attempt such a thing; and believing such 
to be your object, our Governor, knowing that 
it would be taken by the citizens, ordered it to be 
If, sir, the State of 
taken by the State troops. 
Georgia Shail retire from this Confederacy, we 
will hold it with our lives; if she does not, we will 
deli ver it up to the authorities of the United States. 
Mr. GROW. do not pisc to interrupt the 
gentleman from Georgia, but merely to remind 
him that the courtesy of the House was extended, 
him to speak fora few minutes, and a half hour 
has already elapsed. I say, I do not desire to 
interfere with his remarks, but if it is intended to 
finish this bill to-night I think we had better close 
this debate as soon as possible. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 will be very brief. 
Mr. GROW. If this bill is not to be finished 
to-night, I will make no objection to the gentle- 
man's proceeding as long as he pleases. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 
things, believing that this creature of ours bad no 
right to use these fortifications erected for our 
defense, for our destruction, we seized them 
under the universally recognized principle of law 
that the rights of the agent are all,vays subordi- 
nate to the rights of the principal; and your rights 
within the limits of our State must be subordinate 
to ours whenever you violate the compact between 
us. That is the principle upon which we have 
acted, and , as I have said before, which we intend 
to maintain to the very utmost of our men and 
means. 
Now, then, as the gentleman from Pennsylva- 
nia desires that I should not extend my rernarks 
to any great length, desire to say, in conclusion, 
that I understand very fully the purpose of Mr. 
Lincoln and his party. The majority x of that 
party to-day, when they tik of enforcing the 
laws over seceding States, mean war; and we 
know it. There is no use in undertaking to dis- 
guise the fact, that when you say you will enforce 
the laws, that means war. We have no idea of 
violating a single right of the Government of the 
United States. We intend to declare our inde- 
pendence. We intend to resume the powers del- 
egated to the Federal Government; and we intend 
to maintain them to the best of our ability. We 
understand fully that to submit to the adminis- 
tration of the Government by your p?.rty, would 
be to submit to the destruction of our rights. We 
know that such will be the effect, though you 
may deny such to be your purpose. A man can 
trust himself when others might not be willing to 
trust him. You have more confidence in the jus- 
tice and fairness with which you will administer 
the Government than you can mduce us to believe. 
I do not say this to wound your feelings. 
I only 
say it because justice and fall' dealing demand that 
I should speak plainly. I say that our people 
believe that this Government, ad ministered by the 
Republican party, cannot be otherwise than de- 
structive of their rights; and hence we intend to 
protect ourselves against that administration. 
We do not invite your hostility, but we say it is 
our duty to be prepared to meet war if it is forced 
upon us. We will not violate the rights of any 
citizen of the United States; but we will protect 
ourselves againstany violation of our own nghts— 
mark that. What is the collection of the revenue 
whin our limits but war? What is the enforce- 
ment of thc law against the citizens• of Georgia 
and South Carolina but war? 
The gentleman from Ohio who has just taken 
his seat [Mr. SHERMAN] said that, at the North, 
they intended to write and speak their opinions 
freely and fully upon all subjects; and of course 
they inun)d to clann thc ught to have what they 
write and speak sent to any portion of the coun- 
try. Now I desire to say, in referencc to that, 
that under t.his degree of freedom of speech, 'if we 
svere to remain in the Union, we might be com- 
peiled to have sent into every hamlet in the South 
Incendiary speeches and writings, calculated to 
do us infinite harm and bring good to none. 
Mr. HOARD. I desire to call the gentleman's 
attention to the Fact that it was the right of speech 
which the göntleman from Ohio claimed, and not 
the right to circulate what he pleased. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 understand the position 
to be, to speak what they please; and of course 
they will claim the right to print and circulate 
what they please. 
Mr. HOARD. I only state what I understood 
to be the declaration of the gentleman from Ohio. 
The gentleman from Georgia has put into the 
mouth of thc gentleman from Ohio what think 
he did not say. He only said that the Repub- 
lican party would hold to their right to write and 
utter and publish the sentiments which they pro- 
fessed. He did not claim the right to circulate 
them anywhere and everywhere. 
Mr. CRAYVFORD. He said that his party 
would ••,vrite what it pleased, and publish what it 
pleased, and that those rights they never would 
surrender. Of course, they would not desire to 
Mr. GROW. If we are to'closethis debates and 
pass this Army approrriation 
that the gentleman from Georgia, should. keep 
within the timew granted to him by the courtesy 
of the House, and not allow himself to be further 
interrupted. His few minutes have extended ing) 
half an hour. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman must be 
mistaken.. 
Mr. GROW. Members speaking are not 
always aware of the time that they occupy. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 to say; and 
I would long ago have said it, if I had not been 
interrupted. The gentleman from Ohio stated that 
the people of the North would speak and write 
and print their sentiments on slavery, and all 
other questions; and that the people of the-South 
would -speak and write and print whatever..they 
saw proper. He claimed that those rights could 
not be Interfered with; but by that, as I under- 
stand him, he did not mean that he claiméd the 
right to carry any of the incendiary documents, 
spoken of by the gentleman, into the: South, or 
that he deniecfthe right of the South to prevent 
the circulation of incendiary documents within 
their limits. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 think thatl understand 
the position of the Republican party; and 1 would 
ask the gentleman from Iowa whether he would 
not feel that the Postmaster General would be 
bound to send into the southern States anything 
mailed in Boston or Buffalo, Chicago or Cincin- 
nati, whatever it might be ? 
Mr. CURTIS. we would have the right to 
have our mail matter carried in the United States 
mails; but that, sir, would not prevent a sover- 
eign State from interfering with It, so far as their 
police regulations made it necessary. The south- 
ern States would have a right to prevcnt the cir- 
culation of anything likely to produce insurrec- 
tion in their midst. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. When we did that,while 
Abraham Lincoln was President, and General 
Scott was his Lieutenant General and Secretary 
of War, you would say that your rights under 
the Constitution of the United States were denied 
to you; that the liberty of speech was suppressed; 
and that you would spili the last drop of blood in 
the Northeast and in -the Northwest to regain 
your ri hts. That is what you would say. 
Mr 8URTIS. Let me interrupt the gentleman 
for a moment. 
Mr. GROW. While 1 am willing to hear the 
gentleman from Georgia, still, sir, I am not will- 
mg to let this colloquy go on to an indefinite ex- 
I do not believe that the colloquy has any- 
thing to do with the remarks which the gentleman 
from Georgia was granted the courtesy of the 
House to submit. And again, I would call his 
attention to the time he has already consumed. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 will go on with my re- 
marks. I reiterate, Mr. Chairman, that if we 
did prevent the circulation of their documents in 
our midst•, they would then declare that we had 
violated the freedom of the press, and force us to 
permit their circulation, or submitto be overrun. 
They would insist that tbe Constitution of the 
United States secured the freedöm of' speech and 
of the press, and that it was denied to them in the 
South. Then they would declare that they would 
come upon us with their armies and their navies 
to enforce the laws. These are inevitable conclu- 
sions growing out of the positions and platforms 
of the Republican party, and,as I think, the argu- 
ment of the honorable member just submitted. 
A few more words, Mr. Chan•man, and I will 
yield the floor. Allow me to ask these northern 
men if we had eighteen slave States, and•popula- 
tion great enough to control all the Territories, a 
majority in every branch of the Government, and 
were to declare that freedom, as you use the term, 
was contrary to the laws of God and man, that it 
I was a crime, and, being the sum of all villainies, 
the Congress of the United States should declare 
the Territories to be slave Territories; that all 
the powers of the Federal Government must ye 
used to extend it, and establish it in your fifteen 
speak and publish without circulating. 
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Ohio is States, and then elect a President with two mil- 
can state my recollec- lion rnen and a hundred million of Federal patron- 
not now in his place. 
tion of what he did say, and I will do so very I age to enforce slavery upon you, would you per- 
mit such a President, representing such aparty, 
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is with the gentleman to be inaugurated, and impose upon your necks 
such a yoke, without resistance? 
from Pennsylvania to say whether shall be in- 
Mr. LOVEJOY. We have done it for years 
terrupted any further. 
