1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
459 
that class of men who desire to dismember this 
Confederacy f.Q* the purpose of reconstructing it 
and making it more Solid and enduring, and more 
valuable to all its constituent parts. 
I would as 
soon take a glass vessel and crush it to pieces in 
the vain and delusive hope of making it better 
than it ev.c•r had been, as to attempt to make a 
better Government than this, by first breaking it 
to atoms'. If my own State, acting through the 
deliberate judgment of her people, should vroceed 
to this extremity, I beg hcr, for her honor s sake; 
I beseech hei• children for their own sakes; I im- 
plore her Senators and Representatives, to have 
the manliness, after the act is done, to refuse to 
take part in any reconstruction of this Union, and 
to stand outan isolatcd nation in the world. There 
is dignity in that position, if there bc not safety. 
Tiie CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's ten min- 
utes have expired. [General cries of" Go on ! " 
GO O n 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 object. [Cries of" Oh, 
no ! ' ' and Withdraw the objection ! ' ' 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 hope the gentleman 
from Georgia will be allowed to proceed. 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from 
Georgia will be allowed to proceed, if there be no 
obiection. 
'No objection was made. 
Mr. HILL. I thank the committee, and will 
only say few words in conclusion. I desire the 
gentleman from Ohio, who has been so courteous 
t0öday, to make sorne distinct effort at concilia- 
tion; to present some plan, such an one, for ex- 
ample, as t.hat offered by the venerable Senator 
from Kentucky, about which so much has been 
said. And let me say here, that there is a vast 
amount of abstraction about this whole affair; 
the North puts too much value on mcre abstrac- 
tioms; and do not hesitate to say that I think 
thc South has also attached too much importance 
to some things of no practical value. 
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from 
gia agree to take the platform of the party with 
which ho acted during the late presidential can- 
vass—" The Union, the Constitution, and the 
enforcement of the laws ?" 
I hap- 
Mr. HILL. I understaod it very well. 
pened to be onc of the committee that made that 
platferm; or rather, that refused to makc a plat- 
form. 
Mr. DAWES. • 1 propose that you shall hold 
yourself to it now. 
Mr. HILL. If thc gentleman has seen any 
disposition upon my part to be a violator, eithm• of 
the Constitution or of the laws, he may then, 
with great propriety, insist that I shall be held 
down to rigid observance of the platform of the 
Constitutional Union party. I abide by it; but 
It is not 
it will not do as a basis of settlement. 
definite enough. We want something that will 
meet all of tbc exWencies that are presented to the 
country, and that arc rcgarded as grievances by 
the southern people. 
• 
I will ask the gentleman from Massachusetts 
if ho himself advocated the platform which he 
wishes rne now to reindorse? 
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir; every letter of the 
Constitution, every obligation of the Union, and 
every feature of the law. 
Mr. HILL. I am glad, Mr. Chairman, to hear 
the gentleman say so. I take it for granted that 
he will administer a severe rebuke to the newly 
elected Governor of Massachusetts for not con- 
currino• in those views. [Laugh ter.] 
Mr. DAWES. No State in this Union has a 
son more true to the Union, the Constitution, and 
the law, than that Governor. 
A MEMBER. This debate is all out of order. 
Mr. HI LN DMAN. I trust the gentleman from 
Massachusetts will be permitted to define his po- 
I want to hear him. 
sition. 
Mr. HILL. do not want to be drawn into 
a conflict of this kind with the gentleman from 
Massachusetts; but I join issue with him, and I 
insist that the retiring Governor of his State— 
Nathaniel P. Banks—stands before the American 
people as a better observer of the obligations of 
the Constitution of the United States—I will add, 
of the peace and happiness of the country—than 
does, in my humble judgment, his successor. 
ri'hat is, however, a Inatter of opinion. 
A MEMBER. Do you indorse Governor Banks? 
Mr. HILL. No, 1 do not; but think that 
Mr. Banks did himself great credit in his retiring 
spccch, and I am always willing to acknowledge 
merit. 
I will conclude these desultory remarks, Mr. 
Chairman, by inviting. prominent gentlemen on 
the other side of the Chambcr to consider gravely, 
as time flies, and as every moment is precious In 
the excited state of the country, whether they 
cannot, as a triumphant party, afford to be mag- 
nanimous; takc hold of this Government, and 
tender, almost at the same time, thc earnest ofa 
faithful observance of the Constitution by offer- 
ing to the southern people their indorsement of 
the propositions presented by the Senator from 
Kentucky. [Mr. CRITTENDEN.] If not, come as 
near those propositions as you can. 
Mr. HINDMAN. How near? 
Mr. HILL. We will see how near they Will 
como first. Make your apN•oaches. I state here 
that I listened with pleasure—southern gentlemen 
may be surprised, but nevertheless it is true—to 
some of the sentiments expressed the other day 
by the Senator from New York, [Mr. SEWARD,] 
because I knew that they were modifications of 
his former opinions; and to that extent they cer- 
tainly were agreeable to me. Lct other crentle- 
men here, of the samc school, go about moäifying 
their opinions. is the only proper way to 
approach a compromise. 
It may be, if you do, 
you will meet on this side of the House a corre-• 
sponding disposition. 
I-low else can you, as sen- 
Siblc men , accommodate this matter? You can do 
itin no other way. If you stand out pertinaciously 
on what yon call your national principles, or the 
principles of t!-le Republican party; and if the ultra 
and extreme men of South Carolina, and other 
southern States adhere to theirs, it is as manifest 
as that we are now enjoying daylight, [laughter, 
as the Hall was already lighted gas,] that we 
will come to no desirable end of these troublcs. 
I am 
Welt, say rather, gas light. [Laughter.] 
Clad to sce •tho House in such a good humor; but 
the question—w hethcr I can give it gravity or not— 
is, in my judgment, dcscrving of thc most serious 
I beg gentlemen to 
attention and consideration. 
regard it in all seriousness, because while we jest 
about it the great tabernacle ofour liberties, which 
we all afiöct to cherish so much, is actually being 
consumed. Let every man go to •work, and try 
to extinguish the flumes that threaten its destruc- 
tion. 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is now closed, 
and the Clerk wili proceed to read the bill by 
clauses for amendment.. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless some gentlemen de- 
sire to offer amendments to the bill, I move that 
the corntllittee rise and report. it to the I-louse. 
I have 
Mr. QUARLES. object to that. 
amendments to offer. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then, 1 propose 
that the gen tlcman from ff'cnnessee offer his amend- 
mcnts at once. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed 
to read thc bill. 
Mr. HARDEMAN. 1 move to amend, by 
striking out the eightcenth and nineteen th lines, 
as follows: 
For payment to discharged soldiers for clothing not 
drawn, $50,000. 
I offer that amendment, Mr. Chairman, in order 
to reply to a question. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is it the purpose 
of the chairman of the Committee of SY ays and 
Means t.o dispose of this bill to-night? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 should like to do so. 
This is the last of the general appropriation bills, 
and to-morrow there is a special order. 
Mr. VALLANDIGI-IAM. If the bill is not 
to be got through to-night, I would move that 
the committee do now rise. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 would state to my col- 
league that thero is nothing in this bill but the 
ordinary appropriations; and I hope it wili pass 
without objection . 
Mr. HARDEMAN. In offering this amend- 
man, as a representative-on this floor of': theep•arty 
to which he alluded, that l, for Onex, qii'll'.täke thol 
platform,as a settlement or basis of e#erycxisting 
diffculty. [Cries of G' Agreed P' from -the', Repub- 
lican side of the House. That •platform recoø- 
nizes the Constitution, t ne Union, and the laws, 
Mr. GARTRELL. Do 1 understand flic gen 
tlcman from Massachusetts to agree to that? 
Mr. DAWES. To every particle of it. .'l want 
no other platfdrm. 
Mr. GROW. 1 rise to point of order. we 
may as well begin the five minutes' discussion 
understandingly. The rule permits a gentleman 
who offers an amendment to have five minutes to 
explain, and allows any other gentleman five 
minutes to oppose it. Now, I make the point of 
order that gentlemen shall be confined to their 
amendments. Next week this whole debate will 
be up again, and gentlemen can discuss the matter 
as much as they choose. 
• The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn- 
syl vania states the rule correctly. The gentleman 
from Georgia must confine himself to his amend- 
ment. 
Mr. HARDEMAN. 1 will do so thus. 
in Georgia who are expecting to secede, will be 
considered as one of these discharged soldiers; 
but before we are discharged, we want to -state 
the grounds on which we think we are entitled to 
an honorablc discharge—[\aughter]—that is, be- 
cause our platform has not been recognized by 
the gentlemen of the opposite party. That plat* 
form recognizes the Supreme Court as the tribunal 
that interprets the laws of the land. That Su- 
preme Court has decided that the people of the 
South have a right to carry slaves into the Terri- 
tories of the United States. Therefore, as one 
of the discharged soldiers, I say that we are will- 
ing to take the Bell and Everett' platform as a 
basis of settlement for the existing diffculties. 
[Here the hammer fell.] 
The question beingon Mr. HARDEMAN'S amend- 
ment, 
Mr. HARDEMAN asked leave to withdraw it. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. lobject to its with- 
I want a vote on the amendment after 
drawal. 
tl'lat argument. [Laugh tcr.] 
T hc amendment was not agreed to. 
Mr. FLORENCE moved to amend line one 
hundred and sixteen, by adding, aftcr the words 
garnson purposes," 
as follows: 
'l'o enable the Secretary of War—if he may consider 
it for the advantage, of the Government to do so, under tho 
supervision of or through the aid ot- the officers having in 
charge the quartermaster's, ordnance, or enalneer's depart- 
ment, or any other head of any or either of the Executive 
Departments of the Government—to test the practicability, 
utility, and econo:ny. of a eonibined wrought and cast-iron 
wheel, for use upon transportation wacrons and other sim- 
ilar vehicles, or upon gun carriages adapted for artillery 
use, or other purposes, as they in their discretion may de- 
termine, and to bc subject to their selection." 
Before the reading of tho amendment was com- 
pleted, 
Mr. SHERMAN said: There has been enough 
of that amendment read to show its character, 
and I submit that it is out of order. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the 
point of order. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Let the amendment be 
read. It will show for itself that it is in order. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairis of the opin- 
ion that it changes the existing law. 
Mr. FLORENCE. It not change exist- 
ing law. It is for an economical purpose, to en- 
abje tho Secretary of War to make experiments 
which, in my opmion, will save the Government 
millions of dollars. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that 
flie point of order is not debatable. Enough of 
the amendment .has been read to show that it 
chancycs existing law. 
Mr. FLORENCE. It does not change theiaw. 
The CHAIRMAN. If it does not, it is not ne- 
cessary. [Lauzh ter.] 
Mr. FLORENCE. very well, 1 the 
mcnt, I mcrcly desire to reply to a question asked i ruling of thc Chair; but I ask that the amendment 
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. I may be inserted in the official report, and gentle- 
men will see, when they come to read it*to-mor- 
DAWES,] which was this 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest row, that I have stated Its effect correctly: 
I to the from Georgia that he Mr. BOTELER. 1 to amend 
hundred and forty-eighth linc by striking out 
to his amendment. 
Mr. HARDEMAN. Yes, sir; 1 will speak to Thepara- 
I the amendment before f close—when I get to that I 
graph would then read: 
For -tho Inanui'acture of arms at the national armories, 
point. This is a wayward subject' we are on. 
svish to state distinctly to the honorable gentle- • $400,000. 
