1861. 
not cövcr the deficiencies in the appropriations 
which have been made, for this purpose, if we run 
rn 1855-56, 
through the last half dozen years. 
the Government having adopted a new model, 
In 1856—57, there 
there was no appropriation. 
wasasmallappropriation of$250,000. In 1857—58, 
when the model became established, there x,vas an 
appropriation of $400,000. At that time that was 
considered necessary in order to make up the de- 
ficiency in the appropriations white the new model 
was brought to perfection. 
From 1858 up to the present time, in conse- 
quence of the embarrassed condition of the Treas- 
ury, Congress hag cut down the Secretary's esti- 
mates from $400,000 to #250,000, so that, if Nuve 
are to make up this deficiency, wc should add the 
present year $300,000, which would increasc the. 
appropriation bcy(jnd the surn which the gentle- 
man from kowa [Mr. CU.RTISI named in his amend- 
men t. We have actually, for the last two years, 
been working upon an appropriation of $250,000, 
when, two years ago, the Secretary of War 
estimated tl-ne appropriation for this purpose at 
$400,000. If, then, 
there were nothing in the 
present state of the times to require an increase of 
appropriatiot, and if we were merely intent. upon 
making up the deficiency of the last few years, 
it would be due to the armories of the country 
that we should add $300,000 to make up the dimin- 
ished appropriations of the last two years. The 
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means 
speaks of the Secretary of War. I confess that I 
do not know whom the chairman means by the 
Secretary of War. He says the Secretary of War 
says we can get along with this sum. If he refers 
to the estimates sent us by the late Secretary of 
War, I must confess that, to my mind, that is 
not a satisfactory statement of what should be 
estimated, when we see and know how that de- 
partment of the service has been managed within 
the last year. 
[Here the hmumer fell.] 
Mr. STANTON. rl'he way in which I under- 
stand the question is briefly this: the armories 
have a capacity to work hands which will exhaust 
the sum of $400,000 per annum. They have not 
the means and appliances work up and use, in 
It is no mat- 
the eurse ofa year, a larger sum. 
ter, therefore, what may have been the failure to 
make appropriations in the past year; and you 
cannot, by supplying the deficiency, add anything 
to the annual products of the armories in the 
coming year. At the instance of the gentleman 
from Massachusetts, u communication was sent 
to the War Department requesting* information 
as to the capacity of tl')e armories; and the answer 
conveyed to us the iriformation that the armo- 
ries could work up, with their present capacity, 
$400,000 per anuum, and no more. Then it mat- 
ters not what is the deficiency of appropriations 
in past years, or what the surplus. You cannot 
increase the amount of manufacture beyond the 
capacity of production of the armories. Hence, 
it IS of no use to appropriate more than 
It would answer no useful purpose, and hence I 
propose that the appropriation shall remain at 
As to repairs, I suppose they can be dispensed 
with in the present embarrassed condition of the 
Treasury. know that the Secretary of War 
says that the buildings at the Springfield armory 
ought to be replaced by larger and more commo- 
dious ones. But apprehend that the House will 
not} in the present condition of the country, au- 
thorize the tearing down and rebuilding of the 
Sprintrfield armory. 
Mr. DELANO. 1 desire to know of the gen- 
tleman frot•n Ohio, whether he has any informa- 
tion froin the Department as to the capacity of the 
arm ones? Aiso, whether he does not know that 
they can manufacture forty thousand muskets per 
vcar, whereas they have, during the last few years, , 
manufacturincr only eighteen thousand? I 
do not know who communicated to him the in- 
formation of which he speaks; but I know this— 
and i can show it from the debates of last year— 
that. the Senator from Mississippi, who is as 
far.ni!iar with the necessities and wants of this ser- 
vice as any man, said that the present working 
capacity of the two armories is equal to the man- 
ufactu re of forty thousand stand of arms per year, 
whereas, at the present time, they manufacture 
only eig!lteen thousand. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Mr. STANTON made a reply as to the source 
of his information, which was entirely inaudible 
to the reporters. 
Mr. HILL. I know enough of the nature of 
the amendments which will be offered to this bill 
to satisfy me that we should not dispose of it to- 
night; and, therefore, I move that the committee 
rise. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope not. we are within 
a few sections of the end of the bill already. 
Mr. HILL. I withdraw my motion. 
Mr. BURNETT. I am ready to vote upon all 
amendments which may be offered to the bill, arid 
I am anxious to get through with it; but if this 
debate is to be continued, I say let us rise". 
The amendment of Mr. DELANO was not agreed 
to. 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 strike 
one hundred and eighty-four and one hundred 
and eighty-six inclusive, as follows: 
For continuinz the survey of the northern and north- 
western lakes, including Lake Superior, $75,000." 
I see that this work is estimated for by the 
Department; but the estimate was made in No- 
vember last, and I presume that w heri the esti- 
mate was made, the present contingency of the 
country was not upon us. The Treasury is now 
bankrupt, and we are borrowing money at twelve 
Der cent. interest. Now, this work is not actu- 
ally necessary for the purposes of the Army. It 
is a mere survey of a lake, which may be made at 
some other time as well as the present. We would 
all like *o have the information which this survey 
vvrill give us; but it is not actually necessary to 
the efficiency of the Army; and I propose to strike 
out the $75,000. I think wherever we can pos- 
si bly retrench our expenditures in the present 
financial condition of the country, we ought to 
do so; and this is one of the cases where we can 
It will not take away a single dol- 
safcly do it. 
lar from the actual troops; and it will not dimln- 
ish the efficiency of the corps at all. My amend- 
ment will only suspend this work for the time 
being, and until we are in better condition for 
prosecuting the work. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Thegentleman 
seems to be under a total misapprehension of the 
character of the great work which is going on. 
The whole of the lakes are being surveyed, and 
the work has been prosecuted for several years. 
This work is under the direction of the War De- 
it have 
partment; and hence appropriations for 
always been made in the Army bill. The gentle- 
man, in opposing the appropriation, speaks of the 
financial embarrassments of the Government. 
'1' he gentleman ought to know that there is a large 
amount of material on hand for the prosecution 
of thk work, which it is good economy, to say 
the least, to keep ernployekl. Two steamers are 
employed all the while, and there are materials 
enough to carry on the work; and to suspend the 
work would be ••.vou•se than paying twenty-five per 
cent. for Inoney to carry it on. The necessity for 
its completion is the stune as that of the Coust 
Survey. The work has always been prosecuted 
with great economy, and at a much cheaper rate 
than all y other work of the kind. We cannot 
suspend it without tying up these steamers to 
rot; and it would cost more to resume the work 
than to go on with it now. 
The amendtnent of Mr. QUARLES was not 
agreed to. 
Mr. JENKINS. 1 desire to offer the 
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill: 
Provided, That no part of any o? the foregoing appropria- 
tious shall be. expended directly or indirectly iOr the pur- 
pose of recapturi ng any {Orbs, arsenals, navy -yards, or other 
property of like description in possession ot• any States 
which have seceded, or may hereafter secede, from this 
Confederacy. 
By the unanimous consent of the committee, 1 
will consent to have a vote taken u pon this amend- 
ment in the House, and will not discuss it here. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I ana perfectly willing. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 object. 1 want it discussed. 
Mr. JENKINS. vel•y well. 1 have a word or 
I desire to say that this 
two to sty about it. 
amendment is not offered as a pretext for sayin(T 
anything; but in goog faith, and with a desire to 
procure a practical amendment to the bill before 
I think it is nothing morc than 
the committee. 
Ways and Means, who reported be 
sidered as a eontext. And 
a context, I remember distinctly that 'he declared 
that this bill was for the ordinary purpoées bfthU 
Government, and for the recapture of the forts 
and arsenalS, and other property of that 
tion, within the limits of the seceding States. 71f 
I do the gentleman injustice in my statement; 1 
hope he will correct me. 
Mr. SHERMAN. For the defense ofthe prop. 
erty of the Unitcd States, and for the recovery of 
that which is unlawfully withheld. 
Mr. JENKINS. Then 1 understand the gen- 
tleman to mean to recover it by military force, as 
this is a military bill. That, sir, is -precisely the 
remark to which I alluded. Now, have to say 
that this bill, construed by the context of the gen- 
tleman's remark, is nothing more or less than a 
force bill; and its purpose nothing more or less 
than to put into practical execution the plan of 
asserting military supremacy Over thc States 
which have seceded from this Confederacy. This 
bill means war upon thoäe States; and It means 
nothing else; and I appeal to every member upon 
this floor from the slaveholding States, when this 
bill shall be reported to the House, and shall be 
voted upon, to know if any one of them will give 
his vote for a bill upon which the construction 
has been'" fixed which I have mentioned, by the 
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means, 
who reported it. 
Now, sir, I have one other remark to make, 
and then I shall have done. When the gentleman 
who reported this bill was declaiming so elo- 
quent!y for peace—that is, peace from the South 
towards the North—he should have remembered 
that the very proposition which he interpolated 
into his remarks of using the funds appropriated 
by this bill for the purpose of recovermg, by mil- 
itary force, the occupancy of, the forts and arse- 
nals in the seceding Statcs, was of itself a- propo- 
sition which , ifmain tained by the dominantsectzon 
of the Confederacy: would dissolve the Union and 
dismember the Republic, if there was no other 
question of dispute between us. If we are to un- 
derstand that, at ariy time hereafter, under any 
circumstances, however pressing the emergency, 
or however gréat the necessity, no portion of the 
States of this Confederacy, however many they 
may be in nurhbcr, shall be allowed quietly to act 
upon the great principlc of self-government and 
confederate together, but that the strong arm of 
the Army and Navy will be used by the-old Gov- 
ernmentto bring them into subjection—I say even 
if the slavery question were dead to-day, the fact 
that the dominant section stand upon a proposi- 
tion of that sort, and are ready hereafter at any 
time to put it into execution, is enough to make 
any southern rnan desire to get out of the Con- 
federacy as soon as possible. 
Mr. CURTIS. I am hcrc a Representative of 
thie United States—that is, I am Representative 
of a certain district in the State of Iowa, im the 
United States—and while I am in the United 
States, I expect to stand up, by all honorable 
means, for the honor, the safety, and the 
tuity of the whole of the United States, North and 
South. When the forts of the Government are 
taken by lawless mobs, I deem it my duty to 
vote, for their recovery. I will do It if they bc by 
a large force, or by a State, or by a section of 
I would adopt every means of concilia- 
States. 
lion, exhaust all other means, before I would re- 
sort to force; but, as a Representative of the 
U yfited States, I could never consent to vote for 
a proposition like that ndw offered by the gentle- 
man from Virginia. Why, sir, we have pur- 
chased angles df this contment in view of their 
defensive positions. We have atternpted to round 
of-T this great continent, so to speak, not for the 
purpose of establishing nev•.7 States, but for the 
purpose of defending States which already formed 
a portion of this great Confederacy. One of these 
salient points is the Florida reef; it is like the 
It defends the whole of the 
bastion of a fortress. 
Gulf of Mexico. Florida '.vas purchased by the 
United States for defensive purposes, and we paid 
$5,000,000 for it. Does the gentleman from Vir- 
ginia, as a statesman, pretend to establish the idea 
here that Florida, as a State, can but of the 
Union, and we thereby lose our $5,000,000 and 
our defensive point also? Suppose sure purchase 
fair that, for the purpose of construing this bill, 
the remarks of the chairman of the Committee of il Cuba—a circumstance which may happen some 
