1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
discharging his duties,.it will be an act of war, 
which the Goyernment may use the military and 
naval forces in repelling. 
Mr. DAMTES. I offer the following amend- 
ment to the amendment: 
Strike out the amendment, and insert, in lieu thereof, as 
follows : 
That it is the duty of the President to so use the appro- 
priations herein Inadc as to protect the flag of the country, 
and regain and detOnd the possession of the forts, arsenals, 
and other property of the United States. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Irise to a point of order. 
I thihk that amendment is out of order. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the 
amendment to be out of order. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee 
rise and report the bill to the House. 
The motion was acrreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having 
resumed the chair, Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, 
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the 
State of the Union had, according to order, had 
the Union generally under Consideration, and I 
particularly the bill of the House making appro- 
priations fbr the support of the Army, for the 
year ending the 30th June, 1862, and had directed 
him to report the same back to the House, with 
an mnendment, in which he asked the concurrence 
of the House. 
Mr. Sf-lERl\/IAN moved the previous question 
upon the bill. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered to be put. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. ask the unani- 
mous consent of the House that a certain bill, re- 
ported on adversely by the Committee on Com- 
merce, rnay be referred back to that committee. 
No objection being madc, the order was criven. 
JOHN WILSON. 
Mr. HUTCHINS, by unanimous consent, 
ported, from the Committee of Claims, a joint 
resolution for the relief of John -Wilson; which 
was read a first and second tipne, referred to a 
Conn-nittee of the Whole. House, and, witl'k the 
accompanying report, ordered to be printed. 
And then, on motion of Mr. BURNETT, (at 
ten minutes to six o'clock, p. m. , ) the House 
adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
SATURDAY, January 19, 1861. 
Prayer bv the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Jouönal of yesterday ',vas read. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. I Wish to move to correct 
thc Journal. •I yesterday presentcd a petition from 
citizens of Rockaway, Morris county, New Jer- 
sey; and I also presen ted certain resolutions 
passed by a public meeting at Trenton. If I heard 
the Journal correctly, it states that the petition 
came from citizens of Tren ton , and the resolutions 
from public meeting at Rockaway. As the pe- 
tition and resolutions refer to separate and distinct 
matters, I make a motion that the Journal be cor- 
rected in that respect. 
The Secretary read the following portion of the 
Journal: 
Mr. 'TEN EYCK presented a memorial of citizens of' New 
Jersey, praying that a nationai convention may be held at 
Independence Hall, Philadelphia, on 4th of March next, 
to promote the general welfare and restore peace and har- 
mony to the cotintry ; which was referred to the Connnit- 
tee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. TES EYCK presented resolutions adopted by a )neet- 
ing of citizens of Rockaway, New Jersey, in relation to the 
present disturbed condition of the country. 
Ordered, That they lie on the table." 
Mr. TEN EYCK. It should be Trenton in- 
stead of Rockawa 
The VICE PRBIDENT. The Journal will 
be so corrected. 
The Journal was then approved. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. THOMSON. 1 present three memorials, 
very numerously and most respectably signed by 
citizens of the State of Jersey without re- 
gard to past political or party attachments, in 
favor of a national convention, to Tbd held in In- 
dependence Hall, in the city of Philadelphia, to 
promote the general welfare, to devise and adopt 
such tneasures as may tend to restore peace and 
harmony, and to restore to each State and section 
of the Union those rio•hts, privileges, and immu- 
nities, to which they are justly entitled. I ask 
that these memorials be laid on the table. 
The memorials were ordered to lic on the table. 
Mr. THOMSON also presented a petition of 
soldiers of the of 1812, dated at Dreehold, 
New Jersey , praying that pensions may be gran ted 
to the surviving soldiers of that. war, and to the 
widows of thdse deceased; which was referred 
to the Committee on Pensions. 
He also presented resolutions passed ata meet- 
ing of citizens at Trenton, New Jersey, held on 
the 15th of January, 1861, relative to the disturbed 
condition of the country; which were ordered to 
lie on the table. 
He also presented proceedings of a meetmg of 
mechanics and workingmen of Newark, New 
Jersey,•held on the 9th of January, 1861, i» favor 
of the adoption of the compromise measures pro- 
posed by Hon. J. J, CRITTENDEN', which were 
ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented a 
petition of citizens of Ashley county, Arkunsas, 
praying the confirmation of titles to all lands in 
township nineteen, range nine west, that havc 
been heretofore entered in good faith, and for 
which patents have been issued, and certificates 
for patents; 'Which was referred to the Committee 
on Public Lands. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I present the petition of 
M/. C. Jewett, of Pike's Peak, protesting against 
thc passage of a bili for u national railroad com- 
pan y, on the ground that the Union question is 
and setting forth the injustice of in- 
paramount; 
curring a debt of $100,000,000 in the midst of a 
revolution, because the road will be of no use if 
the Union be broken up. 
The petition was ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of John 
Mini, of Ph iladclphia , prayinc-y an extension of his 
for the invention of a mode of • burn- 
Ing lamp-black; which was referred to the Com- 
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office. 
Ho also presented a petition of citizens of Dan- 
Ville, Pennsylvania, praying the adoption of the 
compromise measures proposed by Hon. J. J. 
which was ordered to lie on the 
table. 
li'lr. LATHAM presented a petition of John 
Fischer, and others, residents of Anaheim and its 
vicinity r, in the county of Los Angelos, Califor- 
nia, praying the establishment ofa post route by 
land between the towns of Los Angclos and San 
Diego, through the towns of Los Nietos, Anaheim, 
and San Juan Capist.rano; which was referred to 
the Committee on lhc Post Office and Post Roads. 
Mr. POLK. I requested by the president 
ofa meeting held in th€ city of St. Louis, on the 
8th of January, 1861, to present the resolutions 
there adopted. If it be proper that such resolutions 
should bc presented to the Senate, on the request 
of tlie presiding ofhccr of the meeting, I submit 
them, and ask that they lie on the table. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions 
are not in the form ofa memorial. 'The question 
was raised the other day in the Senate as to the 
propriety of receiving resolutions of public meet- 
at that time it was decided adversely by 
the Senate. 
Mr. SEWARD. What arc resolutions? 
N'ir. POLK. They are resolutions of a meet- 
ing held on the state of the Union; and I will 
state that they express thcir willingness to adjust 
the difficulties on the basis of the Crittenden com- 
promise. That is the substance of them. I will 
state, before the Senator from New York PPO- 
ceeds, that I did not distinctly catch the prece- 
dent that was set by the Senate in a case similar 
to this the other day, on a presentation of similar 
resolutions by the junior Senator from the State 
of Kentucky. My impression was that thc res- 
olutions then presented yvere received and laid on 
the table. 
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. I 
1850, and the question about receiving proc.oed- 
ings of public meetings was then discussed; and I I 
think it was settled in this way: that if the pro- 
ceedings of the meeting were in favor of the views 
of a majority of the Senate, they ought to be re- 
ceived; and If they were adverse, they ought not 
1 think that has been the law of 
to be received. 
the Senate; but as it is not yet ascertained, tyre 
motion for reconsideration lying on the table, 
that thcsc views tvree vv•ith those of a majority of 
the Senate, I am inclined to think the best way 
is to continue the old practice, and receive the 
proceedings of all respectable publig assemblies, 
and lay them upon the table,' or give-them a ref- 
erence, as may be thought proper: ? I- hope-timt 
will be done now. It something for. men -to. 
petition, and very proper. that they should* be 
heard. 
Mr. POLK. I will state, in .refetehce toq one. k 
adjective the Senator used in regard to- this; meet- 
ing, that I am satisfied it Nas one of -the largest 
that hus ever been holden in the State of Mis- 
souri. It was held in the city of St. Louis, where 
I there is population of upwards of one hundred 
and sixty thousand, and held in -thé day time, 
when the men who attended had to make, some 
sacrifice order to do so. As to their respecta- 
bility, I can say, that the offcers of the meeting, 
who are personally known to me, are gentlemen 
of the highest respectability in the community, 
and as respectable as can be found anywhere. 
Mr. SEWARD. I hope they will be received, 
Mr. HALE. I do net liker to let this thing go 
in this way, because my recollection is entirely 
different from that of the Senator from New York, 
I was hére in 1850, and 1 have been here When 
such resolutions have been presented, and the 
ground hås been taken over and over again; that 
. it was not proper for the Senate to lumber its files 
with the proceedings of meetings all over the coun- 
try, that were not addressed to the Senate, what- 
ever might be their character. 
I took exception 
the other day to those presented by the honora- 
ble Senator from Kentucky, and the Senate re- 
fused to receive them, not from any want of cour- 
tesy or respect to the meeting or the members of 
it, or the sentiments expressed; but because the 
files of the Senate are not the proper piace where 
the reports of meetings all over the country should 
be piled up. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the resolu- 
tions be received, and -lie on the table? 
The question was decided in the negative. 
WEST POINT ACADEMY. 
Mr. FOOT. I ask. leave to introduce a bill for 
the reorganization of the United States Military, 
Academy at West Point. 
I will state that this 
bill has been prepared by the West Point Com- 
mission instituted at the last session of Congress. 
I ask that it have its first and second reading, be 
printed, and go, upon the Calendar. After it shall 
have been printed, if any member of the Senate 
desires its reference to the Committee on Military 
Affairs, I shall interpose no objection. 
Leavc was granted; and the bill (S. No. 540) 
for the reorganization of the United States Mili- 
täry Academy at West Point, was read twice by 
its title. 
Mr. MASON. 1 take it for granted that bilk 
should go to a committee. 
It is one of great im- 
portance. 
Mr. FOOT. I stated that after it shall have 
been printed, I shall have no objection to that. 
The bill was ordered to be printed. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Vermont moves that the bill be placed on the 
Calendar. 
Mr. FOOT. For the time being; but after •it 
shall have been printed, it can be referred, if that 
be desired. 
Mr. MASON. A bill on the Calendar is for 
consideration. I sec no reason why it should not 
go to the committee at once. have no doubt the 
Senator would be willing to do what he says; 
but if it be placed on the Calendar, the fact that 
it has not been referred may escape observation. 
It is very common to move to refer and print at 
the same time. Let it be printed and referred. 
Mr. FOOT. 1 will not resist. 
Mr. MASON. I move its reference to the Com- 
mittec on Military Affairs and Militia, 
The motion was agreed to. 
GUN BOATS. 
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to offer a resolution, 
to which I presume there will be no objection; 
and I therefore ask for its immediate considera- 
Resotved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is 
hereby, directed to furnish to the Senate a detailed estimate 
of the expense of building and equipping a steel or iron 
cascd gun-boat of the capacity and arnxament of the United 
States gun-boat Iroquois. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceedéd 
to consider the resolution. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 to the Senator from 
Iowa to put the resolution in the usual, form—to 
request," instead of direct. " 
