464 
Mr. GRIMES. I understand it to be- in the 
usual form. There have been several debates on 
this question, since I have been a member of the 
body,- as -to what was the proper mode of address- 
I believe it has 
ing the executive department. 
been the uniform opinion that it should be " di- 
récted" when it relates to one of the Secretaries, 
and " requested" when it relates to the President. 
The resolution was adopted. 
PORT on CHARLESTON. 
Mr. SUMNER. 1 ask the Senate to take 
up the resolution which I offered yesterday. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Setate pro• 
ceeded to consider the following resolution, and 
it-was agreed to: 
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re- 
quested, if not incompatible with the public interests, to 
furnish to the Senate a copy of recent correspondence 
between the Department of Statc and any 'ninisters of for- 
eign Powcrs at Washington, with retorcnce to foreign 
vessels in th•e port of Charleston. 
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. HAYS, Chief Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed the following bills and joint 
resolution; in which the concurrence of the Sen- 
ate was requested: 
A bill (No. 833) for the relief of Eben Adams; 
A bill (No. 899) making appropriations for the 
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th 
of June, 1862; 
A bill (No. 275) for the relief of the children 
of Lieutenant Nathanie.l Smith, deceased ; 
A bill (No. 299) for the payment of expenses 
incurred in the suppression of Indian hostilities in 
California; and 
A joint resolution (No. 51) repealing a joint 
resolution relating to the claim of George Fisher, 
late of Florida, deceased, approved June 1, 1860. 
PUBLIC PRINTING. 
Mr. SLIDELL. I hold in my hand a resolu- 
tion which I intended to offer the other day, ex- 
pressing Lhc dissent of the Senate from the doc- 
trines enunciated by the President in his message, 
think of the 16th Instant, in response to accrtain 
msolution of inquiry presented by me. The Ines- 
save was sent to the Public Printer three days 
since, and I ask the attention of the chairman of 
the Committee on Public Printing to that fact. 
is a very short document; and yet the Pablic 
Printer has neglected to send it to the Senate. 
I think some inquiry ought to be made into the 
circumstances of the case, and the reason why his 
duty is not more promptly discharged. It is a 
sh&tt document; it was sent to the Public Printer 
three days acro, and lhave not been able to obtain 
u copy, so that I nlight. peruse the President's 
I do not 
message with the attention it deserves. • 
know what is the proper course to bc taken. 
Mr. FITCH. 
know of no reason why it 
should be delayed. Perhaps othcr public printing 
assure the Senator that 
may have delayed it. 
inquiry will be made to-day into the cause of the 
SUSPENSION OF LAWS IN SECEDING STATES. 
Mr. MASON. I ask leave to offer a resolution, 
and ask that it be printed and laid on the table, 
with the intention of calking it up hereafter. 
not mean to make a speech. It is a resolution 
that is intended to meet onc of the exi(rencies. that 
has arisen in the present condition of public af- 
fairs; and which, in my judginent, is thc best cal- 
culatcd to avert that civil war which seems to bc 
impending. I ask that it bc read and printed. 
The joint resolution (S. No. 60) in relation to 
a suspension of certain laws in States separating 
froin the Union, was read the first time. 
Mr. MASON. I do not cntcrtaina doubt my- 
self of the perfect and unquestioned right of any 
State in this Union, in the exercise of its own 
discretion alone, upon its own responsibility, to 
separate itself from the United States. 
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will allow me, is 
this resolution underconsideration ? 
Mr. MASON. 1 offer it. 
I do not mean to 
discuss it; but only to account for the. phraseol- 
Off y . 
Mr. HALE. I want it to lie over. 
Mr. MASON. I do not ask its present consid- 
eration, but only to put myself richt in reference 
to the language used in it. 
Mr. HALE. No objection. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 19. 
Mr. MASON. - But really desiring, as far as I 
can, to be instrumental in averting what seems to 
be civil war from the use of force 
under the existing law—I have endeavored, in the 
language of the resolution , to avoid as many points 
of controversy as would be likely to arise by the 
expression of the sense of Congress upon the act 
of separation. I have therefore only recited it as 
a declaration on the part of South Carolina. I 
move that the resolution be printed 
The motion was agreed to. 
MITCHELL AND RAMMILSBURG AND OTHERS. 
Mr. PUGH. 1 move to take up House bill 
No. 428, directing the Secretary of the Interior 
to liquidate the accounts of Mitchell & Rammils- 
burg and Baker & Von Phul. 
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was 
considered as in Committee of the Whole. 
proposes to require the Secretary of the Interior 
to pay to Mitchell & Rammilsburg, their survivor 
or lawful assiffnee, for furnishing thc United States 
court-rooms in Cincinnati, Ohio, #552 17, in full 
of their claim against the Government; and to 
Baker & Von Phul, their survivor or assignee, 
$161 20, in full o' their account against the Gov- 
ernment for furniture for the same court-room, 
and all other claims. 
The bill was reported to the Senate without 
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. 
Mr. KING. I ask if there is a report in that 
case, that we may know what the bill is about? 
Mr. PUGH. There was probably a report in 
the House of Representatives, which the Secre- 
tary can read. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a small account, 
amounting to about six hundred dollars in all, for 
furnisliing the court-rooms at Cincinnati, '.vhich 
was befox:c the Judiciary Committee; and I think 
it is substantially right. 
Mr. KING. I I'lave no objection to tho bill. I 
simply desired to kilow something about it, bc- 
cause iridefinite bills always have more in them 
than appears. 
I can explain. The accounts 
Mr. PUGH. 
have bccn audited 
N.'lr. KING. I waive the call for the reading of 
the report. 
The bill •vas read the third time, and passed. 
RAFT OF RED RIVER. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
mission of the Senate to take upa joint resolution 
relatinry to the Red river raft, in Arkansas, which 
has passed the House of Representatives, and put 
it on its passage. 
The joint .resolution (H. R. No. 43) giving the 
assent•of Congress to certain acts passed, or to be 
passed, bv the Legislatures of Arkansas, Louis- 
lana, and "Texas, or any two of them, in relation 
to thc raft of Red rivqr, and for other purposes, 
was read by its title. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 trust that will not be 
taken up. It involves very important principles, 
and we l'Äavc a special order at. one, o'clock. I feel 
quite. sure thnt this joint resolution can hardly 
pass between now and one o'clock. It involves 
the question of the collection of tonnage duties on 
the western waters, and I hope we shall not go 
into the consideration of so important a suuject 
during the morning hour. 
I wish to say, 
Mr. JOHNSON , of Arkansas. 
as •the Senator opposes the taking up of this joint 
resolution, that I concur with him entirely in the 
idca that it cannot be passed by one o'clock. 
have no idea and no l')ope that the rosolution will I 
pass by ()Vie o'clock, if thc Senator seeks to make 
It an object of serious opposition; but I will state 
to the Senate that this resolution passed this body 
at a previous session of Congress—the Congress 
before this—and was sent to the House of Rep- 
resentatives, Mthere it failed to receive consider- 
ation, and of course fell by the expiration of the 
Congress. Now, however, it has passed -the 
House of Rcpresentatives and come to this body, 
and now it meets this opposition. I cannot but 
think that the Senator from Illinois is somewhat 
in error in regard to the principles upon which 
he relies, and which induce him to oppose it. 
There are none concerned in this matter other 
than those who live above, below, and around the 
raft of Red river. There are not less than fifty i 
thousand pcople above that raft who areconstant 
sufferers in consequence of this obstruction. They 
have been petitioning Congress for forty or fifty 
years for its removal, and Congress has appro- 
priated from time to time, thousands and hundreds 
of thousands of dollars to remove the Red river 
raft. These people, however, have now given up 
all hope „that Congress ever will do anything ade- 
quate to relieve them in the preruises. 
In this 
condition, compelled to look to themselves alone 
for any hope whatever, they have proposed that 
the Legislatures of their own States may be au- 
thorized to provide companies, so that the citizens, 
with their own means, may proceed to remove the 
raft and relieve themselves from the worst incubus 
there is on any people in any State within the 
whole United States; and still the Senator from 
Illinois, for some slight cause, that cannot but 
believe is utterly unreasonable, and is entirely 
without any real foundation, pertinaciously op- 
poses this measure; and this is not the first time 
he has done it. 
Those who live above that raft cannot receive 
a barrel of flour without a tax of five dollars upon 
it. They cannot secure its transportation thirty 
or forty miles without a tax of five dollars a bar- 
rel for freight; and everything else is in propor- 
tion. I simply name that one article as being one 
in regard to which the unreasonable character of 
the charge will be easily understood by every 
mem ber here. The whole cost of thc barrel itself 
would only be about five dollars, ordinarily, and 
absolutely the cost of transporting it some t•wen- 
ty-five or thirty miles comes to some five dollars 
more. There. is no such thing as getting articles 
that are of any weight for less than double the 
real value of the articles themselves, on account 
of the increased price of transportation; still, the 
Senator from Illinois is averse to taking up this 
measure, wh ich simply authorizes the States them- 
selves to form companies, and allow the people 
out of their own pockets to pay for, govern, and 
direct the removal of that raft, and give them an 
opportunity to bring in and carry out produce 
such as their necessities require. 
I think that the. opposition to this measure is 
I of the most unreasonable character that I ever 
knew. I hope the Senate vv'ill take up the joint 
resolution, and dispose of it. I have With patience 
sat here and listened to others, and have allowed 
the time to be devoted to other matters, hoping 
and supposing that, the Senate would at some time 
give Ine an opportunity of taking up this joint 
I ask the per- resolution, and having it disposed of. I ask the 
I Senate to consider it and dispose of it; cither kill 
it at once, and tell these people that they shall 
continue to suffer, or give them relief, and let them 
out of their own pockets pay the expense of the 
improvement. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would ask the Senator from 
Arkansas whether, if we take up this joint reso- 
lution now, he will waive it in case it shall not be 
disposed of by the tillie the special order shall be 
called up? 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Exactly. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then 1 hope we may take 
it up not.v, and proceed with it until that time, at 
least. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, 1 am not 
opposing this proposition, as the Senator from 
Arkansas would sccm to suppose, from any feel- 
ing I have in regard to the particular measure at 
all. But it involves, in my judgment, constitu- 
tional principles of some importance. I do not 
believe that we have authority to pass such a bill. 
I do not think we have authority to grant this 
power in advance. I will not go into a discussion 
of the provisions of this bill now; but I think it 
conflicts with the Constitution; it certainly in- 
volves very important constitutional questions. I 
have no objection to taking it up at any proper 
time. I am entirely willing, so far as I am con- 
cerned, that the Senator from Arkansas shall name 
some day to take it up, when we can have time 
to investigate it and discuss it; but to call upa bill 
of this importance in the morning hour, when we 
have but twelve minutes to act upon it, would 
manifestly Amount to nothing; and f. woul(l sug- 
gest, as the Senator from Arkansas seems to think 
that I have some design in keeping this bill back, 
that hc name his time—I do not care when it is— 
so that we may know that it is coming up, and 
there will be sufficient time to consider it. Then, 
if the Senate understands that it is to come up, I 
presume Senators will comc prepared to discuss 
It, if they think proper to do so, or to vote upon 
