CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,. D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
it without discussion. The•only reason I had for 
objecting to its coming up now• was the one which 
I suggested, that there is very little time to con- 
sider it; and I am not prepared myself at this mo- 
ment to discuss it. I do not know that I shall do 
so at any length at any time; but I should desire 
to state briefly, at any rate, unless some other 
Senator does it, what regard to be fatal objec- 
tions to this bill. 
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from Ark- 
ansas will consent to fix a day for the consider- 
ation of the bill. W c have not timc certainly 
now. I would suggest that it be put off until some 
day next week—say Thursday, at half past twelve 
o'clock. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the Senate 
will make it a special order for that time, I will 
assent to it. 
Mr. T,VILSON. 1 am in favor of this biU. 
believe it to be a righteous measure, one that 
ought to pass Congress, and I am in favor of 
taking it up and considerin« it at thc earliest day; 
and I move that Thursday next, at half past 
twelve o'clock, be assigned for its consideration. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 should be 
glad to inquire whether a subsequent special 
order at one o'clock would cut it off? Would an 
order made after this for Thursday next, at one 
o 'clock, cut off the consideration of this bill when 
that hour arrived on that day ? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would 
havp to call ug.) the special order for one o'clock, 
at that hour. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suggest, then, that the Sen- 
ator from Massachusetts fix it at one o'clock. 
I move that it 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
be fixed at one o'clock on Thursday next. 
Mr. WILSON. very well. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. • It is moved and 
seconded that the joint resolution be - taken up, 
and made the special order for Thursday next at 
one o'clock. 
The motion was agreed to. 
CONSTITUTIONAt CON VENTIONS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur- 
ther petitions and reports, the Chair will call up 
the unfinished business of the morning hour yes- 
terday, which is the motion to refer the joint 
resolution of the Senator from Missouri I Mr. 
GREEN] to the select committee of thirteen. 
Mr. GREEN. By general consent, I ask for 
the printing of the resolution, and let it lie on the 
table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
ST. LOUIS ARSENAL. 
Mr. SEVVARD. I propose, if there be no fur- 
ther morning business, that we now take up the 
special order for one o'clock, the unfinished bus- 
incss of ycsterday; and I make that motion. 
Mr. POLK. I should like to ca'll up, for con- 
sideration by the Senate, a bill x.vhi.ch was passed 
by the House of Representatives at the last ses- 
sion, and has been reported by the Committeeon 
Military Aiyairs of the Senate, with amendments, 
at this session, for the saleot•the grounds on which 
the St. Louis arsenal is crected. 
The. VICE PRESIDEN'I'. Does the Senator 
from •New York withdraw his motion, or insist 
upon it? 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 withdraw it. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ison 
the motion of the Senator from Missouri to take 
up the bill (H. R. No. 132) to remove the Uni- 
ted States arsenal from the city of St. Louis, and 
to provide for the sale of the lands on which the 
same is located. 
The motion was agrced to; and the bill was 
It 
considered as in Committee of the Whole. 
proposes to require the Secretary of War to pro- 
ceed at once to have the grounds now used for 
the purposes of an arsenal in the city of St. Louis 
laid off into blocks, according to the present plan 
of that portion of the city, and to have them sub- 
divided into lots of a convenient size for build- 
inm purposes, and subject them to sale to the high-- 
est bidder, at public vendue, on such terms as to I 
30 
MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1861. 
him may sccm most advantageous, first giving 
sixty days' notice, by advertisement in at least ! 
three newspapers, published in St. Louis, of the 
time, place, and terms of sale, with a description 
of the property to be sold. It also proposes to 
authorize the Secretary of War to cause the busi- 
ness heretofore carried on at the St. Louis arse- 
nal, to be transferred to the military reservati•on 
known as Jefferson barracks, in the county of 
St. Louis, and also to cause all the tools, imple- 
ments, machinery, and materials now at the ar- 
senal to be removed to that reservation. 
The first amendment of thc Committee on Mil- 
itary Afihirs and Militia was, in section one, line 
nine, after the word subject, " 
to insert the words 
" the western unoccupied portion of;" 
so as to 
make it read: 
And subject the western unoccupied portion of the same 
to sale to the highest bidder, 
The amendment 'vas agreed to. 
The next amendment was to add, at the end of 
the first section, the following: 
The proceeds of such sale to bc applied to the erection 
at Jefferson Barracks, in the State of Missouri, of suitable 
buildings for containing ail the tools, implements, machine- 
ry, anns, and rnateriais now at said St. Louis arsenal. 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like to be informed I 
by some member of the Military Committee, if 
they believe that the whole amount of the value 
of these lands will be necessqry to be expended in 
the construction of any such building. 
Mr. KING. I wi}l reply that, by the amend- 
ments, the Senator from Iowa will perceive that 
only a part of these lands arc to be sold. When 
the buildings are completed at Jefferson barracks, 
the residue is to be sold, and the balance to go 
into the Treasury. I ask that the amendment be 
read providing for that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FosTER 
in the chair.) The amendment will be read•again. 
The Secretary atrain read it. 
Mr. KING. Thcrc is another clause. 1 think 
there is anothe! amendment which provides for 
the suggestions which madc to tl)C Senator from 
Iowa. 
Mr. GRIMES. That provides for the expend- 
iture of the whole of it. 
Mr. KING. ask that the whole bill be read, 
from which these facts will appear. 
The Secretary read the bill and amendments. 
Mr. KING. I do not see by the reading of 
the bill, so far as the Secretary read it, that the 
sale is first confined to a part. That, J know, 
was the conclusion at which the committee ar- 
rived—that a part should first be sold, and then 
the residue. As it has been read, it does not pre- 
sent my recollection of the bill. 
Mr. POLK. My recollection is—I cannot lay 
my fingers upon it now, but I read it when it was 
reported from the committee—that it provides for 
the sale at once on the western portion of the 
land. 
Mr. WILSON. The unoccupied portion. 
Mr. POLK. The unoccupied portion, 
should say, first; and then, wl'lcn that sale has 
been made and they have got the Jefferson bar- 
rack for the purpose of placing the Inachinery, 
the tools, and the munitions there that are on the 
eastern portion, they are to be removed there, and 
then the eastern portion is to be sold. 
Mr. KING. that the bill itself be read, 
because I do not perceive thc amendments that 
'vere made to it. The amendments were passed 
upon, and drawn up by the clerk of the commit- 
tee. I have no doubt the bill carries out the pur- 
poses of the conunittce. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. There to be amis- 
understanding about this bill; and as the hour has 
arrived for the consideration of the special order, 
I call for that. This bill can be examined here- 
after. 
Mr. GREEN. II will not take five minutes. 
Mr. KING. I think there is no objection to 
this bill. 
It is very brief. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of 
one o'cloclc having arrived, it is the duty of the 
Chair to call up the special order. 
NEW 
Mr. POLK. Then let this bill be passed voyår 
as the unfinished business of' the morning hdür••. 
ADMISSION OF KANSAS. 
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, 
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R 'NO. 
23) for the admission of Kansas into the Union; 
the pending qucstion being on -ethe amendment 
offered by Mr. FITCH, to add at the end of the 
bill the following additional sections: 
SEC. 4. and bc it further enacted, That from and after the 
adlnission of the State of Kansas, as hereinbefore provided, 
afi the laws of the Uhited States, which are not locally 
inapplicable, shall have the same iOrce and effect within 
that State as in other States of the Union and the; State 
is hereby constituted a judiciål districtofthe United States, 
vvithin which a district court, with the like powers a-nd .ih- 
risdiction as the district court of the United- States forf the 
district of Minnesota, shall he established; the j_udge, at. 
torncy. and marShal- of the United-States •tor the såid dis- 
trict of Kansas shall resi(te Within the and shall be 
entitled to tho same. cornpen_sation as the judge, attorney, 
and Inarshal of the district of Minnesota; and in all cases 
of' appeal or writ of error hcretoföre proeceute.d, and now 
I pending in the Supre,lne Court of the United States, upon 
-any record from thc supreme court of Kansas Territory, the 
mandate of execution or order of further proceedings shall 
bc directed hy the Supreme Court of thc United States" to 
the dist.riet court of the United States for the district of 
Kansas, or to the suprerne court of the Stgte of Kansas, as 
the nature of sucl_) appeal or writ error may require ; 
and each of those courts Shail be the successor of the su- 
preme court of Kansas 'Ilen•itory, as to ali such eases, with 
full power to hear and detertnine the same, and to award 
Inesne or fiual process therein. 
SEC. 5. .Rnd. be it further enacted, That tbc judge of the 
district court the district Of Kansas shall hold two reg- 
ukar terms of the said court annually, at the scat of gov. 
ernjnent o? the said State, to connncnce on the second 
Monday of 
a'nd in each year. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 would ask that 
amendment comes from a committee, or is öfTered 
by an individual Senator? I doubt the propriety 
of amending the billon the motion of an individ- 
ual Senator in a matter so important as this. 
If 
any Senator will take the trouble to examine tho 
practice of thc two Houses of Concrrcss on the 
admission of ncxv States, he. will fina that if has 
been almost uniform, with one or two exceptions, 
perhaps, to admit the State unconditionally, and 
subsequently to prepa re the judicial acts nec.e•ary 
to its new condition. That has been the practice 
and it is founded upon tuxood reason. The reason 
is this: the act for the adlY1ission of a Territory as 
a State comes from the rrerritorial Committee; it is 
matured by the rl'erritorial Comnaittee•, it has 
erencc to its boundaries, and those matters that 
appropriately belong to that comrniltec; but tl)e 
lnatu ring of a judicial system, rendcrcd necessary 
by the admission of a State, is pu-rcly a judicial 
matter, and invariably con-2cs fronv the Judiciary 
Committee.' So the adniission of a State often 
carries with it other legislation in respect to lands, 
sometimes in regard to thc surveyor generå( 
office, and the surveys of lands. Those invaria- 
l)ly come from the Cornmilt.ee on Public Lands. 
'Ilhc Territorial Commit tee do not think it proper 
to interfere with what more appropriately belongs 
to thc Land Comyniltcc. IZIcnce the practice has 
been—and I think it a safe one—that the 'I'errito- 
rial Committec should confinc its bills to t be 
simple act of admission. Such was the case \.vhen 
Tennessee was admitt.ed, and when 1ü0St. of the 
other States were admilted. Sucl) was the caso 
in the admission of Oregon and California; and 
it has i.)ecn almost uniform. 
The Senator from 
Vermont [Mr. COLLAMER] says he has a list of 
Now, in regard to the judiciary clauses that are 
necessary in Kansas, I lake it f(-n• granted the 
Senator from Indiana has prepared tlrern with 
carc; but yet I would not bc willinot to vote for 
any one that had not been carefully considered bv 
the Committee on the Judiciary. •WV hen you 
bring a new State in, it occupies an ånOmaloåS 
condition with reference to its judiciary. The 
United States are divided into nine circuits,- The 
It becörnes 
new States are notwithin any circuit. 
necessary, therefore, to give powers tothe district 
court, corresponding not only to district court, 
but a circuit court also. Generally, peculiar pro- 
visions are necessary, and the Ausc of •technical 
It requires great précision, and the Com- 
terms. 
