1861. 
Supreme Court has decided that the mere admis- 
Sion of a Territory into tho United States as a 
State, without legislative provision, dismisses in 
fact every pending appeal and writ of error in the 
Supreme Courtof the United States, the question 
is one of great importance. The Supreme Court 
have so decided; and it was that verv thing which 
induced me, two years ago, to supp-ly that defect. 
I did it after consultation with the Senator from 
Louisiana [Mr. BENJAMIN] and the Senator from 
Delaware [Mr. BAYARD] and other members of 
the committee on the Judiciary. We thought it 
was a wise practice, to prevent parties coming 
hore to met soccial acts to restore their causes now 
pcndilw on appeal or writ of crror. Therefore, 
to admit the Statc of Kansas, or any other State, 
without this provision, is to pass an imperfect act. 
Ifthe session were yet long enough for us to feel 
certain that new bill could be matured here by 
our committee, called up in the Senate and passed, 
and go to thc I louse of Representatives, be ex- 
amined and passed there, and become a law, I 
should care very little about it; but what assur- 
ance have we of that? If we admit the State of 
Kansas, with no provision fa• the administration 
of justice, as I say, it is an imperfect act. Now, 
who is afraid that this bill will not become a 
law, merely because we put in it a proper and just 
amcndmcnt? The bill has passed the House of 
Representatives heretofore, and passed by a large 
majority. Our amendinenl does not require that 
it shall go to any commiltce of the House for ex- 
amination; it does not require that it shall go to a 
Committee of the Whole House. 
It is simply to 
prevent a failure in the admihistration of justice; 
and therefore, as I said, it having been put upon 
it having been made as a 
the Lecompton bill, 
Senate amendment to a House bill in the casc of 
Minnesota, "it seems to me that the suggestion of 
the Senator from Illinois is suspecting evil where 
certainly no evil is ilitended. I shall, therefore, 
vote for the a\ncndment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no proposi- 
tion be made to fill the blat')ks in the proposed 
amendment, the question will be taken on the 
amendment without filling them. 
Mr TRUMBULL. think the Senator from 
Ohio is entirely mistaken as to the effect which 
he apprehends will be produced upon suits. 1 am 
not aware of any such decision as that of which 
he speaks. 
Mr. PUGH. I tell the Senator there are three 
or four such decisions. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there be such a decis- 
ion, it would be in the teeth of the statute, which, 
I apprehend, would be overruled in this case, at 
any rate. Thc schedule of this constitution pro- 
vides, in order that no inconveniences may arise: 
That all suits, rights, actions, prosecutions, 
zanccs, contracts, judgrnents, and claints, both as respects 
individual* and bodies corporate, shall continue as if no 
change had taken place." 
Mr. PUGH. Is the Senator reading the con- 
stitution of the State? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am reading from the 
schedule of the constitution of the. State. 
Mr. PUGH. What has that to do with the 
Supremo Court of the United Statos in regard to 
a writ of error pending there? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 suppose the Supreme 
Court of the.United States is as much bound by 
the action of Congress in admitting this State 
with this clause in its constitution, as if it were 
in a separate statute, Congress ratifies this con- 
stitution by admitting the State with it; and I am 
not aware of any such decisions as those of which 
tho gentleman speaks; but a general law would 
reach them, if there w'ere such decisions. It seems 
to me the only effect of thisamendmcnt is to delay 
the bill by sending it back to the House of Repre- 
scntativeé. As niy colleague welt remarked, we 
have had this Kansas question before us long 
enough. Now let us admit Kansas as a State; 
und if there is any trouble, it will be very easy to 
correct it by subsequent legislation, without en- 
cumbering the admission of the State with these I 
detaifs. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 think this amendment emi- 
nently proper. There will be no Federal judge 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
467 
ity so far as the Constitution gives us the riffht•, 
and when the Senator from Illmois says we can, 
by a supplemental bill, pass it, I ask, '•.vhy not put 
it on here? It is just, it is right, it is proper; and 
he says it will pass in another bill. 
It can get 
through on this bill better than on any other bill; 
and why? All who are in favor of the proposi- 
tion will go for it; and the friends of Kansas will 
go for it, because it will not hurt Kansas in any 
manner, shape, or form, unless it be simply this 
one point: that they desire to delay the oroaniza- 
tion of a judicial district, and the appointment of 
a judge, until the next President comes in. Let 
us call things by their right names. if that be the 
object, speak it out in meeting; let us understand 
it. Are we to have a judicial district there or not? 
If not, why? If so, let us go to work; make it— 
for it can be done in five minutes—and the House 
of Representatives will agree to the amendment 
thus proposed rnorc readily than they would agree 
to a sc . aratc bill. 
Mr. BOUGLAS. I now find out what the im- 
portance of this question is. It seems it is a ques- 
tion whether the present or the next Executivc 
shall appoint the ludge. 
Mr. FITCH. -1 trust the Senator from Illinois 
will not do me tho injustice to suppose that that 
is the sole reason which g6verned me. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, certainly not; because 
you have not avowed it. 
Mr. GREEN, 1 avowed the motive of the 
opposition, not of the movement. 
Mr. FITCH. There is another reason, inti- 
mately connected with politics, of much more 
importance. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. All I have to say to that is, 
bring up your bill to-morrow, next day, any day, 
to creatc a judicial district, allowing the President 
of the Un'ited States to make the appointment 
under the Constitution, and I shall vote' for it 
under this Administration, under the next Ad- 
ministration, under any Administration. I will 
neither postpone the bill for the benefit of the next 
Administration, nor will I amend it here for fcap 
of the next Administration. I will perform my 
duties as the occasion arises, and let each Admin- 
istration take the patronage as it may fall to it; 
but I do think we ought to pass a bill during this 
Administration, before the 41h of March, in thc 
usual form., for Kansas; und unquestionably I 
should resist any attempt to postpone merely for 
thc purpose of giving a Republican President the 
opportunity of making the appointment. 
Mr. TRÜMBULL. so would 1. 
Mr. FITCH. That is all very good declama- 
tion. The Senator from Illii10is rnay introduce 
his judicial bill to-morrow; but he has yet to learn 
that it will not pass this Congress until about the 
time of the inaurruration of another President. If 
he does not know it now, time will show that my 
prediction that such will be the fact is correct. 
But I said there was another reason, intimately 
connected with politics, aside from thi appoint- 
mont. That reason I shall now proceed to state; 
and I will leave it for the Senator from Illinois 
to say whether it operates at all upon him, or 
not. 
It •is an 4dmitted fact, as the Senator from Ohi 
has said, that unless there is a judicial dis ct 
created, all cases pending upon writ of err 
, or 
appeal to the Supreme Court of the United tates, 
fall. There is an important case supposed to be 
in that condition now in the Territory of Kansas, 
involving the question for which the Senator from 
Illinois has contended—the right of a Territorial 
Legislature to abolish slavery. It is there. The 
decision in the territorial court has been adverse to 
that right; and if this amendment be not adopted, 
that case upon appeal falls, and there will be no 
decision on it by the Supreme Court. I trust we 
arc all anxious for a decision; at least, we all 
should be. Let this specific case go to the court, 
and a specific decision on that precise point bo 
had; and that I apprehend cannot be done, unless 
there is a judicial district created simultaneously 
'INhc pendency of 
with the passagc of the bill. 
this casc was doubtless known whekMhis bill was 
I will not say that a knowledge of 
introducdd. 
this fact led to the 0Q'1ission to insert a provision 
there, and no Federal marshal, and no means of in the bill for the creation of a judicial district. 
If there were any political considerations con- 
enforcing Federal authority. I am not willing to 
trust Kansas by herself", ui)dcr Kansas laws, and nectcd with thc neglect to rnake that insertion at 
Kansas rulers, and Kansas judges, and Kansas that time, those considerations were probably 
connected with a desire to obtain the political 
executive omcers, without some Federal author. 
power which a new State would givc the Opposi- 
tion, and the political representation here; "_-b.ui I 
trust that no such consideration operated.. That 
the other consideration to which Ihavc alluded, 
connected with this amendment; did 'I 
have good reason to believe; not, h'0'Wever, from 
anything said by members of this -I 
trust it will not be found operative here. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wa-s not a-ware, sir, that 
there was any such case as the one tö which •the 
Senator. has referred. If I had ever heard of it, 
I had forgotten it, and was not aware that any- 
thing of the kind was pending. 
Mr. FITCH. An appeal was taken to the 
Supreme Court. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. As 1 said, 1 not aware 
such a case was pending. If it had been decided, 
therefore, I was not aware that any such decision 
was made. If it were so, I take it for granted 
the right of appeal to the Supreme Court is not 
taken away. If there is any doubt on that point, 
I will ac»ree to insert a clause in the judicial bill 
that it hall not be taken away, and that will put 
an end to all apprehension in that respect. Thc 
rightcan be reserved in the judicial bill, and therc 
Will then be no difference about it. No man is 
more anxious than I am to have the question to 
which the Senator refers decided in the Supreme 
desire to have it decided Qt the earliest 
Court. 
period at which it can be brought regularly before 
the court; and I will go for inserting in thc judi- 
ciary bill all the provisions necessary to secure not 
only that, but every other case that can arise. 
That will certainly obviate all the diffculty, and 
disposes of all the objections except the one about 
the patronage•involved in the appointment of the 
judge of thc court; and in regard to that, it may. 
be possible—I should not be at all surprised, from 
my knowledge of the other side of the House, if 
it were so—that they would like to reserve the 
appointment of the judge for the next Adminis- 
If they do, they will have power to do 
tration . 
it. Before this bill bec.omes a law there will be 
absentees enough on this side of the Senate to 
give them a majority; and if they are going to be 
governed by political considerations in the ap- 
pointment of a judge, they will refuse to confirm 
your appointee and suspend the appointment, as 
the Senate has often suspended the appointment 
of judges of the Supreme Court* just as an Ad- 
ministration was going out, in order to postpone 
it until the next one came in. If that side of the 
Chamber are ff0ino• to bc governed by political 
considerations, they will have the power on the 
question of confirmation just as well now as here- 
after. But I take it for granted they desire the 
bill passed; and therefore I take it for granted 
there will be no diffculty in passing a judiciary 
I take it fot granted they do noi wish the 
bill. 
citizens of Kansas to be put to the incon venience 
of having no Federal court; but if they want to 
get the patron 6, they have the power to obtain 
It in the 
ner I have indicated just as well as 
l" Question ! " " Ques- 
by this bill. 
they co 
r. GREEN. The admission ofa State is an 
mportant question, and especially the admission 
of Kansas. When the Union is so beset with 
difficulties, weoughtto be very cautious. A wronc 
done now can never be rcctified , so faras the Statc is 
concerned. I an-I not willing to have the freedom 
of speech interrupted by those constant repeti- 
question , ' 
question." 
tions of question," 
We have no previous qucslion here. If we choose 
to change our rule so as to havc it, I will submit to 
it; but we should not be insulted by Senators saying 
' question," " question," " question," when we 
desire to debate a qucstion. I cannot understand 
it. I want it to cease, and I want order preserved 
and decorum observed. 
Question ! " 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on thc adoption of the amendment now before 
the Senate. There are two blanks in it, howcvå•, 
which it will be in ordor t.o fill before, the taking 
of the question on the amendment. If no motion 
be made to fill those blanks, the Chair will put 
the question on the amendment offered- by the 
Senator from Indiana. 
Mr. PUGH. I simply wish to set myself right, 
as the Senator from Illinois [Mr. DOUGLAS) seemed 
to suppose that I had misstated the of 
I found onei of thcm upon 
tl'l() Supreme Court. 
the instant, in the tenth Volume: o? Howard 's 
Reports, page 902, McNulty, plaintiff in error, 
