470 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.. 
January 19, 
far as I am concerned, I think ali action of Con- 
gress amounts to precedent, to some extent, and 
we sec Senators every day referring to what -y,tas 
done at the last session, and at other sessions, 
and thc votes that were "iven. Let us, therefore, 
be correct. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the scnat% 
ready for the question on the first amendment to 
the preamble, which has just been read ? 
Thc amendment was rejected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
recurs upon the second amendment to the pream- 
ble; to strike out, in the sixth line of the preamble, 
so that it will read: 
the words G' by the people;" 
A constitution and State government, republican in form, 
which was ratified and adopted at an election, &c. 
The amendment was rejected. 
Mr. GREEN. Now, Mr. an 
arncndmcnt to offer, of a substantial character. 
The other two were not. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
will state that thcre is a third amendment pendino 
to the preamble. 
Mr. GREEN. I have not moved that. I took it 
back yesterday, in order to correct it. But 1 move 
this one, to come in after" the word " schools," in 
the fourteenth line of the third section. As soon 
as it is rcad I will explain it. 
The Secretary read the amendment; to insert, 
after the word " schools," in the fourteenth linc 
of the third section, the following: 
Provided, 'I'hat in all cases where lands which were rc- 
scrvcd the use of schools in the 'l'erritory Kansas by 
the thirt.y- iöurth section of t.he act providing fbr the organi- 
zation of said 'I'crritory, have. been cut.ered under the provis- 
of an act of the Legislative Assetnbly of such r.l'erri- 
tory, entitled 'i Au act to grant to school lands 
passed at first session, and other acts 
in cert.aill cases,' 
in relation to such lands. and patents the saine bavc 
been issued by Governor of' said '_rerritory, such sales 
shall be (Ieenled valid, and the titles to the lands so sold 
shall be, and arc hereby, eonlinncd to the patcnt.ees, 
heirs and legal representatives : Pro Bided, 'I'hat t.hi.s pro- 
visioti shall be colistrucd 'nercly a of' any title 
rennaining in the (J nit.ed States, and 
way aiTect. or impair any legal or eqnitablc 
in terest. vested 
in any thir(l persons, or clailne.(i by virtue or at-I)' preotnption 
laws of the, United States: 02nd provided, 'I'hat any land* 
lawi'ully taker) under this grant shall bc excepted ('rom the 
lands granted under this act. 
Mr. GREEN. I will explain the amendment. 
T hc section to which it is offered is the onc mak- 
ing a grant of two sections of land in each town- 
It. says that the 
ship, for the support of schools. 
sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections shall be granted 
It reads thus: 
to the State. 
Seetions numberéd sixteen arid thirty-six in every town- 
ship of public lands in said State ; arid where either ot• said 
sections, or any part thereof, been sold or otherwise 
been disposed or, ()ther laud* equivalent thereto and as con- 
tiguous as luay be, *hall be grantcd to said State, It)r the 
uSC (it' schools. 
Now, that provision is right; but I nulst give n 
littlc history. In the orcranic act of Kansas thorp 
a sirnilat• provision, sections sixteen and 
thirty-six shou}d be reserved for schools, to be 
dispcns•cd of by thc 'Iterritory 01' future St.atc. 
Under that grant, the Terri t,ory went to work and 
t.his bill passcs 
did dispose of them. Now, it• 
without my qualification, they will get four sec- 
tions out of every thirty-six, which no State in 
the Union ever did receive. All the old new States 
(which looks l.ikc solecism)—thc first admitted 
now but onc section in thirty-six. 
To the latter we have given two sections in thirty- 
six. I do not object to that; but, under the pe- 
it being 
culiau• phraseology of the Kansas bill, 
rcservcd for the use of thc rl'errilory, the 'Perri- 
tory went to work und sold the land ; and it is now 
occupied, and tho people have paid for it, and the 
money isin the territorial treasury, and the schools 
enjoy thc benefit it this day and this hour. 
wish, therefore, this amendment simply to quit- 
claim, so far as tho Government of the United 
States is concerned, to that extent, and as far as 
they have sold, to reserve it from the sections we 
hereby grant. Otherwise you will grant four scc- 
tioos out of thirty-six, and ruin a policy which 
the Go vernmen t ofthc United States has uniformly 
pursued. 
I submit to the Senate whether that is not right. 
I shall not. raise the legal question as to the right 
of the Territory to sell thc land under the tcFri- 
torial bill; but it has been given as a legal opin- 
ion, by the highest legal authority in the United 
It was reserved for the 
States, that it was leeral. 
use of the Territory or future State. " 
territorial bills whicli I have drawn and reported I convey. I will not argue the legal question here, 
to the Senate since my attention was called to that 
for I can get a bigzer fee for doing it somewhere 
point, I have specially stricken out " the Terri- else. In the territorial bill, this land was reserved 
tory" in that clause. I do not allow the Territory 
i to sell and dispose of the land ; but in Kansas they I 
they exercised the power, and 
had the power; 
have sold the lands. Now, having sold them, 
and the Territory having the benefit of the sale, 
I am not willing that the State should have an 
additional benefit equivalent to it; because the 
State, as the administrator or heir, will take all 
that the Territory had; and to let them have the 
two sections which the Territory has already sold, 
and then two more sections under this bill, would 
be very unjust. i am willing to confirm the sales 
that wcrc made that were legal. Wherever they 
were legal, I say confirm them. They have given 
the benefit of the money, the interest of which is 
applied now to the public schools of the Territory ; 
but except that out from the amount to be granted 
on the face of the bill as it now stands. I submit 
wrhcther that is not right. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. will ask the Senator 
whether there has been any land sold except onc 
section ofa township in the county •of Atchison ? 
Havc not the sales been confined to that one town- 
I am told that two 
Mr. GREEN. all. 
thirds of the school sections in the Territory-have 
been sold. That is my information. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. My information is, that these 
sales have been confined to that one township; 
and also, I am very clear (but on that point want 
to turn to the language of the law) that the Ter- 
ritorial had no power to sell the land 
at all. There was a reservation to the United 
States of the lands, for tbc purposc of being up- 
plied to schools. There was no grant of land to 
the (Frant to the State. They were 
reserved in order to bc granted; but it required 
I think the I 
future legisla$on for the purpose. 
langattge in this bill rnust be considcrcd to mean 
sakes by the United States, because a rc*ervation 
was made to the United States; and unless soill 
by the United Statcs, it strikes me that no land 
could be selected in lieu of that which the territo- 
rial (roverurnent itself has sold. I ask my friend 
froin ()hio to read t hc orioinal reservation. 
Mr. PUGH road, as froin the act to 
organize the Fllerritories of Kansas and Nebraska: 
G SEC. 16.. *Rnd be it. furth.er enacted, 'l' hat when the lands 
in the said 'I'erritory shaEl be surveyed under direction 
of' the Government of tbc United States, preparatory to 
brincring the sanne into 'narke.t, sections rnnrxbercd six- 
teen-and thirty-six ill each township in said 'l'erritory shall 
be, and the same. are hereby, reserved for the purpose of 
being applied to schools in said 'L'erritory, and in the States 
and 'I'errit.ories hereafter to be crected out of the same."— 
Statutes at Large, vol. 10, p. 283. 
Mr. I)OUGLAS. Yes, sir, they were re- 
served" for a special purpose. There was no 
grant made, and it was improper for the Territory 
land, because the title remained in the 
to sell the 
United Sta tes. They l'.rcre reserved for school 
purposes; and my object x,vas expressly to reserve 
. them, so that the Territory nevm• could have 
power to sell the lands at all. Inevcr thought that 
the territorial government could sell these lands; 
and I am unwilling to make any law, or do any 
act, that will rcco(ynizc the right of a Territorial 
Legislature to scil thcn-), or that will confirrn a I 
It was a sacred 
tide that. t.hey pretended to sell. 
fund for schools. They had no busil)css to touch 
in my opinio•n, and I havo had great doubt 
it, 
whether I would permit them to sell it, even after . 
they became a State; but I was willing to con- 
sider that question when we came to make the 
grant. When we collie to admit States, we then 
usually insert the grant; but the grant is only 
made when they become a State. This wasa res- . 
crvation, the title being in the United States, so 
that they should not touch it at all. 
Mr. GREEN. When the original grants were 
first madc to the first new States, the question was 
raised whether they were not compelled to lease 
the lands and hold the title in perpetuity; and the 
question that the Senator from Htinois now raises 
was then discussed in ail the courts, 
It was de- 
from the United States: for whose use? Not thc 
future State alone. Now, the language of 
the bill is for the. Territory and the future State. 
If his construction be true, how can the Territory 
have the benefit of it for schools if they have not 
the power of sale? The use, according to the con- 
struction and decision of the courts, carries with 
it thc power to convey. The Territory of Kansas 
has exercised this power; and there is high judi- 
shall neither decide one 
Cial authority for it. 
way or tho other, for I do not care about it; bat 
if it should be finally dccidcd that the title thus 
conveyed is valid, I want to except out of this 
grant an equivalent. Whatever they have sold 
and conveyed, which may be determined by legal 
authority to be valid, I propose to except out of 
the grant hereby made; Ido not propose to affirm 
the sale to be just or unjust; I do not propose to 
say that the sale was right or wrong; but I do 
propose to confirm thc title of these men who, in 
good fhith, have paid their money, and the Ter- 
ritory has loaned it but, and has had the iutcrcst 
to support the schools to educato the children. 
This proposition of mine is a bill of the House 
of Representatives for that very purpose, with a 
little amendment I put on to this effect: that what- 
over passes under It shall be excepted out of the 
grant made to the State. This amendment is a 
separate bill which passed the House, and move 
it herc as an amendment to this biil. The House, 
therefore, have already said they will confirm it. 
If the House confirm it, •and the Senatc agree to, 
the bill, arc you going to mtant the State two more 
additional sections? Yet the language here em- 
ployed would carry two more additional sections. 
It says: A r,'l where either of said sections, or 
any part thereof, has been sold or otherwise dis- 
poscd of, other lands equivalent thereto shall be 
If the Territory has sold them and dis- 
rnven. 
posed of them, or the United States gave thenl to 
the Territory and they have sold and disposed of 
them, we have got to (rive them two more sections 
in lieu thereof. They are disposed of by the 
United States, if they are given to the Territory, 
and the ' rerritory sells them. So I say nothing 
but an exception or a proviso can save this from 
having that double operation. There is nobody 
who desires that. All that anybody desires would 
be that two sections in each township should be 
given to public schools; and if the rrerritory has 
sold them, and has the money in the county treas- 
ury, bearing interest, supporting schools, ed ucat- 
ing children, that ought to meet that branch of 
the case as far as it goes. 
Mr. PUGH. 1 ask Senator from Missouri 
whether there are any sales or grants madc of 
either of these sections, sixteen or thirty-six, 
beyond those embraced in this joint resolution, 
approved March 3, 1857: 
A resolution relative to sections sixteen and thirty-six in 
the Territories of Minnesota, Kansas, and Nebraska. 
Resolved by the Scnate and I-lousc of Representatiues Qf 
the United Slates of in Congress assembled, 'L'hat 
where any Mettlernents, by the erection of a dwelling-house 
or thc cultivation of any portion of the laild, shall have 
been, or shall be, made upon the sixteenth or thirty-sixth 
sections (which sections have bcen reserved by law the 
pcrrpose of being applied to the support of schools in the 
'l'crritorigs of Minnesota, Kansas, and Nebraska, and i 
the States and "J'erritories hereafter to be eréeted out of the 
same) before the said sections shall have been, or shall 
be, surveyed ; or when such sections have been, or may be 
selected or occupied as town sites, under and by virtue ot 
the act of Congress approved 23d of May, 1844, or rescrved 
the survey, then other lands shali bc 
for public uses befin•e 
selected by the proper authorities, in lieu thereof, agree- 
ably to the provisions of the act of Congress approved 20th 
May, 1826, entitled An act to a 'propriate lands the 
snpport of schools in certain towns lips and fractional town- 
and if such settler can 
ships not betore provided för 
bring hirnselt• or herself within the provisions of' {he act of 
4th Septelnber. 1841, or the occupants of the town site be 
enabled to Rhosv a compliance with the provisions of the 
law ot• 23d of May, 1844, t.hen the right of preference granted 
by the said acts, in the purchasc ot' such portion of the six- 
teenth or thirty-sixth sections, so settled and occupied, 
shall be in the'il, respectively, as if such sections had not 
been previously reserved för senooi purposes.—Statutes ut 
Large, vol. 11. p. 254. 
bated whether Lhe right Lo sell existed in the State; I Now understand froin the Delegate that, un- 
or whether it 'uvas not a trust, so that they had to der this joint resolution, where section thirty-six 
exercise their power as a trustee in leasing tho or section sixteen had been occupied by a pre- 
emptor, or occupied by a town site, other selee.- 
lånd in perpetuity, and holding the title forever, 
tians were made according to the Kansas-Ne- 
That question was discussed and decided ad- 
versely to the Senator's view. The court decided braska act, and that only sections sixteen and 
that il carried the right to dispose of, to sell, and II thirty-six were sold where they were thus occu- 
