1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
471 
pied; and in that case the proceeds of the sale 
came into the Treasury of the United States, and 
not into the treasury of the Territory. The dif- 
ficuity which my friend from Missouri suggests, 
therefore, cannot exist. 
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Ohio is cn- 
tirely mistaken. 
It does not reach the case at all. 
i recollect that act. 
Mr. PUGH. I will ask the Senator, does he 
know of any sale e*cept of that character? 
Mr. COLLAMER. The case of Atchison. 
Mr. PUGH. The case of Atchison was the 
case of a town site covering a section before the 
survey. 
Mr. GREEN. i answer thus: I do not know. 
Knowledge dwells 
In heads replete with thoughts of other men ; 
in mind* attentive to tileir own." 
Mr. PUGH. I do not understand the remark. 
Mr. GREEN. Well, 1 no actual knowl- 
edge, but have information. 
Mr. PUGH. That is satisfactory. I did not 
understand the other remark. 
GREEN. But here is the pointl make: 
the Territory has sold two thirds of all the school 
lands. Whether that title will be sustained or 
not, I am not going to argue; but when they have 
received the money—and it is now in their treas- 
ury, or loaned out und bearing interest, or applied 
to the support of schools—I a no not going to give 
additional {ands. The language of this bill 
will give then") additional lands in all such cases. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow mo to the 
tleman whether the provision to which he alludes 
in relation to these lands would give them any 
lands except those disposed of by this Goverl')- 
ment? 
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; 1 will answer: any 
land disposed of legally is disposed of by this 
Government; because this Govcrnment made thc 
grant to the Territory: the Territory sold it; and 
the lord paramount is responsible for the title; so 
that that does not meet the case at all. NV e must 
not give this Stat.e anv mope than we gavo Min- 
nesota. We gave hei• a superabundance. What 
harm can it be to put in a qualification that when 
any portion has been disposed of legally, it shall 
be excepted out of the grant hereby made? Can 
there be any harm in that; or do you want to give 
them more? It is true they are a very poor, starv- 
ing people, sending around .and begging alms all 
over the United States; but land will not support 
It is the production of land 
life without labor. 
that supports iife; and it is not tho land itself. 
Hence I am not. disposed to give them any more 
I will give them just 
than I give Olher people. 
the same measure, pressed down, shaken together, 
and, if you please, runniDff over. No other Ter- 
ritory ever sold the land. If they have done so, 
and thc sale is good for nothing, then the quali- 
fication will do no harm; but good lccral opinion 
has been given that sale by the Territory is bind- 
iuo• and valid; and why? They paid their money; 
they have occupied the land; they have put im- 
rovements upon it; and the Senator from New 
Krork [Mr. SEWARDI said he was astonished to f 
If not confirmed, those lands still belong to the 
Territory. It shows that they think so, other- 
wise they would not be asking an act of confirm- 
It is very clear to my mind that the title 
ation . 
to these school lands is yet in the United States. 
They were not granted in the territorial bill. 
They wcrc reserved. To whom ? To the United 
States, to be applied according to the-langaage of 
the law. They we;e reserved for that purpose. 
The judicial decision which the Senator from 
Missouri cites in regard to the sales of the lands 
in the States does not apply here, for in that case 
the lands had not only been reserved in the ter- 
ritorial bill, but when the States were admitted 
into the Union the lands were then granted to the 
States; and the question before thc courts in, his 
State and mine was whether, in a case where we 
had granted tho lands to the State, after having 
reserved them in the Territory, the grant conveyed 
the power to sell 01' simply the power to lease. 
Our courts decided that a grant, being an uncon- 
stitutional grant by the State, conferred the power 
to sell.. Gut the court very clearly would not 
have decided that a reservation by the United 
States for the purpose of being subsequently ap- 
plied was a grant that authorized the sale. The 
effect of the Senator's proposition would seem tb 
be to confirm what thc Tcrritorial Legislature has 
doné, and allow the confirmation of those titles. I 
If the State of Kansas, 
do not choose to do ib. 
after it is admit.t.ed, sees proper to pass an act of 
confirmatinn ofthose previous sales, she may do it. 
I am more unwilling to confirm this now, even 
by inference, for the reason that it will seem to 
be a license to other 'L"crritories to go on and sell 
I do not think the territoriål government 
theirs. 
should be permitt.ed to sell; and I think we ought 
to It in the first instance that comes before 
us. Thcrcfore, for one, I am for making the 
•rant in conformity with the territorial acts to 
the State, and leave the persons who have pur- 
chased under tho State law to apply to the sense 
of justice of the State to confirm thc act of the 
If it be true that there 
territorial government. 
are valuable improvements on any section, as 
supposed by the Senator from Missouri, it will 
be a good claim upon the justice of the State for 
confirmation. But i am unwilling to sanction 
this principle that territorial governments can go 
on and sell lands that have been reserved, the 
title of which is in the United States, and which 
thoy cauld not dispose of until they procured a 
subsequent grant from the United States Govern- 
ment. I think it is unnecessary and improper to 
give any such sanction to that territorial sale; 
but if the House of Representatives choose, they 
can make such an amendment to the bill the Sen- 
ato has passed as will reach the point, if they 
desire to reach it. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 do not know but that, 
from nny want of acquaintance with the particular 
details of the public lands and matters connected 
with them, I may bc somewhat mistaken on this 
subject; but it seems to me, on the reading of the 
bill, to be a very clear affair. There is reserved 
in the case of Kansas, as in yall the other Terri- 
II torics, certain lands för school purposes; and 
find fine buildings and expensive farms and cutti- 
Now,- it -seems to me, -that. is>the Clearest 
If the Territory of KansaS has 
case imaginable. 
used any of the lands granted for schools; and 
disposed of them, they are to' be-I expressly de- 
ducted from the grant made in this bill. That 
seems to me to be all there isof it. 
I have 
more to say. 
Mr. GREEN. That- is just exactly 
want. I want it confirmed; and that ends the 
question. That is precisely what I desire. 
wäs 
aware of that provision; but I want it confirmed;- 
and end the question, so that they shall not take 
double sections in any cases but just take exactly 
what is granted, and end the question forever. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 consider that this does 
say, if they take the sections they shall have no 
more, but they shall be deducted. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from 
Missouri, to insert in line fourteen, Of the third 
clause, after the word schools, the words which 
have been read. 
The amendment was rejected. 
Mr. PUGH. believe there amendment 
pending. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is none 
pending. 
Mr. PU&H. move to reconsider the vote by 
which the first amendment of the Senator frorn 
Missouri, yesterday, was rejected. I cannot vote 
for the amendment in its original shape; but I am 
not satisfied with these boundaries. So far as that 
neutral tract is concerned, I am apprehensive that 
if we allow that to be included within tho limits 
of the State, we shall have to pay the Indians for 
It will be the old case of the Cherokees and 
it. 
the State of Georgia over again. It be .im- 
possible for us, by any power of this' Govern- 
ment, to keep the-people thero from settlingppon 
that land; and backed by the power of the State 
government, tl)ey will succeed in making us pay 
the Indians for the land, and they will have then• 
title perfected either under the preemption taw or 
It is a very valuable tract of land, 
some other. 
granted to the Indians by treaty, with treaty stip- 
ulations that it shall never be included within the 
limits ofa rrcrritory or State. Now, it may be, 
under the very peculiar language of this bill— 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will ask the Senator from 
Ohio if hc is certain this is oho of the tracts that 
can-iO with those treaty stipulations? My im- 
pression was, this was not one of them. 
1 think 
Mr. PUGH. It is the neutral tract. 
there is no question about that. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 am certain ofit. 
Mr. PUGH. It was so stated two years ago, 
I think I have 
and stated during this debate. 
read the treaty stipulations. 
Mr. GREEN. It is the Dry Woods tract. 
Mr. PUGH. I have heard it called the neutral 
tract, and this is what I understand it wag. 
Mr. GREEN. There is no doubt. it. 
Mr. PUGH. It may be that we do not impair 
the obligation of thc treaty by the pccüliar lan- 
guage of this bill; and I must say that it is 
borrowed from a former bill; and therefore, in 
speaking ot• that language, I must censure myself 
somewhat for having formerly voted for. a similar 
served for the use of the schools in the Territory. 
in other bills, and in all other cas.es, I believe, in 
Now, as before remarked, i shati notdebate the 
which, when the State is admitted, the grant is 
I leave 
I do not choose to do it. 
legal question. 
that for the courts and the lawyers; butif the courts made to the State of that which was reserved be- 
fore, when the Territory was formed. That same 
should decide that these sales are legal, are you 
going to give additional land for the sixteenth and thing precisely is done here, and in the very same 
thirty-sixth sections which they have sold, the words in which it has been done in all the other 
new States. But for greater caution, ibis insisted I 
money for which they now have, and thus give 
now that this provisi6nöhould be inserted on ac- 
them four sections in each township? Will yau 
do it? If you do not intend to do it, put in your il count of the Territory having taken some of these 
If you do not school lands, and sold them. I do not know how 
reservation and your exception. 
i am clear that they had no power I 
thc fact is. 
intend to do it, vote it down. 
NIr. DOUGLAS. The Senate has already a to do it. The Senator says some counsel have 
bill, as I understand, confirming these lands that advised them that they had the right. I do not 
In the first place, do not 
have been sold by the territorial government, and know who they arc. 
know the fact; and in the second place, I do not 
that bill is unacted upon in the House of Repre 
sentatives. TheSenatehasexpressed its judgment believe anything about the power. But if the 
that an act of confirmation was necessary to make Territory had the power to dispose ofthose lands— 
It appears by the action of if that was the legal effect of it—I refer the gen- 
t_hose sales valid. 
tleman to the last proviso in this present bill: 
this body that the sales under the territorial organ. 
Propided, however, "I'hat in casc any of the lands herein 
ization have not been valid; and hence an act of 
afiirlnation is asked, and the Senate has cn.anted "ranted to the State of Kansas have heretofore been con- I 
'I'he House of Representatives can cither 
in this act, the amount so confinncd shali be deducted 
it. 
concur in that bill, and confirm those sales, or not, from the quantity specified in this act. 
vated fields, many of which are on the sixteenth l] when we comc to make a grant to the States, we 
tory under this grant, which said they were done precisely in the same manner in this bill, provision. But this thing of putting the tract in 
and in the same words, in which it has been done viéion, seems to mc hardly the form of legislation 
which a grave body like. this ought to adopt. It 
is put within the geographical limits of the State 
and it is excluded from its jurisdiction within the 
samc words. But we shall assuredly have a con- 
trovcrsy with the State of Kansas about that 
tract; and, as I said, our fQrmer experiencc ad- 
monishes us what the result will be. The squat- 
ters will get, the land; they will drive the Indians 
off, and we shall have to pay for it That is what 
I expect. Now, I think that ought to be left out. 
Wo ought to make.our treaty faith whole. 
As to the upper boundary, I was in favor; two 
years acro, at the time of the Lecompton contro- 
versy, and urged it upon Senators constantly, of 
carrying the northern boundary of Kansas to the 
Platte river. "I'hat is the naturai boundary. It is 
the ptoper boundary. It will be the source of con- 
troversy hereafter when we cOme to State 
I understand that, at the time 
north of Kansas. 
the bill authorizing this convention to assemble at 
Wyandotte was passed by the Legislature, there 
was some provision made whereby ihc:people of 
that part of Nebraska, if they. cliose, might elect 
