THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 19, 
delegates to attend the convention, and thus unite 
themselves to the proposed State. 
I understand 
that they did elect delegates; and' I -understand, 
furthermore, that they were not admitted in the 
convention for fear they wouldchange its political 
character. Still, as there has been so much bad 
conduct of all parties in Kansas, I suppose that 
might be put in the general account. 
I do not wish to delay the admission of Kan- 
sas. I shall vote for the bill without amendment, 
though J would prefer it with amendments. 
I 
think we ought to strike off that neutral tract— 
that we can do without any trouble—and makea 
provision, not in the language of the Senator from 
Missouri, but to authorize thel.,egislature of Kan- 
sag, at its first session, to speak fbr the people of 
Kansas, if lhey choose, and add this part of Ne- 
braska to them, provided the people of that por- 
tion of Nebraska, cither upon a forrncr vote, or 
upon a vote hereafter to be taken, desire it. The 
Constitution of the United States authorizes Con- 
gress to consent' to the a.crreement of two States 
to change their boundaries. Here we have one 
State and a Territory. It will delay the bill; 
and I hope it will be acceptable to the people of 
Kansas. 
It will prevent difficulty hereafter. 
1 
•had such an amendtnent. at the last session; but 
it has gone out of my possession, I '(now not 
whither. 
In moving to reconsider this vote, it is not for 
the purpose of voting for the proposition of the 
Senator from Missouri in its whole length and 
breadth; but it is in the hope that we may be 
able to arrive at that result: strike off the neutral 
tract from the southern portion of Karlsas and 
make some provision whereby this part may be 
added on the north, with the consent of' tho Lc- 
gislature of Kansas and of the people of that por- 
lion of Nebraska, without delaying• t.he nd ission 
of the State beyond the present session. Of course, 
if the Senate will make no amend rnent in these 
particulars, 01' in any other, it would bc idle for 
n')C, or any one else, to attempt to draw it. '1' herc- 
, in making in y motion to reconsider, I shall 
call fi)r tbc yeas ant.l nays; for if the Senate does 
not awrce to thta reconsideration, it wiH be useless 
for me. to ()fl'cr the provision. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. it be true, as supposed 
by 1 he Senator frorn Ohio; that the mero fact of 
running the boundary line around those Indian 
reservations, and after-wards excepting them from 
the State, wkll inlpose upol'l us the obligation to 
pay the Indians afterwards, that obligation is 
already incurred. 
Mr. - PUGH. 'I do not say it will impose an 
obligation; but. i say we know what will become 
of it. Backcd bv a Stutc governnwnt, the people 
will take tbc land away ('rorn the Indians, as they 
did in the Stato of Geor(Fia. 
1M r. DOUG-LAS. Oil that point, 1 was croino• 
[D rcrnill'k, {hat. the boundary line of Knnsns by 
the Kansas-Nebraska act extended around all 
those, and 'nan y other reservat ions. 
Mr. PUGH. 
'I'hcn it was a rrerritory. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 
were excepted 
out of jt. 
It makos no v; hether it was 
a ',l'erritory or a Statc, for the reason that if one 
conflicted with Illc treaty the other conflicted with 
the treaty. So if the treaty will be violated by 
this bill, 
it lias already been violated, and whal- 
ever obligation we incur has already been in- 
curred . 
Mr. PUGH. My friend will allow me to rnake 
a suggestion )lcre. 
I unclerstand that the Gov- 
crtrment itself, or its ofiiccrs, backed by the terri- 
torial authority , at least the Governor, have driven 
the, settlers oft once; but we shall have no Gov- 
ernor therc, and tfoops, if they get to be a 
State, and the influence of' the Stutc government 
will bc a«rainst us; whcrcas thc influence of the 
territorial government now is with us in preserv- 
in2' that tract. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. All 1 have to say on that 
poil'lt is this; if a treaty, which is the paramount 
its military power to protect them in the enjoy- 
ment of their rights under the treaty, what other 
guarantees can you give them? Excepting that 
out, therefore, by further legislation, will do no 
good; because the State has no right to interfere 
now any more than if it was not within her limits. 
She is prohibited now by the paramount law, by 
the supreme law of the land; and if she will not 
be bound by that, we cannot expect her to obey 
anything of less validity. All the United States 
have got to do, is to enforce the paramount law, 
and execute its treaty stipulations with the In- 
dians. 
do not think there is any necessity for 
this. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved 
and scconded that the Senate reconsider its vote 
passed yesterday, rejecting an amendment pro- 
posed to this bill, which amendment has been 
designated by the Senator from Ohio. Is the 
I Senate ready for the question on the motion to 
reconsider ? 
Mr.- GREEN. I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 will read the treaty itself. It 
must be remembered that this is not land reserved. 
It is land belongincr to the Cherokees, who moved 
there from Tennessee, North Alabama, and Geor- 
gia. They paid $500,000 for it, and they have not 
merely an Indian claim, such as is ordinarily un- 
derstood of Indian tribes; but they have a fee-sim- 
ple title resulting from the actual purchase, with 
this stipulation: 
The United States hereby covenaht and agree that the 
lands ceded to the Cherokee nation in the foregoingarticle 
shall, in no future time, without their consent, be included 
within the tcrritorial litnits or jurisdiction of any State or 
'I'erritory. But they shall secure to the Cherokee nation 
the right by their national councils to make and carry into 
enuct all such laws as they may deenn necessary for the 
government and protection of the persons and property 
within their own country, belonging to their people, or such 
persons as have connected tbctuselves Witb thetn : Provided 
al.tvays, 'l'hat they shall not. be inconsistent Witb the Con- 
stitution of the United States and such acts of Congress 
as have been, or Inay be, passed regulating trade and inter- 
course with the Indians; and also, that they shall not be 
considered as extending to such citizens and anny of the 
United States as inay travel or reside in the Indian coun- 
try by permission, according to the laws and regulations 
established by the Gove* nruent of thc same." 
Now, it will be observed that this is a treaty 
stipulation. The faith of the nation is pledryed 
to it. This bill admits Kansas with her present 
constitution, but excepts this country out; and 
Senators seem to overlook the fact that we can 
not change u State constitution. We can propose 
a change in conformity with treaty stipulations, 
but the people of Kansas must ratify that change. 
I say we cannot except it out, and make that ex- 
ccption valid and binding on the people of Kan- 
sus. We could except it out of the territorial 
bill, becausc that all depended upon our individ- 
ual action; but when it depends upon the State 
action of Kansas, we cannot except it out. 
It is 
either included ill the State, or it is not. The 
Senator from Illinois says a treaty stipulation is 
the supreme law of the land; and the 
inclusion of this land within the State of Kansas 
wi\l be simply null and void. How would he like 
to crive the bounds of Kansas including the island 
of Cuba? Would that be sensible legislation ? 
Would hc say, " well, it is simply null and void, 
because Cuba does not belong to the United 
States? 
Is that the way to legislate? Suppose we 
proposed to admit the State with certain bounds, 
Including Great Britain, France, and freland: 
would he vote for it? It is an insult; and it is an 
i insult to the Chcrokce nation; and as I stated 
yesterday, I repeat to-day, the cvil of it 
are very many. Our people suppose the bound 
ary to bc where the outside line runs, and they 
will go in and occupy the Jands in spite of every I 
thing you can bring to bear. T herc are three 
thousand people now on these lands, and they 
went in because of the loose phraseology of the 
Kansas-Nebraska bill on that. subject; including 
the lands and then excepting thern out. With 
over a State constitution, will not protect the i most of the Indian lands, where there is nothing 
Indians, I do not sce how an inferior law is going 
'I'hoy are protected now bv a treaty of 
to do it. 
the United States which is declared io be the sun 
prcn-te law of thc land, arxything in the constitu- 
lions or the laws of the States to the contrary 
notwithstanding; and if that pararnount law will 
not protect tbeun, I do not, see how any inferior 
one, that unust yield to the other law, is going to 
protect thcm„ the United States will not use 
but a mere Indian claim, a usufruct; it does not 
makc any diftöt•ence; but where there is a fee-sim- 
ple and a treaty stipulation that they shall not be 
included, it does make a difference, Take the 
Cotnanches, the Navajoes, the Arrapahoes, the 
Sioux, or the Yanctons; it makes no difference 
at all in organizing your Territories, for thcy have 
nothing but a usufruct to the land, 
But take the Cherokee nation in these Dry 
Woods and in these neutral lands, where they 
paid $500,000, with a special stipulation that no- 
body should ever put Ins foot there without their 
consent: to undertake to include them within a 
State makes a different question entirely. You 
have no right to do it; and, if you do it, you com- 
mit a wrong against the Cherokee nation, and 
violate a treaty stipulation. The constitution of 
Kansas does include it, and it makes no excep- 
tion. It does not put in this qualifying clause: 
" provided, however, no jurisdiction shall be ex- 
ercised over the Indian lands until the title has 
been extinguished by treaty." 
It includes the 
whole of it. You propose to admit; but you say 
Kansas shall not exercise any jurisdiction over 
them, and it shall not include the Indian lands. 
Do you change the boundary. You either do, or 
you do not. 
If you do not, it is nonsense to put 
It in, and it ought to be stricken out; and if you 
do, it ought to be resubmitted to the people of Kan- 
sas, or else you are choking down their throats, 
a constitution to which that people never con- 
sented. Which horn of' the dilemma will you 
take? I leave Senators to answer. 
Here is a constitution without any qualification; 
here is the bill saying, " 
come in; we take you 
with yourconstitution, but your constitution shall 
not be so and so." Missouri adopted her consti- 
tution, and there was a free negro clause, and 
Congress were so particular that they said the 
State should not come in until she declared, by a 
solemn public act, that that should not be con- . 
strued to include free negroes; and they said she 
must go back and wait on account.of free nem•oes•, 
but when I propose to protect the rights of the 
Cherokee nation, now being civilized and christ- 
ianized and educated, under treaty stipulation, 
being property that they have paid then• money 
for, we are to disregard all that, and let Kansas in 
without sending back the constitution. 
Is that 
dealing with them as you dealt with Missouri? 
And here let me throw in, by way of episode, that 
although Coneress was so tenacious on that point 
with reference to Missouri, Iliinois has laws to 
this day to exclude free negroes; but Missouri 
could not get in, and had to be sent back and pass 
a solemn public act that she did not mean to ex- 
clude free necrroes. Here, where there is a serious 
matter, where there is one affecting the plighted 
faith of this nation, where there. is one that looks 
to the honor of the people who represent this na- 
tion, we say we will lot you in, but at thesame 
time your constitution is in conflict with the 
treaty." I know it may be said that you did the 
same thing years ago in your propositions and in 
your votes. Thank God there is a locus pæni- 
tentiæ—there is a time and place for repentance; 
but besides that, no man's attention was called to 
the subject, else the samc objection would have 
bccn made by me, for everybody can see that I 
would have done it. It had to go back and be re- 
submitted anyhow, and why not resubmit it with 
that as with anything else; and if our attention 
had been called to it, it would have been done. 
Now, Mr. President, I hope this reconsidera- 
tion will take place. 
I want this bill put in such 
a shape that we shall not be ashamed of our- 
selves, and blush when the chiefs of the Cherokee 
nation come up and demand of us to know why we 
violated a treaty and included within a State their 
lands, which it was specially stipulated should 
be excluded from every State. This attempted 
explanation, that the territorial bill did the same, 
an entire misapprehension. The t.erritorial bill 
nominally ran the boundary around it, but ex- 
cepted it out. We had the right to make that 
exception. Do you say we have the same right 
now? I answer, yes, we have; but Kansas in 
her constitution has not excepted it out; and if 
we except it out and she does not, ought it not to 
go back to Kansas for ratification, or will you 
not be forcing upon tlrem that to which they have 
neverassented, and choking it down their throats? 
If not, will there not be a conflict of jurisdiction, 
a collision, as the Senator from Ohio has well re- 
marked, between the Federal and State authori- 
ties ? 
Mr. DOUGLAS* The Senator now thinks we 
ought to treat Kansas as Congress treated Mis- 
souri when she was sent back to strike outa cor- 
tain clause from her constitution. 
Mr. GREEN. That is not exactly 
ing me as expressed' myself. 
i did not say we 
I ought to treat Kansas as Missouri was treated; I 
-9 
