478 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 19, 
ate bill appropriates for these claims in 
the aggregate. The Committee on Military Af- 
fairs believed that the expenses could properly be 
reduced $100,000 by the investigation of the Third 
Auditor, and they tl'kerefore have provided only 
for the appropriation of $400,000. 
Mr. BURCH. Does the gentleman understand 
that this bill has assed the. Senate ? 
Mr. STANTOk I understand that it did pass 
the Senate. 
Mr. BURCH. It has not passed the Senate. 
The bill was introduced by me, and to 
the Committee on Military Affairs. 
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman is right, and 
for his bill the Committee on Military Affairs 
have reported this substitute. 
MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, 1 rea- 
son to believe that in our intercourse with the In- 
dians we have Indian wars which arc gotten' up 
unnecessarily—or worse, from motives of spec- 
ulation, in order that largo claims may bc made 
I believe that the In- 
a(rainst thc Governmen t. 
dians are often causelessly aggravated into con- 
I would inquire of the chairman of thc 
Committee on Military Affairs whcnher, in the 
investigations of these claims, anything of that 
kind has appeared to have been the case in Cal- 
ifornia ? 
Mr. STANTON. The Committee on Militai.y 
Affairs did not make any inquiry into the cause 
If you make that a 
of these Indian hostilities. 
question in every bill which comes before the 
House for reimbursement, I think it is likely one 
half of the claims would be rejected; for, sir, I 
believe that in all our Indian wars, from thc or- 
ganj_zation of the Government, Indian hostilities 
have quite as frequently resulted from depreda- 
tions of reckless white men as from any other 
cause. However, Congress has never regarded 
that as sufficient reason for refusino• reimburse- 
ments for expenses incurred by State or Terri- 
tory for military expeditions, rendered necessary 
for the protection of frontier settlements and the 
safety ofthc lives of women and children , al though 
the alleged cause of tho war may have been the 
acts of reckless white men, with a view possibly 
to speculation. 
r l"he committee huvc done the only thing which 
they think is practicable in this or in any other 
State. '1' hdy have required the Secretary of War 
—the proper Executive Department—to institute 
that. inqun•y in every case; and if, in his judg- 
ment, these expeditions were unnecessary and 
unauthorized, then the committee have directed 
that no payment shall bc made for such disburse- 
ments. 'Chat is all the committee thought they 
could do. 
Mr. CURTIS. It secrns to me that the impu- 
tation which has been cast upon the frontier men 
by my friend frorn Cl'ennossce, (Mr. MAYNARD,] 
ought to be responded to. I have before heard 
the sarne imputa.tion cast upon tlmem. The charge 
is, that the people of t'hc frontier are in the habit 
of getting up Indian wars merely för purposes 
of speculation. 
'l'hat has been charged to bc the 
cage in regard to t hc Oregon and Washington 
war, for which claims are beforc Congress. 
And it seems to be conccdcd, by common con- 
sent, that such a thing is possible. 
Reflect onc 
moment upon the circumstances on which such a 
belief is founded. The frontiers are very exposed; 
settlements and homes are isolated, 
and always 
liable to incursions from the Indians. VVhat pos- 
Sible pecuniary motive could induce the isolated 
settlers to try to draw upon themselves the cruel- 
ties of a savage warfare? The thing is so absurd 
in theory that I should think rational men and 
statesmen would at once see its improbability. 
I have lived in the West most of my life, and 
havc bccn in almost every frontier State of 
Union, and in tho Indian territories west of every 
State of the Union. 
I have been on the plains, 
in the huts of the settlers, and partook of their 
hospitalit.ies, their firesides, and united in their 
protection and defense. I know their anxiety and 
their fearful apprehension in regard to the Indian 
wa rfa re. 
From rny own experience and obser- 
vation, I co.n attest, and I h(fe protest, that none 
of Ille settlers, und none of the traders arnong the 
Indians, desire war. the contrary, it is their 
desire their in terest ways to cultivate peace. 
Truc, there are those on the frontiers—lawless and 
wicked men—who do sometimes encroach upon 
the rights of the Indians; stir up difiiculties bc- 
tween themselves and thc savages with whom tory of the Indians in Kansas were legal, because I 
they associate; and then the Indians, incensed think they were ilicoal; but they were undu 
misapprchension; and the difficulty of the Fed- 
at individual acts of wickedness, retaliate with 
depredations upon the whites. Such wras the case 
in Nebtaska, n year ago last summer, when I 
happened accidentally to bc in that Territory; and 
I Sound twenty or thirty miles of settlement had 
been laid waste bv the Indians, and the whole 
country in a panic of fear and trepidation. 
The settlements of the frontiers are scattered; 
the settlers are not surrounded by their friends; 
and when their homes are desolated, they have 
no relief, and can receive no assistance from their 
friends. Of all thc people on the earth, the fron- 
tier people are the last to seek and desire difficul- 
ties with the Indians. When their homes are 
destroyed, there is no neighbor's door open to 
receive and shelter them; for their neighbors may 
be very remote, and they are not prepared to 
Indian wars ought not to 
shelter the destitute. 
be charged to States or to communities. They 
grow out of those accidents which will occur 
amon& savaoes, and which you cannot avoid. 
'I'here are men everywhere, reckless of consc- 
quences, who have no interest at stake, and who 
would not hesitate to create troubles wiKh the In- 
dians. They engage. in any strife; and where it 
occurs with Indians, they, of course, retaliate by 
war upon the whites. These men prowl al)out 
the frontiers and settlements, as they also livc 
among us. Such men stir up diffculties every- 
where; but I beg Congrcss to cease to charge 
these things upon communities and states, as if 
speculation and profit would be the result of a 
bloody war with the Indians, which would inure 
so much to their pecuniary profit that they would 
involve themselves in the sanguinary hazard. 
Mr. MAYNARD. would like to ask the 
gcntlcn•ian a ql.tcstion. Tho gentleman from Iowa 
has had much better opportunity to become 
acquainted with thcsc Inattcrs than I have, and I 
ask him whether hc does not know that, within 
therc have been incursions and en- 
the last year, 
croachm(fl'lts madc by the settlers in Kansas upon 
the lands belonging to the various Indian tribes, 
and, arnong others, those bclonginT to the Chero- 
kee I ndians; whether thcy were not notified that 
they would have to be removed, by the Commis- 
sioner of I ndian Affairs; and whether they did 
not remain there, in defiance of the notice from the 
Government, until the Government Ivas obliged, 
by force, to remove thcm; and whether that re- 
moval has not been made the pretext for the raids, 
incursions, and depredations of Montgomery and 
his gang of lawlcss men? I ask whether these 
facts are not so? It is so reported to us, and so 
believed. We havc this very rnorning furnished 
the gentleman from 'I'cxas, in the Army bill, with 
a regiment of troops to rcprcss Indian hostilities 
upon the pnrt of the Governmcnt. The settlers 
were not. doing it; mod I thought the appropria- 
tion right, and voted for it. 
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, 1 will answer the 
I do know that 
gentleman with great pleasure. 
avarice and cupidity have induced incursions into 
Indian territory, as it sometimes does in ncigh- 
I know this disposition of fillibustcr- 
horhoods. 
ino• i* one of the most fruitful causes of contro- 
vcrsies in regard to the rights of whites and' In- 
I know that the Cherokee Indians have 
dians. 
boon often obliged to expel those who have pn- 
cronc,hed upon thcir peaceful and wcll-defined tcr- 
I have been arcsidel)tupon thcir frontier; 
and I know they are a very peaceable, worthy, 
and quiet people. Of course, there will be intru- 
sions in all countries. They exist between in- 
dians and whites,as well as between whites them- 
selves. But that is not a qucstion of speculation, 
but a question of right between the whites and 
Indians. Thc right of dominion is a very diffcr- 
ent qu—tion, and often leads to difficulties be- 
tween whit.es, as well as whites and Ind;ans. 
In reference to the Montgomery raid, I do not 
understand that •it has any reference to encroach- 
ments made upon the Cherokee Indians. That 
is a race of civilized Indians, settled and estab- 
lishQ,d under their own laws and institutions; and 
they exhibit a degree of forbearance and civiliza- 
tion which many of us might very well profit by. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 1 desire to answer 
the question propounded by the gentleman from 
rronncssee in refirenc.p.• to the settlements upon 
the indian territory of Kansas. 
I will not say 
that the settlements or the whites upon the terri- 
Cial Government with the citizens•of Kansas who 
settled upon that territory grew out of that mis- 
apprehension. 
i hope this bill for the payment to California 
of what has been paid by that State to repress 
Indian hostilities will not be prejudiced by any 
collateral matter drawn in in this way. Thig 
is an honestdebt, which we owc to a sister State; 
and it was incurred by that State in suppressing 
Indian hostilities when they came down upon 
the frontier settlers, and •cevould have destroyed 
them but for the efforts of the State. I feel an in- 
terest in this matter, because I have experience, 
I appreciate the 
to some extent, in pioneer life. 
diffculties in settling . Indian hostilities, having 
had some such in my owi State. As was well 
said by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. CURTIS, I 
I know it is believed, by men who håve had no 
experience of practical life upon the frontiers, 
that the white citizens encroach upon the righls 
of the Indians, and comrnU depredations upon 
them. 'There is a belief of that sort; but the pio 
necr settlers in all countries with which I have 
any acquaintance arc the most honest, the bravest, 
the most hospitable, the most generous, the most 
peaceable, and the most law-abiding people it has 
ever been my lot to be acquainted with. 
California is filled vit'h many of my own ac- 
quaintances from the State of Missouri; and I ask 
upon this occasion to vindicate their bravery, in- 
tegrity, and honesty; and I say this claim should 
be allowed. without hcsitation. 
Mr. BURCH. I desire to make one rcmark in 
rcfercnce to the objection of the gentleman from 
Tennessee, and I must say I am surprised that 
such an objection should cmnc from him. 
Mr. MAYNARD: 1 desire to disabuse the 
gentleman from California. I did not interpose 
any objection; only made an inquiry. 
Mr. •BURCH. HIS inquiry was, whether these 
wars were not got up for the purposes of specu- 
In this particular instance I know that 
lation. 
was not the case. Thcse wars were instituted by 
the Governor of our State, after repeated applica- 
tions to the officers of the General Government, 
to suppress these depredations. Our State author- 
ities have had no disposition to entail unnecessary 
expenses on our General Government; but have in- 
variably acted on the defensive, and only to afford 
necessary protection to our citizens. We are the 
rnost remote of all our States save one. We are 
constantly subjected to harasses and disturbances, 
to which you oftho older States are total strangers. 
I hope, for your own sakes, you may ever remain 
so. But, sincc I havea personal acquaintance with 
these hardships, and know the propriety of this 
appropriation, I hope I shall be pardoned for this 
trespass on your time, in urging the passage of 
the bill. 
I was present when rnany of these ap- 
plications wcrc made, and was instrumental, as a 
member of the Senate of our State, in the passage 
of an appropriation bill, paying a portion of this 
war debt out of our own treasury, and issuing 
bonds for the rest of' it. 
was more surprised that.this objection should 
havc come from the gentleman fi•orn. Tennessee 
than I should have been had it come from any 
other member of the House; because I believe that 
tl'lis policy of paying far tho suppression of Indian 
hostilities by the States originated with a Senator 
from his own State—General Jackson; it was in- 
augurated in 1828, and has been continued down 
to the present time. At the last session of Con- 
gress we appropriated to the Stato of 
Iowa for Inoncys expended by her in similar ex- 
peditions. We have this morninæ voted over a 
million dollars to Texas, another frontier State. 
-Why has the gentleman permitted all these mat- 
ters to pass by without objection? I presume hd 
must have some special information of tl)e fact 
that these wars have been got up by the people 
of California for the purpose of speculation. As 
was said by the gentleman from Iowa, I do not 
think x,ve should have discharged our duty, if we 
had remained quiet, and permitted these insinua- 
tions to pass unnoticed. One of tbese wars oc- 
curred in my own senatorial district; and I 
svell acquainted with the character of the Indians 
in that country. We have two rnountain ran«res 
of eight hundred miles in extent, which wore filled 
with hostile Indians. I believe that we have now 
