1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
suffciently subdued the host.ile Indians in the 
State, and I doubt very much if there will ever 
a•ain bc any application from oura State for the 
payment of exnen*s of suppressing Indian wars. 
1 believe the Indians have been tho-roughly sub- 
dued> so far as we are concerned. I do not know 
how it may be in the neighboring Territories and 
State, because last winter there was an Indian 
war going on in Washoe; but i believe that, so 
far as our State is concerned, we are entirely rid 
of the hostile Indians who have been 
the country. 
I hope there will be no further objection urged 
to this bill. The subatitute has been reported 
unanimously, I believe, from the Committee on 
Military Affairs. 
I have a letter from the Third 
Auditor of the Treasury, written this winter, rec- 
ommending the principle of settlement which has 
been adopted by the committee. The Treasury 
is thoroughly guarded by the substitute; and it 
is impossible for us to get adollarunless we have 
expended it, or incurred it necessarily, in the 
opinion of the Secretary of War. I hope there 
will bc no further objection to the bill. 
Mr. STOUT. Mr. Chairman, 1 do not desire 
to detain the committee more than a moment in 
relation to this matter; and I would not say a word 
but for the fact that I know something in relation 
to this claim from my own observation. In 1856 
a portion •of this debt was incurred. At that time 
I was a citizen of the State of California; and as 
a member of the Legislature of that State, 1 voted 
for and assisted in the passage of an appropria- 
tion of the sum of $15,000 towards carryin• on 
this war of which it is now proposed to pay the 
expenses. That $15,000 was put under the con- 
trol of the officers prosecut.ing the •war, and only 
some six or seven thousand dollars of it was ex- 
pended. I allude to that fact to show that thcre 
was no unnecessary extravagafice the carryincx 
on of the war, and only what •„vas necessary was 
used at the time. 
I know, also, that during that time the Gov- 
ernor of the State of California applied to the 
commander of the military division upon that 
coast for assistance, and his answer was, that he 
could not furnish troops for the suppression of 
these hostilities. Hence it was absolutely ne- 
cessary that a volunteer force should be called 
into the field; 
and I trust that, in justice to those 
people, the debt will bc paid. 
will not attempt to reply to the suggestions 
made by the gentleman from Tennessee in rela- 
tion to these Ifid ian I,vars being got up for purposes 
of speculation, and that such things are often done 
by the frontier people. That has been properly 
•responded to by the gentleman from Iowa. 
MAYNARD. 1 would ask the 
from California if it is intended to pay interest on 
these disbursements ? 
the bill will not even 
Mr. BURCH. No, sir; 
reimburse the State the amount she has abso- 
lutely expended 01' incurred. 
Mr. MAYNARD. The bill is as to in- 
tercst. 
Mr. BURCH. I will statc to the gentleman 
that thc amount paid under this bill will not come 
within $100,000 of the amount which tho State 
has absolutely paid out or incurred; but I was 
willing to accept it as tlle best that we could ob- 
tain from the Committee on Military Affairs. 
We paid our common soldiers from thirty to fifty 
dollars a month, our captains $100 a month, and 
our other offcers from $100 a month down to fifty 
doliars. But,this bill reduces the pay of our officers 
and soldiers to what is paid by the General Gov- 
ernment to thc regular Army California; so that 
we lose, in that one thing, about one hundred 
thousand dollars. 
Mr. MAYNARD. been 
paid the money they have expended in the prose- 
cution of Indian wars, in which they have been 
engaged, the policy of the Government has been 
not to allow interest excepting where it has been 
shown affirmatively that the State had iLself paid 
interest 01' used un intcrcst-bearing fund. I was 
about to offer a proviso to brin«y this case within 
that rule; but, as the gentleman from California 
assures me that the payment of interest is not 
contemplated, I will not offer the amendrnent. 
Mr. SPINNER. I move to amend the second 
section of the substitutc bv striking oat, in lines 
" and so forth," 
five and twenty-six, the words 
and in line forty, the words " or otherwise;" and 
by inserting, in lines five and twenty-six, before 
the word " personal," 
the word and," and in 
line thirty-mne, before the word " transportation, '3 
the word " and;" so thul the section will read: 
SEC. 2. and be it fu-rthcr enacted, 'I'hat the 'I'llird Auditor 
or the 'Treasury be, and ho hereby is. authorized and rc- 
quircd to audit thc accounts of the said State ot' California 
{Or pay enenls for the services of vol unteers, and for stipplies, 
transportation , and personal services, furnished or rendered 
to said volunteers in the Shasta expedition of 1854, in the 
Siskiyou expedition of 1855, in the Klamath and Huanboldt 
expedition o? 1855, in the San Bernadino expedition •of 
1855, in the Klamath expedition of 1856, in the Modoc ex- 
pedition of 1856, in the Tulare expedition of 1856, in tlie 
Klalnatli and Humboldt expedition of 1858—59, and in thc 
Pitt river expedition of 1859: Provided, That no highcr 
rate shall be allowed or paid the services of said volun- 
tcers than was paid for the services in the same grade and 
for thc same time in the United States Arrny serving in 
Caliiörnia ; nor shall paynnent be Inade fbr the- services of 
any volunteers except {Or the time during whieh-they 
shall bc shown by satisfactory evidencc to have been en- 
oaged in actual- service in the iicld : Oln-d provided further, 
'.l'hat no allowance shall be Inade for the services of any 
person in more than one capacity thc same tinne, Alld 
in auditing the said claims tor supplies, transportation, and 
personal services, the same shall be computed at prices 
corresponding, as near as can be ascertained, to the rntcs 
paid fbr similar supplics, transportation, &c., furnished or 
rendered to the United States Army in the same country, 
at the saine tilne; and the Third Auditor, as to all principles 
not expressly settled_by this aet, shall be governed in au- 
diting and settling said clann.s by the principles adopted in 
his réport upon tho elninus ot• the 'Perritories of Washing- 
ton and ()regon, ot' tbc 7th of February 1800, in pursuance 
()t• a resolution of the Monse of Rcprcsentatives, passed the 
8th of February, J859 : Prorided, 'l'hat he be, and he hereby 
is, authorized and directed, whenever in his opinion the 
evidcnec in support of•auy claian services, supplies, and 
transportation, is not sufficient. to establish suell claim, or 
where he, rna.v have doubts as to the genuinenes* thereof, 
to rc.quirc additional and satisfactory proof touching such 
claün, or the value or the services rendered, or supptles 
furnished, be(bre reporting sue.kl claini settlement and 
pay 'neut as herein directéd : and prouided ,furthcr, 'Yhat 
110 payinent shall be made the expenses of any expedi- 
tion hereinbefin•c mentioned, iC thc Secretary ot• hrVar shall 
be oropinion that there was not a necessity tor calling out 
said troops. 
I think the words so forth" in a statute are 
altogether too loose. 
Mr. BURCH. The effect of the gentleman's 
amendment would bc to Inakc the rule of pay- 
ment imposed upon the Third Auditor apply only 
to transportation, supplies, and personal services. 
Mr. SPINNER. Precisely so. What else 
should there be ? 
Mr. BURCH. we have hired horses and pur- 
chased them; but I will not object. 
Mr. S'I'AN'I'ON. I have no objection to the 
do not think it changes the sub- 
amendment. 
stance of the bill. 
Mr. SPINNER'S amendment was agreed to. 
T hc substitute, as amended, was then adopted. 
Mr. BARR. I movc tb add the following tom 
the bill: 
.Rnd prouided, 'Ithat said State of California does not secede 
fronn tbc nion and set up a separate governrncnt. 
Mr. BURCH. 
I must raise a point of order 
It is an imputation that 
upon that amendment. 
1 have a disposition to go out of the Union, 
whereas my Statc has, as yet, no cause for so 
[Luughter.] 
Mr. LOVEjOY. It is very appropriate, as lhc 
gentleman from California voted against the roso- 
Eution to sustain Major Anderson. 
rl'he CHAIRMAN. Tl'he Chair does not see 
that the amendment is out of order. 
Mr. BARR. I withdraw the amendment, 
I move that the committee do 
Mr BURCH. 
now rise and report the bill to the House. 
The motion l.vas agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker havin«r 
resumed the chair, Mr. MILLSON reported that 
the Committee of thc Whole on the stato of the 
Union had, according to order, had under consid- 
eration the bill (H. R. No. 299) for the payment 
of expenses incurred in the suppression of Illdian 
hostilities in the State of California, and had in- 
structcd hinl to report the same to the House with 
an amendment in thc nature of a substitute. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The bill was then ordered to be. engrossed, and 
read a third time; and, being engrossed, it was 
accordingly read the third tixne. 
Mr. MA Y NARD demanded the yeas and nays 
on the passage of the bill. 
Tho yeas and nays were not ordered. 
The bill was passed. 
Mr. BURCH moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the bill w•as passed; and also moved to lay 
tho motion to reconsider upon the table. 
Thc lattcu• motion was agreed to. 
COMPROMISE VPROPåS1irO,N. 
FLORENCE. 
sent of the House to have 
ment.s which I intend to propose 
made by the committee of ethirtytthrce-., . (10 it: 
with the view that gentlemen: may have an q,.VpöÉ- 
tunity of reading them. 
There being no objection, it was so ordéréd.. 
The amendments are as follows: 
ARTICLE I. Persons-held to service or labor-for-lire:iå 0tiy_ 
State, under the laws thereof, may be taken int0i:åny 
ritory of the United States South oflatitude 360 301' and tite 
right to such ,service or labor shall not-be impair_éd thereby. 
And any Territorial Legislatute shall have thé exe_tuSive 
right to Inake all necdftd: rules and regulations for the, ptö• 
tection of such right, and ot• such persons, and-iOr the inaiR- 
tenanee and treatment of persons and their descend- 
ants, in their d01nestic relations. BLit Congress or any Tet*- 
ritorftll Legislature shall not. have the power to impair or 
abolish such right of scrVide in the said Territory; nor -in 
any other place within the jurisdiction-of tbd United States, 
without the consent of ali the States which-maintain. euch 
service. 
ART. II. When tiny Territory of the Unitéd State* shall 
have a population equal to the ratio of Irepcesq•ntatiön• for 
one member of Congress. and the people-Shzill'hav@lörmöd 
a constitution for a republican Ibr10 0? government,] it*hidi• 
bc adrnittcd as a sovereign Statc into -the, (Jniön, on an- 
equal footing with the other States, by the pröclmnation Of 
thc President of the United States; and the people Inay,in 
the constitution for such piohibit or regulate 
the right to labor or service Nfld alter and amend the con- 
stitution at tbcir will. And it' the President rei'L1#s toad- 
mit such Territory as a State, article Shail not depiiVe 
Congress of the powcr to ndlnit such State. 
ART. Ill. 'l'he present right of' representation in section 
two, article one, of the Constitution the United States, 
shall never be altared, without the coik*entof' all thO States 
nraintaining the right to service or labor for lifö. And the 
regulation of {.hc riunt to labor or service in any of the States, 
is - hereby recognized to bc exclusively the right 01' each 
State within its own limits ; and this 'Constitution shall 
never be altered or amended to impair this right of each 
State without its consent Provided, That this article shall 
not be construed to absolve the United States Govcrmnent 
from rendering assistance to,suppress• insurrections or do- 
nicstic violence, as provided in section four, arucle fbur, 
of this Constitution, 
ART. I V. TL'he exclusive power to regulate or abolisb the 
right to labor or service for lifc in the l)istriet or-Columbia, 
hereby ceded 'to thc State of Marylünd; to be exercised 
in ctnn11iDn with such right in that State, subject, -never- 
thclcsa, to the judicial jurisdiction of the District ot• Colum- 
bia. 
A RT. V. No State shall pass any law in any way inter- 
ftring with, or obstructing -the recovery of fugitives from 
justice, or from labor or service ; or any law of Congress 
made under article tour, section two, of this Constitutien ; 
and all laws in violation of this article may be declared 
void by the Supreme Court of the United the suit 
of any Statc. 
ART. VT. As a right of eornity between the citizens of 
the several States, thc right of transit with persons held 
to labor or service 
life, or for years, from one State to 
another, shall not, be interfered wit.h without the consent or 
all the States inaintaining such service. 
ART. VI I. Whenever any State shall grant by law to 
citizens ot• other States tbc right 01' sojourn for a Ihnited 
period with persons held to service or labor, if such per- 
sons escape, tbcy *hall be subject to recovery as fugitives 
under the provisions of this Constitution, and shall be re- 
turncd to Ibo, Stat.c frorn which they wcrc brought. 
ART. VI I]. 'I'he traffic in slaves with Africa is hereby 
forever prohibited ; and the descendants of Africans shall • 
not be Inade citizens. 
AR.'P. I X. All acts of any inhabitant of the United- States 
tending to incite persons held to service or labör td insur- 
rcction or acts of domestic violence, or to abscond, Shall be . 
considered and prohibited ag contraw to law and penål 
offense. 
ART. X. 'The county of any State wherein a person owing 
servicc or labor is rescued from the custody of the owner, 
agent, or oflicer, shall he bound to pay the full vaine of 
such person, for the use of e owner, at the suit ot• the 
United States. 
ART. X r. Persons held to service or labor for life, under 
laws of any State or Territory, shall not bc taken into 
any 'I'erritory of the United States while in a territorial 
condition north of latitude 360 30'. 
ART. X I r. Alleged fugitives frotn labor or service, on re- 
quest, shall have a trial by jury at the place to which they 
mav be rellitned. 
Än•r. XI L f. All alleged fugitives charged with crirne com- 
rnitted in violation of tbc laws of the State frorn which they 
fled, shall, on demand, be returned to such State, and shall 
havet he. right. of trial by jury; and, 
if -such person clanns 
to be a citizen of another State, shall have aright of appeal, 
or of writ of error, to thc Supreme Court of the United States. 
ART. X [V. Citizens of any State sojourning in another 
State shall not be subject to violonce or punisnment, nor 
injured in their persons or property, without trial by jury 
and due proccss of law. 
ART. X V. No State, or the people thereof, shall retire 
froin this Union '.vithout the consent of three fourths of_alk 
the States, 
ART. X VI. TliC reserved power of the people in-thrée 
fourths of the States to call and form a national convention 
to alter, amend, or abolish this Constitution, according to 
its provisions, shall never be questioned, notwithsnnding 
the directions in article five of the Constitution; 
ART. X Vil. 'Ill')e artieies eight, nine, and ten, of these 
mnendtnents, shall not bc altered without- the consent- of 
all the States inaintaining service or labor for life. 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 call fu the regular order 
of business. 
