480 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 19. 
The SPEAKER, as the regular order of busi- 
ness, proceeded to call the committees for reports 
of a private character. 
FERGUSON AND JAMES ROBB. 
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on 
Military Affairs, made an adverse report on the 
petition of Hugh Ferguson and James Robb, 
praying an amendment of the bounty land laws; 
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be 
printed. 
HENRY WDNTLING. 
Mr. STANTON, from the same committee, 
made an adverse report on the petition of Henry 
Wentling; which was laid on the table, and or- 
dered to be printed. 
MAJOR BENJAMIN ALVORD. 
Mr. CURTIS, from the same committee, re- 
ported back, with a recommendation that it do 
pass, Senate bill No. 376, for the relief of Major 
Benjamin A1 vord, paymaster in the United States 
Army; and asked that it be put upon its passacre. 
It authorizes and directs 
The bill was read. 
the accounting officers of the Treasury, in settling 
the accounts of Major Benjamin Alvord, pay- 
master in the United States Army, to crcdit him 
with the sum of $14,000, being the amount of 
public money for which he was accountable, and, 
which was lost by the shipwreck of the steamship 
Northerner, in January, 1860, near Cape Mendo- 
cino, it having been fo;warded him in 
that ship by the assistant quartermaster in San 
Francisco. 
The bill was. read the third time, and paoed . 
Mr. CURTIS moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay 
the Inotion to reconsi(ler on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
SAMUEL 11. FRANKLIN. 
Mr. MORSE, from the Committee on Naval 
Affairs, reported back, with n recommendation 
that it do pass, Senate bill No. 398, for the relief 
of' Samuel R. Franklin; and asked that it be put 
upon its passage. 
It authorizes and instructs 
The bill was read. 
the accounting officers of the rrreasury to allow 
to Lieutenant Samuel R. Franklin, of the United 
States Navy, in the settlement of his accounts, 
tlme between the pay he received as lieu- 
tenant and the pay that a purser would have rc- 
ceivcd on board of the United States sloop-of- 
war Falmouth, during the period in which he 
discharged the dl_ities of purser on board said 
vessel, provi(led the sum shall not exceed #598 63. 
'I'he bill was read the third time, and passed: 
Mr. MORSE movcd to reconsider the vote by 
which thc bill was passed; and also moved to lay 
the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motiön was agreed to. 
COMMODORE 11. PAULDING. 
Mr. POTTLE, from the Committee on Naval 
Affairs, reported back, with reconnnendation 
that it do pass, a joint resolution (S. No. 59) au- 
thorizing Con-nnodore I-I. Paulding to accept a 
sword aiid land from the Government of Nica- 
rvua. 
NIC. QUARLES. is not of a private na- 
turc, und I supuose is therefore not in order. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the case 
comes within the definition of private. 
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes 
Commodore I-I. Paulding, of the United States 
Navy, to accept the grand of land and the sword 
presented to him by the Republic of Nicaragua. 
Mr. POTTLE moved the previous question on 
the third reading of the bill. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered; and, under its operation, 
the joint resolution was read the third time, and 
which the ioint resolution was passed; and also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
LIEUTENANT JOIIN C. CARTER. 
Mr. POT rltLE also, from tho Committee on 
Naval A ffairs, reported back, with a recommend- 
ation that it do pass, a joint resolution (S. No. l) 
for the relief of Lieutenant John C. Carter; and 
asked that it be put upon its passace. 
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes, The bill was read. It provides for releasing the 
and directs the proper accounting offcers of the ' parties named in the bill from two several bonds 
Treasury, in the settlement of the accounts of for transportation, dated October 27, 1859, on con- 
Lieutenant John C. Carter, of the United States dition that the parties shall pay to the collector of 
Navy, to allow him the sum provided in the joint 
resolution of Congress approved February 13, 
1855, for such expenses as were _incm•red by hiln 
while acting as purser on board the ship Massa- 
chusetts, while undergoing repairs at San Fran- 
Cisco, California, deducting therefrom the sum 
paid or allowed him on account of the same since 
the date of the passage of the aforésaid joint 
resolution; provided the sum shall not exceed 
$955 36. 
The joint resolution was read the third time, 
and passed. 
Mr. POTTLE moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the joint resolution was passed; and also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
CAPTAIN JOHN FAUNCE AND OTHERS. 
Mr. POTTLE, from the Committee on Naval 
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation 
that it do pass, the joint resolution in the case of 
Captain John Faunce, and other officers of the 
revenue cutter Harriet Lane; and asked that it be 
put upon its passage. 
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes 
and directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay 
to the omcers of the revenue cutter Harriet Lane, 
and to the heir or heirs of such as may have died 
since the transfer of that vessel to the Secretary 
of the Navy for the purpose of the Paraguay ex- 
pcdition, the difference of pay between oflicers of 
t.he United States Navy and the officers of said 
vessel of the same grade, while they were so em- 
ployed. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f Illinois. 1 hope there 
will be some explanation of this matter, because 
it opens a very widö door. 
Mr. POTTLE. The facts are all stated in the 
report; but I can explain thc matter in a few 
words. The rcvcnue cu tter Harriet Lane 
A MEMBER. Let the report be read. 
It appears therefrom that 
The report was read . 
when the late expedition to Paraguay was set on 
foot, t.lle Secretary of the Navy, not having a 
sufficient m.unber of vessels at his disposal, called 
upon the Secretary of the 'I'reasury för the tem- 
porary use of a revenue cutter; and accordingly 
the Harriet Lane and her officers were transfL•rred 
to the Navy Dcparttnent•, and were for nearly 
twelve months under the control of the flag-officer 
of that expedition. Captain Faunee asks for him- 
self and his assistant oflieers the sarne pay, while 
thus engaged, as was received by the offcers of 
the. Navy who were assimilated in grade. The 
Committee on Naval Affairs deemed the request 
to be reasonable; and, finding that it is not with- 
out preceden t, they recommend the passage of the 
joint resolution. 
I think that 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
that joint resolution ought to bc referred to a Com- 
mittee of tbc Whole House. 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from 
I Ilinois object to its consideration at this time ? 
IVIr. WÄSHBURNE, of Illinois. 
do, as it 
I Inove that it be re- 
makes an appropriation. 
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House. 
It was so referred. 
OTWAY 11. BERRYMAN. 
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on Na- 
val Afklirs, reported back, with a recommenda- 
tion that it do pass, a bill (S. No. 145) for thc 
relief ofOtway H. Berryman; which was referred 
to a Conunittee of the Whole House, and ordered 
to be printed. 
OWNERS OF SHIP JUNIOR. 
Mr. ELIOT, from the Cmm•nittecon Commerce, 
the United States the amount of the duties on the 
goods mentioned, interest at the rate of six 
per cent. , with all the costs which may have been 
incurred in any proceedings which may have been 
instituted in the matter. 
Mr. MAYNARD. Without some explanation 
of that bill, shall object. 
Mr JOHN COCHRANE. 1 intended to give 
the House an explanation which will unquestion- 
ably .be satisfactory to every gentleman. On the 
7th of October, 1859, these parties entered into 
bonds to transport twenty quarter casks of brandy 
I to New Orleans. A warehousing entry was made, 
and the transportation bonds given to deliver the 
casks to the collector at New Orleans. Instead 
of being delivered to him, however, they were de- 
livered to the consignee, which was a breach of 
the law, and the bonds were therefore forfeited; 
but the act having been committed out of the ig- 
norance of the parties, and the Government losing 
nothing by the operation, the parties paying the 
duties on the goods, with six per cent. interest, it 
is evident and clear that the bonds should be can- 
celed. The recon-nnendation of thc Secretary of 
the Treasury is that this relief shall be given by 
Congress, because he is assured and believes that 
the transaction was one in good faith, although 
it was a violation of-the law. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. wish to inquire of 
the gentleman from New York whether the proof 
is clear that these parties have discharged their 
obiizations by the payment of the duties on the 
goods ? 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. That is a 
tion contained in the bill. 
There being nö objection, the bill was ordered 
to be engroNed, and read a third time; and was 
accordingly read the third timc, and passed. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider 
the vote by whic.l') tha bill was passed; und also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
AARON 11. PALMER. 
Mr. TAPPAN. ask the unanimous consent 
of the I-louse to discharge the Committee of the 
Whole House on the Private Calendar from the 
further consideration of Senate bill No. Ill, för 
the relief of Aaron H. Palmer; and that the bill be 
put on its passage. 
The bill was read. 
Mr. TAPPAN. desire merely to say that 
this matter has undergone a thorough investiga- 
tion in the committee of the Senate, and in the 
committee. of the House. The compensation is 
deemed to be very inadequate for the labor per- 
formed; but i hope there will be no objection to 
the passage of the bill. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 think remember that 
claim, and that it is a very old and litigated one. 
I do not think the I-louse ought to pass it with- 
out further consideration. 
Mr. TAPPAN. the gentleman from 
North Carolina allow the report to be read? Per- 
i haps that may remove any objections he may 
have. 
have no objection to hear- 
Mr. BRANCH. 
ing the report read. 
The report was read. 
Mr. BRANCH. I must still object to the con- 
gideration of that bill. 
GABRIEL J. JOHNSTON. 
Mr. NOELL. I ask • the unanimous consent 
of the House to discharge the Committee of the 
YVholc House on the Private Calendar from the 
reported a bill for the relief of D. R. (keen and further consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 876) 
for the benefit of Gabriel J. Johnston. 
which was read a first and second time, referred' II 
I will state to the House that the object of this 
to a Comtuittee of the Whole House, and ordered bill is simply to authorize the Land Ofiicc to issue 
a-patent for one hundrcd and forty-odd acres of 
to be printed. 
land, which he cntered more than thirty years 
ADAMS, M'KINNEY AND ADAMS. 
ago. At the time the entry was made the tract 
- was technically reserved from saleasmineral land. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the same com 
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of .Tames M. I The President had been authorized by Congress 
Adams, Henry D. McKinney, and MT illiam D. to expose all lands of that class to sale as other 
Adams; which was read a first and second time. lands, but this entry had been made a short time 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the bill before it had been offered for sale. In consequence 
of this fact, the commissioner declined to issue a 
be put upon its passage. 
