484 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 21, 
county of Montgomery, most of them farmers 
and mechanics, friends of the Union, who pray 
that Congress will adopt the resolutions of the 
honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. CRIT- 
I move that 
TENDEN,] or something like them. 
it lie on the table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
BILt INTRODUCED. 
Mr. BIGLER asked, and by unanimous con- 
sent obtained, leave to introduce bill (S. No. 
541) in relation to the liabilities of the collectors 
of customs; which was read twice by its title, and 
referred to the Committee on Commerce. 
MESSAGE FROM 'illE 110US1g. 
A message fröm the House of Representativcs, 
by Mr.' I-lays, Chief Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed the following bills and joint 
resolution; in which the concurrence of the Senate 
was requested: 
Aybill (C. C. No. 94) for the reliefofAugustus 
H. Evans; 
A bill (No. 263) for the reliefof John Johnson, 
of Ohio; 
A bill (No. 356) for the relief of the creditors 
of Daniel B. Vondersmith ; 
A bill (No. 390) for the relief of Stephen Bun- 
A bill (No. 623) for the relief of William cow. 
ing; 
bill (No. 654) granting a pension to Thomas 
Bootle; 
A bill (No. -724) for the relief of Sampson 
Stan$'l., 
A bill (No. 740) granting an increase of pension 
to Jane W. McKee, widow of Colonel William 
R. McKee, of tbc second regiment of Kentucky 
volunteers; 
A bill (No. 858) granting a pension to Rufus 
L. Harvey; 
A bill (No. 876) for the benefit of Gabriel J. 
Johnston ; 
A bill (No. 926) granting an invalid pension to 
Peter Navarre; 
A bili (No. 94.1) for the relief ot- James M. 
Adams, Henry D. McKinney, and William D. 
Adams; 
A bill (No. 942 \ for the relief of Sallie C. 
Northrup; 
A bill (No. 943) to provide for bringing up the 
arrearages of the land offee at Olympia, Wash- 
ington Terrilory•, and 
A joint -resolution (No. 59) authorizing Com- 
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 will suggest to Senators that The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a motion 
I it appears to me to be paying very little deference now pending to take up a certain message of the 
to a grave communication from the President to President. 
lay it upon the table, where it is not even to be Mr. YULEE. I was about to state that I was 
desirous during the morning hour (though if it be 
considered. The Senator from Pennsylvania, per- 
I haps, may not exactly understand what I mean. preferred by the Senate I can take soine other 
It may be my disposition to compliment the Pres- time) to make an announcmuent to the Senate of 
a purpose which rny colleague and myself enter- 
tam, and which I think might bc appropriately 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator ; made during the morning hour. We shell, how- 
ever, of course, submit ourselves to the pleasure 
from Louisiana yield? 
Mr. DOOLITDLE. 1 will state, frankly, the Senate. 
reason why 1 am opposed to taking it up at the The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator 
ask unanimous consent to make his remarks? 
present time; and it is, that, by •general under- 
Mr. KING. To do what? 
standing, at half past twelve o'clock, the bill for 
the admission of Kansas was to come up, for the Mr. COLLAMER. We do not understand 
purpose of voting upon the amendment ofIÄ•ed by what the purposc is. Perhaps I did not hear. 
Mr. WADE. We did not hear what the Sen- 
the Senator from Indiana. I think that was the 
ator from Florida did say. 
understanding when the Senate adjourned on Sat- 
Mr. YULEE. we desire a commu- 
urday. 
nication to the Senate, which we suppose to bc of 
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 do not anticipate that there 
can be any discussion on this question. I, at any a privilcgcd nature, and having reference to our 
connection with this body. 
rate, have a right to offer my resolutions; and I 
Mr. BAKER and others. Certainly. 
trust that that courtesy will be conceded to me. 
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand this is a per- 
I now ask leave to present the resolutions. 
i The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator 
sonal matter to the gentlemen that they wish to 
be heard about. 
withdraw the motion to take up the message ? 
modore H. Paulding to receive a sword and a 
grant of land awarded to him by the Republic of 
Nicaragua. 
The message further announced that the House 
had passed the following bills and joint resolution 
of the Senate: 
A bill (No. 376) for the relief of Benjamin Al- 
vord, paymaster United States Army; 
A bill (No. 398) for the relief of Samuel R. 
Franklin; and 
A joint resolution (No. 15) for the relief of 
Lieutenant John C. Carter. 
SECRETARY OF WAR. 
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 ask that the message ofthe 
President, communicated to the Senate on tho 
16th of January, be -now taken up for the pur- 
pose of referring it the Committee on the Judi- 
ciary, with certain resolutions that I will offer. 
I presume, as it is mere question of reference, it 
will lead to no 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The from 
Louisiana moves that the message of the Presi- 
dent, in answer to a certain resolution introduced 
by that Senator, be no'..v taken up. 
Mr. BIGLER. I should kike to know from the 
Senator from Louisiana, before I vote for takino 
up this message, whether it is intended to discuss 
Mr. SLIDELL. No; to refer it. 
Mr. BIGLER. well, Mr. President, 1 will 
not object to taking it up; but, when it is taken 
up, I hope the Senate will refuse to refer it to the 
Committee on the Judiciary. I think the subject 
has had quite imp61'tanc.e enough already. 
CRITTENDEN. What is the question? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to 
take up the message of the President of the Uni- 
ted States in unswer to a resolution of the Sen- 
Mr. SLIDELL. Temporarily. 
The PRESIDENT. The resolutions 
which the Senator from Louisiana presents will 
be read. 
The Secretary read the resolutions, as follows: 
Resolved, That, in the opinion of the Senate. the rcasons 
given by the President, in his Ines5age of' the iGth instant, 
lor not communicating to the Senate at an earlier day the 
fact of his having appointed, on thc 31st of December last, 
Joseph Holt as acting Secretary of War, are not satisläc- 
tory. 
Resolved, That, in the opinion of the Senate, the grounds 
assurned by the President in his aforesaid Inessage in sup- 
port of his views of the executive authority to make, durincr 
the session of the Senate, an appoiut:ncnt of an acting Sec- 
retary of War for a period not exceeding six months, lim- 
ited by his own discretion, are at variance, not only with the 
• intent 
letter spi rit of tl•.c Constitution, but witli the tl u • 
and nu•aning of t.he act of 13th Februai•y, 1795, to 4i'hich he 
has reterred, and, if suffered to pass by without express dis- 
sent, would a precedent alike dangerous to the 
principles on which our systen) of Governtnent was estab- 
fished, and in derogation of the constitutional rights and 
privileges ot•thc Senate. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator 
ask for the present consideration of the resolu- 
tions ? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let them lie over. 
Mr. SLIDELL. very well; then 1 give notice 
that to-morrow I will call up the resolutions. 
make the motion now to take up the President's 
message, for the purpose of considering it. I ( the 
resolutions cannot be entertained to-day, I shall 
call them up to-morrow, and every day until the 
subject is disposed of. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfi•om 
Louisiana moves to take up the message of the 
President of the United States, in answer to the 
resolution of the Senate in regard to the vacancy 
in the offce of Secretary of 
Mr. COLLAMER. i believe the time fixed 
for taking up the bill for the admission of Kansas 
has now arrived. I rnove that it be taken up. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Hearing a 
gestion of that kind from some Seriator, the Chair 
inquired of tbc Secretary if there had been any 
order of the Senate to take it up at half past twelve 
o'clock, and is informed there is none; but it is 
unfinished business, and will take precedence at 
one o'clock, 
The VICE PRESIDEN . Does the Senator 
from Florida ask unanimo consent? The Chair 
hears no objection. 
Mr. YULEE. Mr. resident, I rise to make 
known to the Senate that in consequence of cer- 
II tain proceedings which have lately taken place in 
I the State of Florida, my colleague and myself are 
of the opinion that our connection with this body 
is legally terminated. 
I i The Slate of Florida has, through a convention 
II Of her people duly assembled, decided to recall 
l! the powers delegated to this Government, and to 
assume the full éxercise of ail hcr sovereign rights 
It as an independent and separate community. 
I am sure I truly represent her when I say that 
her people have not been insensible to the many 
blessings they have enjoyed under the Constitu- 
tion of the United States, nor to the proper ad- 
vantages of n Union directed to the great purposes 
of establishing just.ice, insuring dornestic tran- 
quillity, protnotin•g the general welfare, and secur- 
ing thc blessings of tibcrty to themselves and their 
posterity." f i'hcy• have held in patriotic reverence 
the memories that belong to the Union of' Amer- 
icall States in its ori&in and progress, and have 
cluncr with a fond assurancc to the hope that its 
wise plan, and the just principles upon which it 
was based, would secure for it a perpetual endur- 
ance and transcendent usefulness. 
They have decided that their social tranquillity 
and civil security are jeoparded by a longer con- 
tinuance in the Union, not from the contemplated 
or necessary operation of the Constitution, but 
from the consequences, as they conceive, of an 
unjust exercise of the powers it conferred, and a 
persistent disregard of the spirit of fraternity and 
equality in which it was founded. Recent events 
have impressed tl'hern witli the belief that the peace 
of their homes and the preservation of their com- 
munity interests can only be secured by an im- 
mediate withdrawal from the dangers of a per- 
verted and hostile employment of the powers of 
the Federal Government. They are not willing to 
disturb the peace of their associates by an inflamed 
and protracted struggle within the Union, for 
rights they could never, with self-respect or safety, 
surrender, and against a policy of administration 
made a special order for half past twelve o'clock. 
, I gard to be hostile to their best interests, and vio- 
An ofttir was made for an understanding of that 
• • lative of the legitimate duty and trusts of the Gov- 
kind, but it was not accepted; but still I am. Will- 
l: ernment. They have preferred to abandon all the 
ing to take it up and dispose of it; and if taken 
hopes they rested upon the cormnon growth and 
up, I wish to speak just two minutes, and no 
common power of the Union, and to assume the 
rnore. 
serious responsibilities ofa separate existence and 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is 
new and untried relations. It is only under a deep 
on the motion of the Senator frorn Louisiana. 
sense of duty to themselves and their posterity that 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would it be in order to 
so important a step has been taken. I am sure that 
move to postponc all other prior orders, and pro- 
the people of Florida will ever preserve a orateful 
cecd to the consideration of the bill for the ad- 
memory of their past connection with this Gov- 
mission of Kansas? 
ernment, and a just pride in the continued devel- 
Mr. COLLAMER. That is the question be- 
i opt-nei)t of American society. They will also 
i fore the Senate, uüderstand. 
remember that ullbough, to their rco•ret, a major- 
WITHDRAWAL or SENATORS. 
ity of the people in the States of the northern sec- 
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, if 
tion of the Union have seen their duty to lie in a 
I i path fatal to the safety of southern society, they 
have had t.he sympathies of glarge array of noble 
Mr. GREEN. The Kansas question was not II which, although sanctioned and authorized by the 
late decision of a majority of the States, they re- 
ator from Louisiana, touching the appointment to the Senate—if there is no order pressing beforé 
of an acting Secretary of War. 
the Senate—— 
