490 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 21, 
comparative peace, except only the agitation kept 
up by a small band of Abolitionists, in the North, 
vv'hö wrote and harangued against colonization, 
and in favorof immediate and unconditignal eman- 
cipation of African Slaves everywhere. But the 
annexatio» of Texas—they say she Wih need an- 
nexing again soon—the consequent war with Mex- 
ico, and the acquisition of new territory, renewed 
the strife in Congress once more; and by 1850 
the country witnessed a scene not entirely dissim- 
ifar to that which now surrounds us. The first* 
attempt at-adj ustment was that of the Senator from 
Illinous,• [Mr. DOUGLAS,] on the basis of the plan 
which had given the country peace in 1820; but 
it is matter of history that this proposition was 
VOted against by the northern members of both 
branches of Congress, with few exceptions, and 
defeated. The anti-slavery men opposed its adop- 
tion in 1820; resisted its extension to the Pacific 
ocean in 1848; and contended against its repeal in 
1854. This means of adjustment beiiP rejected, 
another was absolutely necessary; ana the com- 
promisc mcasurcs of 1850 were the offsprint-r of 
the wisest heads and the purest hearts in the 
land. But the peace that followed was brief. 
The legislation of 1854 in some measure renewed 
the excitement; and the cotemporaneous organ- 
ization of a sectional, anti-slavery party, since 
proper and safe mode of doing this, could that be 
brought about with sufficient promptitude to meet 
the exigencies of the times, would be a conven- 
tion of the States—I mean all the States—to meet 
as our fathers met in Philadelphia in 1787. A 
body thus constituted would reflect the real sen- 
timeh•ts of the people, and the cool judoment and 
patrioifsrn of the land; and I cannot äoubt that 
the resuboul(l be the adoption of new bonds of 
Union, under which all M7e States could live for 
many generations in harmony, if .not till the end 
of time. Bat the crisis is upon us; the exigencies 
admit of no delay. The dissatisfied States demand 
immediate. assurance of justice and equality with in 
the Union, and the return of good will and frater- 
nity among the people, else they separate at once, 
and possibly forever, from tho Government of the 
United States, whatever the hazards or sacrifices 
may be. Action—-prompt action and thorough, 
is imperatively demanded on all sides. The prop- 
osition of the Senator from Kentucky to take the 
sense of the people immediately on measures of I 
adjustment, which, it is believed, would arrest the 
progress of dissolution, and ultimately restore 
peace and good will, is, to my mind, the most 
auspicious step we can take. I am of those who 
believe his rncasures will be accepted by the north- 
ern people, whatever the politicians may say or 
known as the Republican party, gave embodiment do to the contrary; and why should they not be 
and force to the new agitation. Next came the 
submitted? Why should we not make at least 
struggle between the North and the South for as- 
this effort to save the Union? In God's name, 
cendency in Kansas, with its countless excesses, 
are we to stand idly by and see this great Gov- 
outrages, usurpations, seditions, and crimes; next crnment broken into fragments, and possibly the 
tbe struggle about the admission of the State of whole nation plunged into an internecine war? If 
Kansas; and in 1858 came the era of the dogma there be not statesmanship, love of country, mag- 
Of an irrepressibfe conflict" between tbc insti- 
nnnimity, and justice enough in Congress to save 
tutions of the States, enunciated by the President 
the Government, let us say so to the people, and 
elect, Mr. Lincoln, and tho distinguished Senator 
call upon them to come to tho rescue. But why 
from New York, [Mr. SEWARD.] Then followed should any man object to tho reference of this 
the John Brown raid on the State of Virginia; and question to Ibe popular witl in the several States; 
next the developments of tbc mischievous doc- 
or who will say that he will not obey that will, 
trines of the Hclper book, indorsed by sixty-ninc • whatever it may be? Cert.ainly no Senator will 
members of Congress; and the vote of sixty Re- assume o•round so untenable. 
I can readily sce 
publican members of Congress for the Blake res- 
why Senators might be un willing to accept these 
olution, to say nothing of the unjust and highly propositions for the people; but I can see no just 
offensive attack made on southern Inen and south- 
I reason for refusing the people the opportunity to 
ern institutions, in this body, by the Senator from accept them for themselves and for their repre- 
side, or that either is blameless. Were the sacred 
challenge invoked in this body, " whosoever is 
without sin amongst y let him cast the first 
stone," I should have o fear of whizziwy rniS* 
siles from the other s' c of the Chamber; nor do 
I believe thcrc wot d be many discharged from 
this. 
As I have said b fore, I considerthe warof crim- 
ination and recriminat.ion about slavery the root 
of the evil that besets our country; and the or- 
ganization of a sectional party based on that issue, 
derivinff its vital energies from that question, as 
the effective means by which the country has been 
brought to the brink of destruction; and -of these 
things I shall speak more at length hereafter. 
This is mv view, cxpressed in no unkind spirit, 
and only because I *vvould impress upon Senators 
on the othcr side, and upon the Inen they repre- 
sent, the duty of concession at their hands. The 
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky pre- 
sents the means of doing this without much sac- 
rificc of feeling or pride or principle. 
proposition, so far as the Territories are con- 
cerned, simply to divide—to give all north of 360 
30' to the North, excluding slavery, and to give 
all south of that line to the South, for her insti- 
tutions, during the territorial condition; and on 
either Sidc of the line, as everybody knows, when 
the rl'crritorics become sovereign States, they can 
have slavery or not, as they please. 
Is thcre 
anything unreasonable in the scheme? Can any- 
thing be more simple' and just? It involves no 
dishonor, and the sacrifice of no admitted right, 
nor does it extend slavery one foot, or add one 
slave to the number now in bondage. 
adjustment on terms that must commend thorn- 
selves to all fair-minded men. We cannot agree 
about thc manæyement of this joint estate. -w c 
have kept up a protracted and angrv controversy 
about its management; and the Senator froru Ken- 
tacky proposes to divide it on thc para}icl of 360 
30', giving the frcc States about nine hundred 
thousand square miles, and the slaveholding States 
about two hundred and eighty thousand square 
miles. Surely the North should not complain of 
a division so generous to her. 
If we vverc about 
to makc a peaceable division , no one would offer the 
Massachusetts, [Mr. SUMNER.] Since then the 
sentatives. Does any man doubt the intelligence South less, and no umpire would award them less. 
sectional patty of whose origin I have spoken 
and patriotism of the people; or will any onc say But therc seems to be peculiar sensitiveness on 
have carried the elections in the North like a tor- 
hc does not seek the counsel and advice of his 
nado; and now their President c!ect, with the dog- constituents in these times of trouble? It seems 
mas of his party as his guide, is awaiting the 4th 
to me that Senators on the other side, whether i 
of March to take possession of the Government; 
the propositions of the Senator from Kentucky 
and though a millkon of Inen more voted against or those proposed.by myself be acceptable or not, I 
than for him, hc is constitutionally ctectcd, and should not hesitate to trust them to the people. I 
must hold the omce. 
am quite sure, under similar circumstances, I 
The southern people, to a great extent, belicvc 
should be very willing to take and abide the judg- 
that those dogmas are to carried out by the in- 
ment of those I rcprcsent. Were it the question 
comin& Administration, and that they are incon- 
of' adopting the resolutions as amendments to the 
sistent with the constitutional rights of the peo- Constitution, to be referred to the States for rat- I 
ification, members might well insist on havincr 
ple of fit•tcon of the sovereign States of the Union ; 
that those fifteen States arc to be deprived of their 
iust such propositions as met their own judgment; 
just rights under 
the Constitution, and thereby i} but if they believe any measure of peace neces- 
rendered 
than equals in 
the Congederacy, sary, I cannot sec why they should refuse to refer 
which constitutes, in their opinion, degree of tho propositions to tho people, although they then)- 
dishonor and bumiliation to which t bey will not 
selves might be unwilling to accept them. 
submit, preferring the dissolution of tlGe IJnion, 
This may be called an extraordinary step; it 
and some say, even civil war, pestilcncc, and may be said it is irregular; that it is without war- 
famine. South Carolina already denies her alle- rant in the Constitution. My answer to all this is, 
giance to the United States; and Florida, Ala- that the times are irregular; the nature of the case i 
the other side about the tcnns to bQ employed in 
expressing this division. Why should that be 
so? Is it not intended to be a division in good 
faith, and that each section shall havc its share 
during the con tin uance of the territorial condition ? 
If so, why not say so? There is a perfect will- 
ingness to interdict slavery on the north side. 
Then why not recocrnize and maintain it on the 
south? Surely no honorable man will seek to 
have both sides of the bargain. 
If it be said that by this division, according to 
yourdoctri ne, you yield the righ t toexclude slavery 
from two hundred and eighty thousand square 
miles south of the line, southern tnen reply Ihat, 
. according to their doctrine—and, in rnyjudgment, 
the truc doctrine—they yield the right to go into 
nine hundred thousand square miles nortli of the 
line. As for the question of future acquisitions, 
I would not stand upon that point, though I think 
it the part of wisdom to makb the settlement final. 
The junior Senator from California [Mr. LATHAM I 
- requires extraordinary measures; and certainly } I fcars that this feature of the adjustment may re- 
emn conventioa declared thcir determination to there is nothing in the Constitution denying tbc i strain future acquisitions. Be it so. I think expc- 
right to Congress to submit propositions to the 
ricncc is demonstrating that wc have quite as 
resist its authority; and the ten vacant seats on i decision of the people—the power that croatod t.hß much country as we are capable of goveri'1i1P. 
this side tell thc story of the progress of tho rev- Constitution. Did it propose the exercise of a But he bases his opinion on the hypothesis that 
olution in terms more. significant than anv I can final and binding action by Congress, then the 
the present state of feeling between tho North and 
employ. Meanwhile, mutual jealousy, discord, 
questions of power and propriety might well bc 
thc South is to continue, and that as men and par- 
and strife, are inflaming the whole land. So stand I raised. Bat as it is a proposition to consult the ! 
ties now stand arrayed, so they are to stand for 
parties arrayed, and so stand the affairs of our power that makes constitutions, I do not see that 
centuries to come. The experience of the world, 
distracted country at this hour. 
it can be regarded as thc exercise of a dangerous and especially that of our own country, is against 
Our mission—a holy and sacred one—is to avert authority. But perhaps gentlemen on the other 
the assumption. Could believe this, then in- 
the impending calamities. Our task is to perpet- 
side may bc flattering themselves with the idca deed would I despair of the Republic. Butl trust 
uate the institutions left us by the fathers. Arc that there is no real danger to the stability of the 
that thc slavery agitation will soon culminate and 
we equal to it? Can it be performed? Will it Government, nor the peace. of the nation. Or, ) reccdc,and that the American people svill embrace 
bo perforrned? What sacrifices will it require? 
_)erhaps, they have concluded that even if' it so other ideas and topics. But the North need not 
'I that the country is in peril, they have had no to this provision: for if the question 
Must countless treasure be expended, and rivers 
hand in producing that State of affairs, and should should be presented in a sectional point of view, 
of blood be shed? No, sir; none of these things; 
none of the. priceless sacrifices made for its estab- make no sacrifices to avert the danger. Both 
that section would have control of it, and in no 
lishment are necessary—none, sir. 
It only re- conclusions would be alike fallacious. The Union way could new domain be forced upon it. Cqul(l 
quires that opinion, party, and prejudice should isin imt•nincnt danger of permanent and disastrous 
this territorial point be gained, Mr. President, I 
be mutually abandoned to attain the priceless end. 
, ' disruption, and the country of civil war; an(l the feel confident that all else in the programme would 
No man's honor or conscience need be harmed in w men on the other side hqvc a large Share, I say follow. 'I'he interdiction against the right of Con- 
the largest share, of the responsibility to 
gress to interfere with slavery in the places under 
I have previously (leclared the opinion that the bear. 
I do not say that, the fault is all on onc 
. us excausive jurisdiction, and if this District, and 
