1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
against any future right to interfere with slavery 
within the States, seems less objectionable. As 
for the rendition of fugitive slaves, thc Constitu- 
tion is sumcicnt as it is; and if amended at all, in 
my judgment it should impose the duty of re- 
turning fugitives on the States as well as on Con- 
gress; and surely all will agree that the service of 
the President should be limited to a single term, 
and that the slave trade should be forever inter- 
dieted. 
But the territorial question is the great obstacle 
in the way of peace; for it is through that feature 
of the adjustment that the South IS to have that 
recognition of their rights and equality necessary 
to relieve their honor and allay their apprehen- 
sions. For myself, Mr. President, I hold that the 
people of the southern States, with their slaves, 
have a just and constitutional right to go into the 
common Territories, there to hold, use, and enjoy 
all property of whatsoever kind known to the 
laws of the State they emigrated. This 
principle was clearly laid down •by-the Supreme 
Court in the case of Dred Scott. Butl do not rest 
my plea for the South on that decision alone. 
found it on the broad principles of equity and 
justice. The Territories were acquired by the 
expenditure of common blood and treasure, and 
are, therefore, the conu-non property of all; and 
so long as they so remain, if open to occupancy 
at all, they must be open to all. T hc States are 
equals by t.hc express language of the Constitu- 
tion, and that principle of equality must prevail 
in the enjoyment of acommon estate. The right 
rests on the great principle of equity, as old as 
human government, and almost as sacred as di- 
vine truth. How palpably unjust it would be for 
the two great States of New York and Pennsyl- 
vania to seize upon a large district of this connuon 
estate, and then prescribe onerous conditions for 
emigrants from the small States of New Jerscy 
and Delaware; and yet this is precisely the. right I 
claimed in the Republican platform, to wit: that 
the northern States, having a majority in Congress, 
shall lay down thc law to the effect that the emi- 
grant from a slaveholding State shall not go into 
the common 'Yerritories unless hc leaves his slave 
property behind, To my mind, Mr. President, 
this is the point at which the Republican creed is 
fatally at fault, and at which their gravest respons- 
ibilitics begin; and at which the work of savincy 
tho Union must begin. Here thcir creed encotnn- 
President elect has said that, werc he a member 
of Congress, he would vote for such a law, the 
I decision of the court to the contrary. This is the 
worst part of his record, and I regret its existence; 
for he is the President elect, according to the 
Constitution, and must -hold the omce. My logic, 
Mr. President, is, that if we are for the Consti- 
tution at all, we must sustain every feature of it; 
and we must accept its meaning at the • hands of • 
those who have the - right to expound it; and I 
say further, that you might as well discuss the 
prmciplcs of the Christian reliffion with the in- 
fidel who denies the Bible, as american politics 
with the man who will not take the Constitution 
for his guide. talk thus plainly, because I would 
have men realize the responsibilities Dfthcir teach- 
ings, and ponder on their consequences. Let them 
takc warning from the voice of Webster, at Ca- 
pon Springs, in 1851: " a bargain broken on one 
side, is broken on all sides." A solution for the 
awkward dilemma of the Republican party is fur- 
nislled in the resolutions now pending before the 
Senate. Will they accept relief In that ',vay? Will 
Senators on the other side permit the people to 
decide? If not, the issue must be with them and 
their constituents; and let them be prepared for the 
consequences. 
The unfaithful execution of the fugitive slavc 
law, though at times greatly exaccrerated in its 
extent, is cause, of grievous complaint on the part 
It is said in extenua- 
of our southern friends. 
tion of' this wrong, that so far as State laws are 
inconsistent with the Constitution, they are null 
thct•eforc, do no harm. To 
and void; and can, 
my mind, Mr. President, tillisis no answer, and 
It may be some kind 
no amend for the wronff. 
of law; but it is bad morals, and enmity ra- 
ther than comity. Any attempt to embarrass the 
execution of the Constitution is bad faith, and 
betrays an unfriendly spirit, well calculated to 
awaken distrust and retaliation at the hands of 
the injured •parties; and I hesitate not to say that 
all statutes wearing even an unfriendly appear- 
ance to the Constitution should be promptly rc- 
pealed. But some of those statutes are manifestly 
clear conflict with the letter and spirit of the 
Corlstitntion•, while others, less offensive in ap- 
pcarancc, are liable to be perverted into means of 
mischief and wrong. For instance: the Supreme 
Court has hcld tha-t the owner ofa fugitive slave 
has a right, by virtue ofthc Constitution, to pos- 
ters both iusticc and law. The justice of the case i .sess himself of his slave wherever ho can find 
him; and yet nearly all lhc personal liberty bills 
is apparent to everybody; and the law is found in 
thc Dred Scott decision. 
In that case tbc effect in the North punish the owner for arresting his 
of an act of Congress interdicting slavery neces- slave in a mariner to produce tumult or riot. All 
sarilyorose;and the decision is clear and cmphatic I ao•ree that tumult and riot should be prevented; 
that Congress has no right to pass such a law, 
but who does not know that half a dozen of abo- 
litionists, and an equal number of free neo•roes, 
and it ••,vas therefore null and void. I will not pa- 
rade the language of the court, SD often presented, 
and so familiar to Senators. 
But it is said that the court was divided. What 
of that, sir? A majority make the court, and I 
when tho majority speak the law is declared. 
Congress is divided about the passage of laws; 
but when the majority speaks, though that ma- 
jority consists of one vote 01)ly, thc law is enacted, 
and nonc but a madman would for that reason 
doubt its validity. Sad will be the day, and deep 
the demoralization, when men go behind the face 
of the lavv to inquire how legislators were divided, 
and behind decisions to see how the judges dif- 
fered, in order to find pretexts to evade or violate 
the law. But, notwithstanding this decision, it 
can get up a riot anywhere on the occasion of the 
arrest of a fugitive, and thus give the owner pen- 
altios instead of property? My own State has 
been arraigned on this point; and candor requires 
me to say that she is not entirely blameless. A 
part of her statute of 1847 has been the means of 
mischief and wrong, and ought to be repealed. 
But justice to her requires that I should also say, 
that so long as she was left to the performance of 
this duty of returning fugitives in her own 'vvay, 
there was little, if any, cause of' complaint. Morc 
than onc hundred and fifty years ago, the provin- 
Cial authorities of Pennsylvania recognized the 
right of tho owner to the service of his slave; and 
in the law of 1780, abolishing slavery, she pro- 
vided for the return of fugitive slaves, and mani- 
is an article of the Republican faith, that this un- 
constitutional and unjust thing shall be done; and fested her high spirit of comity by providing for 
more: when almost ready to grasp the power to the transit of slaves through her limits, and fora 
do this thing, you flatter yourselves that you have temporary sojourn of the owners with their slaves 
and servants ,'for a term not exceeding six months. 
had no part in imperiling the Union; express sur- 
prise at the clamor that is raised in the South, Her law of 1826 was passed at the instance of the 
slaveholding State of Maryland, and under the 
and talk freely about rebellion and treason; about 
auspices of commissioners appointed on the part 
the execution of the laws, and fidelity to the Con- 
stitution, and about the chastisement due to the of that State; and, singularly enough, that law 
seditious and disobedient. That is all very right I contains some of the provisions complained of at 
and proper; but it would be well for them to put this day. It punished kidnapping, and forbade 
themselves right before they attempt to punish E State omcers to execute the fugitive slave iaw of 
others. Let thcm take the beam out of their own 1793; but its own provisions for the return of 
eyc, and then they will sce more clearly to rc- It fugitives were simple and direct, and convenient 
move the mote out of their brother's eye. Your ofexecution; and the State officers and magistrates 
members Of Congress, with scarce an exception, were required to execute it under heavy penalties. 
of Congress; and held:-that the- that 
subject were: null and void,' -in 
good faith to secure the return of'fugi:tive slaves; 
that the. jurisdiction of the gubiect Was, not ;cdnz 
current, but belonged exclusively to Congress;or 
rather that Congress, having le9slated for the.ex• 
ecution of that part of the Constitution,State legiSb 
lotion was inadmissible. It was held in addition; 
that the owner had a perfect fight to possess him"' 
self of his fugitive without process, arid in disre- 
gard of all State statutes. 
The effect of this decision was felt immediately 
in the States of Maryland and Virginia. It threw 
about the law of 1793 the utmost inconvenience 
of execution. In the State of Pennsylvania, for 
instance, Federal process could only be had at 
Pittsburg or Philadelphia, with an intervening 
distance, borderin• on slave States, of four- hunz 
dred miles; and hence claimants of fugitives,' in- 
stead of applying for process , made arrangements 
for discovenng -and recapturing their fugitives 
without process und without trial. This 
done by the establishment of agencies, and alleged 
slavcs werc picked up everywhere with impunity; 
and carried off without the prcsentation of the 
slightest evidence that the persons were slaves, 
or If slaves, that they were to bc returned to their 
real owners. This proceeding became . exceed* 
ingly distasteful to the people, and a subject of 
general clamor even among those who were most 
desirous to execute the Constitution and keep 
faith with the slave States. Nor, sir, will it do 
to say that therc arc no instances in which free 
negroes were carried off, As I have before inti• 
mated on this floor, I know that one was carried 
from my own county, well known to be free, 
through the agency ofa base man in a neighbor- 
ing county. The consequence of these things 
was the law of 1847, enacted in pursuance Of a 
very general public sentimcnt, This law punishes 
kidnapping; and that is right. No slave State 
It relieves State officers from 
will object, to that. 
the duty of executing the law of Congress. That 
can bc no subject of complaint, because the Sue 
preme Court says such was the intention of thc 
Constitution. It denied the use of the county 
prisons for the detention of fugitives during trial. 
After the adoption of the fugitive slave law of 
1850, this provision was rcpealed, and thc use of 
prisons permitted to facilitate the execution of the 
law of Congress. The worst feature of it in exist* 
ence at present is that which punishes the owner 
who may arrest his fugitive without process under 
the law, and thereby producing tumult and riot; 
and this, I say, ought to be promptly repealed, 
for tho reason that il is liable to abuse. But, sir, 
it is not true that there is any want±0f disposition 
with the great mass of people that constitute that 
State to observe, in good faith, every obligation 
imposed upon them by the Constitution. They 
intend to perform their part. Nay, more, sir; 
they desire to avoid even the appearance of wrong; 
and had the State been permitted to follow -her 
own just policy, no man ever -would have had 
suffcænt ground for complaint against her. 
But, Mr. President, the organization of a geo- 
graphical party; that organization against which 
George Washington warned his•country, •was the 
fatal day for this Republic. I have been in the 
habit of saying, sir, everywhere on the stump, 
that such an organization was inconsistent with 
the peace of thp nation; that a political associa- 
tion so hostile to thc institutions of another sec- 
tion of the country that it could have no recogni- 
tion and no members in the assaulted section, 
must necessarily be an agent of alienation and 
hostility among the people. George Washing- 
ton and Andrew Jackson both foresaw this, and 
men on thc other side should have heeded their 
•varnings. It will not do to say that it never was 
intended to be sectional party; that it is based on 
ffreat truths that can be and ought to be univer- 
salt Sir, disguise it as may, the Republican 
organization has had, and has now, but one vital 
I spark of existence, and that is prejudice and hos- 
tility to admitted rights—to the institution of 
slavery—an institution recognized by the fathers. 
I I know, sir, it is said, in mitigation, that they 
never intend to exercisc any unconstitUtional 
right; that its purpose is not to interfere with 
are pledged to deny to the slaveholder the right II From that timc down to 1842, when the decision 
to go into the common Territories, unlcss he leave of the case of Prigg against the Commonwealth of slavery in the States. But, Mr. President' tell 
his slave property behind him, notwithstanding Pennsylvania was announced, there was but little me when or where a Republican-meeting has been 
Put that, decision released held, since the dawn of that party, wherc the im- 
the Constitution, as defined by the court, and the cause of complaint.. 
equity so manifestly in his favor. Even your State ofiiccrs from all obligation LO execute the law pression was not left, either by its proceedings or 
