494 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 21, 
•Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I desire to 
address the Senate to-morrow on the resolutions 
of my colleague, now under consideration. 
Mr. C04,AMER. To-morrow is fixed for 
the bill. 
Mi•.GREEN. What day does the Senator from 
Massachusetts propose ? 
Mr. WILSON. Wednesday,athalfpast twelve 
o 'clock. 
Mr. GRIMES. There is a special order for 
Wednesday, on the motion of the Senator from 
-Pennsylvania, [Mr. CAMERON.] 
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone tre fu t'- 
ther consideration of the resolutions of my col- 
league till to-morrow, at one o'clock. 
Mr. LATHAM. The' Pacific railroad bill is 
the special order for to-morrow, at one o'clock; 
and I hope that will not be interfered with. 
Mr. CAMERON. Ishould like to say asingle 
word before the qucstion is taken. Of course, I will 
not occupy the time of the Senate, because I never 
I never ha'd any ambition to 
make a speech. 
make speeches; and if I had, it would be all driven 
eut of my mind by the little attcntion that has 
been paid to the able, the eloquent, and tile proper 
speech of my colleague. The whole ivorld, it 
seems to me, are now taken up with this question 
of separation or union; and yet, out of this whole 
Senate of sixty-six members, there were not a 
dozen men at any one time listening to the speech 
mado by my colleague, representing one of the 
greatest States in the Union. He came here to 
offer the olive branch of peace; he came to save 
the Union; and yet hc was not listened to. Cer- 
tainly, after seeing that demonstration, I shall not 
mako a speech; but I desire to state for tho great 
State of Pqnnsylvania, (and I say great, because 
I believe her position makes her great,) thatevery- 
body there, 1 believe—certainly a very large ma- 
jority of her people—will do anything consistent 
with honor to save this Union. Daily I reccivc 
letters innumerable, and I receive pctitlons signed 
by the thousand, asking rnc to do something to 
save this country. desire to say that anything 
I can do by my vote here as a Senator, I will do, 
to prevent the separation of the South from the 
North, the North from the South. What we 
can do, [ do not know. I am very much inclined• 
to vote for the propositiotls of my colleague. 
r I'hey appear to Inc to bc sensible and proper. 
I 
only say now, that everything I can do will be 
done to save this Union from separation; for I 
consider its benefits to the human race. far above 
every other political consideration which can in- 
terest the human race. 
Mr. GREEN. Mr. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. P0LK in 
the chair.) I)oes the Senator from Pennsylvania 
give way ? 
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly. 
Mr. GREEN. Then 1 desire to say this: there 
were a ntnnbcr of absentees on this side, for this 
reasoi)', we had so much confidence in the honor, 
the patriotism, the integrity, and the good sense 
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. BIGLER, 
that we did not think it necessary to sit still an 
watch. As for the othcr side, they knew that they 
',vere so adverse that it would do no good to wait; 
and therefore there were but few members pres- 
It resulted frorn these two causes. We havc 
ent. 
unlimited confidence in the Senator from Pennsyl- 
vania, (Mr. BIGLER,] in his honor, integrity, pa- 
triotism, ability, and love of the Union. On the 
other. side, they did not want to hear words of 
honor, of patriotism, of true devotion to the Con- 
stitution, out of which the Union has grown, and 
without which there is no Union. This is the 
reason why there was a very thin Senate. 
Now, onc other word. The speech has been 
made, l.vell received, and I hope there will be no 
unjust insinuation cast now to prejudice it. Let 
it be read and considered by the public. 
If the 
public will not approve it, they will condemn it. 
if they do approve it, the Senator's insinuation 
against it will react against himself. 
I think we 
had bnttcr adjourn, and Ict the Senator from Ken- 
tuck y speak the next day this subject comes up. 
As a motion is made to postpone it until to-mor- 
row, I shall vote for it. 
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, it was not 
kind in the Senator from Missouri to talk about 
insinuations, He knows I am a plain limn. 
I 
I speak out even worse 
make no insinuations. 
than I think; and certainly in regard to this great 
question of the Union, I have nothing to conceal. 
i want this Union preserved in its whole •integ- 
rity. I wish the gentlemen from the South who 
left us this morning had waited until my colleague 
I wish they had only waited 
made his speech. 
until Pennsylvania had spoken before they left us. 
Certain! y, if they are sincere in their devotion to 
the country, to the Union, and to the preservation 
of peace, they would have done so; and all I ask 
of the gentlemen who are still here, is to wait 
until we act. 
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator allow me 
to ask him a question? 
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly. 
Mr. IVERSON. he seems, from the few 
remarks he has made, to approve of the senti- 
ments uttered by his colleague, I will ask the gen- 
tleman, does he approve of what his colleague has 
said ? 
Mr. CAMERON. vcry much, Mr. President. 
I am very much inclined to go with my colleague; 
and if that will save tho country, I will say to the 
gentleman from Georgia, positively, I will go 
I will go for that, and further still, to 
with him. 
save this great country from commotion and from 
ruin. Has the Senatorany morc questions to ask ? 
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, 1 hope 1 
shall be allowed onc word. I wish to make this 
remark, as a member of the Democratic side of 
this Chamber: I think the words which have 
fallen from the lips of the Senator from Pennsyl- 
vania, [Mr. CAMERON,] instead of meeting with 
opposition here, should be cherished by us. 
think hc has manifested a spirit of patriotism and 
of devotion to his country and to the Unifi of 
these States that we may well imitate. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. think so too. 
Mr. HALE. Mr. President—— 
Mr. CA.MERON. 1 have just oncword more 
to say. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs Sen- 
ator from New Ham l.)shire give way? 
I Mr. CAMERON. Oh, 1 know he will. 1 say 
to the Senator from Georgia, and to all gentlemen 
here, if tl'ley will takc thc proposition of my col- 
league, I will vote for it, and we will pass it, if 
that will give us peacc and preserve the Union. 
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator misunderstands 
the object of my question. 
It was not whether he 
approved the proposition of settlement which his 
colleague haspresented to the Senate and the coun- 
try; but '.vhcth01' he approved the sentiments which 
the Senator from Pennsylvania uttered against the 
coercion of the seceding States. That is the point 
to which I wanted to call the attention of the Sen- 
I asked him whether he approved of it or 
a to r. 
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. 
even that. Coercion is the last remedy to which 
I would resort. 
I should dislike, above all things 
in the world, to raise my hand against my brother. 
Mr. GREEN. Is it at all? 
Mr. CAMERON. It is a bad remedy. 
Mr. GREEN. Is it a remedy at 
Mr. CAMERON. I do not that 1 should 
ever resort to it; bu.t certainly it is the last remedy 
that I would resort to, to keep my brethren in my 
family. I love them too much to imagine it would 
ever be necessary to resort to coercion to make 
them do their duty. 
Mr. GREEN. As between the States of the 
Federal Government, is it any remedy at all? 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 desire to ask what is the 
before the Senate ? 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The question 
is on the motion made by the Senator from Mas- 
sachusett.s, that the subject now beforc the Senate 
be postponed until Wednesday next, at half past 
twelve o'clock. 
IVIr. MASON. On that question I want to say 
a word. If I recollect aright, some two or three 
days ago the resolutions offered by the Senator 
frorn Kentucky were rejected by this Senate, and 
rcsolutions offered by the Senator from New 
Hampshire [Mr. CLARK] were substituted in their 
place; and if I recollect aright, the Senator from 
Pennsylvania [Mr. CAMERON] voted to reject the 
propositions of the Senator from Kentucky, and 
voted to substitute for thcm the resolution of the 
Senator from New Hampshire. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 will answer that, if the 
Senator wants to do so. 
Mr. MASON. lhave not firnshed. 
Mr. CAMERON. well, when you are through. 
Mr. MASON. If I recollect aright, the tenor 
of the resolutions of the Senator from New Hamp- 
shire was, that the Constitution needed no amend- 
ment; that what were spoken of in the resolutions, 
if I remember correctly, as demands of the south- 
ern States, were unreasonable; and if I recollect 
aright, further, that the only reanedy for the dif- 
ficulties or the dangers now before the country 
was to enforce the laws and the Coistitution. If 
I remember correctly, the Senator from Pennsyl- 
vania [Mr. CAMERON] voted to reject the•resolu- 
tions of the Senator from Kentucky, and to sub- 
stitute for them those of the Senator from New 
If I remember further, aright, the 
Hampshire. 
Senator from Pennsylvania, as he stated, at the 
request of some gentleman, I know not who, 
moved reconsideration of that vote. The re- 
consideratio• was had; but if 1 remember cor- 
rectly, the Senator from Pennsylvania, who moved 
tho reconsiderati0Q, voted against it. 
Mr. CAMERON. All right. Mr. 
Mr. MASON. I yave not done. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Virginia is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. MASON. 1 advert to these facts only to 
present them as a type of the condition of things 
between the North and the South to my people, 
and strongly to exemplify what I saw recently 
in the newspapers, to which I call attention. The 
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. WADE,] whom Ido not 
now sce in his seat, presented, a few days ago, 
resolutions of his Stale. In the sixth resolution, 
it was declared, as the sense of the Legislature of 
Ohio, that all laws—or, I think, as the resolutions 
expressed it, all enactments—upon the statute- 
books of the States which were intended in any 
manner to impede, or delay, or frustrate any laws 
of Congress that were intended to execute the 
provisions of the Constitution, should be repealed. 
I do not remember the exact language; but it was 
a clause that wax,eointed at what are called per- 
sonal liberty billå m many of these States. It was 
a declaration that they should be repealed. 
same mail that brought us those resolutions 
brought information that the House of Delegates, 
the lower House, in the State of Ohio, had rejected 
a bill to repeal a law of that character. 
Now, sir, I want to show to my people the dif- 
ference between professions and practice. I illus- 
trate it by what has fällen from the Senator from 
Pennsylvania, [Mr. CAMERON,] who has professed 
here an entire coincidence of opinion with the 
sentiments that have fallen from his colleague, 
and the purposes of his speech. 
[ understand that 
the purpose of the speech of his colleague [Mr. 
BIGLER] is this: to recommend resolutions that 
he had offered, exactly of a character With those 
offered by the Senator from Kentucky, as a sub- 
stitute for the resolutions of the Senator from New 
Hampshire; which resolutions have been adopted 
by the Senator from Pensylvania, [Mr. CAME- 
RON,] in preference to the resolutions of Ille Sena- 
tor from Kentucky. I want to prcsenb it to the 
people of my country as the difference between 
profössions and practice. with those with whom 
we have to deal here. 
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, it seems to 
me the only difference between myself and the 
very distinguished Senator from Virginia is, that 
he seeks for some excuse for getting out of this 
Unon, while I desire to preserve it by any sacri- 
fice of feeling, and, I may say, of principle. To 
me, this Union is above all things in the Govern- 
It scorns to me that, for somc reason or 
men t. 
other, he 'Wants to go out, and to put the blame 
on somebody else. I, on the contrary, am will- 
ing to save tile Union which his fathers ahd mine 
cemen.tcd with their blood, at any sacrifice bccom- 
ing honorable and patriotic men. 
The history of my connection with the resolu- 
tions of the Senator from Kentucky is this: while 
my State desires to make any sacrifice to savc this 
Union, and while am willing to sacrifice my- 
self, if necessary, to preserve the Union, I took 
no part in that subject until after the resolutions 
were lost, and the venerable and distinguished 
Senator from Kentucky came to me, and asked 
me to move a reconsideration, which did to 
gratify him, and to givé another chance for n set- 
tlcment of this question. After I had done so, 
found there was no inclination on that side of the 
House to make any compromise at all, but to put 
us on this side on our bended knees, to ask for- 
giveness from them. I have no forgiveness to 
