1861. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBD. 
495 
I have done no wrong. My section of the State for remaining in this Union—not ask for 
While I will not an excuse to get out of it? 
country has done no wrono•. 
I muy speak, perhaps, Mr. President, with the 
beg them to forgive me, I am willing macynani- 
mously to forgive all their backslidings, and do temperament that belongs to my constitution, and 
with some appearance of warmth, when I do not 
anything•l can to save this Union. 
I mean not a 
Now, Mr. President, this Union to me, as an mean it. Earnestness, I mean. 
individual, is perhaps of little consequence; but word of unkindness to any onc here. I know if 
it is of great importance to this country and to the there be any man that can shut up his intellect and 
world, and to those who are to follow us hereaf- 
ter in the world; and, therefore, I am willing to 
do anything a man can do to save it. With that 
spirit I said to-day, and I say it in pi•ivate circles 
everywhere, I will go for the proposition of my 
colleague, or for any othcr proposition to save the 
country; but 1 will not be dragooned into this. 
As a proud man, and a man representing a great 
and proud State, these gentlernen cannot come 
hcre, and talk to me as they would talk to one of 
I am the 
those. beneath them: I am their equal. 
peer of the Senator from Virginia, and I wrill 
maintain my equality with him here and else- 
In the State of Pennsylvania, we havc 
where. 
interests which have been injured by the votes of 
that gentleman, and of gentiemcn from his sec- 
tion of the country; but we are willing to overlook 
all that for the sake of this country. As I said in 
the begin ning, the folly of making speeches is illus- 
trated by the little attention which that gentleman 
and other persons on his Sidc gave to my colleacyue. 
when he came herc witlk the olive branch; antl 
therefore greatly prefet to let my action speak for 
me. 
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I am utterly un- 
conscious of havinff said anything in the world 
to excite the wrath of the Senator from Pennsyl- 
vania. I was reciting facts. 
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir. 
Mr. MA.SON. 1 understood Senator to • 
I was recit- 
agree with mo that they were facts. 
ing the course which his judgment dictated to 
him upon these measures before the Senate. 
understood him to admit they were true, every 
one of them; and I was only expressing the sur- 
prise which I ftlt, that after having followed that 
course in reference. to the resolutions of the Sen- 
ator from Kenlucky, when they were brought in 
opposition to resolutions offered by the Senator 
from New Hampshire vcry recently, when ho 
had gone so far as to move a reconsideration of 
thc vote by which the Kentucky resolutions had 
been rejected, that there should have been so sud- 
den a conversion as that we are called upon to 
infer from what fell from him in reference to the 
I can only say to the 
speech of his colleague. 
Senator tliat I meant nothing personally unkind 
whatever; but I thought there was a probability 
close his ears or his eyes to the facts around us, 
I know this Union is at 
I am not one of them. 
this day dissolved, absolutely dissolved. The 
separation of one Statc is as much a dissolution 
of the Union as the separation of te.n. The sep- 
aration of five, so far as we have trone. at present 
—and it is but a work of tirne to add to the list— 
does no more, as far as the dissolution of the 
Union is concerned, than to confirm the fact that 
thc Union is dissolvcd. 
Honorable Senators on the other side of the 
Chamber at least, I know, say the Union is not 
dissolved ; that the act of these States in separating 
themselves from it is a void act. They do not 
recognize it. The fact that the names of their 
Senators remain here upon your list and are called 
every day to vote, is evidence that in the sense of 
Senators on that side at Icast, now in a majority, 
they do not reco«nize the fact of separation. 
Their recoTnition, or their refusal to recocnize, 
does not change the fact in any form or shape 
whatever, The Stales arc gone; the chairs herc 
are vacant, never again to be filled under the ex- 
istinT state of things. What is the remedy? 
Force? Coercion? "I'he discipline that a peda- 
o•oøue inflicts upon a village urchin at school? 
Honorable Senators entertain that idea in relation 
to a sovcrcign St.ate. They tcll us we have but 
to enforce tile laws; that the Constitution is im- 
perative upon the Executive head of enforcing the 
laws; and that the Constitution is imperative upon 
Congress, it' any additional legislation is required 
to give it, that the laws *nay bc enforced. Sir, 
the theory of the Government is against it. 
'It he 
voicc of hurnanity at this civilized age is against 
it. You cannot enforce your laws against the 
State that is no longer under your dominion by a 
barbarous war, the last resort of thc tyrant. 
The thcory of the Government unquestionably 
is this: the laws are to be administered through 
the courts; and resistance to the law is not known 
to the Constitution unless it is resistance to the 
law as expounded and administered in the courts. 
Such is the whole tel'lor of our legislation. The 
President has power on earth to use a ship or 
a soldier unless hc is first admonished by the 
civil tribunals of the country that there is a resist- 
ance which the civil power of the country is un- 
that in the report of proceedings here—not by i E equal to overcotne. Are you to change that, and 
our reporter, but in the way in x.vhi it gets into ('ivc to the President. the power of making war 
the atmosphere—possibly tho cou• e of tho Son- by what you call enforcing thc laws? Sir, you 
ator from Pennsylvania might e mistaken I, cannot eniörce thc laws against one of these seced- 
ing States unless you do change the law, and you 
my people; and desired that t should not. be 
cannot change the law unless you violate the 
so. 
Now, one word more, sii. That honorable Constitution. You cannot work out the problem 
Senator says that I scorn to be seeking an excuse in any other way on earth that you fix it. 
v.' hat remains? I am onc of those 
Ah, Mr. President, svell, sir, 
to get out of this Union. 
that day has passed. if i felt it necessary to find who have venerated this Government for the good 
that it did, au-ld for the hopes of the future, as 
an excuse, it would bc to remain in the Union; 
no excuse for going out of the Union, the Scnatou• much as any man who hears me. I saw a people 
inexc»ing from three to thirty million in a period 
I confess, from what I have 
may rely upon it. 
of history so small as not to be appreciated in thc 
seen here around me, and the votes that have been 
I saw them increasinff in 
taken, I am utterly at a loss to know what excuse history of nations. 
I could assign to my people for remaining in this strength, in all the resources that belong to na- 
tions—in intellect, wealth, powcr, respectability, I 
Union. An excuse to get out of the Union is not 
I saw that it wras the fruit of 
and knowledge. 
necessary. 
Sir, whata spectacle have we seen to-day! Six that Union which our fathers devised; and if there 
bc any in this broad continent who valued 
Senators, representing three States, taking a 
formal leave of the Senate, bringing here officially that Union more than I did,' I have yet to know- 
to the notice of the Senate that their States were i who he is. But when the preservation of that 
no longer members of this Union. One State, I Union is required of us at the expense of our do- 
their predecessor, has had no Senators here duril)ff t mestic safety and our domestic peace; when it is 
required of us at the expense of our self-respect; 
the whole session. Another State, as we learn 
from the telegraphic news, hag already dissolved when it is required of us at the risk of destroy- 
its connection with this Union—five of them gone ing the very foundations of the social fabric upon 
which the southern States repose, I say, let thc 
—five States holding a homocreneous interest with 
States, as it was when this Congress. commenced 
its session, How many States will remain here- 
in the next month I will not undertake to æay_;-: 
how many States will remain here 4th,of. 
March next, when the present CongreSs expires, 
I will not undertake to say; •but I will undertake 
to say this: that we shall not have, by many, the. 
States that are now here. Now, sir, we are in a 
minority on this side, certainly as far as the South 
is concerned. There are offcially eight Senators 
from the southern States absent, never to return. 
Others are to follow necessarily, backed by their 
If it is proposed to pass laws, to coerce 
States. 
those States, what will bc the result? I need not 
say to honorable Senators here, who themselves 
are brave men, men conscious of their manhood, 
of the honor of their States, and prepared to meet 
any emergency that may present itself, that this 
idea of coercion has no terrors for them. Much as 
they would deplore it, they would deplore it from 
the consequences that must follow, and not from. 
any personal fear to themselves or to those corr- 
nected with them. They must deplorcit from the 
consequences that must follow. And what are 
those consequences? Why, sn•, you makea war. 
Call it enforcing the laws, if you please; call it 
whipping achild who has been refractory; it is war; 
the exercise of public force on one side against 
public force on the other. Well, what is the end 
of war? Peace. What has been the consequence 
of war? An unnecessary, barbarous, and indecent 
effusion of human blood as a sacrifice to human 
the impoverish rnent of the societies 
passion ; 
around you; the load of debt that is" to be accu- 
mulated; and more than all, the breaking up of all 
those foundations upon which concord, or I should 
rather say amity and good will and kindness, 
should have rested among the inhabitants of the 
States of North America. It is gone, sir, and you 
have done it. You have placed it out of the power 
of the southern States to confederate with you 
any longer. You have not only declared your- 
selves enemies, but you have made them feel that 
you are enemies. 
You may pursue a sentiment, or a vague idea, 
that you are enforcing the laws when you are 
rnaking i•var; war that the civilized world will 
acknowledge as such; war to be governed by ail 
the rules of war; and your idea of hanging for 
treason is nonsense. According to my recollec- 
tion, there was no man hung for treason durinr-r 
the Revolution. Threats were abundant enough ; 
but in that war, made by dependent colonies upon 
a strong and able maternal power, all their threats 
of execution for treason vanished into thin an•. 
If it is instituted now, it will be 
It was war. 
followed by a peace. That peace will restore 
what treaties call amity; but it will be only that 
amity that is spoken of on the cold pages of his* 
tory. We shall stand, I should fear, for genera- 
tions in a hostile relation to each other, which it 
will take more than generations to remove and 
bring about actual peace. 
I say to honorable Senators on tbe other sidc,or- 
to the section which they represent, that peacc or 
war is in their hands. The issue of war is not; 
but the fact of peace or war is in your hands, or 
those u.,vhom you represent. MT e have no voice 
If war comes, it is to be made upon us; 
irfit. 
we are to accept it, not to institute it. The whole 
responsibility will be with you, and you wili 
have to answer to the generations which are to 
follow for all the consequences of that war. 
Why have a war? Realize existing facts, and 
you have no war. Realize the existing fact that 
the constituei)ts of this Government are sovcreio•n 
powers, and that those sovereign powers are not 
mere component parts of a common empire. Re- 
monslpate with them, reason with them as you 
will, about the cxercise of their sovereignty, but 
concede it. When those States who have left us, . 
and those States that are to follow, shall have 
assumed their condition of independence, they 
wiih say 1.0 you—murk n-i)7 word for it—we are 
that which I rcprescnt. There is sympathy, in- I Union go, with whatever regret, with ready cither for war or negotiation. Deride it if 
I tell the you please; plumo yourselves upon the nurnerical 
conecrn t.herc rnay be—no rernorse. 
timate sympathy, necessary sympathy, betwreen 
my honored State and those in all those ties which honorable Senator from Pcnnsy}vania, for whom strength which you possess; talk of your cigh- 
bind us together. That Senator talk to me of my I really entertain kind personal -feelings, while i I teen Illillion against eight or nine million; bring 
the barbaric force of numbers to bear upon the 
this thing lasts want excuse for •leaving this 
wantirw an excuse to go out of this Union! I tell 
southern States, and you will have a- war such 
the Senator, if he will look at it with the consid- ii Union. - Would to God he would give me an 
as the world has seldom, if cver, seen—a war that 
excuse for remainimy in it! 
eration and calmness that becomes his position, 
he would ask Ilirusclf, as I would ask myself, can Mr. Presidcnt, there is but one thing remainino must terminate in a peace or extermination• But 
what is the opposite? Lct them -go; regret it, 
find an excuse in any wray for remaining in the for us, that I know of. The Union is dissolved— 
remonstrate, denounce it if you will; but let them 
It is no longer a Union of thirty-three 
Union? Can I assign any excuse to my honored gone. 
