500 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 22, 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is 
right in supposing that it requires unanimous con- 
sent. 
Mr. HALE. very well. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of soldiers 
of the war of 1812, praying the passage, during 
the present session of Congress, of a law grant- 
ing pensions to the soldiers of that war, and to 
the -widows of those deceased; Which was referred 
to the Committee on Pensions. 
Mr. SEWARD. II pi•c'Sent the petition of Ed- 
ward C. Delavan, of Albany, in the State of New 
York, who states that he has, for more than thirty 
years, devoted time and attentiön to the evils re- 
suiting from the use of deleterious liquors, as a 
bevera*ge; especially drugged liquors; and having 
recently ascertained, by an examination of the 
liquors manufactured for the American market, 
and shipped to the United States from wine-pro- 
ducing countries, that they are for the most part 
drugged, and thus rendered doubly deleterious, 
he begs to sumoest the propriety Of protectino' the 
people of this country from the disease and pre- 
mature death thus occasioned, by instituting in 
each of our ports of entry, a competent chemical 
tribunal for the examination of all imported li- 
quors, which, if found adulterated, should be con- 
demned and destroyed. I move the reference of 
the memorial to the Committee on Finance. 
It was so -referred. 
Mr.SEWARD. I present a memorial of seven 
hu ndred and forty-six citizens of the United States , 
residing in the city of New York, submitting their 
views upon the crisis of the country, and their 
appeal to Congress to provide, in some compe- 
tent way, for the restoration of peace and har- 
mony, and the establishment of the Union. I 
also present a like petition of citizens of the State 
of' New York, residing in the city of New York, 
signed by eighteen thousand; and I move that 
these two petitions lie on the table. 
'Phe motion was hgreed to. 
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 submit to the Senate 
joint resolutions of the Legislature of Delaware, 
in favor of the compromise measures introduced 
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. I 
CRITTENDEN.] I will state to the Senate that the 
Legislature of my State, as now composed, con- 
sists of Democrats, Constitutional Union men, 
and Republicans. 
I believe these resolutions 
passed unanimously, with one exception. 
1 
move that they be rend, laid on the table, and 
ordered to be printed. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. BIGLER presönted proceedings ofa meet- 
ing of the friends of the Union. held at Newville, 
Pennsylvania, on the 12th of January, 1861, in 
favor of the adoption of the compromise meas- 
ures proposed by Mr. CRITTENDEN', which were 
ordered to lie on the table. 
He also presented the proceedings ofa meet- 
ing of the borougli of Berlil'i, Pen nsylvania, held 
on the 8th of January, 1861, approving of the 
compromise measures recommended by Ehe corn- 
mittee of the border States; which were ordered 
to lie on the table. 
Thomas W. Wyman, post captain in the naval 
service of the United States, reported it without 
amendment, with a recommendation that it do 
not pass. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com- 
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred 
the bill (H. R. No. 50) to construe the word 
minimum" price of the public lands, and for 
other purposes, reported it without amendment, 
and recommended its passage. 
He also, from the same committee, to whom 
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 806) to confirm I 
certain entries of land in the State of Missouri, 
reported it without amendment, a-nd recommended 
its passage. 
He also, from the same committee, to whom 
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 918) for the re- 
lief of the heirs of Noah Wiswa]l, reported it 
without amendment, with a recommendation that 
it do pass. 
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on 
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of 
Joseph W. Knife, praying an increase of pension, 
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered 
to be printed. 
ELIZA REEVES. 
Mr. THOMSON. The Committeeon Pensions, 
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 467) 
granting an invalid pension to Eliza Reeves, have 
instructed me to report it back, without amend- 
ment, and with a recommendation that it do pass; 
and also to ask the indulgence of the Senate to 
consider it at this time. 
Mr. HALE. What is the 
Mr. THOMSON. It is a bill granting a pen- 
Sion to Eliza Reeves, of nine dollars a month. 
The case is a very meritorious one; and the woman 
is in great suffering at this time, to my knowl- 
Mr. HALE. I hope it will be passed. 
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No. 
467) granting a pension to Eliza Reeves, was con- 
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. 
It directs 
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name of 
Eliza Reeves on the invalid pension rolls of the 
United States, at the rate of nine dollars per 
mm-jtb, to commence on the 1st of January, 1860, 
and to continue during her widowhood. 
The bill was reported to the Senate without I 
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the 
third time, and passed. 
WITHDRAWAL OF SENATORS. 
Mr. HALE. withdraw the objectiorH ich 
interposed this morning to the suggestion made 
by the Senator from Indiana, that the Vice Pres- 
ident be authorized to fill the vacancies on the 
committees. 
did not understand whether his remarks were 
addressed to the want of omcial information on 
his part relative to the vacancies on the commit- 
tees or the absence of members from the Senate. 
I make this suggestion to obviate the difficulty in 
regard to the committees. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are one or 
two vacancies caused by the resignation of Sen- 
atOrs on the committees. Thcre are a number of 
additional vacancies, if the act of those gentlemen 
yesterda is recognized by the Senate. 
Mr. RALE. I think the suggestion that is 
made by the honorable Senator from Indiana is 
a very pertinent one: that if the acting chairmen 
of the several committees will notify the Vice 
President of the vacancies actually existing, it 
will be enough for his guidance. believe that 
the best way is for the Senate and the Vice Presi- 
dent to recognize things as they are, regardless 
of how they would wish to have them; and I 
think the suggestion of the Senator from Indiana 
is highly proper. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Some of the chairmen have 
gone away. 
Mr. HALE. The acting chairmen can notify 
the Vice President. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not think there is any 
diffculty in this question. We have been notified 
that certain Senators have retired, and do not 
intend to be here during this session; and hence, 
there are vacancies on those committees of which 
they were members. 
It is known to the Senate, 
for each of the Senators who has withdrawn has 
risen and taken his leave of the body. Taking 
their leave of the Senate is a withdrawal from the 
committees of the Senate. Whether their States 
are out of the Union or not, is a very different 
question; but that those Senators did represent 
those States, and that they have formally, om- 
cially, dissolved their connection with this body 
and gone away, is within our knowledge; it has 
been done in our presence. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think my colleague is 
clearly right. Whatever dispute there may be as 
to the ricrhtof a State to withdraw from the Union, 
no one, apprehend, denies the right ofa Senator 
to withdraw from the Senate, to resign, to dis- 
solve his connection with the body. 
Several SENATORS. They have not resigned. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not know that there 
is any constitutional provision, or any law, or any 
rule of the Senate, which requires a resignation 
to be in writing. I understand that certain Sen- 
ators yesterday did dissolve Lheir connection with 
the Senate; stated so in its presence. Whenever 
that was done, in my judgment, their names 
should be stricken from the roll, and they should 
be no longer treated as members of the Senate. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thesenatorfrom That is an individual act which they had a right 
Indiana moves that the Presiding OÆcer fill ex- to perform. 
istincr vacancies upon tho committees. 
Mr. WILSON. Ido understand that the 
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con- gentlemen who withdrew from the Senate yester- 
sent. 
day have resigned their places as Senators of 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would the United States. The Senators from South 
like some instruction from the Senate as to what Carolina did resign to their State formally; but 
vacancies exist; and at this point would take the the othv Senators that have withdrawn have not 
liberty to make a rernark. No notice has been resigned their places here, and are now members 
taken on the Journal this morning of the with- of this Senate. They have simply withdrawn 
He also presented two petitions of residents of 
drawal of certain Senators from the Chamber themselves, in obedience• to the wishes of their 
the county of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, pray- 
yesterday. No paper was filed with the Presid- il States. It is well enough, I think, for the Senate 
ing that pensions tnay Ipc granted to the surviving 
Ing Offcer by them; it was an act of withdrawal 
soldiers of the war of 1812, and to the widows 01 
to recognize the fact to this extent so far as regards 
notified to the Senate. Upon that subject, it will 
the committees, that they are temporarily absent, 
those who may hereafter die; which were ordered 
befor the Senate to determine whether the Journal and that their placcs should be fifled up by other 
to lie on the table. 
shall note the factoftheir withdrawal, and whether Senators; and there no difficulty, it seems to me, 
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 
their names shall continue to be called when votes 
if the committees inform the Vice President that 
Mr. THOMSON, from tbe Committee on Pen- I are takcn by yeas and nays. 
'l'he Chair would these Senators are not able to attend, or do not 
sions, to whom was reförred the petition of Abby likewise be glad to have the instruction of the attend, the meetings of the committees, in havirw 
S. Chaplin, widow of Colonel J. Snelling, of the Senate as to whether he is to consider vacancies their places filled But I understand that the 
Army, praying a pension, asked to be discharged as existing on the committees of which those gen- gentlemen who withdrew from the Senate yester- 
from its further consideration; which was agreed tlemen wrere members. He will execute the wishes day are to-day members of the Senate of the 
of the Senate, and of course his authority ends United States, and have not resigned their seats. 
He also, from the same committee, to whom there. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. dissent entirely from the 
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 451) grantingan Mr. FITCH. 
i did not understand the Chair Senator from Massachusetts. 
I hold that the act 
invalid pension to -William Burns, of Ohio, re- as saving whether he had no offcial knowledr-re of yesterday was a resignation that is irrevocable 
ported it without amendment, with a recommend- of the vacancies on the committees, or simply of on their part. 
If I come into this body and an- 
ation that it do not pass. 
vacancies on the floor of the Senate. The diff- nounce to you that I am going to quit the coun- 
He also, from the same committee, to whom culty, as far as thc committees are concerned, can 
try, go to foreign lands, and dissolve my con- 
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 909) for the rc- , I very easily be obviated by the acting chairmen nection with this body, I think it is your right to 
lief of Thomas Chittenden, reported it without of the respective comrnittecs notifyihg the Vice notify the Governor of Illinois that a vacancy 
tunendment, with a recommendation that it do not President that there are certain vacancies upon q exists. Any act that announces a final separation 
their respective committees, owing to the absence from the body as a Senator, no matter whether 
He also, from the same committee, to whom of certain members. That does not imply, of it is because his State has said so, or because he 
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 559) granting a course, other than temporary absence, if that be chooses to do it voluntarily, or from any other 
pension to Harriet S. Wyman, widow of Captain II desired. I did not distinctly hear the Chair, and mot.ive—the act of separation is a resignation 80 
