1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
501 
far as the individual is concerned. I have no 
hesi lation, therefore, in treatino• each one of these 
seats as vacant by resignation, by the Senators 
having given notice to the body that they have 
It 
finaiiy withdrawn, and never intend to return. 
does.not reach the question at all as to whether 
the States have withdrawn. That is a very dif- 
ferent question. We recognize the right of a 
Senator to withdraw, to resign, and in resicrning, 
it is not necessary that he should use the word 
I decline to act as a 
" re.sl•n.' 
Ile may say, 
Senator any longer," and there is an end of his 
1 withdraw from 
connection with the body, or 
the Senate forever;" that dissolves his connection 
with the body; or " I am going to remove beyond 
the limits of the United States, and live in a for- 
eign country;" that is a resignation. 
hold, 
therefore, that they have resigned their seats here, 
and wo can take cognizance of that fact, and act 
upon it. Whether the States have separated their 
• connection with us or not isa very different ques- 
tion. 
Mr. SAULSBURY. To test the. correctness 
of the. views of the Senator from Illinois, suppose 
that any of those Senators who took leave of the 
Senate yesterday were to appear here this rhorn- 
and undertake to vote, would there be any 
power in the Senate to prevent their voting upon 
any question that arose in this body ? To whom 
have they resigned? Have you any evidencc that 
they have resigned to the Governor, or to any 
proper authority of their own State? None, at 
all. They came into the Senate, and declared 
that. they should not in futåre act as members of 
this body. Suppose, however, that they have 
changed their minds, and that they present them- 
selves this morning, and the ycas and nays are 
called, and they wish to record their votes; can 
this Senate prevent them from recording their 
votes? I hold that they are members of the Sen- 
ate of the United States, until they have resigned 
to some other authority than the Senate of the 
United States. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is nothing more com- 
mon than for a Senator to resign to the body of 
which he is a member, and nothing more com- 
mon than for us to communicate the fact ofa va- 
cancy to the Governor ofa State. I hold that, if 
they have done an act which amounts to a resig- 
nation, they cannot withdraw it the next day. 
If onc of them 
They have no power to do it. 
comes in here, and takes a seat, of course we will 
permit him to do so by courtesy, as an ex-Sena- 
tor; but I apprehend he would not vote as an ex- 
I cannot recognize the doctrine that a 
Senator. 
man may dissolve his connection with the body, 
and withdraw from the obligations of a Senator, 
and come back when he has a mind to do so, and 
give the castino• vote in a tight struggle, and then 
slip out again. They are either members of the 
If they are members of 
body, or they are not. 
the body, they are subject to the rules of the 
body. They should be required to attend the 
body, and to vote; not when they chose, but when 
the body requires them to do so, according to its 
rules. But I hold if they have done that which 
amounts, in fact and in law, to a resignation, 
their seats being vacant, whether they will be 
filled or not will depend upon the States that they 
formerl 
represented. 
Mr. BITCH. Mr. President, the very object 
of the suggestion I made was to avoid this de- 
bate. 
I supposed it would do so. The proposi- 
tion suggested was so fair on its face, and so man- 
ifestly designed to avoid this discussiån relative 
to the manner in which certain Senators have left 
their seats, and their right to do so, or the right 
to recognize that act on our part, that I supposed 
it would meet with no objection from any source. 
I am sorry it has not escaped the criticism of the 
Senator from Illinois. Thereare Senators to whom 
his rernarks will not apply. One of the Senators 
from Georgia is absent. He has never notified 
us of his intention to absent himself. TW() Sen- 
ators from South Carolina, and one from Missis- 
sippi also, are absent, without notifying us of their 
absence; but the fact that they arc absent is known 
to the respective committees; and if the acting 
chairman of those committees should notify the 
Vice President of that fact, do not see why those 
vacancies could not be filled without raising a 
question relative to the manner in which they j 
left, or t.be right ofa State to secede. That is not 
involved in the question at all. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is impossible to avoid 
some determination upon the questionsprcsemed 
by the Presiding Offcer of the Senate. I think 
the Senator from Indiana will find that thatques- 
tion will recur, and require determination -by the 
Senate. It is obvious that the difficulty here arises 
from a vital difference of opinion in relation to the 
fact of the action of the seceding States.. It appears 
to me very-strange, indeed, whatever may be our 
opinions as to the legality or right ofa sovereign 
Statc to,' commit an act which dissolves its con- 
nection with tho Union, that there should be a 
question as to the fact. However, that factis dis- 
puted, it seems. Although certain States have 
declared th cmsel ves independent States ; although, 
in point of fact, they are organized as independ- 
ent nations; although, in point of fact, there is 
l')0t a Federal offcer within their limits perform- 
ing Federal duties, except with their express con- 
sent, in certain exceptional cases; although the 
Government is utterly without possession of those 
States, or the power to enforce its lat.vs there by 
tribunals; yet gentlemen persist in saying that 
the fact is, the, are still members of the Union. 
Mr. FITCH! Will the Senator from Louisi- 
ana permit me to make a remark? The object of 
my suggestion was to avoid all allusion to the 
fact, one way or the other. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understood it perfectly 
well. 
Mr. FITCH. It was to avoid any recognition 
of that; but the fact of their absence we propose 
to recognize, of course. 
Mr. BENJ AMIN. 1 premised my remarks by 
stating that such had been the Senator's intention, 
and informing him that, in my judgment, we can- 
not avoid the discussion, for thcre are other things 
to bc taken into consideration, as '•,vill very soon 
be obvious to the Senate. 
Now, sir, in the first place, there was one su«- 
gestion from tho Chair which, it strikes me, re- 
quires the immediate action of the Senate. 
understand the Chair aright, we were informed 
that there was no entry upon the Journals of the 
occurrence which took place in open Senate yes- 
terday, vital in the constitution of this body. Did 
I understand the Chair aright? Then 1 will begin 
by moving that the Journals of our proccedings 
state the facts. They form the oflicial record of 
what occurs in this Senate—of everything of a 
public character requiring to bo preserved; and in 
order to test the sense of the Senate, so far as that 
is concerned, (I suppose there can bc no objection 
to that,) I move that it be ordered to be stated 
upon the Journal, among the proceedings of 
yesterday, that certain Senators arose in their 
places and communicated to the Senate that their 
States had assumed the right of withdrawing from 
the Union—had passed ordinances of secession, 
declaring themselves independent of all Federal 
ties, and of all allegiance to the Constitution of 
the United States, and thereupon took leave of the 
Senate, and retired. That fact ought to appear 
It is a fact in the history of 
upon our Journals. 
the country, in the proceedings of the Senate, 
which can by no possibility be passed over in 
i move, therefore, as a preliminary mo- 
silence. 
tion, that the Journals be ordered to be so cor- 
rected as to state that fact. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. should like to ask the 
Senator from Louisiana a question , if hp will allow 
me to do so. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. With pleasure. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. ask him whether, 
in his judgment, after making that annunciation 
with reference to their seats yesterday, and the 
tact being so that the States had passed these or- 
dinances of secession, these gentlemen would have 
had a legal, constitutional right to remain here, 
had they chosen" to do so and act as Senators? 
Mr. BENJAMIN. In my opinion, very clearly 
not. 
•Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, it seems to 
me if we are going to make up a record of the 
transaction of yesterday, it ought to be either a 
I think it will be doing 
full one or none at all. 
very great discourtesy to our associates who have 
which they aid their States. had usumed. : 
tainly it would bC contrary-to a-II inLä'hnet• of kéer 
ing records to enter speeches of,this.kind. ' 
utterly opposed, however, MR. Presidélit,'foxany• 
entry of this transaction. •I think the less theré 
is said about it, the sooner it Will be mended!] I' 
am for leaving these seats here*fortbose -Sendtofs, 
or for Other Scoatoi•s from the States which they 
represent, to be resumed at their own time and in 
their good pleasure. I hope diat ihe time will-not 
be long before they will be here again.' If oi.if 
records shall only be kept for the instru'ctiofi- Of 
posterity, in faihng to record the' transaction Of 
yesterday, in that respect, it will- be an omission 
that I think will be more honored than would be 
the observance and a statement of the facts. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, 
some diffculties about this question, in my judg- 
ment, which all gchtlemen probably have pea? 
ceived. I hold most decidcdlj and decisively, 
without any qnestion, or any reservation or any 
limitation of any kind whatever, that no Stat'e has 
a right to secede, as the language is, from {the 
Union; and that consequent.ly all these acts that 
havc been performed by these four StateS are 
without any constitutional to their 
duty, and of no sort of effect whatever, so far as 
we are concerned. I do not propose now to go 
into an argument to show the grounds of my 
opinion; but that is my opinion, as gentlemen 
probably very well understand. Therefore, when 
these gentlemen announced yesterday that they 
withdrew from the Senate in consequence of this 
act, I did not consider that the act itself had any 
sort of connection constitutionally with what they 
themselves saw fit to do upon the floor—not in 
the slightest possible It might be a suf- 
ficient reason to justify tilem t.oüeir own minds, 
and in their own minds, for what they did; but to 
me, the reason for thc act had no sort of signifi- 
cance. 
Then, sir, we stand precisely in this attitude: 
we, I- say, on this side of the Senate—I, speaking 
for myself—do not recognize in any way the act 
that has been performed by these States. 
1 can. 
not help recognizing, however, what was done by 
the Senators themselves. They made a certain 
announcement; and the question for us to settle 
as it is brought up now is, how far that announce- 
mcnt has any legal effect whatever. They did 
not say that they resigned their seats upon this 
I suppose it would be perfectly competent 
floor. 
for them to say it without putting it in writing, 
and that we might accept the notice. It is accord- 
ing to the usual form. The ordinary course of 
proceedings, as I understand it, is for the resigna- 
tion to be made to the bodies that elected them, 
and for us to be notified of the fact. 
I do not 
understand that any resignation has been made 
in thc casc of these gentlemen. In the case of 
the South Carolina Senators, there wras a formal' 
resignation of their offces, as we learned from 
the newspapers; but we •have not been notified of 
the fact at all. 
Now, that the State of Mississippi, for 
instance, should to-morrow elect, if their Legis- 
lature was in session, other Senators, other gen- 
tlemen than those who retired yesterday, and 
they should come bere and present certificates of 
then• election; and suppose, at the same time, that 
the old Senators who retired yesterday should 
return and claim their seats upon this floor: how 
are we to settle that question ? Who are t.he Sen- 
ators to bc admitted? It comes back to the fact 
whether they had ever resigned their seats or not. 
That is the question: whether they had ever le- 
gally ceased to be members of this body. W c do 
not admit that they ceased to be so by the act of' 
their States in withdrawing, at all. We do ad- 
mit, however, the right ofa Senator to of 
course. Have those Senators resigned their seats 
or not? 
Now, I agree in part with my friend from New 
York, that so far as the act of these seceding 
States is concerned with reference to withdrawing 
themselves from the Union, I would not take any 
notice whatever on the record of a notification to 
withdrawn under very peculiar circumstances, that purport if it was given here. I agree with 
and probably very disrespectful to their States, him. 
I think it is of no consequence, so far as 
that the fact should be stated that they rosc in thc record is concerned, although of very great 
their seats and made that announcement, and then i i consequence in its effect upon the Union. But, 
sir, we are compelled to take notice of the act of 
withdrew, without spreading upon the records 
the Senators themselves here. If it is a resigna- 
the reasons and the arguments which they ad- 
dressed to ihc Senate ih support of the position tion, we must take notice of it upon the recordi 
