1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB. 
50B 
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, for one, 1 am 
prepared to vote now, because the sooner the 
question is settled the better. I will give my opin- 
ion in a very few words. I undérsland that gcn- 
tlcmcn rose in their seats yesterday and declared 
that they were about permanently to withdraw 
from this body. They did so. I think a perma- 
nent withdrawal is a resignation; and I think it 
is equally a resignation whether it is offered in 
writing, or whether it is offered verbally in their 
In my judgment, it is quite 
places on this floor. 
as much a resignation whether they undersqnd 
clearly for themselves the reasons which induce 
If Senator resigns his 
them to resign, or not. 
place here, believing that his State has reoalled 
him, whether by a vote of the Legislature, or a 
vote of a convention, or a vote of the people, or 
'no vote at all, still , if he, believes that he is recalled, 
and acts upon that belief and docs resign, the res- 
ignationshouid take effect and be so held, whether 
hc be mistaken or otherv•.7ise as to the reasons 
which influence him. 
Now, I am one of those who do not believe that 
South Carolina has seceded, or Mississippi, or 
A]abama; because I do not believe they have the 
power or the right to do so; bub I believc they 
Intend to do that, and I bclicvc their Senators are 
1 believe that they 
QCting upon that intention. 
have, in the most formal way possible, perhaps, 
certainly the most solemn, offered their resigna- 
to this body. Ido not think it becomes me to 
obicct that they could not resign because I do not 
think they ought to have resigned. I accept what 
the..v have done, as a permanent withdrawal from 
this; body; and i propose so to treat it. The con- 
sequences I may argue hereafter. 
If those States, to-morrow, should propose to 
send other Senators here, I should be glad and 
happy to rcceive them, but I would not be will- 
incr to receive these 'Fentlemen u«rain, unless they 
were reelected; because, in my judgment, they 
resigned, and havincy resigned, I do not think their 
and therefore, I am 
resignation can be recalled; 
quitc willing to vote either for the amendment to 
.tho. Journal proposed by the honorable Senator 
from •Louisiana, or the amendment to that prop- 
osition, offered by the honorable Senator from 
Illinois, though l. beg leave to state that I I-n•efer 
the modc of expression of the Senator from Illi- 
nois, because I think it is more in accordance 
with the fact. 
Beyond that, I may add another word. I am 
not anxious to acknowledge, upon this floor, 
secession in any way, if I can avoid it. Certainly 
It may a fact so 
I may bc forced to it. 
patent, so notorious, so dangerous, that I shall be 
so compelled. But while I think that the resi«r- 
nation of these Senators as a matter of fact ought 
to bc here recorded, do not know that their 
reasons for it, or the condition of public affairs in 
their Slates, are necessary to be mentioned on 
.the Journal; and therefore it is that I prefer tho 
wordincr of the amendment of the Senator from 
Illinois, as understand it—a simple statement 
that certain gentleman, Senators upon this floor, 
rose in their places in this body and declared 
their permanent withdrawal from it as Senators. 
Thal is the fact; and in my judgment, facts ought 
always to be stated. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator me 
to sucrrrest that I have modificd my amendment 
by aüing, 
" and that their namcs bc dropped 
from the list. 
Mr. BAKER. That is a consequence that will 
inevitably follow. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will 
suggest to Senators that the motion to lay on the 
{table is not debatable. 
Mr. MASON. Allow me to saya '.vord. I 
understand the question was made by the Sen- 
:ator from Louisiana, and, I think, correctly taken, 
that it cannot bc laid on the table so as to doför 
action on it. The Journal of the day Illust be 
corrected to the satisfactionoftheSenatc, I should 
think, before the Senate cen proceed ,with busi- 
objection, the Chair will hear the Senator from 
Virginia. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 withdraw the motion. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Vircrinia, then, can proceed. 
Nil'. MASON. IVIr. President, there are four 
States claiming to be out of the Union, and théir 
representatives here, the SenatorsAHLve offcially 
informed the Senate of the fact that their States 
have withdrawn from the Union; and, in pursu- 
ance of it, as they have informOd the Senat% they 
have withdrawn also, considering themselves no 
longer members of this body. These are -the 
facts. Honorable Senators on the other side, 
morc especially tho very able Senator from Maine, 
[Mr. FESSENDEN,] have said that these are not 
facts; that the States have not withdrawn; that 
they arc as much members of this Union as they 
were at the commcncemcnt of the session; and 
that it is not competent for those States to with- 
draw, unless the concurrence of their -confederates 
is given in some way, as I understand. 
Now, Mr. President, it is a matter of very little 
moment to those States that have Withdrawn, 
It will 
wrhat the decision of the Senate rnay be. 
not affect their action in the slightest degree, and 
'l'hey have under- 
will not ailict their position. 
It 
taken to decide that question for themselves. 
is perfectly immaterial what the action of this 
Senate may be upon it, they and their people no 
longer being under the jurisdiction of tho Senate. 
But it would seem to nio to be a mat.t.er of some 
moment for the Senate to determine; because, 
whether they are or arc not members of the Union, 
affects at once the condition of this body, and its 
If they ure not members of 
competency to act. 
the Union, those four Stales being out, there are 
but twenty-nine States in the Union; and there 
being but t\V0 Senators from each State of those 
it) the Union , the quorum will be governed thcrcbyo 
My colleague so "(rested iust now that the ques- 
tion did affect the quorum , and, perhaps, had bet- 
t.er not be decided now, if I understand correctly; 
whence the honorable Senator from Maine in- 
ferred that therc was a design here to reserve 
what he called a locus pænitentiæ to those States. 
I am utterly unaware that there is any such de- 
sire on this side of the Chamber, because, if there 
were, it would be but doing a vain act; the act 
would bc void if we attempted to reserve a place 
for those Senators, or Senators from those States, 
on this floor, non obstante the action of the States 
It is not in our power to do it if we 
themselves. 
desired it. But I think he does rny colleague in- 
justice in tho construction of his remarks, because 
out' sympathies are with those States in what thcy 
have done. W c believe they had a right to do it; 
and we believe their act is perfected, and requires 
nothing nwrc from any body of men whatever to 
place those States as they claim to bc, entirely 
out of the jurisdiction of this Union, as utterly 
discc,nnected with it as the Government of France 
of England. 
Well, now, sir, as to this question, in my judg- 
ment, the only propriety and the only necessity 
of dctermining It is' to determine the condition of • 
If honorable Senators on the other 
the Senate. 
side are disposed to ffive an advantage to the mi- 
novity on this side, by refusing to recoenize thc 
act of secession, be it so—Ict them do it; but let 
them please to understand that it is their act, and 
not the act of any southern represerktative, that 1 
If they choose to 
am aware of, upon this floor. 
disable their majority, and to increase the power 
of the minority' here, by so treating the subject, 
bc it so; it is their act, not ours. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 wish to say that my 
I did not I 
league certainly interpreted me aright. 
repiy to that remark ab01.tt tbc locus pcnitentiæ, I 
because I thought it was a rnere„ sportive allusion 
which did not require reply. Of course, every- 
body knows that these gentlemen desire no op- 
precedent which will read, thus: A ifwill be found, 
when we refer to the CönÉi•essioü'åtCGlbbé, whéi•e 
we shall see reported what h,hej- did2 say, yefsCer- 
day, that they only asserted that theii• Staves had 
seceded, and that, as a conseqüence:,• théy 
bound to withdraw; The effect: of striking them 
off the rolls will be to treat their Stateé as havirig 
seceded , no matter what statements 'may be: made 
here as to what they said ; because, when posterity 
shall come to look to this case as a precedent, they 
will go to the'Globe, and see what they •di(l Say; 
and when they come to ascertain what they did 
say, they will find that they said nothing like 
resigning; but; on the contrary; merely -stated it 
as an act 'which was necessary upon the with- 
drawal Of their States from this Union. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I disagree, sir, with the 
Senator from Virginia [Mr. HUNTERI in toto,and 
I wish to say a few Words in opposition to the 
amendment suggested by the Senator from Illi- 
nois. 
Mr. President, it will 'be remembered by all 
Senators that on the question of the right of a 
State to recall its Senat01is, there were long de- 
bates in the Federal convention. Under the Old 
Confederation, cach State was entitled to one vote; 
sent its delegations to the Congress of the' Con- 
federation; withdrew them at pleasure; changed 
them at will. When the Constitution was framed, 
repeated effort.s were made to vest in the States 
the right to recall their Senators at will. These 
attempts failed ; and the Legislatures of the States, 
having onco exercised then• functions of electing 
a Senator, elect him for his entire term, and pre- 
serve no control over him. They have no power 
of recall. 
Now, sir, yesterday a number of Senators made 
a statement of fact; and it is precisely that state- 
ment of fact omcially made to the Seriåte by the 
Senators themselves, which the Senator from Illiu 
nois proposes, by this amendment,' to' leave out 
of the record. 'l'he first thing done by thosd Sen- 
ators yesterday—none contest that—was to make 
an omcial statement that their States had passed 
ordinances of secession, a-nd had •withdrawn from 
the Union. My motion requires that fact to be 
stated upon the Journal of the Senate as a part -of 
the official record of the proceedings of the Senate: 
the offcial announcement inade by members of 
the Senate to the body, that their States had passed 
ordinances of secession. If that was a proceed- 
ing which took place in the Senate yesterday, 
(and none deny it,) by what authority shall it be 
kcpt out of the Journal? The Constitution re- 
quires us to keep a Journal of the proceedings of 
the Senate; and whether a Senator makes oflicial 
communication to the Senate of the action of his 
State verbally, or in writing, I think it will be 
found vain to search fora precedent by which the 
fact of that official communication had been omit- 
tecfin the Journal. 
It is one of the proceedings 
of the Senate which, by the Constitution, is to be 
recorded. 
That was one fact. Another fact was, that these 
Senators thereupon withdrew. That, all admit. 
That is another portion Of the proceedings of the 
Senate, which, under the Constitution, is required 
to be put down in the Journal; and I totally dis- 
gent from the suggestion of the honorable Senator 
from New York, that we are to put in the Jour- 
nal such things as please us, and that there are 
certain omissions which would be better honored 
than the observance of the requirements of the 
Constitution. We have no right to Icave out of 
the Journal any part of the public omcial proceed- 
ings of the Senate. 
Now, sir, these two points all admit: first, the 
official announcement of the withdrawal of the 
States; no Senator objected to that being made by 
If that point of 
parol instead of in writing. 
i order had been raised it would have been determ- 
incd. It was not raised. The announcement 
was made by pnrol; but it was madc by the Sen- 
portunity for repentance, but believe themselves 
to bc in the right. I will say, though, while I arn ators officially, in the names of theirSlates. Next, 
these Senators withdrevv'. There are two facts 
up, just one word in regard to the proposed amend- 
It will be found that my that must certainly go upon the Journal. We 
ness. That is my view. should like to say u ment of the Journal. 
few words in reply to what has been said on the suggestion in regard to the practical mode of meet- have no discretion upon that subject. Then rc- 
ing the question is the right one, I think. Ona I mains one other question; and what is that ques- 
other side. 
tion? The Senator from Illinois, and the Sénator 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator question of quoru:n, each man will vote, whether 
these States are in or out, upon his own reasons. from Maine following him, say that what these 
desire to address the Chair on lhe point of order? 
no more than I have Now we are required to vote upon certain state- gentlemen said was in their opinion equivalent to 
Mr. NIASON. No, sir; 
said. I want to say a few words on the propo- ments of what these gentlemen said, when they a resignation; but the Senator from Virginia is 
are not here present to correct us themselves. i mistaken in supposing thatanyof them say it was 
sition itself. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no I My own opinion is, however, that it will makea ! a resignation, that they resigned in terms• N0- 
