THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBß. 
January 22, 
b6dy_.haÉ preiérided that here. Everybody' knows 
the contrary. We all know that those Senators 
said that they withdreW from tbe Senate, as being, 
their jådgmeht-, no longer entitled to hold seats 
here, in- consequence of the påsSage of the ordi- 
tianée of secession. What we are discussing here 
*iow is not tlie fåct, but the legal significånce Of 
ihé fact. Now'! differ with the Senator from 
Illinois in drawing the conclusion of,the 'resiøna- 
tion. Thatis his conclusion from what occu'rred. 
I did not understand him as stating that the Sen- 
ators said they lidd '"esighed,nordo I understand 
iliO Senator from' Måine a'S saying SO; but they 
Éa'y_, that theSé" Sphåtor-s, having stated that they 
Withdrew from the Senate, that, in their judgment, 
amounts to resi«n-Ätion. That is a fair argument 
to use, and to be Supported as gentlemen• best can. 
but the proposition now before the Senate is 
to have the record Of its proceedings correct. Does 
any man question here that the statement made 
by me in writing, in my motion to have the Jour- 
nal corrected, does contain a true statement of 
what occurred; first, suggestion, Or rather an 
offcial communication of' the fact of the passage 
of the ordinance' of secession; and, secondly, the 
Withdrawal of the Senators upon their statement 
that they believed that, by reasori of that seces- 
sion, they were no longer entitled to seats? No- 
body disputes these facts. Therefore, the Sena- 
tor from Virginia is mistaken in saying that we 
are making up al record in the absence of these 
gentlemen about'disputed facts. The dispute that 
has arisen hete i' upon the legal Significance of 
these facts. 
I think no Senator has suggeSted a 
döUbt ds to the Statemérit of the Withdrawing Sen- 
ators, that they considered the action of thei r'States 
such as deprived them Of the right to a seat in this 
body; and it Was upon that ground that they with- 
As, under the Constitution of the United States, 
Stales within the Union have no right to recall 
their Senators, it is eminently proper that the fact 
that the withdrawal of these Senators, through 
the action of their States, occurred by reason of 
a secession should appear. Otherwise it would 
appear upon the face of the proceedingS, that the 
States Iliad assumed to recall Senators without 
authority under the Constitution so to do. We 
know they have no such right. The record, then, 
according to the motion I submit, will present the 
propositions just as they occurred, and the pre- 
dise grounds taken by the States, and by the 
withdrawing Senators. They are not recalled by 
cheir States, as States within the Union. That 
ought not to appear upon the record. It is not 
so. it ought not to seem possible, on the face 
of the record, that those Senators were recalled 
by their States while their States were in the 
Union. That would be an admission of a directly 
unconstitutional act, and one which they them- 
selves would admit to be unconstitutional. When, 
then, the Senators declare that they withdraw by 
rcason of the action of their States, as those States 
would have no right to cause such withdrawal 
by their recall, if that State reniained in the Union, 
the necessity is urgent that it should be stated that 
the Senators first declared that their States had 
gone out of the Union by ordinances of seces- 
sion, and therefore that act constituted the reason 
for their withdrawal. 
I think, sir, that is the 
necessary statement of the constitutional question 
on the Journal. 
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I rise to a ques- 
lion of order. 
VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
New Hampshire rises to a question of order. He 
will state it. 
Mr. HALE. A motion was made to lay this 
sub*ect on the table; arid that is not debatable. 
VICE PRESIDENT. That has been 
Withdrawn. 
Mr. HALE. 1 did not it. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 agree with the Senator from 
Louisianä, that we must enter all of our proceed- 
ings upon the Journal; and thät his criticism upon 
the remark of the Senator from New York, if that 
was intended as serious, that you could omit no 
part of our proceedings, is well taken. The dif- 
ference between the Senator from Louisiana and 
myself is as to what was the proceeding yester- 
day. He understandé the proceeding yesterday 
as the announcement to this body of the secession 
of certain States of this Union. 
I do not under- 
stand th&t any such proceeding was had. under- 
stand that certain Senators yesterday withdrew 
from this body as no longer being members of it, 
and -gave certain reasons for their withdrawal. 
The fact of their withdrawal, and dissolving their 
connection with the body, was the only proceed- 
ing that took place. The reasons they assigned 
for the act are no part of our proceedings. It is 
true they assigned various reasons. One was; 
that their States had passed certain ordinances. 
Another was, that their States were justifiable in 
passing them, because their equality in the Union 
had been violated, because of certain unkind 
and ungenerous conduct on the part of northern 
States, and because they had not such- protection 
for a certain class of property as they claimed; 
and various other reasön•s, some of which I think 
were well founded, and some of which- I think 
were untrue; abd I should have combated them 
at the time but for the fact that I should have 
been replying to retiring Senators who could not 
have replied to me. I never would have permit- 
ted those reasons to go on the record uncontra- 
dicted, because I think they do violence to the 
history of the country, and to the truth of the 
case, if tliey were to be spread upon the Journal 
as a part of our proceeding; but, inasmuch as they 
only constituted some of the reasons upon which 
they had acted, I was wilfing that their reasons 
should go to the world, so long as they did not 
constitute a part of our proceedings, and history 
would give them such weight, and the people of 
the country would award them such credit, as 
they were entitled to. 
The only fact to be recorded upon our Journal 
is, that thesc gentlemen dissolved their connection 
with the body and withdrew. Their reasons for 
that proceeding are not entitled to be put upon the 
record. The Journal is not to containa transcript 
of our debates. I deny that it is proper to take 
one of the reasons and detach it the rest and 
put that upon the record. The Senator from Lou- 
Isiana proposes to record the fact, and give one 
amoncr several reasons. He is bound to give the 
whole (if the reasons or to give none of them. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit 
me, I nevcr understood that any other but one 
was given by these gentlemen. They gave agreat 
many reasons why their States had seceded; but 
I heard them give no other reason for their own 
withdrawal than the offcial announcement that 
their States had seceded, and that that deprived 
them ofa right to a seat on this floor. They then 
went on, in parting remarks, to give an opinion 
why it was their States had seceded, and to jus- 
tify the act of secession; but they never Tave them 
for withdrawing from the Senate. They gave but 
a solitary ground for svithdrawing from the 
Senate. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. They gave the reason that 
the State had seceded. Then they gave, as another 
reason, that they believed the State had a right to 
secede, and that, theretöre, they were no longer 
entitled to seats here. I think that was part of the 
art-yument. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 think the Senator is en- 
tirely rnistaken. They never gave that the State 
had a rioht to secede as aground for withdrawal, 
because they all admitted that, whether thc State 
had the right or had not the right, ithnd seceded, 
and they considered the fact of secession as a svith- 
drawal of their powers. They argued about the 
reasons for the secession. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, hold that 
unless they considered the States had first seceded , 
and secondly, they had a right to do it, they were 
not bound to withdraw. Suppose 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to 
interru t him for a moment to present a fact? 
Mr. BOUGLAS. Yes, sir. 
Mr. MASON. The President of the United 
States, in his late message to Congress, transmit- 
ted to Congress the certified copy, or, properly, 
the exemplified copy, of the act of secession by the 
convention of South Carolina. Therefore, ns to 
that State, the fact that she has seceded is offcially 
communicated to Congress by the President. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. No one is denying that those 
lutions to recall a Senator, and the Senator when 
those resolutions were presented here should say, 
Believing that the State has a right to recall me, 
I therefore yield obedience and retire:" 
vacates his seat, because it is a resignation in fact. 
Suppose, on the other hand, he should say, 
" Having no right to recali me, I refuse to obey 
then he remains a member of the body. 
it:" 
Whether he shall retire or not, depends upon 
whether he recognizes the right ofa State to Wilh- 
draw him or -not. T„hese Senators, therefore, 
having determined to retire, assigned certain rea- 
sonS. I am not going to inquire whether the 
reasons were well-founded or not. 
It is enough 
for mc that they retired and dissolved their con- 
nection with the body, that they had a right thus 
to retire, and that too for bad reasons; and I can 
recognize the fact that they are no longer mem- 
. bers of the body, without indorsing their reasons. 
Suppose one of those Senators in cxtremely del- 
icate health had said, " I retire from •this body 
never to return ao•ain, because my physician ad- 
vises me that my health requires it" 
Mr. BAKER. Will the honorable Senator 
allow me a moment to get the fact before the 
Senate? 'I'he opening remark of Mr. YULEE, iB 
before me, which I will read: 
Mr. President, I rise to make known to the Senate that 
in consequence of certain proceedings which have lately 
taken place in the State of Florida, my colleague and my- 
self are of the opinion that our connection with this body is 
legally terminated." 
That is the whole thing. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Precisely; and then they an- 
nounce the fact that they have terminated their 
connection with theScnatc. Butl was just makino• 
a supposition that, in assim"ling the reasons which 
were given, one of them had said, in consequence 
of his health and the advice of his physician, his 
life depended upon his retiring from the body, 
and therefore he retired. Is it necessary for us 
to inquire whether his physician .haå given him 
sound advice or not; Whether he was as sick as 
he thought he was? Is it not enough for us to 
recognize the fact that he has dissolved his con- 
nection with the body, and leave his reasons to 
stand for what they are worth? Now, I deny that 
the Senate can properly enter on its Journal any 
other fact than the one that they had withdrawn 
from the body, amounting to resignation, and 
leaving the reasons out of consideration. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 never denied that the Sen- 
ate had a right, if it chose, to enter a statement of 
facts upon its Journal. 1 merely spoke of what 
was usual in making up the Journal. It is usual, 
in making up the Journal, as you very well know, 
sir, to put nothing upon it but propositions made 
for the action of the Senate. 
If a resolution is 
offered and withdrawn, without the action of the 
Senate, that does not appear upon the Journal. 
That is the fact in regard to the mode of making 
it up. Of course, the Senate, if it chooses. can 
put other facts upon it. 
Neither did I mean to say that the Senator from 
Maine and the Senator from Illinois had declared 
that the seceding Senators had resigned, in so 
many words. My object was to show that the 
legal effect of declaring their seats vacant and en- 
tei•ing it on the Journal must be to acknowledge 
that the State did terminate their authority to sit 
here when it seceded from the Union. My object 
was to show that when you come to enter Chat 
fact, unless you declare that they have actually 
resigned, it will be taken as a conclusion at which 
the Senate arrived, from the action of the States, 
that the Senators were no longer allowed to sit 
here; and what I desired was, that thc entry 
should not be mude, if they determine to correct 
ence that those Senators had, in so many words, 
undertaken to resign their seats; for that is not 
according to the facts of the case. They said they 
withdrew, as is stated in the extract. from the 
paper just read by the Senator from Oregon, be- 
cause ofcefrtain proceedings in their States; which 
proceedings had terminated their legal connection 
with this body. Now, sir, all I ask is, if the Sen- 
States have passed ordinances of the kind stated ate undertakes to make theentry upon the Journal, 
by various Senators; but the point is, in order to 
vacate their seats here, first, the States must have 
seceded; and, next, they must have had a right 
to do so; otherwise the Senator is not compelled 
I was going to that proposi- 
to retire. 
lion by supposing that a State should pass reso- 
that it enter the facts as they occurred; because, 
if they do, it will be found that the declaration 
that those seats are vacant can only be jastificd 
on the ground that they were vacant because 
secession of the States hud terminated their legal 
authority to sit here.. 
