1861. 
507 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
it not been a vexed or mooted question, from the written opinion that such cases would not be cov- 
foundation of our Government until now, whether ered by the Constitution of the United States; 
a person is to be surrendered on the demand of II whereupon the Governor of • Virginia refused to 
another State, as a fugitive from justice, who had make the surrender, and notified Ehe Governor of 
not violated the law of the State in which he was? I Pennsylvania of that fact, and accompanied his 
I know that the decisions of the courts have been reply with the written opinion of the attorney 
contradictory on this subject; and here I will an- , general of Virginia. Thereupon the Governor of 
swer over again the Senator from Kentucky, who Pennsylvania communicated these papers to Gen- 
I cral Washington, as PresidentoftheUnitedStates, 
made the same charge against our Governor. 
will say now, what I was not prepared to say when and he delivered or communicated them to the 
had it up before—for after all, when I call for Senate of the United States, and asked for legis- 
specifications, they all run right back there—there lation on the subject. The response to that com- 
I munication of General Washington was the law 
is little delinquency they can fasten upon us. 
have said, givc us specifications. He has had a of 1793, -providing for the surrender of fugitive 
slaves and fugitives from justice. That I believe 
month to consider upon it, and has come here to" 
day with a deliberate, premeditated speech; and I to be the first case that ever occurred in which a 
when I axk him to specify, he runs right back to ii Governor refused to deliver up criminals upon the 
the same old charge again. There is no new spe- 
eification; but it is said Governor Dennison re- 
fused to deliver a man who was said to bc en- 
gaged somehow in enticing slaves from Kentucky. 
i can state to that Senator now, what I intimated 
before, and he said he. did not know, that our 
Governor, in making this decision, whcther it 
was right or wrong, (for I do not know; it is a 
law question, which the courts will decide,) had 
at. least the merit or demerit of going to Ken- 
tuck y and to a Kentucky. Governor for his pre- 
codent. He grounded it upon that; and I think 
that, at all cvcnts, ou€rht to have excused him from 
the severity of the cilarge the Senator has made 
ao•ainst him. I say to the Senator from Virginia, 
I do not know 
Mr. POWELL. 1 hope the Senator will allow 
a word) as he has frequently alluded to a 
prccedent of the Governor of Kentucky. 
Mr. YVADE. Yes, sir. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 like to know the 
If therc is such a casc, I confess I am not 
case. 
I should like to have the Senator 
aware of it. 
state the grounds on which thc Governor of Ken- 
tucayr refused to deliver a person up. 
Mr. WADE. Becausc it was not a crime in 
n tuck y. 
N:lr. POWELL. In reply to that, I have stated 
before, when that case has been alluded to, that 
I was not aware of it; but I will state to the Sen- 
ator now that I do not think it was, though it 
might have been, for the reason he assigns; be- 
cause, from the very organization of our govern- 
mcnt, wc have had iaws on our statute-book 
against kidnappmg. Kidnapping has ever been 
ail offense in Kentucky. We passed a lavvr, I 
think, as early as 1800, and do not doubt we 
incorporated It into our code of laws from Vir- 
einia, for 1 suppose she had laws on the subject. 
I have not examined. Our Governor, then, could 
not have refused because kidnapping was not an 
has been from the organization 0? Kentucky. 
If our Governor did refuse, he did wrong. 
lieve it is a principle well established in law, as 
well as in morals, that no man can adduce a right 
I know that persons havc 
ih•orn ano thor's 
been uniformly delivered up of late years for of- 
fenscs that are not criminal under the statutes of 
Kontucky. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator allow me 
to make an explanation on this point? 
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 have heard a great deal of 
crimination and recrimination upon this question 
of Governors of States refusing to deliver up per- 
sons where the offense charged was not criminal 
in the State in which the offender was found. I 
ground that the oflönses charged were not crim- 
Inal in the States where the offenders were found. 
Since then it has occurred in other States. It has 
been the subject of crimination and recrimination. 
My own opinion is, that the practice initiated by 
Virginia, and followed bv the other States, IS 
wrong; but I do not think it forms proper sub- 
ject•ot' crimination on the slavery question. 
Mr. MASON. If the Senator from Ohio will 
give mc the floor an instant, I shall be indebted 
to hirn very much. 
Mr. WADE. Certainly. 
Mr. MASON. The case introduced by the Sen- 
ator from Illinois was as he states it, and he states 
it correctly, I presume; but that originated before 
any law had been passcd by Congress for the sur- 
render of fucitives from justice. He adduces that 
for the purpose of impressinR upon the mind of 
our people that the first delinquency under the 
Constitution arose in Virginia. Now, I remem- 
ber that case as a fact existing. It is an incident 
I do not recollect; but it was a case, according to 
my apprehension, in which the authorities in Vir- 
crinia considered it necessary that the law should 
define what the Constitution required; and until 
the law did define it, the authorities of Virginia 
had a difficulty in determining to what extent the 
constitutional oblig.ation went. But understand 
the Senator from Illinois presents it as the first 
case that arose as a delinquency of the State of 
Virginia. Now, sir, I arn indebted to the Senator 
from Ohio for giving me the floor; but if Sena- 
tors on that side of the Chamber, or the Senator 
from Illinois, [Mr. DOUGLAS,] supposes that the 
wrongs, the injuries, tho contumelies, the insult* 
that for the last twenty years have been practiced 
upon the slaveholdino• States, and those which 
have now brought them under the responsibility 
of dissolving this U nion, are to be appeased by a 
clamor that thc first wron«y was on our part, or 
by a pretension that we have sustained no wrongs, 
let them have the benefit of their aro•ument. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 have only one word to 
Mr. MASON. 1 am not yet through. Let them 
have the benefit of their argument. These slave- 
holding States are capable of determining for them- 
selves whether it is their interest, whether their 
safety, whether their honor will permit them longer 
to remain in confederation with these non-slave- 
holding States. They will determine that for 
themselves and by themselves; and it is perfectly 
idle for gentlemen to say, " Present your bill of 
indictment; let us kilow wherein we have wronged 
you and it is perfectly vain, perfectly idle, for 
gentlemen to cndeavor to convict the slaveholding 
States of havi11T comrnitted the original error. 
1 beg 
I did not. intend to go into this argument. 
the pardon of the honorable Senator from Ohio 
our list of grievances and have 
they are mustaken.• 
Now, Mr. President, perhaps it isthe rmisfor-• 
tune of my manner to appear to be angry or ill- 
tempered , when I am really not so—very far from 
If any Senator supposes that I have said any- 
it. 
thing here, or intended to bé personally offensive- 
towards him, I do not so intend it. 
only to call the attention of the Senator from Ohio; 
to what I had in hand, about what is called in the 
paragraph, "the kidnapping law," which iS some- 
times called the personal liberty law. It is -this, 
published in the Constitution of the 19th of Jan- 
uary, and taken, as it is said, fromnhe Baltimore 
Sun : 
The Ohio- House of Representatives, by a vote of fifty- 
cight to thirty-one, has indefinitely postponed a bill to 
repeal the 'aet to prevent kidnappino.' Under this act,' 
says the Cleveland Democrat, during the Wellington res- 
cue trials in the United States court in this city, three per- 
sons one a deputy United States -Inarshal and the other 
two kentuckians, acting for the owner, were arrested and 
indicted iör penitentiary oflénse, for arresting a fugitive 
slave under the law of Congress foc the rendition of fågi- 
It was framed, and ha's the' efféct, to 
tives from service. 
nullify the fugitive slave law of Congress." 
That was the law, as I understood it, that the 
House of Representatives of Ohio refused to re- 
peal, after sending us these resolutions. 
Mr. WADE. Yes; sir. well, Mr. Presi- 
den t-— 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator allow me 
one word ? 
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir. 
Mr. I)OUGLAS. I must apologize to the Sen- 
ator for interjecting these remarks into his speech ; 
but I have heard these accusations so often brought 
against tbc non-slaveholding States as the justifi- 
cation of the present revolutionary movements, 
that I , as a representative from one of those States, 
have been restive under them, when I knew -that 
probably some cases have occurred in slavehold- 
mg as well as in non-slaveho]dino• States; and 
when knew by the history of the country that 
the first construction of the Constitution, this 
point—which I believe to have been erroneous— 
originated in a slaveholding State, in the State of 
Virginia, to which we look with great respect 
and veneration for a true construction of the Cone 
stitution. I have here the message of General 
Washington and of the Governor of Pennsylva- 
nia, communicating these facts, showing that this 
construction was first put upon the Constitution 
by the Governor and the attorney general of the 
State of Virginia. I admit it to be erroneous. I 
think it was; but it shows that it is not so clear 
a case of a violation of the Constitution, for a 
great many States have adopted that construction. 
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator from Illinois 
state who was the Governor, and who was the 
attorney general, of Virginia at that time ? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 have not looked through 
the papers to refresh my memory, and I cannot 
now recall to mind who they were. The, messao•e 
of Washington bears date October 27, 1791; and 
that of the Governor of Pennsylvania July '18, 
I have not gone carefully ovcr them this 
1791. 
time, although I have done so on a previous occa- 
sion. 
Mr. BIGLER. . Randolph was attorney gen- 
cra]. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Pennsyl- 
vania says Randolph was attorney general. The 
Senator from Virginia makes an excuse in this 
case, because it occurred before the law of Con- 
gress was passed upon the subject. That being 
granted, it shows that the case arose under the 
Constitution itself; and hence, if it bc a violation 
have taken some little pains to trace it. 
is not confined to our northern States, nor to the who has kindly given me the floor; but I confess I of the Constitution not to surrender up a person 
southern States; perhaps thcre havc been as many that I {bel it difficult to repress the feelings that 
in a case of this kind, the first offense occurred 
cases of refusal in the one as in the other. The belong to Ine as a southern man, when Senators , in Virginia clearly; for hc said that, under the 
here tell me, " You are in the wronø•, present your Constitution, there was no such obliffation•, and 
earliest case that I have been able to find—the onc 
that seerns to have been the precedent on which bill of indictment; let us know what you complain I if the obligation did not exist under the Consti- 
tution, it was incumbent upon Congress to im- 
of;" and upon an occasion when the disintegra- 
all the others were founded—occurred, I think, 
in 1791, in which certain persons were indicted in tion of this Union is going on by a power that pose au obligation. Hence this covers the whole 
the State of Pennsylvania for runnirp away some cannot be arrested; tlie States declaring them- case. 
free negroes; and being found in the State of Vir- selves absolved from ail obligation to any further Now, I am willing to grant that the Governor 
ginia, the Governor of Pennsylvania demanded obedience to the laws or the Constitution of the of Virginia made a mistake in construing the Con- 
stitution; and that the Governor of New York-, 
of tho Governor of Virginia their surrender. T hc United States. We are not going to presenta bill 
of indictment in any shape or form. The history following his example, made a mistake; and -that 
Governor of Virginia referred the casc to the 
the Governor of Kentucky, following their exam- 
attorney general of that State, to take his legal of the country presents it. 'The politicat expen- 
ence of these non-slaveholding States for roore ple, made a mistake, and that the Governor of Ohio 
opinion whether or not it v..ras his duty to surren- 
has made a mistake, and that many northern and 
If honorable Sen- 
than twenty years presents it. 
der persons that were charged with offcnses that 
ators supposc that this great movement of disrup- southern States have made a mistake •in constru- 
were criminal in the place where they were corn- 
What- does all this prove ? 
n3,itted, but were not criminal in the State of Vir- tion, which has begun and is advancing' is to be I \ the subject Of crimination 
gillia. The attorney general of Virginia gave his arrested by any clamor here that we must present 
