510 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 22, 
offce laws general and applicable to all laws of 
the United States. 
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot consent that this 
matter shall be complicated with other matters. 
Gentleman upon that side of the House have pro- 
tested against coercion. There is no coercion in 
this bill. 
It is a measure of peace, and, at the 
same time, a measure of economy. No gentle- 
man cari complain of this being an attempt to 
coerce a State. 
It simply states that, inasmuch 
as the postal laws cannot be executed, the postal 
service shall, in such cases, be withdrawn. 
Mr. BRANCH. Will the gentleman allowmy 
amendment to be read? 
Mr'. COLFAX. I have no objection to that. 
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman from In- 
diana to postpone the consideration of this bill to 
some other time. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 call for the reading of the 
amendment. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask that the 
Clerk also read the original bill at the same time. 
JOHN JOHNSON. 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Before thatisdonc, 
I desire to have an error corrected which occurred 
yesterday. It will occupy but a moment. On 
my motion, the Committee of the Whole House 
was discharged from the further consideration of 
House bill No. 263, for the relief of John John- 
son, and the bill was referred to the Committee 
on Indian Affairs. By mistake the bill was en- 
grossed, and sent to the Senate as passed. I am 
sorry that that is not the fact. 
I submit the fol- 
lowing resolution: 
Rcsolecd, That. the Clerk of this House be directed to 
request the Senate to return House bilt No. 263, entitled 
An aet tor the relief of John Johnson, of Ohio." 
The rcsolution was agreed to. 
POSTAL SERVICE—AGAIN. 
The original bill offered by Mr. COLFAX was 
again read. 
'l'he amcndment offered by Mr. BRANCH was 
read, as follows: 
Strike out an after the enacting clause, and insert : 
To the end that all occasion the use of force Inay 
be removed, and to prevent the breaking out of civil wqr 
pending the deliberations of Congress on•the. existing crisis, 
in public alläirs, be it enacted that the laws of the Uni- 
ted States be, and hereby are, suspended until the 1st day 
of January, 1862, in and over those States which have here- 
totöre adopted, or which may previous to said day adopt, 
ordinances of secession. 
Mr. COLFAX. Icannotconsenttothatamend- 
ment, because if South Carolina chooses to send 
members of Congress back here, I should be glad 
to see them, and would throw no hindcrance in 
the way of thcir coming. Indeed, they evidently 
consider themselves zuembers yet, for at least one 
of them, a gentleman whom I respect sincerely, 
was, up to thc 16th of 1110 present month, frank- 
ing letters under the act of Congress 
that power upon members of the Congress of the 
United States, and 1 do not desire to deprive them 
of that ri«hl. 
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of the gentle- 
man frorn Indiana whether it is his intention, 
when he calls up the bill, to put it under the op- 
eration of the previous qucstion, or does he intend 
to give sorne time for discussion? 
Mr. COLFAX. It, is ill y intention to put it 
underthe operation of the previous question, when 
it is called up for passacre. 
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope the gentleman will re- 
consider that determination. The bill is of so 
much importance, and involves so many matters 
of principle, that I trust he will at least permit 
some little time for its consideration. 
Mr. COLFAX. only say that if the 
Housc does not thirik the bill ought to pass in that 
way they can vote down the previous question, 
and the bill will go over for general debate. 
Mr. PHELPS. would suggest to the gentle- 
man from Indiana that he do not insist that we 
shall proceed to the consideration of that bill at I 
this time. Let it be printed and its consideration 
postponed until some future day. It will then be 
under the control of the House. 
Mr. COLFAX. The bill is brief, and every 
gentlelnan understands it thoroughly. waited 
one month after the so-called act of secession was 
passed ill South Carolina, supposing that they 
would inaucrarate some postal system of their 
own, if they were, as they claim to be, independ- 
ent. Seeing no such thing probable, and our 
postal matters being in the condition they are, I 
considered it my duty to introduce this bill. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 desire ask the gentleman 
whether the laws in reference to the Post Ofhce 
Department, and those in reference to the collec- 
tion of the revenues from postages, are not the 
only Federal laws in operation in South Carolina? 
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot say what laws, if 
any, are in operation in that State. 
Mr. BRANCH. And whether that is not the 
only branch- of the service in South Carolina to 
which the gentleman 's bill is unnecessary ? 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 wish to 
have an amendment read, which I shall offer at 
I do not know whether it will 
the proper time. 
be allowed to be printed; butl would like to have 
it printed, so that I can move it as a substitute 
when the time arrives. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 wish to suggest 
to my friend from Indiana, that this, most cer- 
tainly, is an improper season to press this 'neas- 
ure upon the attention of the House. The special 
committee to which all this subiect has been re- 
ferred , as wisely said by the gentléman from North 
Carolina, has had, and has, this, among other sub- 
jects, under consideration. It is certainly a grave 
question whether all the laws of the land can be 
constitutionally suspcnded over any portion of the 
land, or whether any portion of these laws can be 
It is a matter 
suspended, and if so, v..rhat portion. 
of grave inquiry now, whether this is, as the gen- 
tleman terms it, a measure of peacc or a piece of 
a measure. [Laughter.] This is the question 
before the House, whether it will inure, in its 
catholic sense, to the correction entirely of the 
abuses or the evils under which we are suffering, 
or whether it is only partial in its operation. 
Now, it is proper that this House should have 
time to consider under the benefit of all the lights 
which it proposes to itself by virtue of the labors, 
the diligence, and the application of the commit- 
tee, and to judge and determine whether the meas- 
ures proposed, in one or more of them, are com- 
petent and applicable to the exigency which this 
intended to meet. 
therefore hope, and hope 
in view of the dangerous crisis in which we are, 
in view of the revolution into which we are pre- 
cipitated, that rny friend Crorn Indiana will, in his 
discretion and wisdom, give this bill another day 
•r consideration. 
Mr. COLFAX. I will now hear the amend- 
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania read. 
The proposed amendment was read, as follows: 
Be it enacted, 'That the President is hereby authorized 
and empowered, when, in his judgment, he shall deem it 
necessary, to suspend ait laws and parts of laws establish- 
ing port* of entry, collection districts or other mcans of 
collecting revenues, ill the States of South Carolina, Flor- 
ida, Alabama, Mississippi, or any other State that has now 
or jnay hereafter secede fronr the Union, or be in rebellion 
against t.he United States, an(i continue such suspension 
until said State or States return to their loyalty to the 
United States. The Presidentshall give notice ot-such sus- 
pension by proc.kunation, which shall take effect in ten days 
thereafter. 
SEC. 2. and be it further enacted, That during the con- 
tinuance of such suspcnsion, it shall not be lawful ror any 
vessel, föreian or donlestie., except such as belong to the 
United States, to enter or leave any port of said State or 
States, either tor foreign ports or coastwise. 
SEC. 3. -And be it further enacted, That if any vessel should 
be found violating the provisions 0k' this act, the said ves- 
scl and cargo Shail be one half to the captors, 
and the otlier half' to the United States, to be tried in any 
court of adrniralty jurisdiction in the United States. 
SEC. 4. .flnd be it further enacted, That the. President 
shall have power in like Inanner to suspend all laws estab- 
lishing post ofliccs or post routcs within any such State or 
States ; and the mails of the United States shall thereafter 
line of said State or States, except 
be carried only to the 
where it may be necessary to pass through such State to 
reach a loyal State, but then it shall not be•opened in a 
seceding or rebellious State. 
SEC. b. and be it further enactcd, 'Ithat the President 
shall have power to use the Anny and Navy to execute 
this law. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to propound 
a question Ito my colleague. 
I desire to know of 
him whether this bill has been recommended by 
the Postmaster General, and whether it meets 
with the approbation of the Post Offce Depart- 
ment? 
Mr. COLFAX. There is no Postmaster Gen- 
eral now. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Somebody is at the 
head of the Post Offce Department; and I desire 
to know whether it is recommended by that De- 
partment ? 
Mr. HINDMAN- I desire to know whether 
the late Postmaster General—the present Secre- 
tary of War—approves it? 
Mr. COLFAX. I decline to be questioned by 
the gentleman from Arkansas at present. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Is motion to recommit 
pending ? 
The SPEAKER. There is. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Then 1 move postpone 
its consideration one week. 
Mr. BRANCH. How did the gentleman get 
the floor to make that motion ? 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 yielded to the gentleman 
from Ohio. I am always willing to carry out the 
wishes of the House. 1 yielded to the gentleman 
from North Carolina, and to the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania. I now yield to the gentleman from 
I will say that I am willing to postponea 
Ohio. 
the consideration of this bill to a day certein. 
Mr. PHELPS. Postpone it two weeks from 
to-day. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Before the votc is taken, 
desire to make an inquiry of the gentleman from 
Indiana. He remarked a while ago that, to his 
knowledge, some of the members of Congress 
from South Carolina were franking documents up 
to the 16th of the present month. What is the 
ground of the gentleman 's statement? 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. If 1 can get the ear 
of my colleague, I desire an answer to the ques- 
tion I propounded to him a moment ago. 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 wish first to answer the 
question of the gentleman from Arkansas. A 
gentleman informed me yesterday that he had 
received a letter postmarked the 16th instant, that 
was franked by a member of the House from 
South Carolina. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Who was it? 
Mr. COLFAX. I decline answering that ques- 
tion; but am perfectly convinced of its truth. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I respectfully request 
my colleague to answer the question which pro- 
poundcd to him u moment ago, whether this bill 
has been recommended by the Postmaster Gen- 
Mr. COLFAX. I offered the bill upon my 
responsibility as member of Congress, and as 
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and 
Post Roads. Further than that, I decline answer- 
ing the question of my colleague, with all respect, 
except to say that Mr. Holt is not responsible 
for the introduction of this bill, though I hope he 
will approve of it. The bill is recommended by 
the Post Offcc Committee. 
Mr. Speaker, I have yielded the floor to the 
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SHERMAN] at tho re- 
quest of gentlemen upon the other side of the 
House, as well as upon this, to move to postpone 
the consideration of this bill until Thursday week ; 
and to make it a special order for that day. 
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not necessary to make 
the bill a special order. The motion to recommit 
may be called up any time during the mornin(-p 
hour; but if it be postponed, it cannot be calleä 
up until the day to which it is postponed. 
The. motion to postpone was agreed to. 
Mr. PHELPS. Let the bill printed. 
Mr. COLFAX. lhave no objection to that, 
and to the printing of all the amendments. 
The bill and amendments were ordered to be 
printed. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. were those 
ments received ? 
The SPEAKER. No; sir. 
Mr. BRANCH. 
I do not think the amend- 
ments ought to be printed. I think it is a very 
irregular proceeding. 
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman objects to 
the printing of the amendments, let the bill alone 
be printed. 
Mr. BRANCH. I withdraw my objection to 
the printing of the amendments. 
Mr. GROW. 1 take it that, if the bill is printed, 
that is all which is necessary. There are no 
amendments pendino•. 
The SPEAKER. It was distinctly understood 
that the amendments were not- received. They 
were only proposed; but they were all ordered to 
bc printed. 
MAIL IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY. 
Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee on the 
Post Offce and Post Roads, reported back, with 
a recommendation that it do pass, joint resolution 
(H. R. No. 48) in relation to mail service in Wash-• 
