1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
ington Territorys and asked that the same be put 
upon its passage. 
The iomt resolution was read. 
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, this reso- 
lution is explained, I think no member will obiect 
to it. At the last session of Congress, a law was 
passed authorizing the withdrawal of the steam- 
ship service between San Francisco and Olympia, 
in Washington Territory , performed semi-month- 
ly, at $122,500 a year, and substituting a daily 
service, in four-horse coaches, through the inte- 
rior to the samc points, at $90,000 a year. This 
effected a saving of $32,500; and gave also daily 
service, instead of semi-monthly, through the in- 
terior of California, Oreeon, and Washington 
Territory, to Olympia, its capital and center. 
We have now a weekly service by steamer 
through Puget Sound, Admiralty Inlet, and the 
Straits of Fuca, from Olympia, via Steilacoom, 
Seattle, Port Madison, Port Ludlow, Port Town- 
send, New Dungeness, Whatcom, and Fort Bel- 
lingham, to Semiahmoo, touching also at Victo- 
ria, on Vancouver's Island, and Camp Pickett, 
on San Juan Island , about two hundred and fifty 
miles of inland navigation on that remarkable in- 
land sea, at a cost of per year. 
The proposition now is to appropriate a por- 
tion of the amount saved by the retrenchment 
effected by the substitution of the inland for the 
steamship service to the improvement of the 
interior service in Washington Territory from 
weekly to semi-weekly, at pro rata increase of 
pay—a service which reaches all our forts on that 
exposed frontier, lying opposite to the island of 
Sal') Juan, about which we have, at present, some 
diffculty with Great Britain, who claims it, and 
the only service by which we can reach those 
r f'he Committee on the Post Office and 
forts. 
Post Roads unanimously recommend the passa«re 
If any gentleman desires fur- 
of the resolution. 
ther information on the subject, I presunu.) the 
Delegatc from Washington 'I'erritory can (rive it; 
if not, 1 will niove the previous question. 
Mr. PHELPS. I would inquire of the gentle- 
man from Indiana, when this contract will expire 
in the Territory of Washington? 
Mr. COLFAX. 'I'he regular contract? 
Mr. PHELPS. Yes, sir. 
Mr. COLFAX. In less than two years from 
this time. 
Mr. PHELPS. Why, then, do the commit- 
tee propose to make this an exception to all other 
postal contracts by prolonging the term of ser- 
vice for twro years? My impression is that the 
contract will expire one year from the 30th of 
June next. In other words, this is an extension 
of a contract made under the former high prices, 
when, perhaps, the prices may be reduced. Why, 
is this contract to be exernpted from the 
rule applied to ail other contracts, and to be ex- 
tended ? 
Mr. COLFAX. This was originally a con- 
Besides that, the putting on 
gressional contract. 
of additional steamships, making two trips per 
week, involves, of course, a great expense to the 
contractors. 
Mr. PHELPS. I understand the proposition 
is, to discontinue the steamship service and have 
a land one. 
Mr. COLFAX. My friend is mistaken. It 
enlarges the steamship service from weekly to 
semi-weekly, co mm unicating on each side of Puget 
Sound. and the upper part of the Straits of Fuca. 
Mr. PHELPS. Why, then, extend it beyond 
the ordinary contracts ? 
Mr. COLFAX. Because it involves the ex- 
pense of additional steamers, and a contractor 
might object to this unless he had a contract for 
a term of years. 
Mr. PHELPS. Has not the Postmaster Gen- 
cral a right to increase the service on paying an 
increased ro rata ? 
Mr, COIFAX. The stated, 
as undersland it, to the Delegate from Wash- 
ington 'Territory, that he had no objection to ex- 
tending this contract if Congress saw fit to order 
it; but, being a congressional contract, he did not 
see fit to increase the service except by the action 
of Congress. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. state 
to the gentleman from Missouri, that I had an 
interview with the Postmaster General, who said 
to me t_hat he had no objection to have this ser- 
I will-state, furthermore, that when the 
service. 
original service was ordered, it was put on a par- 
ity with ocean service, bids for a ten years' con- 
tract having been invited The Postmaster Gen- 
eral made the contract for four years, intimating 
that he would renew it. Thc contractors pur- 
chased a suitable steamer, and entered on the 
performance of the service. The compensation 
has been low; but the service has been performed , 
though with diffculty, from the fact that it is in 
a country where there are neither founderies nor 
In order now to change it into a 
ship-yards. 
semi-weekly service, it is necessary, as the chair- 
man of the Post Office Committee has observed, 
to put on another steamer at considerable expense. 
The service is certainly a verv important one; 
and it is but reasonable that it -should be asked 
for, seeing that we have been deprived of the ad- 
ditional service through Puget Sound. 
Mr. PHELPS. I will say to thegentlemenfrom 
Indiana and Washington Territory, that arn 
willing the increased service should be extended 
during the continuance of the present contract. 
But we have heard much of the high prices of 
contracts in these distant. 'Territories, and we find 
1 think, 
that they are being gradually reduced. 
therefore, that when this contractexpires; it should 
be thrown open to public competition, when an 
tl'le other mail routes in that 'l'erritory be also 
open to public competition. I think, therefore, 
that if it is dcsired to increase service on this route, 
the best policy would be to increase it during the 
continuance ofthe. present contract, and no longer. 
When proposals are invited for mail service in 
Washington Territory, they may be invited not 
only for other c()ntracts, but for this one. 
sire, therefore, to submit an amendment, to con- 
fine this increased service to the continuance of 
If I urn correctly informed , 
the present contract. 
that contract expires in a year from the 30th of 
June next. 
Mr. COLFAX. This year, 1 am informed, this 
particular contract expires. 
Mt' PHELPS. Are the general lettings for 
the Territory of Washington to bc made this 
year? 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. The con- 
tracts for the other routes do not expire till the 
30th of June, 1862; but this one expires June, 
1861. 
Mr. PHELPS. Thcn 1 am willing that this 
incrcascd service shall continue, till the other con- 
tracts expire, and then let all be advertised for at 
once. 
Mr. COLFAX. I consent that the amendment 
shall come in, although I shall vote against it. 
I move that 
Mr. PHELPS. very well. 
amendment. 
Mr. COLFAX. The recommendation of the 
Post Office Committee is based, among other 
things, on a joint resolution of the Territorial 
Legislature of Washington Territory. I think, 
myself, there is a very grave doubt as to whether, 
if the amendment of the gentleman from Mis- 
souri prevails, the contractor will be willing to 
build an additional steamer for• the purpose of 
carrying the mail a single year. But will let 
the amendment be offered; and now I move the 
previous question. 
The previous question was seconded and the 
main question ordered; and under its operation 
the amendment was agreed to, and the joint res- 
olution read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the joint resolution was passed; and also 
movdd to lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC. 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 am instructed bythe Com- 
mittee on the Post Offce and Post Roads to re- 
port back House bill No. 891, supplementary to 
' 'An act to facilitate communication between the 
Atlantic and Pacific States by electric telegraph, 
with a recommendation that the second and fourth I 
sections shall be stricken out, and the bill as 
amended passed. 
STATE OF TIIE UNION. 
The SPEAKER. The hour of one o'clock 
having arrived, the House will now proceed to 
the consideration of the report of the special com- 
mittee of thirty-three. 
regard to that Nag, -that the: special, order should 
be taken up after the morning hour. 
The SPEAKER. The 
the time named. 
Mr. COLFAX. The morning hour commencad 
at twenty-five minutes past twelve. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from hidi- 
ana labors under a mistake. The hour of: one 
o'clock was fixed for the special order. 
Mr. COLFAX. I board the motion distinétly, 
as it was made by the gentleman from,Ohio, [Mr. 
SHERMAN.) It was my suggestiön he made 
the motion to except the morning hour. The re- 
port of the committee was to be made the special 
order for one o.'clock on Monday, and from day 
to day, afterthe morning hour, until disposed of. 
The SPEAKER. The Journal does not so 
read, and the ofiicers do not so understand' it. 
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. BINGHAM] is en- 
titled to the floor. 
Mr. WINSLOW. Before the gen tleman from 
Ohio proceeds, let me make an inquiry of the 
Chair. When this debate sprung up yesterday, 
nothing was read, and -the debate commenced, I 
presume, on the report of the committee. would 
like to know now from the Chair whatis the distinct 
proposition before the House? • There are no less 
than four joint resolutions before the body, and it 
is desirable we should know which is •the distinct 
one to bc voted on first? 
Mr. PHELPS. suppose the one proposing 
I an amendment to the Constitution. 
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the com- 
mittec will indicate which will have the prece- 
I dence. 
Mr. CORWIN. I am not particularly con- 
cerned as to the priority of any of the resolutions 
recommended. i consider the whole subject as 
vice put on the same footing with the originai Mr. COLFAX. I understood that the order in I 
being before the House. 
Mr. WINSLOW. The whole subject is be- 
fore the House, so far as the range of debate is 
concerned. But all the bills and amendments can- 
not be before the House at the same time for its 
action. On which of them does the chairman of 
the committee propose first to take the vote ofthe 
House ? 
Mr. CORWIN. I suppose the first resolution 
proposed by the committee should be taken up 
and disposed of, and so consecutively in tho order 
in which the stand on the report. 
Mr. WINÅLOW. The first resolution is one 
reported for the action of the committee. 
sume the Chair does not mean that. 
Mr. CORWIN. No. 1 find the 
olution was put there by a mistake of the Clerk. 
It is not before the House. 
Mr. WINSLOW. There is series of seven 
I ask for a divis- 
resolutions before the House. 
ion of the question upon them. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that 
that will be in order after the previous question is 
demanded. 
Mr. WINSLOW. Yes, sir; 1 only give notice, 
now, of my desire to have a separate vote on 
these resolutions. 
i Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. laskwhetherany 
substitute offered to the resolutions reported by 
the committee is now pendino• ? 
The SPEAKER. Nothing is pending but the 
resolutions. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 should like to 
copies of the report printed, so that they can be 
I move that ten 
communicated to the Printer. 
thousand extra copies be printed. 
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 think they should be 
printed, including the minority reports and the 
Journal o? the committee. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. 1 mean all of 
the reports. 
The SPEAKER. The motion will be referred 
to the Committee on Printing; the suggestion be- 
ing that the majority and mmority reports shall 
be all printed together. 
Mr. TAPPAN. The gentleman from New 
York inquires whether there is to be any substi- 
tute reported for the resolutions reported by the 
majority of the corn mittee of thirty-three. 
desire to say that at the proper time I propose to 
offer, as a substitute for those resolutions, the 
propositions reported by a minority of the com- 
mittee, signed by Mr. WASHBURN, of Wiscon- 
sin, and myself. 
Mr. WINSLOW. take it for granted that 
an opportunity will be afforded to all of us to 
