512 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 22, 
present. our propositions . as amendments the 
propositions now under consideration. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Do understand that the 
report of the select committee of thirty-three is 
now under consideration ? 
The SPEAKER. It is. 
Mr. FLORENCE. in order now 
for me to offer a substitute for the amendment to 
the Constitution reported by the committee? 
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order 
at -this time, for •the reason that the gentleman 
from Ohio [Mr. BINGHAM] is- entitled to the floor. 
Mr. FLORENCE. have an amendment 
which I desire to offer be in or- 
der. I merely asked for information. 
Mr. MORSE. I-wish to make inquiry. I 
understand that an extra number of the report of 
this committee is to be printed. Now, 1 will state 
that the journal of the committee was ordercd to 
be reported to the House, with the request to have 
I wish Ito inquire of 
it printed with 'the report. 
the chairman of the committee, or of anybody 
who can answer, why the journal was not reported 
and ordered to be printed with the report of the 
committee. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The journal of 
the committee is.among the papers ordered to be 
printed. 
Mr. MORSE. It does not appear among the 
rinted with the report. 
paws BLORENCE. I desire that the number 
of copies, in addition to the usual number, shall 
be twent thousand. 
Mr. SåERMAN. The Committee on Print- 
ing wili determine upon the number of copies to 
be reported to the House to be printed. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the 
journal of the committee has not bccn ordered to 
be printed, and he supp,osed it had not been re- 
ported. 
Mr. MORSE. As I understood it, the chairman 
of the committee was directed to report to the 
House the several propositions agreed upon by 
the committee, with the journal of the committee. 
Mr. CORW IN. The journal was included in 
the report of the committee; but it has *'10t been 
presented to me by the clerk as yet for my signa- 
Mr. MORSE. Has it not been made out? 
Mr. CORWIN. do not know. I suppose so. 
Mr. MORSE. I hope thegentleman from Ohio, 
as thc organ of the committee, will see that the 
journal is incorporated in the report of the com- 
mittee,.so that it may be printed with it. 
Mr. CORWIN. It shall be so incorporated. I 
suppose the gentleman does not wish it printed 
except in the regular numbers. 
Mr. MORSE. No; I do not care about that. 
Mr. CORWIN. Then it will be understood 
that the extra copies to be printed do not include 
the journal. 
ENROLLED BILLS. 
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported that the cornmittec had exam- 
ined and found truly enrolled bills of t.he following 
titles; when the Speaker signed the same 
An act for the relief or Samuel R. Franklin; 
An act for the relief of Lieutenant John C. Car- 
ter•, and 
An act for the relief of Major Benjamin Alvord, 
paymaster in the United States Army. 
Mr. BINGHAM addressed the House for an 
hour upon the state of the Union. [His remarks 
will be published in the Appendix.] 
Mr. CLEMENS obtained the floor. 
Mr. BURCH. I ask the gentleman from Vir- 
ginia [Mr. CLEMENS] to yield me the floor in or- 
der that i may offer the resolution proposed by 
the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. STOUT] and my- 
self, as a minority of the committee of thirty- 
three, as an amendment to the propositions 
reported by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. COR- 
WIN.] I shall not ask to discuss or have action 
on the resolution at this time; but with the in- 
dulgence of the I-louse, at an early day, shall ad- 
dress myself to the present dangerous condition of 
affairs. 
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 yield for that purpose. 
Mr. BURCH. Then offer this amendment. 
Mr. GROW. 1 object to the introduction of 
amendmcnts of this kind. 
Mr. BURCH. An objection cannot .prevent 
my introducing this resolution as an amend- 
ment. 
Mr. GRO•W. Has it not been printed? 
Mr. BURCH. It has been printed with the 
report of the committee. 
Mr. GROW. Then 1 do not object. 
The SPEAKERpro The amendment 
is received. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 now ask my friend from 
Virginia to yield to me for a moment. 
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 yield to thegentleman. 
Mr. SICKLES. I now offer as an amendment 
the proposition which I send to the Clerk's desk, 
and which I state is in substance what is known 
as the Crittenden propositions. 
Mr. GROW. 1 object to the gentleman from 
Virginia yielding the floor for the purpose of 
offering any more amendments. 
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman from New 
York has the floor, and is entitled to offer his 
amendment. 
Mr. GROW. 1. can object to the gentleman 
from Virginia yielding the floor, unless he yields 
it unconditionally; and do object. 
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman's objection 
comes too late. The gentleman from Virginia 
has yielded the floor, and 1 have submitted my 
amendment. 
Mr. GROW. It is not too late. 
I have the 
right to object to the gentleman from Virginia 
yielding the floor for the purpose of allowing an 
amendment to be offered, and I made the objec- 
tion as soon as I could ascertain the purpose of 
the-gentleman from New York. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The Chair de- 
cides that the objection comes too late. The gen- 
tleman from Viéginia had yielded the floor, and 
the gentleman from New York offered his amend- 
ment before the gentleman from Pennsylvania 
objected. 
Mr. GROW. I appeal from the decision of the 
Chair. 
Mr. SICKLES. I have the floor, and the gen- 
tleman from Pennsylvania cannot take it from me. 
Mr. GROW. I can take the floor from any 
member upon a uestion of order. 
The Chair has assigned the 
floor to the gentleman from New York, and it can- 
not be taken from him. 
Mr. GROW. 1 have appealed from the 
ion of the Chair. I can take the floor för that 
purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will 
state that the gentleman from Virginia yielded 
the floor, and it was assigned to the gentleman 
from New York, who is now entitled to it. 
Mr. GROW. I objected to its being yielded. 
Mr. SICKLES. I rise to a point of order. 
Mr. GROW. have raised one point of order, 
which is as much as can be entertained at one 
time. 
Mr. SICKLES.' My point of order is, that the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania has made no point 
of order. When the Speaker assigns u gentleman 
the floor, the point that he is entitled to the floor 
is a matter of fact, and not a point of order. The 
act of the Speaker in assigning a gentleman the 
floor is a declaration of fact, and not a decision I 
which is subject to an appeal to the House. You I 
can appeal from a decision of thc Speaker, but 
you cannot appeal from a declaration of fact. 
I 
submit, therefore, that the gentleman has not 
raised question of order, nor has he raised any 
ap cal which can be entertained. 
GROW. I have raised a question of order, 
and I ask the Chair to decide it by putting the 
question to the House. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 insist that the gentleman 
has not raised any point of order which can be 
entertained. 
Mr. CLEMENS. If is to come out of my 
lime I must resume the floor. 
Mr. GROW. The first question is upon the 
appeal I have taken from the decision of the 
Chair. 
Mr. SICKLES. I repeat that it is not an ap- 
pealable question. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The gentleman 
a gentleman has the floor, and another-gentleman 
asks him to yield it, it is not time to object until 
we can know for what purpose he asks it. I 
objected to the gentleman from Virginia yielding 
the -floor as soon as the gentleman from New 
York had announced that his purpose was to offer 
an amendment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will 
state that the gentleman from Virginia yielded. the 
floor unconditionally, so far as the Chair can 
know. The Chair -then assigned the floor to the 
gentleman from New York. 
Mr. GROW. And I objected as soon as the 
gentleman from New York announced what his 
P udose was. 
r. SICKLES. The objection of the gentle- 
man from Pennsylvania -was not made until after 
I had obtained the floor, and offered my amend- 
ment. 
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 must insist upon my right 
to the floor. 
Mr. GROW. Very well; I will withdraw my 
question of order, if the gentleman from Virginia 
will go on with his remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tenpore. Does the gen- 
tleman from Pennsylvania withdraw his appeal ? 
Mr. GROW. Certainly; if the gentleman from 
Virginia is goino• on with his remarks, I do. 
Mr. BURNETT. desire to inquire, before 
the gentleman from Virginia proceeds, whether 
the amendment of the gentleman from New York 
has been received ? 
Mr. GROW. I take it that the amendment iF 
not received. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de- 
cides that tho amendment is before the House. 
Mr. GROW. Then the gentleman from Vir- 
ginia cannot resume the floor until my point 00 
order has been decided. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The. Chair de- 
cides that the gentleman 's objection carne too late. 
Mr. GROW. 1 appeal from the decision. 
Mr. SICKLES. .1 insist that the gentleman 
from Virginia is entitled to the floov, and shall be 
permitted to proceed. 
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to go on with my 
remarks. 
I hope the gentleman will give me my 
rights as a member of this House. 
Mr. GROW. Certainly, the gentleman shall 
have his rights; but I also wish to clailn my right 
to appeal from the decision of the Chair. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania could not take the floor from 
the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GROW. I have the right to take the floor 
at any •time upon a question of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will 
put the question to the House. 
Mr. BURCH. 1 hope this will not coma 
out of the time of the gentleman from Virginia. 
The SPEAKER pro 
It will not. 
Mr. SHERMAN. suggest to the gen- 
tleman from Ne.w York, that he will have ample 
opportunity-to offer his amendment in future. 
Mr. SICKLES. Why not let it in now? 
Mr. GROW. I insist upon my question of 
order. I have no objection to the gentleman offer- 
ing his amendment at the proper time, but it has 
not been properly received now; and I appeal 
from the decision of the Chair. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I hope the 
Chair will put the question, and have it decided. 
Mr. WINSLOW. I wish to ask ',vhetherit was 
not the understanding that gen tlemen representing 
thc minority of the committee. were to have the 
opportunity of presenting their propositions? 
Mr. GROW. Certainly; and every gentleman, 
suppose, will have an opportunity; but thc gen- 
tleman from New York is not a member.of the 
committee at all. 
Mr. SICKLES. The country is calling upon 
us to vote upon this proposition in this House. 
Millions of people are looking to us. [Shouts of 
"Order!" "Order 
] It has been tx,vicc presented. 
"Order 
] I am now entitled to the 
floor to present it. [Cries of ' 'Order and great 
from Pennsylvania has the right to rise toa ues- confusion.] I will insist upon my rights, as long 
tion of order, and the gentleman from New 
ork as I have a seat upon this floor. 
[Deafening 
will suspend until he has stated it. 
shouts of ' 'Order 
continuing for some time, in 
MI. GROW. My point of order is, that when which the remaining sentences uttered bv the 
a gentleman is assigned the floor, he is elititled to speaker could not be heard by the reporter.) 
it for an hour without interruption. He cannot The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The gentleman 
yield the floor if there be objection; and in respect from New York is out of order, and will take his 
to my objection beingrt0Q late, I submit that when seat. 
