514 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 22, 
North, I sought in committee to amend this 
amendment, so as to give the fugitive a trial by 
jury in tho State where he was seized. Such an 
amendment would be substan tial in its character 
and would dispense with personal liberty bills; 
but, I re«ret to say, it was voted down. 
For these reasons I am opposed to this amend- 
I regard it as no improvement on the old 
ment. 
law; which, God knows, is bad enough. 
If you will give us no amendment which is an 
improvement on the old law, then let that stand 
as a memorial of the barbarous age that passed it. 
But, Mr. Speaker, it is said that the North has 
passed personal liberty bills, which givc cause to 
the Southern States to secede. The committee 
do not propose any legislative action in regard to 
these bilks any further than to request the States 
that have passed them to repeal them. 1 am op- 
osed to tho resolution reported on this subject. 
regard it as an unwarrantable interference with 
I havc been pleascd to 
the rights of the States. 
notice that the southern gentlemen on this com- 
mittee who have joined in making reports are very 
careful to sav n•othing about these personal lib- 
erty bills. m hcy are too smart to put themselves 
on paper as advocating that Congress should in- 
terfere with what strictly belongs to a State. They 
do not oven speak of them as grounds of com- 
I do not oppose this resolution because I 
plaint. 
would recommend to any State to pass unconsti- 
tutionul laws, or laws which will in effect impair 
the rights of any State in this Union, or the citi- 
zens of any State; but because it is the provincc 
of the Slates themselves to judge, and that with- 
out any outside interference, as to what they owc 
to their own citizens, and what to other States of 
thc Confederacy. I am willing that it should be 
left to the States themselves to determine what 
laws it is necessary to pass, arid what they ought 
If they pass unconstitutional 
to forbcm• to pass. 
laws, they are mcrely as so much blank paper, I 
jass unconstitu- 
and can harin no one. 
tional laws, the Constitution itse f provides a way 
to (letermine that question; and it does not confer 
upon Congress the right to dccidc what laws are 
constitutional and what are not. When the con- 
stitutional tribunal shall decide what laws arc un- 
constitutional, I havc no doubt that any State 
the Union which has passed such laws will repeal 
then•l, or tnake them conform to the Constitution. 
• , thesc gentlemen of the South have 
been so long in the habit of controlling the Fed- 
eral Government, that they now desire to go into 
the States, and indicate to them what laws they 
must pass and what they must not pass. And 
thoucrh they ate carcful in their reports to say 
nothing in advocacy of, tl'lis idea, yet such is 
showri to be their desire by the resolutions they 
report. Sir, it is an interference which the States 
may very properly resent. 
have also recommcndcd the 
'I'he conn tnittee 
of a resolution requesting the southarn 
laws, and if necessary to 
States to revise their 
pass laws to protect northern citizens from nu)b.s. 
I am opposed to this resolution for the same rea- 
son thal I refuse to vote for the resolution relatino• 
I will do no south- 
to the personal liberty bills. 
ern Stutc the injustice to suppose that they have 
not passed thie laws nccessary to protect our 
I the lax,vs are 
citizens from the action Ots Knobs. 
not executed, it is because the public sentiment 
there overrides the law; and it is in vain to pass 
laws, or recommend their passa(re, unless there 
is a public sentiment to sustain them. 
But the committee have not called attention of 
southern States specially to laws which arc oppres- i had sixty Stales in the Union—an event which 
Sive to citizens of the northern States; laws in ex- 
islence in several Sta tes of the Union which au thor- 
the power of the Federal courts; and uell they 
may be, from their usurpation of power hereto- 
fore. Any additional power which Congress may 
propose to confcr upon them, will not be sanc- 
tioned. The reason assigned for this proposed 
amendment is, that the question whether a fugi- 
tive should or should not be delivered up, should 
bc a judicial question, and that the court should 
decide it, in order that there may be a uniformity 
of decision upon the subject. There is now a 
cause pendincr before the Supreme Court of the 
United States involving this very question; and 
when decided, if the court shall decide that to be 
a crime under the Constitution which is not a 
crime under thc common law, or the laws of the 
State where the fugitive takes refuge, I presume 
the Governors of States will conform to that de- 
cision. I do not feel inclined to comment upon 
this amendment at any great lencth; but I wili 
particularly call the attention of fiawyers to it. 
If I am not very much mistaken, the effect of it 
',vill be, that requisitions will bg made undcr it 
for persons who were never in the State from 
which the requisition comes. It is provided that 
the judge shall deliver up the fugitive on being 
satisfied that the person is the person charged, 
and that he was within the jurisdiction of such 
State at the time such crime was committed; and 
such charge is made primajücie evidence that he 
was within the State. The very fact that a per- 
son is charged with a crime committed in a cer- 
tain State is to be received as prima facie evi- 
dence that he x,vas within the State, no matter 
It is not contem- 
whether he was there or not. 
plated that the judge shall inquire into the fact as 
to whether he was there or not. Nor is an in- 
dictment required in the State from which the 
fugitive is alleged to have fled; but other evidence 
may be received, and is all that is necessary. 
But, sir, these are matters of minor importance. 
I now come to the question which is of some real 
importance, and that is, the proposed amendment 
to the Constitution. There IS no gentleman upon 
that committee from the seceding States who will 
say that this amendment will have any effect to- 
wards allaying our unfortunate difficulties. What 
is the proposed amendment? It proposes that we 
shall ncver interfere with the institution of slavery 
in the States; never until a certain contingency 
arises, which never can arise until all the States 
Shail sanction such a proposition. Now, sir, i 
listened to the argument of the gentleman from 
Ohio [Mr. CORWIN] yesterday upon that propo- 
sition ; and his argument demonstrated tp my nund 
most conclusively that such an amendment ought 
not to pass. I-Ic demonstrated that there was no 
necessity whatever for any such provision in the 
Constitution. 
It is well known that neither the Republican 
party, nor any party at the North proposes to 
Interfere with the institution of slavery in the 
'l"hey do not claim to have anv such 
Stutcs.' 
power. Under thc Constitution, as it now is, 
the peonle of the North have no right to interfere 
with the institution of slavery in the States, and 
they havc no desire to do it. But southern gen- 
tlcmcn say that we shall acquire the power and 
alter the Constitution ill that regard. 'The 
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. CORWIN] 
was conclusive that that time cannot arrive for 
He showed that 
fifty years, and, perhaps, never. 
we could not take tbc first step towards amending 
the Constitution, on the subject of slavery, until 
we had forty-five States in the Union, and that 
such an amendment could not be ratified until we 
tate the question further, when you know no good 
can comeof it? In my judgment, such an amend- 
ment of thé Constitution will not be adopted by 
the people of the North—not because they have 
any desire, or claim that they have any right, to 
interföre with the institution of slavery In the 
States, but because they believe you have no right 
to demand from them any such bonds for their good 
behavior; and for that reason they will vote it down. 
They feel in regard to it, no doubt, as I do. 
tainly shall vote against any such amendment 
here or elscwhere, and yet I have not the slightest 
design or desire to interfere with slavery in the 
States. I protest against the possession of any 
such power by the people of the North. Why, 
then, do you wish to keep the country in an angry 
discussion for the next one or two years over this 
amendment, when no possible good can grow out 
of' it, but absolute evil? 
The next proposition is to admit New Mexico 
as u State. T hc committee propose to get rid of 
this territorial question by the admission of Nevv* 
Mexico as n State. Well, sir, gentlemen who 
suppose that they can get rid of - the territorial 
question in any such way, have, in my opinion, 
a very poor idea of what that territorial question 
is. The territorial question, so far as it relates 
to the territory that we now have, is a question 
of no consequence whatever to the people of the 
South. It is a territorial question lying far be- 
yond New Mexico that excites the attention of 
{hese gentlemen. Gentlemen may as well make 
up their minds to meet the. real territorial ques- 
tion; for they will be called upon to meet it and to 
vote upon it before this Congress adjourns. 
proposition is t.o adopt a constitutional amend- 
ment that shall recognize and guarantee slavery 
in territory hereafter to be acquired. It is use- 
less to be trifling about these little matters. The 
question you have to meet is, w'hether you will 
guarantee slavery in all territory hereafter to be 
acquired. Southern gentlemen will in a moment 
yield up everything else that they clamor about, 
if will only consent to that. The question is 
of no consequence to them so far as the existing 
territory is concerned. Gentlemen who suppose 
that they can take this territorial question out of 
Congress by admitting New Mexico, entirely mis- 
judge what the territorial question is. The question 
we &ave got to meet is commended to the people 
beca•vt It proceeds from a gentleman whose mod- 
oration, intelligence, and patriotism have always 
becn recognized heretofore at the North; and the 
weight of his great namc is relied upon to carry it 
through. The dearest and most trusted friend of 
the immortal Clay now signalizes his departure 
from the councils of the nation by submitting a 
proposition that of all others would have been 
most distasteful to that great man, who declared, 
shortly before his death, that " so long as the 
vital current flowed in his veins, ho never could, 
he never woul(i, by thought, word, or action, 
consent the extension of the institution of sla- 
very into territory then free." 
But, sir, I am opposed to this proposition to 
admit New Mexico as a State, in the first place, 
because I regard it as nothing more nor less than 
a proposition to admit. two pro-slavery Senators 
into the United States Senate who have no con- 
stituency to back them. Gentlemen who differ 
from me, and propose to vote for the admission 
of New Mexico, doubtless will do so in the ex- 
I pectation that it will come in as a free State; but 
I do not agree with them. Just when the Repub- 
lican party is about to obtain a majority in the 
Senate of the United States, and to •have an op- 
can I-n-u-dly be anticipated. I say, then, that he portunity of developing its policy, it is proposed 
demonstro.tcd conclusively that there is 111.) neces- i to bring in two pro-slavcry Senators from Now 
1 feel that 
ize the scuure and imprisonment of persons who sity for this amendrnent of tho Constitution; and Mexico. Sir, I am opposed to it. 
there is no obligation upon me to vote for the 
every (yentleumn who listened to him must be 
are recoa•nized ag citiz.ens of the northern States— 
, satis•fied that there is no such necessity even admission of a slave State because, as smne gen- 
the constitutionality of which they have, by their 
local laws and their mobs, refused to allow to be 
though any party desired to interfere with slavery 
.ft is useless to sul)mit such an 
in the States. 
tested in the courts of the United States. 
And while upon this point, I desire to notice tunendment to the people, not only because it is 
the f'urther proposition to amend the laws in ref- -l unnecessary, but because it is a humiliating prop- 
erencc to the surrender of fugitives from justice. osition to the people of' the North. 
It is equiva- 
lent to declaring that you do not believe what they 
It is proposed to take from the executive of the 
States the obligations which they nov.? have to say, and that you think they do design to intcr- 
surrender up fugitives, and to confer those obli- fere with the question of slavery in the States, 
regard this although you know fuli woll the tirnc is fur dis- 
gations upon the, Federal judges. 
as the most obnoxious proposition reported by tant when they could do it, even if they had the 
the committee, and one which will be received disposition. 
with more d istavor by the people than any other. The pedple of the North will not accept such 
The people of the northern States are jealous of i an amendment. Why, then, do you want to ao•i- 
tlemen have said, in the organic law there a 
provision that they may come in with or without 
Tl'he sarne provision Inay be found in 
slavery. 
the organic laws of Kansas, Nebraska, and Utah ; 
and will gentlemen say that they would have felt 
themselves bound to have voted-for the admission 
of Kansas as a slave State, had she presented 
herself with a pro-slavery constitution? Or will 
they say that because of that provision in the or- 
ganic act of Nebraska, if she should present her- 
self with a pro-slavery constitution, they would 
vote to adrmt her? I think not, sir. This ques- 
tion of admitting new States is one of discretion 
