1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
515 
entirely. It is so recognized by the best consti- 
tutional lawyers; and so long, sir, as I have that 
discretion, I intend to vote against thc admission 
of more slave States. 
Gentlemen say that perhaps New Mexico will 
i believe 
I do not believe it, sir. 
bc a free State. 
that the same power and the same party which 
has adopted in that Territory a slave code of the 
most barbarous character, and which has been 
filly characterized by the gentleman from Ohio 
[M r. BINGHAM to-day, will adopt a pro-slavery 
hose laws are in force there now; 
co n stitu tion . 
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. CORWIN] 
sluowed you, yesterday, that it is not likely they 
will be repealed. This House, to bc sure, has 
Constitution, frec white citizens of the United 
States. 
Mr. WA.SHBURN,0fYVisconsin. 
their number ? 
Mr. OTERO. Sixty thousand . 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Then, ac- 
cording to the, statcmcnt of the Delegate, there 
•was a larger white population in New Mexico 
thirty years ago than there is to-day. But Yap- 
prehend there may be some misunderstanding as 
to what the word white means, as applied to the 
people of that Territory. The population has 
fallen off; and, from the best information I have 
I bccn able to get, I find that the population of that 
i Territory has not increased within the last ten 
disapproved of them; but it is not likely that, for years, notwithstanding that the Territor 
has 
years, the Senate of the United States will be so t I been puffed into notice most assiduously. r here 
nothing in the country to invite emigrati on 
constituted that they can be repe.aled. 
' The gentlenmn fron) Ohio [Mr. CORWIN] said You Inay create a State there, if you please; but 
yesterday—and I thank him fin• his candor, and I there is nothing there to sustain It. The people 
commend what he said to the members on this of New Mexico cannot sustain a State govern- 
side of the House—that New Mexico was more ment. They have not the power or the wealth to 
likely to come in asa slave State, if admitted now, do so. The chairman of t11C committee of thirty- 
indicated that we might give them 
than if her admission was delayed for a few years. 
three, indeed, 
I commend that to members upon this side of the 
some help, as we have. done in other cases. 
Y)0t know of any instance where assistance has 
I-louse, If they want to admit a slave State, let ! 
been ffiven to a peoplo of a Territory t.o enable 
them do it now; because, if they delay a few years, 
It is true 
New Mexico will come in as a free State, says 
them to sustain a State government. 
Eat. , sir, if I knew that land exrants have been made to different States 
the gen from Ohio. 
to enable ihern to develop their resources; but I 
that New Mexico would conie with a free-Statc 
take it that if you uret•e to make Mexico a 
constitution, I should be no less opposed to her 
'Frant of all the public lands within her limits, she 
I believe that it would 
adli)ission than i nowr. 
would be still quite as unablc to support a Slate 
be uniust to the people of the old States to admit 
('overnmcnt as she is now. Poor as she is, she 
New 'Mexico now as a State. 
And, sir, I 
not prepared to say that it would be entirely just is not so poor as to own the lands of that r I'erri- 
tory, sornc descriptions of which you will find in 
to the people of the South to ad niil her nosv as a 
Frorn the best information I have, I 
free State, even if I thought she would cotne, in as a 
lily report. 
believe that her people do not desire a State gov- 
I think they might then say, with per- 
free State. 
ernment; and yet it is by no means certain that 
fect propriety, that it was our design 10 hem them 
if you pass an enabling act, she will not apply 
in, and crush them out; to draw a cordon of free 
believe they will apply imme- 
and, in the language which for admission. 
States around thenv, 
I 
the gentleman fron\ New York [Mr. J0i1N Cocyr- 
diately, and conic into the, Union as a State. 
RANF.] Inade usc of when he stood on tbc 13ufi'alo believe there are ambitious men enough there to 
platforrn, ' 'surround them with an atmosphere Of control the peoplc on that point. My friend from 
New Mexico shakes his head negatively. I ex- 
freedom, and e,ompcl them to breat.he it or die." 
pect, if she be admitted as a State, that he will 
Sir, New Mexico I-las not the population that 
come here next December as Senator from New 
would entitle her to come in as a State. She hag 
not the ability to maintain a State government. Mexico. I k)elievo he is sound on the slavery 
I have said in the minority report that she has question; for, if I mistakc not, hc had something 
I wish to to do wit.h getting up the existing slave code in 
but seventy-five thousand nohabitants. 
correct that statement. The majority report giVQß 
that 'I'erritorv•, a code w l'iich the gentlcnnal'l from 
her population at one hundred •and five thousand. Ohio [N_lr. BINGHAM] declared would Inantle with 
At the time I got that information at the census I blushes tho face of Caligula. 
bureau, they showcd me a table giving the num- Mr. (YI'F,RO. arn sound on ull questions that 
ber of the population at seventv-five thousand; 
arc just, 
but I x.vas told there to-day tl{ut, frcnn further WASH BURN, of Wisconsin. The gen- 
tleman says ho is sound on all questions that arc 
rot-urns and estimates, they nulde it ninety-two 
thousand. From the bcst evidence we havc, it 
If we a.re 10 judge of the ideas of justice or 
injustice held by the people of New Mexico by 
n u m ber I 
appears that there are but a very srnall 
of that population who arc not riatives of New that code of laws, I think that few would be found 
Mexico—persons speaking the Spanish, and not who would say that they were a people capable 
our language, r Ithe supposition is, as I gather l' of sustainino• a republican form of goverl')ment. 
if admitted, they will send here pro- 
that there are but seven hundred people in that slavery Senators, and we may, perhaps, consider 
whole country—thirty times as large as Massa- ourselves fortunate if thcy send no worse men 
I have herc i 
than the preserit Delegate. 
chusctts—who are not natives of It. 
a slip, which I cut from the N cw York Times Mr. (YI'ERO. I do not own a slave, and have 
of the 18th instant, being from its New Mexico I nothing to do with slavery. 
I do not 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. 
correspondent. The letter is dated Tucson, New 
men say that, under the decision of the Supreme 
Court of the United States, -they havc now the 
right to go with their slaves into all the T.cri•ito- 
ries of the United States, whether north or south 
of the Missouri line. The Supreme Cöui•t has 
decided that they have that right. But they say 
that we of the Republican party disputethåt right; 
and that, therefore, they wanl it put in the Con- 
stitution. They say that,although it is their right 
to go with thetr slaves into the territory north of 
the Missouri line, yet they are willing to be mag- 
nanimous, and to give up to freedom the country 
north of that linc. We do not thank them for 
their liberality. We have vindicated oui• right to 
the country north of the Missouri line; so that, 
in conceding that to us, they really concede us 
I will say to these gentlemen, 'c Tinwo 
nothing. 
I fear you when bearing 
Danaos et donaferentes. ' 
gifts. 
I have, then, sir, I think, examined all the pro- 
jccts and propositions of the majority of the com- 
mittee that propose definite action, and believe • 
they are powerless for good. Southern gentlernen 
say they are all powerless except one, and that 
is the proposition to amend the Constitution. 
That proposition, as I have endeavored to show, 
is unnecessary, as thc Constitution cannot be 
changed in that particular until we have al least 
sixty States admitted into the Union. I see, there- 
fore, no reason for it, nor can I give my sanction 
to turning the North upside down in discussino 
this amendment of the Constitution. 
Sir, nothing will do any good that docs not al- 
low thcsc gentlemen of the South to control the 
Government. You can make up your minds to 
If you are willing to concede that, 
that point. 
you will have peace at once, and South Carolina, 
which lias gone out of the Union never to return, 
will come right straight back again. 
It is not 
claimed by these southern States—by these cot- 
ton States—that thcy arc compelled to contribute 
an undue proportion for the support of the Gen- 
eral Government. T hc• truth is, they havc been 
cotton is 
go long in the habit of belicving that 
king that they have con-le to entertain the idea 
t.hat. tho world could not get along without them; 
that they control thc destinies of the world. 
. Mr. Speaker, we may as well dispel that de- 
lusion first as last, 
If cotton has been king, it is 
I king no longer. Great Britain is not willing that 
I her - destinies shall depend upon the l.tncertain 
supply of cotton depends on the culture of 
slaves. She has been exploring the cotton fields 
I of the world, in which she may raise her own 
supply, and in that enterprise this very move- 
ment at tho South is o•oing to set her ahead fifty 
years in the matter of the production of her own 
cotton. Her attempts at openinø• new cotton fields 
t in the last few years have been eminentiy suc- 
I cessful. She is now receivinm nearly one million 
bales annually from India, though the develop- 
ment of that country for the growth, of cotton 
has just commenced. YVith a view -of bringing 
the cotton regions of India into connection with 
the ports of the sea, she.has largely lent her aid to 
railroad companies, which are penetrating the in- 
terior, and within a föw months some eleven hun- 
dred miles of railway will be opened to the best cot- 
ton growincr reffion.s of that country. But Great 
mean to say it is a country that will sustain a Britain docs not confine herself to India and the 
Mexico, January 1, 1861, and the writer says: 
It is not a country United States. Dr. Livingston, under the patron- 
slave population; 
it is not. 
their statistics 
If the census-takers report corrcctly, 
age of the British Government, with his stemn- 
that will sustain eitl'ler a free or a slave popula- 
will disclose some irnportant facts which witl open the eyes 
tion. But it will be a Stale that will give all its launch, is now exploring Africa, and reports the 
of our grave and sapient Legislators. I do not believe they 
finest cotton growing fields sn the world, W' here 
Will report Inore than one thousand, native born and nat- 
influence in favor of the institutions of slavery; 
uralizcd, white citizens in all New Mexico and Arizona." 
and that is what I mean in saying that it will be that staple of the finest quality can l.)e grow EI for 
one or two pence. per pound. Yes, gei)tlemen of 
Mr. OTERO. Where does the gentleman get a slave State. 
Mr. Speaker, we are invited to adopt the prop- tbc South, you Will one day wake up and find 
that from? 
Mr. WASHBURN, of 'YVisconsin. From u osition of Mr. CRITTENDEN, or of the border-State, that, instead of Great, Britain being dependent 
upon you for cotton, thc dependence will be alto- 
self-constituted comrnittee—which I regard as vir- 
letter which I find in the New York Times of the 
tual]y the saine thing, and equally objectionable. get,hcr in another direction. Besides, the inge- 
18th instant, dated Tucson, January l, 1861. 
Mr. OTERO. MT ell, that statement is not cor- 'l -we are invited to abandon the Republican plat- naity of the North is at work, and you will find 
tll&t there are textiles in that rexion which will 
form, to abandon all our principles, and take our 
I give the i position on a platform which shallguarantythatwe be made to answer the purpose of a substitute 
Mr. WASHBURN, of -Wisconsin. 
will protect slavery in all the territory south of thc for cotton, and you will find that the North is 
gentleman my authority for what my. At all 
not so dependent you as you suppose. 
events, i say chis: I have examined the rolls in I line of 360 30'. I do not know• that I fully undm•- 
thc Census Bureau, and I find that there are few* stand your border-State proposition. I think itdoes Now, sir, if I had time, I would go somewhat 
not apply to territory to be acquired in the future. h into the mattcrofstatistics, showiDRthattheSonth, 
persons entered on those rolls who are not natives i 
il I care not. Adopt that proposition; and if you so far from having been oppressed, has received 
of Nevv Mexico. 
M i'. (YINF,RO. I desire to refer the gentleman acquire tcrritory hereafter, it will be contended nothing but blessinos and benefits from her con- 
I could show that she 
from Wisconsin to a report in a work written and maintained, and truthfully, that the intention ; ncction with the Union. 
has 110t contributed her just proportion •towards 
nearly thirty years ago, when the Territory of i I was that ali the country south of the Missouri line 
I have de- 
the maintenance of this Government. 
New Mexico was under the control of Mexico. should bc given up to slavery. [A VOICE on the 
tails before me showing beyond doubt that, in 
It gives the statistics of the white population who l! Democratic side. 
' Certainly." ] We are ap- 
that respect, she is fat' in arrears. Take, for in- 
proachcd very plausibly in this regard. Gentle- 
were cntitlcd to vote, and who are now, under the 
