517 
1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred 
the bill (H. R. No. 724) for the relief of Samp- 
son Stanfill, to report it back, without amendment, 
with a recommendation that it pass; and I am 
also instructed to ask for its present considera- 
tion. If the Senate will indulge me for three min- 
utes, I think they will pass it without hesitation. 
It is a case of hardship, amounting almost to 
It appears that Stanfill, the father, 
oppression. 
becmne, security fbr the son, who was arrested on 
the charge of counterfeiting a Mexican dollar. A 
trial was had ; and, at the t.rial, the court exprcsscd 
the opinion, without entering judgment, that they 
had no jurisdiction in the case. The traverser 
naturally left the court. Subsequently to that the 
recognizance was cstreated, suit brought upon it, 
and judgment recorded; and the father, who is 
represented by the statements of citizens of Ten- 
nesscc to be a highly respectable and honest man, 
in no way connected with the misdccd of the son, 
has paid a thousand dollars on this bond, which 
covers everything to the United States; and all 
that he asks is, that he shall be released from the 
resid ue. If the evidence had been judicial to show 
the facts with sufficient certainty, the committee 
would have gone further, and have recommended 
that the sum paid should be refunded; because, on 
the face of the facts as stated, had they been ju- 
dicially authenticated to that extent, it would be 
a case of gross oppression. The bill, as it stands, 
as it is to relieve the party from (uuther oxccu- 
tion, I trust will bo passed by the Senat.c at 01')ce. 
There being no abjection, the bill (H. R. No. 
724) for the relief of Sampson Stanfill, was con- 
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. 
poses to release Sampson Stanfill, from all claim 
and demand of the United States, to thc balance of 
money now remaining due upon certain judg- 
ment, recovered against him, in favor ofthc United 
States, before the circuit court of the United States, 
holden at Knoxville, which judgment was re- 
covered on a rccoanizancc entered into by him, as 
surety for one Lewis G. Stanfill. 
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to 
a third reading, read the third time, and passed. 
PACIFIC RAILROAD REPORT. 
Mr. ANTHONY, from tho Committcc on 
extra copies of the eleventh volume of the Pacific 
railroad report, reported it without amendment; 
and it was agreed to, as follows: 
Ordered, That the so:ne, ntnnber of the cleventh volume 
of the Pacific railroad report, containing the Inaps and 
charts of the surveys Cor a railroad fronk the Mississippi 
river to the Pacific ocean, as: of f.he preceding volunxes, be 
published för the use of the Senate. 
JOSEPH CLYMER. 
Mr. SLIDELL. I believe it is in order now to 
call up, for consideration, some resolutions that I 
Mr. SIMMONS. -NV ill the Senator allow me 
to make a report? 
Mr. SLIDELL. Certainly. 
Mr. SIMMONS. The Committcc on Claims, 
to whom was referred the opinion of the Court 
of Claims on the claim of Joseph Clymer, have 
directed me to submit a report, accompanied by 
a bill, (S. No. 548,) for the relief of Joseph Cly- 
mer. The bill is very short, and the committee 
were unanimous in recommendinæ its passaae. I 
should like to have it considered now. 
'rhe bill (S. No. 548) for the relief of Joseph 
Clymer was read, and passed to a second reading. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no 0b- 
jection, the Secretary will read the bill at length 
for the information of the Senate. 
The Secretary read the bill. 
Mr. HALE. Is there a report? 
The VicE PRESIDENT. Is there objection 
to the present consideration of the bill ? 
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir. 
Mr. SIMMONS. The committee were unani- 
mous upon it; and I hope the Senator v„7ill with- 
draw the objection. 
SECRETARY OF WAR. 
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 renew my motion to take 
up the resolutions I offered a few days since, re- 
ferring the P resident's messtvre to the Committee 
on the Judiciary. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Ylr. SLIDELL. 1 intended to 
euoe and the resolutions torrethcr; and I suppose 
they may be considered together. 
The PRESIDENT. Thatis the under- 
standing of the Chair. 
The Secretary read the resolutions submitted 
by Mr. SLIDELL, on the 21st instant; 
Resolved, 'I'hat in the opinion of the Senate, the reasons 
given by the Presrdent, in his message of the 16th instant, 
tor not connnunicating to the Senate at an earlier day the 
fact of his having appointed, on the 31st of Decenlber last, 
Joseph Holt as acting Secretary of War, are not satisfac- 
tory. 
Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate, the grounds 
assumed by the President in his aforesaid message in sup- 
port of his views of the executive authority to make, during 
the session of the Senate, an appointment of an acting Sec- 
retary of War for a pcriöd not exceeding six months, Ihn- 
ited by his own discretion, arc at variance, not only with 
the letter and spirit of the Constitution, but with the true 
intent and meaning of the aet of 13th of February, 1795, to 
which he has reterrcd, and, if suffered to pass by without 
cxpress dissent, would establish a precedent alike danger- 
ous to the principles on which our system of Government 
was established, and in derogation of the constitutional 
rights and privileges of the Senate. 
Mr. SLIDELL. I think it proper to say that 
I do not present thcse resolutions in a factious 
spirit, but with very sincere regret to differ from 
thc President in his views of execut.ivo power. 
have read his messao•e with great attention, and 
am compelled to say that it has failed to shake 
in any degree the strong convictions I entertained 
on the subject when offered the resolution to 
which it responds; nor after a careful examiha- 
tion of the long list of appointments to which 
it rcfcrs as establishing an uninterrupted usa«ye 
of sixty-five years, do I find one solitary casc 
which can be quoted as a precedent for the ap- 
pointment of Mr. Holt as acting Secretary of 
War, when the Senate was in session, and the 
office vacant by the resignation of Mr. Floyd. 
Ail tho appointments—onc hundred and seventy- 
•—having been (with the exception 
six in numbm 
of Mr. T oucey as acting Secretary of the Treas- 
ury on 12th December last) made during the re- 
cess of the, Senate, or when from illness, absence, 
or other cause—other than death or resignation— 
the duties of the office could not be discharged 
by the regularly appointed functionary. I do not. 
intend to argue the question now; but considering 
it one of very great Interest, I only desire to place 
on record my dissent from the opinions of the 
President, and to bring the matter before the ap- 
I move that the message 
and resolutions be ref0rred to the Committee on 
thc Judiciary. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 shall no further objec- 
tion to the refin•ence of this subject to the Com- 
mittee on the Judiciary. I only desire to say to 
the Senator from Louisiana that he must be per- 
fectly aware I mado no objection in a spirit of in- 
justice or opposition to him; nor have I any de- 
sire to avoid a full and thorough examination of 
the subject. That could not be done, if I desired 
it. But, sir, at the moment the Senator from 
Louisiana madc the motion the other morning, it 
occurred to mc that it might be a very serious 
matter. He secrned to be exceedingly confident 
that thcrc was no authority, under the Constitu- 
tion, for what the President of the United States 
had done, and for that reason desired a reference 
of the message to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
The first impression on my mind was, that this 
might involve a very serious question and very 
serious consequences to our public affairs. For 
that reason, I suggnsted thc propriety of allow- 
incr it to lie over, and for that reason only; and 
therefore have no objection whatever, this morn- 
ing, to the reference. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the 
Senator from Louisiana is, to refer the President's 
message to tho Commit,t.oe on the .Tudiciary. 
Mr. SLIDELL. And the resolutions. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and 
seconded that the message of the President of the 
United States, and the resolutions submitted by 
488) authorizing the holding of circuit and dis2 
trict courts of the United States for the southern 
district of Illinois at the city of Cairo, was con- 
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are some details 
in that bill that I have not looked at; and I should 
like to have it lie over and not. be passed this 
I do not know that I have any objec- 
morning. 
tion to it; but I should like to look into some Of 
the details in regard to pending suits which I have 
not observed before. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. It can lie over for a day, 
until my colleague opportunity to exam' 
The VICE. PRESIDENT. The bill will be 
passed over. 
COMMITTEE SERVICE. 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 rise, sir, for the purpose 
of asking to be discharged from any further ser- 
vicc upon the Committee on Claims. I was dis- 
charged some time since fromservice as chairman 
of that committee, but I understand that 
not carry with it a discharge as a member of the 
committee. Yesterday, there was some contro- 
versy and difficulty about filling placns on the 
committees, in consequence of Senators having' 
retired from the Chamber. In order to obviate 
that difficulty in my own case, while I am a mem- 
ber of the Senate, I ask to be discharged frOm the 
committee, and that the Vice President fill the 
vacancy. The committee, I understand, have 
already clected a chairman, and the only thing 
necessary is simply to supply one committee-man 
in my place. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Georgi. asks to bc discharged from further ser- 
vicc upon the Committee on Claims. 
The motion was agreed to. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatormoves 
also that the Presiding Offcer fill the vacancy 
upon that committee. 
T hc motion was agreed to. 
ST. LOUIS ARSENAL. 
Mr. POLK. A few days ago when the morn- 
ing hour closed, the Senate had under considera- 
tion a bill for the sale and removal of the arsenal 
in the city of St. Louis. desire that the Senate 
shall go on with that unfinished business during 
The VICE PRESIDEN'r. The Senator must 
move to take it up; it fell. 
Mr. POLK. If it requires a motion, I move to 
take it up. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as 
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid- 
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 132) to remove the 
United States arsenal from the city of St. Louis, 
and to provide for the sale of the lands on which 
the same is located; the pending question being 
on the amendment of the Committee on Military 
Affairs and Militia, to add at the end of the first 
section the following: 
fl'he proceeds of such sale to be applied to the erection 
at Jefferson barracks, in the State Of Missouri, of suitable 
buildings for containing all the tools, implements, machine- 
ry, arms, and materials, now at said St. Louis arsenal. 
Mr. KING. 1 ask that the bill itself, with the 
It passed unanimously 
amendments, be read. 
through the Committee on Military Affairs of the 
Senate, with the amendments; and I think there 
will be no objection to it, if the whole case ap- 
pears to the Senate. 
VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will 
read the bill, with the amendments of the Senate 
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia. 
The bill and amendments were read. 
Mr. GRIMES. As 1 understand the bill now 
before thc Senate, it provides that the whole of 
the land belonging to the United States, and used 
for the purpose of an arsenal at St. Louis, shall 
; the Senator from Louisiana, be referred to the I be divided up into lots and sold; and the eastern 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
The motion was to. 
UNITED STATES COURTS AT CAIRO. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. If there is no objection, 1. 
should like to have the Senate consider now the 
bill providing for a separate term of the courts of 
the United States, in the southern district of Illi- 
nois, at Cairo, which has been reported from the 
II Committee on the Judiciary this morning. I pre- 
It will take 
same [herc will bc no ol).jecüon to it. 
but an instant. 
No objection being made, the bill (H. R. No. 
half—that which is nearest to the city of St. Louis, 
and the more valuable—is to be appropriated ex- 
clusively to the construction ofa new arsenal, or 
I thc erection of new buildingsatJefferson barracks. 
Mr. POLK. I will state to the Senator that he 
is just exactly mistaken. 
occupied portion; and I will state to the Senator 
that on inquiry since he. and myself had a con- 
versat.ion on the subject, I am satisfied that the 
proceeds of tbc unoccupied western half will not 
I be more than is necessary for the purpose of mak- 
I ing necessary repairs. If, however, the Senator 
