518 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 23, 
PRIVATE BILL DAY. 
is disposed to put in an amendment to limit the 
amount to what is necessary, i have no objection 
to it at all. 
Mr. GRIMES. Why say that one half the 
value of this land shall be expended in the erec- 
tion of a building, when we do not know what 
If it is necessary for 
the value of the land is? 
us to have an arsenal or new buildings erected at 
the Jefferson barracks, let 'us appropriate the ne- 
cessary amount to do it. But this land, if I know 
anything about its value, if I have a proper ap- 
preciation of it, is worth three times as much as 
the amount that ought to be expended in thc con- 
struction of buildings at Jefferson barracks. 
Mr. POLK. The Senator is mistaken in sup- 
posing that it requires thc expenditure or' one 
half of the value. That is nob the provision of 
the bill. 
Mr. GRIMES. one half the proceeds. 
Mr. POLK. It requires thc sale of the west- 
ern half first. The western half is that part of 
Jhc tract on which there arc no improvements. 
T hc improved portion, and most valuable portion, 
is on the eastern half, that lies next the river. 
The proceeds of that are not to be applied to 
building an arsenal at Jefferson barracks. The 
Senator, therefore, is under a mistake in that re- 
spcct; but the object of thc bilt is, as I under- 
stand from the Committee on Military Affairs, to 
appropriate these proceeds to the building of an 
arsenal, so that there shall be a place to which 
the munitions and the materials and the ma- 
chinery that are now used at the St. Louis arse- 
nal, can be taken, and that they shall not be 
If 
moved until there is u place to take them to. 
the Senator, however, wishes to limit the amount, 
an amendment to that effect will meet with no 
opposition, I suppose, on the part of any metn- 
ber of the c.ounnittcc; certainly it will not on my 
GRIN/.rrcs. we do know how much 
this western half', this unoccu pied half of the land , 
may bring. It I-nay bring it rnay bring 
Ill this first section it is proposed that 
the whole of the value o? that land, no rnatter how 
much it may bring, shall bc expended in the erec- 
tion of buildings at Jefferson barracks. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will make 
a sucr«estlon 
which I hope inn y ()bviate thc diflicultics on this 
iMy sunurestion is to strike out all about 
one halt' of the proceeds, and say that the sum of 
froin the first proceeds, be appropriated 
for the construction of an arsenal' at Jefferson 
barracks. 
Mr. GRIMES. That will be all right. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand that will be 
acceptable to the Senators from Missouri. 
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir. 
'l'hc PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BRIGHT 
in thc chair.) 'Ithe quest,ion is on agreeint" to the 
amen (In-lent of the corn mittee. 
'l'he tunon(llnent was a creed 10. 
'I'ho next. tunendlnent of the cotmnitt-oc was in 
section two, a ft.er tho word authorized, 
as soon as the buildil')gs above provided 
for shall be in readiness that purpose;' 
to insert " arms;' 
after the word " machinery, 
so as to make the second section read: 
SEC. 2. Be it . further enact.ed by the authority a.föresaid, 
'I'llNL the Secretary of iVar be, and hereby is, authorized, 
as soon t_he buildings above provided for Shall bc in rea(l- 
iness iOr that purpose, to cause the business heretofore eat'- 
ried on at said St. Louis arsenal, to be transferred to the inkli- 
tary reservation known as barracks, in the county 
of St. Louis, and Statc of Missouri, 
and also to cause all 
the tools, in) plc:nent.e, Inacbinery, mud materials now 
at said arsenal, to be rcnnoved ID said re5crvation. 
The amendment was am•eed to. 
T hc next atnell(lrneill of the cotnrnittee was to 
insert as a new section: 
SEC. a. „Qnd it.fumth.er cn«ct.cd, 
r.Lthat as soon as pos- 
Sible after tbc rc:noval of the arsonal frorn St. Louis to Jet'- 
törson barracks, the Secretary of VVar shall sell, i 
Inanner directed in the first section of this act, all tbc res- 
idue of the grounds attached to the said St. Louis arsenal, 
and thc buildings thereupon ; the proceeds of such sale 
shall be paid intt; the United States 'I'reas•ury. 
Tl'he amendment was agreed to. 
The bill w•as reported to the Senate asamended, 
and tbc amend noent.s were concurred in and or- 
dered to bc cn(rrösscd, and the bil.'i to be read a 
third tirne. It was read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. HALE. What is it? 
Mr. KING. It is a bill to grant a land war- 
rant. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as 
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider i 
the bill ( [-1. R. No. 507) authorizing the Secretary 
of the Interior to issue a land warrant to Darliel 
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the 
Davis. 
Interior to issue a land warrant for one hundred 
and sixty acres to Daniel Davis, for his services 
asa teamster in Wayne's war in 1795. 
Mr. HALE. Is there a report on that case ? 
It seerns to be rather an old affair—sixty-six years 
old. 
Mr. KING. 1 ask that the report be read. 
The Secretary read a report madc in the Housc 
of Rcprcscntativcs by Mr. WASHBURN, of Wig- 
consin, from the Committee on Private Land 
Clairns, from which it appearcd that Daniel Davis 
was a teamster in Captain Farrow's company of 
toamstcrs, under the command of Quartermaster 
John Matthews. He entered the service of the 
quartermaster on or about the 20th day of May, 
1795, for the term of three months, and continued 
in the service for that period of time, whcn he 
was honorable discharged by the quartermaster 
at Greenville. While in the service he was cn- 
gaged in hauling supplies from Fort Hamilton to 
Fort Greenville, which was then the headquarters 
of General Waync. The discharge of Daniel 
Davis is lost; but Sylvanus Olney and Lucena 
Mann testify under oath that they knew Davis at 
tho time he was in the service. They had very 
often seen him perforrning duty as a soldier and 
teamster. 'I'he witnesses are certified 10 bc cred- 
ible persons. Thc rcccrds containing the names 
of those who performed service during 
war arc notoriously imperfect. But the counmit- 
tee believe that the evidence accompanying the 
menaorial is amply sufficient to justify them in 
reporting bill granting one hundred and sixty 
acres of land. 
The bill was reported to thc Senate, ordered to 
a third reading, read the third time, and passed. 
MESSAGE FROM Tine HOUSE. 
A rnessage from the Housc of Reprcscntativcs, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
I-louse had passed a joint resolution (No. 48) in 
relation to inail service in Washington r I'erritory; 
in wh ich the concurrence of the Senate was re- 
quested. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
The nnessage Curther announced that the House 
ordered, on the 22d instant, the printing of the 
following documents: 
A letter from the Treasury Department, trans- 
mitting a statement of the contingent fund of the 
Treasury for thc year ending june 30, 1860— 
ordered at twelve o'clock and twelve minutes. 
A letter from thc Treasury Department trans- 
mitting a list of thc balances remaining unsettled 
for periods of one and tln•ce years upon the books 
of the 'I'rcasury—ordered at twelve o'clock and 
fourteen minutes. 
A letter from the In terior Department, inclosino 
an estimate of $72,500, subli)itted by Sylvester 
Mowry, commissioner of the United States upon 
the California boundary survey, the service of 
that work for the year ending Junc 30, 1862, and 
recommending the appropriation of that amount 
of money—ordered at twelve o'clock and fifteen 
minutes. 
A message from the President of the Ufiited 
States, transmitting reports from the Chiriqui 
coinmissioners—ordercd at four o'clock and six 
minutes. 
Joint resolutions of the Legislature of Dela- 
ware, approving the Crittenden resolutions— 
ordered at twelve o'clock and thirty minutes. 
BILLS LAWS. 
A message from the President of the United 
States, by Mr. GLOSSBRENNER, his Secretary, 
announced that the President had approved and 
signed, this day, the followina acts and joint reso- 
lution: 
An act (S. No. 976) for the relief of Benjamin 
Alvord, paymaster United States Army; 
I An act (S. No. 398) for the of Samuel R. 
DANIEL DAVIS. 
Franklin; and 
A joint resolution (S. No. 15) for the relief of i 
Mr. KING. I noove to take up House bill No. 
i Lieutenant John C. Carter. 
Mr. BRAGG. have been requested by a 
number of Senators to that a day be set 
aside, according to the usage of the Senate here- 
tofore, for the purpose of taking up private bills. 
In accordance with thc sumyestion made to me, I 
move that next Friday, after one o'clock, be set 
aside for that purpose. 
The motion was agreed to. 
CHARLES M'CORMICK. 
MI'. LANE. I have been directed by the Com- 
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia, to whom 
was referred the -bill (S. No. 38) for the relief of 
Charlas McCormick, assistant surgeon in the, 
United States Army, to report it back without 
amendment, and request that it be put on its pas- 
sacre now. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
hears no objection to the consideration of tbc bill, 
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, 
procccded to consider the bill, which proposes to 
direct the Secretary of 'War to allow and pay to 
Charles McCormick, assistant surcreon 
United Statcs Army, an allowance of $2,500, t.o 
be in full cornpensation for all extra services ren- 
dered, expenses incurred, and losses sustained by 
him in consequence of being called on to execute 
the law of March 2, 1847, and for the perform- 
ance of extra duty at New Orleans, Louisiana, in 
the years 1847, 1848, and 1849. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Is there report in that 
case? If there is, let it be read. 
Mr. LANE. There is a report. 
The Secretary read the report of the Commit- 
tee on Military Affairs and Militia. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BRIGHT 
in the chair.) The hour for the special order has 
arrived, and it must be taken up, unless the Sen- 
ate direct otherwise. 
Mr. LANE. } will not ask that the special 
order be suspended at all; but this bill may lie 
over. 
ORDER or nus1NESS. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are two 
special orders. The first is Senate bill No. 230— 
bill declaratory of the acts for carrying into 
effect the ninth article of the treaty between the 
United States and Spain. 
Mr. CAMERON. J thought the first for 
to-day was House bill No. 338. 
The, PRESIDING OFFICER. The second 
special order appointed for to-day is I-lousc bill 
No. 338, entitled " An act to providc for the pay- 
ment of outstandincr Treasury notes, to authorize 
a loan, to rcgulate and fix the duties on imports, 
and for other purposes.' 
Mr. HUN'I'ER. Are not the resolutions of 
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. CRITTENDEN 
the unfinished business on which we adjourne 
yesterday evening ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BRIGHT.) 
They are the unfinished business. 
Mr. HUNTER. Then, of course, they come 
up first. 
Mr. POLK. I will state to the Chair that that 
is not only so, but the Senator from Ohio [Mr. 
WADE] was on the floor in the midst ofa speech 
at the moment the adjournment was moved. 
Thc PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was 
croin« on to remark that the unfinished business 
of yesterday was the joint resolution of the Sen- 
ator from Kentucky; and on that question the 
Chair is advised that the Senator from Ohio is 
entitled to the floor. 
Mr. CAMERON. Will the President allow 
me to ask, what is the state of the House bill to 
which I have alluded; and if it be passed over 
nom.v, when will it come up? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When taken 
up, it, will be before the Senate as in Committae 
of the Whole, and open to amendment. 
Mr. CAMERON. I propose to fix some day 
IVIr. SEWARD. Let the Senator from Ohio 
go on novv, and that can be fixed afterwards. 
Mr. CAMERON. very well. 
Mr. WADE. If the Senate is inclined to take 
up the bill referred to by the Senator from Penn- 
sylvania—which I deem one of the most inlport- 
ant that is before us—I will yield the floor for 
that purpose, trusting to luck to get it some other 
time. 
