1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
521 
first on postponing the special order, being the 
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky; and 
then the question wili come up as to what shall 
be the business before the Senate. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 am aware of that; but 1 de- 
sire to say that, notwithstanding the division, I 
vote to postpone the resolutions, with the under- 
standing and expectation that the tariff bill will be 
immediately taken up and committed, and then 
the consideration of the resolutions resumed. I 
do not consent to occupy the attitude of interfer- 
ing with the consideration of the resolutions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Kentucky calls for a division of the ques- 
tion. Hc is entitled to it, and the Chair will con- 
sider the yeas and nays as ordered upon the post- 
poncment of the special order, leaving it open then 
to take up any other business. The Secretary 
will call the, roll on postponing the special order. 
rl'he question being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 27, nays 21; as follows: 
YEA S—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham, Cam- 
cron, Chandler, Clark, Collatner, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, 
Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimcs, Hake King, Morrill, 
Seward, Simmons, Sunuer, 'I'cn Eyck, 'lhomson, 'I'rtun- 
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and 
NAV essrs. Bayard, Bcnjænin, Bragg, Bright, Cli ng- 
man, Crittenden, Fitch, Hemphill, Hunter, rvetson, John- 
son of Arkansas, Johnson ofTennessec, Kennedy, Lathatn, 
Mason, Nicholson. Pearce, Polk, Powe\k, Rice, and Sebas- 
tian—21. 
So the motion to post-pone was agreed to. 
Mr. HALE. Now the question is on taking 
up the tariff bill. 
FLORIDA CLAIMS. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Cia. order now is the bill S. No. 230, declaratory 
of the acts for carrying into the ninth ar- 
tiele of the treaty between the United States and 
Mr. FOOT. I move to postpone the consider- 
ation of that bill to Monday next, the 4th 
of February, and make it the special order for 
that day, at o 'clock. 
The motion was agreed to. 
THE TARIFF BILL. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The. next bill 
in ordor is House bill No. 388, entitled An act 
to provide for the paymcnt of outstariding Troas- 
ury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix 
the duties on imports, and for other purposes." 
'l'he Chair understands that there is an amend- 
ment pending, which was offered by the Senator 
from Oregon, [Mr. LANE.] 
Mr. TiWMBULL. is not the question on the 
postponernent? 
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Rhode. 
Island will make the motion for a •select commit- 
tee. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to get at the precise 
state of thc bill. Some of 'n y friends say that 
the proper vote now is postponing it to 
the 4th of March. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 do understand that that 
T hc committec recommended 
Inotion is pcndinff. 
but there was no motion made in pursuance of 
it, 
that recommendation. '1Ähere is nothing in the 
wav of a to Senator moves it. 
PRESIDINGOFFICER. There has 
no action on the report of thc Committee on Fi- 
nance; but since that report was made, the bill 
has been taken up and madc a special order, and 
it, is now before the Senate, as in Committee of 
the Whole, and may be referred either to a stand- 
ing or to a select cornmittee. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I suggest, and will mako 
tho motion, ifthc Senator frt5m Pennsylvania [Mr. 
CAMERON] is willing, that the bill be referred to 
a select committee consisting of five Senators, arid 
that they report on Tuesday next, or as early as 
practicable. 
Mr. GW.IN. Rhode Island 
wishes a select committee to examine this ques- 
he had better give thern until this day week. 
tion, 
It is important question. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 am content. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to 
refer the bill to a select committee of five mem- 
Thc motion was agreed to. 
Mr. G M/ IN. I move that the committee bc 
appointed by the Vice Pecsident. 
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con- 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 that the Senate 
resume the consideration of the resolutions of the 
Senator from Kentucky. 
Mr. G WIN. One word. It was proposed to 
instruct the committee to report the tariff bill 
within a week. 
The OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from California move that? 
Mr. G WIN. That is the motion of the Sen- 
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I thought that was included 
in the motion to refer. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a sepa- 
rate motion. It is moved that the select commit- 
tee be instructed to report back the bill on this 
day week. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Iwish to amend that mo- 
tion.by adding, " and that it be made the special 
order fbr that-day at one o'clock." 
Oh, no. 
Mr. G WIN. It ought to be printed first, so 
that we may examine it. 
1 shall not. 
Mr. COLLAMER. very well. 
insist on my suggestion. 
Mr. CAMERON. renew the motion of the 
Senator from Vermont. 
Mr. BIGLER. That cannot be done. 
Mr. G WIN. When the bill is reported, it must 
be printed as amended; and sve ought to have the 
printed bill before us before taking it up for action. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on instructing the committee to report the bill 
back this day week. 
"i*hc motion was agreed to. 
SLAVERY QUESTION. 
Mr. BIGLER. Now, 1 move to take up the 
resolutions of the Sc»nat.or frorn Kentucky. 
Mr. mvViLSON. Will Senator give way to 
allow me to make a motion ? 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
hear the Senator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. WILSON. 1 wanted to make a motion to 
fix some day for the, consideration of the Pacific 
railroad bill, which has been thrown over. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 cannot yield for a motion so 
important as that. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the motion of the Senator from Pennsylva- 
nia. 
Mr. GWYN. am going to make a point on 
this very motion of the Senator from Pennsylva- 
nia. 'I'he question beforc the Senate is, what shall 
come up? If the resolutions of the Senator from 
Kentucky do not come up, the Pacific railroad bill 
comes a matter of course, as the unfinished 
amendable. If it is Voted down, the Senator's 
motion will be in order. 
Mr. WILSON and Mr. GWIN called for the 
yeas and nays; and they were ordered ;.and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 27; as follows: 
YEAS— Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin Bigler, Baugg, 
Bright, Clingman, Crittenden, Douglas, Fitch,- Hemphill, 
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, 
Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Rice, Sebastitm, 
Thomson, and Wigfall—24. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bingham, Cameron, 
Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Doolittle, Durkec, Fessenden, 
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Gwin, Hale, Harlan, King Latham, 
Morritl, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, ålrumbu)l, 
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—27. 
So the motion was not agreed to. 
RAILROAD TO PACIFIC. 
On motion of Mr. G WIN, the Senate, as in 
Committee of thc Whole, resumed the consider- 
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 701) to secure con- 
tracts, and make provision for" the safe, certain, 
and more speedy transportation, by railroad, of 
mails, troops, munitions of war, and military and 
naval storcs, between the Atlantic States and those 
of the Pacific, and for other purposes; the pend- 
ing question being on the amendment offered- by 
Mh•. LANE. 
Mr. GWIN. There are some amendments to 
the bill, which are rendered necessary in order to 
conform to the amendment which was adopted on 
the of the Senator from North Carolina, 
[Mr. BRAGG.] I have indicated to the Secrecary 
of the Senate what those amendments are. •If the 
Secretary will rend those amendments, the Sena- 
tor from North Carolina will see the appropriate- 
ness of passing them. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending 
amendment is the one offered by the Senator from 
Oregon. Will the Senate have it read? 
MI'. G WIN. I hope the Senator from Oregon 
will permit me to perfrct the bill in the manner I 
havc indicated, in order to make the bill conform 
to the amendments that havo already bccn adopted 
by thc Senate, before the vote is taken on his 
amendment. According to the amendment, the 
acts of incorporation by the States and Territo- 
rics are to bc rcportcd back to Congress for action, 
and a provision of the bill says that the road must 
be commenced in twelve months from the passage 
of the act, which is impossible. 
Mr. LANE. I have no objection to the time 
beinm extended, and I will wuvc my amendment 
for the present for that purpose. 
Mr. G WIN. There. ig no objection, I suppose, 
I hope the 
to the arncndmcnt that propose. 
Secretary will read it. 
business; d oos it not ? 
NIL'. WILSON. I think the Pacific railroad bill t The Secretary read it. In line five of section five 
of thc bill to strike out the words " approval of 
has lost its place. 
I have submitted a motion to the act by the President," and to insert the words 
IVh•. BIGLER. 
resume the consideration of the resolutions of the 
Senator from Kentucky. 
Mr. G WIN. [ am going to give a reason why 
I shall vote ao•ain.st the motion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the motion of the Senator from Pennsylva- 
nia to take up for consideration the resolutions 
offered bv the Senator from Kentucky. 
IVIr. G WIN. Can I makc a motion to amend 
PRES[DING OFFICER. The Chair 
hear the proposition of the Scnator. 
IVIV. G)VåN. I want to take up the Pacific 
railroad bill and have it considered and acted on 
finally. There are no speeches to be made on that, 
G' time at which the acts of incorporation shall 
have been approved, according to the first section 
of this act;" and in the ter)th line to strike out the 
words passagc and approval of this act," and 
insert the words, " time at which the acts of in- 
corporation shall have been approved, according 
to the first section of this act;" so that the Section 
will read: 
SEC. 5. and be it, further enacted, That if the corpora- 
tion or corporations proceeding u ndcr the provisions of this 
act. in the construction of' said road Shail Ihil to cotnmcnee 
the work upon said road within one year thc tune at 
which the acts of' incorporation shall have been aru-n•oved, 
according t.() first section of' this act, or to 
()ne hundred (100) per year alter the fn•st year. or 
shall thil to conjpletc f i)? whole, of said line and Vurnish ihe 
railroad tra n.-•portatiorl cont.e:upia ted ail(l contracted by 
line within fifteen vears after the 
to to tho country or cise,where. We are going this aet along the cntirt„ 
to consider the details of it; and I think if we time at which the, acts of incorporation siiall havc been 
approved, according to the first. section oi' this act, the 
tako it wo can soon get throuqyh willi it. 
corporation or corporations contracting or owning the sanre 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will Senator from forfeit, granted. 
either in respect to aid, rightot-way, orjallds not yetdisposed 
California allow Ine to inquire what is the busi- 
of by ; and it shall be the ri«ht, and duty of Cougrcss 
ncss bcföre the Senate? 
provide Ibr thc construction or cornpletion of the same 
PRESI DING OFFICER. The motion of by or ; and to this end, 
the Senator from Pennsylvania. 
the property. rights, franchises, belonoinrr 
Mr. TRUIMBULL. But what would be t hc to or connected with this road, so far as co:nplct.ed or in 
business regularly in order if that motion was not inure to and become, the property of such 
second corporation or corporations herein reförred to. upon 
made? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no 
I special order now. The Pacific railroad bill, as 
the Chair understands, has lost its position as 
special order. The question now is on the motion 
of the Senator from Pennsylvania to take up thc 
of-rered I.) y the Senator from Kentucky. 
Mr. GidVlN. ] to amend the motion by 
substitutinæ the _Pacific railroad bill. 
The PRESIDING OIOFICER. The Chair will 
rcmark to the Senalor that the motion is not 
the saine conditions as it bcloruaed to the corporation or 
corporations failing. 
i 'I'he was agreed to. 
P RFSIDING OFFICER. The question 
now is on the amendment offered by the Senator 
i! from Oregon, which will be read. 
in line thirteen 
"1'11(' Secretary read it; to Insert„ 
of the first section, after the word " California," 
the fbllowin« 
ce branching north through the valleys of Sacra- 
Inento, Rogue river, t_hnpqua, and Wiihunctt.e, to Portlalid, 
