1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
525 
I would adopt the suggestion of the Senator from i Government for party purposes in regard to the 
Massachusetts, if, in my judgment, it did not Pacific railroad. You have either got to equalize 
it, or leave it with a party character. 
probably interfere with and jeopardize the bill. 
Mr. FITCH. There is some force in what the Mr. SIMMONS. 1 never for a very high 
Senator from Massachusetts says. We can well office, and i do not know the politics of people all 
insert additional names. The very object sought I ovcr this country. I supposed this bill -was made 
for by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. DOUGLAS] 
up of railroad men and capitalists, in the House 
svould not be attained by striking out names. 
these gentlemen have entered into an association, 
and understand each other, there is a clause of 
the bili which permits them to let in other corpo- 
rators; but they cannot vote out those whose 
names we insert. 'That course, therefore, will be 
the only one which will attain the object sought 
by the Senator from Illinois. 
Mr. WILSON. I would suggest, then, to the 
Senator from likinois, or to the. Senators from ll- 
linois, that they drop this matter, and that they 
arrano•e such names as they can agree. upon to go 
into the bill, and present them here, and we svill 
take whoever they want. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. stated to the Senate, 
and repeat again, that I have proposed to my col- 
league that he and his Rephblican friends may 
acyree upon one name, two names, or three names, 
as few or as as they please, and submit 
thun to us, and if they are not objectionable we . 
will takcthem; and we, in turn, will submit names 
to them, and they may reioct any that are objec- 
tionable; and tl'ley IY)ay either have one man that 
is not obnoxious, or two, 01' three, as they please, 
I am willing to leave out the Stale 
or none at all. 
entirely. All I ask is that it shall be equalized or 
all stricken out. I proposed this privately to my 
colleague, because I did not want to bring it he- 
fore the Senate. 
Mr. 'I' RUMBULL. I think there was great 
force in what thc Senator fi•oun Louisiana said a 
few minutes acro. i thought his remarks were 
very appropriat.e on this alternpt to bring in con- 
siderations of a party character upon a bill of this 
kind; but now it is proposed here—and I am sorry 
to sce the Senator from Massachusetts proposing 
it—that we criter into a bargain, one Democrat 
and one Republican— 
Mr. WILSON. 1 did not say so. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 want nothing to do with 
I want good men in this bill. Who 
such a thing. 
ever talked about the politics of t.hese men until 
my colleague dragged it in here? I am willing 
that thc bill should stay as it is. hat is not sat- 
isfactory to my colleague. He says sorne of these 
men are party men. I disagree with him as to 
their boing Republicans; but he wants to select 
for us Reymblicans. We have got ill [here 
that he says are Republicans. Strike out whoru 
you plc:ase; but if you want a selection ot• Re- 
13'1i)licans, suppose you are not going to select 
I have t.nld him if he 
for us, orn the other side. 
wants to strike out t.l'le name of' Wentworth, to 
nannc his man and put him in his place; and then 
you will have an equal number of Democrats and 
Repu 
N:] r. I)OUGLAS. i will try to agroc on this: 
I now tnove to strike out both of the partisans in 
the bill from Ilfinois, and t.l'lcn leave it a man on 
each side. 
Mr. SIN"IMONS. I wish to suggest the impro- 
priety of having the yeas and nays on striking 
out men 's nanu•s, which were put in here proba- 
blv without any design, and putting them on trial 
here and voting them out of an incorporation, 
when they know nothing about it, and have no 
chance to defend thcrnsclves. You propose to 
select out herc some mcn whose names have been 
inserted in this railroad bill as fit to attend to the 
starting of the road, to try them, and turn them 
out on the yeas and nays, when tnoy are not here 
1 think it is iknproper•, and 
to defend themselves. 
Representatives, to give character to the enter- 
prise, and confidence to those who are to put it 
m operation. I have got four names here that, 
at the request of tho Senator from California, 
was going to propose, so as to have somebody in 
each State togive character and to start the thmg. 
That is all the reason I have for it. 
I hope, of 
all things, that we shall not enryac»e in this busi- 
ness of picking out names and reflecting upon 
men who have been selected, perhaps without 
their knowledge, though I do not know anything 
about that. Why shall we make reflections upon 
them because they -happen to be on one side or 
the other of politics? I would not give acent for 
It' this stock is to be 
a man's politics in this bill. 
opened to everybody, to be subscribed for all over 
the country, how are you going to prevent men 
of both parties frorn going into it? 
If they have 
the money to pay, they will como in if they want 
to do so. It is very unpleasant to talk about the 
party politics of men whose names arc in u bill 
like this, and especially to have a vote about it, 
them out of the concern, 
and an effort to drive 
when perhaps they have been written to to have 
their names putin, without any particular desire 
on their part; and all this because they do not 
If they had 
happen to suit sm-nebody's politics. 
not in, I should not have cared anything 
about it; but I do not want t.o turn them out. 
Mr. W[LSON. 1 understand the motion to 
be to strike out two names, on which the yeas 
and navs have been ordered. I hope the Senator 
from Illinois will not put itin that form, and that 
',ve. shall not strike out anybody's name, be his 
party politics what they may; and if he wants 
the yeas and nays upon the admissioh of the 
names proposed by the Senator from California, 
let the question be taken in that way. I will vote 
for tho admission of any respectable naan in 
A.mcrica, be his polities what they may, into this 
that any Senator desires to have Inserted. 
bill, 
Now, a Single word in regard to the advice I 
gave, which is not taken: that tille two Senators 
from Illinois should arrange thig rnatler. 
not rnean that they should arrange it on political 
grounds; but that they might have sotnc consult- 
ation, and rnelltion such names from Illinois as 
they thought would con tribute to the building of 
this road; and I will vote cheerfully for w l'ioever 
they propose. 
Mr. BENJAMIN, Will the Senator permit 
me to ask him a question ? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is, whether he has any 
objection to these names ? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. None to the individuals 
but if you put these in, I muSt propose 
as men ; 
to insert others. I think we had better leave thre 
bill as it is. 
Mr. FITCH. 1 think the remarks of the Sen- 
ator from Illinois [Mr. TRUMBULL] are ofa vei•y 
refreshingly disinterested character, politically. 
I-Ie objects to the proposition of his colleague to . 
insert two other names, because, as he alleges, 
they are partisan politicians; in other words, be- 
cause they are opposed to himself; when a perusal 
of the names already in the bill will satisfy any 
gcntleman that partisan politics has had an over- 
whelming influence ih the selection of these names 
grom beginning to end. 
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator tell me the 
politics of any one of the four from the State of 
Iowa? 
Mr. FITCH. 1 do not pretend to know any- 
tiling about Iowa; but I presume, if the Senator 
hinnself was consulted, he took good care to in- 
sert staunch Republicans. 
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Iowa was 
not consulted, nor any man in the Senate, so far 
as he knows, in regard to the Iowa names which 
I know the present politics of 
are in the bill. 
and he is u Democrat. 
only one of the men; 
Mr. So far as those in Indiana are 
concerned, they are all Republicans; and yet I 
recotynize the propriety of the names of three. of 
them being there, because they arc railroad men, 
and I believe them to be very fair men. I hard& 
think they would permit their partisan po}itics to 
control their action in the management of this con- 
'l*here is another who is certainly not the 
ccrn. 
man for the place, unless he is put there as a par- 
tisan politician. If the motion of the Senator from 
Illinois is carried, I shall move to strike out his 
and insert another. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is in order to move to 
amend the tunendment by adding two narnes more? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
He thinks it is in order to move the 
thinks not. 
addition of any other names as an amendment to 
the bill, but not by way of amendment to the 
amendment. 
Mr. 'IIRUMBULL.. If the vote can be taken 
upon these two names, may it not be taken upon 
halfa dozen ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It may be. 
Mr. rl'RüMBULL. Then move to amend 
the amendment by adding the names of William 
I B. Ogden and Henry Farnham—the names I men- 
Nrr. I)OUGLAS. I wish the Senator to un- 
do E•stand that I have made that proposition to my tionéd before. 
colleaguc two or three times before the bill camel Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask whether you call) go 
and urged him to acn•ee to some mode of 
it so as to avoid a controversy in the 
He would not do it. 
Senate. 
The question being taken, by yeas and nays, 
upon the amendment of Mr. DOUGLAS to strike 
out the names of John Wentworth and N. B. 
Judd, the result was—yeas 20, nays 25; as fol- 
lows: 
YEAS—Mesgrg. Bigler, Bragg, Clingman, Douglas, Fitch, 
Green, I-lernphill, Hunter, Iverson, Jolmson of Arkansas, 
Johnson or 'I'ennessce, Kennedy, Lane, Lathanl, Nichol- 
son, Pearce. Polk Powell, Slidell, and Wicfall—20 
Bright, C,ameron, 
NAYS—Mcssrs. Anthony, Birtgharn, 
Chandler, Clark, Collmner, I)0Dlit.tle, Durkee, fressende,n, 
Foot, Foster, Grinxes, Hale, Harlan, King, Morrill, Seward, 
Sirmnons, Suntnpr, 'Pen Eyck, 'I'ru:nbull, VVade, Wilkin- 
son, and VVilson—25. 
So the amendment was rejected. 
Mr. DOUGT.,AS. I now renewthc amendment 
on indefinitely adding names in that way. It so, 
I can keep on adding names to those proposed by 
my colleague, and so on. Ccrtainly, if his amend- 
ment is in order, we can amend that. by adding 
other names. The vote must be taken, it seems 
to nu.i, on adding the two names which I have pro- 
posed, and then on the two names proposed by 
him. You cannot vote on thc four at once. The 
question now is, whether the two names proposed 
by me shall be inserted. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 want to inquire of the 
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. DouG1,xs,] whether 
the two men he has named are railroad rnen, cap- 
italists in Illinois? I do not know the n)en myself; 
but the other two names, suggested by his col- 
league, i do know. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. They arc both very respect- 
ablc gentlemen. They are not obnoxious, like 
oftbeSenator from California, to insert the names the two I move to strike out, but very respecta- 
ble gentlemen; and if my colleague had proposed 
hope the Senat.01' from Illinois will not pursue of Virgil Hickox and C. L. Higbce, of Illinois, 
to see whether the Senate is willing to equalize the to insert the. two named by him, I should agree 
I do not know the men. 
it. 
to it at once. The only point is, that I object, 
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator will help me matter by this addition. 
not to thc men themselves, but to the attempt to 
IVIr. TRUMBULL. am very sorry to take 
to vote in two men, so as to deprive it of its par- 
up any ruore tirne in regard to this matter; but I give this measure a partisan character as far as 
tisan character, I shall be contex)t. I do not want 
Illinois is concerned. I have reason to believe 
to strike out any names; but this refusing to strike trust those names NV ill not be inscrtcd, after the 
II scene we have had in the Senate to-day. No- that they put in, and selected, and conned 
out partisans when the Inotion is made, thQf1 
body thought of rnaking a party bill out Of this over for that express purpose; and I cannot con- 
refusino• to add men to balance it when that Ino- 
t,iou is made, and talking acrainst party, will not 
do. Every man lio will not go for equalizing 
it, and thereby strippin'" it of its partisan charac- 
ter, makes a record in favor of a political machine 
for this railroad. 'Ithere is no use in trying to 
It is an attempt to make this a polit- 
disguise it. 
icar machine, to prostitute the revenues of this 
that I anl aware of, until In y colleague dragged it ceive why there is such pertinacity in my col- 
in here; and I think, when names •are-Ijroughtin for league's ad herence to them unless it is fora party 
the purpose of having one Democrat and one Re- prtrpose. 
M r. TRUMBULL. I know my colleague's 
II 
publican on each side, we had better discounte- 
b, Icavc the bill as it i persistency, determined to have the last word, 
nanc,e the wh020 thincr 
came from the I•loase of Representatives in that h and to state things in a way that creates a wrong 
I trust these names will not bc inserted. impression upon the country. He has been told 
i respect. 
