528 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 23. 
city where the vessel bringing it has touched. 
Tliis scction corrects this anomaly. 
The amendment was concurred in. 
Tenth amendment of the Senate: 
SEC. 10. and be it further enacted, 'That all acts or parts 
of acts inconsistent with the provisions of the preceding 
section of this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. 
The amendment was concurred in. 
Eleventh amendment of the Senate: 
SEC. 11. and be it further enacted, That so much of the 
act entitled An act regulating the pay of deputy postmas- 
ters approved June 22, 1854, as authorizes the Postmaster 
General to make. quarterly allowances out of the postages 
collected at separating post othees, for extra labor einployed 
in separating and dispatching the mails, be, and the same 
is hereby, repealed : Provided, He shall pay such allowances 
as may have been authorized under existing laws to the 
date ot' this repeal. 
Mr. COLFAX. The House at the last ses- 
sion, on a test vote, after debate, refused to concur 
It is an amendment repeal- 
in that amendment. 
ing the law authorizing the Postmaster General 
to pay extra pay to postmasters of separatintr 
offices which are intermediate between distribu tin«y 
of-Rees and ordinary offices. Gentlemen will re-- 
member the debate of the last session. The House 
voted it down at that time. 
Mr. PHELPS. Let us do so again. 
Mr. COLFAX. Iam still in favor of the amend- 
ment, but feel it due to the House to state these 
facts, so as not to surprise them. 
The amendment was non-concurred in. 
Twelfth and thirteenth amendments of the Sen- 
ate: 
SEC. 13. .nnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster 
General shall not, any rauroad of t.he first class, allow 
an average rate of speed ot• less than twenty lililes an hour, 
including stoppages ; nor on any railroad ot•the second class, 
an avcrage rate of speed of' less than ecvcntcen ntiles an 
hour, including stoppages; nor on any railroad of the third 
classs, less than twelve Iniles an hour, including stoppatres ; 
and no greater in terval than ve Ininutes shall be 
lowed between connect inw routes, of either class, to eth!ct 
the tran.sti±l• oc the rnails. 
SEC. 14. .nnd be it further enacted, 'l'hat, 
(Or the con- 
veyance of the rnail Oil any railroad of the first class, tbc 
Postrnaster General shall not pay a Ilixher ratc of' coli! pen- 
nor u any railroad 
satiou than 1')cr niile per auntun ; 
of t11C second class a higher 
rate than eighty dollars per 
nor upon any railroad of t.hc third class 
miie per annum ; 
a higher rate than torty dollars per mile per ant) urn. 
Mr. COLFAX. Thcsc provisions were rec,ora- 
mended by the late Postmaster General , M l'. Holt. 
They would savc to t.he Treasury of the United 
States per annurn. 
But, aft(.n• consider- 
atiou of the. matter by the Post Oflice Committcc 
of the House, I am instructed by them to say that 
they do not fecl ut libcrty to recomnnend to the 
Llouse concurrence in the arncudinents. 
sirous as they are to make rctrenc,hnnent in this 
department, they fear the provisions n:figllt have 
postal service 
the elfcct to disarrange the cntirc 
of the. country. Tililey reduce thc rates of coni- 
pensution on •first class railroads from to 
pcr reduction of thirt y-threc 
second class roads frorn $101) to per 
reduction twenty per cent. ; and on third class 
red 
roads f*ron) 55() to inile—a 
If it vv•ere ccrtain 
that the 
of twenty per c.e.nt. 
mails would be carried by all these roads, that 
the niftil systen'l would not be deranged, we would 
have cordially a concurrence; but 
there is very great doubt, with the present 
of inails, and the stalc of the railroads at the 
present time, whether such a sweeping reduction 
rnight not lead to a slate of affairs which the 
I-louse would dislike to see inaucyurated, 
Mr. STOUT. I would inquire of the gentle- 
man from Indiana whether it is not in the power 
of the Postmaster General to make these reduc- 
ti0i'iS without any authority of law ? 
Mr. COLFAX. It is not, except by changing I 
the classes into which the raih•oads are divided. 
Mr. HOARD. Will gentleman the 
distinction between a first and second class rail- 
road ? 
Mr. COLFAX. The distinction is somewhat 
an arbitrary one. The Postmaster General makes 
the distinction, founded upon the bulk of the Iliails 
and ra to of speed. 
NJ_r. SHERMAN. I hope the amendincnts 
WiM be concurred ilÄ. 
think they are very good 
M r. BRANCH. 
I ui'ldcrstood the gentleman 
from [ndial')a to say that the committ.ce recom- 
mcnd a non-concurrence, 
shall not, therefore, 
express my conviction that, if this amendment is 
adopted and becomes a law, Congress will have 
to make some other provision for carrying its 
mails than over at least a portion of the railroads. 
It not only reduces them to a compensation totally 
inadequate to the services rendered, and for which 
they could not afford to render those services, but 
it totally changes the whole policy of the Gov- 
ernment in relation to the classification of rail- 
roads. Heretofore the classification has been not 
according to the quality of the railroad, nor ac- 
cording to the speed of its trains, but with sole 
reference to the bulk and importance of the mails 
carricd. It is something new,. so far as I under- 
stand our legislation, for us to undertake to con- 
form the rates of speed to the classification. 
In addition, no one can read the proposition and 
not be convinced that if wre adopt speed as the 
basis of classification, the distinction it proposes 
to make in the rates of pay is alt0&ether unjust 
and unequal. To the first class of roads it pro- 
poses to pay $200 per mile per annum for a speed 
of twenty miles an hour; to second class roads, 
eighty dollars for seventeen miles an hour; and, 
to third class, forty dollars for twelve miles an 
hour. If we pay $200 a mile to roads which run 
twenty miles an hour, I submit that eighty dol- 
lars a mile is altogether inadequate for a road 
that runs seventeen miles an hour. 
I have some practical acquaintance with this 
subject; and I assure thc chairman of the Com- 
mittee on the Post Offcc and Post Roads that if 
this amendment is adopted, in my opinion, all 
the roads which are now carrying the mails as 
second and third class roads, will throw down 
the mails and refuse to perform the service. 
Whether thcy do so or not, they ought to do so, 
if thcy have any regard for their ox,vn intci•est. 
Mr. BURNETT. to ask the 
I wish to know the dif10rence 
man a question. 
between the price no•yv paid to railroads carrying 
thc mails, and other first class transportation ? 
Mr. BRANCH. 
am not able to answer the 
interrogatory of thc gentleman. 
It can bc an- 
no doubt, by t,hc chairman of the Com- 
mittce on the Post Ofiicc and Post R.ondN. have 
some acquaintance with thc rates paid to railroad 
corn punios, but no practical acquaintance with the 
rates paid for any other 1110dc of trailsportation. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 can answer the gentle- 
expressed a desire that this 
man 's question. 
arnendment should bc concurred in, and will 
state, the reason for such concurrence. T hc pres- 
ent rates paid to railroad companies for transport- 
the are about, seven times the rates paid 
for ordinary transportation, and they arc about 
throe times the rates paid for express transpor- 
tation; and they arc totally out of all proportion 
to any other kind of transportation. The Gov- 
(.u•nlnont ha.s uniforlnly paid to railroad compa- 
nics, as as to everybody else, a higher rate 
It is said that these 
than is paid to 
railroad companies will refuse to carry the mails 
unless t.hey get. their own price. I will leave them 
to the public opinion of' their own neighborhoods, 
and there is not a railroad company in the United 
States which will not compelled to carry the 
nrails at the rates fixed by law. Public opinion 
will compel them to carry the mails at reasonable 
and fair rates. Thc rat.es fixed by this amend- 
Incnt, which Was prepared by tho Post.master 
tleman from Ohio. But I will not violate the spirit 
of the remark in respect to driving a free horse, 
and will not persist in it now. 
Mr. BRANCH. In a few moments I shall 
! yield the floor. The gentleman from Ohio, I ap- 
prehend, will find himself very much mistaken if 
he supposes that public sentiment in any State 
where railroads have been built, not out of. the 
Federal Treasury, nor by grants made to them 
by Congress out of the common property, but 
where they havc been built by the private means 
of the citizens, or out of money contributed by 
the treasuries of those States—I say he is very 
much mistaken if he supposes that in any such 
case as that, public sentiment will compel them 
to carry the mails for an inadequate compensa- 
tion. Where we have built railroads out of the 
common means of the United States, there may 
be some reasons for attempting to reduce them to 
In many of the older States of 
those low rates. 
the Union we have built railroads out of our own 
means. We expect our railroad companies will 
demand of the Government an adequate and fair 
compensation for carrying the mails; and we will 
not countenance them in demanding anything 
Bat if you undertake to confine them to 
more. 
the rates in this bill for second and third class ser- 
vice, I assure the gentleman from Ohio that there 
is not a single State among those of which I have 
spoken, where the public opinion will cunpel 
thein to carry the mail at thcsc rates. 
It has long been a matter of complaint amonæ 
railroad companies that your firstand second class 
pay is unequal and unfåir. Under the existing 
law, the first class pay is $200 a mile, and the sec- 
ond class pay is $100 a mile. You might, perhaps, 
appropriately take something from those receiv- 
iv #200 a mile and give it to those heretofore re- 
cuving $100 a mile. But instead of doing that, 
you go m the opposite direction, and propose to 
leavc those who are now receiving the highest 
price in the receipt, of what they now get, but to 
reduce still lower the compensation of those who 
are already receiving too little proportionately. 
Another point in the case, Mr. Speaker, is, that 
this amendment proposes to regulate the rate of 
speed on all the railroads in the United States. It 
may appear to gentlemen who are not familiar 
with the subject, that tlle ratc prescribed is a very 
low onc. Twenty miles an hour, including stop- 
pæres, is regarded in the reoion of country with 
which I am acquainted as a high rate of speed. 
Twenty miles an hour, including stoppages, is 
equal to between twenty-five and thirty miles ac- 
tuai running speed. We regard twenty-five miles 
an hour as very rapid running. So far from au- 
thorizing the Postmaster General to require rail- 
road companies to run twenty-five miles an hour, 
I would, if I had the power, make a law in every 
State that no railroad ccnnpany should exceed tb.ai 
speed in any casc with trains bearing human life 
upon them, without special license from a board 
or ofiiccr specially appointed for that duty. It is 
wrono• in principle for Congress to undertake to 
control the runnh}g spccd of railroads all over the 
United States. There is no propriety in it; but 
if you do undertake to control it, you ought not 
General, is considerably in excess of the ordinary I 
express transportation rates ; and oven at the rates 
prescribed by this amendment, these railroads 
'rct a larger amount than IS paid to Adams s or 
any other express company. If wo fix the com- • 
ponsation ata reasonable rate, public opinion will 
compel the railroads to carry the mails ata reason- 
able rate. 
Mr. EDWARDS was recognized by the Chair. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 desire to make a 
su . 
lvll•. EDWARDS. 1 have the floor. 
I think I llave thc floor. 
Mr. BRANCH. 
1 
yielded to the gentleman from Kentucky [IM)'. 
BURNETT] to ask u question, and to the o•entle- 
Inan from Ohio [Mr. SHERMAN] to answer it. 
1 
now resume the floor. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed that 
the gentleman from North Carolina had yielded 
Being in that mistaken, the gentleman 
the floor. 
will proceed. 
to require so high a rate of speed as is required 
for first class roads by this amendment. 
Mr. CURTIS. What is that speed? 
Mr. BRANCH. The speed is twenty miles an 
hour, including stoppages; the actual running 
specd being at least twenty-five miles an hour, in 
order to fuifill these conditions. 
I would say *nore upon this subject but for the 
fact that the chairman of the Cornmittce on tho 
.Post Ofhce and Post Roads states to the House 
that t.he committee a non-concurrence 
in the amendment. 
I hope it will be non-con- 
curred in; and I should not have made, these re- 
marks but for the fact that I feared one of those 
—that 
common occurrences in regard to the blii 
we, upon careful consideration, should reject the 
amendment, and in a week or ten days wc should 
find it put back in thc bill by sorne committee of 
conference, without the knowledge of the House. 
I hope that the amendment will bc rejected, 
that the chairman of the Committ.ee on the Post 
Offce and Post Roads wiil watch it. hereafter and 
see that it is not, put in the bill by a committee of 
conference, without at least calling the attention 
of the House to the fact. 
I intended when it was first read. I will simply II remark in reference to what was said by the gen- from North Carolina [Mr. BRANCH] has so iülly 
