1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
531 
what are we doing to avert this dreadful calamity? release from long-wornfetters, coinciden b with._t'he 
was the special order, being the report of the se- 
lect cornmittee of thirty-three, on which thc gen- Revolution is s_wecpino• over the land. We can emancipation of Russia's -serfs; the -unheralded 
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. ETHERIDGE] was i! feel the temple of our country's liberty tremble, 
concessions of the French Emperor; the 
tendencies of the continen tal Powers; and the 
yet we stand here idle. 
entitled to tho floor. 
I think it is obvious to every man of us that we ever-widening sweep of England's civilization, 
Mr. ETHERIDGE addressed the House for 
an hour on the state of the Union. [His remarks 
will be published in the Appendix.] 
Mr. LOVEJOY obtained the floor. 
WITIIDRAWAI, AND RESIGNATION OF MEMBICRS. 
The SPEAKER. 1 desirc to state to the House 
that scvcral of the members from the State of 
Georgia have addressed a letter to me, Wilh the 
request that, at the close of the speech of the ge,l'l- 
tleman from Tennessee, I would prcscnt it to the 
In obedience to their wish, I now pre- 
House. 
sent it. 
The Clerk read the letter, as follows: 
WASHINGTON Crrv, January 23, 1861. 
SIR : We have received official in (Onnation that the peo- 
ple of the State of Georgia, in convcntion assembled, on 
the 19th day of January, j851, adopted and passed an ordi- 
nance, of which the following is a copy 
We, thc people of'- the of Georgia, in convention 
assembled, do declare and orda.n, and it is hereby declared 
and ordained, that the ordinance adoptcd by the people of' 
Georgia, in convention, in the year 1788, whereby the Con- 
stitution of the United States was assented to, ratified , and 
adopted, and also all acts and parts of acts of the General 
Assembly ratitjing and adopting amendlnents to the said 
rescinded, and abro- 
Constitution, arc hcreby repealed, 
gated ; and we do further declare and ordain that the union 
now subsisting the State of Georgia and thc other 
States, under the uan:e the United States of America, 
is hereby dissolved, and that the State of Georgia is in thc 
full possession and exercise of' all those rights of sover- 
eignty which belong and appertain to a frec and independ- 
ent State." 
'l'he sovereign State of Georgia, of which ',ve arc Repre- 
sentatives in this House, having thereby dissolved the po- 
!itical connection between that State and the Govennnent 
of the United States, and having thereby repealed the ord i- 
nanee of 1788, by which the Constitution of the United 
States was ratified, and having restnncd all the powers del- 
egated to the Federal Govcrntnent, we hereby announce to 
you that svc arc no longer members of the I-louse of Repre- 
sentatives of the United States Congress. 
PETER E. LOVE, 
MARTIN 1. CRAWFORD 
THOMAS HARDEMAN, ir., 
LUCIUS J. GARTREI,L, 
JOHN VV. H. UNDERWOOD, 
JAMES JACKSON, 
JOHN J. JONES. 
iiton. WILLIAM PENNINGTON, 
Speaker House of Representatives of the United States. 
The letter was laid upon the table. 
The SPEAKER. 1 desire also to lay before 
the House, a Icttet• which I have received from 
another Representative of Georgia. 
The Clerk read the letter, as fbllows: 
I,VASIHNGTON CITY, January 23, 1861. 
SIR : Satisfied, as I am, that a nnajoi•ity of the convention 
of the people of'Georgia, now sitting, desire that the State 
should no longer bc represented illion this floor, I, in obe- 
dience to this wish of' the people's representatives, hereby 
resign the seat I hold as a Inembcr ot• this House. 
I am, respectfully, your obedient. servant, 
JOSHUA lill,r,. 
Hon. WILLIAM PENNINGTON, Speaker of the Ilousc of Rep- 
resentativcs of f.hc United States. 
The letter iva.s laid upon the table. 
Mr. LOVEJOY addressed I-louse for an 
[His remarks will be published in the 
Appendix.] 
Mr. McPHERSON obtained the floor. 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. appeal to my col- 
league to yield mc tho floor for about three min- 
utes. 
Mr. McP1-1ERSON. do it, with pleas- , 
are more controlled by political prejudice and 
preconceived opinions, than by a proper sense of 
our fearful responsibility. In devoti(W) to our 
party we seem to forget that we have a country. 
We serve the Democratic and Republican organ- 
izations, and forget that we have a Union and a 
Constitution in peril of destruction. While we 
stand here idle, the people weep, and tho nations 
look upon us with scorn and contempt. i cannot 
pick up a paper in which our tardy action is not 
denounced as treason to the cause of human liberty. 
Convinced, as I am, that we are not likely to con- 
centrate on any reasonable proposition now before 
us a constitutional majority, and bearing in mind 
that not one of us ••,vas clected in view of the ad- 
justment of these unforeseen troubles, and im- 
pressed with the ilnportancc of compromise, and 
believing that it is our duty to refer this question, 
which we cannot settle, to the people whom we 
represent, I propose that every Inan of us a•rec 
to resign his place here, to take effect on the 21st 
of February next; and that we immediately pass 
a special law to providc for the clection of our 
successors, who shall meet here on the 22d day 
of February, (that consecrated and hallowed 
by the birth of the Father of his Country,) and 
that to these Representatives, fresh from the hands 
o? the people, and bearing the pcoples' instruc- 
tions, thc various Ifroposals of compromise now 
pending, and hereafter to be made, shall be re- 
In the mean tirne, between this and the 
ferrcd. 
22d of February, we can go on and dispatch the 
public business demanding our attention. 
I made it in 
This is not a party prol)osition. 
good faith, and earnestly ask its consideration. 
The man on this floor who knows he has been 
misrepresenting the wishes of his people need 
'I'hose who havc been fhithful and 
alone fear it. 
true to the people, to the Union, and the Constitu- 
etion, will be indorsed and reéleeted. The respons 
ibijity will then be With the people; and I know 
the resalt will be peace, conciliation, and a rcturn 
to the Union. W c cannol agree; why then shall 
we stand in the way of the expression of the will 
we are right, our people will 
of the people? 
sustain us; if we are wrong, we owe it to our- 
selves and then'l to give thein an opportunity to 
Adopt this measure, 
select others in our stead. 
and you will arrest precipitate action in the south- 
believe 
crn States which yet remain with us. 
marked the period as an c.ra in the progress of 
humanity. Over its pleasing realizations, -what 
nature was not joyous? Of its magnificentprom-. 
isings, who was not gladly hopeful? To us, of 
America, the picture was the brighter because, 
with pardonable pride, we saw ourselves reflected 
in it; our principles recognized, though not wholly 
adopted; and our example and institutions meas- 
urably followed and reproduced. The throes of 
that classic and suffering people, as in agony and 
blood they disowned the despot, and clamed and 
won their freedom, awakened our warmest sym- 
patl'ües•, and our brother-feeling strengthened as 
we saw in their heroic leader rare virtues, which 
place him near the side of Washington. 
Externally, all was well. Withinourselves, how 
much to call fbrlh thankfulness "The nation was 
never richer, stronger, or more prosperous. : •A 
bountiful crop had filled our garners, relieved in- 
debtedness, and driven away the shadow of former 
revulsion. Trade was active. Our matchless land 
and water ways were crowded. Our population 
were busy. Wealth flowed in from Europe as it 
had rarely done before, and labor, in cvery occu- 
pation, wps adequately paid. Under such circum- 
stances, on the 6th day of November last, nearly 
five million American voters, in the exercise of 
the most precious right of' citizenship, cast their 
ballots for the Chief Executive of the nation. 
A night passes, and another day. The flashing 
wires announce the choice, and good citizens re- 
sume their duties. With the next rising sun, come 
mutterings and threatenings—dissonant and un- 
natural. Gradually they swell higher and higher, 
until they arrest and absorb attention as they 
shrilly penetrate the remotest corners of the land. 
Crossing the Atlantic, and reaching alike ancient 
friends and ancient enemies, there comes back a 
united and beseech ing remonstrance against so 
horrible a purpose, so monstrous a crime, as the 
disruption of this Government. Two ',veeks pass 
around, and on ali sides business is paralyzed, 
crops remain unmoved, banks suspend, exchange 
is practically stopped, securities, even those of 
the Government, reach nominal prices, and the 
whole fabric of trade totters—every citizen being 
more. or less a loser. Patriots within the country 
combine to check tho maddening torrent of feel- 
l.)ut it rolls on. One, two, three, four, five, 
States haveah•cadyyieldcd to thestorm,andothers 
if this measure were adopted, some of those States stand tremblingly before it. 
It threatens to en- 
which l'iave already seceded seri(l their gulf a whole section of the Republic. Such a 
Representatives back to lend their aid in this great 
work of compromise. Even if it were for no other 
purpose, we should consult our people on the 
question of the course to be pursued against the 
seceding States. Beforc we begin a bloody civil 
• , let us consult the people, and hear their 
voicc and carry out their determination.. For 
myself, I have voted uniformly for the consider- 
ation of almost every proposition for compromise 
I am willing my peoplc 
which has been offered. 
I love my country, and 
should pass on my acts. 
I am ready to make any sacrifice which will prc- 
serve that glorious Union which has made us the 
i speak 
greatest and freest nation on the carth. 
by the indulgence of my colleague, and I cannot 
ure. 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Mr. Speaker, 1 have 
I think that , 
a proposal to make to this House. 
every irnpartial observer, who has witnessed our 
deliberations since the commencement of the ses- 
sion, will admit that there is nothing like unity 
of sentiment nor concurrence of opinion amoncr 
us. The votes had on the various propositions I 
of compromise presented tous from time to time, t 
abundantly prove that there is not the slightest 
probability that a constitutional majority can bc 
obtained for any proposition which will restore 
harmony and peace to our distracted country. 
Day after day is spent in the delivery of speeches, i 
of which only tend to increase our troubles, 
now elaborate this proposition. I submit it for the I 
consideration of the Housc as a peace-offering 
which requires no sacrifice Of principle from any 
I thank the House for its attention and my 
one. 
colleague for his kind indulgcnce. 
Mr. GROW. I my collcaguc whether his 
successor is not already elected ? 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Certainly; and is 
a good Union man and a conservative Democrat. 
But my proposition has nothing to do with my 
successor; my proposal relates to my own term. 
Mr. McPHERSON resumed the floor. 
Mr. WASHBURNF„ of Illinois. With the 
permission of my friend from Pennsylvania, I de- i 
sire to propound an inquiry to the chairman of the 
and {dd fuel to the flame of public discord. While 
we are entragod in this profitless controversy—for committee of thirty-three. I wish to ask him how 
I doubt whether any speech that has bccn made, long he proposes this debato shall be run before 
phenomenon, so threatening and wide-reaching, 
should concentrate all' thought upon itself. 
It has been said, we are in the midst of a revo- 
lution. It is more accurate to say, that we are in 
the presencc of a vast conspiracy, which has at 
length assumed the proportlons of revolution. 
propose to examine and try to understand -it. 
Whcncc comes it? By what means? Whither 
docs it tend? Three pregnant questions. 
TIIE CONSPIRACY. 
The blows come from conspirators, who admit 
that long ago they laid the plan, that carefully. 
they have prepared the lucans, und that such has 
bccn their life-labor. Turning to the proceedings 
of the Lcffislaturc of the Stato of South Carolina 
in 1850, In a debate upon a proposition for a 
southern Congress, we find thatonc member (Mr. 
W. S. Lyles) said that the remedy for their wrongs 
was the union of the South and the forntation of a 
southern confedcracy. Several members declared 
their purpose so to vote on the pendinø bill as to 
hasten the dissolution of the Union. Mr. Keitt said 
he would sustain the bill providing for the elec- 
tion of delegates to a southern Congress, because 
he thought it would bring about a more speedy dis- 
solution of the. Un.ion. In the '"sovereign conven- 
tion" of South Carolina, recently in session, one. 
member (Mr. Parker) said, in the debate upon_ 
th secession ordinance, " 'ilhis is no spasmodic 
ort that has come suddenly upon us; but it has 
een grad ually cu imi a long series of years, 
It has come to that point when we 
until, at last, 
or that will be maae, will change the opinion or 'i we are brought to vote upon the report. 
may say the matter is entirely right." Another 
A MEMBER. The chairman is not here. 
vote of a single mcn1bor—State after State is se- 
Mr.NIcPHERSON. Threc monthsagoalle s member (Mr. Inglis) said: Most of us have had 
ceding from this Union, and dclegalion after dei- 
gation is biddingusfareweli,and vacating the scats were turned to behold, and all hearts to welcome, this matter under consideration•for the last twenty 
A nother melnbér, (Mr. Keitt,) recently 
around us. While these things arc being done, the free nation rising out of lhc Italian sea. I-ler years.' 
