532 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 23, 
a member of this House; said he " had been en- 
gaged in this movement ever since he entered po- 
litieal life." He rejoicingly pronounced the Union 
buricd, and dropped its flag on the grave. An- 
other men)ber, (Mr. Rhett,) once a member of 
this House, and afterwards a Senator of the Uni- 
ted States, said that " the secession of South Car- 
olina ic not an event of a day, is not produced by 
Mr. Lincoln's election, or by the non-execution 
of the fugitive slaVe law, but is a matter which Las 
been gathering head for thirty uears." Thus the 
conspiracy is confessed. Ex-Representatives, ex- 
Senators, in the face of the world, declare Ihat the 
overthrow of the Government was their great ob- 
jéct-of desire and effort, while they were sworn 
offcers of that Government, receivin& compensa- 
tion from it, and intrusted with the care of its 
vast interests. 
Had it not been confessed, it could easily have 
been proved. As far back as 1844, Mr. Clay 
wrote to a citizen of Alabama: 
From develop:nént.s now being madc In South Carolina, 
it is pertuetly ananifbs•t that a party exists in that State, 
seeking a dissolution of the Union, and för that purpose 
en)plo.v the pretext ot•the rejection of Mr. 'l'yler's abomina- 
ble treaty." 
In May, 1833, General Jackson, in his letter to 
Rev. Andrew J. Crawfbrd, after congratulating 
himself on the death of nullification, and the de- 
feat and dishonor of its advocates, remarked as 
follows: 
The tariff, it is •7iOW known, was a mere pretext." 
'l'nerelöre. the tariff was only the pretext, 
and dlsunton and a southern coniQderacy the real object." 
He then adds the prophetic words: 
The next pretext will be the negroor slavery question." 
How accurately the sagacious patriot measured 
the conspirators; how thoroughly he compre- 
hended them; how clearly he foresaw their net- 
work of devices! 
How firmly they seized the pretext, how per- 
severingiy they have handled it, 
let their ever- 
increastng agitation, 
their ever-risirry exactions, 
their destruction of rncn and parties infidelity 
to it, and their more and more unreasonable de- 
mands, give answer. Do you need flu•lher evi- 
deuce? Recall the secessi01') excitement of 1850, 
the Nashville convention of 1851, the frequent 
\ so-called) southern commercial conventions, the 
repcatcd fillibusterin& expeditions, the secession 
demonstrations of 1857—58, and the 01'(ranization 
of United Southerners," desct•ibed and recom- 
mended by Mr. Yancey, in 
his Slaughter lettcr 
of June 15, 1858, whose purpose was to " estab- 
1ish committees of safety " all over the cotton 
Stutcs, to ' 'fire the southern heart, 
instruct the 
southern rnind, give courage to each other, and, 
at the proper ni01nent„ by one organized, concerted 
action, to precipitate the cotton States into u rev- 
'l"his league included men of all par- 
olution. 
ties who, (such is the description,) keeping up 
their oid party relations on all other questions, 
will hold the southern issue Ijaramount., und will 
influence parties, Legislatures, and stat.csmcn. 
What fearful, if not iåtal, 
tneasuu•c of success has 
crowned their ceaseleas endeavors to rottso, excite , 
influmc the southern rnind to the desired point ()t• 
the seditious condition of the Gulf 
revolution, 
States demonstrates. 
ITS CHARACTERISTICS. 
The conspiracy was wide-spread, combined 
many powerful influcnccs, and appropriated the 
apt agency of a secret, and probably oath-bound, 
organization.* It apparently invaded the Cabi- 
* 'I'RE K. G. secret and oath„bound association 
the metnbers o? which can the:nselveg the Knights of the 
Golden Circle, has existed iOr nrany Inotnhs throughout the 
cotton States. 
We are intortned that, as at pre*'ent, ot•aan- 
izcd, it originated in Alabama, under the auspices of Mr. 
Yancey, the wnole purpose being the dismernberment of 
the Union. 
We are now prepared to say, upon authority which we 
consider entirely unquestionable, that when N•lr. Yancey 
was in Kentucky last October, he made the egtnblislnnent 
of thc order of' the Knights of the Golden Cirelc in Ken- 
tuclEV a part of his special business, if not his chief business. 
net, making executive offcers connivers at, if not 
participants in, its atrocious policy, It penetrated 
the Departments, and used their machinery for its 
nefarious purposes. And it has been suggested, 
not improbably, that the House and Senate Cham. 
bers have not escaped defilement. At its touch, 
privacy was penetrated, secret doors opened, all 
Information gained, and all desirable dispositions 
effec,cd. So intelligent were the guiding spirits, 
and so perfect their arrangements, that when, at a 
given Signal, treason lifted its head in a thousand 
quarters, few supposed that the sudden and simul- 
taneous movement was the result of foresight and 
preparation. A conspiracy so wide, complete, 
and extensive never before threatened the over- 
throw of the national Constitution, and the de- 
struction of human hopes and rights. 
Jf judeed by its causes, real or pretended, it must 
be pronounced unjustified; if by its characteris- 
tics, wicked and diabolical. * In every element, 
it is hateftll and despicable. 
It was conceived in 
disappointed personal ambition, urid born of cun- 
ning and calculating malignity. It has fed and 
thrived upon the worst of passions, and its very 
grossness betrays the hideousness of its life. Its 
footprints are plainly traceable upon the nation 's 
path way for a quarter of a century; and noiv into 
this magnificent but uncompleted Capitol has come 
its ghastly and horrid form, its scowling face and 
wrathful words and hating heart. To many, un- 
suspicious of such depravity, it has come una- 
wares. Others have long observed its. stealthy 
creep. It has been here before. A year ago It 
moved angrily through these marble Halls. It has 
returned, tenfö\d more violent and vicious. As it 
is, we must meet it—either succumb to it, parry 
it, or maintain the contest necessary to destroy it'. 
ITS HISTORY. 
This suggests the second point: What means 
have brought it? These conspirators live in 
southern States, but have, or have bad, allies in 
"l'hcir first attempt upon the Govern- 
northern. 
ment was 'Mide in 1832, when they tnct the iron 
wili and sterling patriot.ism of Andrew Jackson, 
whose Roman virtue no bribes could sway or 
threats subdue. 
'I'hcy retired vanquished, fleeing 
to the sand hills of the Palmetto State, where, 
nursing their wrath, they kept it warm. While 
the hero lived, he checked and thwarted them. 
Dying, he, with wonderful significance, enjoined 
• his family to use thc memorials of his bravery in 
de.fi„lnding the Union fronl " DOMESTIC TRAITORS," 
us well us forcign enemies.i From 1840 to 1848 
they labored assiduously to corrupt the popular 
heart, using artfully the agitation conscqucnt upon 
Texan annexation. 
In 1851 they took steps 
towards the ovcrt act; but the southern heart had 
lution of the Union at the risk of blood. We have not the 
means of proving this to thc public. but we have not a doubt 
It it is true, tho fact is indeed a tnost shocking one.' 
Louisville Journal.. 
Recent iniOrniiiLion, 
fronl n unnerous sonrcea, confirms 
* Read this paragraph from the Charleston Mercury, of 
Ile spoke at Lebanon, in Marion county, and reinaining 
there a day, organized a lod«e, or branch, or whatever else 
wc have positive evidence that, last i i 
the nante mav be. 
rnonth, a lodge or branch was established in Barron county 
—Ive prcsuuu• at Glasgow. Moreover we are assured that 
there is a lodge in this city, and that lodges are in the full 
tide ofactive operation almost everywhere throughout our 
State. 
That the object of the establishment of the order of the 
Knights of the-Golden Circle is the destruction of the Union 
is certain, absolutely certain. "V e are told that the Okem- 
berse at their admission, are sworn to Ehe disso, 
Decelllber 17, 1860 
" Already cornes from the North, by every inail, the rnut- 
tering or the approaching gtortn—the cry of starving men. 
In a tow brief weeks, the un known dread will have becoine 
astern reality. And then, when gaunt and shivering rnen, 
women, and children, shall walk their streets, not alone or 
in pairs, but in desperate and savage crowds ; and when 
the shout shåli break upon the car iOr bread or blood 
and when there shad be blood, but little bread ; when starv- 
ing labor shall strike the props f'roe•n under capital; and 
wlivn, finally, that. gilded temple, the North, built up frmn 
robbery upon the South, shall fall, and rapine aulong the 
ruins shall supply to the laborer the Incans of subsistence, 
then shall they realize out wrongs and our might, aud at 
that day may they call upon God, for kle alone will hoed 
them. Our car will be (icar to their solicitations. 
'Rhe debt 
between us will be canceled." 
r n June, 1843, General Jackson wrote his will with his 
Here are two provisions : 
own hand. 
Seventh. bequeath to tny beloved nephew. Andrew 
J. Donelson, son of Samuel Donelson, deceased, the ele- 
gant sword prescntcd to me by the State ot' 'l'ennessee, with 
that he fåil not to use it when necessary 
this injunction : 
in support and protection of our glorious (Jnion, and tor the 
protection of the constitutional rights of our belovcd coun- 
try, should they be assailed by foreign cnmnies or dornestic 
traitors. 
Eiøhth. To my grand-nephew, Andrew Jackson Coffee, 
bequeath the elegant sw•ord presented to me by the rifle 
co:npany of New Orleans, cointnanded by Captain Beale, i. 
as a of regard, and to bring to his recollection 
-the uailant services of his deceased father, General John 
Cof)üe, in the late Indian and British war, under tny eon-t- 
Inam(l, and his gallant conduct in de(önse of New Orle,'llts 
with this injunction: that. he wield it ju the ! 
protection of the rights secured to the American citizen 
under our glorious Constitution against all invaders, 
whether foreign foes or intestine traitors." 
not yet been fired, and the cotton States would 
not be precipitated into revolution. Crafty in the 
use of pretexts—as observed by Jackson, Clay, 
and Benton, and now by all—thoroughly intent 
upon their single purpose, watchful of and eager 
for opportunity, and gathering energy from defeat, 
the have labored relentlessly the last ten years; 
arié, aided by the excitement created by the ruth- 
less repeal of the Missouri compromise, and the 
subsequent despotic Kansas policy of two Dem- 
ocratic Administrations, they are now, in 1861, as 
if to prove the continuity of their life, executin" 
the programme marked out in 1851, as most eff- 
cient for the destructive work.* 
For years they suffered for want of a suitable 
agency through which, unsuspected, to reach the 
public. For ætime they were excluded from the 
Democratic party; but they at length reéntered 
it, at once its decay began. By a gradual 
process they changed both its creed and policy. 
They reversed, as a necessary preliminary, the 
theory of the very nature of the Government, and 
the source of its powcr. Jackson, following the 
fathers, taught that— 
'Phis is a Government in whieh- all the pcople are rcpre- 
sented ; which operates directly on the people individually, 
not upon the States ; they retain all the power they di(l not 
But each State, having expressly parted willi SD 
grant. 
many powers as to constitute, jointly with the other States, 
a single nation, cannot, fi•om that period, possess any right 
to secodc; because sucll secession does not break a league, 
but destroys the unity of a notion; and any injury to that 
unity is not only a breach which would result frmn the 
contravention ofa compact, but it is an offense against the 
whole Union. 
'l'o say that any State may at pleasure se- 
cede from the Union, is to say that the United States are 
not a nation ; because it would be a sotecism to contend 
that any part of a nation might dissolve its connection wi th 
the other ports, to their injury or ruin, without conunitting 
any 
The southern Democracy of this day, almost 
with unanimity, assert and maintain this 
of secession;" while many northern (especially 
Breckinridge) Democrats, mildly denying it, give 
them " aid and comfort," by skillfully prating of 
the unconstitutionality of coercion. To justify 
this form of' reasoning, they deny the popular 
character of the Government, and rest it upon the 
States, defining the relations between the States 
as a league, and the General Government as an 
ao•ent, whicl') cach onc is at liberty to discard at 
pleasure, and wklich, as recently expressed, the 
seceders are about to hand over to the remainino• 
partners—themselves retiring! Largely depriv- 
ing the national Government of vitality, they have 
proportionably exærgerated the State governments 
—allegiance to which, in violation of the precise 
language and the entire theory of the Constitu- 
tion, they have placed first in the scale of obliga- 
tion. From defacing the creed of the party, they 
proceeded, by an irresistible logic, to denational- 
jze its policy, destroying its nobler features, and 
supplanting them with either thc shadows of 
former substance or the denial of former attri- 
butes. They have denied the right and paralyzed 
the power of the Government to protect the labor 
of the country. They have made of no effect its 
power to construct ri ver and harbor im provements, 
or aid internal commerce. They have destroyed 
its effciency for many important, practical, and 
useful purposes, not now necessary to be named, 
and have limited its agency to the narrowest fields 
* feck convinced that no enoct.ive measures will be 
taken by the States separately. 'l'he time and energy Of 
the States would be wasted in fruitless contest abouF the 
proper remedy, and difl'erences of opinion on this point 
would detuat any action at all, even though all the consult- 
ing States should favor some remedy. 
If, therefore, the 
people of South Carolina have made np their 'ninds to with- 
draw from the Union at all events, whether joined by other 
States or not, my advice would be to do so without wait- 
ing för the action ofanyother St.ate; as i believe therewould 
be Inore probabiiit.y tavorahle. action on the part of other 
southern States after her secession than beföre. So long 
as the several aggrieved States wait for one another, their 
action will be over-cautious and timid. Great political 
movements, to be successful, must be bold, and must pre- 
sent practical and simple issues. 
'l'here is, therefore, in tny 
opinion, greater probability of toe dissatisfied States uniting 
with a seceding State than of their union tor the purpose of 
secession. The secession ofa soutnern State would star- 
tle the whole South, and force the other States to meet the 
issue plainly; it would present practical issues, and exhibit 
everywhere a wider spread discontent. than politicians have 
imagined. In less than two years all the States south of 
you would unite their destiny to yours. 
Should the Fed- 
era! Governtnent attenjpt to emp\oy förce an active and 
cordial union of the wholc South would be instantly ef- 
fOcted, and a cornpiete southern confederacy organized. 
All these results are problems which the future alone can 
solve.' '—Eatractfrrom General Quitman's letter to Colonel 
John S. Preston, of South Carolina, in 1851. 
