536 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
January 24, 
The SPEAKER pro te,npore. The question is, 
Shall the decision of- the Chair stand as the 
judgment of the House 
Mr. NELSON. I call for the yeas and nays. 
I want to know whether there is a quorum pres- 
ent to decide this question. 
The SP BAKER pro tempore stated that the yeas 
and nays were not ordered—only ei•ht members 
voting therefor. 
Mr. NELSON. I ask fora count on the other 
side. I want. to see how many members are 
presente 
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. ALDRICH and 
SPINNER were a pointed. 
Mr. BOCOCIPC. There is, am very sure, a 
misunderstanding in regard to thissubject, which, 
if removed, there would be no need of havirv a 
vote on the appeal taken by the honorable gen- 
tleman from Tennessee. The gentlelnan rose, and 
said he demanded the floor on the ground that he 
had addressed the Chair first. The gentleman 
from North Carolina was under the irnprcssion 
that that demand implied some constraint upon 
him—that it required him to yield the floor. Now, 
1 am very sure that the gentleman from Tennes- 
sce meant nothing of that sort. 
Mr. NELSON. No, sir. 
MI'. BOCOCK. Thcgentleman from Tennessee 
could not have prevented the gentleman from 
North Carolina from getting the floor, and if the 
floor were awarded to him, from taking it. I am 
sure , therefore, that the gentleman from North Car- 
olina and the gentleman from Tennessee misun- 
derstood each other. The gentleman from Tennes- 
see did not mean to put the gentleman from North 
Carolina under any constraint in the matter. The 
gentleman from North Carolina thought he did. 
Now, the gentleman from Tennessee did not 
mean anything of the sort, I am very certain the 
gcntlernan from North Carolina 'Vill yield him the 
floor without a word. 
Mr. NELSON. Of 1 did not mean any 
reflection on the gentleman from North Carolina. 
I demanded the floor because I noticed the gentle- 
man from Pennsylvania when hc concluded Ifis 
speech, and addressed the Chair before the gen- 
tteman from North Carolina did. I mean no dis- 
respect to him. I demanded to be rccognized, 
because I was entitled to the floor. 
Mr. BOCOCK. I have .had some little expe- 
rience servino in the chair for other Speakers, 
and for the prescnt Speaker, and if the gentlcman 
from Tennessee had had the same experience in 
this House, he would know that it is almost im- 
possible for u Speak-cr to ascertain precisely which 
member addresses hirn first. A presiding officer, 
in consequence perhaps of a desire to alternate the 
floor between both sides, has his eye directed to 
a particular part of' the. House, arid may very in- 
nocently award floor to a gentleman on one 
side of the House, while, in fact, a gentleman on 
the btrher side did actually address him first. 
Mr. NELSON. I have no ohiection to tho 
gentlcrnan from North Caroiina, who is my senior 
In years and my senior on this floor, speaking 
before me; and if' thc Speaker will assign me the 
floor after the gentleman from Nortli Carolina 
shall have addressed the House, I will yield my 
claim. 
Mr. WINSLOW. When the gentleman rose 
I was on the point of doing, perhaps, a rash 
thino. Waiviug my right to the floor would have 
been, perhaps, inconsistent with my duty in rc- 
gard LO some matters which desire to explain. 
Allow me now to confirm what the gcntletnan 
from Virginia [Mr. Bococre has said in regard 
to recognizincr members. '1 here is no more em- 
barrassing part of the Speaker's duties than that 
of assigning the floor. Tl'he gentleman from Ten- 
nessee ought to know that, in these cases, the 
Chair must decide which gentleman has the floor. 
Gentlemen want to know what time they are øo- 
inff to speak, and the. matter is generally arranged 
beforehan•d, and assented to on both sides. 
I presume the Speaker did not hear the gentle- 
man from r Pennesse.e when he ad(lressed the Chair. 
It is natural that the Speaker should look in the 
direction where the member who was next to 
think that five rninut.es' private con- 
speak sat. 
versation with the gentleman from Tennessee 
would settle this question. 
Mr. NELSON. It is not my design to reflect 
on the Speaker; not at all. 
I had no desire to 
cast any reflection on the gentleman who is occu- 
pying the chair. 
I merely insisted on my right, 
because I thought I spoke before' the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
Mr. WINSLOW. Iam sure, if the gentleman 
from Tennessee will let the matter pass over, two 
words from me will satisfy him. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen- 
tlcman from I'ennessee withdraw his appeal? 
Mr. NELSON. 1 do withdraw appeal. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the gentleman 
from North Carolina will give way, I will move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. 1 have the 
by the courtesy of the gentleman from North 
Carolina. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then 1 withdraw 
the motion. 
CHILDREN OF WILLIAM HUMPHREY. 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. 1 move that the 
Committee of the Whole House be discharged 
from the further consideration of House bill No. 
590, for the relicf of the children of William Hum- 
phrey, a soldier of the Revolution. 
T hc bill was read. It directs the Secretary of 
the Tt•easury to pay to the surviving legitimate. 
children of William Humphrey, a revolutionary 
soldier, late of Virginia, the sum of four dollars 
per month, to commence from March 4, 1831, up 
to March 22, 1850, the date of his death. 
Mr. McKNlGHT. Is there any report ac- 
companying that bill ? 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. Yes, sir; there is. 
Mr. ALLEY. 1 object. 
Mr. MARTIN Virginia. Oh, no; hope not. 
Mr. ALLEY. There are not a dozen members 
I know nothing about the merits of the 
gentleman's bill; but it is my duty, as a repre- 
sentativc of the people, to see that no busil)ess 
is dorie when there are not a dozen members 
present. 
Mr. COLFAX. I vv'i]l suggest to the gentle- 
man from Massachusetts, that he may acommo- 
date the gentleman from Virgil)ia, and at the same 
time not violatc the l)rinciple he has stated, by al- 
lowing the bill to come beföre the House, and the 
previous question to bc ordered on it before we 
adjou rn. 
It can then be acted on in ahe morning, 
when a full House is prescrit. 
Mr. ALLEY. I Will not object to that. 
The bill was then taken up. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore declared the ques- 
tion to be upon ordering the main question. 
Mr. PHELPS. object. There is no 
qnorurn here, and the House has no right to 
transact business without. It may be a merito- 
rious case; if so, I will vote for it to-morrow; but 
I will not give Iny consent that it shall be taken 
up now. 
Mr. ALLEY. I move, then, that the House 
adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at 
half past fouro 'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
THURSDAY, January 24, 1861. 
The Jou rnal of yesterday was read and approved. 
COMMITTEES OF THE SENATE. 
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the ap- 
pointmcnt of members of the Senate to fill vacan- 
cies in the standing committees, in conformity 
with the order of the Senate, as follows: 
Conunittee on Finance—Mr. Hemphill and Mr. 
Simmons. 
Committee on Military Uairs and the Militia— 
Mr. Latham and Mr. Bragg. 
Conun.ittee on Naval JIUairs—Mr. Kennedy and 
Mr. Grimes. 
Conunittee on the Post OJice and Post Roads—Mr. 
Wade. 
Committee on Pensions—Mr. Morrill. 
Commit.tee on Reuolutionary Lane 
and Mr. Wilkinson. 
Convmittee on Claims—Mr. Polk and Mr. King. 
Connnittee on the District of Columbia—Mr. 
Johnson of Arkansas, Mr. Powell, and Mr. 
Clark. 
Conunittee on Public Buildings and Grounds— 
Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee. 
Conunittee on Territories—Mr. Hunter and Mr. 
Foster. 
Committee on Printing—Mr. Cameron. 
The committees are now constituted as follows: 
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Mason, (chair• 
man,) Douglas, Slidell, Polk, Crittenden, Seward, 
and Sumner. 
On Finance —Messrs. Pearce, (chairman,) 
Gwin, Bright, Fessenden, Cameron, Hemphill, 
and Simmons. 
On Commerce—Messrs. Bigler, (chairman , ) 
Clingman, Saulsbury , Chandler, Baker, and Nich- 
olson. 
On Military Uairs and Militia—Messrs. John- 
(chairman,) Lane, Wilson, 
son of Arkansas, 
King, Rice, Latham, and Bragg. 
On Naval Uairs—Messrs. Thomson, (chair- 
man,) Slidell, Nicholson, Hale, Anthony, Ken- 
nedv, and Grimes. 
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Bayard , (chairman , ) 
Pugh, Benjamin, Green, Powell, Trumbull, and 
Foster. 
On Post Offces and Post Roads—Messrs. Gwin, 
(chairman,) Rice, Bright, Wigfall, Hale, Dixon, 
and Wade. 
On Public Lands—Messrs- Johnson of Arkan- 
sas, (chainuan,) Pugh, Johnson of Tennessee, 
Lane, Bragg, Harlan, and Bingham. 
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Benjamin, 
(chairman,) Polk, Wigfäll, Ten Eyck, and Fes- 
sendcn. 
On Indian affairs—Messrs. Sebastian, (chair- 
man,) Fitch, Rice, Hemphill, Doolittle, Clark, 
and Latham. 
On Pensions—Messrs. Thomson, (chairman,) 
Saulsbury, Powell, Durkee, Grirnes, Wilkinson, 
and Morrill. 
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Nicholson, 
(chairman,) Durkee, Ten Eyck, Lane, and Wil- 
kinson. 
On Claims—Messrs. Bragg, (chairman,) Sim- 
mons, Foot, Hemphill, Wilkinson, Polk, and 
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Johnson 
of Tcnncssec, (chüirman,) Kennedy, Wilson, 
Clingman, Johnson of Arkansas, Powell, and 
Cla rk. 
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs. Big- 
ler, (chairman,) Thomson, Hemphill, Simmons, 
and Trumbull. 
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Messrs. 
Bright, (chairman,) Kennedy, Clark, Doolittle, 
and Johnson of Tennessee. 
OIL Territories—Messrs. Green, 
(chairman,) 
Douglas, Sebastian, Collamer, Wade, Hunter, 
and Foster. 
To nudit and Control the Contingent Expenses 
of the Senate—Messrs. Johnson of Tennessee, 
(chairman,) Powell, and Dixon. 
On Printing—Messrs. Fitch, (chairman,) An- 
thony, and Cameron. 
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Lane, (chairman , ) 
Bigler, and Harlan. 
On Enrolled Bids—Messrs. Saulsbury, (chair- 
man,) Bingham, and Latham. 
On the Library—Messrs. Pearce, (chairman , ) 
Bayard, and Collamer. 
THE TARIFF BILL. 
The VICE PRESIDENT also announced the 
appointment of Mr. SIMMONS, Mr. HUNTER, Mr. 
BIGLER, Mr. FESSENDEN, and Mr. Gw1N, as the 
sclcct committee on the bill (II. R. No. 338) to 
provide for the payment of outstanding Treasury 
notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the 
duties on imports, and for other purposes. 
On motion of Mr. KING, it was 
Ordered, That the petition of manuracturers of cutlery, 
edge-tools, and tnachinery, presented by him yesterdav, be 
referred to the select coln:nittee on the bill (II. R. No.•338) 
to provide for the payment ot• outstanding "l'reasury notes, 
to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on im- 
ports, and for other purposes. 
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was 
Ordered, That the petitions of hardware dealers, and 
manufacturers of edge-tools and Inachinery, and other arti- 
cleg of steel or iron, heretotöre presented to the Senate. be 
referred to the select connnittee on the bill (H. R. No. 338) 
to provide tor the payment of outstanding Treasury notes. 
to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on im- 
ports, and iör other purposes. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. SEWARD presented additional papers in 
support of the claim of Samuel F. B. Morse, for 
an extension of his patent; which were referred 
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office. 
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of manu- 
facturers of steel tools and fire-arms in Massachu- 
Betts, Maine, Connecticut, and New Hampshire, 
