1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
597 
praying that the duty on steel may not be in- 
creased; which was referred to the select commit- 
tee on the bill (H. R. No. 338) to provide for the 
payment of outstanding Treasufy notes, to au- • 
thorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on 
imports, and for other purposes. 
Mr. LATHAM presented a petition of citizens E 
of New York, praying the adoption of tile corn- 
rmmsc measures proposed by Hon. Mr. RICE, of 
innesota; which was ordered to tie on the table. 
Mr. KING presented a petition of ship-owners 
and others interested in vessels, praying that no 
alteration may be made in the pilot laws of March 
2, 1837, and August 30, 1852; which'was referred 
to the Committee on Commerce. 
Mr. CLINGMAN presented a petition of im- 
porters of window-glass in the city of New York, 
praying such a modification of the tariff bill now 
before the Senate as W'itl make the duty on glass 
more equal and just; which was referred to the 
select committee on the bill (H. R. No. 338) to 
provide for the payment of outstanding Treasury 
notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the 
duties on imports, and for other purposes. 
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Charles 
W. Wel>h, praying to be allowed the difference 
between the compensation of chief clerk of the 
Navy Department and that of Secretary of the 
Navy, during the time he acted in the latter ca- 
pacity; which was referred to the Committee on 
Claims. 
He also presented a petition of citizens of the 
county of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, prayinT 
that pensions may be granted to the survivors of 
the war of 1812, and to the widows of those who 
have died, or may hereafter die; which was or- 
dered to lie on the table. 
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of cit- 
izens of New York, praying Congress to aid the 
People's Pacific Railroad Company, established 
under a charter obtained from the Legislature of 
the State of Maine, by a liberal donation of the 
public lands, and such other assistance as a wise 
and just policy may suggcst; which was ordered 
to lie on the table. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 am charged with the 
duty of presenting to tho Senate a memorial from 
a number of citizens of Guernsey county, Ohio, 
praying for the passage of the resolutions which 
I introduced some time since. ask that the 
memorial be read. 1 think it is but a proper 
respect to the memorialists. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
To the honorable members of the Senate Qf the United States 
and House of Represéntatives together convened : 
The undersigned, citizens Guernsey county, in the 
State of Ohio, without respect to party, believing the time 
has corne that *01nething must be done, and that speedily, 
to save our country fro"') eternal ruin : 
We therefore respectfully ask your honorable body to 
pass the Crittenden resolutions, or sorne other plan that will 
be satisfatoryto a majority of the American citizens/and 
forever put to rest all ground* of dispute betwccn the North 
and South on the slavery queston. 
The memorial was ordered to lie on the able. 
RED RI VICR RAFT. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call the atten- 
tion of the Senate to the fact that, a few days 
since, at my earnest solicitation, they fixed upon 
to-day for the consideration of the House resolu- 
tion in relation to the raft of the Red river. 
It is 
a joint resolution which has been here for some 
considerable time. have, on several occasions, 
sought to get it up. It was made the special order 
for to-day, at one o'clock; but as there are other 
matters of very great importance that gentlemen 
will wish to bring up at that hour, I should be 
glad if the Senate would consent that the joint 
resolution be taken up now, and disposed of. 
The motion q.vas agreed to; and the Senate, as 
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid- 
eration of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 43) 
giving the assent of Congress to certain acts 
passed, or to be passed, by the Legislatures of the 
States of Arkansas, Louisiana, and 'Texas, or of 
any two of them, in relation to the raft of Red 
river, and for other purposes; the pending ques- 
tion being on the amendment of the Senate Com- 
mittee on Commerce, to add, at the end of the 
ioint resolution, the following: 
sand provided further, That the United Statcs shall havé 
the right, at any time after the expiration or ten years, to 
take possession of the work by paying to the cotnpany the 
amount of the expenditure, with seven per cent. interest. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. this 
joint resolution was up the other day, I stated 
thal if no one else did so, I should call the atten- 
tion of the Senate briefly to some of its features. 
I regard it as an unconstitutional measure. do 
not think that the Congress of the United States 
has authority to pass a bill of this character. 
It 
is, in my judgment, a bill authorizino• companies 
to tax the commerce. of the country upon one of 
its navigable streams. YVhen the •state of Ark- 
ansas, and the other Statos borderin•r upon the 
Mississippi river, x.vcre admitted into the Union, 
and even in the treaty which wc made when we 
acquired that country, it was expressly provided 
that thc Mississippi river and all tbc navigable 
streams flowing into it should be forever free to 
the citizens of all the States, without any tax, 
duty, or impost of any kind. The navigation of 
all these streams was to be free; and yet here is 
a provision to allow the levying of duties upon 
vessels which shall navigate one of these streams. 
I think that alone furnishes an unanswerable 
objection to the passage of this bill. 
The Constitution of the United States does 
authorize States, with the consent of Congress, 
to ray duties on tonnage. The language is this: 
No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay 
any duty ot• tonnage, keep troops or ships-of-war in time of 
peace, enter into anv am•eernent or compact with another 
State, or witha föreicvn Power." 
The first section of this joint resolution pro- 
That the assent of Congress be, and the same is hereby, 
given to any acts that have been or Inay be passcd by the 
Legislatures of the States of Arkansas, Louisiana, and 
Texas, or ofany two of them, having for their object the in)- 
provetnent of the navigation of Red river, by t.i•e relnoval 
of the raft therefrom. 
I do not. think it '.vas in the contemplation of the 
frarncrs of the Constitution to give. in advance an 
unlimited authority to the States to pass any law 
which they might think proper in regard to tonnage 
duties. The next section providesfortheco}lection 
of thc tonnage duties; but the first section provides 
that the assent of Congress " be, and the same is 
hereby, given to uny acts L}'lat have been or may 
be passed." Now, does this Senate know what 
acts have been passed by these Lcgislat.urcs in 
regard to the improvement of this ri veu•? Or if 
you do know what acts have been passed, have 
you any knowledge as to what acts may be here- 
after passed? Are you prepared to give your 
assent to any acts which these States, 0k' any two 
of them, may pass in regard to this river? I sup- 
pose that the Constitution, if it means anything, 
means that the assent of Congress is to be given 
understandingly. That would be after these three 
Legislatu res, or any two of them, had passed acts 
for the improvement of this river, and submitted 
them to Congress; and then Congress could, 
under the Constitution, give its assent. 
I have only read the first scction of the joint 
resol u tion. 
'I'he next section provides that— 
So soon as any company incorporated by the States afore- 
said, or any two of them, for the purpose, shall have re. 
moved thc obstructions to navigation in Red river, caused 
by the raft," and have rendered the same navigable, and 
not before, the said States, or any two of them, tnay, through 
the said cotnpany, under and in accordance with, and in 
the mode provided by, the acts incorporating the same, for 
the benefit of the cornpany, and to reirnburse to it it.s ex- 
penditures in removina said raft," levy and collect, by 
way of commutation tor duties or tonnage, tolls upon all 
boats or other water crafts, ascending or descending said 
river, and passing through the portion thereof that- shall 
so have been itnproved and rendered navigable, not to ex- 
ceed the following stuns : that is to say, filly cents on and 
för each bale of cotton, and twenty-five cents on and for 
each barrel of goods, wares, and merchandise, wherewith 
such boats or craft may be laden; and t.hat this privilege 
rnav continue until the expiration of thirty years from the 
9th day of March, anno Domini 1860. 
Thus it is proposed to give the assent of Con- 
gress, in advance, to any acts which may be 
passed by these States for the improvement of 
this river, and to the collection of tonnage duties 
under the acts incorporating these companies, 
about which we know nothing. 
It seems to me 
it would, if constitutional, be a very dangerous 
species of legislation. I think it was never in- 
tended, when tbe Constitution was framed, to give 
the assent in advance in this way. What does 
the Constitution amount to? Why should we not 
insert in the Constitution itself a clause that the 
States may collect tonnage duties, if we are pre- 
pared to gi ve this authority without knowing what 
we give, to what extent, or anything about it? 
Now, sir, I am not willing to pass a bill of this 
character without knowing what the acts of the, 
Legislature may be, and? without- knowing what 
the terms of incorporation Of' this company are. 
I do not know that I should be willing -to pass it 
at all. 
This presents briefly the objection•l'• have. to 
the bill. 
It is setting a precedent which may:he 
applied to any of out' rivers. The State of •:llli• 
nois and the State of Iowa may ask next year, or 
this year, to iinprove the Mississippi river around 
the rapids. Would the citizens of Minnesota be 
willing that -we should tax every bur-rel of flour 
and every bale of goods that went up and down 
that river, to reimburse SONIC company that would 
undertake to improve it under an act of incorpo- 
ration from Illinois or Iowa? Would Illinois and 
Iowa be willing to pay toll to Tennessee and 
Arkansas for any improvements that they might 
make, or to Louisiana for any improvements 
which a company authorized by her Legislature 
might make, at. the mouth of the Mississippi river? 
And is all the commerce of the Northwest to be 
taxed by each State past which the Mississippi 
runs? I think such provisions would be irr the 
very teeth of all the acts under which the States 
bordering on the Mississippi river have been ad- 
mitted into the Union, and all the treaties made- 
with foreign Powers when we acquired jurisdic- 
tion over that river. 
I am not willing, for one, 
to establish this precedent. Having cålled the 
attention of the Senate to the matter, I do not 
wish to delay theiraction, or to take up their time 
in discussing it. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, 1 have not 
been able to examine, critically, the joint resolu- 
tion before us, with a view to its phraseology, to 
sec whether, in its details, it is precisely what it 
should be; but, upon the general principles in- 
volved, 1 have no•doubt of the propriety of the 
measure. My mind has been directed -to this sub- 
ject for many years, and this I believe to be the 
true policy upon which our rivers should be im- 
proved, and the only mode in which they can be 
economically and properly improved. The prop- 
osition is simply to allow the States through which 
the navigable part of the Red river passes, to im- 
prove its navigation, and to assess such tolls as 
are necessary to:pay the cost of the improvement. 
No other States are interested in it except Lou- 
isiana, Arkansas, and Texas, and they desire to 
improve it for their own benefit. For many years 
they havc been waiting for Congress to remove 
the Red river raft. and other obstructions to the 
navigation of that river. We have appropriated 
a good deal of money; but our system of appro- 
pmation has been to give an amount of money 
that will enable the Department to commence the 
work, pay the salaries of the engineers, and buy 
the implements necessary for the removal of the 
raft; and when they have fairly begun the work, 
the appropriation becomes exhausted, and the 
work is abandoned until another appropriation 
can be obtained. I have often h.ad reason to say— 
and I believe it to be true—that in this way every 
dollar's worth of work -we have done costs us ten 
dollars in money. Now, if these States are will- 
ing to take the improvement of these rivers into 
their own hands, why not let them do it? 
The illustration that my colleague gives, by 
way of objection to the measure, does not hold 
good. He says, suppose Illinois and Iowa should, 
by joint action, attempt to improve the Missis- 
s:ppi, and levy a tax upon the commerce either 
of Minnesota above or Tennessee below: would 
the people there be satisfied? Sir, I never would 
give consent to the improvement of the Missis- 
sippi unless we joined in that assent each one of 
the States bordering on the Mississippi. My 
proposition for the improvement of that river has 
been to alloW each one of the States bordering 
upon it to appoint a cornmissioner, and let the 
whole of the commissioners constitute a board, 
having charge of the improvement. So upon the 
Ohio river. There being six States bordering 
upon that, I am willing that each of the six 
should appointa commissioner; that the six com- 
missioners should constitute a board, and let them 
make the improvements and collect the tolls ne- 
cessary to pay for them. So•the Illinois river, 
being wholly within one State, I hold that the 
State of Illinois is the most competent power on 
earth to improve it; and so in every other case 
where a river is wholly within the limits of a 
State, let that State take charge of it. Where 
there are two States bordering upon it, let the 
